Show menu
Read Novel Online Full Novel Bin
Novel  Dragon Talisman  Chapter 1 - The Aeternal Imperium
Dragon Talisman
C1 - The Aeternal Imperium

Chapter 1 – The Aeternal Imperium


Expanding the canals to let the rivers connect the lands.


Erecting the Great Wall to keep the wilders out.


Exterminating the Hundred Empires to unify the world.


Flattening a thousand mountains to the Diablos Sea.


Annihilating the evil cults to rectify the hearts of men.


Slaying the daemons to pacify the wilderness.


Executing wicked ministers to bring righteousness to the imperial court.


Establishing laws to bring justice to the world.


Completing the grand encyclopedia to spread wisdom for ten thousand generations.


Abolishing idolatry and the worship of gods.


These were the Ten Great Deeds of the Aeternal Imperium’s Skyseal Emperor.


Skyseal was the name he chose for his reign. The word ‘Sky’ represented supremacy, while the word ‘Seal’ represented the runic seals which formed the words of law.


The Emperor chose ‘Skyseal’ for his reign to symbolize that he would take the place of the heavens in making the laws. All creatures had to submit to him. Even the ghosts and the gods had to bow down.


The Aeternal Imperium was located in the Endless Lands. The reason why it was named ‘Endless’ was because it was truly vast beyond end. Even the marvelous figures who had mastered all of the Thirty-Six Transformations were only able to see and comprehend a tiny portion of it.


Skyseal’s reign, year fourteen. Summer. The imperial capital.


Despite the blazing heat, the imperial clansmen were all hard at work studying within the Hall of Learning inside the imperial palace.


“If a place has met with flood or disaster and is suffering from widespread starvation, with no rice to eat, how would you calm the masses? How would you alleviate their suffering? Nineteenth Prince, you answer first.” The instructor had a long beard and long whiskers, and his hair was white. He was dressed in the brocade clothes of a Ruist , and he had a stately, calm demeanor. This was one of the elders of the imperial court, Grand Tutor Liang Tao.


The nineteenth prince rose to his feet. He was fourteen years old, dressed in wrinkled clothes, and looked rather foolish. “Uh, if they don’t have rice to eat, let them eat meat.”


“Ahahaha!”


“Number Nineteen really is an idiot! He’s gonna be punished again today.”


“If the people don’t have rice to eat, let them eat meat? If this answer spreads, I fear that everyone in the world would curse his name. It will be recorded in the annals of history and treated as a great joke for a thousand years.”


The entire hall was filled with laughter.


“Is he really that stupid, or is he biding his time and just hiding his cleverness?” a red-robed maiden murmured softly to herself. “No matter what, we have to be wary of him. He has the blood of the Oblation Empire in his veins, after all.”


In the past, women had been forbidden from taking part in public life. However, ever since the Skyseal Emperor had risen to power he had overturned many old customs. He strongly promoted both female literacy and combat training. After so many years of reformation, the imperium’s culture had changed dramatically.


“Gu Chensha, go outside and stand there for two hours! After that, spend three days cleaning up the archives!” Grand Tutor Liang Tao pointed towards the outside.


Gu Chensha was the prince who had just said to ‘let them eat meat’. He was the nineteenth prince.


“Y-y-yes…” Gu Chensha nodded repeatedly, then clumsily began to stumble out. Clack! He nearly fell flat on his face after stumbling over his own chair, looking as pathetic as pathetic could be.


This guy is completely useless. He has no sense of balance and is terrible at martial arts. It seems he really isn’t a threat to anyone at all. Several princes exchanged glances with each other.


His martial arts are simply terrible. The red-robed woman had a faint smirk on her face. The Aeternal Imperium was established through martial force. Whether or not the various princes will earn favor from the Emperor is based on how strong they become. Gu Chensha is nearly fifteen years old. He’s already missed the most important years of physical training. It’ll be very hard for him to accomplish anything in the future. Good. This means the Lou clan now has one less threat to worry about.


The various princes all had their own thoughts and schemes. Gu Chensha, however, simply stood blankly beneath the blazing sun.


The Aeternal Imperium had been established over five hundred years ago. Its founding emperor, Gu Yongxiao, had brought peace to the world, and after him had come a succession of emperors who were skilled in both warfare and literature. This was especially true of the Skyseal Emperor, Gu Taxian. He was an incredibly skilled combatant who had expanded the influence of the imperial court to incredible heights. Even the daemons and the cultivators who lived beyond the passes and beyond the seas didn’t dare to cause any trouble. They were all terrified of being exterminated by the imperial court.


An imperial court was never a place for familial sentimentality. Fathers suspected sons and were plotted against in turn, while brothers turned on each other in the most brutal of ways. Even the concubines would scheme against each other. Everyone’s goal was to increase their own power, and so everyone had to tread carefully with each step. Even the slightest of mistakes could result in a snowball effect which culminated in downfall and disgrace.


Gu Chensha had more than forty brothers and thirteen sisters, and he had the weakest background of them all.


The strength of a prince was primarily determined by the strength of his maternal clan. Some princes had elder brothers or uncles who were generals and thus controlled military might. Some had relatives who were peerless experts. Some came from clans which held sway over enormous swathes of land. And some came from the legendary ‘thousand-year clans’.


As for Gu Chensha? His mother had been a princess of the Oblation Empire, one of the Aeternal Imperium’s enemies. She had been sent over as a peace offering. In the end, the Aeternal Imperium had vanquished and exterminated the Oblation Empire, and its nobles both great and small had all been wiped out. Even the Oblation Emperor himself had ended up committing self-immolation within his treasury. Supposedly, the princess had committed suicide when she heard that her nation was now dust.


As a result, Gu Chensha had no one to rely upon in the imperial court. Not only could the other princes bully him, even the higher-ranked palace attendants and eunuchs also dared to take advantage of him.


Bullying him, however, was a small matter. There were also many who wanted him dead. The Oblation Empire had been an enemy of the Aeternal Imperium, and the two had warred for over a hundred years. The hatred which existed between the two nations was as deep as a sea of blood, and it wasn’t until the Skyseal Emperor’s rise that the Oblation Empire had been exterminated.


In that war, the Aeternal Imperium had lost a high prince and several field marshals, as well as dozens of important generals. Both nations had poured everything they had into the battle. After the Aeternal Imperium finally broke into the Oblation Empire’s capital, a slaughter commenced. It took three days before the Aeternal soldiers sheathed their blades, having finally massacred all of the people living within the city.


Even now there were Oblation Empire refugees who hid themselves amongst the citizenry of the Aeternal Imperium, plotting revenge. They had never forgotten what had happened to their nation.


For all these reasons, many of the elders of the imperial court who had taken part in the extermination of the Oblation Empire felt enmity towards Gu Chensha.


He would never have a chance at becoming the next emperor. He might not even be able to keep himself alive. He had suffered endless misfortunes since he was young, and he had long ago learned to shun the spotlight. The only reason he managed to survive for this long was because he put on a show of being an idiot and a fool.


The discussion was continuing within the great hall.


“Lou Baiyue, speak. How would you handle such an uprest?” Grand Tutor Liang Tao pointed at the red-robed maiden.


Lou Baiyue rose to her feet. “I’d first execute the local magistrate and accuse of him of corruption and hoarding food for himself. That way, the masses would be appeased.”


“But what if the local magistrate was clean and uninvolved in corruption? What if the public disorder was solely a result of natural disasters?” Liang Tao asked.


Lou Baiyue’s eyes flashed coldly. “I recall that our history books included a story of an emperor who went out to war with insufficient supplies for his army. When the soldiers began to complain, the commanding general seized and executed the quartermaster, accusing him of stealing rations. Only then did the soldiers calm down.”


“That seems a bit inhumane.” Liang Tao frowned. “When administering a country, we must first act in a righteous manner.”


Lou Baiyue’s voice was as hard as steel. “If we don’t use the head of the local magistrate to appease the angry masses, they’ll be easily seduced by would-be rebel leaders. If a rebellion is launched and they start attacking our towns and cities, how many more would end up perishing? When my elder brother was sent to pacify the Yin Province, every town was blazing with the fires of rebellion. Even the woods were hot with unrest! The flames were being fanned by evil cults and mighty outlaws. There were no rations to distribute, and everything was in a state of chaos and disorder.


“If it wasn’t for the fact that my brother first killed the local magistrate to appease the masses, then executed a few hundred rabble-rousers, multiple provinces would’ve been thrown into chaos. The imperial court itself might’ve been weakened! Once a place is in a state of open revolt then the local officials, even if ‘clean’, are at fault for being unable to calm the populace. They can only pay for their sins via death.”


The red-robed woman’s named was Lou Baiyue. She wasn’t a member of the imperial clan. Rather, she was the daughter of an important minister of the court known as Duke Lou Chongxiao.


While the majority of the students here belonged to the imperial clan, some were the children of righteous ministers. The Lou clan had followed the founding emperor in establishing the imperium. They had always been in the highest favor of the various emperors who followed, and in the Skyseal reign they had only become even more dazzling.


Lou Chongxiao’s title was the Duke of Founding. He had two little brothers. The first, Lou Chongtian, was the Marquis of Greatsoul. His second, Lou Chongyun, was the Marquis of Martial Peace. The Lou clan also had many other members who were generals or emissaries, and as a result the Lou clan was often referred to by a special nickname – the ‘Quasi-Imperial Clan’.


Given their power, even many of the lower-ranked princes had to watch their step around the Lou clan.


“Your elder brother did very well in pacifying the Yin Province. The Emperor personally rewarded him for it.” Grant Tutor Liang Tao nodded. “However, the Dao of administering a country is rooted in kindness and virtue. If you commit too much slaughter, not only shall you lose karmic virtue, you will also fall into the habit of being brutal and violent, which is bad for both body and mind. I hope you will deliver my words to your elder brother.”


“I shall definitely do so.” Lou Baiyue didn’t argue, she simply nodded calmly and sat down.


Chiiiirp. Chiiiirp. The crickets were chirping loudly in the woods. One of the eunuchs responsible for accompanying the students was busy at work brushing cobwebs from some of the bamboo scrolls. It was noon, and the combination of the sweltering sun and the chirping crickets was simply mind-numbing. After a while, even Gu Chensha was reaching the point of being unable to take it any longer.


While he stood there, the class within the hall finally came to an end. The imperial scions were all ushered into the Hall of War to train in martial arts.


One of the princes moved closer to Lou Baiyue. He was dressed in silver robes and seemed quite free and unrestrained. He was completely different from Gu Chensha’s foolish appearance. “Baiyue, Liang Tao is the leader of the Ascetic faction in the imperial court who has accused your father of misconduct in the past. When he spoke to us today about justice, kindness, and quelling uprisings, I think he was sending a hidden message. One of the magistrates your brother killed when he quelled that unrest was one of his students.”


“Anyone can be an armchair philosopher.” Lou Baiyue smiled coldly. “The imperial court has far too many Ascetics. All they every do is praise each other and spout nonsense which doesn’t help the common man at all.”


The silver-robed prince wasn’t startled by her opinion at all. He glanced at Gu Chensha, who was still standing in punishment outside. “Do you think this kid is really an idiot or is he just pretending to be dumb? He’s been like this ever since you bashed his brains in when he was ten. You were actually imprisoned for ten months because of it.”


“Don’t give me that crap, Number Fourteen. Number Ten was the one who beat him up. You were present as well.” Lou Baiyue’s face turned cold.


The silver-robed youth was ranked fourteen amongst the princes. His name was Gu Yunsha, and he was smiling. “But you were the instigator of it. You said that the kid had insulted Number Ten, and Number Ten’s always had a terrible temper. As soon as he heard this, he immediately charged over and brutalized the kid. Your father knew exactly what happened, which was why he locked you up. As I recall, Number Ten ended up being beaten with a rod for his actions in the Hall of Ancestors.”


“And what of it?” Lou Baiyue said disdainfully, “My eldest brother perished while assaulting the Oblation capital, as did two of my uncles. My cousin was poisoned and killed by those Oblation survivors. The Oblation survivors are like ghosts that just won’t go away. Just last year, they attempted to assassinate my father. Why should I be nice to that brat?”


“He’s still my father’s son. Now that he’s turned into an idiot, you should hold back a bit,” Number Fourteen Gu Yunsha said.


“Enough with the crocodile tears, Number Fourteen. You’ve taught him plenty of lessons in recent years.” Lou Baiyue flicked her nails at him. “Not only did you order the eunuchs to steal his monthly stipend, you even made it so that he didn’t get the pills which all princes need for martial training. That’s why he’s now useless in both learning and in combat.”


“Isn’t that exactly what you want? Besides, when his mother was alive she played quite a few nasty tricks on my mother in order to win my imperial father’s favor. Now that he is down, this is the perfect time to kick him.” Gu Yunsha glanced sideways. “Baiyue, I hear that your martial arts have improved quite a bit lately. Why don’t you show off a bit?”


Lou Baiyue didn’t say anything. She just lightly pressed her palm against a wooden training pillar. Crunch! Crunch! The wooden pillar instantly exploded, sending splinters flying everywhere.


Her movements were delicate and simple, but they contained utterly ruinous destructive force.


“The Su-Yin Palms? You’ve reached the grandmaster level in martial arts?” The Fourteenth Prince’s eyelids twitched repeatedly.


“The four mortal levels of martial training are known as fighters, martial warriors, masters, and grandmasters. Even grandmasters are nothing more than mortals. Only the Thirty-Six Changes of Daoshapers represent real truth.” Lou Baiyue had always been one to show off her brilliance.


“Becoming a Daoshaper is an extremely difficult task. Even though imperial clansmen like us have been given the finest resources and techniques, only four of us have become Daoshapers thus far.” Fourteenth Prince Gu Yunsha frowned. “In the end, breaking through to become a Daoshaper requires both talent and luck. Even if you have the talent, if you don’t have the luck you won’t be able to achieve anything.”


Lou Baiyue raised her head to stare into the skies. “The first transformation, ‘ingest qi, avoid grains’, allows Daoshapers to survive on qi alone, ignoring all mortal foods. They use their powerful psychic energies to draw upon the spiritual qi of the world. When that happens, their bodies become free of mortal filth. I truly do look forward to that day.”


“Baiyue, you are training in the [Su-Yin Sutra], which was created by Lady Su in the olden days. My imperial father gained this sutra after he tamed the Lady Su Sect. I didn’t expect him to give it to you to train. It seems my imperial father dotes on you even more than he does his sons.” Gu Yunsha’s voice was filled with quite a bit of jealousy. “Lady Su’s Sutra is an Emperor-class technique, as Lady Su was the empress to an ancient Son of Heaven. Even my own [Cloudscraping Might] is merely a King-class technique.”


“I hear that the Seventh Prince has already reached the eighth transformation, ‘true samadhi fire’. If he can survive the tribulation of true samadhi fire setting his body alight, he’ll be able reach the ninth transformation, ‘jade body’. I imagine his cultivation level is the highest amongst the princes.” Lou Baiyue’s words were filled with hidden meaning. “The first nine transformations of Daoshapers are described as ‘ingest qi, avoid grains’, ‘nine oxen, two tigers’, ‘copper skin, iron bones’, ‘swallow metal, dissolve stones’, ‘hundred apertures awakening’, ‘aether qi’, ‘soaring airbound’, ‘true samadhi fire’, and ‘jade body’. Once you reach the ninth transformation and gain a ‘jade body’, your body shall become completely pure and free from all sickness, with your lifespan extending to five hundred years.”


“Hmph! Number Seven is the son of the Empress. It can be said he’s in the direct line of descent. The only reason he’s reached his current level is because countless resources and tutors have been poured into his tutelage. It’s only fair that he vastly surpasses the rest of us. However, the descent of the true samadhi flames is truly dangerous. Many dazzling figures have ended up being reduced to ash as they attempted to overcome this tribulation.” Gu Yunsha had an ugly look on his face. “I don’t believe he will succeed."


1. Ruist is the formal Chinese term for a follower of Confucius


 Show menu
Read Novel Online Full Novel Bin
Novel  Dragon Talisman  Chapter 1: The Great Yong Dynasty
Dragon Talisman
C1: The Great Yong Dynasty

Chapter 1: The Great Yong Dynasty


Digging canals to connect the four directions, building the Great Wall to repel barbarians, destroying a hundred kingdoms to unify the world, slashing a thousand mountains to fill in the sea of evil, annihilating evil cults to right the hearts of the people, pacifying the Great Wasteland, purging evil ministers to righteousness, setting rituals to educate the world, repairing the Great Code to spread the world, abolishing obscene rituals to seal the gods.


This is the Great Yong Dynasty, "the Great Skyseal Emperor". Ten Merits.


The Skyseal (Tianfu) is the year.


The Sky (Tian) is the Supreme.


The Seal (fu) is the pattern of the law.


The emperor took this as his yearly number, meaning that he would operate the law for the heavens and the gods and spirits would bow to it.


The Great Yong Dynasty is located in the Land of the Endless.


The name of the continent is "Endless". Even the Dao Realm Thirty Six Transformation can only see a drop in the ocean.


Summer of the Skyseal's fourteenth year.


In the capital, the Imperial Palace University Hall, the children of the Imperial Family are studying in the heat.


"There are places where floods and droughts occur, and famine is everywhere, how shall we pacify and feed the people? The Nineteenth Prince, you first.” The instructor, three willows and a long beard, with white hair, brocaded and elegant, is the Imperial court patriarch Prince Tutor Liang Tao.


"They have no food, they can eat meat.” The Nineteenth Prince stands up.


He's fourteen years old, silly-looking, his clothes wrinkled.


"Hahahaha......”


"Nineteenth sure is an idiot! I'm going to be punished again today.”


"The people can eat meat without food? When this matter is spread out, I am afraid that the whole world will curse it, and the history pen will record it as a great laughing stock even a thousand years later.”


Laughter.


"Is this son really stupid or is he biding his time and pretending to be stupid on purpose?” A woman in red whispered softly and said: "No matter what, be wary of this son, he is of the Xian Dynasty bloodline after all.”


Originally women were not allowed to show their faces, but after the Great Skyseal Emperor ascended the throne, he broke the old habits and strongly encouraged women to read and study martial arts, and after years of innovation, the custom has become extremely open.


"Gu-Chensha, go stand outside for an hour, and you will be punished by going to the library to sort out your books for three days.” The Grand Tutor of the Prince Liang Tao points outside.


Gu-Chensha is the prince who just said "eat meat".... he is ranked Nineteenth.


"Yes... Yes Yes....” Gu-Chensha nodded repeatedly, and walked out stupidly, ka-chow! He almost tripped over a chair when he got up, and looked as wretched as he could possibly be.


"This guy is kind of useless, with an unsteady lower plate and sparse martial arts skills, he really doesn't seem like a threat.” Several of the princes exchanged glances with each other.


"His martial arts skills are too poor.” The woman in red then had the color of a sneer and said: "My Great Yong Dynasty founded the country on martial arts, whether a prince can stand out and be favored by the Emperor or not, it still depends on his strength, Gu-Chensha is already fifteen, missed the best age to practice martial arts, it would be tough to have achievements, this is one less threat to my the Lou family.”


The princes in the academy have their own ideas, but Gu-Chensha, who is being punished under the hot sun, has a lot of thoughts.


The Great Young Dynasty has been founded for more than 500 years. Taizu Gu Yong has flattened the world, and the emperors of the past dynasties have dominated the world. Especially now, "the-Skyseal-Emperor" Gu-Taixian, perfect martial arts, has pushed the influence of the court even more. To the extreme, even the evil evildoers and real cultivators outside the Great Wall would not dare to be presumptuous, trembling, and afraid of being annihilated by the court.


The imperial family is boneless.


Fathers and sons are suspicious of each other, brothers and brothers are cruel to each other, the palace boudoir vies with each other, anything goes, and being in the midst of it can be a frightening experience, and if you are not careful, you will be set up for ruin.


Gu-Chensha had over forty brothers and thirteen sisters, and he had the least background.


The prince's background depends mainly on the power of his mother's clan; he has brother-uncles who are generals and hold military power.


There are feudal officials.


There are great powerhouses.


There are even millennial families.


And Gu-Chensha's mother is the Great Yong Dynasty enemy "the Xian Dynasty". Princess, sent for peacemaking purposes.


Later, the Great Yong Dynasty conquered the Xian Dynasty and killed all the princes and aristocrats, including Emperor Xian, who set himself on fire in his treasure chest.


This resulted in Gu-Chensha having no one to rely on in the palace, not to mention the other princes bullying him, even the respectable guards and eunuchs of the palace dared to fix him.


Bullying is still a trivial matter, and there are many people who want to take the opportunity to fix him up.


Back then, "the Xian Kingdom". The Great Yong Dynasty and the Great Yong Dynasty fought against each other for a hundred years, forming a blood feud until "the Great Skyseal Emperor". Ascendancy before the country was completely destroyed.


In this war, the Great Yong Dynasty also lost a prince and several army marshals, as well as dozens of generals. After the two kingdoms killed the real fire and captured the Xian Kingdom capital, they didn't seal their swords for three days, and all their armies slaughtered the people of the capital city.


To this day, there are still the Xian Dynasty commoners who are plotting a civil rebellion, and the blood feud is still alive.


With this heavy relationship in place, many of the Imperial court senators who slaughtered the Xian Kingdom are hostile to Gu-Chensha.


The throne is a million miles away from him, and saving his life is not even close.


It's a good thing he suffered as a child and knows how to bide his time and pretend to be a fool all day.


The discussion is still continuing in the schoolhouse.


"Luo Baiyue, tell me, how to provide disaster relief?”


The Grand Tutor of the Crown Prince Liang Tao points at the woman in red.


Luo Baiyue stood up and said: "Kill the magistrates first, saying they are withholding food for disaster relief to appease the victims.”


"And what if the magistrate is a clean official, but only because a natural disaster causes the people to run amok.” Liang Tao said.


"I remember that among the history books it is recorded that a great emperor went to war, and his army lacked food and grumbled, so the Lord General beheaded the head of the magistrate, saying that he had withheld food from the army, and the army was stable.” Luo Baiyue's cold light flashed in her eyes.


"It would be unkind, then.” Liang Tao frowned and said: "Rule the country with benevolence.”


"If we don't borrow the head of the magistrate, how many people will die when the starving people are compelled by the barons and unruly people to make trouble and attack the city and land? My brother went to Yinzhou to relieve the famine, it was really fire and smoke in every village, and there were even cults and warlords stirring up the fire. It was not my brother who killed the magistrate to pacify the people, and then killed hundreds of troublemakers. That spread to several provinces, and very much undermined the Imperial court’s foundation.” Luo Baiyue's voice was like gold and stone and said: "When a place starts a riot - riot, the magistrates, no matter how clean they are, are not conducive to the peace of the people, and must die to thank them for their crime.”


The woman in red is called Luo Baiyue, not a royal child, but the daughter of the Duke of Yuan Lou Chongxiao, a heavy minister of the Imperial court.


Most of the students of the clan's school are royal disciples, though some of the children of meritorious ministers are also included.


The Lou family has followed Taizu to conquer the world, and has been favored by the emperors for several generations, and is even more prominent in the Skyseal dynasty.


Lou Chongxiao is "the Duke of Yuan". His two younger brothers, Lou Chongxiao is "the Marquis of Weiling". Lou Chongxiao is "the Marquis of Wuan". In addition, the Lou family had many sons and daughters who became generals and feudal officials, which earned the Lou family the nickname "Lou the Almost Imperial family" in officialdom. The nickname "Lou the Almost Imperial family".


With such power, an equal prince would have to give the Lou family three points.


"Your brother has been commended by the emperor himself for his meritorious work in the relief of disaster in Yinzhou.” The Grand Tutor of the Princes Liang Tao nods and said: "However, the way to rule a country is based on benevolence, killing too much is one that damages Yin Virtue, and the other is easy to develop a brutal temperament, which is not conducive to nourishing Qi. I hope you will go back and tell your brother what I said.”


"Necessarily informed.” Luo Baiyue doesn't contradict, just sits down with a curt nod.


Informed.... Knowing.....


The cicadas were making a lot of noise in the forest, and those accompanying eunuchs took bamboo poles and wrapped them around spider silk and stuck them down one by one, and the midday sun was already dizzying, plus the cicadas were even more distracting, and Gu-Chensha couldn't hold on for much longer.


At the time of his punishment, this group of the Imperial Clan children had finished their literature class and entered the lecture hall to learn martial arts.


"Baiyue, Liang Tao was a Qingliu leader in the court, impeached your father, and this time, he gave us a lesson on disaster relief and lectured on benevolence, which I see is quite profound. The magistrate that your brother killed for disaster relief was his protégé.” There was a prince near Luo Baiyue, dressed in silver, but he had some dashing taste, not unlike Gu-Chensha's foolishness.


"Who wouldn't sit and talk?” Luo Baiyue just smirked and said: "The Imperial court has too many purges, boasting all day long and doing nothing for the people's livelihood.”


The silver-clad prince didn't think it was padded, he looked outside to punish Gu-Chensha and said: "Do you think this kid is really stupid or not? It's like he became like this when he was ten years old when you broke his head, and for that you were in captivity for a full ten months.”


"Lao Tenth, don't talk nonsense, people were hit by Lao Tenth, and you were there.” Luo Baiyue's face went cold.


The silver-clothed teenage prince ranked fourteen, called Gu-Yunsha, who was smiling and said: "You're the one who instigated this matter, saying that this brat bad-mouthed Luo Tenth, and that Luo Tenth is also a hothead, violently beating without even asking. Your father knows it too, or else he wouldn't go back and imprison you, and Lao Tenth has also received a board from the clan for this.”


"So what's there?” Luo Baiyue didn't think so and said: “This elder brother died when he attacked the Xian capital, two of my uncles died in that siege, and my cousin was poisoned and murdered by the Xian Dynasty remnants, the Xian Dynasty's evil sons are still haunting me, and my father was assassinated last year, do you think I would be interested in this? Kid has a crush?”


"He is, after all, Imperial Father’s blood and bones, and now that he's also turned into a fool, some things just can't be done.” Lao Tenth Gu-Yunsha laughs.


"Lao Tenth, don't be a hypocrite, you have been bullying him all these years.” Luo Baiyue flicked her nails and said: "You instructed those eunuchs to withhold his monthly money, not to mention that he didn't even get the prince's share of pills that he deserves for martial arts training, causing him to now fail in his writing.”


"Isn't that right up your alley? Besides, when this brat's mother was alive, he and my mother competed with each other and she played a lot of schemes and tricks, so if we don't fall on our faces now, will we wait even longer?” Gu-Yunsha looked out with slanted eyes and said: "Baiyue, I've heard that your martial arts have improved quite a bit lately? How about showing it?”


Luo Baiyue doesn't say anything, just light out soft palms pressed on the large wooden stake of practice, click click click, the stake suddenly exploded, wood chips scattered on the ground.


Light and unpretentious, but it caused crushing destruction.


"Su Yin Divine Palm, your martial arts cultivation has reached the Grandmaster's realm?” Lao Tenth Gu-Yunsha's eyelids protruded.


"Martial Fourfold Realm, the First Glance, Enter Higher Level, Enlightenment Ascension, Peaking the Transformation, for Martial, for Warrior, for Master, for Grandmasters are actually just mortals, only the above the Dao Realm Thirty Six Transformation is true.” Luo Baiyue is always sharp.


"How easy is it to step into the Dao Realm, even if our royal family's resources and techniques are considered the best in the world, there are only four princes who can step into the Dao Realm.” The Fourteenth Prince Gu-Yunsha frowned, "The main thing to break through the Dao Realm is talent and fortune, talent is enough, fortune is not enough, it's also futile.”


Luo Baiyue Eyes to the Sky and said: "The Dao Realm First Transformation, Accept Fasting, then one can cut off the fire and brimstone of the earth, eat air for a living, and draw the spirit of heaven and earth with a powerful spirit, and at that time, one's body will be without defilement, which is truly desirable.”


"Baiyue the Su Yin True Sutra that you are currently practice was created by the Ancient Su Maiden, Imperial Father surrendered to the Su Maiden Sect, obtained this sutra, and actually gave it to you to practice, and it seems that Imperial Father’s favor for you is still above many princes ah.” The Fourteenth Prince Gu-Yunsha's tone was quite jealous and said: "This Su Maiden Sutra is an imperial feat. The Ancient Son of Heaven Empress, an Ancient Son of Heaven Empress, and the Moyunjin that I cultivate is only an emperor's level.”


"I've heard that the Seventh Prince has recently been upgraded to the Dao Realm Eighth Transformation, the True Fire of Samadhi, and as long as he survives the True Fire of Samadhi, he can be repaired to the Ninth Transformation, the Jade Glazed Body, this kind of cultivation, the head of the prince bar.” Luo Baiyue asked rather profoundly and said: "The Dao Realm before the Ninth Transformation, Accept Fasting, Nine Oxen Two Tigers, Bronze Skin and Iron Bones, Swallowing Gold and Fossilize, Gathering Chakra in Hundreds Acupoints, Refine Qi Into Astral', Levitate and Soar, the True Fire of Samadhi, the Jade The interlocking links are the foundation of the Immortal Path. Once you achieve the Ninth Transformation the Jade Glazed Body, you will be free from disaster and disease, pure and unblemished, and live for three or five hundred years.”


"Hmph, the Seventh Prince is the Empress's own son, can be called a true son, do not know how many encounters and behind the cultivation of experts to reach that point, cultivation far beyond our righteousness. But the True Fire of Samadhi burning body, extremely sinister, many amazing and talented people have spontaneously combusted to ashes at this level.” Gu-Yunsha looked very ugly and said: "I don't believe he will succeed.”


 
Show menu
Read Novel Online Full Novel Bin
Novel  Dragon Talisman  Chapter 2 - What Is A Son of Heaven?
Dragon Talisman
C2 - What Is A Son of Heaven?

Chapter 2 - What Is A Son of Heaven?

Chapter 2: What is the Son of Heaven?


"So many books to read in a lifetime.”


Gu-Chensha sits casually on the floor reading a tattered volume, he is surrounded by heavy halls, scrolls piled up in each one.


This is the compilation of "the Skyseal Collection of Classical Writings". The place where the world’s books are piled up.


He was punished for three days for arranging the books.


The emperor flaunted his cultural and martial achievements, first, to open up the territory for martial purposes. The second is to compile books, that’s Wen-Rui.


The Skyseal began to gather countless learned scholars in four years to collect the world’s books and compile the canon.


Between these ten years, cartloads of books were hauled from all over the country to the capital and piled up in large palaces.


Of course all the valuable martial arts books and Daoist immortal chapters had been selected and collected into the secret place of the imperial family, and the rest were all miscellaneous books from the three religions.


Since it was the remaining ones that were picked, the books were neglected and grew wormy.


Although he was punished to come and sort the books for three days, a few little eunuchs wandered around the place and didn’t bother him.


He was casually reading a book, which was old source notes from a previous dynasty, describing cultivation and martial arts.


"Cultivation is divided into Mortal Realm and the Dao Realm. Mortal Realm has four levels, the First Glance, Enter Higher Level, Enlightenment Ascension, Peaking the Transformation. Further up, that is. Going further that is with martial arts, one will be stepping into the Dao Realm, with its Thirty Six Transformation.


E.g. the First Transformation ’Accept Fasting’, not eating the food of the world and drawing the spirit of heaven and earth to nourish the body.


the Second Transformation ’Nine Oxen Two Tigers’, the power of Nine Oxen Two Tigers all over the body.


The Third Transformation ’Bronze Skin and Iron Bones’, the power of swords and spears.


The Fourth Transformation ‘Swallowing Gold and Fossilize’ is an internal organ powerful as a furnace, and can melt if swallowed.


The Fifth Transformation ’Gathering Chakra in Hundreds Acupoints’, the body has 108 acupuncture points, which are very secret and cannot be reached by the qi, if one can cultivate the qi to fill the 100 acupuncture points, the whole body will be transformed. The Change.


the Sixth Transformation ‘Refine Qi Into Astral’’, after the spirit gathers a hundred tricks, the aura circulates in the body and gradually cultivates and grows to its limit, then it can spurt out, transforming into abstruse energy and issuing the Hundred Steps! And shatter people through the air. So-called abstruse qi, also known as true qi, is the meaning of truth.


The Seventh Transformation ‘Levitate and Soar’, True Qi grows again, surrounds the body, can hold up the body, stand in the air, and has the ability to fly for a short time.


The Eighth Transformation ’the True Fire of Samadhi’, true qi bulges throughout the body, creating an inner fire that burns from the inside out, inch by inch, melting the body.


The Ninth Transformation ’the Jade Glazed Body’, after the true fire refines the body, after the last stage, the whole body is crystal like glaze, no disease, long life of 300 to 500 years without death.


With deep cultivation, people develop all kinds of abilities, and the ancient sages recorded the changes in these cultivations to form the Thirty Six Transformation.


In the end, the Thirty Six Transformation is even able to ’regenerate severed limbs’, ’dripping blood’, ’immortality’ ’ Out of the Body Experience’, ’ Reincarnate in Someone Else’s Body’. ’Size as You Like’, ’Creation of the Void’, ’and Opening up the Cave’ then but that is the true immortal means....”


After reading this note, he closes it and whispers. "The Dao Realm changes are amazing, too bad I’m now a mediocre martial artist, just the First Glance. Never mind, these clichés aren’t much to look at.”


Throwing the notes down, he searches for the book again to read.


There have been many accounts of the Dao Realm’s the Thirty Six Transformation since the dawn of time, but very few people have ever practiced it.


He looked left, right, everywhere for a book, and suddenly tripped it, clattering.... A pile of books collapsed and dust enveloped him, mesmerizing his eyes.


"It’s really bad luck for people to choke on cold water.”


He was so busy sorting the broken book from the dust heap that he suddenly felt a difference in the touch of his hand.


"What kind of volume is this made of? Neither silk nor linen, nor skin?”


He pulls out a yellowing scroll from the corner, unable to read the name, with small holes moth-eaten everywhere, and small fonts, like flies.


What is the Son of Heaven? Only those who have gathered the knowledge of a certain family can be called sons, like the sons of the hundred schools of ancient times. He who gathers the knowledge of a certain school of thought can be called a son, as the ancient sons of the hundred schools. the Son of Heaven, however, is a collection of the Heavenly Dao, who holds the power of heaven in his hand, and whose mouth contains the constitution of heaven, and whose one thought is life and death, and whose all laws are by the heart, and who has enthroned the gods, this is the Son of Heaven; and the present emperor, who establishes his kingdom by conspiracy and murder, and governs mere mortals, is also called the Son of Heaven... .”


"So that’s what the Son of Heaven means!” Gu-Chensha read two lines from the notes of this unknown volume and found it interesting, "the Son of Heaven, that is, the Heavenly Dao incarnate, is indeed not comparable to an earthly emperor, an earthly emperor, who cannot be called the Son of Heaven at all, the Son, the Great Man of Learning, or even the ancestors who pioneered learning, such as the Fa family ancestor, called the Fa, and the Confucian ancestor, the Confucian. The Heavenly Dao ancestor is the Son of Heaven. The Son of Heaven’s strongest point is that it can enthrone the gods, and there were many true gods in ancient times, all of whom were enthroned by the Ancient Son of Heaven, and still enjoy incense to this day.”


Between thoughts, he continued on.


"In ancient times there was the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict, ordained by the heavens, a condensation of the essence of the Heavenly Dao, giving a glimpse of the opportunity for all beings to become the Son of Heaven, if only they could get the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict, by which to communicate with the heavens and gradually cultivate, can understand the Heavenly Dao......”.


Gu-Chensha sees this and closes the broken scroll, "the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict I know, and whoever can get it is the Son of Heaven, then the Rune Edict was lost and the Emperor replaced it with the Jade Seal. The four characters above the jade seal, commissioned by the heavens, are the script above the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict.”


The Emperor sacrifices to the Heavens, which begins with the words. "I, so-and-so, by the edict of the Skyseal, Prime Minister of the Heavens... ”


However, this talismanic edict has disappeared since the ancient times, and successive emperors were not actually appointed by the heavens, but merely used force and power to hold on to their thrones.


Now the Great Yong Dynasty Emperor Gu-Taixian, whose year is "the Skyseal". It means to find the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict, so as to become the Son of Heaven in name only.


"Take this book back with you.” He dusts it off, pockets the book, and turns back to the courtyard.


Right now he was only fourteen and had to live in a remote courtyard next to the palace.


And when he reaches adulthood at fifteen, he will be able to open a house and build a family with teeth, as well as registering a title and receiving fixed money and food, then life will be better.


Of course, with his status, if he wants to be crowned the Prince and the Regional Prince, don’t think about it, he has to be crowned the General of the Fourth Rank.


the Imperial court Imperial Clan title of Sub-Prince, the Regional Prince, the Duke of the First Rank, the Duke of the Second Rank, the General of the First Rank, the General of the Second Rank, the General of the Third Rank, the General of the Fourth Rank.


Only exceptionally favored princes are crowned at birth, while ordinary princes are first given a lower rank, not hereditary, and then decreasingly so.


His Little Yuanzi is on the far northern edge of the palace, with only two or three rooms, empty and with no visible serving maids or eunuchs.


He is not favored, and his monthly money is often withheld, not to mention the lack of maternal support, an unlucky man, who would follow him?


Unlike some princely matriarchs who are rich and generous, cultivating power and pervading the palace boudoir.


The courtyard was also cluttered. Weeds were everywhere, coming out of cracks in the stone slabs and swaying in the wind, and there were sparrows and other birds looking for grass seeds to eat.


At night fox badgers were out and snakes and insects were crawling.


The north side of the palace is sparsely populated, connected to a patch of woods and lakes, all eerie during the day and even more ghostly at night, making even the daring guards a little palpitating.


Gu-Chensha couldn’t care less, it’s much more serene to hide here and avoid trouble.


As soon as I entered the courtyard, there came a little eunuch with a big rooster in his hand, crowing, and immediately bent down when he saw him and said: "Nineteenth Master, there’s a chicken to eat today, the eunuch of the Shang Cuisine bought a lot of fresh vegetables today, and I’m at least sorry, but at last I’ve evened out a chicken for us.”


Gu-Chensha couldn’t be happier, he sighing and said: "Little Yizi, you’ve followed me so faithfully for so long, and I’ve given you no benefit of the doubt, and you’re still being bullied everywhere.”


This Little Yizi has been the only eunuch willing to follow him for years.


"Master mustn’t say that, I would have been nothing more than a mangy dog, only Master treats me like a human, how dare I be disloyal?” Little Yizi kneeled down in a row and said: “Master, this yard is too deserted, should we pull down the grass? Cleaned up and more comfortable to live in?”


"It is often said that a house cannot be cleaned without a house being cleaned, but I just let the place be desolate, so that people will think that I am as decrepit as death, so that there will be much less trouble.” Gu-Chensha is deep in the art of biding his time and said: "Get up.”


"Little one understands.”


Little Yizi stands up, cold hand slipping, and suddenly that big rooster takes off, lunging at Gu-Chensha.


Gobble gobble!


The chicken claw grabs the face hard.


In a panic, Gu-Chensha uses his hands to block, and the claws bloody chunks of skin off his hands.


Brush!


He drew a dagger from his sleeve and slashed the rooster’s neck with a "sweeping move". He slashed the neck of the rooster with his "Sweeping Thousands" move.


His martial arts skills are not common, but he has practiced hard, so he still has the strength to tie up chickens.


The rooster’s neck was cut, and the chicken’s blood spilled on his body.


"The little one deserves to die, the little one deserves to die!” Little Yizi is scared to death.


"Get up, this is nothing.” Gu-Chensha didn’t mind though and said: "You clean up and cook the big rooster, I’ll go to my room to bandage my wounds and change my clothes.”


His chicken blood is mixed with fresh blood, and he’s really unlikeable.


Go to your room and take off your clothes, barf! That book fell, and it was covered in blood, too, and there was a vague flash of light.


Gu-Chensha bends down to pick it up.


Hand just touched the book, bang! The top actually burned with green flames, the book had burned out, and a green scroll appeared, which was neither gold nor iron, neither silk nor linen, and had four words on it that seemed to soar like a bird.


"Ancient bird-shaped writing?” Gu-Chensha recognized it as the most mysterious writing in ancient times, birds could fly and communicate to the heavens.


The text makes a bird shape, that is, following the will of heaven.


"By order of the heavens! It’s! The Sacrificial Skyseal Edict!”


He stammered and couldn’t believe his eyes.


Because of the four words on that scroll, "By Order of Heaven."


Unexpectedly, this thing that the past emperors have been pursuing all their lives is hidden in the broken book.


With this talismanic edict, cultivate hard, and you can become the Son of Heaven.


Without this talisman, even if you have great power and vast territory, you are still the Emperor, not the Son of Heaven.


The Emperor is the Emperor, and the Son of Heaven is the Son of Heaven.


For the Emperor can only command mortals, and the Son of Heaven holds an edict to enthrone the gods!


The Son of Heaven seals the gods.


Only the gods who hold this edict and are enthroned are true gods, but otherwise they are false gods.


Even now, one of the Great Skyseal Emperor’s ten great deeds, "Abolishing the rituals of obscenity in order to enthrone the gods"..... Is only a purge of evil demons who were not enthroned by the Ancient Son of Heaven, rather than actually enthroning the true gods himself; he doesn’t have the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict.


The true authority of the Son of Heaven is not to govern mortals, but to enthrone the gods.


Otherwise, how could it be called the Son of Heaven?


Gu-Chensha put this away, his mood calming down from the initial excitement, and took a long breath and said: "The sacrificial artifacts, where the virtuous dwell, may not also need anything the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict.”


Just as it was being put away, a large rooster void suddenly appeared on the talismanic edict, flowing and inhaling it.


Buzz.... After the talismanic edict inhaled the great rooster shadow, an inexplicable warm flow passed out through the air and infused into Gu-Chensha’s body.


He couldn’t help but moan out, only to feel an increase in the strength of a rooster.


"The ancient historical records are true? Ancient human kings, killing a living creature to sacrifice a drop of blood on top of a talismanic edict to the heavens, you can gain the power of that creature?” It dawned on him.


He had just killed the great rooster, and that blood stained the broken book, and the rooster scratched himself with blood, which also stained and mixed together to form a small sacrifice.


This is tantamount to Gu-Chensha making a sacrifice to the heavens and naturally receiving a gift from the heavens.


The Sacrificial Skyseal Edict is thus inspired as well.


Gu-Chensha was a prince and followed the emperor’s sacrifice to the Heavens many times, but did not see any visions and the heavens did not give anything to the emperor, which is the reason why there is no the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict.


Without this talismanic edict, no one can communicate with the Heavens.


With the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict, Gu-Chensha has no intention of becoming emperor.


Besides, he doesn’t have any idea about the throne, and is currently in the living stage.


Gu-Chensha is after all a prince, these years, although pretending to be crazy, in fact, secretly read and study martial arts, martial arts limited to resources cannot progress, but read a lot.


I’m a prince, I have the pills and supplements that I should have gotten for practicing kung fu, but all of them have been withheld. Pray for the blessing of all the people, and repair to the divine power. But you can’t sacrifice to the Heavens in the palace, or you’ll be charged with a crime of practicing witchcraft and be given an ironclad death. It seems the only way to go is to hunt in the Southern Mountains.”


Witchcraft is most forbidden in the palace.


Gu-Chensha must never be caught in the act.


Nor did he think of offering up the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict.


If it were offered, it would surely be a sensation in the imperial court, and would also establish a capstone, and being crowned a prince would be a certainty, but what good would that do? You have no strength in yourself, and the Prince can be deprived at any time, and you can fight back when you are set up to give death by a single sentence?


It’s even possible that I’ll be impeached later on with a charge of concealing an artifact and plotting against the world.


“When I make use of the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict, I’ll first fix into the Dao Realm and become powerful so I won’t be at the mercy of others.”


 
Show menu
Read Novel Online Full Novel Bin
Novel  Dragon Talisman  Chapter 3 The Might of Wolves and Bears
Dragon Talisman
C3 The Might of Wolves and Bears

Chapter 3 The Might of Wolves and Bears

Chapter 3: The Strength of the Bear and Wolf


A ferocious wolf howls from the dense forest.


A giant grey wolf falls into a trap and is hoisted up in a net.


Gu-Chensha plunged a dagger into the throat of this giant wolf, blood spurting wildly and falling on the blue Sacrificial Skyseal Edict.


He cuts his own finger again, and the blood drops low.


A grey wolf shadow emerged on the surface of the Sacrificial and inhaled the blue light.


And deep within the talisman edict, strong power was poured directly into his body.


The sacrifice must be made with the blood of living creatures and one’s own blood, this was recorded in many ancient history books so that the gods would be able to determine to whom the power of sacrifice belonged.


Giggle!


Clothes instantly burst.


Ow....


Gu-Chensha growled like a giant wolf, his muscles coming to life like a python, swelling, twisting, rigid and powerful.


His entire body grew several times larger out of thin air, and his body, which had been somewhat thin, was tall and hidden.


This wolf’s strength was greater than that of a chicken.


An adult giant wolf may not be able to be fought by an idle strong man.


This is the Southern Mountain, the place where the royal disciples hunt.


The royal family has set aside hundreds of miles of land as hunting grounds, including countless fierce animals, and Gu-Chensha rarely come here for fear of being killed and ending up dead.


But after getting the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict, a sacrifice must be made to increase his power, and he can’t practice witchcraft in the palace.


In ancient times, fierce beasts roamed the land, devouring humans all day long. The Ancient Son of Heaven led the people to hunt down the beasts and offer sacrifices to the heavens for the blessing of the people, finally strengthening the human race.


The Ancient Son of Heaven led the people to kill the beasts and sacrifice them to the heavens to bless the people.


He was well read and knew that treasures and artifacts are only inhabited by those with virtue, and if virtue is not enough, the treasures will instead bring disaster. For example, if the emperor’s virtue is sufficient, then naturally the four seas will rise, but if it is perverse and the world is in chaos, then he will become the king of a fallen country.


He doesn’t know what kind of luck he has to get the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict, but he’s not so arrogant as to be able to master such an artifact.


This talisman is ordered by the heavens to command the four corners of the earth, and finally the Heavenly Dao will operate and enthrone the gods, how can this be a child’s play?


Black blood water was forced out of his pores, his flesh and blood seemed to have been re-calcined into fine steel by the iron slag that had been winnowed, the excess flesh in his body as well as the usual accumulated toxins were all discharged out of his body.


It took a full half-hour before he recovered, his mixed body lean and fierce, slightly squeezing his fists, his whole body tendons and bones exploding, stepping out, the ground sinking slightly.


Out palm sweep.


Ka-cha!


The bowl-thick small tree was actually broken.


His martial arts skills are already at Mortal Realm 2, Enter Higher Level.


He can be called "Warrior".


The so-called "Skilled", "Martial Scholar", is higher than the commoners.


If he achieves Warrior level, according to the emperor’s rules, the prince can be named the General of the First Rank.


This is the emperor’s rule, if a prince has accomplished martial achievements, he can also be conferred the title, if a prince is able to achieve the 4th level "Peaking the Transformation". If a prince is able to achieve the fourth level of "Peaking the Transformation", then he can be crowned as the Regional Prince if he achieves great merits.


First Glance. It’s nothing special, just a "Martial". It’s just a "Martial". The second "Enter Higher Level"... can be called Warrior. It’s called the Warrior. The triple "Enlightenment Ascension” that can be called Master, and the quadruple "Peaking the Transformation". That’s Grandmaster.


"It actually has the effect of felling the hair and cleansing the marrow.” He looked at the hands with delight and said: "There is precious the Washing Marrow Pill in the palace to improve the constitution, but how can I be rewarded? Now it seems like the power of the sacrifice is many times better than the Washing Marrow Pill.”


After taking the Washing Marrow Pill, I had abdominal pains like cramps, diarrhea for three days, extremely weak, then needed to take ginseng, velvet and other tonic medicine for three months, and then my body gradually became stronger.


But think about it, it’s the power of God, but it’s a relief.


The Washing Marrow Pill is precious, but how can it be compared to the power of God?


"Now that I am strong enough, I will be able to hunt bears, bears are the best sacrifices of old, and the ancient and illustrious tribe ’with bears’ is recorded in the history books, and with bears sacrifice to the Heavens, there is a great harvest.” Gu-Chensha is well versed in history books, recalls ancient tribal sacrifices, and decides to go bear hunting.


In the past, his martial arts skills were mediocre, and coming to hunt alone was inevitable, but now that Enter Higher Level, he’s bold.


The power of one wolf in his body is really not trivial, he moves swiftly, adding three points, and some of the body techniques that he couldn’t perform in the past are also operating freely.


Roar!


After shuttling for half an hour, his strength hadn’t failed, and if it had been before, he would have been out of breath.


A big roar came from ahead, he immediately hid in the bushes.


Inside the forest, there were actually two beasts fighting, a bear and a tiger.


"What luck, I’ve actually encountered this kind of thing?” He was delighted, recently really good fortune, everything is going well, now he is much stronger, but to deal with the tyrannical bears but also dangerous, if the tiger and bears fight each other injured, he went to take advantage of it, would not it be great?.


Sure enough, between the bear and the tiger wrestling, bruised and exhausted, the tiger barely managed to get up and step away, while the bear was panting heavily and unable to move.


"Good chance!” Gu-Chensha lunged out and took aim at the tyrannical bear, dagger slashing at the throat.


SLAP!


The tyrannical bear had the strength from nowhere to protrude the bear’s paw, like a martial arts master, and slap him on the shoulder, knocking him over.


Gu-Chensha’s eyes glazed over and he almost fainted, good thing he had just felled his hair and cleansed his physique, "Carp." Rolling over and leaping up, dagger stabbed out, "Hundred Paces”


The dagger strikes like an arrow.


Pfft!


The dagger plunged into Tempest’s eye.


The bear falls to the ground.


Gu-Chensha immediately begins to remove "the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict". And sacrifice the bear’s soul.


The sacrifice is to be slaughtered on the spot so that the soul can be sacrificed to the heavens through a talismanic edict, and thus receive a gift from the heavens. If time passes and the soul is gone, then it is meaningless.


Ah.....


At the moment of sacrificing off this violent bear, Gu-Chensha’s entire body was torn apart, his flesh and blood was turned over with great force, and it was as if his entire body had been put into a meat grinder, and I don’t know how long it took him to calm down.


When he woke up it was already dark, and he was busy checking his body, but fortunately all the wounds had disappeared, and his skin was delicate and shiny like porcelain.


It felt as if the snake had swallowed the entire cow and would not need to eat again all winter.


By intuition, he knew he couldn’t sacrifice anymore, or his body would have to explode.


It was imperative that he had to go back to practice his martial arts, digest his strength and improve his martial arts realm before he could come again.


Sacrifice is a forced infusion of power, Gu-Chensha’s body’s capacity to contain it has reached its limit, so it cannot be infused again.


"I now have the power of the chicken, wolf, and bear in my body, and purely physically, I am already as pure as a prince who has taken great tonic pills for many years, and even my veins and bones and blood are much purer, no matter how precious the medicine is, there is also medicinal poison remaining in my body, and the power of the heavens will not have any impurities. As long as you go back and practice your martial arts diligently, you will soon be able to break through the realm.” Gu-Chensha thought to herself.


With a strong body, practicing martial arts that water will come true.


Bang! Bang! Bang!


He leaps and punches in succession, hitting the trees, which have exploded and splintered wood.


Has the agility of a wolf and the composure of a bear.


The whole man is like a savage beast, rampaging.


"The bear and wolf are vigorous, truly not trivial!”


Gu-Chensha looked at his hands, knowing that he had leapfrogged ten years of other people’s hard work in just one day.


It’s dark, the palace gates have long been keyed off, there’s no going back, and it’s not right to stay in the mountains, not to mention the other beasts, the snakes, insects, rats and ants can’t stand it.


He is now much stronger, but he can’t do anything about the poisonous insects in the forest.


As for the prince’s hunting, it is not a sin to stay out at night.


The emperor encouraged the prince to learn martial arts and hunt, and every year he would be evaluated and the prince who excelled would be rewarded.


He went out all night without going into the city, so he rested at an inn outside the city, took a bath, changed his clothes, looked into a bronze mirror, and found that his temperament had indeed changed considerably, his eyes sparkling, his forehead glistening, his shoulders broad and thick, and he was deep and steady.


This is not a good thing, the palace is full of human beings, and how can you not see the change in temperament?


Good thing he’s been pretending to be crazy for years, but he has some skills, rehearsed a bit, and can also pretend to be nasty and stupid.


Busy all day, but he was comfortable, energetic, not at all tired, lying in bed, his eyes sparkling.


"I remember from many ritual books that going to the Ancient Son of Heaven sacrifice to the Heavens is not just about gaining power, for example, there was a the Ancient Son of Heaven who fought the demons and beheaded 9,000 great demon sacrifices, and the heavens actually Descend a divine sword.” Gu-Chensha pondered and said: "It seems to be looking for various sacrifices from among the history books.”


The power of the heavens to make everything, the entire world, the Sun Moon stars, the earth, mountains and rivers, were all made by this incredibly great divine power, so what’s impossible?


Ceremonial sacrifice is also a subject in the Prince’s study. The only thing that matters to the state is sacrifice and Ron. Gu-Chensha has also studied the various rituals and rituals of ancient times.


Sacrifice is the first means of gaining power, but if you master the proper rituals, you will be able to do anything you want.


There are records in the history books of people sacrificing to demons and gods to obtain gold and silver. There were even sacrifices to demons to obtain beautiful women.


There are a thousand strange and all sorts of things.


Those are not even up to the point where the lustful rituals are still so magical, let alone sacrifice to the Heavens.


Rituals often do not have a good outcome, by the devil, the history of the use of witchcraft sex ritual success almost no, all end up miserable.


Evil rituals do not have those disadvantages, upright, kill the beast sacrifice to the Heavens to the peace of the people, emulate the Ancient Son of Heaven morality, is the righteousness of man.


And the lustful rituals are all done with some cruelty like a child boy or girl.


Secondly, they use three animals and six animals.


But Gu-Chensha found all of these undesirable. The three animals have been domesticated by humans for many years and have done much work, so why would they be sacrificed? For example, if oxen work hard, plow the fields, and die to be eaten for their flesh, and if you have to sacrifice them and trade their souls, what’s the difference between them and evil spirits?


As for the fierce beast, which is evil in nature and devours mankind, it is different.


"What is an order of benevolence, righteousness, justice, and propriety? To repay virtue with virtue, to repay grievance with grievance, to reward good with good, to punish evil with grievance, the law is strict.” Gu-Chensha pondered the rituals of sacrifice with considerable insight, and seemed to have a lively mind, and such enlightenment was of great benefit to the martial arts.


A three months passed.


Gu-Chensha practiced kung fu in the mountains.


"Black Tiger Heartbreak!”


Punching like the wind, he hits the most common moves.


Repeatedly practicing, his mind is so clear that he can gradually turn the decay into magic.


Black Tiger Heartbreak is the simplest move, but also contains many variations, the focus is on the word "Dao". The emphasis is on the word "dig".


There’s "Dao Emptiness". "Dao Truth". "Dao Horizontal". "Dao Vertical". "Dao Top". "Dao Down". "Dao Yin". "Dao Yang"...


Playing this move with lightness and weight, with emptiness and falseness, with the flow of yin and yang, is the realm of Enlightenment Ascension, which can also be called the Martial Arts Master.


Gu-Chensha turned out to be nothing more than the First Glance, got the Bear Wolf vigorously, on Enter Higher Level and became Warrior.


Right now, after three months of hard training, I’m finally familiar with the power.


He made continuous leaps and bounds, stepping into the mortal realm triple "Enlightenment Ascension". He has become a Martial Arts Master.


 

Show menu
Read Novel Online Full Novel Bin
Novel  Dragon Talisman  Chapter 4 Jade Words of the Emperor
Dragon Talisman
C4 Jade Words of the Emperor

Chapter 4 Jade Words of the Emperor

Chapter 4: Golden Words


These three months, Gu-Chensha’s daily routine, in addition to continuing to act the fool, has been to practice martial arts and study the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict in the dead of night, while reading extensively on ancient texts.


"Huh? This is an interesting record in the history books. The Ancient Emperor built an altar with five-colored clay and put in more than ten kinds of medicinal herbs to kill tigers and wolves with a sacrifice to the Heavens to get the Tiger Wolf Pill, which the soldiers took and they were all incredibly strong. Gets its name. Also, there’s taking a coin, putting it in a copper basin, and then sacrificing it with the blood soul of a green water vessel, that basin will be filled with the same gold coin. Another example is to set up a small gong formation, put a sword into it, and then slay the white tiger sacrifice, that sword will be sharpened like iron, I don’t know if that’s feasible.”


Lying on his bed after martial arts practice, Gu-Chensha looked at many history books, among which were both formal and wild histories.


Among the histories, there are chapters on rituals and rituals.


In addition to this, there is a "the Skyseal Collection of Classical Writings". In "The Ministry of Rites”.


The Skyseal Collection of Classical Writings, which is all-embracing, and contains all the books of ancient and modern history, is the first book of its kind, and at present it is not even a tenth of a book.


He wanted to find references to the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict in it, and how to use them.


As it turns out, there is a lot of stuff written about the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict in the ancient history books.


But it’s hard to tell if it’s true or not, and he needs to keep testing it.


And the way of sacrifice is never that simple, one also needs to know the five elements of yin and yang, the reversal of formations, and know the timing, location, and harmony of heaven and earth.


"I’ve almost digested the power in these three months, it looks like I can perform a sacrifice to the Heavens again to increase my strength, and this time I’ll go hunting tigers and experiment with obtaining other items through the ritual.”


In a span of three months, from "the First Glance". Directly to "Enlightenment Ascension", it’s a miracle.


Even a favored prince, supported by all kinds of pills and having the best cultivation secrets, needs ten years of hard training, how can a Martial Master be a child’s play?


Packing up his bags, he’s off hunting again.


These days, he has digested the Bear Wolf’s strength, and can now go one step further and hit the Grandmaster level.


The palace "Palace of Qinzheng”.


A few ministers stand respectfully, eunuchs in soft cotton-soled shoes wait outside, landing silently.


Inside the temple copper crane beak burned out of the Lanxiang smell, not dense, if there is nothing, people smell after a hundred times more energetic, smoke clouds rose to the top of the temple, actually formed a dragon and tiger-like smoke shape...


This is the most expensive "Dragon and Tiger Incense". It is rumored that it is made from the fossilized flesh of the Ancient Great Jiao Gall blended with the mutated Golden Tiger Gall True Musk, and when it burns, ordinary people can get rid of illnesses and prolong their lives, and open their wisdom.


There is only one person in the commonwealth who can use this, and that is the Great Skyseal Emperor Gu-Taixian.


No one else dares to use this incense even if they have it, it is a forbidden item, and when it is found out it is greatly disrespected and the family is confiscated.


Gu-Taixian did not wear a dragon robe, dressed casually in blue silk, hair bound with a jade crown, tall, giving people the feeling of supporting the firmament, but his face is not dignified, but amiable, not like an emperor, but like a man-child who teaches the world.


"Your Majesty, the civil lewd rituals have been cleaned up, and the righteous gods previously enthroned by the Ancient Son of Heaven have been erected, yet there are still some ambitious people who secretly worship evil gods and demons in bits and pieces, and if they are not careful, they will resurface.” A minister said: "I am foolish, and cannot eradicate it once and for all.”


The minister is middle-aged, fierce-looking, extremely fierce, a pair of eagle eyes as stern as a knife, showing that he is decisive and decisive, a powerful role.


This look is not a scholar, but the head of the army specializing in penal inspection.


"The Marquis of Bixie need not blame himself, the matter of defeating obscenity rituals is something that all the dynasties have been unable to completely prohibit, although I have the ambition to purge the evil demons for the heavens and the earth, and the eternal clarity for all the world, but it is not an overnight achievement.” Gu-Taixian appeased the minister while reviewing the memorials.


He has a habit of speaking and does not like to address himself as "Zhen”. But I.


In addition, he did not use the written language when he read the memorials; he spoke in the vernacular, simple and clear.


His ministers were also used to this way of doing things.


This emperor is also a legend, when he was an illegitimate son of the folk, he did not have a share of the throne, but the rise of a different army, seize the first wife success, is simply against the sky, the degree of difficulty is not less than a change of dynasty, the Imperial court among the purge, after the ascension of the throne a few big cases down, tens of thousands of people were killed, hundreds of thousands of people in exile, finally the voice of opposition to suppress.


"Cleaning up obscene rituals is the most important part of ruling the country, and throughout the ages, it has been evil demons who have taken advantage of natural disasters to compel people and scourge the world, and if the famished people alone had rebelled, it would have been easy to suppress and pacify them, but there were evil spokesmen among the famished people to preach and subvert the Imperial court with evil doctrines and sophistry, and the society would have been in jeopardy. “


Gu-Taixian approved three words of "Got it" on an unimportant memo... And went to look over the other memos.


"The Emperor is holy.”


The Marquis of Bixie is the Minister of War, overseeing the Ministry of Justice, as well as the Commander of the Iron Blooded Guards, purging the world of bandits and evil cults, even capturing and arresting law-breaking officials, and monitoring the words and actions of the Imperial court’s ministers, the sharpest ’knife’ of the Imperial court. ’ and said: "In addition, I have something else to report, recently on the rivers and lakes, there are vaguely the Xian Dynasty remnants active, I have been closely investigating, but I have not caught the remnants, this is my dereliction of duty.”


"The Xian Dynasty Remnant?” Gu-Taixian put down his pen, but did not move and said: "This is to be expected, back when the Xian Dynasty was annihilated, the royal bloodline was killed cleanly, but there were a few powerful people loyal to the royal family, such as the Imperial Master Wen Hong who were not ambushed. But the world is settled, people are at peace, the Hundred Kingdoms have been destroyed, and a few remnants can’t turn over any great waves.”


"Yes!” The Marquis of Bixie has finished playing the matter, so stand aside and let another minister play the matter.


"The Duke of Yuan, you go first.” Gu-Taixian.


The Duke of Yuan Lou Chongxiao was dressed in court clothes, graceful, with starry eyes and a bright forehead. He does not have the fury of the Marquis of Bixie, but rather the air of a prime minister, with the ability to command a hundred officials.


"Actually, I am playing private business today.....” Lou Chongxiao hesitated and said: "However, this is also a matter of state... Last time, the Empress all said that my youngest daughter has become an adult, and I hope that the Seventh Prince and my youngest daughter can.....”


"This thing.” Gu-Taixian pondered and said: "This is a private matter, but it involves my son, but it is also a matter of state. Baiyue is very spiritual, and carries the bloodline of a plain girl, her future is boundless, and the state will have to use her greatly in the future. I have long since decreed that the women of the world can also learn martial arts and literature, and she can serve as an example. Gao Ling, you come in.”


A eunuch came in without a sound, and knelt on the ground; he walked like a ghost, and stood almost without a shadow, not like a body of flesh and blood, but like a ghostly spirit.


This was the Chief Eunuch of the Six Palaces, Gao Ling, and the Great Skyseal Emperor’s personal eunuch.


"Pass the decree down to reward Luo Baiyue with three Great Pills of Essence, a pair of Ice Cold Chi Armor, and the Fire Sword.” Gu-Taixian gave the decree.


Pfft!


Lou Chongxiao kneels down in a row and said: "Please, Your Majesty, withdraw your accomplished order, such a heavy reward, little girl can never afford it.”


That Essence Great Pill is a royal alchemist who collects precious herbs, mixes them with pure essence, and it takes ten years to refine a single furnace, the grains are so precious that even an idle prince can’t get it.


As for the Cold Chi Ice Armor, it is rumored that it is made from the cold ice the Chi Dragon scales that live in the North Sea, and when you wear it, your whole body is wrapped, like a dragon god possessing a body. The Free Fire Sword is a special fire metal, holding this sword, you can slash any mortal soldier, the sword is more searing power, burned, often and people hands, three moves or two, the enemy will be reduced to ashes.


The Off Flame Sword is difficult for even a Martial Grandmaster to handle, but after wearing the Ice Armor with a cold chi dragon, it can exert its full power.


Once the reward was given, even the other ministers were taken aback and felt that it was too heavy, even a prince who had achieved great feats for the country might not be able to receive such a reward.


"How can my reward be withdrawn?” Gu-Taixian smiled.


"Then I will thank Your Majesty’s great kindness on behalf of my youngest daughter.” Lou Chongxiao kowtows again.


"That’s good, you mentioned marriage just now, what did Baiyue herself mean?” Gu-Taixian stood up.


"Parents’ orders, matchmaker’s words, marriage matters, which daughter’s family makes their own decisions.” Lou Chongxiao crawled to the ground.


"I am revolutionizing the world and sweeping away the decadence of ten thousand years, the marriage of a man and a woman making their own decisions is also one of them.” Gu-Taixian walked and said: "I said, let Baiyue make her own decisions on this matter, which son of mine she likes, the two of them will be close and intimate first, if the two love each other, how about I fulfill it?”


"The Emperor.”


All the ministers heard this "I” word, they all immediately knelt down, they knew that this great emperor was about to make an important decision, because Gu-Taixian usually call me, and when they call me, that is a decision that cannot be changed!


"The Emperor of All Ages, if Baiyue knew about this, he would be grateful to work for the Imperial court.” Lou Chongxiao said aloud.


"By the way, my The Nineteenth Prince’s name is Gu-Chensha.” Gu-Taixian speaks very slowly and said: "He is now fourteen years old and approaching adulthood, you the Lou family broke the Xian Dynasty back then and got the town book the Giant Spirit God merit to me first, now take it out from the secret library and let Baiyue give it to Little Nineteenth to cultivate and practice. The two of them can also be close and intimate.”


"What?” Lou Chongxiao almost thought he had heard wrong, he never expected that the Emperor would make this decision.


Although it was "close and intimate” , it’s almost as good as giving a wedding.


Gu-Chensha disaster relief, the joke of how the people don’t eat meat when they have no food has spread throughout the court.


But he didn’t dare to argue that the Great Skyseal Emperor never changed what he decided, and although the Lou family was called "Lou the Almost Imperial family". , the power of the Emperor, but if he disobeys the order, with a single word, the Emperor can crush his family to pieces!


"I received the order, thank you.”


Lou Chongxiao is trembling with fear.


He was formidable and unfathomable in front of any, holding great power, a thousand heads on a single word, but in front of the Emperor, he was still a lackey.


"What exactly does the emperor mean by this?” His mind raced with thoughts and said: "How could Baiyue and The Nineteenth Prince be allowed to get close?”


He was thinking a lot, trying his best to figure out what the emperor meant.


Gu-Taixian walked at a pace, but ignored Lou Chongxiao and instead asked the other minister and said: "Minister Wen, how is the national ban on gold and silver and the issuance of paper currency going?”


The Minister of Literature is also the Imperial court heavy minister, a ranking official, but an old man.


His face resembles a walnut skin, and he is so old, but his eyes are glazed. Other courtiers did not dare to breathe in the face of the Great Skyseal Emperor, but he was relaxed and said: "The matter is proceeding quite smoothly, and the country’s major merchant houses have agreed to exchange their own stores of gold and silver for the paper money issued by the Imperial court.”


He and Lou Chongxiao are both prime ministers, but one man and one woman.


"I’m afraid it’s not that optimistic.” Gu-Taixian was expressionless and said: "Those hundred-year-old families, thousand-year-old families have become accustomed to hiding gold and silver treasures, they don’t believe in the Imperial court’s paper money at all, they think it’s a piece of scrap paper, it looks like they’ll have to move the knife to wake up, the world now is not the same as it used to be.”


Boom!


Suddenly lightning thundered outside and heavy rain poured down.


 
Show menu
Read Novel Online Full Novel Bin
Novel  Dragon Talisman  Chapter 5 Python’s Migh
Dragon Talisman
C5 Python’s Migh

Chapter 5 Python’s Migh

Chapter 5: The Power of the Great Python


Ka-chow!


The hard rosewood table was clawed alive by the palm of the hand.


The palm is tender and onion-watery, but it has terrifying destructive power.


"How did this happen.” Luo Baiyue’s eyebrows are filled with fury.


"The ruler wants the minister to die, but the minister has to die.” Lou Chongxiao was also quite helpless, "This is the emperor’s will, once the golden tongue is opened, and who can oppose it.”


"That The Nineteenth Prince is an idiot, how can my sister be close to him, and what will the other princes think when word gets out!” The young man next to him who was about 20 years old was also very angry, he was Luo Baiyue’s first brother Luo Zhixing, the leader of the young generation in the dynasty, who had already made great achievements, and also had a baronial position as well.


"Yes, my lord, shall I go to the palace and beg the Empress? For Gu-Chensha, the Empress has always disliked it as well, and the Empress has always wanted Baiyue to marry the Seventh Prince, knowing that the Seventh Prince is of the first blood, the one who has the best hope of inheriting the reign later.” Next to her, a woman also shed tears with her daughter, she was the Duke of Yuan’s main wife and Luo Baiyue’s mother.


She often went to the palace to walk around and talk with the harem maiden, and had contacts in many parts of the palace boudoir.


"It’s useless, this is the will of the Emperor, and it is impossible to change what is said.” Lou Chongxiao shook his head and said: "The current emperor is dictatorial and majestic, if you do it this way, you are clearly defying the decree, right now we the Lou family are making a lot of gains in the court, many families are dissatisfied, the slightest attack, I’m afraid we will raid the family and exterminate the family, accompanying the ruler like riding a tiger.”


"What about that?” This life woman’s gaze grew vicious and said: "Or else...... Baiyue just strategized in secret and let the other princes put that boy to death?”


"Confused!” Lou Chongxiao cursed and said: "Who is the Emperor? There’s not a single thing that can be hidden from him under the heavens. You think he won’t know about these little gestures? How many years have I been with the Emperor? How many princes, ministers, and generals have had their homes raided, all of whom have lost their favor to untoward misfortune. Even if that The Nineteenth Prince is no longer favored, he is still a prince and dares to plot, even if he does it seamlessly and without evidence, as long as the emperor has this lump in his heart, we the Lou family are in great trouble.”


"What exactly does the Emperor mean?” Luo Zhixing gritted his teeth and said: "The reward is so heavy, yet you let your sister get close to that fool. I can’t even fathom it.”


"Actually, things aren’t as bad as they seem.” Luo Baiyue calms down and said: "I see the Emperor has a double meaning, we the Lou family are already the Lou the Almost Imperial family, if I’m allowed to marry some favored prince, it will break the balance among the princes and be close to the Seventh Prince, and I will become the Empress in the future, then Wouldn’t it be even more difficult to constrain the Lou family to become a foreign relative? Let me get close to that kid but it means to constrain our Lou family.”


"What about the second meaning?” Luo Zhixing asked.


"Of course let’s keep an eye on that kid, he’s of the Xian Dynasty bloodline and is a valuable pawn for those legacies of the Xian Dynasty.” Luo Baiyue analyzed and said: "The Giant Spirit God Kung Fu is the Xian Dynasty royal family’s skill, and the Xian Dynasty royal family is the bloodline of the ancient the Giant Spirit God, if a member of the Xian Dynasty royal family cultivates this bloodline, there is minimal A chance to awaken the Giant Spirit bloodline, powerful and possessing many wonders. His Majesty’s will let the boy cultivateand see what happens to his bloodline.”


"Inspiring the Giant Spirit God’s bloodline where does that come from? The Xian Dynasty royal family hasn’t produced someone to inspire the Giant Spirit God’s bloodline in a hundred years.” Luo Zhixing shook his head "If someone who inspires the Giant Spirit God bloodline appears, our Great Yong Dynasty may not be able to exterminate the Xian Dynasty, knowing that the ancient the Giant Spirit God has been through. The true gods that the Ancient Son of Heaven has enthroned cannot even be revoked by the Emperor’s current training, unless he gets the legendary the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict.”


"May the Emperor get the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict and become the true Son of Heaven, completing the unprecedented hegemony, so that we, who are vassals, may be enthroned and immortalized.”. Lou Chongxiao sat flat on all fours and said: "So, we have to keep up with the Emperor’s footsteps, and we’ll do whatever the Emperor says.”


"This matter still needs to be discussed in detail, if we get close to that kid, it will cause the other princes to isolate us the Lou family, even though it is the emperor’s will, but it might not be possible to be attacked by the villain, sowing righteousness.” Luo Zhixing had great concerns and said: "The Empress’s meaning cannot be disrespected, the Seventh Prince has been interested in you for a long time, and if he ascends to the throne in the future, our Lou family fear great trouble.”


"Ascendancy?” Luo Baiyue turned his head and asked: "Father, you followed the emperor for nearly twenty years, back when he was still in exile, you can be said to know a lot about him, do you know what kind of cultivation the emperor is in now?”


"The Emperor’s cultivation is unfathomable, and I’m afraid he can already reverse life and death.” Lou Chongxiao looked pale.


"That’s right, we have only to do as we are told.” Luo Baiyue’s tone was hard and said: "The Lou family has always been self-reliant and does not need to rely on any prince, and I, Luo Baiyue, will not marry the Seventh Prince because of the benefits. Imitate the Emperor, but without the Emperor’s broad-mindedness.”


"What do you mean, daughter?” Lou Chongxiao knows that this daughter has many ways, a strong character, never gives in, and moreover is loved by the emperor and said:


"Everything is false, only strength is true, my priority is to repair into the Dao Realm.” Luo Baiyue Dao and said: "Although the Imperial court is now unified, but the demon barbarians have not yet been destroyed, otherwise, the Emperor would not have mobilized manpower and resources to build the Great Stone Wall, which stretches for 100,000 miles, if I cultivate the Dao Realm in a short time, apply to the Imperial court to go to the border as a general and kill the demon barbarians, but To be able to get away from the right and wrong of the capital, after all, the emperor is only on me and that boy close, and did not give the decree to marry. The emperor has the determination to sweep away the decadence of ten thousand years and open the prosperity of a thousand ages, and will not break his word if he says he will let me choose for myself.”


"Fixing the Dao Realm is the difference between the immortals and the mortals, how easy it is.”. Lou Chongxiao shook his head and said: “This father has been cultivating hard for forty years, and it was only through a strange encounter that he occasionally obtained the ’Dematerialization Pill’ made by the Ancient High Priest that he stepped into the Dao Realm five years ago, knowing full well that it is difficult, there is no way you can cultivate it in a short period of time.”


"Things are what they are.” Luo Baiyue looked determined.


South Mountain Hunting Grounds, a gorge with a gurgling stream, also oozing spring water tinkling among the rocks twice, moss dappled.


The atmosphere in the mountain valley was peaceful, but the sound of hissing ruined everything.


It was a large snake, as thick as a man’s leg and four or five feet long, spitting out red letters and eyeing Gu-Chensha.


Gu-Chensha, dagger in hand, crouches like a toad, gathering strength in his body as he prepares to fight for his life.


He came hunting again in the Southern Mountains, and was going to fight the Tiger Wolf sacrifice to get the Tiger Wolf Pill.


But the Tiger was nowhere to be found, instead encountering this ferocious snake in the canyon.


He doesn’t dare to take it lightly, this snake is much more powerful than the Tigers, and is a vicious creature that has no problem swallowing living people alive.


Whoosh!


The serpent coiled into a snake formation, but the head bit in, quick as an expert sword fighter, and the fetid stench was sickening.


Gu-Chensha moved to the side in succession, an ordinary but effective technique.


According to his previous skills to encounter this vicious snake, he would definitely be buried in the snake’s belly, but now he has the strength of the bear and wolf, and has digested, martial arts "Enlightenment Ascension". Becoming a Master, dodging the snake’s mouth is no big deal.


Kill!


His dagger glows, arcs, and cuts seven inches into the serpent with a "rhinoceros looking at the moon".... move to slice the serpent seven inches.


This is also a basic martial art of the royal family, practiced well, very practical.


The serpent’s head actually retracted and its tail flicked back.


Gu-Chensha sensed the danger and did his entire body’s best to leap out further to the side.


Bang!


The rocks on the ground were cracked by the snake’s tail, gravel splattered, and if I hadn’t dodged in time, I would have been hit with a brain fracture.


"This snake is profoundly skilled at attacking, no wonder the ways of martial arts are comprehended from animals, I wrestled with this snake, and it seems that my comprehension of the Snake Fist has deepened.” Gu-Chensha encountered danger one after another, but his heart became more and more free.


Boom!


He leaps up again, body like an ape, dagger glowing cold and cutting in hard.


The fierce snake strikes left and right, trying to bite Gu-Chensha, but never succeeds, and instead gets bruised all over his body by the dagger, gradually losing his ferocity.


"Rampage!”


Gu-Chensha’s internal breath flowed freely, and with a long whistle, he actually chopped off the vicious snake’s head.


Although the head had been cut off, the snake’s mouth was still open and its body was still writhing.


At this time Gu-Chensha took out the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict and applied the snake’s blood and her own blood on it, offering the snake’s soul to the heavens.


The ferocious snake distortion immediately ceased, its shadow appeared on the talismanic edict and was pulled into unfathomable space-time, and having received the sacrifice, the depths of that space-time were once again powerful!


After three rituals, Gu-Chensha was ready, standing like a circle with his hands clasped behind his back, which is the mother style of the fist, the holding-qi style, adjusting the qi and blood, combing the meridians, generating stability in stillness.


Sure enough, his body was filled with power, his blood vessels were purple, large earthworm-like gnarled, and his veins were like iron clothes, covering his whole body, as if he had put on an "iron cloth". He seemed to have cultivated his "Iron Cloth" to the highest level of Kung Fu.


The power of the serpent, far greater than that of the tiger, and the proceeds of the sacrifice caused Gu-Chensha to experience unprecedented pain, feeling only that the tendons and veins of his body were breaking, and that his organs were about to explode, and that he was not conscious.


But he knew that this was a sign of the refining of the form and marrow, cannot stand still, to operate this power, flowing throughout the body, according to his own fist, the power up and down, this is called "marrow washing". This is called "washing the marrow".


Right now, he endured the pain and struck the royal family’s basic boxing style, "Black Tiger Heartbreak". "Sweeping Thousands” "Rhinoceros Looking at the Moon” "Hundred Steps Through the Yang” "Cross Link”...


The strokes became faster and faster, the power in my body was released with the strokes, gradually flowing with the fist, and suddenly, a loud sound, like a sea of rivers, all returned to my dantian.


"That was close!” Awake, Gu-Chensha sweat all over, knowing that the ferocious snake’s power is so great that he simply can’t absorb it, if not for the fact that he just emitted some of his power out through his fist, I’m afraid that this time he would really have to burst his body and die, and it seems that he can’t offer sacrifices indiscriminately.


Fortunately, after three months research, I read many ancient sacrificial texts, from which I deduced the insights, borrowing sacrifices to train the fist, using the fist to cast the body.


Hey!


He was now slightly transported, and his fist, black and blue as iron, struck the rock so hard that it actually cracked in five parts.


Pleased to see his hands and said: "I’m afraid I’m now as strong as a Grandmaster of Mortal Realm IV, Peaking the Transformation, but my stamina use and martial cultivation is not as good as a Grandmaster.”


There is a limit to the Grandmaster’s power, about three cows, even if the Grandmaster is gifted and born with divine power, up to five cows!


That’s the limit of the human body, unless one steps into the Dao Realm and is able to absorb the spirit of heaven and earth, cut off from the fires of the earth, nourish the flesh with the spirit, and get rid of the bones, in order to raise the limit and reach the power of Nine Oxen Two Tigers.


Now that Gu-Chensha has sacrificed Chicken, Wolf, Bear, and Python, the combined power is almost four bulls, fully comparable to Grandmaster’s top characters.


Unfortunately, he doesn’t have enough martial arts training and still lacks the understanding to Peaking the Transformation.


In the next time, sacrifice is no longer useful, it’s up to him to hone his martial skills, cultivate a more profound martial art, and round out the changes. Only then can he truly become a Grandmaster.


Whoosh!


He leaps up, as agile as an ape, and scurries toward the slippery cliff.


In half a teaspoon, he reaches the top of the cliff, perched on top of it, eyes looking around for his next prey. He will kill the Tiger Wolf sacrifice to gain the Tiger Wolf Pill.


According to the ancient history books, the Tiger Wolf Pill sacrifice is still easy to obtain.


 
Show menu
Read Novel Online Full Novel Bin
Novel  Dragon Talisman  Chapter 6 Tigerwolf Pill
Dragon Talisman
C6 Tigerwolf Pill

Chapter 6 Tigerwolf Pill

Chapter 6: the Tiger Wolf Pill


"Snowflake Covered Top!”


Gu-Chensha struck down with both palms, knocking another fierce tiger unconscious.


The fierce tiger was huge, yellow, with deep fangs, full of blood, and had just hunted a wild goat; seeing Gu-Chensha appear, he also jumped at it to eat it, but he defeated it with his bare hands.


After knocking out the tiger, Gu-Chensha took the five-colored earth and built a small altar.


Five-colored clay is everywhere, but without much effort, now the heavenly altar of sacrifice to the Heavens in the capital is a five-colored clay building.


Once the altar is built, Gu-Chensha takes out the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict, and also places the prepared herbs on the altar. Those herbs are not rare things either, right now the Great Yong Dynasty capital city is commercially developed and can be bought by anyone with money.


Although he was being withheld everywhere, he had more or less a few savings, and was able to afford to buy a few herbs that weren’t very precious yet.


These herbs are just primers to change the power of the ritual and condense the pills.


On the altar, there’s also a wolf that knocked out the past.


Draws a dagger and kills the tiger-wolf, letting the blood drip on top of the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict.


This time, he didn’t drip his own blood.


Sure enough, the tiger-wolf’s soul is absorbed, in which it pours out vigorously, but encounters a small gust of herbs and the five-colored earth altar’s small change in atmosphere and spins in place.


Zizi Zizi.....


As if the water was being boiled, Gu-Chensha saw a green-colored yuan qi creeping around the altar, eventually burning into a great fire.


In the midst of the great fire, a pill eventually condensed.


Green as jade.


"It did work, it’s the Tiger Wolf Pill, and after a person eats it, their strength increases so much that I can give my loyal subordinates a strength boost even though I don’t need it!”


Gu-Chensha’s heart rejoices.


Ancient the Tiger Wolf Pill, finally being brought together through the ritual.


That simple few herbs is like ordering tofu plaster. Without the scent of a few herbs to interfere with the ritual power, the tiger-wolf’s giant power would have dissipated in the air, wasted for nothing.


He doesn’t drip his own blood, and the ritual power doesn’t surge through him, so of course it’s returned to the void.


Getting the Tiger Wolf Pill, he jogs back to the palace and just enters the courtyard, where Little Yizi is standing in the doorway with a bruised nose and missing teeth and a leaky speech.


“This lord, you’re finally back.” He wept.


"What’s going on here?” Gu-Chensha was furious, but also deep and unmoving, and he knew that the young eunuchs and maidens around him were often beaten, and even he was sometimes beaten by the prince, which was a common occurrence.


So all the maids and eunuchs who followed him were beaten and tried to be transferred away through the door, preferring to empty the toilet rather than follow him, so he had a different crop of maids and eunuchs around him, and only Little Yizi was loyal and faithful.


He had also suspected that Little Yizi was an undercover agent sent by someone else, but after years of observation and keeping an eye on the details, he realized that the person was genuine.


"Master! You still don’t know?” Little Shunzi stared at him. "I heard the news from the inner palace that Master is about to come of age, the Emperor bestowed Luo Baiyue on Master, and now Master is already jealous of all the princes and almost all of them want to kill him, I was going to the Shang Cuisine eunuch to get some food for Master today, and I just happened to meet Xiao Duozi, the eunuch under the Seventh Prince, who dumped me and beat me up right then and there. “


"What? Give Luo Baiyue to me in marriage?” Gu-Chensha was shocked and said: "No way, is it a rumor?”


Luo Baiyue’s the pride daughter, some ministers even consider her the best candidate for future Empress, and she herself is high-minded and arrogant, seeing the men of the power world as nothing.


Of course this is still secondary, mainly because this woman is very hostile to him, or because of his own Xian Dynasty bloodline.


"The news from the inner court is that the Duke of Yuan asked for a marriage, and the emperor has asked Luo Baiyue to be close to his master first. Master, if it were any other prince, this would be a good thing to ask for, but for Master that would be a great misfortune, and Master would have to fight to the death to resign in order to keep peace for a lifetime ah.” Little Yizi’s voice trembled.


"I know about this matter, it’s just a matter of closeness, there’s no real decree to give the marriage, there’s no need to make a fuss, and we’ll just wait and see what happens.” Gu-Chensha settles down and said: "If this is Imperial Father’s intention, then I’m afraid I can’t resign it, besides I’ve been pretending to be a fool for so long that I should act cheerful when I hear about it rather than going to resign it immediately, and if I do so, anyone would know that I’m biding my time and be even more wary of me. The only thing to do at the moment is to continue to play the fool.”


"I was afraid....” Little Yizi is still trembling.


"What are you afraid of, you come in with me.” Gu-Chensha returns to the room first and takes out the Tiger Wolf Pill and said: "Little Yizi, you take this medicine.”


"Yes!” Little Yizi didn’t hesitate, nor was he afraid that it was poison, and took it and swallowed it.


A moment later, Little Yizi’s cyan energy emerged, wrapping around his entire body, moving in and out of his seven apertures.


The force reshaped his body, and his breath suddenly changed, and he was replaced by the fearless "Tiger and Wolf Master". He was replaced by the fearless "Tiger and Wolf" of the battlefield....


The breath calmed down, Little Yizi looked at the hands, and eyes dazed, and felt the inexhaustible power in their body and said: "What is this? I feel like a different person.”


"Don’t worry about it, just know that you have tremendous strength now, and you can practice martial arts with half the effort.” Gu-Chensha looked around and said: "And keep your mouth shut about today.”


"Yes!”


"And you go and get some green money, remember they must be alive.”


"Yes!”


Green water-beetle is a kind of insect, folklore smears its blood on the money, the money after spending, it will fly back automatically, so the money is also known as "green water-beetle” That’s why the nickname of money is "green money".


This is a legend, because some people have tried it, but it doesn’t work.


The Great Yong Dynasty has started issuing paper money now, but if you have gold or silver, you can still go to the National Money Bank and exchange it for paper money, and then circulate it.


Ancient history records that using the green money sacrifice can obtain gold and silver, Gu-Chensha is about to try, his monthly money was deducted severely, stretched to the limit, if he can really sacrifice out gold and silver, then no longer lack of money to spend.


There will be more money to spend on opening the government and building teeth.


Little Yizi was quite capable, and the next day was waiting at the inn with a cloth bag carrying the green water-beetle.


The green-beetle thing resembles a cicada or a butterfly, and can be found everywhere.


"You go ahead and keep an eye outside so that no one notices me.” Receiving the green water-beetle, Gu-Chensha commanded.


"Yes.” Little Yizi went out and looked around.


For his part, Gu-Chensha took the large copper basin, in which a gold particle the size of a broad bean was placed; he had saved up for so many years, and the gold for the bottom was still there.


Took out the green worm, took blood with a needle, and applied it to the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict.


Bang!


A golden stream of air appears in the copper basin, flowing slightly but not flying out, and instead settles inside the basin, eventually becoming the same golden particle.


"It’s actually real?” Gu-Chensha was overjoyed.


He was about to kill the green-beetle sacrifices inside the bag one by one to become golden particles, but when he saw the insects inside mourning, squeezing into a ball and yelling, he was moved with compassion and said: "The first thing you need to know about the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict is that it’s not just about the money, it’s about the people. “


He shook his head and let go of all these green monies.


After doing this, suddenly he felt a lot more open-minded.


"Master, the hour has come, let’s return to the palace early, otherwise we won’t be able to get in under the palace gate and have to sleep in the inn again, money can cost a lot.” Little Yizi spoke softly outside.


"Fine.” Gu-Chensha nodded, since Little Yizi had taken the Tiger Wolf Pill, his strength had increased many times over and she was doing things cleanly, how much easier it would be to have a few more subordinates like that.


The two left the inn and entered through the north gate of the palace.


The north gate is a side gate, specifically responsible for transporting vegetables, chickens, ducks, fish and live pigs and sheep into the palace, but also responsible for transporting the garbage out of the palace, the most filthy, but generally slightly respectable eunuchs and courtesans do not enter the palace through the north gate, but Gu-Chensha’s courtyard is located in the north of the palace, so I have to enter and exit from here.


This is also where the powerful people in the palace insulted him.


Walking through the north gate and going in all directions, like the Eight Trigrams, there are links to the imperial dining room, the purchasing bureau, the treasury, the house, the manufacturing division, etc., and even an old man who has spent ten years in the palace would get lost.


Gu-Chensha had no idea how big the palace was, he couldn’t go to the harem, and there were even more forbidden places that were heavily guarded.


When he and Little Yizi entered the narrow alley further north, they were greeted by a large sedan chair, carried by eight eunuchs, and waited on by four more eunuchs holding fruits and tea, while the other two maids carried incense burners made of gold and silver.


That palanquin is also made of fragrant wood, inlaid with jade, jewels, shining brightly.


It was full of row, rich and noble.


"This is the Eighteenth Prince’s palanquin, lord let us make way and let them pass.” Little Yizi way.


Gu-Chensha is The Nineteenth Prince, underage and residing in the palace. The Eighteenth Prince as well, both within a few days of each other’s age.


The same Princes, but treated differently.


See the Eighteenth Prince going out in a palanquin with eight carriages, graceful and magnificent, surrounded by servants like clouds, while Gu-Chensha walks with a little eunuch.


The Eighteenth Prince is about to come of age, but he has already bought a manor house in the capital, and has built it as a palace in heaven, and the news has come from the inner court that he will be made a duke as soon as he comes of age.


The Eighteenth Prince’s mother was one of the four "Royal Consorts", second only to the Empress. The Eighteenth Prince’s mother is one of the four "Royal Princesses", second only to the Empress.


The Eighteenth Prince’s family is a thousand years old, the Shui Family.


Rumor has it that they are descendants of the Ancient Black Emperor.


Existing for a thousand years, changing dynasties without falling.


The Great Skyseal Emperor dug the canal that runs through east, west, north, and south, also relying on the power of the Water Family.


The Eighteenth Prince has this solid backing, is highly skilled in martial arts, can be wealthy, and is the strongest contender for the most imperial throne.


His name is Gu-Hongsha.


Gu-Chensha doesn’t want to tangle with him much and steps to the side to avoid him, a sign of active weakness.


It’s not as simple as it seems and the palanquin stops in front of him.


The curtain is drawn by the eunuch and out of it comes a teenager.


This young man was dressed in silver-white brocade with embroidered cloud patterns on it, simple and elegant, with a fair face but a figure as straight as a gun, no joy or anger on his face and deep eyes, a powerful character.


"Nineteenth brother, congratulations to you.”


Gu-Hongsha’s voice lowered.


"The Eighteenth Brother, where do I get the joy?” Gu-Chensha had a smirk on his face and said: "I don’t understand your words.”


"Word has come from the Inner Court that the Imperial Father has summoned Lou Chongxiao, intending to betroth Luo Baiyue to you. Luo Baiyue, that is the daughter of heaven, many brothers want to marry her, is it not a joy?” Gu-Hongsha’s nonchalant tone makes it hard to figure out what’s really going on inside his mind.


Gu-Chensha made up his mind to stay the same, he giggled and said: "Where did I get that much luck.”


"All right.” Gu-Hongsha waved his hand and said: "Lao Nineteenth, don’t give me the runaround here either, I know you’re biding your time, anyone with a clear eye can see that, but it’s understandable, you have your difficulties.”


"Oh.” Gu-Chensha is still smiling dementedly, it’s one thing for people to try to figure him out, he still has to pretend to the end.


"Lao Nineteenth, I don’t care if you’re really stupid or if you’re pretending to be stupid, I’ll give you a way out of this.” Gu-Hongsha looked on condescendingly.


 

Show menu
Read Novel Online Full Novel Bin
Novel  Dragon Talisman  Chapter 7 Son of Heaven’s Consecration
Dragon Talisman
C7 Son of Heaven’s Consecration

Chapter 7 Son of Heaven’s Consecration

Chapter 7: The Son of Heaven’s Seal


"The Eighteenth Brother, I don’t know what you’re talking about.” Gu-Chensha bows his head.


"Take your resignation to Imperial Father at once and die on your knees so you can still get a chance to live, otherwise the Seventh Prince, Lao Eight, Lao Ninth, Lao Tenth and many more brothers won’t leave you alone, even Luo Baiyue himself! Both will kill you, you should know that very well.” Gu-Hongsha flick.


"But it’s the Imperial Father who set it up, what can I do?” Gu-Chensha always plays dumb.


"Stubborn.” Gu-Hongsha had a look of disdain in his eyes and he said: "You don’t want to marry Luo Baiyue and then think that by marrying a chicken to a dog, the Lou family’s power is at your disposal, do you? If that’s what you really think, it’s stupid.”


"Right now I haven’t gotten the message, maybe it’s fake. The Eighteenth Brother is saying that if this happens, I will resign.” Gu-Chensha is notoriously untempered and deferential, a rule of survival for many years that has bred him to be extremely deep in the city and never to be rash.


"It’s good that you know, I’ll give you a warning, be careful when you meet Lao Tenth, after he got this news, word has gotten out that he’s looking for an opportunity to waste you.” Gu-Hongsha saw the other man bowing down, pulled out a shiny gold pocket watch to look at it, and got up in the sedan chair and said: "Get out of the palace and see how well my newly built mansion has been repaired.”


"Master, I also went to supervise the day before yesterday, the pond has been thrown, the spring water filled, and we got the toilet that can pump water, is the Tiangong Institute manufacture of the wonders, and the bright shining big glass, the floor with Kunshan blue jade stone, that is simply a heavenly palace......” For the head eunuch to please, leading the way.


And so the line went out of the palace gates.


"Master, the Eighteenth Prince’s mansion I have also heard of, covers an area of several tilts, there are three or five thousand servants alone, he just pulled out that thing is called a pocket watch, also the Tiangong Institute made, look at the time is accurate, after the emperor ascended the throne, gather the world’s Able craftsmen, it seems, make a lot of new things.” Little Yizi was quite envious and said: “Master, you don’t have a residence yet? I think it’s ready.”


"There’s no way around it, where am I going to get that kind of money?” Gu-Chensha sighed and said: "Lao Eighteenth’s mother clan is the Shui family, and they are also usually trying to get him to fight for the throne.”


"The emperor did not make a crown prince, and let the princes open their houses and build their teeth, and run their own errands, which was indeed a powerful move, and each prince was ambitious and moist, and ran his errands properly.” Little Yizi Dao and said: "I heard that the Eighteenth Prince has recently cultivated Dragon King Strength to five stages, close to Grandmaster, but if he fights with the prince, the prince may not lose to him, with the prince’s current cultivation, he can always make a name for himself, why should he bide his time?”


"It’s all talk if you don’t step into the Dao Realm.” Gu-Chensha looked around at no one and said: "You shouldn’t reveal your kung fu easily now, and practice hard in secret. Moreover, that Dragon King’s Strength is a royal technique, even though I’m strong, the Royal Foundation Technique I’ve learned counts as nothing more than a mere mortal, and I’m afraid that if I were to fight with Lao Eighteenth, I’d be slightly inferior.”


"Unfortunately, my lord can’t go to the Royal Secret Treasury to pick martial arts. By the way, does lord still have those pills?” Little Yizi said. "In fact, one such pill is worth a lot of money, and I’m afraid that selling it would be a huge sum of money.”


"I have this kind of potion, but it’s a big sensation when it’s sold, the Washing Marrow Pill, the Original Essence Pill, the Soul Strengthening Pill these royal secret potions are worth a huge amount of money, this elixir of mine is tens of times more effective than them, it has to be sold! How much?” Gu-Chensha waved his hand and said: "It’s better to be hidden at the moment, I’m actually a frog in a well despite my small successes.”


"By the way, the Eighteenth Prince just said that the Master should be more careful when he meets the Tenth Prince, and I remember that the Tenth Prince almost killed the Master a few years ago...” Little Yizi suddenly remembered this incident and said: "That was still instigated by Luo Baiyue.”


"Lao Tenth is violent and reckless, but this character is deeply liked by the Emperor, and the key to his martial arts prowess and natural powers is that he is also a fearsome character.” Gu-Chensha frowned.


The two said, still returning to the small courtyard.


The sky darkens, the small courtyard is gloomy, there is not even a light, the autumn breeze is rusty and already chilly, and the weeds all over the courtyard look like ghost hands shaking.


Puff!


Little Yizi made a fire and lit the candles so that the house could come to life a bit.


"Master, we’re almost out of candles, and the housekeeping side hasn’t sent them over yet, and also it’s autumn now, autumn clothes should be issued, it seems like the housekeeping side isn’t going to supply us with any of this?” Little Yizi examined the supplies in the room and said: "I hear that the Eighteenth Prince doesn’t even use oil lamp candles for lighting at night, but moonstones, and this baby sucks up enough sunlight by day, and glows bright as the moon at night.”


"We are used to having all kinds of provisions withheld from our monthly money, and at the moment it is even worse, and the Home Office side cannot be counted on, or we have to open up our own resources.” Gu-Chensha poured a glass of plain water, took a sip, had an astringent taste, and vomited.


"This water is not good either, we were given bitter water, and they all drink water from the Cold Jade Springs.” Little Yizi couldn’t help it.


The water inside the palace is transported from outside.


Water is also divided into three or six categories.


Usually eunuchs and palace maidens drink well water, which is somewhat bitter underground in the capital. The princes and noble consorts, on the other hand, used water from the "Cold Jade Mountain", hundreds of miles away from the capital. The water.


The interior of that Cold Jade Mountain, which contains rich jade ore, has a ten thousand year old cold spring underneath, which is crisp and sweet and refreshing, and has long been blocked off as a royal sanctuary, and the Interior Ministry goes every morning to get water to send to the palace.


Gu-Chensha, as a prince, is supplied with three buckets of "Cold Jade Spring" every day. The supply of water was withheld from him, and like the lowly eunuchs, he had to drink from bitter wells.


Those eunuchs then took the withheld cold jade spring water and secretly sold it, selling it at a good price in all the major restaurants in the capital.


The prince has a large amount of money each month, in addition to clothing, spices, tonic medicine, weapons, jewelry, fruits, ice in the summer and smokeless animal charcoal in the winter, that’s really brocade and jade food.


In recent years, the Tiangong Institute has been producing glass, clocks, moonstones, cold beads, and fire beads.


The moonstone is for lighting, and the fire bead is a bead that is hung in the house in winter to keep the whole house warm in spring without burning charcoal. The cold bead is a bead that hangs in summer, cool and pleasant.


Of course these things, he could not enjoy them all.


"In the past, the group of people from the Interior Ministry didn’t dare to go so far and more or less show some mercy, but now they are just withholding mine share to the death.” Gu-Chensha shook his head and said: "There’s no need to worry about that at the moment, hard work is the root of the matter. Little Yizi, how well are you practicing your martial arts now?”


"Master, I have trained hard in the Royal Basic Boxing style you taught me, and with small success, I am now about Warrior level.” Little Yizi was quick on his hands and knees, cleaning up the room and boiling water and said: “Master’s martial arts should be at Grandmaster level, right?”


"How easy is it to talk about the realm of Grandmaster?” Gu-Chensha pondered carefully, “This strength is enough, but my cultivation is still so short of the threshold, it’s about the merit, I’m only practicing the royal basic martial arts, I know how to transport energy, whole strength and breathing. For example, the King’s Martial Art has the effect of gathering qi, concentrating the mind, meditating, pondering, refining essence, cultivating vitality, penetrating seclusion and understanding the Tao. Rare martial arts of a lower level are also able to promote Grandmaster.”


Gu-Chensha knew that to break through Grandmaster, he had to cultivate a Precious Grade martial art.


Martial arts are divided into Mortal, Precious, King, Imperial, Immortal, and Celestial techniques.


The technique of Sacrifice to the Heavens only enhances his power, to use his power perfectly and change his life form, he still needs a more profound technique.


"Actually it’s not difficult for the Master to learn superior martial arts, just go up to the fold and say that the martial arts are about to break through Grandmaster, the clan’s side can only report to the Emperor, and will definitely grant the royal family’s profound martial arts, I heard that Tenth Master is now practicing ’the Beheading ’ Thunder Strength’ has reached a very high level and is hitting the Dao Realm yet.” Little Yizi snooping was a good handful.


"That’s not good either, I can’t reveal my current strength.” Gu-Chensha said: "In case I’m falsely accused of a Tong the Xian Dynasty remnant crime, and with people pushing the envelope, the Demon King of the Ancestral Mansion won’t know how to toss me.”


"That’s true, or my lord is thoughtful.” Little Yizi Dao and said: "The problem is that if the lord doesn’t obtain the Precious Martial Techniques, no matter how powerful he is, he won’t be able to break through the Grandmaster’s realm, let alone step into the Dao Realm.”


"I’ll think about it.....” Gu-Chensha touched his forehead and said: "This can’t be slowed down, it could have been discussed in the long run, but Imperial Father actually allowed Luo Baiyue to get close to me, which is tantamount to putting me on fire, the only way to get through the disaster safely is to raise my strength.”


No words in the dead of night.


Little Yizi crept out and went to sleep in the next compartment, while Gu-Chensha picked up the history book to study it again.


The history of the Endless Continent’s dynasties is as vast as a sea of smoke, up and down for an unknown number of tens of thousands of years, and there are even endless myths from the ancient past, so reading through one by one is quite taxing.


"Eh?”


While painstakingly reading, he came across an account of the Ancient Son of Heaven’s history.


"The Ancient Son of Heaven rises from the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict to fathom the essence of the heavens, can cultivate the Son of Heaven God Sealing technique, which is a great accomplishment, sweeping away all evil spirits, and doing justice to the heavens. Suppressing the mountains and rivers, moving the stars, enthroning the gods, the martial arts of the world, all evolved from this technique.....”


"The Son of Heaven God Sealing technique.....” Gu-Chensha’s eyes twinkled and said: "That’s a powerful martial art, how the hell are you going to figure it out? Only from among the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict can one obtain such martial arts?”


If you can get the "the Son of Heaven God Sealing technique" from the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict, you’ll have no problem stepping into the Dao Realm. If you can acquire the "the Son of Heaven God Sealing technique".


For the same realm, the combat power of the martial arts class differs greatly from each other.


For example, the Eighteenth Prince Gu-Hongsha, cultivating "Dragon King Power". It may not be as powerful as Gu-Chensha’s Bear Wolf Python, but in a fight between them, Gu-Hongsha would win.


Dragon King’s Strength is unpredictable and mysterious, using Basic Martial Arts to fight is simply a death wish.


Basic martial arts is to cultivate the flesh, muscles, bones and skin.


Whereas Dragon King’s Strength like this is a mixture of mind, momentum, and spiritual paths, moving like a ghost or god possessed.


Of course, anyone must first practice the basic martial arts painstakingly, and only after great success can they learn higher grade kung fu, or else they will die from forceful cultivation and nervous disorder.


Now that Gu-Chensha’s roots are so strong that no one can match them, I’m afraid he lacks the key to open the door to the highest level.


The Son of Heaven God Sealing technique, this kind of martial arts level, is definitely beyond the King, Emperor, Immortal, and even beyond the Heavenly Products, is the general outline of the Heavenly Dao.


"How exactly do you want to figure it out? What’s the sacrifice? Only in exchange for the Son of Heaven God Sealing technique’s appearance?” He perused down, but didn’t get any specific records.


"The history books are so vast that trying to search for traces from them is like trying to find a needle in a haystack, if only there was a catalogue, no wonder, no wonder the Skyseal Collection of Classical Writings had to be compiled, if you wanted to find any information, you could just follow the catalogue and consult it, it would be perfect. “ Gu-Chensha is just now thinking that compiling the Skyseal Collection of Classical Writings is really a thousand years of work and said:


If you want any information, look up the table of contents and you’ll find it.


Unlike now, when you want to learn something, but have no way to do so.


 
Show menu
Read Novel Online Full Novel Bin
Novel  Dragon Talisman  Chapter 8 Splendor of the Sun and Moon
Dragon Talisman
C8 Splendor of the Sun and Moon

Chapter 8 Splendor of the Sun and Moon

Chapter 8: the Sun Moon Glow


"the Son of Heaven God Sealing technique, the Sun Moon Glow, from which it is rumored that only those who have acquired the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict can fathom and comprehend, and I just need to learn that, with this protection, I can live without being such a wimp. “


Pfft.


He blew out the candle, but did not sleep, but read the book again in the darkness of the night.


Ever since he sacrificed his bear wolf python soul, his eyes are like electricity, like wolves and snakes, he can see things clearly in the night, and he only needs to sleep for one hour a day to be full of energy, the rest of the time is all used for reading and martial arts.


Other princes are diligent in order to fight for power and profit, he is in order to save his life, so he must work twice as hard.


He read the book at a glance, and his memory was greatly improved, though not to the extent that he could not forget what he had read, it was not far behind.


"The Son of Heaven rules the world, has great power, lives and kills, gathers the strength of all living beings, and in a word, moves mountains and draws land into rivers. It is not surprising that the Ancient Son of Heaven, holding the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict, could have such power, but modern emperors, without an imperial edict, can still command the heavens, why? It is the rule of ritual and law. Because the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict was lost, the human race was left without a leader and inevitably killed each other, so the saints created rituals and laws to replace the will of God and rule the hearts of the people. Rituals and laws are the will of God. Therefore, even though the symbolic edict is lost, the Emperor’s edict still has the spirit of the Son of Heaven. The best part is that the Ancient Son of Heaven is still on the throne, and using the Son of Heaven’s Qi to inspire the edicts of the Son of Heaven, they are able to understand the Son of Heaven God Sealing technique, and now this martial art has become a masterpiece....”


This is the opinion and discussion of some of the great scholars in the history books.


But when Gu-Chensha saw it, it was no less than the discovery of a great treasure.


Simply put, the Emperor’s decree has the Son of Heaven’s Qi on it, and if you get the decree and sacrifice it, you can enlighten the Son of Heaven God Sealing technique!


The Emperor, though not the Son of Heaven, is revered by all the people, commands the world, and holds great power, and over time, after the majesty of rituals and laws has penetrated deep into the hearts of the people, will interfere with the Heavenly Dao, and will naturally gather a hint of the Son of Heaven’s Qi.


Of course, ordinary countries and the Imperial court don’t have the Son of Heaven’s Qi, but the Skyseal this dynasty, the destruction of a hundred countries, the opening of boundaries, the abolition of obscene rituals, and the upper can interfere with ghosts and spirits, and the lower with the people, that decree is extraordinary.


Gu-Chensha is also well read, and knows that if in a few decades the Great Skyseal Emperor’s achievements grow stronger and the country is stronger, then even without the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict, it would be no different from the Ancient Son of Heaven!..


It would be nearly impossible for a normal person to get the Emperor’s decree, but Gu-Chensha is a prince and getting the decree is still relatively easy.


"The holy decree.... It looks like I have it here, or the same imperial decree that crowned my mother as an imperial consort.”


Gu-Chensha rolls over and climbs up, finding the small chest from inside the depths of the closet.


Inside the chest are some relics, among them a scroll of holy orders.


This was an item his mother had left behind when she killed herself.


“This mother, as the Princess of the Xian Dynasty, I don’t know how many treasures accompanied her marriage, but after her death, all of them were taken away by those concubines and princes at the behest of the eunuchs! Only these ordinary objects remain.” Gu-Chensha was indignant at the thought of this.


There was no point in taking away the sealed decrees, or they would have been scraped clean.


Poor Gu-Chensha was too young to know how to protect his mother’s legacy.


Over the years, he has been asking around to find out which of his mother’s precious treasures had fallen into the hands of which noble consorts and princes back then, to be brought back later.


Unfold the imperial decree, a blood-red seal in the eyes, is the jade seal, six big words, "the Emperor Treasure Seal". But not "by command of Heaven"... The four bird-shaped words.


The emperor was particular about the use of the seal, and the real imperial seal could only be used to promulgate the edict of enthronement, and to offer sacrifices to heaven and earth.


The other seals were used for their own purposes.


Such as the Emperor Treasure Seal, it is used to enthrone the consort, the Imperial Clan relatives, so it is called "the Emperor Treasure Seal”.


Although it is not the imperial seal, but it is a symbol of imperial power, as usual, the Son of Heaven’s qi contained, more importantly, the person who issued this decree is still reigning, and the Son of Heaven’s qi has not dissipated, if it is the last emperor’s decree will be useless, the world changed hands, the qi dissipated.


Gu-Chensha could sense what seemed to be an inexplicable divine power over that seal.


This is purely a spiritual sense.


"In that case, I will begin the ritual.”


He takes out the decree, clicks it on fire, actually sets it ablaze, then cuts his finger and drips blood on it.


Buzz.....


That the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict seems to sense the Son of Heaven Qi in the Holy Decree, and also emits blue light flowing into each other.


The air trembled and the Holy Decree disappeared without a trace.


However, in the depths of that blue light, many shadows of light appeared, which suddenly and sharply shot into Gu-Chensha’s mind, and suddenly he froze, and many figures in his mind were practicing the profound martial arts.


The esoteric martial arts merged with his mind.


Seeing the figure walking on the earth, the Sun Moon appearing in the firmament above his head, this figure’s body also emitted a golden and brilliant light, reflecting with the light of the Sun and Moon.


Numerous ideas, images, came forth.


Gu-Chensha seemed to have received a vast array of cultivation methods, and his body involuntarily evolved with that technique.


Deep within his mind, there was a will like a flood bell.


"Son of the heavens, with the Sun Moon Glow, with the heavens and the earth, with all living beings of one heart, these three, derive all things, a thousand changes.......”


Suddenly, that will came to an abrupt end.


The blue light in the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict also disappeared.


The transmission of the feats and ideas interrupted out of thin air.


Gu-Chensha came to his senses for a long time and said: "Unfortunately, the Son of Heaven’s Qi on this decree was not strong enough for me to get the Son of Heaven God Sealing technique’s fur practice. It turns out that the Son of Heaven God Sealing technique has three realms, the Sun Moon Glow, heaven and earth living together, all living beings of one heart. What has just been rehearsed is the practice of the first style before the first realm.”


Truly the Son of Heaven, gloriously comparable to the light of the sun and moon, with the same longevity as heaven and earth.


This is just as well, but in the end, being of one mind with all living beings, and all things being one, then I wonder what is the realm?


Gu-Chensha has just learned only a tenth of the first realm, yet still benefits greatly from it, enough to step into the Dao Realm with complete enlightenment and painstaking training.


This holy decree is only the will of the registrar’s noble consort, containing the Son of Heaven Qi is not strong, if it is a real imperial decree to ascend the throne, sacrifice to the Heavens decree, then the Son of Heaven Qi in it is probably ten times stronger.


But that kind of edict is hidden deep in the central hall of the palace’s forbidden area, so you can’t get it.


"Shh.....” Gu-Chensha shushed long and hard and said: "Enough, enough, I’m afraid that even this tiny bit of martial arts is difficult for me to understand without decades of hard work.”


Putting away the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict, he sat down on his knees and began to think about what he had just learned.


At this moment, the sky is lightening slightly, but the moon has not yet sunk in the west, the sun has begun to rise in the east, and there is the presence of the Sun Moon in the heavens and the earth.


Receiving this sensation, Gu-Chensha’s entire body began to tremble slightly, his pores opened, and there was actually a tendency to absorb the essence of the Sun Moon, although this was an illusion and could not really be the case.


But he has entered the meditation of the spirit and the Sun Moon traveling together.


This is a method of refining the spirit, not a superior martial art.


The Son of Heaven God Sealing technique, the Ancient Ultimate Martial Art, compared to the "Dragon King’s Strength". "The Beheading Thunder Strength". And yet it’s thousands and hundreds of times better?


Gu-Chensha practiced the first realm "the Sun Moon Glow". The fragmentation of the skin, just stepping into the subtle realm, produced the realization.


Crackle!


The pores of his whole body swallowed, and actually a filament of white gas emanated, like burning cigarettes, and the gas gradually spread and enveloped his whole body, like a cocoon.


Until it was dawn.


Suddenly, the cocoon bursts again, the fog dissipates, and Gu-Chensha no longer has that sharp taste, but returns to the basics, his eyes looked dull.


This is stepping into a whole new realm again.


Having reached Mortal Realm fourth level, Peaking the Transformation, becoming a Martial Grandmaster.


Breaking the cocoon into a butterfly in one night, such a feat is truly astonishing. No wonder it made the Ancient Giant Demons and Gods fearful.


"The Sun Moon Refining the gods, the spirit is brilliant, bright and bright, it’s really wonderful, I practiced for such a while, I feel much clearer, all distractions are gone, only a piece of red sincerity.” Gu-Chensha realized his feeling, full of joy and said: "There are ten stances of the Sun Moon Glow, I will now master the first stance of the Sun Moon Refining. The next nine stances if I want to learn them, I must offer more holy orders.”


He sprang slightly out of his body, swam all over the house, and landed silently.


Crunch!


Little Yizi pushes the door in, only to see shadows all over the room, as fast as a ghost, the shadow of a man closing in and re-synthesizing Gu-Chensha.


"Master, your martial arts body style, why have you changed into a person, and the temperament of your body.... Did you step into the Grandmaster’s realm? But without the Precious Martial Arts, it is impossible to refine the spirit and cultivate into a Grandmaster.” Little Yizi was first shocked, then greatly pleased.


"Good, the sky is the limit.” Gu-Chensha walked out of the room, bathed in the morning light, his whole body brilliant, “This strength can be said to have improved by leaps and bounds this night, stepping into a whole new level, training hard and the Dao Realm will hopefully continue.”


The Son of Heaven God Sealing technique first realm "the Sun Moon Glow". In the first form, "the Sun Moon Refining". Enough for him to get out of his body, refine his spirit, and break through the Dao Realm.


After achieving Grandmaster, the main thing is not to practice in strength, because the physical body already has its limits, and in order to progress, one must turn to the spirit.


So the martial arts above the Grandmaster are mostly refinements of the spirit.


And the Son of Heaven God Sealing technique has completely surpassed all kinds of grade martial arts, not to mention he’s already learned a style, and even just skin stepping into the Dao Realm is more than enough.


"The Sun Moon Refining". This style of martial arts is refinement, bodywork, qi and blood, spirit travel, and chanting the Sun Moon.


Of course, Gu-Chensha is just beginning to scratch the surface, and it will take a long time of hard work to become proficient in this style.


At this point, if he encounters the Eighteenth Prince Gu-Hongsha, his opponent’s Dragon King Power is no match at all.


Treasure martial arts can step into the master, and Wang pin martial arts can step into the Dao-Realm.


Morning.


"Master, I’ve made breakfast.” Little Yizi brought out porridge, vegetables, tofu, and a few yellow and orange pastry, not meat, the meal was simple and clean.


"You can eat, I don’t seem to like being physical lately.” Gu-Chensha speaks the truth, after he has sacrificed, he gets enough strength from it to nourish his whole body and sustain what he needs for life.


Originally, not eating physically was the First Transformation Accept Fasting of the Dao Realm, and his cultivation was far from enough to take the spirit of heaven and earth with his spirit to flush the realm of nourishing the body.


The good news is that the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict’s sacrificial power is extraordinary, which is equivalent to what the strongest of the Dao Realm achieved when they forcefully infused the Heavenly Dao power into his body.


Because of this, he was also able to cultivate much faster than the other princes.


Little Yizi was even more delighted and said: "It looks like the lord is about to make a name for himself, and then he’ll show all the people how to raise their eyebrows.”


"Do not be arrogant, there are people outside the sky. How many powerful people have been suppressed by the Imperial court over the years? Under the Emperor’s authority, even evil spirits and demons must be restrained.” Gu-Chensha’s eyes were wise and said: "But my chances of saving my life are a little better, and whoever wants to harm me easily is not so easy.”


"Master.....” Little Yizi was about to speak again, but Gu-Chensha’s eyes were stern and he said: "Someone’s coming.”


Sure enough, after a calendrical time, several eunuchs appeared at the door.


"Oh my, it’s Eunuch Chen, what brings you here.” Little Yizi greeted them in succession.


"The Nineteenth Prince, I’ve come to deliver a letter.” The middle-aged eunuch leading the group took out a letter and handed it to Little Yizi, and sailed off without saluting Gu-Chensha.


"Damn!” Little Yizi saw his back and said: "This slave, when he sees the prince and doesn’t pay homage to him, he will be charged to the clan’s house, and that is, he will be beheaded!”


Gu-Chensha shook his head and he said: "What letter?”


"It’s from the Lou family, Luo Baiyue’s letter!” Little Yizi handed it over.


 
Show menu
Read Novel Online Full Novel Bin
Novel  Dragon Talisman  Chapter 9 The Canals
Dragon Talisman
C9 The Canals

Chapter 9 The Canals

Chapter 9: The Canal


"Luo Baiyue wants to contact me?” Gu-Chensha, unsurprised, opened the letter and there were just four words on it, "Canal Wharf”


It was inscribed with the word "Lou" and a shallow curved moon.


No doubt, this is Luo Baiyue.


Meet Gu-Chensha at the Canal Wharf.


"Let’s go, out of the palace, to the canal docks.” Gu-Chensha handed the letter to Little Yizi and said: "Take it and burn it, this kind of letter is evidence to Jingle up, don’t leave anything to chance.”


"Yes.”


There is no more prosperous place in the Great Yong Dynasty than the capital city.


The Great Yong Dynasty is the most prosperous place in the capital city than the canal docks.


The Great Skyseal Emperor’s first achievement was to "dig a canal to connect the four directions", and in the fourteenth year of his reign, he started this great project. The Great Skyseal Emperor, in the 14th year of his reign, started this great project and completed it in just ten years.


There was an ancient emperor who used countless human and material resources to open the North-South Canal for 30 years, which led to the people’s discontent and the world’s rebellion, and finally his country was killed.


But the Great Skyseal Emperor was different, as soon as he ascended to the throne, he opened the canal, but instead, he pulled the people’s strength, so that the starving people had food to eat and were paid, so that they would not make trouble, and in the process of digging the canal, if they encountered a big mountain blocking the way, often within a few days, that big mountain disappeared without a trace.


A river that is difficult to open is cut open in one night by a great power, cutting land into rivers.


Numerous folk called it a miracle, and over the years, it became known that the Great Skyseal Emperor was destined for heaven, and that ghosts and spirits were secretly transporting power to the Emperor’s disposal.


With the excavation of the canal, the Great Skyseal Emperor’s throne becomes more and more secure, and eventually the people’s will is unshakable.


Originally, the Great Skyseal Emperor was an illegitimate son of a wandering folk who had been slaughtered and crowned, but his position was unstable and his court was in turmoil.


And the opening of the Four Directions Canal, eliminating countless floods and droughts, ten thousand people’s droughts and floods, the Four Directions supplies can be continuously transported to the capital, making merchants prosperous, and even more living people.


Gu-Chensha stood on the dock and watched the ships coming and going with great emotion.


It can be said that none of the past emperors have ever been able to match today.


The canal is thousands of feet wide, and at a glance, the smoke is vast, and the water is even a hundred feet deep, so boats can pass through no matter how deep the draught. It was not at all the kind of small river, nor could it be done by manpower.


On top of the canal, there were ships everywhere, small canopied boats, and even larger ships with five teeth, in addition to the great angry whale ships with extremely deep draught, which were the Imperial court sailors, and were as imposing as ever.


Of course, the most striking is the Imperial court’s latest development of iron flywheel. That ship is not big, wrapped in iron armor, the bottom for the wheel, driven by fire steam, spinning, fast as an arrow, day travel a thousand miles is no problem.


This was the vessel that the Imperial court used to transmit the residence reports and memorials, which could be passed along the canal to the provinces.


With the canals, the Imperial court’s control over places was much stronger.


Numerous novelties are transported from all over the country to the capital and unloaded on the docks, which are well organized and extremely orderly.


The docks used to be dirty and perennially held by gangs.


the Skyseal decade, the Imperial court issued a decree to outlaw private gangs, a large number of evil gang leaders’ heads fell to the ground, a moment of great joy, the common people have praised the current emperor as an ancient emperor.


"Newspapers, newspapers, today’s newspapers, the Imperial court issued another proclamation, strictly prohibiting the common people from gold and silver transactions, goods are all to be bought settled in paper money, and if there is disobedience, confiscate the family and go to jail.” Many newspaper boys waved their papers and shouted.


"This world is indeed well governed.”


Gu-Chensha thought to himself that although she had little affection for the Emperor, she admired his way of governing the country.


The royal family has no flesh and blood, every prince is held away from his mother at birth, and is taken care of by a large group of housekeepers, court maids, sisters, and eunuchs, and when he grows up a little, he lives by himself, studies and martial arts, and brothers are suspicious of each other and guard against each other, and can never be friends.


A small family’s father’s kindness and filial piety, with brotherly harmony, this is what the royal family will never have.


The royal family ruled the world with "brotherly love and filial piety", but the royal family did not have "brotherly love and filial piety". It’s ironic.


But this can’t be helped, the imperial throne is so important, and the sacred weapons of the gods and goddesses of earth and grain are in their hands, holding the power of life and death of the subjects under the world, for the sake of this kinship must be put down.


"There’s no family love if there’s a country throne to fight for.” Gu-Chensha sighed slightly in his heart.


"Master, that letter only says it’s at the canal wharf, there’s no time for anything, are we just going to wait here foolishly?” Little Yizi asked.


"You underestimate the Lou family, I’m afraid I’m just out of the palace and my whereabouts will be watched, so people will naturally come to see me.” Gu-Chensha, however, sees through it.


Sure enough, before long standing, a boat came in on the wind and waves, docked on the side of the pier, and up came a man, who came up to him and asked for permission and said: "Nineteenth Master, come with me in the little boat, my master’s big boat is in the river, and is ready for a feast.”


"Lead the way.” Gu-Chensha knew it was the Lou family’s servant, and stepped on the warped board to get into the boat, Little Yizi following herself.


The boat suddenly flew away like an arrow and reached the center of the river in a short time.


The servant steered the boat smoothly and carried the oars as if flying, but did not stir up the slightest splash, and used his secret strength. This servant steered the boat smoothly, without stirring up the water, and used underhand strength. I’m afraid it’s even better than Little Yizi who has taken "the Tiger Wolf Pill".


The Lou family has such a power for a small servant, no wonder they can hold the government and stand unchanged.


A large building ship appeared in the center of the river.


This building ship is ebony black, actually wrapped in black iron, sturdy and durable, more capable of fighting on water.


From the small boat to board the big boat, but inside is a different atmosphere, carved fences, jade building, painting red porcelain gold, fragrance, surrounded by a large glass inlaid, you can enjoy the scenery, the breeze, the river boat, can be said to be a rare pleasure.


The big boat has four floors, the first floor is where the master lives, the second floor is the maidservant, the third floor is the kitchen, and below that is where the sailors who sail the boat live.


The ship is also powered by a flywheel, which runs with mechanical force, and walks through the water as if it was flying.


The so-called flywheel is a mechanism made by the Tiangong Institution, which is driven by burning kerosene and using the force of hot steam expansion. It is a revolution that has never been seen before.


The ship is like a black tiger lying on the river, it can house hundreds of people and store enough food to sustain them for ten days and half a month.


The people on the ship are all strong and forceful, even the women are agile and precise, like an army.


"The Lou family has achieved great success in war, and all of them use the military to govern the family in the residence, such a rule leads to the taste of prosperity.” Gu-Chensha’s mind figured that he had studied hard in all kinds of books and had recently become enlightened and wise, so he could make a big difference with a small one.


"You are all dismissed.”


The voices were heard, the slaves retreated, and the man who had brought the boat on board said to Little Yizi and said: "Eunuch, please come downstairs with me, there is wine and rice prepared downstairs.”


Little Yizi saw Gu-Chensha nod and followed.


There are just two people left on the upper deck of this building ship, a man and a woman.


The female is naturally Luo Baiyue.


She has her back to Gu-Chensha, wearing a pale blue cloak, and seems to have the air of a deep sea.


"The Skyseal dynasty, open east-west and north-south canals, through the rivers of east and west, the emperor ordered as the Yangtze River, while the north-south river is named the Heavenly River.”


Luo Baiyue’s voice was steady and said: "For this reason, the emperor also wrote astonishing words on the day the canal was opened.”


"The rolling Yangtze River eastward drains away all the heroes, the waves wash away all the heroes, the successes and failures turn their heads empty, the green hills are still there, the sunset is red for a few times. The white-haired fisherman and woodcutter on the riverside, accustomed to watching the autumn moon and spring breeze, a pot of cloudy wine happy to meet each other, how many things in ancient and modern times, all paid in laughter?”


She reads the words slowly, a cool sense of history coming through.


The Great Skyseal Emperor made this lyric, which has spread throughout the world and made the literati bow their heads.


Gu-Chensha also loved the lyric’s pale weight and often played with it in secret.


But right now he doesn’t know what Luo Baiyue means, so he just listens quietly and waits for her to finish reciting it. He smiled foolishly and said: "I’ve never studied hard, I can’t talk about poetry, what do you want from me today?”


"Gu-Chensha.” Luo Baiyue turned around, his figure seemed taller than it had been a few months ago, his temperament had changed out of shape, and his cultivation seemed to have become great and said: "Though you pretend to be a fool at every turn, you can’t hide it from anyone with a heart, you’re not a fool, and a true fool would not live to see today.”


"What do you want?” Gu-Chensha immediately looked suspicious and rather panicked, and rickety, this was a biding technique he had practiced for so many years, how could he be easily provoked and reveal his true form?


"I’m sure you already know that I’m befriending you by the Emperor’s order. What do you think?” Luo Baiyue speaks casually, as if this marital event has nothing to do with himself, talking beside the others.


"No, no, no...” Gu-Chensha waved his hands repeatedly and backed away, even more frightened, as if she had encountered a snake and scorpion, even though she had received the news earlier, but she didn’t know what drugs Luo Baiyue was selling, and it wasn’t impossible if she set a trap against herself.


A few years back, this woman let other princes beat herself up, not a good person.


"Although it is the emperor’s order, but today is a private meeting, there is no need to be formal, besides, you are a prince and I am a courtier, if this kind of gesture is spread out, I am afraid that the imperial historian will impeach me for my lack of courteousness.” Luo Baiyue waved his hand, and his tone was just a bit condescending.


According to the rules, Gu-Chensha is the prince, and this gesture by Luo Baiyue is highly disrespectful.


But Luo Baiyue is arrogant, even to other princes she was once sued for not being courteous to the prince, but instead of being reprimanded she was praised by the Great Skyseal Emperor, who said, "This woman is pride of the Emperor and has the grace of the ancients.”


This shows how much she is favored by the Emperor.


"What is Imperial Father’s command?” Gu-Chensha asked, acting cautious and nasty despite the stunt.


"You’re really annoying like that.” Luo Baiyue’s face darkened and said: "Although I, Luo Baiyue, despise the men of the world, but the current Sovereign is ambitious, suppressing evil spirits, destroying demons, helping the heavens, and pacifying the country, and even making the women of the world have a day to shine, sweeping away a thousand years of decay, no matter how unambitious you are, you should have set to inherit the Emperor’s bloodline.”


Gu-Chensha is just demented and said: "What are you talking about?”


"I met with you today to ask you a main question.” Luo Baiyue’s eyes peered down from above and said: "Do you have any ambition to make a name for yourself in the future or not?”


"Stand out?” Gu-Chensha took two steps back again and said: "What do I need to get ahead now that I’m a prince, a golden branch, a dragon and a phoenix (Emperorship and Empressship) what do I need them for?”


"You, the prince, are not living as well as a rich commoner, even if it’s a countryside honest family, all slaves’ dozens of servants, go out carriages and horses, gold and jade, food to eat, clothes to wear. And you are terrified, pretending to be mad, biding your time, even if you are alive you are a wimp, don’t you want all change?” Luo Baiyue’s eyes are staring intently, to see through something.


Gu-Chensha shook his head repeatedly and said: "It’s fine right now, I don’t want to change.”


 
Show menu
Read Novel Online Full Novel Bin
Novel  Dragon Talisman  Chapter 10 Great Intelligence, Stupidity
Dragon Talisman
C10 Great Intelligence, Stupidity

Chapter 10 Great Intelligence, Stupidity

Chapter 10: The Wise Man’s Foolishness


"Too disappointing for me.” Luo Baiyue said: "Men are most afraid of not being ambitious, even in the midst of adversity, they cannot be willing to fall, and the heavens will descend upon them, they must first suffer their hearts and minds, labor their sinews and bones, and starve their bodies. Don’t you understand this? If you are determined to be ambitious, I Luo Baiyue will definitely help you fulfill them, if you want to cultivate, I will give you the best pills and the best techniques, with the support of me the Lou family, you will not be inferior to any prince, but if you have no ambition, then even if the fate of heaven is with you, it will not help, if you do not do your best, how can you have the fate of heaven?”


"Fate of heaven? That’s another prince, it has nothing to do with me, don’t ever involve me.” Gu-Chensha was getting scared and he said: "I don’t want your support either, so don’t you ever hurt me again.”


"So you’re really going to be the muck that can’t be helped?” There was a clear disappointment in Luo Baiyue’s eyes and she said: "I know your mother was the Princess of the Xian Dynasty and had many taboos, which made you cowardly and timid. The man I Luo Baiyue will marry is a hero of the world, a hero of the world, who can still laugh and smile even in the midst of thorns. Wasn’t the current emperor a bastard child twenty years ago? Born more humble than you, in a more difficult situation than you, and yet defeated many opponents and settled the world?”


"I’m not as ambitious as Imperial Father.” Gu-Chensha looked out the window with his eyes, as if he was distracted.


Seeing him looking so careful, afraid of saying the wrong thing, Luo Baiyue was also tasteless, and after thinking for a moment, her voice suddenly increased a bit, with compelling magic and said: "Since you are self-indulgent, I can’t do anything about it, in fact, I tell you, your current situation, it is impossible to be safe, when a rich man is not even allowed to progress, either he can uplift his clothes to trade, he can try to fight, or be given a cup of poisonous wine to die later, do you think you have no chance? I’m telling you that you are actually of the Xian Dynasty royal bloodline, which contains the power of the Giant Spirit God bloodline. If I had a way to stimulate the power of the Giant Spirit God bloodline within you, your martial skills would be a thousand miles a day! I’m asking you now if you’ll do it!”


"What? The Giant Spirit God bloodline!” Gu-Chensha’s breathing quickened, as if he had been convinced by Luo Baiyue that the Xian Dynasty royal family were descendants of the Giant Spirit God, and that the true lineage had the blood of the gods within them, but it was difficult to inspire, and if it was inspired by chance, then he could become a master in a short time, but that didn’t appeal to him. , but he knew that the fire had arrived, and it would be too shrewd to pretend to go on, and an idea of playing it safe rose up and said: "And according to what you say, what should I do?”


A true idiot is good at being provoked by the first words that come out of someone else’s mouth.


Now Luo Baiyue is clearly testing his reaction again.


"Oh? So, you have some hot blood in your heart.” Luo Baiyue had a satisfied smile on her face, and she knew her language had worked when she saw all the Gu-Chensha blood rushing to his face.


"How are you going to help me?” Gu-Chensha asked directly.


"Here’s a gourd of the Yuanpei Pill and the Solid Pill, and the Washing Marrow Pill, all of which were originally supplied by the Royal Family and not necessarily unusual, but you were withheld from it, and so I’ll make it up for you.” Luo Baiyue clapped her hands, and up came a maidservant with a plate with three gourds and a pamphlet.


"That booklet, on top of it is the Xian Dynasty royal secret method, the Giant Spirit God Kung Fu, which is a technique between the King’s and Emperor’s qualities. Rumor has it that after practicing it, it will be infinitely more powerful and comparable to the Ancient Giant Spirit, but only those of the Xian Dynasty bloodline will be able to do twice as much with half the effort. This secret technique was obtained by our Lou family back when there was a war and we conquered the Xian Dynasty capital.”


"What do you mean?” Gu-Chensha wondered and said: "the Giant Spirit God feat has been collected into the Imperial Library, and you did so with Imperial Father’s permission?”


Only by cultivating the Giant Spiritual Strength will you be able to make thousands of miles in a single day and stimulate your Xian Dynasty bloodline. I have already reported this matter to the Emperor through a secret document, and the Emperor has agreed. The Xian Dynasty royal family is rumored to be the ancient bloodline of the Giant Spirit God, if you really practice the Giant Spirit God, you can bring the Giant Dynasty bloodline back to the Emperor. Spirit God’s bloodline is united for the Giant Spirit power, but that is a rare master.” Luo Baiyue spoke with a heavy tone.


"Well then, I’ll take it.” When Gu-Chensha heard the word Secret Fold, she knew that Luo Baiyue was quite a favorite of the Emperor, and even began to appoint great things.


The secret folders were only for the favored courtiers, and all matters, big or small, could be written in the folders.


I never thought Luo Baiyue would be given the right to report directly to the court in secret memorials.


Even the feudal officials who have this power may not have it.


He asked Little Yizi to come up and take the three gourds of pills and the pamphlet, "Given by the ruler, I dare not decline, in that case, I’ll take it?”


"That’s good, in fact, your current situation is all of your own making, if you work hard to cultivate, and now you are in the Grandmaster’s realm, gaining the Emperor’s appreciation, gaining merit, and opening a house and building teeth, would it not be so?” Luo Baiyue seemed to be doing their best to compel.


"Okay, no problem.” Gu-Chensha nodded without hesitation.


"Then it’s a deal.” Luo Baiyue said: "Come, serve the feast.”


"There’s no need for a banquet, I’m going back to practice my martial arts hard and prepare to build my career.” Gu-Chensha seems to have been really stirred up with fervor in his heart and has become impatient.


"That’s good, it’s good for a man to have such ambition.” Luo Baiyue gave another look and said: "I see that you are also shy in your pouch, here is money for ten thousand, you can take it back first, wait for the emperor to give you a mansion in a few months, and then settle your residence.”


Saying that, the maidservant brought up a plate with a stack of paper bills in the middle.


The banknotes were golden in color, with beautiful cloud patterns printed on them, and actually had a faint air of divinity.


This is the banknote printed by the Imperial court, the Tiangong Institute’s technology, no one can fake it.


Gu-Chensha wasn’t shy about letting Little Yizi take it as well, immediately disembarking in a small boat and quietly departing.


Looking at his departing back, the maidservant said. "Miss, it seems that The Nineteenth Prince is not stupid, and is really biding his time.”


"No, his actions show that he’s really stupid, if he’s smart he’ll understand the difference between himself and other princes, no pill practice can make up for it, especially the Giant Spirit God feat, even back then it was quite difficult for the Xian Dynasty royal bloodline to practice it, let alone him. He’s really smart, so he whisked away and didn’t want my gift.” Luo Baiyue shook his head and said: "That way, I was impressed with him, but now I see that it was just a small cleverness for him to act crazy, and when he encountered benefits, he was blinded to his true heart, so I’m afraid that misfortune will not come soon.”


"Hey, I don’t know what the emperor is thinking, it’s obvious that he wants to use Miss heavily, but he gave Miss such a big problem. The Nineteenth Prince will definitely be given a death sentence later on, and then that will instead implicate Miss, and even the Lou family.” The servant girl was a little confused about the future.


"Perhaps this is exactly the test the Emperor has for me, if I can’t handle this matter properly, how will I deal with national matters in the future?"... Luo Baiyue said. "The Nineteenth Prince must have trained hard in martial arts after receiving my gift, yet Iron will be forbidden to many princes. It would save him a lot of trouble if he were to be killed, and if he does manage to avoid it, it will prove that he is capable.”


"I’m afraid he could really take up a position if he really did cultivate the Giant Spirit God feat.”. The maidservant has a picturesque brow and a small mouth and a nose, but she is also an expert, quite wise and agile, "The Emperor is broad-minded and can accommodate The Nineteenth Prince.”


The Xian Dynasty royal family has produced many talented people, and they have not been able to produce a single one in a hundred years, otherwise they would not have been destroyed by our dynasty, you should know that once you have inspired the Giant Spirit God bloodline. The Spirit God bloodline will be able to communicate with the Giant Spirit True God of the underworld through sacrifice, gaining incomparably great divine power. The Xian Dynasty would not have fallen to ruin if they had this protection?” Luo Baiyue watched the boats come and go on the great river and said: "But the emperor’s cultivation, I fear to an incredible extent, as long as he obtains the Sacrificial Skyseal Edict, then the Son of Heaven way is possible, abolishing the true God, so that the Giant Spirit God, even though he is the ancient emperor, is unable to break the barrier of the world with the power of the gods. , manifesting the power of God in the present world, and not being able to obtain a sacrifice, he will then be put to death by the emperor.”


"Miss, what are you talking about? Why don’t I understand?” The maidservant was confused when she heard Luo Baiyue talking to herself.


"These things are not for you to understand.” Luo Baiyue waved his hand and said: "I guess this meeting with The Nineteenth Prince couldn’t be hidden from those princes, and afterwards, some of those princes’ people came to ask questions, and you sent them all away, saying that I was in seclusion.”


"Yes.”


Shore.


Little Yizi was carrying the bag, but his face was puzzled and he said: “Master, why did you accept Luo Baiyue’s stuff? According to your character, you should be hiding yourself from the limelight.”


"For three reasons, one, if I were to hold back and not be moved by profit, then instead of being suspected, Luo Baiyue how wise he is, surely he would be cavernous, I would only look really stupid if I was greedy for small profits and forgot to bide my time. This is called sharing the dust with the light. Secondly, I’ve already practiced other martial arts, but now I can’t reveal them, so now I can use Luo Baiyue’s gift to show them off without being framed. This is called putting a plan in place. Thirdly, it’s to see what Luo Baiyue and Imperial Father have in mind, and why they want me to practice the Giant Spirit Strength?” Gu-Chensha deep in thought.


"Master is really good at thinking far ahead.” Little Yizi admired sincerely and said: "What about these pills and money?”


"With this money, we are much more generous with our hands, and $10,000 is no small amount, even if the Regional Prince’s annual salary is no more than that.” The Imperial court’s notes are quite valuable, a dollar is worth a snowy silver dollar, and their purchasing power is very solid and said: "As for the pills, I can no longer use them, so I’ll give you solidity, and there are some things I can’t step in to handle, so I’ll have to rely on you. The higher the martial power, the better, I will go back and look at this book carefully, if there is really something desirable, you can also practice.”


Gu-Chensha learned "the Son of Heaven God Sealing technique". The first move "the Sun Moon Glow", the Sun Moon Refining in "the Sun Moon Glow", and the Sun Moon Refining in "the Giant Spirit God". Rumor has it that "the Giant Spirit God technique" was created by the Ancient Giant Spirit.


That the Ancient Giant Spirit is the Ancient Son of Heaven Guardian, not necessarily in communication with the Son of Heaven God Sealing technique.


Returning to the palace courtyard, Gu-Chensha opened the Giant Spirit God Kung Fu, and was greeted by the sight of a living, breathing giant, all sinew and flesh, with an iron fist clenched tightly, broad shoulders, and seemingly infinite energy.


On this giant’s body, there are acupuncture points and meridians, and there are graphics of energy transport.


This cultivation would not be a martial arts move, but rather a way of meditation, meditation, refining the spirit, and exercising the will.


Gu-Chensha’s martial arts training is quite deep-rooted, and after practicing the Son of Heaven God Sealing technique he is even more nimble and wise, and now this "the Giant Spirit God Kung Fu" is even more final, nothing profound.


He didn’t practice it, but he secretly experienced it, brewing it in his mind and thinking about it.


That martial knowledge repeatedly tempered and precipitated in his mind, and the final out essence, shining all over his body thoroughly, the martial spirit was threadbare, like the mane of star fire, flickering nonstop.


After a long time, he opened his eyes, and between the surge of tendon and bone breath in his body, the man had fallen out of the window.


He held the sun in his left hand and the moon in his right, which is the best technique of the Sun Moon Refining.


His body style is floating, sometimes like autumn leaves floating, sometimes like a great river rushing, sometimes like a rocket rushing into the sky, sometimes like a comet falling to the ground.


The strength of rigidity and tenderness has been truly Peaking the Transformation, and the spiritual cleansing can be described as pure as snow.


During the long training, he felt the two energies of heat and cold rising up in his body at the same time, clashing with each other, like ice and charcoal in a furnace. This is the Sun Moon Refining in the Son of Heaven God Sealing technique to a critical point.


He was in a trance, wandering out of the heavens, spirit and flesh separated, and seemed to see that the heavens and the earth were the cauldron, in which all things were simmering, and that those that were transcendent were essences, and that there were more living beings that became impurities and settled down to their doom.


"Heaven and earth are the furnace, creation is the work, yin and yang are the charcoal, and all things are copper!” He suddenly understood a few catchphrases from the Son of Heaven God Sealing technique.


Anyone who is in the midst of torment and suffering and can endure will stand out as the best of heaven and earth.


Bang!


In his body, a series of air bursts, like breaking into a butterfly cocoon.


The hundred acupuncture points all vomited into each other, faintly smelling like they were receiving the vital energy of heaven and earth into their bodies.


This is the sign of touching "the Dao Realm” The sign.


Of course, this is just touching. Of course, this is just touching, having the "sense of qi", is still far from being the Dao Realm, Accept Fasting, not eating the world and living by absorbing the essence of heaven and earth.


Once they do, they are no longer mortal.


Mortals spend their days running around, and in the end, they’re still running around for three meals a day. Even if the Imperial court is a major event, it’s all about filling the stomachs of the common people first.


And the Dao Realm person had to draw the essence of heaven and earth anytime and anywhere, how much less worry?


 
