Chapter 443
===========

Many secret arts were cursed. Even the Mystic Dao Sects were no exception. This was to prevent the ultimate techniques of the sects from being leaked after being obtained by their disciples.

In the Profound Immortal Dao Sect, many disciples had to swear an oath in front of the Patriarch's statue before they learned any cultivation methods. This oath was actually a curse. If they violated this curse, they would forget all the cultivation methods they learned. Otherwise, the arts of the Mystic Dao Sects would have been leaked long ago.

The Department of Tranquility was also prepared to implement this method. This was necessary. The human heart was unfathomable. No one knew when a disciple would have a change of heart. Dou Nineteen sent an unknown will into Jing Fanxing's mind, telling him many things before leaving. Gu Chensha ignored Jing Fanxing and continued his pursuit.

Even if Jing Fanxing recovered his strength, it would be useless. He would die from a single breath. The most important thing now was to obtain the Dragon Nurturing Art and Dragon Creation Art from Dou Nineteen.

"This Dou Nineteen doesn't dare to forcibly suppress Jing Qiu. It's clear that he no longer has any trump cards to ensure his victory. Or rather, he can't bear to use those methods. But if I force him to his limits, he can still unleash a fatal attack. It's not worth it. I have to think of a way to make him encounter danger again and use all his trump cards. Only then can I force him into a corner." Gu Chensha suddenly thought of something. "Right, Martial Emperor!" After the Martial Emperor appeared, he had gone into hiding.

He had threatened him before, but he was somewhat wary of the power of the Common People's Wish sphere.

Martial Emperor had obtained the complete Dragon Nurturing Art, but not the Dragon Creation Art. If Martial Emperor knew about this art, he would most likely have designs on it.

The Dragon Nurturing Art was a supreme method to nurture subordinates, and the Dragon Creation Art was even more so.

If Martial Emperor wanted to regain his former glory, he had to obtain the Dragon Creation Art. This way, he could nurture many peerless geniuses as subordinates. As long as he could nurture a thousand or eight hundred peerless geniuses, his power would snowball.

With Martial Emperor's methods, he could control those peerless geniuses and make them not betray him.

The three Heavenly Venerables had long obtained the Dragon Creation Art and nurtured their subordinates for many years. From this, it could be seen how vast their power was.

Dou Nineteen used the Dragon Creation Pill to help Jing Fanxing regain the aptitude of an unparalleled genius. He also taught Jing Fanxing the "Dragon Cultivation Technique" to strengthen his foundation. After all, the aptitude raised by pills was actually very unstable. However, he did not teach Jing Fanxing the "Dragon Creation Technique". This was tantamount to a bait, constantly hooking Jing Fanxing to do things. Dou Nineteen then left the desert and flew back to the Central Divine Prefecture.

One of the reasons Gu Chensha was following him was to find out how many of Dou Nineteen's subordinates had infiltrated the Imperial Court. In recent years, the Imperial Court had held the Imperial Examination every year, and a large number of scholars had entered the Imperial Court to become officials. The Imperial Court had also been expanding its territory in the Wilderness to accommodate more people and officials.

The operation of the imperial court had become a mechanism. Even Wu Dangkong and Gu Xuansha could not change some of the rules.

Moreover, there was also the Calm Immortal Department who was watching covetously like a tiger watching its prey, bringing order out of chaos. The imperial court's operations right now were extremely normal, still in a prosperous stage.

But in fact, there were also hidden dangers. When a country grew bigger, there would be poisonous insects and snakes hidden in the flourishing branches. This was inevitable. A huge tree had to be constantly rebuilt and eradicated. That was exactly what the Calm Immortal Department was doing. Within the Common People's Wish sphere.

Zhuge Ya was still refining the Heavenly Demon Tree, divining the workings of the heavens to increase his intelligence and cultivation base. At the same time, he was also cultivating many mysterious techniques.

The knowledge he had acquired was something that even the previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, couldn't compare to. Furthermore, he had broken through the twenty-third transformation of the Dao Realm, Past Reflection. After reaching this level, his control over his magic power had improved significantly.

At this time, he received a lot of information from Gu Chensha. He suddenly opened his eyes. "Jing Qiu is indeed powerful. It's about the same as my speculation. He actually improved so quickly. However, I'm afraid it's still impossible for him to become an anomaly. If it were so easy to become a Divergent, then everyone in the world would be a Divergent. "

Lou Baiyue rose to his feet. "That Dou Nineteen actually has the complete version of the Dragon Cultivation Technique and the Dragon-Creation Technique. The Celestial Calmness Department has to get our hands on those two techniques. Why don't I join forces with Duesha to kill Dou Nineteen?"

"No need. Dou Nineteen is Celestial Victorious' nineteen sons, and Your Highness is His Majesty's nineteen sons. The two of them are bound to fight. It's a clash of karmic luck. If Your Highness can defeat Dou Nineteen, you'll gain a lot of karmic luck.

In the future, you'll be able to avoid certain tribulations, "said Zhuge Ya." Let's see how Your Highness uses the Martial Emperor to deal with Dou Nineteen. " "The Martial Emperor disappeared after his resurrection. No one knows where he's hiding. Why? Does Mr. Zhuge know? "asked Lou Baiyue.

"I divined some clues, but Your Highness definitely has an idea.

But Your Highness must have an idea. After all, the Martial Emperor's resurrection was because he absorbed a third of Your Highness's bloodline. That's how he obtained the immense power and mysteries of his resurrection. There's a strong connection between him and Your Highness. As long as Your Highness doesn't hide your heavenly secrets, the Martial Emperor will know. "

Zhuge Ya said, "This is a good plan to kill with a borrowed knife. As long as Your Highness uses it well, you'll be able to reap enough benefits between the Martial Emperor and Dou Nineteen."

Gu Chensha kept a close eye on Dou Nineteen and discovered that the latter was heading to Jiangzhou in the Divine Continent.

Jiangzhou was a land of fish and rice. Thousands of rivers flowed through it, and all sorts of harbors and fish ponds dotted the land. Paddy fields stretched on endlessly. Since ancient times, Jiangzhou had been known as the "granary."

When it came to the Yong Dynasty, the imperial court increased the governance. They deepened the canals and rivers to increase the water storage capacity. They even connected many paddy fields together, vaguely forming a formation. This way, the rice planted would contain a faint amount of spiritual qi.

Jiangzhou's "Jade Spirit Rice" was sold all over the country. Even many overseas countries, tribes in the desert, and other peripheral forces would buy it.

Twenty years ago, this "Jade Spirit Rice" was a food that only the nobles could enjoy. Now, it was common. The nobles basically used higher-grade pills.

The great nobles and aristocratic families all ate Essence Enhancing Pills, Vitality Enhancing Pills, Minor Star Returning Pills, Fire Dates, and Purple-Green Immortal Peaches.

"Jiangzhou has been well managed for the past ten years. The yield of grain has been increasing every year. All the schools in the country are eating Jade Spirit Rice."

Gu Chensha looked at the paddy fields of Jiangzhou. They were like mirrors. The paddy fields were full of vitality. This was one of the foundations of the Great Yongchō court. Of course, the Tranquil Fairy Department was also planting.

Many paddy fields had been opened up in the Wildlands. Gu Chensha, in particular, had recently seized a huge mountain range with a radius of hundreds of thousands of kilometers from the Ape Race and opened up a huge road. With this road as the foundation, it spread out in all directions. It could be used for planting and reclamation, and it could also provide for countless people. It didn't matter even if the population increased by several times.

Gu Chensha felt that after dealing with the matter of Dou Nineteen, he would completely return to his fief. He would digest the ape tribe's construction, absorb the population, and properly manage it. At the very least, he would surpass the Sama Empire. He would use this to refine the order he was comprehending. He felt that this was the only thing that could help him comprehend more things.

The Life's Wish sphere had finished accumulating. He had a backing, so he could peacefully build and comprehend the principles within the construction of order. Whoosh! Dou Nineteen landed and actually headed for the governor's office in Jiangzhou.

"What? Could the governor of Jiangzhou be Dou Nineteen's man? Impossible!

This person has been personally summoned by Father Emperor. Jiangzhou is an important granary. When the nation was founded, Father Emperor placed great importance on it and sent the governor here. The current governor, Deng Pingyuan, has been in office for 20 years. If he's Dou Nineteen's man, Father Emperor won't use him at all. "Gu Chensha was shocked. Jiangzhou was an important granary. If Dou Nineteen infiltrated it, it would be very troublesome.

Although the Wildlands had been developed and had become a granary even larger than Jiangzhou, Jiangzhou's soil and water had been rich since ancient times. The quality of the rice produced was excellent. The Wildlands, on the other hand, had long been barren and polluted by the Evil God Barbarians. It would take a long time for it to become a place of great prosperity.

Gu Chensha landed in the middle of Jiangzhou City. The city's planning also had a dense water network. Rivers crisscrossed and flowed through the city. The rivers were as clear as crystal, without a single drop of sewage.

Generally speaking, the water network in these cities was used by the residents to discharge sewage. It was known as the sewers. However, after the Yongchō, there was a great effort to renovate it. There were underground pipes for sewage to be discharged into specialized ponds to be treated and settled.

Therefore, the city now had clear springs and clear waters. Fishes swam. It was a world of poetry and painting.

Gu Chensha looked at the governor's office in the distance. He was standing on a windy bridge. His heart skipped a beat. "Lord Martial Emperor, since you've appeared, show yourself. With your status, there's no need for you to hide." As expected, Martial Emperor silently appeared at the end of the bridge.

"You can sense me." Martial Emperor was slightly surprised.