Chapter 749
===========

The streets of the capital crisscrossed and there were old alleys everywhere. It was extremely prosperous, but it couldn't be compared to the old capital in the real world.

The old capital in the real world had been completely transformed into a paradise on earth. There was spring all year round, water flowed endlessly, and the roads were like jade. But the current capital had a different feel to it.

Many common people lived there, doing all kinds of business. Knights riding on horses and carrying swords swaggered through the streets. Monks, Daoists, and other people of all religions and nine classes were also mixed in there. In addition, the government constables also had spies everywhere. Among the common people, gangs, and disciples of aristocratic families mixed in with the honest folk.

Gu Chen had recovered his strength. He could do whatever he wanted in this world, even if he couldn't suppress everyone. His identity was still 'Chen Mo Jun'.

"As expected, there is no canal."

He walked to the edge of the capital and saw that the city walls were tall. Outside the city were some small rivers. There was no Yangtze River or Sky River like in the real world.

Heavenly Talisman Emperor opened the canal to connect the north and south, completely changing the situation in the divine continent. He destroyed the fengshui of many aristocratic families and violated the interests of many gods. But with his own strength, he sealed and killed all those who disobeyed him.

"Since father can do it, I can do it too."

Gu Chensha stood on the city wall and looked at the people outside. He felt that the bloodline of the divine continent was not smooth.

Only by opening the canal and making the gods could the people settle down. This was a step for all living beings to be united.

"Aiyo!"

Just as Gu Chensha was about to make his preparations, a cold voice rang out, "Isn't this Chen Mo Jun? Don't you usually go out in a sedan chair, surrounded by dozens of servants and maids, and a group of guards? Why are you out alone today? You have done so many bad things, aren't you afraid that your enemies will kill you? "

Gu Chensha looked over and saw a few young boys and girls. They were all dressed in luxurious clothes, and their auras were oppressive. It was obvious that they were from large clans, and they had the same status as his "Dustmojun", the sons of nobles.

The leader of the group was a man who was about seventeen or eighteen years old. He was tall and slender, and looked extremely handsome. His aura was changing and he had stepped into the Dao Realm.

The other men and women were also at the peak of the Martial Dao Mortal Realm. They were full of vigor, and it was obvious that they had trained hard since they were young.

"So it's Young Duke Lei."

Gu Chensha took a glance and already knew the background of these people in front of him. The young man who had stepped into the Dao Realm was called Lei Ye. His father was called Lei Poshan, and he was conferred the title of Mountain Breaking Duke. In his early years, he followed the Emperor to conquer the world and earned a huge foundation. More importantly, Lei Poshan was a disciple of the Lei family. The Lei family was a True God family.

In the real world, the Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha's mother, the Thunder Concubine, was from the Thunder Clan. However, the Thunder God was sealed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, so there was no way for him to reveal his spirituality.

However, in this dream world, the God of Thunder had the position of a true god. He had established a Divine Kingdom high up in the sky, and his faith was constantly spreading.

In the real world, the officials of the imperial court had great power. The prestige of the imperial court made even the families of sages and true gods not dare to act rashly.

But in this dream world, the imperial court was just a plaything in the eyes of these sages and families.

This so-called "Mountain Breaking Duke" Lei Poshan was just an outer disciple in the Lei family. Now that he had returned to the Lei family, he could not even show his face in public. However, he had a prominent position in the imperial court.

This contrast made Gu Chensha feel that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had really broken the rules and structure that the people of the Central Plains and even the human world knew.

A woman behind Lei Ye raised her head and asked, "Chen Mojun, we asked you to pay for the losses of our Hero Society. Why haven't you sent the money over yet?"

"That's right. Last time, you were drinking with a bunch of scoundrels and slandered our Hero Society. You said that the Hero Society was just a bunch of rich hedonistic young masters.

I got someone to send word for you to immediately come apologize and nurture three hundred taels of gold.

Are you taking so long because you think I don't dare to deal with you? "Lei Ye took a step forward and shouted.

There were many descendants of nobles in the capital. These descendants were divided into many factions and gathered together to form various societies. This Lei Ye was one of the higher-ups of the Hero Society.

Other than the Hero Society, there was also the Ming Huan Society, the Dragon Wen Hall, the Dao Discussion Alliance, the Green Cloud Society, the Long Song Society … These were all factions developed by the descendants of nobles and even members of the imperial family. Even "Chen Mojun" had joined a faction called the "Spirit Light Society." It was founded by the third prince of the imperial court, Wen Yuhong.

Wen Hong was the current emperor and held great power. He governed the divine continent and established his own legal system. He had many sons under his command, and all of them fought fiercely. In the real world, Wen Hong was all alone. He did not have a family.

Besides being the Son of Destiny, he was also the reincarnation of the Endless Cauldron. Now that he had obtained the Endless Cauldron, he had subdued the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor and obtained the Great Might Dynasty.

It was unknown whether the personality of the Wen Hong in the dream world was different from the one in the real world.

"Oh? Lei Ye, are you bullying me because I'm weak? It's just a drunken joke. I don't know where you heard it from. You want me to come apologize? And you want three hundred taels of gold? One tael of silver could buy a strong bull. Ten taels of silver could only be one tael of gold.

Three hundred taels of gold could buy three thousand strong bulls. Even a tribe in the wilderness wouldn't have so many bulls, "Gu Chensha said.

"Nonsense! Who wants to settle scores with you? Let me teach you a lesson first. "

The girl behind Lei Ye moved. Her legs were like the wind, and her arms were already in front of Gu Chensha's chest. This was the fourth stage of the mortal realm, the realm of a martial arts master.

"What a good Jade Girl Shuttle. Without ten years of hard work, one wouldn't be able to reach this level."

Gu Chensha casually patted and sealed off all the attack routes. Then, a gentle power spat out from his palm and pushed the girl back to her original position.

"This is!"

Lei Ye nearly jumped up. "Xiantian Earth Energy, hard and soft at the same time. How is this possible?" "Why is it not possible?"

Gu Chensha spat out, and a wave of Xiantian Earth Energy covered the few of them. "You probably think that I'm a spoiled brat? But the truth is different. My strength far exceeds your Hero Society's leader, Wang Yixian. From today onwards, I will form a faction called the Heaven Mending Association. The few of you will be my first members. In the future, all the disciples of the rich and powerful in the capital will join me. "

Gu Chensha had recovered his strength and was now at the Dao Realm 29 Transformation, Comprehend Chaos. Along with his Heaven Path Technique cultivation, it wasn't impossible for him to kill a True God.

But in this dream world, he couldn't use the power of the Paramita Gold Mountain and the Common People's Wish Ball.

However, he could kill the deities and merge them into a furnace. He could change the divine continent and accomplish great feats.

He could even obtain the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman and understand the secrets behind the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique. In the real world, the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman chose Wu Dangkong, so Gu Chensha couldn't use it. Here, he could obtain many secrets that he couldn't.

The Heaven Realm trapped him here, but because of that, he could turn the tables and understand many secrets of the Heaven Realm and the Heaven Path. This was a huge cultivation opportunity for him, so he definitely couldn't miss it.

"You are actually so ambitious."

Lei Ye and the others were trapped in the Xiantian Energy, but they didn't yield, "Your strength is indeed shocking, but even if you are at Dao Realm Transformation Seven, don't forget that I am from the Lei Family. Even if you are at Dao Realm Transformation Seventeen, the Lei Family can kill you with a flick of their fingers." "Lei Family?"

Gu Chensha smiled, "Sooner or later, I will subdue the Thunder God. All of you will submit to me now."

A power turned into a talisman and seeped into the bodies of Lei Ye and the others. At that moment, they felt like a seed was forming in their minds. His every move was being controlled by this seed.

"You!"

Lei Ye wanted to curse, but he had to think before he did anything. In his mind, the seed didn't allow him to curse, so he couldn't. "What is it?" "This is my technique. It is called the Law Heart Talisman and it filters your heart.

Each of your thoughts and actions have to be checked by the talisman. If they don't pass, then you won't be able to do anything. "

Actually, with Gu Chensha's current cultivation base, he could completely use the Great People's Purification Scripture to purify these people. However, he didn't do that, because after purifying them, they would lose their sense of self. He wanted all living beings to be of one heart. This kind of purification that lost their sense of self wasn't true unity of all living beings, it was an evil path.

After he discussed the Dao with the Dharma Saint, he thought about this matter. In the end, he merged the Dharma Saint's methods of ruling the world and slowly refined some things. The Dharma Saint used the law to rule the world.

If people broke the law, they would be punished. As time passed, people would know where the bottom line was and they would follow the rules. But the law could only restrict one's actions and not one's heart.

This meant that if you killed or set fire in the real world, you would be punished by the law. However, if you wanted to kill or set fire in the depths of your heart, the law would not be able to stop you.

The Heart Talisman of Law that Gu Chensha was currently refining was to add a layer of rules to the depths of a person's heart and filter their thoughts. Over time, it would cause a person's heart to have rules. This was also part of the unity of all living beings.

Such a technique was no longer a technique. It was a technique that could change the structure of the world. This was Gu Chensha's attempt. It was a massive attempt in his dreams. This sort of attempt might not be correct, but it was Gu Chensha's valuable experience.

"This …" Lei Ye only felt that the moment he had any thoughts of harming this "Dust Mo Jun", those thoughts would be destroyed by the Child Talisman "Law Talisman" in his mind, causing those thoughts to disappear without a trace. In other words, from now on, he could not betray Chen Mojun. His thoughts, thoughts, and heart were all being controlled.