Chapter 609
===========

Male. All life in the world, gods, demons, demons, humans, immortals, ghosts, and all other living things.

Wan Senshi wanted to gather all of them together and hold a great sacrifice. This was the Sacrifice of the World Salvation. If all life in the world, all living things, could carry out the Great Rite of Salvation at the same time, then perhaps the Heavenly Dao could be reversed and strengthened. This was what Wan Senshi wanted to do. It wasn't some crafty plot. At his level, there was no need for any schemes. All he needed was the power of heaven and earth.

No one knew how many living things there were between heaven and earth. The Land of Infinity alone was limitless. In addition to the Land of Infinity, there were many other worlds, dimensions, and planes of existence in the depths of space-time turbulence.

If many ancient beings discovered a thousand worlds, then there would be god-level experts in those worlds, as well as countless countries, immortals, demons, and so on. They would form their own systems.

If all of the power was gathered together to carry out the Sacrifice of the World Salvation, then they would definitely be rewarded for saving the world.

"You know a lot, kid." Wan Senshi laughed. "It seems that Wu Dangkong told you all this?

She is indeed the key to carrying out the Sacrifice of the World Salvation. Without her Heavenly Sacrifice Decree, it would be difficult to complete the Sacrifice of the World Salvation.

However, the Sacrifice of the World Salvation must be carried out in the Divine Central Continent, because it is the center of all worlds. If we gather all of the power here and carry out the Sacrifice of the World, then we can spread the idea of saving the world to countless other worlds.

In the end, countless worlds will be formed, and countless living things will be inspired to save the world. That will be the true end of Gu Taxian. This is what they mean when they say that all living things are of one heart. "

"Master's plan is simply incomparable. Even the three great Heavenly Venerates would not be able to execute such a grand plan. If Master's plan succeeds, wouldn't he become the savior of the world?" Jing Fanxing knew that his great opportunity had arrived.

"I'll tell you the main point of the plan. The Heavenly Dao has been corroded by the Outsiders, and the world is about to be destroyed. Doomsday is coming, and we have to prepare to save the world.

I don't need you to believe in me. Your Holy Sama Empire can believe in whoever you want to believe in. However, even if you believe in any existence, it must still exist in this world. If the world no longer exists, what's the use of faith? "Wan Senshi's every word was the truth.

"Master, is Wu Dangkong the savior of the world?" Jing Fanxing asked. "If he is, why is she so useless?

Under the attacks of the little bastards from the Tranquil Immortal Department, they were forced to retreat step by step. I'm afraid the real savior of the world wouldn't be so weak. "

"Don't underestimate the people from the Celestial Tranquility Department. Even the Dharma Saint, Xing Qiongshi, and The Great Spirit God have suffered greatly."

Wan Senshi said, "If you still look down on them even though your cultivation is high enough, I'm afraid you'll still suffer greatly.

As for the true Lord of the World, he had yet to appear. Once the Lord of the Sun and Moon appeared, the Lord of the World would most likely appear.

However, since I'm presiding over the Great Sacrificial Rite, the Lord of the World will definitely be drawn here.

If my guess is correct, the Lord of the World is currently in the Divine Central Continent, and has yet to awaken. If I can find him, I'll have a fortuitous encounter. " As he spoke, Wan Senshi suddenly made a grasping motion. Instantly, a stream of energy wrapped around Jing Fanxing.

Then, a medicinal pill appeared within the stream of energy. It was transparent and white, and as it circulated, an old man with a human head and a dragon's body appeared within it. (This chapter is not complete. Please continue to the next page.)

"This is a Holy Dragon Pill. Back when I entered the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Universe, I gathered the Qi of the Holy Dragon and refined it. Since you've come across such a great opportunity, I'll cleanse your marrow."

Wan Senshi used his own supreme Arcane Art to refine the medicinal strength of the pill, then infused it into Jing Fanxing's body. Then, he flipped the pill over, and another medicinal pill appeared.

It glowed with brilliant light, and there seemed to be pure gold flickering within. Under the power of his magic, the pill changed completely, becoming the color of primal chaos.

"This is a Longevity Life Replenishing Pill that I obtained. You've used up your lifespan while cultivating in the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. You've been in a rush to succeed, which has resulted in your foundation being damaged. I'll use this pill to help you replenish it. This pill was obtained by the ancient Son of Heaven, who killed a devil and took his lifespan as a sacrifice to the heavens. It's not something that can be refined by humans.

After taking this pill, even if you don't cultivate, you'll still have a lifespan of three thousand years. " Wan Senshi had actually taken out two medicinal pills that even gods and Saints would be envious of.

It was clear how rich this giant's resources were. He was actually the senior of the three great Celestial Sovereigns. Who knew where this old antique had come from?

Wan Senshi's body shook violently, and he melted all the medicinal strength into Jing Fanxing's body. He didn't stop there. With a light shout, the Great Dao rotated, and countless starlight appeared out of thin air, turning into numerous Astral Dragons that gathered in the sky above Jing Fanxing's head.

"Jing Fanxing, you are a Tribulation Taker and have great power. This time, after suffering a calamity and being reborn, you'll definitely have great achievements. In the future, you should be able to assist the Savior of the World, and your achievements won't lose out to mine."

Wan Senshi pointed out, and these Astral Dragons all entered Jing Fanxing's consciousness, manifesting images of the birth and destruction of stars. Jing Fanxing's Spirit Force increased greatly.

"This is a wondrous technique that I've comprehended. If you cultivate it diligently, you'll definitely have success. This technique is called the Life and Death Transformation Dao. The superficial world is like a great dream. Life and death are like bubbles and shadows, and a speck of dust is like the universe. If you cultivate this technique, the transformations will become one, your realm will be unrestrained, and your spirit will never die!" Wan Senshi forcefully injected a large amount of power into Jing Fanxing's body.

Jing Fanxing's body suddenly exploded, turning into balls of energy that continued to circulate. His cultivation level rose steadily. "You were originally at the 22 Transformations of the Dao Realm. Although you were beaten back to your original state, your comprehension and memories are still there. I'll reverse time for you.

This way, you'll be able to recover your cultivation level. It'll still be at the 22 Transformations, Lawful Manifestations of Heaven and Earth. Also, I used the Holy Dragon Pill to raise your talent to the level of an Innate Saint. You'll be able to cultivate to a higher level soon. Also, your opportunity is about to come. "

As expected, under Wan Senshi's control, Jing Fanxing's cultivation level was completely restored. His power was almost limitless. His body moved, and with a rumble, he actually turned into a River of All Things. The quality of his magic power had reached the fifth level of the True Dragon Technique. This level was simply terrifying.

Wan Senshi's shocking methods could indeed steal the fortune of heaven and earth. He had already reached an unbelievable level.

After roaring for a full hour, Jing Fanxing's body changed. He was back in human form. "Gu Chensha, I definitely won't let you have it easy! I'm going to completely destroy you!

I'll let you taste what it feels like to lose all your power. I'll also make you wish you were dead! " (This chapter isn't over, please continue.)

"If you still think like that, you'll probably be beaten back to your original state by Gu Chensha. The current Gu Chensha isn't someone you can deal with."

Wan Senshi sighed. "With his current cultivation level, as long as he intentionally hides it, I won't be able to kill him. If he uses the power of a medium-sized world, even a Saint who has cultivated to the 36 Transformations of Embodiment Embodiment will have to retreat. Your current bit of power is just a strand of hair in front of him. He can turn you to ashes with a single breath. How can you be his match? " Jing Fanxing's eyes dimmed.

He had heard a lot of news recently, especially about the Imperial Court Conference half a year ago. Gu Chensha had displayed his ferocious might, forcing many Deity rank old ancestors into a sorry state. With Jing Fanxing's current cultivation level, he had already recovered to his peak strength. However, revenge was still a long way off. Even if he were ten thousand times stronger, he still wouldn't have any hope of doing so.

Deities had microscopic worlds, and a thousand microscopic worlds were equivalent to a minor chiliocosm. A thousand minor chiliocosms were equivalent to a medium-sized world. In theory, a medium-sized world was equivalent to a million Deity rank experts. How could Jing Fanxing possibly compare to such an enormous power?

Of course, with Gu Chensha's current cultivation level, it was impossible for him to mobilize the full power of a medium-sized world. A medium-sized world was like a country. When it went on a campaign against the outside world, it was impossible for every citizen to be a soldier.

"Don't be discouraged. Gu Chensha is far too heaven-defying. He will surely meet his doom. At that time, not even the heavens and the earth will tolerate him. That will be the end of his road for him."

Wan Senshi said, "Right now, this boy's luck is still flourishing, but that's all part of Gu Taxian's plan. As more and more fortuitous encounters erupt in the Divine Prefecture, it will become increasingly difficult for him to manage the world. The world is in turmoil, and there has never been a lack of ambitious people. As long as there are ambitious people, the world will not develop according to the wishes of those of the younger generation." "Master, I understand. I must endure and wait for an opportunity."

Jing Fanxing buried his killing intent deep in his heart. "That Gu Chensha won't have a good time sooner or later."

"That's right. As long as we successfully hold the Great Ceremony of Salvation, it will be their doomsday," Wan Senshi said.

"Master, should I go to the Divine Prefecture now?" Jing Fanxing asked.

"You can send an avatar there, but your main focus should still be on the way of governing the country. You should truly expand the Holy Sama Empire and create a brand new civilization in this vast desert. This kind of cultivation is not something that can be compared to condensing magical power and comprehending realms.

Of course, if your incarnation goes to the Divine Prefecture, you will find great opportunities. "Wan Senshi took out a treasure. It was a painting.

Within the painting, there were mountains, rivers, and people. In the center of the mountains and rivers was a great tree, which covered most of the painting. It had an endless flavor. The painting was a primordial treasure, and contained a microscopic world.

"This treasure was personally refined by me. It's called the Dao Querying Painting. Within it is a world of its own. There are many living beings, valuable existences that I have sealed in countless worlds. Then, the great tree in the painting is called the Minor World Tree. This Minor World Tree was formed from my comprehension of the Primordial Tree. It is superior to the Heavenly Demon Tree and the Tree of Wishes. You can study this treasure and use its power to make the Holy Sama Empire grow explosively. " (End of Chapter)