Chapter 988
===========

A Hundred Years Chapter 985 A Hundred Years

"Not bad, not bad. That Zhang Yiren seems to have a great destiny too. He's starting to transform and evolve faster."

At this moment, somewhere in the human world, Gu Chensha was strolling leisurely, observing the changes in the human world. Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, and the others had all come to the human world and were secretly working. This was some of his plans. At some crucial point in the future, the entanglement between the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian would completely collapse. The moment it collapsed, it would be like a flash flood. Everything would fall into the human world. At that time, the human world would truly be in chaos and expand once again. It was necessary to make arrangements in the human world in advance.

Moreover, Gu Chensha also discovered that the entanglement between the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian had produced a terrifying will that was showing signs of strengthening.

In other words, during the entanglement between the two, the origin didn't weaken, but became more and more tyrannical.

In Zhang Yiren's subconsciousness, there was not only the will of the ancient dao immortal that carried the huge variation origin, but also the will of that terrifying thing.

Of course, there was another person that carried the will of that terrifying thing, and that was the Taoist Ancestor's Hongling Sand.

The Taoist Ancestor's Hongling Sand had subdued many carriers of the variation origin. These people had already turned into protective lights and merged into the protective lights behind the Taoist Ancestor's head to become divine generals. They were actually subdued, and the terrifying thing's will naturally merged into the depths of the Hongling Sand's will.

Last time, when Gu Chensha helped the Hongling Sand condense again, he had already discovered that the woman's accumulation was very deep. This power gathered together and formed many obstacles. Even the Dragonless Heart Sutra couldn't remove it. However, Gu Chensha didn't completely help the Hongling Sand remove it, because this matter still depended on himself.

Moreover, he wanted to observe the changes in Zhang Yi Ren and the Grand Plume Sand. From there, he would be able to grasp the traces of that terrifying thing and create a giant net that could cover the sky. Then, he would be able to capture and capture this terrifying thing. At that time, it would be the time for him to retreat. It would also be the time for the entire world to ascend and for all living beings to enter an unprecedented realm. In Gu Chensha's eyes, no place in the human world could escape from his surveillance.

With a thought, he could scan the entire Human Realm. Not to mention the Heaven Realm, Heaven Origin, Heaven Longevity, Celestial Venerables, Sages, and God-level experts were all under his control. Even Gu Huasha and the Emperor Of Heaven were under his control. The mountains, rivers, grass, trees, the changes of ants, and even the tiniest particle could not escape his control.

He injected his power into the human world, and at the same time, he gained control of the human world.

It was like investing in a Chamber of Commerce. If you injected capital into the Chamber of Commerce, you would naturally obtain shares of the Chamber of Commerce.

In the center of the human world, in the capital of the Human Dynasty, on the east side of the palace, Qi rose like thousands of dragons roaring non-stop. In the end, it formed a huge throne that was surrounded by tens of thousands of dragons. It seemed that some kind of Heaven Realm aura was slowly being born, indicating that the master of the East Palace, Crown Prince Zhang Yiren, would soon advance to the Heaven Realm.

Gu Chensha was not surprised that Crown Prince Zhang Yiren had advanced to the Heaven Realm. After all, he had a huge mutated source and a terrifying thing's will in his body. In addition to condensing the Qi of the Human Dynasty and refining the immortal, his progress was extremely fast. Moreover, Zhang Yiren was also one of the focal points of the heaven and earth. In the future, there would be more and more Heaven Realm experts.

Gu Chensha sat down cross-legged and operated his mind. He began to analyze the fate and cause and effect of all living beings in the human world. All the fate and cause and effect of all living beings were involved like a mess. However, Gu Chensha analyzed each and every one of them. He peeled the cocoon and pulled the silk out, restoring the chaos to an orderly existence. This was true cultivation.

Ordinary experts, even if they cultivated to the Sky Origin Stage, or even the Heaven Realm Stage, would not be able to grasp the many karma and fate. Only by reaching the Heavenly Dao Realm, could they capture the karma and fate, peel off the cocoon and clean it up.

Just like the Heaven Realm in the past, everything was intertwined. Karma and retribution would not feel good for ten thousand generations.

But now, the Heaven Realm almost had no power. The karma between the heaven and earth was completely out of control. And now, Gu Chensha had replaced the Heaven Realm to clean up the karma and fate of the world.

This was the realm. When everyone was gathering sacrifices and faith to refine the immortal, Gu Chensha had already begun to clean up the karma and adjust the fate. This was true cultivation. At this moment, Gu Chensha was no longer controlled by fate, nor did he jump out of the control of fate. Instead, he was creating fate. Ordinary people could not jump out of the control of fate. But those with profound cultivation could evade fate.

No matter how profound they were, they could completely destroy the traces of their own fate, completely ignoring the karma and fate that fate had blessed them with.

And Gu Chensha not only eliminated his own fate, but also scattered all the fate lines and condensed them again. In his hands, fate had completely submitted, and could be born and destroyed at will.

Fate was a huge river. Not only did it contain one's own fate, but it also contained the fate of the world and the fate of all living beings. Originally, the fate of the entire world was controlled by the Heaven Realm, and everything was set according to order. But Gu Chensha had completely shattered the direction of this fate. In the words of the common people, he had succeeded in defying the heavens. The Heaven Realm could not be defied, but Gu Chensha had succeeded in defying the heavens, and the future was unpredictable.

When no one could predict it, Gu Chensha would have to recreate the fate of the future, and the direction of the entire world. Everyone's fate was like a small ravine, or a small tributary.

Unblocking everyone's fate and connecting them together was like controlling a flood, dredging the waterways, and then connecting these waterways together, converging into a huge river, becoming the river of fate.

The fate of all living beings, everyone had their own pattern, and now it was chaos. Gu Chensha first injected his power into the human world, causing all living beings to obtain fortuitous encounters. This was equivalent to unblocking the fate of a portion of people, gathering their fate together to form a river, and then controlling the fate of the world, space, celestial bodies, and the fate of all living beings. This was no longer a realm and cultivation that could be described with words.

He could see through the fates of all living beings, change their fates, create their fates, twist their fates at will, and crush their fates. In Gu Chensha's hands and eyes, there were no secrets to speak of. He could rub them as easily as rubber.

This was even more powerful than when the Heaven Realm was at its peak. In the past, the Heaven Realm had encountered resistance from the prehistoric civilization, and they had even created a system in an attempt to capture the Heaven Realm, refine it, and replace it.

In the eyes of those people from the prehistoric civilization, the Heaven Realm was just a system, a brain that could calculate. Actually, it could be said that. It was just that the prehistoric civilization did not succeed. The one who succeeded was Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha could now be considered to have truly replaced the Heaven Realm.

The human world continued to develop. Only a few experts who had cultivated to the Heaven Realm could vaguely feel that there was something strange about fate. However, they couldn't see it clearly.

Time passed year by year, and the development of the human world was in full swing. Countless empires and countless experts appeared, and countless experts fought each other, just like the Heaven Realm back then. In the blink of an eye, 100 years had passed.

In these 100 years, the general situation was relatively calm, but there were turbulent undercurrents. Rumble!

After 100 years, Gu Chensha's body trembled. In the unseen world, the fate of almost all living beings gathered into a river as he refined it. This was the River of Fate. He had recreated the River of Fate, which was the future of all living beings.

The River of Fate flowed towards the future, and the future was the highest realm of the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method. Everyone would reach the realm of self-sufficiency and become independent. Finally, they would achieve transcendence, and fate would disappear. The River of Fate would be replaced by the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method. From then on, all living beings would not have any pain, sadness, happiness, or other emotions. They would only have freedom, complete peace, and eternal happiness.

The fate of the world and the fate of the heaven and earth were the same. The heaven and earth no longer existed, and so did space-time. However, this was not destruction, but a higher realm.

This realm could no longer be described as life and death. It could be said to be life, but it was not life, and it could be said to be death, but it was not death.

Life and death, fate, joy, anger, sorrow, and joy could not be clearly explained in this realm, just like how summer bugs talk about ice. This was a realm that all living beings could not understand.

"Shh …" Gu Chensha slowly stopped his work. A hundred years passed in an instant. While he was adjusting his fate, creating his own destiny and arranging the future, the Human Realm had already changed beyond recognition. However, what Gu Chensha cared about was not these things.

What he cared about was the fate that he had arranged for all living beings, which was the highest realm of the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method. Everyone would transcend, everyone would become eternal, and everyone would completely evolve. However, perhaps the living beings would not like this arrangement, and they might even think that he was destroying the world. They might even unite to resist him. However, they would be wrong, and he was doing this for their own good. They would not understand. Buzz … Just as Gu Chensha finished, another person appeared in front of him. It was the Fourth, Gu Huasha.

"The Fourth, it's you?"

Even though Gu Chensha asked this, he was not surprised at all, as if he knew that the Fourth would appear in front of him. "Your cultivation rose so quickly? This is beyond my expectations. "

"A hundred years have passed, so of course I have improved. However, no matter how much I improve, I will not be able to keep up with you."

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, looked at the void. "Old Nineteen, I did not expect you to start creating fate. The fate of the heaven and earth, the fate of all living beings, and the fate of the future. You have basically replaced the Heavenly Way and become a new Heavenly Way. However, I can conclude that the end of this fate that you have created is just your wishful thinking.

The living beings do not need to transcend like you. How is such transcendence different from disappearing? "