Chapter 1146
============

Begging for death to live Zhou Qin's death made Hong Yi and the others grieve for the death of a rabbit. Their fates were exactly the same.

If Zhou Qin could die, it meant that they could die as well. Moreover, Zhou Qin's death was the beginning of their deaths.

If they killed each other, they might be able to achieve something. But now that Zhou Qin had fallen into someone else's hands, they would become food for someone else.

"What should we do now?" Hong Yi asked.

"Right now, the most important thing for us is not to kill each other to prevent others from benefiting," Fang Han said.

Fang Han said, "Everyone, we should join hands and take back Zhou Qin's essence so that the six of us can remain as one. We can't let it fall into the hands of others. Otherwise, sooner or later, we will die without a burial."

"That's right. We no longer have a path of retreat. After all, this isn't our era, and we'll die as well," Jiang Li said.

"If this was our era, no matter what tribulation or danger we encountered, there wouldn't be any aura of death descending upon us.

But now, it's completely different. We don't have any halos, and we can die at any moment. Moreover, the further we go, the more dangerous it will be. Actually, if someone with a lifespan of a trillion appears, they can kill us. Although our strength has reached 900 billion lifespan, the difference between 900 billion lifespan and a trillion lifespan is too great. Although it's not as great as the difference between the Heavenly Law Realm and the Supreme Immortal Realm, it's still an existence that'll be very difficult to defeat.

Even if the five of us join hands, we won't be able to kill an existence with a trillion lifespan, unless … " "Unless what?" Yang Qi's eyes narrowed.

"Unless our strength fuses, our cultivation base will immediately break through the trillion lifespan, or even several trillion lifespan," Fang Han said.

"Actually, you've already discovered that if our attributes don't fuse, even if we join hands, the power we can unleash will clash. A million years ago, Lou Baiyue and the others made a fool out of us, causing them to advance to a hundred billion lifespan." "If we join hands, it's true that our strengths cannot fuse.

Instead, others will take advantage of our mutual rejection and use our cultivation to temper themselves. "Wang Chao said," However, we can't completely sacrifice ourselves to help each other. "

"I'll be honest. In this era, we're actually devouring each other. It's a pity that we can't do it to each other. But if we don't do it, we'll be devoured by others in the future. Zhou Qin is an example." Yang Qi didn't hide it anymore. He asked the most important question.

To these six people, it was true that they stood at the very peak of the universe. However, they were also very sad. They had to kill each other in order to obtain certain opportunities. If they didn't kill each other and absorb each other's power, they would be eliminated.

Originally, they thought that they could live in peace, but Zhou Qin's death had completely sounded the alarm.

"This is a difficult problem for us," Jiang Li said.

Jiang Li said, "It's clear that we must kill each other and absorb each other in order to survive. However, none of us are willing to die right now. Moreover, when we kill each other, it's very likely that our lives and cultivation will be seized by someone else. If that happens, we'll truly be consigned to eternal damnation."

"Then what do you plan to do now?" Wang Chao asked. "Are you saying that one of us should give up on ourselves to help one of you?"

"That would be the safest and most secure way." Jiang Li shook his head. "However, this is clearly impossible.

However, I feel that this matter must be carried out. Because in the future, if one of us obtains a supreme and exceptional divine ability and overturns everything, we will definitely be able to be resurrected and appear in this world. The reason why we can't be resurrected after we die is because of Gu Chensha's suppression. As long as we kill Gu Chensha, everything will be resolved.

"Now, I'm willing to give up everything I have. Why are we protagonists? It's because we have the courage and the courage to give up. If we aren't willing to give up now, then all of us will die.

"Today, we must resolve this matter decisively. Otherwise, the longer this drags on, the worse it will get. When the time comes, we won't even have the choice to give up on ourselves.

"I'll make my stance clear here. I can choose to die and help any one of the four of you." "Are you serious?" The others were shocked.

"Everyone, do you think that what I said was a lie?" Jiang Li narrowed his eyes.

"This is indeed a matter of life and death. It can't be ignored."

Wang Chao fell silent. They were the true protagonists, people from the future era. They knew very well how powerful the current situation was. If this continued and they couldn't break out of the situation, they would indeed be sitting ducks. However, to break out of the situation, they would have to sacrifice themselves. No one dared to do that. Now that Jiang Li was the first to step forward, everyone felt as though they had come to this era when they saw his actions. Everyone's hearts sank into a fog.

"I'm also willing to give up."

Hong Yi said, "I think death is just a temporary matter. Our destinies are actually linked together. Death is just waking up from a dream. It's just that we are afraid, afraid, and don't dare to take that step. Now, it's time for us to make a choice. I've already completely comprehended it. "

"I can also give up on myself." At this moment, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Wang Chao also gained enlightenment.

"In that case, the five of us are willing to sacrifice ourselves. We also need to find something to carry our destinies," Jiang Li said.

"In that case, we can sacrifice ourselves at the same time and infuse our strength into each other. In the end, the one who survives will be our combined body. This person will inherit all our strength, wisdom, and destinies. He will truly sweep through the heavens and surpass everyone. This way, once he obtains Zhou Qin's essence, the six of us will be able to join forces and challenge Gu Chensha. When that happens, we can all come back to life." "Then let's do it."

At this moment, these five people actually gained enlightenment and were willing to give up on themselves. They were indeed the protagonists of the future era. Compared to ordinary people, their willpower and decisiveness were much stronger.

"Sacrifice everything."

The five people — Fang Han, Yang Qi, Wang Chao, Jiang Li, and Hong Yi — formed a large formation and began the strongest transformation. Everyone began to sacrifice themselves, offering their lives. None of them had any selfish motives. They were all willing to die to help each other.

This was because they didn't know that if they didn't do this, they would fall apart. In the future, there would be no hope at all. Only by doing this could they help one of them and finally kill Gu Chensha and completely resurrect.

None of them had any selfish motives, and none of them delayed their sacrifices. They all acted at the same time. At this moment, the difference between them could be seen. If it was Gu Xinjian, the fake Gu Taxian, they would be scheming against each other.

But now, these people were surprisingly not scheming against each other. Instead, they were even more united and willing to sacrifice themselves. This way, they were actually on the right path. This was also their only chance of survival.

"As expected of the protagonists."

In the depths of the void, in an unknown place, Gu Chensha observed everything. He knew everything like the back of his hand. He saw that these five people had learned from Zhou Qin's death and were willing to sacrifice themselves to help each other. He immediately nodded, knowing that this was the most correct choice and change.

"Begging for life doesn't get to live, but begging for death gets to live. That's how mystical it is."

Gu Chensha absorbed the sacrifices of the five people and fused them together. His module seemed to be completely evolving and condensing into a physical form. Rumble!

At this moment, the myriad worlds seemed to be trembling, wanting to witness the birth of a great existence. Chi la!

In the process of the sacrifice, Fang Han was the first to disappear without a trace, followed by Wang Chao, Yang Qi, Hong Yi, and finally Jiang Li. It seemed that all the power would be concentrated on Jiang Li. Jiang Li was the strongest existence. But in the next moment, Jiang Li disappeared as well. In the end, he died without a trace.

In the blink of an eye, the five most powerful existences in the world completely disappeared. Then, the power that they had sacrificed formed a massive screen of light. Within the screen of light, countless amounts of power gathered together, forming a giant egg that was as tall as a person. This egg was the color of flesh, and it was formed purely from flesh and blood. However, it did not seem to exist in this world. This flesh egg squirmed non-stop, as if some powerful existence was being born from within. Rumble! A huge hand appeared.

It was a Boundless Deathless expert, with a cultivation base of hundreds of billions. He had only shown himself for a brief moment when he was trying to kill Chen Qi, but then went into hiding. It was hard to say how someone like him had been born. But now, he finally couldn't hold it in any longer. He wanted to snatch this flesh egg.

This flesh egg represented the strongest power, the strongest fate, the strongest intelligence, and the strongest means.

Whoever obtained it would be able to rise to the heavens in a single step, truly ruling over the myriad worlds, unrivaled under the heavens. Rumble! Countless powers in the world started changing.

A figure appeared in the huge egg. That figure seemed to have moved slightly, and instantly, a power that countless people could not understand spread out, forming ripples. As the ripples spread out, the huge hand that was grabbing toward them completely collapsed. The owner of the hand let out a miserable shriek before vanishing without a trace. Kill! Another expert appeared, wielding a long spear and stabbing towards the flesh egg.

The flesh egg didn't move at all. The flesh and blood on its surface condensed into a tentacle. This tentacle shook violently, and in an instant, the expert's spear exploded, unable to condense again. However, even more experts appeared. They were like sharks that smelled fresh meat in the sea.