Chapter 483
===========

Among all the aristocratic families in the world, the school of Legalism was undoubtedly number one.

Before the Dharma Saint awakened, the strength of the school of Legalism was still incomparable to the other aristocratic families. Once the Dharma Saint awakened, even the Black Heaven Earth Sect would have to look up to him.

The Dharma Saint being able to break free from the Heavenly Dao's influence and restrictions, resurrecting and returning to the human world was an unprecedented miracle. At the very least, there had never been a Sage who had perished and fused with the Dao who could return to the human world.

At most, the descendants of the Sage's family would offer sacrifices and obtain sufficient power. After exhausting it, the Sage would manifest his spirit and instruct them on something. The manifested Sage did not have much power. It was just a mysterious profound meaning.

But now, the ability that the Dharma Saint could unleash was actually able to resist the attacks of The Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor. This was a power that surpassed the 36 Transformations.

Of course, the Dharma Saint being able to break free from the Heavenly Dao's restrictions and reveal his body was most likely due to a flaw in the Heavenly Dao's rules and was suppressed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor could even distort the Heavenly Dao's edict. Indirectly, it was equivalent to helping the Dharma Saint. This was probably the reason why Gu Chensha could cultivate the Heavenly Dao technique.

It was a pity for Gu Chensha that he still could not obtain the secret of the Dharma Saint resisting the Heavenly Dao's influence.

Although he had obtained a large amount of treasures from the school of Legalism and earned a lot, he still felt a little regretful that he did not obtain the most important thing.

Apart from the school of Legalism, the second strongest family should be the Wu family. Gu Chensha had been to the Wu Province many times and observed the Wu family's situation. He knew that the Martial Sage's legacy would definitely be earth-shattering. The arrangements of these Sages were far in the past.

"Change, Wudang Rise!" Gu Chensha circulated his Heavenly Dao technique and transformed into Wudang Rise again.

The real Wudang Xing was now under Zhuge Ya's control and had become a chess piece. They were also biding their time, using the identity of the Heaven Alliance's special envoy to gather information everywhere. They had also contacted many disciples of aristocratic families. However, Wu Dangkong, Gu Tanjian, and Gu Xuansha had not found anything.

However, Zhuge Ya had not been able to understand the secret of The Great Spirit God from the jade talisman that Gu Tanjian had given him. He was still trying his best to decipher it.

The Great Spirit God was the most cunning existence among the many gods, so he definitely had his strong points. Even Gu Chensha felt that this god was definitely hiding somewhere, secretly observing the Calming Immortal Department, and even clearly understanding some of the secrets of the Calming Immortal Department. However, the Calming Immortal Department could not find any traces of this god at all.

Wen Hong's lifelong wish was to kill The Great Spirit God. Even if he had cultivated to the Deity level, there was nothing he could do.

It was true that he was the Child of Destiny in the past, and his aptitude surpassed that of Fa Wuxian. It would not be a problem for him to cultivate to the Sage level. However, the Great Spirit God was a True God and possessed a Deity Seat. He later abandoned the Deity Seat and laid out a series of plans. From the situation where he joined forces with the Sorcerer Ancestor to attack the Dharma Saint, this god had most likely broken through some kind of restriction and reached a whole new realm. This realm was something that Gu Chensha could not understand at the moment. After transforming into Wudang Rise, Gu Chensha went straight to the Wu Clan.

He had collected all of Wudang Rise's memories, so he was very familiar with the various situations in the Wu Clan. This time, he was going back to the Wu Clan to see if he could steal a crucial treasure from the Wu Clan like the Legalists. He would increase the cultivation of the Calming Immortal Department's Hope sphere and shift the blame to Dou Nineteen. Swoosh!

He had already flown to the sky above the Wu Province. From afar, he could see the five mountains — Yangwu Mountain, Yuanwu Mountain, True Martial Mountain, Martial Transformation Mountain, and Extreme Martial Mountain. These five mountains covered an area of a thousand miles in radius.

The five mountains were like a palm, towering over the land. The mountains were strange and beautiful, the waterfalls were like dragons, and the deep ponds were lined up. The scenery was picturesque. It was unknown how many profound mysteries it contained.

In the mountains, magnificent palaces were built. They were divided according to the height of the mountains. The higher the mountain, the grander the palaces were built, and they had a domineering aura. At the bottom of the mountains was fertile farmland. It stretched out as far as the eye could see.

They were all neatly divided. There were also houses in between the fields, and there were people specifically guarding them.

The terrain was concealed into a formation. In the past, when Gu Chensha came, those fields were all planted with the Wu Clan's "Lingwu Rice". But now, the Celestial Tranquility Department and the Heavenly Craft Institute had opened up fertile farmland in the Desolate Land. They had set up formations and experimented with planting all kinds of rice. The quality of the rice was much better than the Lingwu Rice. Hence, the Wu Clan no longer did these useless things. They changed all the paddy fields to planting all kinds of spirit herbs and refining elixirs.

Gu Chensha saw the changes in the Wu Clan. He knew that the rolling momentum of the Celestial Tranquility Department had forced these thousand-year-old aristocratic families to make changes.

When he flew to a place not far from the five mountains, he felt a huge force that prohibited him from flying. This was the Wu Clan's no-fly zone.

However, he was now a disciple of the Wu Clan. Moreover, he was Wu Dang Xing, who had an extremely high status. He slightly activated the Wu Clan's secret technique and sensed the five palm-shaped mountains. He was not affected. He descended toward the palace at the peak of the "Yuanwu Mountain" at the center of the five mountains.

"Yuanwu Mountain" was the middle finger of this huge palm.

On the peak of the middle finger, a huge palace was built. The materials were all the Martial Path Divine Crystals that the Wu Clan had refined for thousands of years. It was a treasure in itself.

This palace was the Wu Clan's meeting hall. It was used to worship the ancestors and hold family meetings. It was also the place where the upper echelons cultivated. Only the Wu Clan disciples who had cultivated to the Golden Core could come here.

The moment Gu Chensha's Wu Dang Xing landed in front of the palace, a few people sensed it and walked out. One of the young men was shocked. "Wu Dang Xing, you actually cultivated magic power!"

This young man was also an 18 Transformation Dao Realm Golden Core Great Dao expert. His name was Wu Dang Xian. He looked at Wu Dang Xing in shock. He could already feel the surging magic power from this person.

A year ago, Wu Dang Xing was also at the 18 Transformation Dao Realm Golden Core Great Dao. But now, he had directly advanced to the 20 Transformation Dao Realm Impermanence Gathering and Dispersing Realm Magic Power. It was simply terrifying.

This was done on purpose by Gu Chensha. He wanted to attract the attention of the Wu Clan's experts so that he could enter Wu Dang Clan's Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven and peek at many secrets.

After his trip to the School of Legalism and swallowing the Hong Meng Holy Pill, the circulation of his magic power became more and more exquisite. Although his realm didn't increase, his transformation techniques weren't something that God Realm experts and Sages could see through.

"Not bad, Wu Dang Xian. Although you are called Dang Xian, which means that you are in the lead, my cultivation has far surpassed yours. How about it?"

Gu Chensha's Wu Dang Xing was an extremely arrogant person. He looked down on all the heroes in the world and often mocked them. He was competitive in everything. Now that Gu Chensha was acting out this personality, it was just right.

"You …" Wu Dang Xian laughed from rage, "I know that you have been really active recently and have become the World Alliance's envoy. You have obtained many benefits, but I suspect that you have betrayed the family and are with Gu Tanjian. In the future, you will definitely harm the family."

"Wu Dang Xian, you are slandering me because of jealousy. Are you asking to die?" Gu Chensha's palm moved and pressed down. He was actually going to teach Wu Dang Xian a lesson.

"Don't cause trouble!"

Just at that moment, a palm appeared from the Wu Clan's hall and blocked Gu Chensha's palm. An elder walked out, "Wu Dang Xian, follow me into the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven. The few old ancestors want to meet you." The one who came out was the Wu Clan Grand Elder, Wu Gongxu. This person's cultivation had reached the Dao Realm 22 Transformation Heaven and Earth.

"Scoff!

Wu Dang Xian, I will let you off today. If you dare to shout in front of me in the future, I will rip your mouth apart. "The arrogant attitude that Gu Chensha displayed didn't cause anyone to doubt his identity.

As long as one was within 1,000 miles of the Wu Clan's five mountains, the formation formed by the mountains would be able to sense whether or not one was a Wu Clan disciple. Wu Dang Xian's eyes were filled with hatred but he didn't dare to say anything.

'It seems like Wu Dang Xing is used to being domineering in the Wu Clan. I can use this identity to incite internal strife in the Wu Clan and weaken the Wu Clan's power.' Gu Chensha secretly thought of a few good schemes.

Jiang Yi followed the Grand Elder into the depths of the Wu Clan's main hall and saw a giant tunnel that led into the void. It looked like an ancient wormhole.

Legend had it that in ancient times, there were void worms that could swallow chaotic space currents and create wormholes.

"Could it be that the Wu Clan has raised a Void Worm? Then, I will have to raise my evaluation of the Wu Clan. "

Although Wu Dang Xian was a well-known figure in the clan and was a Golden Core expert in the past, he didn't have the qualifications to enter the Martial Saint's Paradise. He wasn't clear about the true core secrets of the Wu Clan.

Following the ancient wormhole tunnel, Gu Chensha entered and saw a paradise that was different from all the other Dharma Realms. There were nine powerful auras guarding the depths of the Martial Saint's Paradise. In other words, the Wu Clan's foundation was nine Immortal experts!

Although they couldn't compare to the Thirteen Supremes of Legalism, they were still a force that could overturn the Divine Continent, Central Plains, and even the Eight Desolates.

The oldest ancestor of the Wu Clan was called King Wu Yu. He was the one who made the decision to send Wu Dangkong to the imperial palace as Concubine Ming in exchange for an imperial edict from the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor that extended his lifespan by a thousand years.

Entering the Martial Saint's Paradise, Gu Chensha felt absolute martial strength, a will that could break through everything. Martial dao could destroy the heavens, martial dao could defeat the heavens, martial dao could cover the heavens, martial dao could split the heavens.

This was the essence of a Martial Saint. Using martial dao to suppress and destroy everything. Any problem, any trouble, any karma, any shackles, could be resolved with martial dao. And in all Dharma Realms, there was absolute order and laws. This was the difference between the two Sages.

In ancient times, Martial Saints were the strongest in combat, but their overall strength was not as good as the Dharma Saint.

When Gu Chensha stepped into the Martial Saint's Paradise, the nine powerful auras of the nine Immortal experts had already scanned his body, but they didn't find anything strange.

"Wu Dang Xing greets the ancestors." Gu Chensha knelt down, his expression was full of respect.