Chapter 97
==========

Because of this, the experts of the Celestial Designer Institute could refine treasures, make tools, set up formations, and study all kinds of new and strange gadgets all the time.

Back then, the Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha wanted the imperial court to allocate a thousand sets of Horned Dragon Armor, and even the Seventh Prince Gu Fasha could do nothing about it. They could only pull each other back and forth. In the end, Gu Zhensha had no choice but to purchase a few hundred sets from the Celestial Designer Institute. The other princes did the same. If they wanted good stuff, they had to buy it with money. This was the rule set by the Celestial Talisman Emperor. But as long as you had good stuff, the efficiency of the Celestial Designer Institute was amazing.

Gu Chensha took out the Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pill, and Masao Xiangshan immediately left to prepare the blueprints. He couldn't wait any longer.

Seeing Masao Xiangshan leave, Long Yuyun looked at the treasures in the room. "Did you get these from the Demonic Ape Temple?

Apart from the beast soul stones, the Demonic Ape Temple probably doesn't have Blood Strengthening Pellets and Blood Tyrant Pellets, as well as Herculean Bull Leather Armor. These are rare treasures in the eyes of the nobles, but they are common in the temple. "

"I used your Sea Splitting Bead to break into the Peach County Temple. Now sell the Blood Strengthening Pellets, Blood Tyrant Pellets, and Herculean Bull Leather Armor. I'm not very familiar with the business, so I need time to learn. How much do you think these are worth?" Gu Chensha put away the beast soul stones.

"The Blood Strengthening Pellets and Blood Tyrant Pellets are in short supply in the market. You can sell them for a high price if you have so many of them. Including the leather armor, it's about 13 million.

If you want to sell the beast soul stones, the price will be higher, at least 80 to 90 million. "Long Yuyun was good at business and calculated the price accurately.

"I won't sell the beast soul stones." Gu Chensha waved his hand. "I'll sell everything else."

"That's true. Your skill in setting up the Spirit Gathering Formation is far better than mine. With the beast soul stones and the Heavenly Dragon Energy Gathering Flag, you can produce a lot of spirit liquid every day.

That's wealth. "Long Yuyun said," Other big families can't turn the formation into spirit liquid without this flag.

But I suggest you don't sell them, because you'll definitely need to recruit soldiers in the future. These are also resource reserves. As the war with the barbarians continues, the weapons, armor, and elixirs will become more and more expensive. "

"After selling the Blood Strengthening Pellets and Blood Tyrant Pellets, I'm going to buy them from the Palace Sect.

That's because these two are the purest medicine. At the same time, we need to buy a batch of Battle Technique Wine and Horned Dragon Armor. We need to get rid of the Barbarian Tribe's things and focus on the path of elite soldiers. "

The Heavenly Craftsman Institute's products were all high quality, so Gu Chensha naturally had to get rid of the inferior ones and buy the high quality ones.

Ten warriors wearing Herculean Bull Leather Armor could not defeat one warrior wearing Horned Dragon Armor.

"Alright, I'll do it right away. In addition, if you want to build a Spirit Gathering Formation in the mansion, you can get some jade stones from the Cold Dew. With the help of jade stones, the power of the Spirit Gathering Formation will be even greater." Long Yuyun suggested.

"I'm waiting."

Gu Chensha had a card up his sleeve. "If the Frost Jade Dew expresses her stance and stands on my side, with her intelligence, she will know that I want to build a mansion and will give me the jade stones. If she doesn't express her stance, then she is only using me.

Of course, I wouldn't accept the jades she gave me for free. I would definitely give her an even more generous gift. All I want is an attitude. " "Looks like you're more thoughtful than I am."

Long Yuyun didn't expect Gu Chensha to be so scheming. "Actually, you're not bad with the Cold Dew. How many people would be willing to give it to Heaven Dew?"

"Benevolent people don't use tactics, but it's understandable that they are forced by the situation," Gu Chensha said.

Only a few hours later, in the evening, Masao Kageyama came again. This time, he brought dozens of drawings and discussed with Gu Chensha in detail in the room.

"Your Highness, the layout of this mansion is called Green Dragon and White Tiger. The lake is the basin for gathering treasures, and the Watchtower is built in the middle of the mountain to suppress the Fengshui and Earthveins. When it's built, your entire fief castle will be like a tiger crouching and a dragon coiling around to gather treasures. The products in the fief will be harvested every year, and the livestock will flourish. Coupled with the deterrence of the Dragon and Tiger Qi, pests and insects will not dare to invade the fief …" Masao Elephanta went on to explain, "Also, this layout is called Hundred Saints Facing Truth, which is different from the ones above. Holy Elephants will be built on the mountains on all four sides, facing the center, and in the fief, there will be academies, arsenals, and civil and military affairs in the fief, all of which are interlinked. In this way, the entire fief will be filled with a scholarly atmosphere, and everyone will be intelligent and refined. It can even eliminate the hostility of the barbarian slaves, turning it into a peaceful place. There will be no thieves or criminals in the fief. The only drawback is that the Holy Elephants are too tall and too ostentatious, and it will easily attract the barbarian masters to come and destroy it. The maintenance cost is extremely high, and the defensive ability is also a little weak … Also, this Fengshui layout is called Black Tortoise Goes to Sea. The Black Tortoise is an ancient divine beast. Masao Xiangshan was eloquent and eloquent, introducing them with great care.

Gu Chensha was also slowly watching and learning. He felt as if his horizons had been broadened. Every blueprint had its own ingenuity. He had a complete grasp of the mountains, rivers, veins, and even every blade of grass and tree. He could change the world at will.

As he learned, he was enlightened again, and his cultivation improved. He even had an urge to go to the Heavenly Designer Institute to study.

The various knowledge that the Heavenly Designer Institute had grasped made him feel like a barbarian who had not accepted civilization at all. He was too ignorant, and he had to study more.

He talked until midnight and memorized dozens of blueprints. His understanding of formations deepened once again. "I'll choose this Black Tortoise Emerging from the Sea pattern to build my fief. The most important thing now is to strengthen the defense and counterattack. The barbarians won't let me develop easily." "I agree."

Masao Xiangshan said, "But this pattern requires a lot of cannons. With the castle as the center, we need to build cannons on the surrounding mountains. We also need to build bridges to connect the mountains and castles. It will cost a lot. Also, we will make the lake's transformation and all kinds of foundation construction perfect …" "Two Seven Sacred Heart Cultivation Pills."

Gu Chensha interrupted Masao Xiangshan's words, "In addition, I want the Horned Dragon Armor, 1,000 Fighting Techniques Wine, 1,000 Fire Talisman Spears, 30,000 Fire Talisman Bullets, 5,000 Elemental Energy Pills, 3,000 Elemental Energy Pills, 1,000 Elemental Energy Pills, and 10 sets of Mother-And-Child Universe Boxes.

In addition, I want a lot of ancient secret books about rituals, sacrifices, the actions of the ancient emperors, and formation layouts. "

"Deal." Masao Xiangshan did not bargain. He was afraid that Gu Chensha would go back on his word, so he immediately agreed.

Originally, Gu Chensha thought that he had asked for too much and was prepared to compromise if the other party bargained. He did not expect the other party to agree immediately, and he immediately felt that he might have suffered a great loss.

But he was also a man of his word. He could not go back on his word. He could only laugh at himself and think that he should let Long Yuyun handle the next negotiation.

"Please keep the matter of the Seven Sacred Heart Cultivation Pills a secret," Gu Chensha warned.

"Don't worry, Your Highness. This is a trade secret. Our Heavenly Craftsmen Institute has rules. If it is leaked, you will be stripped of your title and sent to do research in a dark cage. You will never be free again until you have performed meritorious service," Masao Xiangshan said seriously.

"Well, that's settled. When will we start?" Gu Chensha asked.

"We can start tonight," Masao Xiangshan said.

"Your fief can be completed in about three days, and the road will be paved in ten days. This is the fastest speed that the Heavenly Craftsmen Institute can achieve. What do you think, Your Highness?" "Three days?" Gu Chensha stood up abruptly.

"Why? Do you think it's too slow, Your Highness? "Masao Xiangshan asked.

"No, it's not."

Gu Chensha waved his hands. "It's too fast. Such a big project, no matter how fast it is, I estimate that it will take three to five months, or a year. How can it be finished in three days?" "What's wrong with that?"

Masao Xiangshan laughed involuntarily. "I have received the approval from the higher-ups. They attach great importance to this. We can use the decree to activate the Vigorous Heavenly Craftsmen Demon. Now, Your Highness can go back and make all the preparations." "Vigorous Heavenly Craftsmen Demon?"

Gu Chensha was a little excited. He remembered that when the canal was being built, many mountains blocking the road disappeared inexplicably. It was not something that could be done by human beings. Now that his fief could enjoy this kind of treatment, he wanted to take a good look. "In that case, I'll go back now."

"Well, this is the contract. Your Highness, please sign on it and pay half of the deposit. When the project is completed, you will pay the other half. This is the rule. When the time comes, you will have to report to the Emperor." Masao Xiangshan took out the contract.

"Okay."

After signing the contract, Gu Chensha said goodbye to Long Yuyun and took away the beast soul stone. He gave the rest to Long Yuyun to sell. In addition, he also gave the weapons he got from killing several old demons, such as the Blood Shadow Whip of the Blood Soul Hierarch, which would suck the blood of people. He also gave the Sky Halberd and the golden leather armor left by the Barbarian Tribe Marshal to Long Yuyun. These were useless to him, so it was better to exchange them for practical things such as the Horned Dragon Armor. After settling everything, he returned to his fief that night, which was thousands of miles away. He also wrote a memorial to the imperial court about the attack on the Barbarian Tribe.