Chapter 209
===========

Whoosh! Gu Chensha landed on the warship and revealed himself.

"Greetings, Your Highness."

At this time, Frosty Jade, Long Yuyun, Luluha's incarnation of Righteous Righteousness, and Long Zaifei were already on the deck to welcome him.

They were originally going out to sea, but upon receiving Gu Chensha's orders, they immediately waited and began to plan.

"Rise. I'm going to hide my identity this time. I can't be exposed." Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Let's talk inside." Everyone went down to the deck and spoke in the cabin.

"This Desolate Shark Warship is the latest product? It's not supplied to the outside at all. How did you get it? "

Gu Chensha's artifact refining skills were very exquisite. He could already see that the steel of this warship was very special. Its structure seemed to be composed of runes composed of many tiny particles. There were exquisite veins on the steel that seeped into the interior, causing the warship to be abnormally tough, light, and fast. It also had the ability to stabilize the wind and waves.

"Your Highness, this Desolate Shark Warship was exchanged by Princess Yuefu from the Celestial Designer Institute. She gave the blueprints of the Profound Sky Dragon Ship to them in exchange for many things. This Desolate Shark Warship is one of the things she exchanged for, and it's talisman steel that the Celestial Designer Institute created after studying the Profound Sky Dragon Ship."

Long Zaifei hurriedly answered. He was worthy of being called a peerless genius. After going through tempering, he paid close attention to everything and did everything without leaving a single drop of water. He then explained in detail to Gu Chensha.

It turned out that the Great Yongchō Navy's fleet changed very quickly. There were new things almost every year. This Desolate Shark Warship was an upgraded version of the Fire Shark Warship. It used a special steel recently developed by the Celestial Designer Institute called talisman steel. It was refined from all kinds of metals, blended, and forged into runes.

Talisman steel had already surpassed the essence of metal. It had become a treasure sought by all the grand clans, common experts, and even immortal cultivators.

"So that's how it is. The Celestial Designer Institute's technology is advancing with each passing day."

Gu Chensha used his true qi to seep into the warship. He immediately sensed the structure of the talisman steel and knew how to refine it.

This was a method he had learned after studying the Sun and Moon Glyph. Once he learned the Sun and Moon Glyph, he could master any talisman in the world. Moreover, he had even learned the "Great Xuan Hao Divine Ability."

Lou Baiyue obtained three magic treasures from the depths of the Bu Zhou Palace: the Sea Carrying Gourd, the Ten Thousand Miles Flying Cloud Flag, and the Black Vast Dragon Ship.

Among them, the Sea Carrying Gourd was integrated into the Dragon Gate. As for the Ten-thousand Miles Flying Cloud Flag and the Xuanhao Dragon Ship, she comprehended two cultivation methods, "Ten-thousand Miles Flying Cloud Escape" and "Xuanhao Great Magical Power", and she taught them to Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha was calculating carefully now, and had already calculated the structure of the Xuan Hao Great Divine Art. Therefore, to him, this "Desolate Shark Great Ship" was already completely clear, and there were no secrets at all.

Gu Chensha's body suddenly moved. "This ship does have some mysteries, but the Heavenly Craftsmen Department's forging methods are not exquisite enough. They haven't displayed the essence of the Barren Shark Ship's inscriptions. Since we are going out to fight, we need to strengthen this ship."

A cluster of astral clouds appeared above his head, and many runes were constantly changing within it. Rumble!

With a thought, the runes formed from astral energy burrowed into the ship, and suddenly, the whole ship seemed to be floating in the air. Crack, crack …. In the depths of the ship, the structure of the astral energy talismans changed accordingly.

In one breath, Gu Chensha evolved his innate astral energy into "Flying Talisman", "Spirit Gathering Talisman", "Fortitude Talisman", and so on, so that the ship could absorb spirit qi, travel through the meridians, and have the ability to float.

This Desolate Shark Great Ship also had many functions, such as cannons, and so on. Gu Chensha didn't change them, and only added some functions, sturdiness, and speed, so that the ship's overall ability was at least several times higher.

"Your Highness's innate astral energy is so powerful!

He actually refined the entire Desolate Shark Great Ship! "Long Zaifei said in shock," The Desolate Shark Great Ship can hold eight thousand people! It's practically equivalent to a city on the sea.

Even if you want to refine it into a magic treasure, you need at least a hundred people who have cultivated the Glass Jade Body to input it together and change the structure. Your Highness was actually able to successfully refine it by himself. "

Long Zaifei was an unparalleled genius, and he also knew that his talent was one in a billion. Although he looked respectful and humble on the surface, he still had a bit of arrogance and conceit in his bones. His cultivation had advanced by leaps and bounds, and he had comprehended a lot of things these days. He had many hidden techniques, but compared to the current Gu Chensha, he was still far from it.

Instantly, he nodded to himself. He felt that he shouldn't be proud of his talent, and he started to reflect on it.

"You all know the news I got from Bao Ming'er."

Gu Chensha's innate astral energy was boundless, and the dragon gate's absorption ability was like a black hole in the universe. It was endless, and it had the feeling of swallowing all things. The energy used to refine the entire Desolate Shark Great Ship recovered very quickly through the dragon gate's absorption of spirit qi.

"We received Your Highness's message, and immediately stood here to await orders."

Long Yuyun hurriedly replied, "But according to my intelligence, the strongest person in the Great Wei Dynasty envoy group is only at the seventh transformation of the Dao Realm, someone who can leave the ground and fly." "Bao Ming'er's intelligence should be correct. There's no benefit in lying to me."

Gu Chensha analyzed, "This is because the envoy group hid very well. It's normal that you couldn't detect them."

"It's our fault." Yu Han Lu hurriedly blamed herself, "I sent many spies in Baoyu Country, but they didn't find anything."

"We should think of a countermeasure now." Gu Chensha had no intention of punishing them. "Long Zaifei, what do you think we should do?" "Your Highness."

Long Zaifei thought as he answered, "The Great Wei Dynasty is our mortal enemy. Those who are not of our race definitely have different intentions. We should prepare an expert to assassinate that 'Gu Huo' at lightning speed.

Only by wiping out the envoy group can we put an end to the ideas of those with ulterior motives in Baoyu Country, and also intimidate the Immortal Dao. " "That Gu Huo is a Golden Core Great Dao expert, and it's extremely difficult to kill him. If I meet him, I can at most block him, but it's impossible to defeat him. "

Gu Chensha calculated, "With so many of us working together, we might not be able to kill him. Not to mention that the Great Wei Dynasty has many experts. If they have other plans, we will be in great danger."

"Why don't we ask Princess Yuefu to come and work together with Your Highness? Then this person will be easy to deal with," Long Zaifei said.

"Princess Yuefu is busy with the Immortal Dao and has no time to spare."

Gu Chensha thought about it. If he worked together with Lou Baiyue, they could really kill a Golden Core Great Dao expert of the Eighteen Transformations Dao Realm. But this was his own matter, and if Lou Baiyue interfered, not only would there be criticism from the Imperial Court, he would also not be able to train himself.

There were many things in the Calming Celestial Bureau, and Lou Baiyue and The Fourth were too busy. He had to take charge and help them solve their problems.

"Master, actually I have a secret technique that allows me to abandon this incarnation and use my life in exchange for great killing power. As long as I seize the opportunity, I might be able to harm a Golden Core Great Dao expert." At this moment, Luluha's incarnation of Yi Zheng spoke.

Gu Chensha looked at Yi Zheng's young incarnation. It was the genius of Chongyang Xuan Sect, Li Yaoyang. This incarnation was extremely strong, several times stronger than Yi Zheng's main body.

Yi Zheng's cultivation was at the Seventeenth Transformation, Splitting Dao Soul. At most, he could split into three primordial spirits. He had three primordial spirits, but only two incarnations. This was because he hadn't found a good body for the third primordial spirit to reside in. If he couldn't find a good body, then he might as well not have it.

If he found a fool to reside his primordial spirit in, not only would there be no benefits, but it would also damage the primordial spirit. In the future, it would be difficult to cultivate to the Eighteen Transformation Golden Core Great Dao.

Now that Yi Zheng had plotted against the genius Li Yaoyang, seized his corporeal body, and devoured his primordial spirit, his own primordial spirit would be nourished. Although he couldn't become a genius himself, he would more or less borrow some of Li Yaoyang's talent, and his cultivation would be extremely strong.

"This method won't work."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. Every time he saw Li Yaoyang's incarnation, he was deeply moved. He said to Long Zaifei, "Look, this Li Yaoyang was also an unparalleled genius back then. He entered the Celestial Dao and was unparalleled. But because of this, he actually fell into the hands of evil and was refined into an incarnation. This is a lesson." "Your subordinate knows."

Long Zaifei hurriedly said, "Even if he has outstanding talent, don't neglect him. The tallest tree in the forest will be destroyed by the wind. This is an ancient saying." "It's good that you know."

Gu Chensha said to Yi Zheng sternly, "You have committed too many sins. In the future, you must make up for them one by one. Isn't it a pity to just die like this?

Also, if Li Yaoyang's body is reconciled with the Profound Sect of Chongyang in the future, you must return it to them. " "Yes, master." Yi Zheng was a yes-man and didn't dare to say anything more.

Back then, Luluha had killed countless people. His sins were simply monstrous. Although he was subdued by Gu Chensha, Gu Chensha wasn't very at ease with him. He had to constantly warn him.

"Let's go. We can set sail now." Gu Chensha walked to the window and looked at the distant sea, "How many people did you bring this time?"

"With the Desolate Shark Warship as the main force, there are also thirteen other Wind Shark Warships as guards. We brought ten thousand people, all elite soldiers, and some goods.

Most of these people aren't soldiers of the imperial court. They are people from Dragon Sword Island and my people from Ocean Roc Island. I have incorporated them as a merchant group to do business in many countries overseas. "

Long Yuyun hurriedly said, "Because this time, the imperial court didn't make a big fuss, so we tried to keep a low profile and pretend to be a merchant group." "Well done." Gu Chensha nodded. The entire fleet slowly set off and sailed towards the depths of the sea. Everything was calm and peaceful.

However, just as the fleet set off, in the distant deep sea, in the deepest part of the sea, a pair of evil eyes pierced through the seawater and stared at the direction of the fleet.