Chapter 346
===========

Gu Chensha fled. He didn't look like he was in a bad state. He activated the Core Energy in his body, and as he flew, he merged the Core Energy into his bloodline and modified the various acupoints in his body.

This was a secret technique that the last Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, had comprehended. It was called the Scattered Pill Soul Nourishing Technique. It was a small technique, but it was very practical. At the crucial moment of cultivating the Golden Core, one didn't rush it. Instead, one gathered the Core Energy to a certain level and used it to nourish the body, spreading it into the acupoints to strengthen the foundation.

The Golden Core Technique was to first empty the body's foundation and form a Golden Core. Then, one would use the power of the Golden Core to improve the body and strengthen the acupoints. From there, one's body would be strong enough to reach the Size Manipulation level. But this way, when the Golden Core was formed, the body would be really weak.

When Jiang Gongwang saw this, he comprehended the technique. Before this, he wasn't in a rush to form the Golden Core. Instead, he stabilized the foundation and took his time.

Moreover, Jiang Gongwang's technique was really profound. He had seen through the secrets of the heavens and knew which acupoint to nourish first and which to nourish next. There was a secret technique.

Gu Chensha made use of the immense pressure from the four of them surrounding him to nourish himself through battle. As he fled, he cultivated this method. The gathered Dan Qi spread throughout his body, gradually creating a powerful force in his flesh.

His body contained the power of space and time, which flowed in his bloodline. Now that he activated it with the Core Energy, it gave rise to a strong absorption ability.

While fleeing, his body became like a black hole, sweeping away all the demonic energy within dozens of miles. The demonic energy once again merged into the Black Maha Sun. The demonic energy didn't turn into a demon god, but a pagoda. This was the Sky Demon Pagoda.

The current situation was that Gu Chen's sandbag was wrapped in a black sun. In the center of the sun, there was a transparent purple color. It was the spirit extracted from the devil qi and turned into immortal qi. And the pure devil qi turned into the Heavenly Devil Pagoda.

The Heaven Demon Pagoda Technique was also an Ancient Demon Dao and the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture recorded it. Last time, Gu Chensha killed a Dao Realm 18 Transformation Great Dao Golden Core demon which was absorbed by the Seven Colored Demon Vine. That demon was good at the Heaven Demon Pagoda.

After absorbing his soul and memories, Gu Chensha had also learned this technique. Later on, he had been imparted by the Skull Ash Demon Emperor and perfected this technique. When he activated it in the Demon Domain, its might would multiply.

He kept absorbing the spirituality in the Devil Qi to replenish himself, and the Devil Qi that was broken down turned into the Sky Devil Pagoda.

"Sky Demon Disintegration!"

Every time the four of them were about to surround him, a few demonic shadows would fly out from the Heavenly Devil Pagoda formed by his demonic nature. They would rush towards the four of them and suddenly explode. Although they couldn't cause any harm to the four of them, they could slow them down.

"Dammit! This little bastard's Devilish Techniques are actually profound, and he's like a fish in water within the Devilish Territory. He absorbs Devilish Qi to strengthen himself, and he's even refined Devilish Qi to attack us. If this goes on, then it really might be possible for him to escape." Elder Wang Ji couldn't help but stamp with rage when he was unable to injure Gu Chensha repeatedly.

"It is okay, he is just at death's door."

Jing Fanxing said, "Right now, he's using up his Core Qi to escape. Core Qi can only be condensed by combining the Nascent Soul and Stellar Energy. Unless he has a great medicinal pill, he won't be able to continuously replenish it. Otherwise, absorbing it like this in the Demon Realm will be like trying to put out a cart of firewood with a cup of water. If my calculations are correct, he'll be completely spent in a few days.

"I am just afraid that we will alert the experts in the Demon Domain and it will be hard for us to follow the plan." Gu Huo was a little worried.

"This is also part of our plan. If we meet an expert, I will use the Sect Leader's Talisman. That devil might not take the risk of offending our Black Heaven Earth Sect. We can scare him away." Jing Fanxing seemed to have many trump cards.

"That's good." Gu Huo nodded his head, "We will surround this kid and not let him escape from our control."

"He seems to be gradually escaping according to the route we've calculated. If we force him into a corner, we'll make it so that he has nowhere to run and we can do whatever we want to him." Xiao Yan was still very confident.

"If we want to catch this big fish, we will have to put in a lot of effort." Gu Huo nodded his head.

"I didn't expect a small seventeen-stage Dao Realm person who hasn't even formed his Golden Core to be so tough to deal with. The four of us are all at higher realms than him and normally speaking, I can kill ten seventeen-stage people alone. But he can actually deal with the four of us. If I face him alone …" After chasing for a long while, Elder Wang Ji was shocked.

"If you face him alone, then you will definitely die."

Gu Huo was really shocked, "This kid was only at Dao Realm Transformation Seven and he captured me. I was at Transformation Eighteen. He used Xuanwu's power but when I fought him alone and used formations, I was actually unable to refine him."

"The gap between Dao Realm Transformation Seven and Eighteen is huge. You actually can't refine him."

Wang Ji was more and more shocked, "This kid has huge potential. No wonder Emperor Gu Taxian is nurturing him. We can't let him live and he has to die."

"The four of us are working together and we are considered to be one of the higher-ups in the Celestial Path. If we still can't kill this kid, then where will our face go?" Xiao Yan didn't believe it. The four of them hollered and weren't afraid of alerting the experts in the Demon Region. Within Gu Chensha's land.

Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, Vermillion Bird, Xuanwu, and Jin Suibo were still cultivating and providing power to the Common People's Wish Ball.

At this moment, within the Demon Region, Liu Yu and the others were killing demons and sacrificing them to the Common People's Wish Ball.

They surrounded Gu Chensha's sacrificial altar. As the number of sacrifices increased, countless devil creatures were absorbed. Gradually, the sacrificial altar began to emit a vast amount of divine power.

"Originally, the large amount of faith that Aunt Hu built was stored in the Heaven Monster Book. Now, it is all being refined by the ball." Zhuge Ya could see what was going on in the Demon Region.

In the Demon Region, he could see Liu Yu and the others fighting the demons. Many demons were killed and sacrificed to obtain energy. They injected it into their bodies and refined it into Core Qi, which was brewing in their bodies.

To them, the Demon Region was an extremely good place to train. Not only could they increase their combat experience through killing, but they could also cultivate various mystic arts to nourish the Common People's Wish Ball.

"I wonder how Chensha is doing?

He entered the depths of the Demon Region to cultivate alone and was actually sensed by the Common People's Wish Ball. "Lou Baiyue was a little worried.

"There's no need to worry."

Zhuge Ya pondered for a moment. "Your Highness wants to condense your Golden Core and comprehend the Great Dao. There will definitely be tribulations, but with your intellect, you will definitely be able to turn misfortunes into blessings. Tribulations are opportunities. Blessings and misfortunes are closely related to blessings. However, I have to help Your Highness. " "What did Mister Zhuge divine?" Jin Suibo asked.

"Heavenly secrets cannot be revealed."

Zhuge Ya said, "There are Sages scheming against me. If I say something, I'm afraid the Sages will know." Whoosh! Mana rushed out of Zhuge Ya's body and condensed into his incarnation.

This incarnation walked out of the Common People's Wish Ball and suddenly hid itself. After a few dozen breaths, she arrived in the sky above the capital city, in the Imperial Concubine Ming Palace.

The Imperial Concubine floated in the sky and was surrounded by many restrictions. Originally, it was impossible for him to sneak in. However, he had absorbed an aura from Lou Baiyue's "As if the Emperor Himself Was Here" token, which allowed him to pass through the Imperial Concubine Ming Palace unimpeded. Zhuge Ya entered the Imperial Concubine Ming Palace, which was where Wu Dangkong lived.

He saw Wu Dangkong sitting in the depths of the palace, breathing in and out and circulating the Creation of Heaven and Earth. The flames in his body curled and changed.

"Concubine Ming, you have good cultivation." Zhuge Ya opened his mouth.

Wu Dangkong opened his eyes and when he saw that it was actually Zhuge Ya, he was furious at first but then he suppressed it, "Mister Zhuge, you actually barged into the palace and peeked at the Concubine Ming Palace. This doesn't seem like something a subject should do. If I capture you, I will cause Calming Celestial Division to lose all face." "Capture me?"

Zhuge Ya smiled, "Although I only have one incarnation, even if you are 10 times stronger, you won't be able to do anything to me."

Gu Chensha's current cultivation was at Dao Realm Transformation 17 and he could escape from the four experts. At the same realm, Zhuge Ya could kill the four experts instead. It was just so simple.

If Zhuge Ya was at Dao Realm Transformation 17 and faced the four experts, then the four experts would be the ones fleeing and they wouldn't even be able to escape. It was just so simple.

At the same realm, two or three Fa Wuxian would barely be able to fight against Zhuge Ya. At least five or six Gu Chensha would be able to fight against Zhuge Ya.

Moreover, Zhuge Ya had obtained some of the memories left by the previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang. He had already exceeded the realm recorded in the legends.

The Lord of Seven Stars had his own destiny and he also wanted to break free from the restrictions of the Heavenly Dao.

With Jiang Gongwang's experience and also relying on Heaven Talisman Emperor, Zhuge Ya had a high chance of controlling his own destiny.

"You!"

Wu Dangkong knew that this person was speaking the truth. The Lord of Seven Stars was immeasurable and even if Fa Wuxian came, he would definitely lose. "Why did you come today?"

"Concubine Ming, don't be nervous. I know some of your secrets. I came to help you do something big." Zhuge Ya waved his hands and sat down.

"You will join me? Why don't I believe you? "

A mocking expression appeared in Wu Dangkong's eyes. "The Calm Celestial Department has already treated you as an important guest and helped you get through this tribulation. If you betray the department, who would believe you? " "I am just helping you, Concubine Ming. I am not betraying the department."

Zhuge Ya waved his hands. "Moreover, the Lord of Seven Stars has always been helping the Son of Heaven. What do you think?"