Chapter 1008
============

Mount Chapter 1005: Mount

"Indiscriminate destruction? A life and death struggle? "

Gu Chensha laughed. "Fa Wuxian, if you can hurt me in any way, I'll never come looking for you again.

You've reached the peak of your strength. I wanted to keep you for a while longer, but you've obtained the power of that terrifying thing. You're courting death. If I didn't come, you'd soon reap what you sow. You think you can feign civility with that terrifying thing, but you don't know that you're overestimating yourself. " "Die!" Fa Wuxian wasn't in the mood to listen to Gu Chensha's bullsh * t.

His hatred for Gu Chensha was as deep as the ocean. Right now, he was going to put his life on the line and kill Gu Chensha.

"All arts come from the same source, a thousand hearts are one. Hundred elements destroy the world, ten directions perish together, one path is eternal!"

Fa Wuxian's entire body transformed into a pitch-black, lightless black rainbow. It rumbled as it pierced through time and space, attacking Gu Chensha's body.

This black beam of light could pierce through anything, and it could destroy anything that stood in its way. Anything that stood in its way was like a mantis trying to stop a chariot. Kill!

This time, Fa Wuxian circulated all of his cultivation base. He didn't believe that Gu Chensha could block it.

"Interesting. Interesting."

Gu Chensha laughed. He placed his hand in front of him, and the black beam of light touched his hand. It spun, twisted, and finally stopped, turning into a black worm. It crawled around on Gu Chensha's palm, but it couldn't escape.

"Gu Chensha, I want you dead!"

Fa Wuxian's voice came from within the black bug. He was furious to the extreme and began to transform. He once again condensed into a physical form in Gu Chensha's palm. He wanted to escape, but there was nothing he could do.

From an outsider's point of view, the Ancestral Devouring Art, which was so ferocious and majestic that it could devour all living things, was now like a tiny person who wasn't even three inches tall, hopping and cursing on Gu Chensha's palm, but unable to escape.

"Fa Wuxian, the world is about to change. The human world will welcome a new round of changes. That terrifying thing is about to come out, and once it does, you'll become a puppet or even a walking corpse. Even the walking dead, do you really think you can resist the invasion of that terrifying thing? "

Gu Chensha said, "Fa Wuxian, I want to establish a dynasty and gather all the ancestors. I want to use the dynasty's power to promote the dragonless sutra and expand the human world. Are you willing to be my subject?

I can give you a chance. As long as you turn over a new leaf, be respectful and humble, and don't commit any more evil deeds, I won't do anything to you. " "Gu Chensha, you're amazing. But you can't destroy me. You want to turn me into an ordinary person?

It won't be that easy. Even if you strip me of all my cultivation, I can still recover because I am the Devouring Ancestor. I can devour everything. My dao of devouring has determined that I won't die. I will become stronger and stronger, and in the end, I will kill you. "Fa Wuxian roared.

"Forget it, it seems like you're still stubborn. But it doesn't matter, I won't turn you into an ordinary person. It's meaningless to talk to you like that. I spent a lot of effort to raise you and let you become like this. I definitely won't let you become an ordinary person. You will be of great use in the future."

Gu Chensha smiled, "I'm establishing an imperial court, and I need a guard of honor. For example, a carriage, and a beast to pull it. How about this, I'll turn you into a beast to pull the carriage. Do you want to become a cow or a horse? Or a tiger? A wolf? A dog? " "Gu Chensha, you'll die a horrible death. How dare you humiliate me like this!"

Fa Wuxian became even more enraged. He could not imagine how he would end up like a farm animal. This was much worse than being killed. When he heard this, he was almost angered to the extreme. He wanted nothing more than to activate the technique of self-destruction right then and there, so that he would not end up like this. But now, he was in Gu Chensha's hands. It would be hard for him to die even if he wanted to.

"Stubborn fool, change!"

Gu Chensha moved his palm slightly. Instantly, countless talismans were added to Fa Wuxian's body. Immediately, Fa Wuxian's body started to change. He crawled on the ground on all fours. Fur started to grow on his body. He actually turned into a dog. But his head didn't change. It was a human head with a dog's body.

"Ahhhhhh …" Seeing himself become like this, Fa Wuxian was so angry that he wanted to vomit blood. He roared, "Gu Chensha, kill me if you can! How dare you humiliate me like this! Are you even human? "

Gu Chensha ignored him. Instead, he flicked his finger again. A dog's leash was tied around Fa Wuxian's neck. This made Fa Wuxian even more unable to transform. He could only appear in the form of a dog.

"Fa Wuxian, if you continue to shout hysterically, I can only make you bark like a dog. If you behave, I'll turn you into another beast," Gu Chensha smiled, "You can only be a dog now. You can't be a beast to pull the carriage."

"Gu Chensha, I'll remember this humiliation." Fa Wuxian's face was ferocious, but he suddenly calmed down.

"Let's go."

Gu Chensha ignored Fa Wuxian's hatred. He held the dog's leash and said, "Later, I'll find you a companion. It's that The Great Spirit God. He can also become a dog. This pair of dogs will become a characteristic of the Dynasty. " As he spoke, Gu Chensha led Fa Wuxian away.

Fa Wuxian's humiliation was indescribable. It was even more humiliating than the Lei family's Lei Jiyuan and Lei Jixue, who were forever kneeling on the plaza.

Back then, the Lei family's two brothers were only kneeling. But now, Fa Wuxian had become a dog. He was being led around by someone. Moreover, he had a human head and a dog's body. Everyone could tell at a glance that this was Fa Wuxian, the famous Devouring Ancestor Fa Wuxian. There was another place in the Human Realm called the Gods' Continent.

This continent was very big. It was almost a unique universe. Although it belonged to the Human Realm, the timeline and space were completely different. This Gods' Continent was made up of many worlds.

There were many countries. These countries were completely different civilizations. Some were similar to magic civilization, some were similar to Immortal Dao, Martial Dao, and even some technological civilizations.

There were countless humans and countries living in this Gods' Continent. They didn't worship the Emperor as the number one. Instead, they worshiped the Gods. The Emperor was given by the Gods. The Emperor was just a representative chosen by the Gods. On this Gods' Continent, there were many Gods. However, the highest God was the "God Ancestor". The God Ancestor was the The Great Spirit God. In these thousand years, he had become an Ancestor. That was the Heaven Realm.

Moreover, he occupied the Gods' Continent. He subdued countless subordinates and created a Gods' civilization. This Gods' Continent was much more mysterious than the Divine Realm.

At this moment, the The Great Spirit God was sitting under the Supreme God Throne. Below him, many experts of the Heaven Primordial Realm were kneeling. At this moment, he was talking to a few guests. These guests were Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, Wan Senshi, Jiang Chuan, and others.

Gu Tanjian's cultivation was actually the "Sword Ancestor" of the Heaven Primordial Realm. He was the reincarnation of the Infinity Sword. Gu Changjian became the "Saber Ancestor" because he was the reincarnation of the Infinity Sword.

Jing Qiu became the "Ancestor Qiu", and Gu Huo became the "Ancestor Disaster". Gu Huo was the reincarnation of the Calamity King.

Wan Senshi was slightly worse. He had also cultivated to the Heaven Realm. However, he could not understand the power of immortality. Actually, he could not be called an Ancestor. Jiang Chuan was the "Immortal Ancestor".

This young man betrayed the Yongchō and became the Lord of the Celestial Realm. Later on, the entire Celestial Realm was integrated into the Human Realm. However, Jiang Chuan seized the opportunity and cultivated to the Immortal Ancestor in these thousand years. This time, the The Great Spirit God gathered all of them together. To discuss important matters, there were many plans.

"Everyone, what do you think we should do now?

The changes in the Human Realm are getting more and more intense. The Heavenly Court has gone into seclusion. Gu Chensha is not coming out. Many things are changing day by day. We can no longer understand it. "The The Great Spirit God said.

"Gu Chensha is not coming out. Emperor Of Heaven has gone into seclusion. This is a good thing for us. We can develop our own forces as much as we want."

The Sword Ancestor Gu Tanjian said: "Actually, Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Huasha are working together to restrain Gu Chensha. Neither of them dares to make a move. We can rise in this gap. When the world changes, we will have the power to turn the world upside down." "Has Fa Wuxian arrived?"

Jing Qiu asked: "The Great Spirit God, you even informed Fa Wuxian about this gathering. I'm afraid it's not appropriate. He has already become the Ancestor Devouring. He doesn't recognize anyone.

He devours whoever he catches. Also, I noticed that his fate has been increasing recently. I'm afraid he has understood some secret. His fate is actually about the same as Zhang Ziran, Emperor Of Heaven, and Gu Huasha. If we work with him, I'm afraid it's like asking a tiger for its skin. We won't get any benefits. I'm afraid we'll be killed by him. " "It doesn't matter."

The Great Spirit God said: "I naturally have a way. Moreover, we can work together and push Fa Wuxian up. Let him fight to the death with Zhang Ziran, Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Huasha, and even Gu Chensha. Won't we be able to take advantage of him? "

"In any case, Fa Wuxian has become extremely twisted and scary. However, in terms of fighting against Gu Chensha, he is the same as us. He also needs help to fight against Gu Chensha."

The Great Spirit God said: "I feel that Gu Chensha hasn't done anything to us all these years because he wants to fatten us up. Now that we have all become ancestors, to Gu Chensha, it's already fatten us up. Gu Chensha and I have a personal grudge. He will never let me go.

These years, I've been hiding. Now that I've become a God Ancestor, I've also comprehended some supreme mysteries. I'm not going to hide anymore. I'm going to fight back. " "Gu Chensha must die." Wan Senshi said: "I was like a rat on the street because of him."

"I didn't expect that Emperor Of Heaven would be defeated so quickly. Originally, I thought that Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha could fight for a long time." Jing Qiu sighed.

"Fa Wuxian is coming." The Great Spirit God suddenly said.