Chapter 361
===========

"Sect Leader said that Wu Dangkong has a top treasure on him, I found it weird too."

Jing Fanxing said, "But since Family Head is going to help, then it will definitely be easy and you will be able to settle this matter."

"Your mission now is not to act rashly. Just gather all the experts of our Jing Family and occupy the various provinces, prefectures, and counties in the name of doing business. At the same time, keep an eye on the governor manor and prepare to strike like lightning to wipe out Yongchō's rule in Jinzhou."

Jing Qiu stared at the governor manor, "Han Wuqin was a talent. He came from a poor family and when he was young, he went up the mountain to chop wood and serve his mother. In the end, he actually obtained the Cold Dragon Celestial Freezing Technique and a cauldron of pills left by an expert in a cave. After cleansing his body, he cultivated for dozens of years and finally reached his current realm. Unfortunately, he wasn't willing to join our Jing Family. "

"What is Han Wuqin? At most, he is at the Hundred Aperture Spirit Gathering Realm. There are many people like him who have such fortuitous encounters. He just has some luck.

The Cold Dragon Celestial Freezing Technique is an ancient technique that absorbs cold energy and uses it to circulate around the body. It isn't a strong technique. "

Jing Fanxing was filled with disdain, "Such a small person has been suppressing our Jing Family for so many years. I am really unhappy about it."

"Forget it, but this person has some luck. If you want to attack, then wipe out the roots. Don't leave a single one of his nine families alive. Kill them all. "

Jing Qiu's eyes flashed with killing intent. "At the same time, transfer some of the magic treasures from the Scenic Martial Merchant Association to my Jing Zhou in the next few days. I reckon that once the world is in chaos, all the aristocratic families will respond to our call. When the states start to lock down, it will be tough to move resources. " "Don't worry, Patriarch."

With Jing Fanxing's current cultivation, he wasn't afraid of any sudden incidents. "I am worried about the Wu Clan's attitude. Ever since I was plotted against by that little bastard Gu Chensha, the Wu Clan and Wu Dangkong's attitude towards me has changed. I think the Wu Clan's thinking is for Wu Dangkong to ascend to the throne as a woman and rule over the world, restoring the glory of the Martial Emperor. Right now, Wu Dangkong is already in the central position of the imperial court. She is the Country Supervisor and the Imperial Harem Empress. If the world is in chaos, it won't be beneficial to the Wu Clan. I'm afraid the Wu Clan will turn around and suppress us.

Also, why did Patriarch tell Gu Tanjian about the plan? If he leaked it, wouldn't it mess up our plan? "

"It's fine. Right now, only the Celestial Pacification Department can suppress us. The Imperial Court's Eight Marquises and Three Dukes each have their own missions. It's impossible for them to come out in full force.

As for the Celestial Designer Institute and the Supernatural Workmanship Institute, the two old fellows will act according to the wind. Ever since Gu Taxian went into seclusion, they have been slacking and won't stand out against us.

The reason why I told Gu Tanjian is firstly to intimidate him. Secondly, if he really leaked it, it will increase our prestige. Under the mysterious heaven's will, I will let the world know that I am the vanguard of the revolution. This is also a kind of resource that will allow me to comprehend the changes of the variables. "Jing Qiu said," Fanxing, you still can't understand this realm.

If you don't enter the Black Heaven Earth Gate to cultivate, you still have a chance. However, there's no rush. I will turn you around sooner or later. "

"Many thanks, Patriarch." Jing Fanxing said, "How long will it take Patriarch to deal with the matter of Wu Dangkong?" "Just two or three days. This woman is still not mature enough. "

Jing Qiu said, "After dealing with this woman, it will be the day of our Jing Clan's uprising. In about three days, the heaven and earth will change." As he spoke, Jing Qiu had already disappeared. At this time, even Jing Fanxing couldn't see how Jing Qiu had left.

"Gu Chensha, you're dead this time."

Jing Fanxing looked at the governor's office not far away, but he didn't want to alert the enemy. In fact, he knew that with his current cultivation, he was no match for this person. In the governor's office in Jing Province.

Gu Chensha was discussing with Han Wuqin. "Your Frost Dragon Celestial Art was left behind by an ancient immortal. However, that immortal's cultivation was only at the nineteen changes. He didn't cultivate magic power. In the end, he died, so this art is not complete.

I will now teach you another martial art called the Fire Dragon Alchemy Art. It will complement this art and complement each other. Once you master the water and fire, you will definitely break through to the next realm. It won't be a problem for you to cultivate the Glass Jade Body. Since the Jing Clan has evil intentions, they must be eliminated. After that, Jing Province will be in turmoil for a while. At that time, you will need to appease the people. " "Thank you, Your Highness." Han Wuqin was overjoyed.

The Fire Dragon Alchemy Art was deduced by Gu Chensha based on many cultivation arts. It was the most suitable art for the Frost Dragon Celestial Art.

With his current cultivation base, he could already control 300,000 things with a single thought. In addition, the book the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor gave him contained many cultivation arts, history, manufacturing, secrets, and so on. Qin Wentian was extremely knowledgeable. The book the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor gave him contained all sorts of cultivation arts, history, manufacturing, and secrets.

It could be said that Gu Chensha's accumulation was full. What was left was self-enlightenment, solidifying his foundation, and turning all his accumulation into magic power.

The reason why he gave Han Wuqin some pointers was that he found this person to be quite talented, especially when it came to governing and handling various political relationships. His understanding of the way of governing a country was superb. Moreover, this person was truly loyal to the imperial court.

"Your Highness, I have already ordered my subordinates to start observing in secret. If the Jing Clan makes any movements, they will immediately be captured.

But if you can capture the main culprit and capture Jing Qiu and Jing Fanxing, then it will be much easier to deal with the Jing Family.

After all, the Jing Family isn't a Saint Aristocratic Family and they don't have many experts. "Han Wuqin said," To capture the thief, capture the leader first. That will reduce the chaos to the minimum. "

"I can wipe out Jing Fanxing with the flip of my palm but it will be tough for Jing Qiu. He has cultivated to the Dao Realm 25 Transformation Undying Body. It isn't as simple as strength. Instead, he can use divination and know the past and future. He can predict everything and gain the upper hand." Gu Chensha explained in detail. He wasn't in a rush and was waiting for news from Zhuge Ya.

Zhuge Ya had personally attacked to deal with Jing Qiu. The moment he attacked, he would strike like lightning and kill Jing Fanxing. As for the other Jing Family members, he would deal with them when the time came.

He patiently discussed with Han Wuqin here to grasp the place and understand the strategy of governing a country.

His Common People Heaven Mending Technique was comprehended from common people and he understood the ways of governing a country, the customs, and the customs of the people. This was also a resource for him to improve. He was asking about law and order.

Jing Zhou had the best law and order and there weren't any thieves. The rich families and sects all did business in a well-behaved manner and didn't dare to bully the people.

"Actually, the hardest thing to deal with is those gangs.

There are many boxing dojos among the people and they train to protect themselves. When they train, they become Senior Brothers. As time goes on, they form gangs and sects. They collude with local officials and families and that becomes a problem. That is the underworld. "

Han Wuqin said, "But the Emperor gave the decree to build schools everywhere and let the disciples learn and train for free. He cut off the business of many boxing dojos and sects, so the underworld was slowly cut off."

He then talked about how he managed the sects in Jing Zhou and how he fought with the Jing Family. He used his governor identity to suppress some branches of the Jing Family.

Gu Chensha didn't expect that there were so many things hidden in the seemingly peaceful Jing Zhou. The undercurrents were turbulent and couldn't be underestimated.

He listened with great interest. He thought that with Han Wuqin's cultivation and background, he might not be able to govern Jing Zhou better than Han Wuqin if he became the governor.

Han Wuqin wasn't even a genius but a top-notch talent. However, Gu Chensha was a top genius and was close to being a saint.

"Talents are needed to govern a place and cultivate too. However, governing a country seems to be different from cultivation. Could it be that humans don't need talent and can be compared to geniuses through cultivation?

If one can't cultivate and their talents aren't good, they won't be able to comprehend the Dao. Is this the threshold set up by the Heavenly Dao for immortality? "Gu Chensha seemed to have comprehended something crucial.

For example, if an idiot was taught to cultivate, he wouldn't be able to reach a high realm. However, if he was allowed to study and increase his knowledge and become an official, he would be able to govern a village, then a town, and finally a county. It wasn't impossible for him to become a governor.

In this aspect, it seemed like the Heavenly Dao didn't have strict requirements for talent. In terms of cultivation, if one wasn't a genius, they wouldn't be able to cultivate to the Golden Core of the Great Path.

If one wasn't a genius, they wouldn't be able to cultivate spiritual power and reach the 20 changes of the Dao Realm.

As for being an official or any other profession, the requirements weren't as harsh. In history, there were even foolish princes and foolish officials who still managed to keep the world at peace and nothing happened. There were also foolish people who became great masters. As the saying goes, "Diligence can make up for one's stupidity" and "Clumsy birds fly early". As for cultivation, no matter how diligent one was in cultivation, it was of no use.

"Cultivation is a matter of life and death. Breaking through realms can increase one's lifespan. This is the most crucial point, and it is restricted by the Heavenly Axiom. To the Heavenly Axiom, all living beings in the world are crops, and death means that the crops have ripened. If people don't die, it means that the crops have not ripened, and instead, they will steal the fertility of the fields, so it is better to eradicate them … It is no wonder that the highest aptitude set by the Heavenly Axiom is to be born a Saint and a Child of Destiny. Even a Saint cannot live forever, and in the end, they will turn into the laws and merge with the Heavenly Axiom, becoming one with the Heavenly Axiom. From the looks of it, a Saint is just an extremely fat pig. Only then will I have the opportunity to break through. " Gu Chensha's understanding of Divergents deepened by another level.

It seemed that there was indeed the principle of mending the heavens and reforming the heavens among the lowly common people. He slowly comprehended the changes here, waiting for an opportunity.

At this moment, in the depths of the Wildlands, there were primitive forests everywhere. There were huge trees that covered the sky and majestic mountain ranges. All sorts of peaks were like ancient giants, stretching to the ends of the world. Who knew how many secrets were hidden in these mountains and forests.

On a protruding and ferocious peak, the clouds were still halfway up the mountain. Standing on the peak, one could see the sea of clouds floating.

Wu Dangkong stood there and said to the sky, "Uncle Jing Qiu, why did you ask to meet me in the depths of the Wildlands today?"