Chapter 597
===========

Male. The Gods of Five Seasons naturally had their own plans.

At the crucial moment, an unknown power intertwined with the minds of Liu Yu, Qian Zhen, Mo Chao, Zhou Bu, and Jia Liang. It wanted to wake up.

Unfortunately, Gu Chensha had already calculated this situation. If he hadn't cultivated the medium-class world, it would have been difficult to get rid of the backlash. But now, it was a piece of cake.

Even when the Gods of Five Seasons worked together, they hadn't been able to create a medium-class world.

With the power of a medium-class world, even the Gods of Five Seasons at their peak were no match for it.

This was why when Gu Chensha pressured the aristocratic families in the imperial court, the old antiques of the aristocratic families could only admit defeat. Even the Dharma Saint had to avoid him.

"Medium-Class!"

Gu Chensha pointed. Instantly, the power of the medium-class world was activated. It wrapped around the five and started to spin. Bursts of light flashed, causing the five to be destroyed and reborn thousands of times. Finally, their mana condensed and turned into five great existences.

Liu Yu turned into a spring breeze, spring rain, and spring spirit. All the beautiful scenery of spring was transformed by his mana. He was the God of Spring. As for the others, they turned into summer thunder and torrential rain. The blazing hot season, the scorching sun roasting the earth. The austere autumn, withering, maturing, and harvesting. The icy world of winter, the cold, and the collection.

The Ancient Five Seasons were executed alternately according to the changes in the Dharmic powers of the five.

At this time, the five truly became the embryonic form of the Gods of Five Seasons. When the five worked together, they could recreate the mystery of the ancient Five Seasons.

In ancient times, the real change of seasons came after spring and summer. Although the weather was hot, there were many storms, thunder, floods, and hail. The weather was ever-changing. This was summer.

After summer came the hot season. There was basically no rain. The scorching sun hung in the sky all day, roasting the mountains and rivers. In ancient times, there were as many as ten scorching suns in the sky, which was even more unbearable.

Later, after nine suns were shot down, only one was left. Thus, the hot season was canceled and merged into summer.

But in reality, the end of summer and the beginning of autumn were still very hot. In medicine, this changing season was now called the Long Summer. There were 18 days, also known as the 18 Autumn Tigers. This was the mystery of the change of the four seasons.

The four seasons of the ancient era and the current era actually had similarities. From the changes in the seasons now, one could find the pattern of the five seasons of the ancient era.

After Gu Chensha was done with this matter, he also comprehended the similarities and differences between the ancient year and the current year. He had a deeper understanding of the concept of time in heaven and earth.

At this moment, Liu Yu and the others had all transformed into Innate Sages. Long Zaifei and Lou Huaiyue had also transformed into Innate Sages.

"Wonderful."

Tai Xuan was a little envious. "From now on, Calm Celestial Department, along with Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise, there will be a total of 16 Natural Saints." "In terms of potential, the Tranquil Immortal Department is indeed number one in the world.

Among the younger generation of the Black Heaven Earth Sect, the only Innate Saint, Xuan Xin, was killed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. There were a few unparalleled geniuses, but what was the use of them?

A hundred peerless geniuses can't even compare to an innate saint. Whether it's in terms of prayer or future achievements, an innate saint is far superior to a peerless genius. This is an insurmountable gap. "Chang Weiyang said," It seems like the Divine Prefecture that you've been managing has started to explode in the past seven months. Wish. (This chapter is not finished, please continue to the next page.) The power poured down like a waterfall of the Milky Way. "

Chang Weiyang could see clearly that at the top of the Tree of Wishes, there was a void tunnel. The golden power of wishes mixed with a bit of green color fell down and was absorbed by the Tree of Wishes. Through its roots, it was transmitted to every corner of the medium-class world. A big family had a big business, and the expenses were also big. After the medium-class world was formed, the supplies needed were also incomparable to before.

It was like the common people nowadays. A family of ten only needed a few yuan to eat and wear warm clothes.

A rich family could easily have a few hundred or even a thousand people. The daily necessities, social interactions, rewards, and luxurious expenses were probably more than a hundred times.

In the past, the power of wishes of the Divine Prefecture was more than enough for the operation of the medium-class world. But now, the operation of the medium-class world, if the Divine Prefecture was still the same as before, it would not be able to make ends meet.

Fortunately, Gu Chensha had obtained all of Xiao Donglai's God Level cultivation talismans, as well as the Amitabha Banner, the Wintry Pearl, the Blade of Law Enforcement, the Hurricane Gourd, the Splendid Bamboo Brush, the Ten Thousand Army Saber, the Hundred Mountain Fan, and the Three Thousand Weak Water Cauldron.

With these primordial treasures, Wu Pogong had become a laborer. With the cultivation of a God Level master, he had activated the Great People's Salvation Scripture to form the Azure Dragon Tower. Now that the tower was suppressing the Divine Prefecture, it not only strengthened the boundary by a thousand times, but also increased the number of people inside.

Jin Suibo relied on the advantage of the Imperial Court's Calming Immortal Department to once again expand the net of the Immortal Dao. Now, there were more than five hundred thousand cultivators in the Divine Prefecture.

Of course, the requirements for recruiting cultivators were not as strict. As long as they were above the Dao Realm, they could all be accepted.

In the past, the environment of the Divine Prefecture was bad, and the distance was long, so it was difficult to guide cultivators there.

Think about it, even a cultivator who had cultivated ten transformations would have to fly for a few months to barely reach the Divine Prefecture. On the sea, they might even encounter a storm and die. If they wanted to reach the Divine Prefecture safely, they would have to cultivate to the Golden Core level.

But now, with the addition of a God Level master as a laborer, and a few more tears in the void, a large number of cultivators could be guided into the Divine Prefecture. This way, the population of the Divine Prefecture would naturally skyrocket.

In addition, a large number of sea creatures would turn into humans. Of course, these humans still needed to be educated before they could become real people. Otherwise, their intelligence would not be as good as that of natural humans.

Gu Chensha deduced the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra for seven months. Time passed quickly, and it was now the twenty-eighth year of the Heavenly Talisman.

During these seven months, while he was cultivating here, he did not relax his observation of the outside world. The general situation of the world had already stabilized. After that imperial court conference, all the aristocratic families had holed up like turtles and did not even dare to interfere with the local affairs of the state.

Without the interference of the aristocratic families, the governors of the various provinces immediately had their hands full. Without any hindrances, the various political affairs immediately became much clearer. The aristocratic families were indeed the cancer of the world.

For example, the Legalism in the Dharma Province, and the Wu Clan in the Wu Province. The aristocratic families were huge, and even the outer disciples had hundreds of thousands or millions of people. All of them were used to being arrogant and despotic. Sometimes, they would beat up and kill some people. The local officials could not handle it, and could only communicate with the upper echelons of the aristocratic families. The upper echelons of the aristocratic families naturally protected their own people, and the case was left unsettled. Many unjust cases were left unsettled. (This chapter is not finished, please continue to the next page.) Once cleared, the grievances would sink to the bottom of the sea.

The aristocratic families' disciples were also used to being arrogant and despotic when doing business, robbing and robbing. They did not even care about the business of the government.

When the Heavenly Talisman Heavenly Emperor was still around, things were better. The aristocratic families did their best to restrain their disciples. But the Heavenly Talisman Heavenly Emperor had been in seclusion for many years, and Wu Dangkong was the Regent. He did his best to rope in the aristocratic families and resist the Calmness Immortal Bureau. From then on, the situation began to worsen. The aristocratic families colluded with Wu Dangkong, borrowing the power of the Clearsky Chamber of Commerce among the people. It was unknown how many families were destroyed, and their properties were plundered.

During these seven months, Lou Baiyue and the Fourth relied on the power of the Calmness Immortal Bureau's dimensional world. The entire imperial court was united as they conducted investigations on the Clearsky Chamber of Commerce, the Sun and Moon Division, the Hongyun Games, and the National Fortune Party. After that, they began to attack the aristocratic families, settling all the blood debts that their disciples had committed.

In this way, not only was the rule of law in the imperial court clear, the Calmness Immortal Bureau was also greatly praised.

Wu Dangkong, the Crown Prince, and Gu Tanjian, these three major powers had completely retired. Although the Crown Prince, Gu Xuansha, still maintained his title as the Crown Prince, he was completely in seclusion. Most of the officials in the imperial court did not pay him a visit. His mediocre and incompetent reputation had already spread throughout the world.

Although Wu Dangkong was still the Regent, she no longer participated in the major decisions of the study room. She seemed to have disappeared into thin air.

Because she knew that the Calmness Immortal Bureau had completely seized the authority. Basically, no one in the imperial court would listen to her. Even if the Heavenly Talisman Heavenly Emperor had bestowed her with the authority of the Regent, it would be useless.

As the saying goes, a just cause enjoys abundant support, an unjust cause finds little support. If the people in the world do not support you, the civil and military officials despise you and hate you to the bone, so what if you have great authority? In a short period of time, all the forces under Wu Dangkong's command vanished into thin air.

Basically, the Devil Disaster did not break out. It seemed to be in a stable period. The Devil Clan was preparing again. It seemed that they were going to summon more experts.

The Devil Clan also knew that the Calmness Immortal Bureau had created a medium-sized world. If they entered the palace on a large scale, the gains would not make up for the losses. However, the Sin Province had been occupied by many Devil Clan. Then, sporadic experts of the Devil Clan appeared everywhere. They came and went, killing in the common people. The common people also organized forces to capture the Devil Clan.

The two sides were in a cold war, but everyone knew that this cold war would not last long. The next wave of brewing would definitely be bigger. Even the lowest-ranking officials would not think that the Devil Disaster would pass just like that. The first Devil Disaster was just a catharsis.

Because a large number of Devil Clan rushed out of the Bottomless Sea of Sin and began to make trouble everywhere in the common people.

All the common people became nervous and began to practice martial arts and cultivate with all their might. No matter how lazy or stupid they were, when faced with a threat to their lives, they could only cultivate with all their might. Only then would they have a chance to resist. The real oppression of the Devil Disaster had arrived, and the common people were shaken.

With the guidance of the Calmness Immortal Bureau, the whole Great Yongchō was running completely. Instead of panicking because of the outbreak of the Devil Disaster, everyone was full of fighting spirit.

Without the constraints of the aristocratic families, Wu Dangkong and the Crown Prince causing trouble in the court, the Calmness Immortal Bureau guided the officials and cooperated with the Heavenly Craftsmen Institute. The sales of a large number of weapons and elixirs became more popular.

There were even many radical experts among the common people who came up with the slogan of killing into the Devil's Area and capturing the Devil Clan.

Why was it that over the years, only the Devil Disaster attacked the human beings, but the human beings could not attack the Devil Clan? Many people wanted to change this history. (End of this chapter)