Chapter 1135
============

Breaking the Shackles

"Lin Yixun could be said to have a monstrous destiny. When she established the Old and New Worlds, she was vaguely the strongest protagonist. However, I didn't expect that a hundred thousand years later, she would quietly leave the scene and end up like this. She wasn't a random junior who rose up in the Old and New Worlds, but she actually became a giant. This junior even fooled Zhou Qin once. From this, it can be seen that with the passage of time, any insignificant person can become an unparalleled giant."

In another space-time, Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, Zhuge Ya, Martial Sage, Chang Weiyang, and the others were cultivating, comprehending, communicating, and deducing the knowledge of the Immortal World.

At the same time, they could clearly see all sorts of changes in the world of the multiverse, and were constantly calculating the possible existences that could happen.

Right now, the biggest matter was none other than the destruction of the Old and New Worlds, and Qin Guang's emergence.

"Qin Guang's current strength is probably above us," Wen Hong said to Zhuge Ya.

"That's right. He even schemed against Zhou Qin once. His strength is indeed above us.

However, we've learned a lot from this battle. We've seen Zhou Qin's true trump card, as well as how Qin Guang was born. These experiences are extremely important to us, "Zhuge Ya said.

"Qin Guang is vicious, arrogant, and insufferably arrogant. Will he come for us?" Longevity God interrupted.

"It's possible."

Lou Baiyue said, "We can't rule out this possibility. Of course, I'm afraid he needs to increase his strength again. The first places to bear the brunt are the New Worlds, Old Worlds, and Lifeless Worlds, because that bone is easy to chew. He is still somewhat fearful of trying to chew us down. "

"I keep feeling that this kid is not someone that Chensha wants to nurture. Although he is strong and has the potential to rise, it shouldn't be long," Chang Weiyang said.

"Let's see how far he can go," Lou Baiyue said, "We can also quietly observe and gain more knowledge through observation." "We have a huge advantage. We can also obtain Chensha's experience," Wen Hong said.

As they spoke, the group of people completely concealed themselves. Not a single trace of them could be found in the heavens.

"Hmm?" At this moment, Qin Guang, who was standing in the void, frowned.

In fact, he had long noticed that many experts in the outside world were paying attention to this place. They had also sensed Lou Baiyue's group.

His lifespan had already reached more than 400 billion years, and it was still increasing. In terms of lifespan, he was probably the most powerful person in the multiverse. This was the result of absorbing all of Zhou Qin's destiny, power, and experience.

Although Zhou Qin had borrowed his power to reincarnate, all of his power had been given to Qin Guang. Therefore, the current Qin Guang was practically the only one in the entire world.

The only thing that made him unhappy was that the virtual interface in his sea of consciousness was still there. It was unbreakable and showed his lifespan and everything else. This was the power of Gu Chensha.

"Sooner or later, I will tear this virtual interface apart and return to eternity, breaking the laws."

Qin Guang's intense hatred for Gu Chensha surged. There had never been a time when he hated Gu Chensha as much as he did now.

The stronger he was, the more he hated the existence that restrained him. He should be the one to restrain others. Others could not restrain him. This was the highest profound meaning.

"This bunch of rats hide very quickly.

They have followed Gu Chensha for so long, yet they can still stand at the peak. No one can drag them down. "

Qin Guang sneered. His eyes were filled with killing intent. The rats he was referring to were none other than Lou Baiyue and the others. They had been sneakily observing the battle between him and Zhou Qin. After that, they had gone into hiding and completely disappeared.

"What should I do next?

With my current cultivation, I should be the most powerful person in the heavens. Should I go and kill Gu Chensha directly? That doesn't seem appropriate. I still haven't found a way to break his virtual interface.

I have to increase my power. After devouring Zhou Qin's power, my cultivation has increased rapidly. It seems that I have to devour Fang Han, Hong Yi, Wang Chao, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li.

However, these five people are not so easy to deal with. If I defeat them individually, it might be possible. I'm afraid that I won't be their match if the five of them work together. One Zhou Qin is already so difficult to deal with, let alone five of them. However, it's not impossible. Those rats have already dealt with six people, and they even obtained opportunities to improve. These six people are not united. " Qin Guang kept thinking about it as he quickly raised his cultivation base.

With his current cultivation, he was already the most powerful person in the world. Of course, this was what he thought. However, he did not stop because of this. He immediately took action, trying to find a stronger opportunity to improve himself.

"Advancement is to continuously devour fate and gather it in one's body." Qin Guang decided to use this simple method. It was a universal truth.

"First, the best way is to devour Fang Han, Hong Yi, Wang Chao, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li, these five people.

Second, to devour Lou Baiyue's group of rats. Third, to devour the experts of the New World, the Old World, and the Lifeless World. Only then will my strength improve by leaps and bounds, reaching an unimaginable level? " In just a few seconds, Qin Guang had decided what he should do next. He would first gnaw on the bones that were easy to gnaw on. Whoosh! He disappeared directly. In the next moment, he arrived in the Lifeless World.

In this multiverse, there were a total of four endless and boundless universes. They were the New World, the Old World, and the Old World. Now that the Old World and the New World had been refined by Qin Guang, all the living beings in it had turned into illusions. All that was left were the Three Great Universes. In an instant, Qin Guang thought of subduing and devouring these Three Great Universes, or creating an even bigger universe for himself to advance. His thoughts were similar to the New World Will Gu Xinjian's. However, he was now the strongest, and the strongest wanted the weak to submit to him.

In the highest hall of the Lifeless World, there were thirty-six Grand Immortal Realm experts gathered. Among them, Qu Chen was the strongest, followed by Wang Dong. His Ancient Mystique ranked third, and Chen Qi ranked fourth. However, Chen Qi had the greatest potential.

In Qin Guang's eyes, these people were just carps, grass carps, crucian carps, and black carps in a small pond.

He himself was a giant whale in the ocean. These people had to submit to him, or they would die without a doubt. No one could stop him. When he arrived in the hall, the thirty-six Grand Immortal Realm experts all opened their eyes. Qu Chen seemed to have known that Qin Guang would come.

He exchanged glances with the others before speaking, "Heroes indeed come from the young. I didn't think that the illustrious Old World and the New World would actually fall. Countless living beings created a person like you. Qin Guang, are you here to devour my Lifeless World today?" "Yes, but also no."

Qin Guang looked at this group of small fish arrogantly. Before today, this group of people was like an overlord in his eyes. However, after today, these people were existences that could be slaughtered by him. The opportunities of heaven and earth were just that mysterious.

"What do you mean?" Qu Chen asked.

"If you submit to me and worship me as your master, I can let you continue living. This way, I will let your world, the Lifeless World, become the strongest universe in the universe, surpassing another level. If you are unwilling, then you will die like the Old World and the New World. There will be no suspense. Do you understand?" Qin Guang said, "In short, submit, or die." "It seems like you have us in your hands?" Chen Qi spoke.

"Your strength is not worth mentioning in front of me. Killing you will only dirty my hands. However, I know that you have nothing to fear, because you have the support of the New World and the Old World's Will. You probably think that Gu Taxian and Gu Xinjian alone can contend against me, right?" Qin Guang seemed to know everything.

After the Old World's Will turned into a human, he was still called Gu Taxian. However, this existence was no longer the Heavenly Talisman Emperor of the past.

The Gu Taxian of the past had disappeared for some reason, or perhaps he had fused with the Old World's Will and became another existence. Only Gu Chensha knew that things were not so simple.

The current 'Gu Taxian' Old World's Will and Gu Xinjian both had a lifespan of over a hundred billion years. They were not easy to deal with, but Qin Guang didn't care. He was already invincible. Another huge storm was about to descend.

"At least it's not a dead end."

At this moment, Gu Chensha was observing everything from afar. "Qin Guang is not my enemy. He is not strong enough and can only jump around for a while. However, there will be more and more people like him in the multiverse in the future. Since ancient times, there has been no lack of such people. In the past, Zhao Jiangshan, Fa Wuxian, Zhang Ziran, all of them were like that. Unfortunately, they all fell one after another. This is interesting. I hope that he can continue breaking through, breaking through the restrictions of my Virtual Interface and become the strongest."

Gu Chensha knew that although Qin Guang was strong, as long as he could not break through the restrictions of his Virtual Interface, he would not be qualified to stand in front of him. Fortunately, this situation was not far away.

A powerful person like Qin Guang was born very quickly. In the future, there would be more existences like him. Moreover, in today's battle, Qin Guang might not be able to gain any advantage. Lines of data were gathered in Gu Chensha's module.

Gu Chensha's Neither Nor Immortality Module seemed to be condensing very soon and breaking through this realm. Ever since he made the restrictions for all living beings in the world, this module had been improving rapidly, allowing him to obtain more knowledge. This meant that his plan was correct and there were no loopholes. At this moment, Qin Guang was in the Lifeless World's hall, enjoying a different scene. Whoosh whoosh! Two figures appeared. They were 'Gu Taxian' and 'Gu Xinjian'.