Chapter 903
===========

Geniuses remembered in a second, 'Love? Go? Speak → ', providing you with exciting novels to read. Chapter 900 – Equal to the Heavens

"The moon has disappeared as well."

Gu Chensha, who was in the Dragonless Gourd, also saw this scene. He calculated for a moment and furrowed his brows, "The moon has also fallen into the body of someone similar to Long Xiangtian. However, the strange thing is, the fall of the moon was not the will of the Heavenly World, nor was it the doing of the Emperor Of Heaven. Instead, it was swallowed by some kind of energy.

In other words, the person who swallowed the moon was stronger than Long Xiangtian, and had more luck? "

Originally, regardless of whether it was Gu Tiansha or Long Xiangtian, the appearance of any one of them was already a heaven-defying existence. Generally speaking, even from the birth of the universe to its destruction, there might not be such a character.

Such a character was not an innate saint, nor was he a Divergent. In fact, he was an existence that surpassed the Divergent Kings. No one knew what he was exactly. Because in the world, it was impossible for such a person to be born.

However, Gu Chensha knew that the strength of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian was on the same level as the Heavenly Dao. In fact, he might even be able to suppress the Heavenly Dao to a certain extent. However, the Heavenly Dao had the home-ground advantage. Hence, when the two sides were locked in a stalemate, both sides were unable to control the situation. In that case, when both sides collapsed, the variables that were born would definitely be unimaginably powerful.

If there was someone who managed to obtain the power of Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Dao, how powerful would that person be? Maybe, that person would be able to create a future that had never existed before, a future that was truly immortal and unparalleled.

Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra had already reached perfection, and he had even devoured a third of Long Xiangtian and Gu Tiansha's source energy. With his cultivation base, even the Sky Emperor at his peak in the future would not be able to do anything to him. He already had the might to rival the heavens.

Hence, at this moment, he could accurately sense that the battle between the Heavenly Dao and the Heavenly Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian was in an intense state. In such a state, when the scattered energy descended, all sorts of freaks would be born.

This was especially so when the power of the Heavenly Dao combined with Gu Taxian's power. It was definitely not as simple as one plus one. Instead, it would expand by ten or even a hundred times, just like how Yin and Yang would collide and produce lightning and thunder.

"These are troubled times." Gu Chensha moved again. A wave of will flew out, condensing into a bright moon in the sky. But at this moment, something strange happened again. Buzz …

The highest part of the Heaven Realm trembled once more. The billions of stars trembled as well, and as they did, they began to fall like raindrops. In the blink of an eye, they disappeared. It was impossible to tell where they had landed.

In just a few breaths' time, the brilliant starry sky had completely disappeared, leaving no trace behind.

In the past, when those reincarnated stars descended, it was actually not the stars themselves, but the energy and will attached to the stars. All those reincarnated stars were peerless geniuses.

However, the power of the stars themselves was much stronger than the Star Ultimacy. Now, all the stars had completely disappeared, falling into the world. It was the stars themselves that had disappeared.

Each star was equivalent to a Great Thousand World. When billions of stars descended, how many terrifying existences would be born? Since ancient times, nothing like this had ever happened. The moon was destroyed, and the stars sank.

Gu Chensha looked at the sky. He did not use his will to condense the starry sky again. Otherwise, it would consume too much energy.

He had suppressed the Divine Land, condensed the sun and moon, and shone on the Four Wildernesses of the Divine Land. He had already used seventy to eighty percent of his power. Now, he could only use twenty to thirty percent of his power.

However, after achieving the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique, even twenty to thirty percent of his power was much stronger than before.

It was not humble to say that twenty to thirty percent of Gu Chensha's power was already invincible. Even the nine Heavenly Venerables combined could not compare to Gu Chensha. Moreover, Gu Chensha was still improving. If the Emperor Of Heaven could improve, so could he.

The current trend had completely deviated from the future. The Emperor Of Heaven was no longer the future Emperor Of Heaven. In the future, he would definitely be much stronger than the future Emperor Of Heaven.

"Next, the Emperor Of Heaven wants to devour Long Xiangtian and Gu Tiansha. I have to find the place where Long Xiangtian and Gu Tiansha are, capture them, and extract their Origin.

I can't let the Emperor Of Heaven devour them. Also, I have to completely collect the system left by the prehistoric civilization. I can't let the Emperor Of Heaven obtain it. Now, the people's hearts have temporarily calmed down. "

The reason why Gu Chensha didn't capture Long Xiangtian, Gu Tiansha, and Gu Xuansha was because he was in a hurry to come back and stabilize the people's hearts. At the same time, he wanted to refine their Origin. Now that he has refined their Origin, it is time to find the Emperor Of Heaven. "

The Emperor Of Heaven had always been hiding in the dark and stirring up trouble. Gu Chensha couldn't divine the existence of this person. He only knew that this person might have hidden in his own court. However, as the court gradually got rid of the officials and replaced them with puppets, this person was more and more likely to be exposed.

Gu Chensha was no longer weaker than the Emperor Of Heaven in terms of realm or power. Therefore, it was time to fight with the Emperor Of Heaven face to face.

The Emperor Of Heaven was always hiding in his own camp and stirring up trouble. He was like a thorn in his side. If he didn't get rid of him, he wouldn't feel comfortable.

"Heaven and Earth change, illuminating all things. Sun and moon cycle, yin and yang shift." At this time, Gu Chensha gathered twenty to thirty percent of his power to form an incarnation.

This incarnation wore a feather robe and a star crown. He had delicate features and looked like he was in his twenties.

He waved his hands, and bright light appeared. Within the light, two figures appeared. One was Gu Tiansha, and the other was Gu Xuansha.

"Oh my, these two are fighting each other!" Gu Chensha's will moved, and his body disappeared.

Lord Sun-Moon Gu Tiansha's cultivation base had dropped. After losing a third of his Origin, he was no longer a match for Gu Xuansha. Crown Prince Gu Xuansha naturally wanted Gu Tiansha's Origin, and wanted to devour it.

If Crown Prince Gu Xuansha devoured Gu Tiansha, his cultivation base would advance, and he would assimilate the Emperor System. He would become a terrifying enemy.

Of course, all of that was under Gu Chensha's control. There was no way Gu Chensha would let Crown Prince Gu Xuansha devour Gu Tiansha like that.

In the depths of the ancient space-time turbulence, there were surging cosmic tides everywhere. It was a scene of chaos, and storms wreaked havoc everywhere. Even Heavenly Longevity Realm experts had to be careful in this place. If they were the slightest bit careless and were swept into the heart of the storm, they would suffer heavy losses and might even be annihilated.

The depths of the space-time turbulence were extremely dangerous, and not even Heaven Origin experts could pass through them unimpeded. Unfortunately, the cosmic tides and space-time tempests were like child's play to a battleship.

This battleship was a remnant of the Emperor System from the prehistoric civilization. It had survived the destruction of heaven and earth, and the Big Bang. Therefore, the space-time tempests couldn't do anything to it.

"Die!" Meanwhile, the battleship was filled with a scene of fratricide.

Behind Crown Prince Gu Xuansha, twelve glowing spheres appeared. In each of the glowing spheres was a man or a woman holding a scepter. They were the twelve leaders of the Prehistoric Technological Civilization, including the Chief God, the Chief Dan, and the Chief Priest.

Originally, the twelve magisters had their own wills, and weren't subject to any sort of control. But now, Crown Prince Gu Xuansha had assimilated them, making them his twelve clones. This meant that Crown Prince Gu Xuansha had complete control over the warships of the prehistoric civilization. In fact, he now had complete control over the System of the One God.

Now, Crown Prince Gu Xuansha was activating the 12 balls of light to surround Gu Tiansha, the Lord of the Suns and Moons. He was refining Gu Tiansha into his own Origin.

"Gu Xuansha," Crown Prince Gu Xuansha said, "you've already turned the twelve magisters into your clones. You're only showing them now?

You're really vicious! "Lord of the Suns and Moons was struggling to hold on. He had lost a third of his Origin, and his cultivation base was at its lowest. Worse, the sun and moon of the Heaven World were now in the hands of someone else, and he couldn't use the power of the sun and moon. That meant he had lost the power of two chiliocosm worlds. Furthermore, Gu Tiansha's fortune seemed to be in a precarious state.

"If Long Xiangtian and Gu Chensha hadn't attacked me, I wouldn't have been able to use their power to assimilate the System of the One God and the wills of the twelve magisters."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha looked very pleased with himself. "You and Long Xiangtian both suffered heavy losses, but I didn't. In fact, I made progress. Now, Gu Tiansha, you're going to be my food. " RUMBLE!

Even as he spoke, Crown Prince Gu Xuansha used the incarnations of the twelve magisters to create a bolt of godlightning.

It was immeasurably powerful, and when it burst out, it seemed like it could suck in all the tides of the universe.

Boundless destructive power converged on the godlightning, which then shot toward Lord of the Suns and Moons.

Gu Tiansha howled in pain and immediately split apart, turning into two orbs of light. One orb of light was like a sun and a moon, and this was the source energy of the Lord of the Sun and Moon. Whoever obtained it would become the true Lord of the Sun and Moon.

As for the other ball, it was a colorless Origin Source. This Origin Source was different from any other Origin Energy or substance in the world, and it was not something that was extracted from the human heart. However, one could tell that it was not ordinary at all. It could create and destroy everything, and it could do the impossible.

"Good stuff, good stuff."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha exclaimed. "This is the essence of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and the dao of heaven. It's too bad you don't know how to use it, so you can't unleash its true power. Now that I have it, I can unleash its full potential."