Chapter 487
===========

Actually, anyone with a bit of intelligence in the Imperial Court knew that the Imperial Court seemed to be flourishing on the surface, but because of the lack of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, once it collapsed, it would bring chaos to the world. Such pressure made everyone feel tense on the inside. Gu Chensha understood this and was impressed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's foresight.

At the very least, his Calming Immortal Department had done their best to bring out their greatest potential. They cultivated and developed with all their might, trying their best to delay the eruption of the Devil Calamity. At the same time, they increased their own strength. Even if they faced all sorts of dangers, they still dared to fight.

If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was still here, Gu Chensha definitely wouldn't have done this. He was a calm person and would consider his own safety first. If he wasn't 80-90% confident, he definitely wouldn't risk it. But now, even if there was only a 50% chance, he would take the risk. Riches came from danger. This was the spirit of adventure.

Maybe this spirit of adventure wasn't a good thing for cultivators, but for an entire country, it was the spirit of an adventurer who would always strive to become stronger.

Now, many people, even scholars, would travel the world with their swords. They would come to the Desolate Lands to become adventurers and kill barbarians to obtain military merits and wealth.

In the eyes of cultivators, these people were as weak as ants. But in such a small amount of power, sooner or later, a great spirit would be born. Any immortal cultivator grew up step by step from being a weakling. As Gu Chensha was thinking about this, he landed in Gu Tanjian's residence.

"Hahahaha, Brother Dang Xing, you finally appeared."

A voice rang out. It was Gu Tanjian. His sleeves fluttered in the wind and he seemed to have the ability to dominate the world.

"Gu Shinjian's talent …" Gu Chensha's heart pounded violently because he could tell that Gu Shinjian's cultivation was already at the 22 Changes of the Dao Realm, the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth, the same realm as him. However, his talent was no longer that of an unparalleled genius, but that of a Natural Saint!

However, on the surface, Gu Tanjian was still a peerless genius. Only Gu Chensha, with his comprehension of the Heavenly Dao, could see Gu Tanjian's true nature.

"This Innate Sage aptitude must have been nurtured by the Sorcerer Ancestor and The Great Spirit God. If my guess is right, they must have used the Qi of the Sacred Dragon in the depths of the Dragon Sect of the Primordial Universe to directly increase Gu Tanjian's aptitude." Gu Chensha immediately deduced a lot of information.

"This subordinate greets the Alliance Master." Gu Chensha was extremely polite.

"Brother Dang Xing, what are you doing?" Gu Tanjian was a little surprised.

"I'm the Heaven Alliance's special envoy. Naturally, I have to pay my respects to the Alliance Master."

Gu Chensha smiled and said, "This time, I am here to represent the Wu Clan to seek refuge with the Alliance Chief." "What do you mean?"

Gu Tanjian let this' Wu Dang Xing 'in front of him enter his residence's garden and sat down. "Are you able to represent the Wu Clan?"

"I have already obtained the authorization from the Wu Clan's nine Divine Grade Old Ancestors." Gu Chensha took out a talisman.

This talisman had the authorization from the nine Divine Grade Old Ancestors, and there was nothing fake about it.

"Brother Dang Xing really has great influence." Gu Tanjian's eyes flickered. "It seems like your status in the clan is so high? What exactly happened? "

"It's very simple. The Legalism Clan's Dharma Saint has returned, and the Great Spirit God and Sorcerer Ancestor have gone to reach some kind of agreement with the Dharma Saint. The many Wu Clan's Old Ancestors have sensed great danger."

Gu Chensha naturally acted mysteriously, and even Gu Tanjian was unable to figure it out. "I have suggested to the many Wu Clan's Old Ancestors to work together with the Alliance Chief, hoping to obtain benefits from the Alliance Chief. Our Wu Clan is willing to seek refuge with the Alliance Chief. " "You are indeed a character. You even know such secret information?"

Gu Tanjian looked at 'Wudang Xing' for a while. "However, if the Wu Clan's nine Divine Grade Old Ancestors seek refuge with me, I have nothing worth making use of. The things you want must be very demanding. I'm afraid this matter will be very difficult for me. " "It's not us."

Gu Chensha smiled. "I am me, and the Wu Clan's Old Ancestor is the Wu Clan's Old Ancestor. I am just an errand boy. It's fine as long as I get my own benefits."

"Oh …" Gu Tanjian smiled slowly. "You actually have the intention to betray the Wu Clan. I like it. I like people like you who will do anything to achieve your goals. However, you also have a powerful existence supporting you. Who is it? Tell me about it. " Gu Chensha did not say anything and took out a talisman. When Gu Tanjian saw this talisman, his expression changed. "Divergent!" He could already sense the aura of the Divergent in this talisman. "Chang Weiyang? No, this isn't Chang Weiyang. It's … " "Martial Emperor."

Gu Chensha said the truth. "The Martial Emperor revived and found me. He gave me some benefits and asked me to be his subordinate. He wants to obtain the Wu Clan's power and conquer the world to restore the Wu Dynasty." "I see."

Although Gu Tanjian was a deep person, he was still shocked when he heard this news. "Back then, the Martial Emperor was at the Dao Realm's 36 Transformations. He was at the highest realm of Embodiment Transformation and dominated the world. Even the Righteous Gods could not do anything to him. That was why he created such a huge foundation. Unfortunately, it was all for naught. Now that he has made a comeback and comprehended the Divergent, he might be able to break through to the realm above the 36 Transformations and fight against the three Heavenly Venerables!

With the appearance of such a person, the world's situation is once again complicated and unpredictable. " "It's fine. With the Alliance Master's intelligence, he will definitely be able to deal with it."

Gu Chensha said, "Actually, be it the Wu Clan's Old Ancestor or the Martial Emperor, they all see me as a chess piece.

Actually, the Alliance Master should be the same. You are also a chess piece of the Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor. Only by working together will we be able to cause a backlash and obtain a huge opportunity. The future is going to be eventful, so we must not let our guard down. " "I didn't expect you to be such a talent." Gu Tanjian sighed. "I really underestimated you in the past. In your opinion, what should I do?"

"Naturally, you should borrow the power of the Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor to establish your own stable foundation."

Gu Chensha said, "However, the Alliance Master does not have any trustworthy subordinates. If we nurture some ingrates, it will be a waste of resources." "That's right."

Gu Shengjian agreed wholeheartedly. "Actually, I'm very envious of the Tranquil Immortal Department. Although those people are enemies, they're very united and rarely plot against each other. Only by doing so can they suppress us to the point where we can't even breathe." "The Calming Immortal Department is nothing to worry about."

Gu Chensha let out a cold snort. "They don't have any Deity grade experts overseeing them, and they have many cardinal treasures. In the eyes of the various big shots, they are a piece of fat meat that everyone wants to swallow. I am willing to be at the Alliance Master's beck and call and do great things. As long as the Alliance Master gives me some benefits, it will be fine. " "What benefits do you want?"

Gu Tanjian smiled faintly. "You are rather impressive. To think that you managed to convince the Wu Clan's nine Deity grade experts and even the Wu Clan's Martial Emperor.

Now, you are here to ask for benefits from me. It can be said that you are benefiting from both sides. "

"How can dealing with those Deity grade characters be as refreshing as dealing with the Alliance Master?"

Gu Chensha tried his best to swindle some things from Gu Tanjian. "Moreover, the Alliance Master might have the opportunity to obtain the power of these Deity grade experts, especially the Martial Emperor who is an anomaly.

You must know that the Martial Emperor is far from recovering. If we can take this opportunity to capture him, refine him, and bring him into a grotto-heaven grade artifact … " "Oh?

You are really ambitious. "Gu Tanjian's eyes turned grave." You know that I am refining a grotto-heaven grade artifact? "

"I can even guess it. If the Alliance Master doesn't have a grotto-heaven grade artifact and a small world of his own, how will he be able to settle down in the future? Will he be able to contend against the various great clans of the Calming Immortal Department? "

Gu Chensha said, "However, the Alliance Master must be like the Calming Immortal Department. You are using an original grotto-heaven grade artifact to modify it and slowly nurture it, turning it into your own." "Impressive."

Gu Tanjian laughed heartily. "It seems like your intelligence isn't inferior to that Wu Dangkong. In this world, the true high-end power is the Deity grade, and the Deity grade is to have their own grotto-heaven grade small world.

Without reaching the Deity grade, if one wishes to condense their own grotto-heaven, they will have to obtain an original grotto-heaven grade artifact. " "A grotto-heaven is a world within a grotto-heaven."

Gu Chensha said, "However, a grotto-heaven grade artifact is also divided into different grades. The first one condensed is a microscopic world, followed by a minor chiliocosm, a medium chiliocosm, a major chiliocosm, and an endless world.

"Most Deity grade experts' worlds are microscopic worlds, while those aristocratic clans have condensed their worlds for thousands of years, which are minor chiliocosms.

"Recently, the School of Legalism seems to be undergoing a world upgrade, which is to upgrade a minor chiliocosm to a medium chiliocosm. Once the upgrade is successful, they will be able to crush all the aristocratic clans' worlds. I wonder what level the artifact that the Alliance Master has obtained is?" "That's not something you can know."

Gu Tanjian naturally wouldn't reveal this secret. Instead, he avoided the topic and said, "The Calming Immortal Department's so-called sphere, the Heavenly Demon Book, is a minor chiliocosm. However, that group of people from the Calming Immortal Department actually fused all sorts of treasures into it and modified it into this sphere. This resulted in a loophole. Although it has great power, it has already become a microscopic world. This is because the will of the world is chaotic and not unified.

"The Calming Immortal Department also doesn't have a Deity grade expert to mediate the situation. This is like a large country. Although the country is strong, the people inside are all scheming against each other, and when war breaks out, they all end up dragging each other down. As a result, they are inferior to a small country." "That's right."

Gu Chensha's eyes flickered. "I also want to have my own world. I wonder if the Alliance Master can grant my wish?" "You also want your own world?"

Gu Tanjian stood up abruptly. "Wudang Xing, you sure talk big. If you want treasures, I can give them to you. But if you want your own world, your appetite is equivalent to wanting to devour the heavens!"