Chapter 1010
============

After taking care of Fa Wuxian, The Great Spirit God, Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, Wan Senshi, Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, and the others, Gu Chensha led Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God to a space-time node in the Human Realm.

This space-time node was constantly moving. Every moment, it would change hundreds of millions of times. Even a Heaven Realm expert would not be able to figure out the location of this space-time node. This was the place where the Emperor Of Heaven lived.

Although the Emperor Of Heaven had completely given up on ruling the heavens, his strength had become stronger. He had re-examined and changed his ideas, secretly spreading hope to all living beings.

In the past thousand years, he had created the human world with the help of the dust and sand, secretly spreading countless ideas to the hearts of all living beings in the human world.

Now, many living beings had a beautiful Heavenly Court in their hearts. When all living beings were angry, desperate, sad, and other negative emotions, a beautiful hope would be born in their hearts.

A beautiful hope would be born in their hearts, and that would be the Heavenly Court. The Heavenly Court was where their hope was. It could be said that the Emperor Of Heaven had become the ancestor of hope.

People placed all their hopes and wishes on the Celestial Emperor of the Heavenly Court, such as eternal life, strength, beauty, and so on. This caused the Emperor Of Heaven's strength to become more and more tyrannical.

There were even some people who, under the guidance of the Emperor Of Heaven, actually entered the Heavenly Court and learned supreme divine arts. They obtained great power and became the main character of a continent, a space-time, or a world.

The Human Realm had endless continents, endless worlds, and endless planes. These planes also had many countries, powers, immortal sects, and so on, forming a complex and ever-changing world and countless civilizations.

The Emperor Of Heaven was constantly guiding the evolution of these planes and worlds. He was also carrying out his own arrangements. However, in Gu Chensha's eyes, this kind of tyranny was just child's play. It wasn't very solid.

Even if the Emperor Of Heaven was ten times more powerful, he still wouldn't be a match for the current Gu Chensha. From Gu Chensha's point of view, the Emperor Of Heaven actually didn't give back to the Human World or the universe. This caused his power to be unable to advance any further.

"Come out!"

Suddenly, Gu Chensha made a grabbing motion, and a certain spatial node froze. Then, a brand new world appeared.

"Gu Chensha is really thinking of subduing the Emperor Of Heaven."

Fa Wuxian, who had turned into a dog, and The Great Spirit God, who had also turned into a dog, were communicating with each other. Now, their cultivation was still there, but without Gu Chensha's permission, they couldn't use any divine abilities or spells at all. Apart from that, their every move now required Gu Chensha's approval. Otherwise, they could only be obedient dogs.

"Our cultivation is still there. Sooner or later, we will break free. At that time, I will make Gu Chensha pay back a thousand times."

The anger in Fa Wuxian's heart was getting stronger and stronger. He himself couldn't control it anymore. Maybe he would be burned by his own anger at any time. On the other hand, The Great Spirit God's anger was slightly smaller.

"Are you feeling very humiliated? Are you feeling very angry?"

Gu Chensha smiled. "However, this is just the beginning. In the future, all kinds of filth in the human world will be cleaned up by the two of you. After I establish my dynasty, I will let the two of you devour the filth and purify the world. As long as the two of you do a good job, there is still a chance for you to transcend in the future. If you don't do a good job, you can only do it for the rest of your life.

For example, in the human world, the excrement of all living beings pollutes the earth. The two of you can devour the excrement and purify it in your body. This is merit. " "Oh my god!" Fa Wuxian almost fainted.

The Great Spirit God was also terrified. "No, Gu Chensha, I am willing to submit to you, I am willing to completely submit to you." "Is that so? The Great Spirit God, do you still think you can trust me? "

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Alright, if I kill the two of you directly, it will be too easy for you. As I said, your pain has just begun. This is just atonement." As Gu Chensha spoke, the ancient Heavenly Court appeared in front of them. The Heavenly Court stood tall and majestic. High up in the sky, every inch of the building emitted a strong light of hope.

Gu Chensha directly landed on the Heavenly Court's main hall. The Heavenly Court was empty. Only the Emperor Of Heaven sat on the throne. Seeing Gu Chensha's arrival, he still did not move. He only looked at the two dogs, Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God.

"Gu Chensha, you finally came to my place and faced me head-on. You turned Fa Wuxian and the Mighty Miracle God into two dogs. Are you trying to show off to me?" The Sky Sovereign was high and mighty as he spoke in a deep voice.

"No matter how you hide, you have nowhere to hide in front of me."

Gu Chensha looked at the Emperor Of Heaven and shook his head. "However, I punished Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God to let you see that I am here to set up a plan to establish a dynasty. You can become my subject. If you are unwilling, what awaits you will be the same as Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God. I know that you have accumulated many trump cards over the years. However, in front of me, these trump cards are as good as nothing. You don't think that your pitiful strength can resist my suppression, do you?"

"I still have the ability to choose to self-destruct," the Emperor Of Heaven said after a moment of silence.

"Not at all."

Gu Chensha's eyes were calm. "If I make a move, you will beg for death. From the moment you were born, you have been high and mighty. Now that you want to become my subject, you cannot change your mind. However, it doesn't matter. When you see Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God, you will understand."

"Emperor Of Heaven, you coward. At this time, if I were you, I would fight Gu Chensha to the death. Gu Chensha is not as strong as you think he is. You can completely fuse with Gu Huasha and transform, and then completely resist him." Fa Wuxian roared.

"Fa Wuxian, you're really pitiful," the Emperor Of Heaven said. "You don't know what's good for you. Endless humiliation is waiting for you in the future.

Gu Chensha, I am indeed the Emperor Of Heaven, but I know that all glory comes from power. Without power, any glory can turn into humiliation. This is the eternal truth between the Heaven and Earth.

Your power and cultivation level far surpass mine. I have no other choice but to submit to you and become your subject. " "Very well," Gu Chensha said. "Then why don't you get down from your seat?" "Yes."

At this time, the Emperor Of Heaven seemed to have changed into a different person. He obediently got down from the throne and knelt down on one knee in front of Gu Chensha.

At the moment he knelt down, Gu Chensha felt his destiny boiling. The fate of the entire human world had changed. His Dragonless Heart Technique seemed to have undergone a subtle transformation.

The Emperor Of Heaven used to be the ruler of the Heaven and Earth, the representative of the Heavenly Dao. He made the rules, killed everything, and controlled everything. But the original predestined destiny was completely destroyed by Gu Chensha. Now, the original ruler of the Heaven and Earth was kneeling in front of him, becoming his subject. In this way, the River of Fate created by Gu Chensha could be considered to have truly stabilized.

Of course, subjugating the Emperor Of Heaven as his subject was a huge risk. In the future, the Emperor Of Heaven might rebel at any time. But Gu Chensha didn't care.

After all, unifying the Heaven and Earth was actually just a setup. Once the setup was completed, he would capture and refine that terrifying thing. In the future, the Heaven and Earth Universe would naturally enter a whole new realm and level. Seeing the Emperor Of Heaven kneel, Gu Chensha shouted, "The Fourth, why aren't you coming out yet?"

At this moment, the space in the Heavenly Court distorted, and a person appeared with a bitter smile on his face. It was the Fourth Gu Huasha.

"Old Nineteen, I didn't expect you to grow to this extent. No matter how much I cultivate, I can't compare to you. What's the difference between us?

When we were in the Central Divine Prefecture, I didn't think I was any weaker than you. "The Fourth Gu Huasha's tone was filled with a great deal of unwillingness.

"The difference between us is actually very simple. You don't dare to destroy everything and sweep everything away. You don't have any courage or wisdom."

Gu Chensha said, "Ever since you broke away from me and started calling yourself the Nihility Ancestor, you wanted to maintain the status quo. You were afraid to take that crucial step." "But you might drag the entire world and all living beings into eternal damnation. Or you might destroy them all, "the Fourth Gu Huasha said.

"That's not destruction or death, but transcendence," Gu Chensha said. "Of course, you still don't understand my reasoning yet.

When you slowly help me build my empire, implement the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and bring the world into a new era, you'll understand that my ideas aren't empty words. " "Now that things have come to this, there's nothing I can say."

The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "Emperor Of Heaven, it looks like we can only wait for an opportunity. There might still be hope in the future."

"In that case, come with me. There's no longer any need for the Heavenly Court to exist. Melt it into the human world."

With a wave of Gu Chensha's hand, the Heavenly Court that the Emperor Of Heaven had spent countless years building was reduced to nothingness. The Emperor Of Heaven couldn't help but feel his heart clench when he saw this.

Ever since he had built the Heavenly Court, he had painstakingly built it. Over the past thousand years, he had extracted the power of hope from the hearts of all living beings, turning the Heavenly Court into something akin to the highest aspiration and hope. With the Heavenly Court, all living beings would have hope. As a result, the Heavenly Court itself was actually more powerful than he was.

This was also the most important part of his trump card. But now, the Heavenly Court that he had painstakingly built had collapsed with a wave of Gu Chensha's hand. Only now did he realize how childish and laughable some of his trump cards were in front of Gu Chensha.