Chapter 565
===========

This was Gu Chensha's best chance to clash with the Ancient Desolate Dragon Sect's will. While cultivating, not only would his comprehension improve, but he might also gain unexpected benefits. He had comprehended the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman and now he comprehended the Ancient Desolate Dragon Sect. With the two combined, he would be able to create a new world. His Common People's Heaven Repairing Technique and Common People's Heaven Repairing Technique would be invincible. Streaks of Heaven Path Techniques surged into the talisman. The talisman was activated over and over again.

Then, the giant Ancient Desolate Dragon Sect's shadow appeared within the Common People's Wish ball. The ball gave off a feeling like it was being invaded.

But no matter how huge the Ancient Desolate Dragon Sect's shadow was, as soon as it came into contact with the token, it would be like a mouse that saw a cat and immediately shrink back. This was fear at its core.

Because of this, not only could Gu Chensha comprehend some of the mysteries of the Ancient Desolate Dragon Sect's will, but he could also understand some of the mysteries of the token. Honglong! The Ancient Desolate Dragon Sect's will clashed with him again and again.

His spirit seemed to have traversed a faraway country and saw the location of the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Land that did not belong to the same time and space dimension. His spirit seeped into it and observed the nature of the Dragon Gate. He seemed to feel the Qi of Dragon Nurturing, Qi of Dragon Creation, Qi of Holy Dragon, and some deeper secrets inside. Where did the Ancient Desolate Dragon Sect come from? This was a huge mystery.

Behind this great mystery lay the truth of the universe, the many dimensions, the aptitudes of all living beings, and the true essence of Chaos. These principles were very helpful to Gu Chensha.

He used the Heavenly Dao Magic to drive the Twenty-Three Transformations, Past Illumination, and tried his best to extrapolate. At the same time, he refined the vast amount of knowledge he had obtained. Above his head, countless sages from ancient times to the present appeared, all of them explaining different principles.

"Heaven and Earth Sages, Sun and Moon Glory, Gods Slaying Gods, Dao Collapsing, Universe Collapsing, Spacetime Condensing …" Above Gu Chensha's head was a picture of Heaven and Earth being destroyed, reborn, and then destroyed again. The speed of rebirth and destruction became faster and faster, and it was hard for one to follow.

Those with lower cultivation bases couldn't even bear the mental impact of seeing this image of destruction and rebirth, and directly perished.

"Your Highness's cultivation base has already reached the pinnacle. His Heavenly Dao magic's augury can reveal virtually everything from the past. You can even use the memories of the ancient sages and mahātmās to divine the complete past. It's terrifying. Even if I acquired the World Graveyard Coffin and absorbed the ancient seven stars' profundities into my body, becoming both the Lord of the Seven Stars of the past and present, I still wouldn't be able to match up to him."

Zhuge Ya nodded. "However, it's still unknown whether or not we'll be able to get through this tribulation. His Majesty has been suppressing this Devil Apocalypse for years, and if it does break out, it'll spread out from the Divine Prefecture to the rest of the universe. When the time comes, many of the old-timers will wake up, and everything will be a mess." "In the midst of the great calamity, there are also great opportunities."

The Black Tortoise baby said, "Every time there is a calamity, old experts will fall, and new experts will be born. It's just like in the mortal world, when a dynasty changes, old nobles will be killed, their wealth plundered, and new nobles will be born. They will have a lot of wealth and can continue the family."

"You four holy beasts seem to have sensed something as well. You're manifestations of the true meaning of the five elements, so you're much more sensitive to the calamity than ordinary cultivators."

Zhuge Ya continued, "Unfortunately, none of you have matured yet. You'll need to cultivate for thousands of years before you can truly reach adulthood and stand shoulder to shoulder with the ancient sages." "I was just born, and I'm still very weak."

The little azure dragon and white tiger crawled around the Wish Tree. They hadn't been born very long ago, and the azure dragon and white tiger eggs had been brought over by Dou Nineteen. "Thankfully, we live on the Wish Tree, which is perfect for cultivation. Compared to our own kind, our cultivation speed is dozens of times faster.

"The Interstellar Coffin contains the most profound truths of the five elements. When this minor chiliocosm becomes a medium-grade world, you'll benefit greatly as well. At the very least, you'll be able to save hundreds of years of bitter cultivation."

Zhuge Ya continued, "Now, as long as you keep pouring your painstakingly cultivated vital qi into the sphere, the essence of the sphere will recognize you more and more." "Last time, when we became a minor chiliocosm, we did indeed benefit greatly. I didn't expect it to become a medium-grade world so quickly. "

The Black Tortoise bounced around. "This is simply inconceivable. I'm afraid that since ancient times, only the Celestial Calmness Department has been able to achieve such speed."

"This is actually the seething of fortune before the great calamity. The luckier you are before the great calamity, the greater the calamity you'll face in the future. It's like when the common people rebel. When they call for help, the people will gather, and the whole world will follow. They'll attack cities and plunder lands with irresistible force. But once the fortune declines, a few landlords and their servants can capture and kill the rebels."

Zhuge Ya seemed to see all sorts of inauspicious tribulations in the future. "Our Celestial Calmness Department must prevent this from happening." Time passed day by day.

Gu Chensha was still fighting with the will of the Desolate Dragon Sect in the talisman. He was already going all out.

As for the common people, they didn't know that the Devil Calamity was about to break out. They were still singing and dancing to celebrate peace and prosperity. While living and working in peace and contentment, every household was practicing martial arts. Even the farmers in the most remote areas had learned powerful fist techniques and could use weapons.

Since Heaven Talisman Emperor's first year, 27 years had passed. Each year, they promoted the martial spirit. In the recent 10 years, the Desolate Continent was developed and numerous herbs were sent to the common people. Heaven Talisman Emperor opened schools all over and with the support of the Imperial Court, cultivation spread out. The Celestial Calmness Department also pushed the true essence of the martial path to the extreme.

This was why there were many experts among the people. There were a bunch of Martial Arts Grandmasters and Dao Realm experts popping up like bamboo shoots after the rain. But due to the lack of time, some of the people with deeper Dao Realm hadn't developed. If a few decades passed, there would probably be people at Dao Realm Transformation Seven and above.

Gu Chensha's original intention was to raise the cultivation of a large number of people in the world. As long as one reached Dao Realm Transformation Seven, one would be able to fly and could also modify buildings. One person would be able to defend against tens of thousands of people. Only when one reached Transformation Seven would one be able to have such a huge change. Unfortunately, there wasn't enough time. The current governors were only at that level, much less the common people.

The Fourth Gu Huasha didn't do nothing. He secretly gathered the various governors to prepare for war. He didn't say that the Demon Calamity was about to erupt, but some of them sensed that something was off.

Of course, the Calm Celestial Department had spread the news to the common people and officials that the Demon Calamity would erupt at any moment. Everyone had to train hard and be prepared for the attacks of the demons. They would also do all sorts of drills. That way, even if the Demon Calamity suddenly erupted, the world wouldn't panic.

Apart from that, the imperial court had actually been waging war every year to expand their territory. Many of the commoners had become adventurers, fighting with the barbarians and the demonic beasts in the Desolate Land. They had honed their fighting skills, and their valiance was not inferior to that of the demons. Actually, if they had the same number, the Yongchō people wouldn't be afraid of the demons.

Unfortunately, there were just too many of them. The Demon Region was split into numerous dimensions and once the Demon Calamity erupted, they would sweep over like an army of ants, drowning everything. Time passed really quickly. On the night of the sixth day. Within the old capital city. Wu Dangkong and the others gathered for a meeting.

Gu Tanjian, Gu Xuansha, Gu Changjian, Fa Wuxian, and Xuan An were all gathered. Only Wu Dangxing didn't come.

Gu Zhanjian's eyes flickered. He had thought that Dou Nineteen would exchange with him within three days and obtain the Qi of the Holy Dragon. However, Dou Nineteen did not contact him, and Wudang Xing had also disappeared. This made him a little puzzled. He could not understand what Wudang Xing was doing.

"The Martial Emperor should be here for today's meeting. Why don't I see him?"

Fa Wuxian's expression was a bit excited, because he knew that great changes would occur tomorrow. The tribulation would arrive, and the world would change. This was his chance.

The Demon Disaster was a devastating blow to many forces, but it was a good thing for the School of Legalism. The School of Legalism had the Warlock Saint, so nothing would go wrong. They had also signed an agreement with the Dwarf Demon Race to carry out the Spirit Demon Plan. When the time came, they would be able to benefit from both sides. On one hand, they could gather talents from all over the world, protect them, and strengthen the power of the School of Legalism. On the other hand, they could join forces with the Dwarf Demon Race to kill the other demons in the Demon Race and refine them into the Warlock Saint's cave.

The Legalists' World of Law was the world closest to a medium-class world. The thirteen God Realm experts of the Legalists had been working on it. They were about to ascend last time, but Gu Chensha had stolen many primordial treasures they had prepared. Then, they had worked together with the Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor, so they hadn't succeeded. This time, the Legalists could use the Demon Calamity to ascend. These were all Legalists' plans.

Moreover, the famous Tranquil Immortal Department was about to be destroyed. Fa Wuxian also wanted to take advantage of it.

"The Martial Emperor suddenly left the Martial Saint's paradise. I don't know what he's doing."

Wu Dangkong was also curious. She had planned to work with the Martial Emperor and act at the crucial moment to divide the Tranquil Immortal Department. She had coveted the treasures of the Tranquil Immortal Department for a long time. Everyone wanted the four Sacred Beasts.

"The Martial Emperor has always acted arbitrarily. Even if we work with him, we have to be wary of him biting back. It's best if he doesn't come."

Xuan An's tone was cold. The Black Heaven Earth Sect had been at the forefront of the destruction of the Great Wu Dynasty. The Martial Emperor would definitely take revenge. He obviously wanted to kill the Martial Emperor and get rid of this scourge.