Chapter 239
===========

Although the aptitudes of the two snake demons were not bad, how could they comprehend something as profound as the Book of the Divine Demon in such a short time?

However, Gu Chensha was different. He had already comprehended many Dharma spells from it and combined them with his own insights. In an instant, he activated the Ancient Constellation Fey Transformation. The peak of the demon race was the Four Divine Beasts. The twenty-eight constellations in the sky corresponded to the Four Divine Beasts.

Gu Chensha's understanding of the Black Tortoise was not something an ordinary person could compare to. Therefore, he directly activated the power of the Heavenly Star and condensed it into the Star Black Tortoise. He shattered the Five Elemental Spirit-Trapping Smoke and left with the green and white snakes.

Before leaving, he injected a surge of power into the green and white snakes' bodies, triggering a certain ability in their bodies that activated the Book of the Divine Demon. How could a treasure like the Book of the Divine Demon fall into the hands of Gu Tanjian? His move was extremely ingenious. Even the green and white snakes did not know what had happened. Buzz …

The three of them had already disappeared without a trace. When Gu Tanjian and the others flew up, how could they still be found?

"Damn it, the green and white snakes have hidden their strength well. They can actually cultivate such a divine technique." Gu Tanjian flew up and looked around, but there were no traces of them.

He did not suspect a mere scholar like Gu Chensha because he had long observed that this scholar had the cultivation level of a Martial Dao Grandmaster.

If Gu Chensha's Sun and Moon Transformation was so easily seen through, then he would not be able to call himself the Son of Heaven Investiture Art.

"Damn it." Li Tiansheng did not know what to say.

At this moment, Gu Chensha and the green and white snakes had already arrived in the mountains hundreds of miles away. They were silent and did not even reveal their auras.

Gu Chensha had used the Sun and Moon Talisman of the Son of Heaven Investiture Art. The various invisibility talismans and concealment talismans surpassed the various Dharma spells in the Book of the Divine Demon. How could others discover them? He landed on a barren mountain and landed on solid ground.

"Sister, what's going on?" Little Qing couldn't believe it. She didn't know what was going on.

White Snake, on the other hand, was much calmer. She looked at Gu Chensha and suddenly bowed to him, "So Young Master is a peerless expert. We sisters have eyes but failed to recognize you. Thank you for saving us just now." "What?

Big Sister, did you say that he saved us just now? "Little Qing almost exclaimed." How is that possible? " "You're quite shrewd."

Gu Chensha put his hands behind his back and regained his temperament. "You actually guessed that it was me. Even Gu Tanjian and that useless Young Master of yours didn't see it." "Is it really you? I don't believe it. "

Little Qing shook her head violently. "Stop fooling around here. It must be the power of the Book of Heavenly Demons that saved us once again." As she spoke, she suddenly reached out to grab Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha had made up his mind. He wanted to take the two snakes in, so he didn't hide anymore.

He slapped out with his palm, and gradually, his martial arts contained endless profound meanings, making the incomparably complex transformations simple. In an instant, Xiaoqing's Xiantian Stellar Energy was completely broken by him. At the same time, his Xiantian Stellar Energy transformed into a talisman that slapped onto Xiaoqing's body, immobilizing it.

This was the Son of Heaven Sealing God Sealing Technique's Body Securing Talisman. Gu Chensha had broken through to the Ten Transformations and could use his Spiritual Sense. The strength of the Sun and Moon Talisman was 10 times stronger. Not to mention this Dao Realm Eight Transformations Snake Monster Little Green, even experts below Golden Core Realm would be frozen.

As soon as the technique was unleashed, the White Snake confirmed her guess. In fact, she was not sure that it was Gu Chensha who had attacked just now. However, Gu Chensha's casual attack seemed to contain the supreme mysteries of heaven and earth. How could it be unleashed by a mere scholar?

"Who are you?

If you want the Sky Monster Book, then please take it. Please don't hurt us. "White Snake knew that she wasn't his match, so she handed the Sky Monster Book over.

"It is just a Sky Monster Book, there is nothing amazing about it."

Gu Chensha raised his hand to refuse. "The cultivation technique I've learned is far above the contents recorded in the Book of Heavenly Demons. It's just that I'm occasionally bored and want to see what the people behind Li Wanlong and Gu Zhanjian are up to, so I'm just joking with you two sisters. Don't think too much. If I had bad intentions, I would have snatched the book. " While speaking, he kept the talisman and Little Qing was instantly able to move.

"You scholar, you are actually acting like a pig to eat a tiger. Who are you?"

Although Little Qing was sharp-tongued, when she spoke, she retreated slightly to show the fear in her heart.

"Miss White is really smart, why don't you guess?" Gu Chensha looked towards White Snake.

"Young Master's temperament is definitely not from the Immortal Dao. You are familiar with the classics and can actually explain the general principles above the Sky Monster. You must be someone with great knowledge."

White Snake said slowly, "Young Master just said that what you learned is far above the Sky Monster Book. That is thought-provoking.

This book was written by many ancient demon sages. Even the classics of a few large sects in the Immortal Dao might not be far better than this book. Nowadays, the cultivation techniques that can be said to be superior to this book are either the God-Conferment Art cultivated by the ancient Emperor or the Great Massacre God Art created by the current supreme Emperor, the Heavenly Talisman Thearch.

The God-Conferment Art has long been extinct in the world since ancient times, so it must be the Great Massacre God Art. Could Young Master be one of the current princes? " "This white snake is indeed smart."

Gu Chensha sighed in admiration in his heart. However, he continued, "According to what I know, none of the sons of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor received the Great Slaughter Divine Art. Instead, it was the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor who passed it down to the current Calming Immortal Bureau Head, Lou Baiyue. Could I be that Lou Baiyue?

"That's right, this little girl is puzzled." White Snake frowned.

"Alright, I see that you've offended Li Tiansheng and can't stay with the demon race any longer. Are you willing to join me?"

Gu Chensha directly tried to recruit them. "Besides, you have the Book of Heaven Fey on you. It's impossible even if you want to hide deep in the mountains to cultivate. With this book in hand, even immortal cultivators will slay demons, much less demon monarchs who will fight to snatch it. Only I can protect you." "You're talking big?" Little Qing hid behind White Snake.

"So Young Master has taken a liking to us sisters." White Snake sighed faintly. "So, we sisters have no choice?" "I'm just pointing out a path for you. It is up to you to make your own choice."

Gu Chensha didn't force them, "However, I made use of your fate to obtain the Sky Demon Book's general outline and many spells. It benefited me a lot, so I decided to help you guys and let you be reborn, giving you a chance to step into the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body Realm."

While speaking, Gu Chensha formed a seal with his hands. At that moment, a giant furnace appeared in front of them.

The two snakes weren't able to resist at all and they were swept into the furnace. Then, flames covered the two of them.

"Use the Sky Monster Shell Shedding Technique in the Sky Monster Book to turn into a human.

You are still in the body of a snake. You just obtained a talisman and haven't turned into a human. Once the talisman is extracted, you will still turn into a snake. "

Gu Chensha hollered, "Look at Zombie Blood River and Iron Roc King. They are trying their best to change their meridians and acupoints. They want to slowly grow into a human but they are still wearing horns. They don't look like humans, they don't look like monsters and they are really ugly."

So, the meridians and acupoints of humans were perfect and they were in line with the Dao of Heaven and Earth. Many monsters' bodies couldn't compare to humans unless they were beasts like Xuanwu.

Many demons would have to secretly reconstruct their bodies when their cultivation levels reached a high enough level, gradually transforming into human form.

But it was extremely difficult to turn into a human. One had to cultivate to the Dao Realm Sixteen Transformation, Borrowing a Corpse to steal someone's body. However, it would damage the soul.

Another was to slowly adjust their acupoints and through decades, their bodies would become similar to a human's.

But this wasn't perfect, causing some monsters to have weird bodies. For example, Iron Roc King had a human's face and a bird's head. He had arms and legs and wings on his back. He was neither human nor bird and his meridians were a little messy. This was a problem that many monsters couldn't solve. Unless, of course, there was a stronger demon helping them.

For example, some of Li Wanlong's sons had perfect bodies. Li Wanlong had definitely used a supreme demonic technique on them when they were born. As for normal monsters, even the Lightning Beast King that Gu Chensha killed wouldn't be so lucky.

However, the Lightning Beast King had a huge body and was a primordial variant. His talent was to control lightning and in terms of combat strength, he was much stronger than humans. However, it was more convenient to comprehend the Dao and merge with heaven and earth. This was why no matter what, if he wanted to comprehend the supreme laws, he had to transform into a human.

The Heaven Monster Book recorded the perfect carapace refining technique. As long as a monster could cultivate the Samadhi True Fire and form the Glass Jade Body, they would be able to transform into a human during this process. Gu Chensha used his supreme energy to form the Sun and Moon Furnace to help the two snake spirits.

The furnace burned brightly. Gu Chensha's cultivation was extremely high and even some old monsters in the celestial path couldn't compare to him.

He helped the two snake spirits refine the various obstructions in their bodies and also injected the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy into their bodies. It was unimaginable for snake type monsters. Honglong!

After an hour, the two snake demons jumped out from the furnace. They didn't even have any demonic energy and their bodies were like jade. As expected, they had obtained true human bodies.

"Thank you, Young Master, for helping us."

The white snake knelt on the ground, "Young Master's techniques are really shocking. He actually allowed us to form true human bodies in such a short time."

Little Qing didn't dare to say anything more. She just looked at Gu Chensha. Just now, she knew Gu Chensha's strength.

"Although the two of you haven't cultivated the Dao Realm Nine Transformations, you have turned into human forms and you don't have any demonic energy. As long as you study the Heaven Monster Book, in the future, you will definitely be one of the top experts in the monster race." Gu Chensha asked, "Have you thought about it? Will you leave or will you follow me?"

"We appreciate Young Master's good intentions, but we are used to hiding in the mountains and idling away our time. We have no choice but to disappoint Young Master's good intentions." The white snake rejected Gu Chensha's good intentions and used her eyes to stop Little Qing from speaking.

"Okay."

Gu Chensha grabbed and two talismans appeared in his hand, "I refined these talismans. If you face any problems, ask me for help and I might be able to help.

But remember, don't return to the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons. If not, we will become enemies in the future. At that time, I will have to attack for the people. Even if you learn the Heaven Monster Book, you won't be my match. " He didn't care much about the two snakes leaving.

"Young Master is righteous. We will repay you in the future." The white snake pulled Little Qing and bowed before flying away.

Gu Chensha didn't stop them and just shook his head, "A man is innocent, but treasures will get him into trouble. These two snakes won't have peace from now on."

He stayed on the mountain and observed the phenomena. He stared at Martial Song Star and tried to find some secrets.

The sky was about to turn bright and the stars disappeared. Right as he was about to head down, the two snakes flew back and knelt on the ground.