Chapter 576
===========

"Calming Celestial Department has huge luck and it won't be easy to wipe them out."

The Dharma Saint saw through everything, "These are all things that Heaven Talisman Emperor laid out and they are quite amazing. Fasha, do you want to rule the world? "

"Dharma Saint, of course, I want to rule the world. The world itself is mine and my mother is the Empress."

The Seventh Prince Gufasha had been extremely sullen these years. Before the fourteenth year of Heavenly Talisman, he was one of the most outstanding princes. The throne was about to fall into his hands. But fourteen years later, Gu Chensha suddenly rose up, and then Gu Zhanjian received the support of a major figure. After that, Wu Dangkong entered the royal court, and the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign sent out an imperial edict, making Gufasha the crown prince. The series of changes that followed were simply changing with each passing day.

The once famous "Seventh Prince", Gufasa, had been completely eliminated. He could only slowly manage his own fief. He had once wanted to develop his own faction, but after struggling for a long time, he realized that the gap between him and the others was widening.

It was now the 27th year of the Heavenly Talisman. In the past ten years, he had lived an extremely useless life. However, not long ago, he had been summoned by the Warlock Saint to guide him in his cultivation. Now, he was filled with ambition again.

"Very good, the world will be in chaos and the Imperial Court will be uneasy. This is another chance for you."

Of course, the Dharma Saint would nurture Gufasha. After all, Gufasha had his own bloodline and this way, he could study Heaven Talisman Emperor's bloodline.

"What do I need to do?"

Gufasha asked humbly, "Dharma Saint, you are an ancient Saint and also my ancestor. No matter how hard I work, I can't even compare to a puppet from Calming Celestial Department. How can I take over the world?" Calming Celestial Department's puppet Common People's Generals shocked the world.

Each Common People's Commander's cultivation was at Dao Realm Transformation 23, Past Reflection. Moreover, they were at the fifth stage of the True Dragon Technique and their strength could compare to the ancient Emperors.

This meant that a Common People's Commander's cultivation was the same as a Saint at the 23rd stage. Moreover, it was a top Saint.

There were no less than three hundred and sixty such Great Commanders of the common people in the Calming Immortal Bureau. This situation made the seventh prince, Gufasa, despair.

He knew that even if he cultivated for his entire life and had numerous fortuitous encounters, he couldn't compare to a common people's general. In this way, even the strongest person would be discouraged.

"General Common People's situation was a coincidence. Even I couldn't refine it, so it's impossible for Calming Xian Department to refine the same thing."

The Dharma Saint said, "However, puppets are puppets after all. The Wish Power generated from the prayers of the Common People Marshal is far from being a natural saint. They are just like normal people. They don't have the ability to cultivate themselves. If their master's cultivation doesn't improve, they won't improve at all." This was the drawback of puppets.

Generally speaking, puppets did not have spirituality, which meant that they did not have self-awareness. If they had self-awareness, then they would no longer be puppets, but demons.

Therefore, although puppets could do many things, the faith generated from prayers was extremely weak. Some powerful puppets were even inferior to ordinary people.

If not, god realm experts didn't need to build living countries or spread religions. They could just directly create puppets.

The reason why living beings were living beings was because they had spirituality. Soul Power was where the soul was and was an important source of energy in the world. Puppets didn't have such things. Gufasa didn't dare to interrupt and just listened quietly to the Dharma Saint's explanation.

"I will teach you the method of cultivation and help you improve your cultivation. I can also use my own mana to help you cleanse your body, condense your Primordial Spirit, and reform your body. But these are all minor details. The most important thing is for you to understand your bloodline."

The Warlock Saint suddenly pointed his finger, and an extremely strong magic power surged. It was accompanied by the condensation of a spatial world. Finally, it turned into a microscopic world the size of a soybean.

"Sky Fixing Bead!"

At this moment, the Dharma Saint spread his sleeves and a bead appeared, which then integrated into this dust world. He sighed and said, "This Sky Fixing Bead is an innate spiritual treasure. It was created in the chaos when the world was created. It could stabilize time and space and slow down the speed of creation and destruction of worlds. You couldn't operate or use this small dust world that I created at all. Therefore, you can stabilize it with the help of this Sky Fixing Bead. You can hold this dust world and spread the legalism system that I impart to you rapidly in your bounty land. Naturally, the power of order and laws will be absorbed into this dust world and you will gain great benefits.

Pitifully, the power of this Sky Fixing Bead is less than 1% of the power of Taiyi Bead. If Taiyi Fantasy Sect could fully exert the power of Taiyi Bead, Taiyi Heavenly Palace would have long become a medium-class world. Now, Taiyi Bead is gradually developing its power in the Tranquil Immortal Department. "

"Erm … they want me to establish my belief. However, my father has long destroyed the hieron's temple. There's no god in the world. If I do that …" Gufasha was not an idiot. He was a bit hesitant.

"Idiot, belief is belief; power of will is power of will; order is order; laws are laws. They are all extracted from people's hearts. People's hearts could be demons, immortals or even deities with a single thought. Just like the chaos, the world is going to be in chaos. The Tranquil Immortal Department is spreading his own theory. He declares that the Heavenly Dao is deficient and needs to be mended by common people. The Heavenly Dao is sinful and needs to be revolted. It's not strange for him to have such a great achievement.

But after all, it is just a slogan. There are no practical actions to support it. I have a scroll of the laws of the world here. I wrote it recently, and there are various laws in it. As long as you let your subordinates learn and read it, the power of the laws of order will naturally gather in your dust world. "The Warlock Saint gave another jade slip to Gu Fasha.

"Yes, sir!"

Gufasha could not understand the dust world at all. He could only listen to the Dharma Saint when it came to believing in people's hearts.

"Dharma Returns to Truth, Dharma Returns to Void, Dharma Returns to Rainbow, Dharma Returns to East. The four of you will assist the Seventh Prince and create a new order," the Dharma Saint ordered.

"Yes, sir!"

The four young disciples all obeyed the order. Even though the school of Legalism originally had 13 Patriarchs who had many branches and countless factions, now that the Warlock Saint had returned, basically all the factions were silent. This was because the Warlock Saint was the absolute Patriarch. He was the supreme Patriarch who had established the foundation of the faction. Ever since the Dharma Saint had returned, the school of Legalism had become unprecedentedly united.

"Go!"

The Dharma Saint waved his hand and immediately split open spacetime. He sent the disciples and Gufasha to their own fiefdoms in the Wildlands.

"Lord Dharma Saint, how should we deal with the current situation?

The Calming Celestial Department and the Buddhist Sect actually stopped the large scale explosion of the demon disaster. But what will happen next will be a long and drawn-out battle.

Should we start to spread the laws that the Dharma Saint comprehended after his rebirth? "At that moment, an old man appeared on the mountain peak and bowed towards the Dharma Saint. This old man was actually at Saint Realm. This person was the original top ancestor of the school of Legalism, the Dharma Energy Sacrifice.

He was originally at God Realm, but after the Dharma Saint returned, he used all sorts of methods to suddenly break through to Saint Realm, which was the Dao Realm 33 Transformations.

Originally, only those with natural talent could break through to Saint Realm. But there were always exceptions, especially after the return of the Dharma Saint. His own realm could compare to the three Celestial Venerables. With the help of the Dharma Saint, the Dharma Energy Sacrifice was able to break through and comprehend it.

"Dharma Energy Sacrifice, have you sensed the changes in the Dao of Heaven? Has the order started to loosen and collapse?

If not, you wouldn't have been able to break through to the Dao Realm 33 Transformations and enter Saint Realm. "The Dharma Saint didn't reply but asked instead.

"Lord Dharma Saint, with my weak cultivation, the difference between us is like the clouds and mud."

The Dharma Energy Sacrifice said, "That Calming Celestial Department actually summoned the World Burial Coffin and merged it into it. Now, the Common People's Wish Sphere has accumulated more than all our Dharma Worlds and it might become a medium-sized world at any moment. Our Legalism has to improve quickly to be able to suppress the situation."

"That's a good idea, so I let Gufa Sha spread it first. His land is in the wilderness and it borders the barbarian race. Gu Changjian also wants to become the ruler of the wilderness. When the time comes, we will work together to spread my laws and create an undying iron law.

You're right, Jingxian Si's sphere already has the foundation of a dimensional realm, and the accumulated energy has reached perfection. But, in order to become a dimensional realm, that is not something that can be done with sufficient energy. There must be an extremely great lucky chance. It must be known that for a minor dimension to become a dimensional realm, it is absolutely more difficult than breaking through the 36 Transformations. Even if one reached the boundary of the three Empyreans, it would still be impossible for them to easily transform a minor dimension into a minor dimension, and it is even more impossible for them to transform a minor dimension into a dimensional realm. "

The Dharma Saint said, "Now that Calming Celestial Department's sphere is fattened up, it will have a way to absorb all our Dharma Worlds. When the time comes, all our Dharma Worlds will surpass the Black Heaven Earth Gate."

"Lord Dharma Saint's schemes are far beyond this disciple's reach. What does disciple need to do now?

Do I still need to activate the Spirit Demon Plan with the demons? "the Dharma Energy Sacrifice asked.

"The Spirit Demon Plan is only one part of my plan. It is used to ally with the demons. As long as the demons occupy half of the divine continent, the Spirit Demon Plan can be activated."

The Dharma Saint's calculations were profound. "Every time the demons invade, they can't take over the world. In the end, they inevitably fail. That's because the demons have no order. In the end, they kill each other and are swept away by the Immortal Dao. In times of chaos, heroes and ambitious people take advantage of them. My Spirit Demon Plan is to establish order for the demons and break the cycle that has existed since ancient times. Spirit and demon unite! Such a structure can truly establish a foundation for all ages. "