Chapter 258
===========

After Gu Chensha left, he quickly returned to Calming Celestial Department.

This trip to the depths of the wilderness to meet Wen Hong had benefited a lot. He was taught the Ten Thousand Star Flying Celestial Technique and various other experiences. He also returned it to Buzhou Palace and his strength had increased once more.

He had to cultivate and turn those experiences into his own. At the same time, he would use Buzhou Palace to create some Heaven Soldiers. This was also the best way to raise his strength.

For a cultivator to raise their strength, firstly, they had to raise their realm. Secondly, they had to find treasures to store more Xiantian Earth Energy. Thirdly, they had to find some secret techniques like the 28 Constellation Devil God Transformation to form an incarnation to increase the density of their Xiantian Earth Energy. These three things all depended on one's own cultivation.

However, one's body had its limits. For example, Gu Chensha was already at Dao Realm Transformation 11, so it was extremely difficult to reach Soul Snatching Transformation 12. It wasn't something that could be cultivated in a short period of time. His Dragon Gate would absorb and spit out energy, allowing him to store up enough energy. As for the 28 Constellation Monster God Transformation, he would only be able to cultivate it after his realm increased. So, in a short period of time, his strength had reached its limit.

So, the only way to improve was to create puppets. Such things could be created endlessly to form an army. In the end, a huge flood would trample everything. In the God Countries, there were large numbers of Heaven Soldiers and Generals.

In the Celestial Path Xuanmen Sect, there were many techniques to create Heaven Soldiers and Generals. In the Demon Path, there were also techniques to create Demon Protector Ghosts and Gods.

For example, the thousand-year-old Corpse Demons that Gu Chensha had obtained in the past might not be strong individually, far inferior to cultivators of the same level. However, when there were many of them, with a bit of training, they could form a large formation that blotted out the sky and covered the earth. Even cultivators of a much higher level could not withstand it.

In history, there were Dao Realm 13 Transformation Demons who killed living beings to craft the Ten Thousand Demon Formation and even killed Golden Core Dao cultivators. As long as one wasn't so weak that one could ignore all attacks, one could be killed by numbers.

After Gu Chensha obtained Buzhou Palace, he decided to see whether or not he could create something similar to the Strength Ghost God from Heavenly Craftsman Institute. If Calming Celestial Department had such a thing, it would develop even quicker. Whoosh!

When Gu Chensha landed in the Calming Immortals Department, he discovered that Lou Baiyue and The Fourth were extremely busy. They were replying to a mountain of documents and issuing orders. The Calming Immortals Department had gradually expanded and became the most important department of the imperial court. Every day, there were endless matters to attend to.

Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, and Gu Chensha had been cultivating in seclusion for a month. Who knew how many things had been piling up, but now they had to be dealt with one by one.

Fortunately, the two of them had high cultivation bases and were extremely fast. They circulated their Innate Stellar Energy and were able to multitask at the same time. It was almost equivalent to dealing with thousands of people at the same time, so it wasn't difficult for them. Seeing Gu Chensha land, Lou Baiyue hurriedly asked, "What did he say when he saw Wen Hong?"

Gu Chensha spat out the Buzhou Palace. "Wen Hong is more terrifying than we imagined. He actually gave us the Buzhou Palace and imparted the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art to me. I gave him the contents of the Book of Heavenly Demon in exchange for the Dharma spell. Now, I'll impart all his insights to you. " As he spoke, he had already spread out his mental tendrils. After cultivating the soul tendrils, it was very convenient for him to communicate.

An hour later, the Fourth and Lou Baiyue had absorbed all these things. They came back to their senses from their contemplation and seemed to have sensed something.

"Wen Hong's cultivation is indeed earth-shattering, but his ideals and Dao are also different from ours. We can only learn from him and not blindly copy him.

This Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art is indeed amazing. If we cultivate it, we can indeed find some clues. "

Lou Baiyue deduced repeatedly. "However, comprehending this art isn't something that can be done in a short period of time. This Buzhou Palace is a treasure like the Book of Heavenly Demon. Many of the elixirs in it have been taken away, but the core thing is the palace itself.

The Heavenly Cycle Apparatus is best at calculating and breaking down Essence Qi. The huge array formations in the palace operate together and separate the Essence Qi. It has the ability to create things. This palace itself is a huge manufacturing factory that can create all kinds of Heavenly Weapons.

However, some places inside were destroyed during the War of Gods and Devils. Wen Hong repaired a portion, but not completely. " Gu Chensha knew that he could do it even if Wen Hong couldn't repair it completely.

This was because his Sun Moon Dragon's Handle could activate some of the profundities of this palace, allowing it to recover on its own.

No matter how strong Wen Hong was, he couldn't learn from the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor and surpass the Heavenly Dao. Therefore, he couldn't know the profundities of the Son of Heaven God Sealing Art. Lou Baiyue knew this as well.

"This Buzhou Palace will be tempered in your Dragon's Gate."

Lou Baiyue said, "The sooner we can create the Heavenly Weapons, the Calming Immortal Department will have the capital to contend with the Heavenly Designer Institute! That Wu Dangkong won't be able to play any tricks. " "What's Wu Dangkong doing now? I think he'll target our Calming Immortal Department, "Gu Chensha asked.

"Look at these documents." The Fourth pointed to the mountain of documents on the table.

With a thought, Gu Chensha activated his Connate Stellar Qi, transforming it into thousands of tentacles that lifted all the documents up. His soul seeped into them, and in a few breaths, he understood all the contents of the documents. In the past, he couldn't have done this at all.

In the past, his Connate Stellar Qi could only sweep up or destroy the items being refined. He couldn't understand the various characteristics of the items. But now, when Gu Chensha activated his Connate Stellar Qi, it was as though his soul was personally observing the various conditions inside and outside the items. Even some hidden things could be seen vividly.

"Simply audacious."

After reading the documents in a few breaths, Gu Chensha couldn't help but feel angry. "This Wu Dangkong is simply causing chaos in the imperial court. Some of the things he's done are completely contrary to Imperial Father's national policies, especially by promoting the people of Wu Clan without restraint. He actually wants to cooperate with the Jingwu Merchant Group's business with the national treasury. The imperial court has just gone through a great disaster, and there are many things waiting to be done. The Jingwu Merchant Group has begun to secretly encroach on the national treasury."

These documents recorded some secret matters. For example, when the Baoyu Nation was recruited, the Baoyu Nation's army actually had fire talisman guns. This matter was done by the Jingwu Merchant Group and some of the Prince of the Sage Families.

"Logically, Wu Dangkong's foundation is shallow. Even if he gets Imperial Father's decree to enter the Upper Study, he won't be able to do much. The ministers of the Upper Study are all big shots. Why would they listen to a woman?"

The Fourth knocked on the table. "But the bad thing is Gu Tanjian. He used the Ancient Dragon Raising Pill to recruit Third Brother, Seventh Brother, Tenth Brother, Fourteenth Brother, and Eighteenth Brother. Now that these people are gathered together, their power is extremely huge.

Moreover, Jing Fanxing has pulled some immortal dao cultivators to go against us. Our days are getting more and more difficult. " Gu Chensha understood the situation.

Now that the three of them had established the Calmness Immortal Department, it was already a huge power. It was originally smooth sailing, but the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was in seclusion, Wu Dangkong was in the imperial court, and Gu Tanjian was causing trouble.

Third Prince Gu Fasha, Seventh Prince Gu Fasha, Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha, Fourteenth Prince Gu Yunsha, and Eighteenth Prince Gu Hongsha. These people's cultivation wasn't considered much to the current Calmness Immortal Department, but the power behind them was huge. These years, they had been operating independently and had considerable power in the imperial court. If they joined forces, they would be a huge political party.

Behind Wu Dangkong was the Wu Clan, which was also a huge aristocratic family that wasn't inferior to the 72 Mystic Gates of the immortal dao.

In truth, the Calmness Immortal Department was isolated and without help. There was no true overlord overseeing it. Sage aristocratic families all had old antiques behind them.

This was also the reason why Lou Baiyue was so anxious to get Gu Chensha and Wen Hong to form an alliance.

Although the Black Tortoise baby's cultivation was high, it wasn't an adult yet. If it was allowed to grow for several thousand years, it would be comparable to a Sage. But where would they find the time now?

The three of them felt that the situation was grim. If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor continued to stay in seclusion, the situation would become more and more chaotic.

"It's necessary to suppress Wu Dangkong," Lou Baiyue said.

"The Calmness Immortal Department is a malignant tumor. We have to get rid of it!"

At the same time, outside the pass, in a courtyard of the imperial court's new capital city, several people were secretly plotting.

Their leader was a woman who wore a veil and would never reveal her true appearance. She was none other than Ming Fei Wu, who was extremely popular in the Imperial Court. There was also a man, it was actually Jing Fanxing.

The other one was Gu Tanjian. Apart from them, there were two other handsome people. They were obviously outstanding talents of the immortal dao.

They were the Scarlet Firmament Mystic Gate's Xiao Wujin and the Nine Swords Mystic Gate's Jian Chengkong.

The one speaking was Jing Fanxing, his killing intent overflowing. "Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and Gu Huasha must die." "I'm slowly making arrangements, don't be anxious."

Wu Dangkong said, "They're in the limelight right now, and the Heavenly Talisman Emperor will come out of seclusion at any time. If I don't have full confidence, I'm afraid they'll turn on me. That'll be troublesome."

"These people are loyal to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. We have to kill them to destroy his fortune."

Gu Shengjian laughed coldly. "However, we really can't rush this matter. The most important thing right now is to take things one step at a time. We can't touch those three, but we can still deal with their subordinates. For example, Long Yuyun, Frosty Jade, Long Zaifei, and the five people who obtained the legacy of the Gods of Five Seasons. As long as we capture them all in one fell swoop, the Celestial Calmness Department will lose its talents and will be hampered in all aspects.

"I think we should kill Jin Suibo."

Xiao Wujin's eyes were filled with killing intent. "When Luo Xiu and the others joined the Calmness Immortal Department, I wanted to kill the chicken to warn the monkey.

But Jin Suibo joined forces with many second and third-rate immortal dao sects, so I couldn't do anything. Now, hundreds of sects have joined the Calmness Immortal Department, and Jin Suibo's power has risen. He seems to be really loyal to the Calmness Immortal Department. I can't understand why. The Everlasting Celestial Sect was annihilated by the imperial court. "

"Jin Suibo is indeed a strange person. I went to discuss with him several times, wanting to pull him into our group, but he completely ignored me."

Gu Tanjian frowned. "If we get rid of him, the Calmness Immortal Department won't have enough people to deal with the immortal dao. How about we leave it to Xiao Wujin, Jian Chengkong, and Jing Fanxing? We have to do it cleanly. "