Chapter 301
===========

"That's a good plan, but there are a lot of details that need to be considered.

For example, if Li Wanlong's will enters the Book of Heavenly Demons from the Vermillion Bird egg, would he be able to come to an agreement with the will of North Star? "

Lou Baiyue said, "Li Wanlong is a Great Sage of the Yao race. He can think of everything we can think of." "Of course. I've long since predicted this possibility. But …"

Zhuge Ya said solemnly, "He definitely won't be able to predict me, and I've already sent the news to Gu Danjian and Wu Dangkong. It's possible that the two of them will spread the news, but it's also possible that they won't. Even if Li Wanlong knows about this news, it's still not within his calculations, and it will make the situation more complicated. My idea just now is just the beginning. It still involves the matter of me completely fusing with the Seven Star profound meaning. If this matter is involved, then my chances of fusing with it will be much higher."

As the two of them were talking, Jin Suibo flew in and dropped to one knee. "Minister, Mister Zhuge, I've dealt with Wu Dangkong according to your instructions. I've finally gotten your information in exchange for a lot of resources. This is the most important God-Forbidden Talisman."

He took out a talisman carved from jade. It seemed to have the auras of numerous gods, ancient and powerful.

"So it really is a God-Forbidden Talisman left behind by the Martial Emperor. Back when he unified the world, he hated the gods, so he created a God-Forbidden Talisman that can restrain godpower. When he unleashed it, the gods' believers within a thousand kilometers wouldn't receive anything in return. Instead, the power of the sacrifices would be absorbed by the talisman."

Zhuge Ya stroked the talisman. "But Wu Dangkong also has a few tricks up his sleeve. He's secretly arranged a few things in this talisman. How can he hide it from me?" "You have a series of plans, sir," Lou Baiyue guessed. "So what's our comprehensive plan?"

"Let's not make any moves for now and set everything up. Use this talisman to secretly suppress the Vermilion Bird egg.

Originally, I wanted to use this talisman to block out the power of some of the old-timers, making it impossible for them to detect that I've become a Lord of Seven Stars. But now I have another way. "

Zhuge Ya said, "However, the main fighting force of our Calmness Division isn't me, but the Princess and Prince Chen. The two of you are extremely terrifying when you work together. As your cultivation level increases, even I can't predict what your potential will be like in the future."

"Thank you, Mister. Chensha is currently monitoring Que Ying 'er and Que Huang' er. Should I come back first and activate the Vermillion Bird egg? Or should we go all out and seize the opportunity to capture these two women? Wouldn't that be even more foolproof? "Lou Baiyue calculated many moves.

"These two women aren't important. What's important is Li Wanlong behind them. In addition, there are some old-timers in the Vermillion Bird Clan's bloodline. If we capture or kill these two women, the Yao Clan will retaliate fiercely. We can't hold them off for now."

Zhuge Ya said, "Moreover, these two women still have value. They came to an agreement with Wu Dangkong and Gu Zingjian, but it's actually just a ploy to keep each other in check. When I execute my plan, I'll be able to make them fight each other endlessly, giving Calming Xian Si some breathing room." "Now that you mention it, I really do have a lot of ideas."

Lou Baiyue immediately understood. "Then I'll call Chensha back now. We'll deal with this Vermillion Bird egg together."

"That's right. We're more or less familiar with the situation at the border. The ape race and the Barbarians are colluding to launch a counterattack against us. However, I estimate that it'll take several months for their army to gather. It's not something they can accomplish in a day, so we still have a lot of time to plan."

Zhuge Ya performed an incantation gesture, and a beam of starlight shot out and landed on the Soul-Sealing Talisman. A strange figure appeared within the talisman.

"How could Wu Dangkong's little tricks fool you, sir?" Lou Baiyue laughed. About four hours later, Gu Chensha returned from the depths of the Wildlands.

"Sir, you already know about my report, right?" As soon as he returned, he saw Zhuge Ya wielding the Soul-Sealing Talisman and circulating the power of the stars.

"Yes, I do. Now let's execute our plan. If we succeed, not only will we obtain a Holy Vermillion Bird, but we'll also be able to open the Book of Heavenly Demons. I'll also be able to directly ascend to the Lord of Seven Stars." Zhuge Ya transmitted his thoughts into Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness, explaining his plan.

Gu Chensha instantly became familiar with the plan, and the four experts once again began to lay out their plans. The Fourth expert, Gu Huasha, remained outside to oversee the Celestial Calmness Department.

The Black Tortoise baby, Zhuge Ya, Gu Chensha, and Lou Baiyue once again gathered together and circulated their magic power. Powerful energy poured into Zhuge Ya's body.

Zhuge Ya waved his hand, and countless strands of starlight descended from the heavens, converging into Stellar Transformation, Stellar Serpent, and Stellar Scar. In the blink of an eye, the figure within the Soul-Sealing Talisman was bewitched.

He didn't refine the figure within the talisman, fearing that Wu Dangkong would find out. Instead, he used a bewitching technique to bewitch the figure.

"Soul-Sealing Domain!" Zhuge Ya activated the talisman. It completely enveloped the vermillion bird egg and the Book of Heavenly Demons.

"The power of this Soul-Sealing Talisman can temporarily isolate the prying eyes of some mighty figures. It can also isolate Que Ying 'er's senses. We can take this opportunity to seize control of the vermillion bird egg while incubating it.

Then, at the final moment, we can release the vermillion bird's aura. Que Ying 'er will be anxious and gather all the energy she prepared and transmit it across space.

We can use this as a diversion and blast this energy into the Book of Heavenly Demons. "Zhuge Ya repeatedly calculated and came up with the best plan.

"In that case, let's begin the preparations." Gu Chensha circulated all the energy in his body, and his Essence Spirit floated above his head. Boom! The four experts circulated their Essence Spirits at the same time and gathered their energy.

Gu Chensha could still cultivate the Son of Heaven's God-Conferment Art. His Essence Spirit was actually cultivated from the Sun and Moon Dragon's Handle, and it contained infinite profundities.

Back then, he was able to use the Sun and Moon Dragon's blood to incubate the Black Tortoise egg. Now, his strength was countless times stronger than before. The essence of the Son of Heaven's God-Conferment Art had not been lost, and when combined with the Great Massacre Divine Art, it became more and more powerful.

At that moment, he, the Black Tortoise baby, Zhuge Ya, and Lou Baiyue's Essence Spirits fused into one, transforming into a talisman. This talisman was the quintessential profundity of the Son of Heaven's God-Conferment Art. The quintessential profundity of this Essence Spirit was injected into the vermillion bird egg.

The vermillion bird egg instantly floated up, and countless flames appeared on it. These flames were the vermillion bird's True Fire, the purest flame in the world. This was the law of fire.

The law of fire burned over and wrapped around the four of them. They immediately felt like they were being incinerated, as though they were about to be refined into gas. However, the Black Tortoise baby emitted a water light that protected everyone.

Water and fire complemented each other, immediately transforming into a strange energy that circulated around their bodies.

Gu Chensha first felt the Black Tortoise's law of water and the vermillion bird's law of fire rush into the dragon's gate. The Heaven Mending Divine General inside the dragon's gate was wrapped in threads, and countless rays of light appeared all over his body.

These rays of light gathered and flowed around his body. The Heaven Mending Divine General's body was once again refined, and his tyrannical strength had at least doubled.

Meanwhile, the law of water and fire surged into the depths of Buzhou Palace. The huge Buzhou Palace squirmed, and its fusion with the dragon's gate became even more profound, as though it was really going to fuse into one.

Last time, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue refined the Heavenly Sin and Earthly Evil Twin Stars, and their cultivations underwent earth-shattering changes.

"Jin Suibo, don't just stand there and watch. You also have the profound meaning of the five stars in your body. While you're helping us, you can refine a portion of it, and your strength will reach a tyrannical level. My Soul Restraining Talisman can isolate your connection with the Peerless Heavenly Book. This will allow you to temporarily escape the control of the book!" Zhuge Ya pointed at Jin Suibo.

"Mister Zhuge included me in your calculations?" Jin Suibo was overjoyed.

"That's right. I know your situation. The Peerless Heavenly Book itself is a god, and it borrowed your strength to do things for it outside, like offering sacrifices to it to recover its strength."

Zhuge Ya continued, "But you're already under the control of the Peerless Heavenly Book. This is your best chance. You might even become the Lord of the Five Stars, half an innate saint. When that time comes, the Celestial Calmness Bureau will have another expert."

"I really am under the control of the Peerless Heavenly Book, but if I isolate myself from the book and secretly refine the profound meaning of the five stars, I'm afraid the Peerless Heavenly Book will truly hate me. When that happens, I'm afraid we'll incur its wrath." Jin Suibo was still a bit afraid.

"Don't worry," Zhuge Ya said with a cold smile. "I've already divined that there's a big problem with the book. It won't be easy to recover from it. This is all part of the emperor's plan."

"In that case, I'll take a gamble and devour the Peerless Heavenly Book." Jin Suibo knew that this was a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

"Very good. Circulate your profound meaning and accept the baptism of the fire and water laws." Zhuge Ya sent out many runes.

The five of them worked together, and their Yuan Shen and Dharmic powers circulated at an even faster speed. Gu Chensha's power poured into the vermilion bird egg, causing it to tremble violently. After three days and three nights, it suddenly cracked open and a small firebird flew out.

However, there was a rune in the depths of the small firebird that tightly locked its body. That rune seemed to be formed from ten thousand divine dragons.

"Ten Thousand Dragons Divine Lock Rune. This is a forbidden art set up by the Demon Race's Great Sage, Li Wanlong. It's indeed powerful."

Zhuge Ya smiled coldly. "Now, let's see how miraculous the profound mysteries of the Heavenly Demon Book are." "Endless Realm."

Lou Baiyue waved her hands. The five of them worked together and opened the Endless Realm, bombarding the Heavenly Demon Book.

Her cultivation level was no longer what it used to be. With the five of them working together, it was still possible to open a crack in the Heavenly Demon Book from the outside.

At the instant the Endless Realm tore open the seal on the Heavenly Demon Book, everyone sent the hatched vermilion bird inside. Following that, Zhuge Ya waved his hand and opened the force field of the Soul Restriction Talisman.