Chapter 1123
============

Who Is the Male and Female

"In my opinion, all of you are trash."

Zhou Qin stared coldly at these people. Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, Zhuge Ya, they were all people with illustrious fame, people who practically reigned supreme in the heavens and earth. But in his eyes, they were no different from chickens and dogs. Other than Gu Chensha, these people were not even worth a speck of dust.

"Zhou Qin, these ants are actually surrounding us."

Hong Yi also smiled. "It seems that if we don't teach them an unforgettable lesson, they won't know how powerful we are." "No need."

Zhou Qin said fiercely, "There's no need to teach them a lesson this time. Just kill them directly. I want to see what Gu Chensha can do to us. Anyway, we'll have to face Gu Chensha sooner or later. Blindly avoiding him is not a solution. This group of ants has come to us. If we still cower, we'll simply degrade our reputation."

At this moment, Zhou Qin's entire body was filled with endless killing intent. This killing intent surged forth and condensed into something corporeal before turning into countless runes. These runes gathered together and condensed into a rain of light that filled the sky. Within the rain of light, there seemed to be another independent space-time, another multiverse.

In other words, Zhou Qin's killing intent had cut off the space-time in this area, separating it from the multiverse and severing all connections.

"Zhou Qin, I won't do anything then. I'll let you have some practice. Squash these flies that don't know what's good for them. That way, they won't continue to grumble in front of us." Hong Yi placed his hands behind his back, seemingly unwilling to do anything.

"Great formation."

Lou Baiyue did not pay attention to their sarcasm and ridicule. Instead, she mobilized everyone to take up positions and form a large formation.

The formation took shape, and the undying aura rose steadily, almost reaching the peak of power. The formation was not very large, only a few dozen li in circumference. To the multiverse, it was even less than a speck of dust.

One had to know that any star field in the universe was calculated in light years, not to mention a universe, and that was a small universe. A real super universe couldn't be measured in units of data. Therefore, a large array with a radius of several dozen miles was really too small. However, close to a hundred Undying Realm experts had set up such a formation.

As soon as the formation was complete, a strange entity appeared in the middle of the formation eye. It was an eyeball. This eyeball struggled fiercely. It soared and changed, releasing many rays of light from within. Wherever the light reached, the seal would break. Buzz buzz buzz buzz …

Originally, Zhou Qin had created a spatial seal over this place. However, the eyeball that had condensed from the array eye had instantly destroyed it.

The eyeball seemed to contain an inexhaustible amount of power. Deep within the eyeball were countless pupils, and between each pupil, there were different thoughts.

"Nonexistent Eye."

Lou Baiyue's voice was cold and emotionless. This was a plan that they had come up with long ago. They would strike first and gain the upper hand against Zhou Qin and the others.

In the past hundred thousand years of research, Lou Baiyue and the others realized that Zhou Qin, Hong Yi, and the others were the most terrifying. They were even more terrifying than the old world's will and the new world's will, Gu Xinjian. Moreover, it was very likely that they would fall at the hands of Zhou Qin and the others.

No one knew where these people came from, and no one knew where they would go. They would stir up countless waves in this world, and in the end, they would pose a threat to even Gu Chensha.

Now that these people had grown up, if they didn't kill them, they might not be able to eat and sleep in peace in the future.

Moreover, Lou Baiyue and the others had reached a bottleneck in their cultivation, and it was difficult for them to advance. If they wanted to advance, they would have to do something extraordinary. Right now, the extraordinary thing was to fight against extremely dangerous beings.

In the all-heavens, only Zhou Qin and the other five people could pose a threat to Lou Baiyue and the others.

Apart from them, even the old world's will and the new world's will, Gu Xinjian, didn't have this ability, let alone Lin Yixun, who wasn't from the old world, or Qu Chen, who was from the Longevity World.

In fact, apart from Gu Chensha, the strongest people in the multiverse were Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li, the six absolute protagonists.

These six people had the ability to overturn creation and were invincible in the universe. They could transform heaven and earth and twist fate. Their power wasn't cultivated, but was innate. Their mystiques had actually surpassed a portion of the multiverse. In front of them, the multiverse seemed insignificant. It was precisely because of this that it was challenging. Only then could they stimulate all their potential and unleash the strongest power. They could raise the cultivation of Lou Baiyue and the others to a terrifying realm.

"What?"

Zhou Qin was slightly surprised to see an eyeball appear in the formation, and the light it emitted actually broke his seal. Then, a cruel smile appeared on his face. "In that case, your resistance has piqued my interest. You're just a bunch of useless chickens and pottery dogs. Even if you join forces, you won't be able to withstand a single blow. Break!" Rumble!

Zhou Qin made a grabbing motion with his hand. Instantly, his palm exploded out, turning into a gigantic mountain that blotted out the sky. The universe trembled because of it. Under the power of this palm, all life force disappeared, and all the paths of survival were transformed into destruction.

Creak, creak. The formation formed by nearly a hundred Supreme Immortal Realm experts was actually on the verge of collapse.

"Terrifying. This person is truly terrifying."

Zhuge Ya sat in the middle of the formation, activating his Supreme Immortal Realm power. This formation was something they had planned long ago. All the Supreme Immortal Realm experts had arranged it for a long time, repeatedly calculating the strongest power they could unleash.

Originally, he thought he could suppress any one of Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, Jiang Li, or any one of them. But now, it seemed that the other party was in danger of breaking the formation with just a wave of his hand. He immediately knew that his plan might have deviated a little. However, deviating a little from the plan was within their expectations.

"Immediately wake up the second plan." Lou Baiyue didn't even think, her eyes frighteningly calm. Crack!

Immediately, everyone activated some sort of incantation. This incantation was incomparably desolate, as if it was the deepest curse or musical note from the Primordial Desolate Era. Woo woo woo …

Mournful wails rang out as the power changed and the colour of the world changed. Another eyeball appeared within the formation core of the great magic array. This eyeball was exactly the same as the previous one. When the two eyeballs came together, their power instantly doubled. Next, the rays of light from the eyeballs fused together to form an overwhelming ocean, which instantly destroyed the gigantic hand that Zhou Qin had sent out.

"How dare you!"

Zhou Qin seemed to be enraged. He suddenly stood up straight, and endless True Essence of Destruction appeared in his body.

His hands moved, as if he was tearing something apart. His footsteps were like dragons and tigers, and as he trampled, he exploded with the strongest killing intent.

He clenched his fists, and the power of his fists was indescribable. It was as if the multiverse was trembling in front of his fists, about to collapse. All living beings knelt before his iron fists, completely submitting.

"All of you, kneel!" Zhou Qin was enraged. In his rage, he would destroy all living beings!

His fists continuously smashed toward the center of the formation, and his aura rose endlessly. Everyone in the multiverse seemed to feel that doomsday was coming, especially those experts in the Heavenly Dao Realm, who felt that a great catastrophe was about to befall them.

At this moment, this mysterious Zhou Qin finally erupted with his true strength. With just this one punch, ordinary experts in the Undying Realm might be killed in one hit.

For example, if the Dharma Saint were to fight Zhou Qin now, he wouldn't even need to use his fists. With a flick of his fingers, the Dharma Saint might be annihilated.

"Activate again. Squeeze out all the power of your spirit."

The Martial Saint let out a long roar, as if the more pressure Zhou Qin exerted on him, the more comfortable he felt. "This guy is indeed powerful. He can pressure us enough, and even threaten us with death. But that's exactly why he's so valuable. After all these years, ever since we reached the Undying Realm, no one has been able to threaten us with death. That's why we can't stimulate more of the power in our hearts. We've long known that the power in our hearts is limitless, and what we lack is a medium to squeeze it out. Now that we don't have any threat, it's only natural that we can't squeeze it out. Zhou Qin and the others are the best tools for us to do so!"

"That's right. Zhou Qin and the others are actually this strong. Thankfully, we've made plenty of preparations. This is a battle of life and death, and also a battle to temper ourselves.

If Zhou Qin wasn't our opponent, we wouldn't have been able to improve at all. "Chang Weiyang's expression was somewhat excited.

A long time ago, when Chang Weiyang was still in the Land of Infinity and presiding over the Mystic Gate of the Universe, she already had the courage to destroy everything. She didn't even care about the Heaven's Will, let alone life and death. Otherwise, she wouldn't have become an outlier.

Now that she had reached the Undying Realm, her heart hadn't changed at all. Instead, it had become even firmer, and she wasn't afraid of anything. When it came to powerful existences, her first priority was to learn, and second, to surpass. Even if it was Gu Chensha, it was the same for her. All these years of hardship had forged her innate ability to output power.

The power of one's spirit was limitless, but the channels of output were limited. A person's cultivation base was all about expanding the channels of output, so that they could utilize more of their spirit power. Whoever could output more, and with more ferocity, would have a stronger cultivation base. That was the cultivation method Gu Chensha had created.