Chapter 575
===========

"I'm afraid this time's Demon Disaster will destroy the Yongchō. It won't be a matter of a day or two. It might even be a matter of a year or two."

Jing Qiu sighed. "As expected, the Celestial Talisman Division has great luck. They were actually able to benefit greatly from the first wave of the Demon Disaster. That's right. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor has been planning for so long. If the Yongchō couldn't withstand the attack and collapsed, the world would bleed. Wouldn't he be inferior to a Martial Emperor then?" "What? The Celestial Talisman Division wasn't destroyed in the Demon Disaster? "

Jing Fanxing's face flashed with deep disappointment. "I didn't expect this bunch of trash to be so lucky."

"Jing Fanxing, do you know why I built the Holy Sama Empire in this barren desert and struggled to develop its population? Why not build a country somewhere else?

If it had been built in a place with mountains and rivers, I'm afraid the speed of development would have been much faster, "Jing Qiu said fiercely.

"My lord, there are a few reasons for this. First, the desert is a barren land with no vitality. Building here and moving water and soil from other places rich in water vapor will turn the desert into an oasis. This is in line with the Heavenly Dao, which means taking what's surplus and making up for what's lacking. It will heal the wounds of the entire Land of Infinity. This is a great merit.

Second, letting the people participate in the construction in the desert will temper their will to fight against the desert. This will make the people brave, and their quality will far exceed that of the people in the rich land. Their faith will be stronger.

Third, it is easier to create miracles in a barren land. This way, the Patriarch's miracles can be passed down from generation to generation.

Fourth, if a country is built in a rich land, development will be fast, but the population will expand. This will have an impact on the environment, and in the unseen world, it will reduce merit.

And in a barren land, it is a wasteland. It can't get any worse. At its lowest point, it will only get better, not worse. "

Jing Fanxing had calmed down and worked hard in the Holy Sama Empire over the years. He had gradually understood the principles of the human world. Although he still hated the Celestial Talisman Division, he was no longer as arrogant as before.

"Very good. You've learned quite a lot over the years. Remember, the human world is the Heavenly Dao. The power and human affairs of the human world are all in line with the changes of the Heavenly Dao."

Jing Qiu said, "We're too far away from the Central Divine Prefecture, and the desert is barren. Even if the Devil Calamity erupts, it won't affect us for a while. We can speed up our development, and at the same time, we can take advantage of the opportunity of the Devil Calamity to reap the greatest benefits. This Devil Calamity won't end so quickly. I'm afraid it'll last for decades, or even centuries. I have enough time to come out of seclusion and gather resources. "

"Don't worry, Patriarch. I will definitely manage the Holy Sama Empire well. I will respect the small and be cautious. I will develop the population and help the people." Jing Fanxing was much more serious. "How is the Patriarch's comprehension of the Dao of Anomalies?" "Difficult, difficult, difficult."

Jing Qiu said, "Originally, I thought that I would be able to comprehend the Dao of Deviant very quickly, but the deeper my cultivation, the more unfathomable my comprehension of the Dao of Deviant becomes. I thought that you would be able to break out in adversity and comprehend the Dao of Deviant, but now it seems that I miscalculated. Fortunately, you're not fated to die. You've received the blessing of Dou Nineteen. Otherwise, you would already be dead by now. "

"Since I'm not fated to die, then it will be the end of those bastards from the Calming Immortal Department."

Jing Qiu's chest burned with rage, but his expression was as deep as the sea. It seemed that the successive tribulations had made him mature. "I will definitely surpass them."

"Although you've been cleansed by Dou Nineteen and once again become an unparalleled genius, Gu Chensha used the Banishing Immortals to take away all your cultivation and talent. It's difficult to make up for that. Moreover, you're eager for quick success. You've reversed time in the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth, wasting hundreds of years of your life. It's practically impossible for you to regain your previous strength, unless you have a major fortuitous encounter."

Jing Qiu sighed. "But since you've embarked on the path of opposing the Calming Immortal Department, you won't lack fortuitous encounters." "Patriarch, how do we develop our economy and population now?"

Jing Fanxing said, "Originally, you haven't reached the God level and can't form a world of your own, so it's impossible for you to absorb the power of faith. Even if you erect a statue, it would be a waste. You'll be able to merge with the world, but you've obtained the profound meaning of the Imperial Star of Myrtle. This profound meaning itself is the strongest path of an emperor. With it as a foundation, absorbing faith will automatically create a world of dust. Especially now that you've cultivated to the 27 Transformations and comprehended the Way of Spatial Transformations, as long as the power of faith is strong enough, you can completely merge with the Imperial Star of Myrtle and turn your talent into that of an inborn saint."

"The Imperial Star of Myrtle is indeed powerful. I've nourished it with the power of faith, which is just right."

Jing Qiu said, "With my current strength, I can even withstand a few blows from a God level expert. I can escape, so there's no need to worry about my safety.

"You're right. The most important thing now is to develop the Holy Sama Empire's population and economy, so that the power of faith will increase dramatically. Every time I increase the population, my Myrtle Imperial Star will gain a bit more power.

However, expanding the population requires food. Although I've been working hard, the land in this desert is too barren, and it's hard to sustain food production. Expanding the population will be even more difficult. "

"The Celestial Calmness Department's previous policy was to expand the population. They actually gave out Heavenly Dew Pills!

I wonder where they got so much Heavenly Dew. "When Jing Fanxing thought of this, his heart filled with dread.

"The Celestial Calmness Department has countless tricks up their sleeves, and they have the support of Grand Emperor Gu Taxian of the Heavenly Talisman Empire. That's not something we can compare to."

Jing Qiu suddenly flipped his palm and a Space Ring appeared in his palm. It could be seen that inside the Space Ring, there were actually densely packed white insects that were as thin as grains of rice. They looked like maggots, but they were crystal clear and sacred.

"Clan Lord, what is this?" Jing Fanxing asked.

"It's a secret magic I acquired from the Barbarians, the Sun-Devouring Bug."

Jing Qiu said, "This worm is equivalent to the nutrients of a hundred catties of rice. This worm's vitality is also extremely strong. It survives by absorbing sunlight. At the same time, it eats sand and excretes fertile soil. It can be raised in the desert." "I can't believe you have a godworm like that!"

Jing Fanxing exclaimed. "Then does that mean our Holy Sama Empire will no longer have to worry about food?"

"That's right," Jing Qiu said. "Our Holy Sama Empire will be able to rely on these bugs to survive. We'll no longer have to worry about food shortages, and we'll be able to expand our population." Handing the ring to Jing Fanxing, he said, "I'll leave the empire in your hands." "Yes, Clan Lord," Jing Fanxing replied, his eyes filled with determination. As for Jing Qiu, he tore the space apart and went somewhere. The Celestial Designer Institute. Gu Huansha, Maha Suisui, and Maha Linfeng were watching with bated breath. By this point, the Devilblight had lasted for fifteen breaths of time.

The three of them were communicating via divine will. Maha Suisui exclaimed, "I didn't expect the Celestial Tranquility Department to have such a method. They turned a crisis into a blessing, and even had the chance to turn a minor chiliocosm into a medium-chiliocosm. This is simply miraculous. It's impossible to fathom. " "It's not just a chance, it'll definitely become a medium-chiliocosm," Gu Huansha said.

"They actually summoned the World-Burying Coffin with lightning speed. I'm afraid many of the heavyweights didn't even have the time to react. That Zhuge Ya has devoured the ancient seven stars. I wonder what level his cultivation will reach. I'm afraid the quality of his magic power won't be too far off from the Dharma Saint."

"This Devilblight has been accumulating for the longest time. When it erupts, it will be the biggest. However, it will cause the least damage. It's a joke." Maha Linfeng said, "The Celestial Tranquility Department gave it a head-on blow, and the Buddhist Sect gave it another blow."

"The first and second waves of the Devilblight have been stopped, but the Buddhist Sect definitely won't be able to hold on for long. The Buddhist Sect will definitely not guard the edge of the Bottomless Sea of Sin and bear the attacks of the Devilblight alone. Even if the Supreme Buddha is resurrected, he won't be able to fight against the entire Devilblight. The Imperial Court has gained the upper hand in the battle between the spirits and demons. It's just like taking a breather for a moment. The following Devilblight might be even fiercer. You must know that the ancient Heavenly Devil Race hasn't appeared yet.

"As expected, the Buddhist light in the Sin Province is starting to dissipate."

In the spiritual fluctuations of the three experts, their eyes could see through time and space. Each of their cultivation was at the 29th Transformation of the Dao Realm, "Perceiving Chaos". They were only a step away from becoming God Realm experts.

In their eyes, the largest black rainbow was absorbed and defeated by the Celestial Tranquility Department after more than ten breaths. The Devil Race army and Devilish Qi that erupted from the Bottomless Sea of Sin were also purified by the Buddhist Sect. Millions of demons turned into Guardian Vajra. The Devil Race seemed to have been beaten senseless. The Devilblight and the Devil Race army retreated one after another. The Buddhist light of the Buddhist Sect didn't follow up with another attack. Instead, it abruptly dissipated. Then, all the Guardian Vajra were sucked into the Buddhist light as if they were sucked into a tiny world.

Obviously, the Buddhist Sect knew when to stop. Otherwise, the Buddhist Sect definitely wouldn't be able to withstand the next attack. Bang!

Suddenly, thousands of Devilish Qi erupted from the depths of the Bottomless Sea of Sin again. Each Devilish Qi seemed to contain some experts of the Devil Dao. They descended towards the various provinces of the Yongchō, as if they were going to cause chaos everywhere.

This was the Devil Race's plan. They didn't need an army to attack. Instead, they sent experts to stir up chaos in the world, causing panic and destruction of order. Then, they would attack.

On the Iron Mountain of the Legalism School, the Dharma Saint had his hands behind his back as he looked at the situation of the world. Beside him stood a few young talents of the Legalism School.

They were all discovered and promoted by him after he was resurrected. Although they weren't as good as Fa Wuxian, they were still peerless geniuses. The Seventh Prince, Gufasa, was also among them. He was the leader of the young talents.