Chapter 636
===========

"Your Excellency, we need to pay special attention to that boy named Gu Chensha. He has cultivated the Heavenly Daos and has endless transformations. I have been fooled by him over and over again until I fell into his trap. Not only was I unable to extricate myself, but I ended up dying. That boy has already grown up and is difficult to deal with. I hope that Your Excellency Wan Senshi will be careful."

Martial Emperor had suffered a great loss at Gu Chensha's hands. First, he had been deceived by Gu Chensha. Then, his Desolate Dragon Gate Talisman was stolen. Finally, in the Black Dragon Great Sage's Crystal Palace, his true body was captured and his heart of divergence was refined. This was the final transformation that led to the Celestial Calmness Department's dimensional realm.

"Don't worry," said Immortal Master Wan. "Although the Heavenly Dao magic is amazing, it's still too early for that kid to make a name for himself. I have a way to lure him out, then seal his body and refine him into a magical treasure. That kid is very useful to me." "Do you know why I saved you?

It is because you have a deep fate with this boy and the Celestial Calmness Department. The reason the Celestial Calmness Department was able to survive the demonic calamity was all because of your Desolate Dragon Gate Talisman and Stellar Transposition, which allowed you to obtain the Interstellar Coffin. Then, you used your heart of divergence to stimulate the world's strength and finally cultivate a dimensional realm. It can be said that the Celestial Calmness Department is in the dark.

"If I gain power, the Celestial Calmness Department will die!"

Martial Emperor's hatred reached the heavens and earth. What he hated the most was not the three Celestials, but the Celestial Calmness Department.

"It is inevitable that you will gain power, and you will definitely become an Celestial Master."

Wan Senshi said, "It is said that if you survive a great calamity, you are bound to have good fortune. You have encountered two death tribulations. The first time, you fell for thousands of years, and then you were resurrected. The second time was even more miserable. Fortunately, I saved you, and your fortune has changed. You can be said to have a flood of good fortune. From now on, you will have a smooth sailing life."

"Thank you for your kind words, Your Excellency." Martial Emperor said, "I still need Your Excellency's help." "Of course."

Wan Senshi spread open his palm and enveloped the Martial Monarch, "I will now use my own mystical art to strengthen your cultivation. At the same time, I will use my treasures to refine your body so that your cultivation can fuse with the Martial Saint's Paradise."

Streams of light burst out from Wan Senshi's body. It was like the Divine Light of the Heavenly Path entering the Martial Emperor's body. Immediately, the Martial Emperor's cultivation rose.

"Innate Cardinal Treasure!"

Wan Senshi brought out another magic treasure. It was a jade seal and it exuded a thick aura of the Imperial Dao and the Imperial Energy.

"This jade seal is called the Primal Emperor Seal. It is the first Emperor's Aura that was produced in the Primal Chaos Explosion. The so-called Emperor's Aura is the true essence of managing the order of all living beings. It was not easy for me to find this treasure in the depths of the Primal Chaos, and it is just right for you to use. After you encountered two Death Tribulations, you can use this treasure to make up for your losses. It can also wash away your past karma and vanity. What's left is a little vitality that has existed since ancient times in the depths of your heart." Crack!

The innate numinous treasure, the Primal Emperor Seal, was crushed by Wan Senshi and merged with the Martial Emperor's body.

Then, Wan Senshi took out another innate numinous treasure in the shape of a talisman. "This talisman is called the Monarch's Life Talisman. It can be said to be a pair with the Primal Emperor Seal. The Emperor's Aura will also merge with your body. " The Martial Emperor was extremely shocked. He had seen many things. What had he not seen before?

He immediately recognized that both the Primal Emperor Seal and the Monarch's Life Talisman were supreme innate treasures that could suppress the fortune of the major sects.

Each of these innate treasures was extremely rare, but in Wan Senshi's hands, they were like toys. Just how deep was Wan Senshi's foundation?

Wan Senshi merged the Primal Emperor Seal and the Monarch's Life Talisman into the Martial Emperor's body. Then, he took out a few more magic treasures. One of them was a small flag, and the other was a sword and a saber.

"These three are the Monarch's Life Flag, the General's Life Sword, and the Human Master's Saber.

They are also innate numinous treasures that represent the true essence of the Monarch, General, and Human Master respectively. With these magic treasures gathered, it will be enough to make up for your previous losses and complete the Emperor's Aura. "Wan Senshi poured all of them into the Martial Emperor's body.

Then, he ejected a milky-white stream of air. This stream of air was the essence of his own Great Dao. With his cultivation, it surpassed the three Heavenly Venerables. It was a piece of cake for him to wholeheartedly create a person.

Moreover, the Martial Emperor himself was someone who had comprehended a Divergent and was almost able to break through to the Heavenly Venerable Realm. Although he had met with calamities twice, his own comprehension was still there.

"Summon Primal Chaos! Reassemble Dust! "

Immortal Master Wan waved his hand once more. Instantly, countless streams of primordial energy descended from the sky. With a shout from him, the primordial energy disintegrated. Some of it turned into pills, some into magical treasures, and some even turned into worlds. Then, the Martial Emperor's body was enveloped in these worlds.

After a long time, the Martial Emperor suddenly let out a long roar in the Dust World. Waves of world energy emerged from his body and actually fused with the Dust World. He became a god again. His strength was starting to recover.

"Divergent Heart, reassemble too!"

Wan Senshi poured all of his profound intent into the Martial Emperor's body again. "This time, I've put in a lot of effort to help you recover your strength. Even with my strength, it won't be easy for you to recover completely. Furthermore, you are a powerhouse to begin with. If you were an ordinary person, I wouldn't have been able to do anything. Now, all you need to do is reassemble the Divergent Heart and everything will be solved. At this moment, I'll throw caution to the wind and help you again. After all, you are the most important part of my plan. " Wan Senshi suddenly plucked his head off. That's right, he plucked his head out of thin air. The mask on his head was also removed. Then, he sent his head directly into the Dust World and became one with the Martial Emperor.

"Your Excellency, you!"

The Martial Emperor almost jumped up. Even with his cultivation base, he couldn't help but be shocked. Crack, crack. Immortal Master Wan once again grew a new head. This head was still wearing a bronze mask.

"Shut up! Hurry up and cultivate, you can form the Divergent Heart! "Wan Senshi roared.

The Martial Emperor felt an inexplicable energy in his body changing with each other. He seemed to have returned to the time when the universe's primordial chaos first formed. He was a mass of primordial energy. Then, one day, there was a sudden explosion, and he was born in the Big Bang.

"Yes, yes, yes!"

The Martial Emperor almost let out a long roar in his heart. "This is the feeling. I know where Wan Senshi came from. He is a creature born from the Big Bang of primordial chaos. He has no parents, or rather, his parents are the primordial chaos."

The Big Bang of primordial chaos produced countless primordial spirit treasures, and at the same time, ancient creatures were born. Obviously, Wan Senshi was one of them. If not for that, Wan Senshi wouldn't have been so strong.

To nurture the Martial Emperor, Wan Senshi took out all his trump cards. That was because the Martial Emperor was the most important part of him.

To create the Martial Emperor like that, he was going against the heavens and going against common sense. Only an old antique like him had the ability to create the Martial Emperor.

As he went all out, the Martial Emperor's body shook. His cultivation continued to climb and he broke through layer by layer. In the end, he reached the Truth Saint Heart Realm before stopping. This meant that the Martial Emperor had entered the Saint Realm. His Truth Saint Heart had become the Divergent Heart. The Divergent Heart that Gu Chensha snatched formed once more. This was a new change after absorbing Wan Senshi's head.

His current cultivation, strength, and realm were even more powerful than when he had been refined by Gu Chensha. He had recovered all of his strength and had improved even further. This was all due to Wan Senshi's nurturing.

Without Wan Senshi, he probably wouldn't have been able to recover his current strength even after 1,000 years.

"Good! You have fully recovered. "

Wan Senshi retracted his strength, "Quickly change. Follow my plan and enter the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven to take back control!" "Yes!" The Martial Emperor's body changed. It shook and exploded before turning into a streak of light.

Immortal Master Wan nodded and said, "That's right. This is the Origin Refining Realm Art that I taught you. It allows you to silently enter a world and attach yourself to it before starting to refine it. In addition, you already have control over it, so refining the Martial Saint's Paradise is even easier.

If I personally do it, I can refine this world but the Dharma Saint will notice and I will be exposed. "

The Martial Emperor's light seeped into the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven and disappeared. There were no ripples at all. Weng … Just at that moment, Gu Chensha's body shook. He sensed something.

"My Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven!"

Gu Chensha had left a clone in the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven, which was Wudang Xian. However, he suddenly felt that something was wrong.

His clone was left in Wudang Xian's body. He had used the Heavenly Law to gradually seep into the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven and take over the Martial Emperor's control, which meant that he had one-third of the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven's power. However, he suddenly felt that he couldn't activate the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven anymore.

"Could the Martial Emperor have revived?"

This was the first thought that came to Gu Chensha's mind. He was currently imitating the Martial Emperor's aura. If the real Martial Emperor revived, it would clash.

However, he smiled in his heart, "As expected, the method I left behind is working. I didn't get rid of the Martial Emperor's remnant because I was waiting for him to revive. Otherwise, why would I keep harvesting his leeks?"