Chapter 10
==========

"Brother Eighteen, I don't understand what you're saying." Gu Chensha lowered his head.

"Submit your resignation to Father immediately. Kneel down and refuse to accept it. That way, you can still have a chance of survival. Otherwise, Seventh, Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, and many other brothers will not let you go. Even Lou Baiyue will kill you. You should understand this very well." Gu Hongsha flicked his finger.

"But this is decided by Father. What can I do?" Gu Chensha continued to play dumb.

"Stubborn."

Gu Hongsha's eyes flashed with disdain. "You can't be thinking of marrying Lou Baiyue and then thinking that you can use the Lou Family's power, right? If that's really what you think, then you're extremely stupid. " "I haven't received any news yet. Maybe it's fake. Brother Eighteen is right. If such a situation occurs, I will definitely resign. "

Gu Chensha was famous for not having a temper and being a yes-man. This was the rule of survival for many years. He was very shrewd and would not act on impulse.

"It's good that you know. Let me remind you to be careful when you meet Tenth. After he received the news, he has already spread the word that he will find a chance to destroy you."

Gu Hongsha saw that the other party was obedient. He took out a glittering pocket watch and looked at it. He got up and sat in the sedan chair. "Let's go out of the palace and see how my newly built mansion is doing."

"Master, I went to supervise the day before yesterday. The pond has been set up and filled with spring water. We also made a toilet bowl that can flush water. It's a strange trick made by the Celestial Designer Institute. There's also big shiny glass and the floor is made of Kun Mountain Sapphire. It's simply a heavenly palace …" The head eunuch fawned and led the way in front. The sedan chair left the palace just like that.

"Master, I've heard of the Eighteenth Prince's mansion. It takes up a lot of land and has three to five thousand servants. The thing he took out is called a pocket watch. It's also made by the Celestial Designer Institute. It's very accurate to tell the time. After the Emperor ascended the throne, he gathered the world's skilled craftsmen and seemed to have made many new things." The little godson was rather envious. "Master, you still don't have a mansion? I think it's time to prepare. " "That can't be helped. Where do I get so much money?"

Gu Chensha sighed. "The Eighteenth Prince's mother is from the Shui family and wants him to compete for the throne."

"The Emperor didn't appoint a crown prince and let the princes build their own mansions. This is a good move. Every prince is ambitious and wants to do their jobs well.

His godson said, "I heard that the Eighteenth Prince's Dragon King Force has recently reached the fifth level and is close to becoming a grandmaster. However, if we were to fight, I might not necessarily lose to him. With my current cultivation, I can always amaze the world with a single brilliant feat. Why do I need to hide my strength and bide my time?" "It'll just mean it. not. Don't stepping into the Dao T. You. Gu. Gu. Gu Tian." It't. it. Dao. Dao.

Moreover, the Dragon King Force is a Royal Level cultivation method. Even though I have great strength, the basic boxing skills of the imperial family I've learned are only of the Common Level. If I were to fight with Old Eighteen, I'm afraid I would be slightly inferior. " "I still, I Wang. I can. but I don, and I Wu.'t. t. Do you have any more of those pills? " "A pill like that is worth a lot. I'm afraid it'll be worth a fortune."

"I have such an elixir, but if I sell it, it will cause a big sensation. The Marrow Cleansing Elixir, Vitality Elixir, and Soul Strengthening Elixir are all secret elixirs of the royal family that are worth tens of thousands. My elixir is dozens of times more effective than theirs.

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "I have to be patient. I have some achievements, but I'm still a frog in a well."

"By the way, the Eighteenth Prince told me to be careful when I meet the Tenth Prince. I remember a few years ago, the Tenth Prince almost beat me to death …" The little godson suddenly remembered. "That was instigated by Lou Baiyue."

"Tenth Brother has a violent temperament and does things without considering the consequences. However, this kind of temperament is deeply favored by the Emperor. Most importantly, his martial arts are profound and he is born with divine strength. He is also a terrifying character." Gu Chensha frowned. The two of them went back to the courtyard.

The sky darkened and the small courtyard was gloomy. There wasn't even a lamp. The autumn wind was rustling and chilly. The weeds in the courtyard swayed like the hands of a ghost.

"Puchi!" Gu Chensha lit the candles and the room became livelier.

"Master, our candles are almost finished. The Ministry of Internal Affairs hasn't sent them over. It's autumn now. Long johns should be distributed. It seems like the Ministry of Internal Affairs isn't going to provide us with them."

Gu Chensha checked the supplies in the room. "I heard that the Eighteenth Prince doesn't use candles or oil lamps at night. He uses moonstones. This treasure absorbs enough sunlight during the day. At night, it shines like a bright moon. It's very bright."

"We're used to having our monthly allowance and various supplies deducted. Now, it's even worse. We can't count on the Ministry of Internal Affairs. We'll have to rely on ourselves." Gu Chensha poured himself a cup of water and took a sip. It tasted astringent and he spat it out.

"This water isn't good either. It's bitter water. They all drink the water from the Cold Jade Spring." Gu Chensha had no choice. The water in the palace was transported from outside. Water was also divided into different grades. The eunuchs and palace maids drank well water. The well water in the capital city was bitter.

As for the princes and imperial concubines, they drank the water from the Cold Jade Mountain, which was hundreds of miles away.

The interior of the Cold Jade Mountain was rich in jade. There was a ten-thousand-year-old cold spring underground. It was sweet and refreshing. It had long been sealed off as a forbidden area for the royal family. The Ministry of Internal Affairs would fetch water every morning and send it to the palace.

As a prince, Gu Chensha was given three barrels of Cold Jade Spring every day. However, it was deducted. He was like a lowly eunuch and could only drink the bitter well water.

The eunuchs took the water and secretly sold it. It could be sold for a good price in the big restaurants in the capital city.

Other than a large amount of monthly allowance, the princes also had clothes, spices, tonics, weapons, jewelry, fruits, ice in the summer, and smokeless charcoal in the winter. It was truly a luxurious life.

In recent years, the Heavenly Designer Institute produced things like glass, clocks, moonstones, cold beads, and fire beads.

The moonstones were used for lighting. The fire beads were used for hanging in the house during the winter. The entire house would be as warm as spring and there was no need to burn charcoal. The cold beads were hung in the summer and were pleasantly cool. Of course, he could not enjoy any of these things.

"In the past, the people from the Ministry of Internal Affairs did not dare to be so excessive. They would more or less give me some face. But now, they are deducting everything." Gu Chensha shook his head. "There is no need to care about this now. Hard work and hard training are the most important things. Little godson, how is your martial arts practice? "

"Master, I have been practicing the royal family's basic fist technique that you taught me. I have gained some experience and can be considered a Martial Warrior now."

The godson quickly tidied up the room and boiled water. "Master's martial arts should be at the Grandmaster Realm, right?" "Grandmaster Realm is easier said than done."

Gu Chensha thought carefully. "My strength is enough, but my cultivation is still a step away. It is probably because of the cultivation method. I am only practicing the royal family's basic martial arts. I know how to circulate energy, concentrate, and breathe.

The foundation is solid, but I still need to learn more profound martial arts. For example, Royal Grade martial arts have the effects of gathering energy, concentrating, meditating, thinking, refining essence, cultivating energy, opening ethereal, and comprehending the Dao. Treasured Grade martial arts can also help me reach the Grandmaster level. "

Gu Chensha knew that if he wanted to break through to the Grandmaster level, he must practice Treasured Grade martial arts.

Martial arts were divided into Common Grade, Precious Grade, Royal Grade, Emperor Grade, Immortal Grade, and Heaven Grade.

The Sacrifice to Heaven Art could only increase his strength. If he wanted to use his strength perfectly and change his life form, he still needed a more profound cultivation method.

"Actually, it is not difficult for master to learn high-grade martial arts. As long as I submit a report saying that my martial arts are about to break through to the Grandmaster level, the Imperial Clan Court can only report it to the Emperor. They will definitely grant you the royal family's high-level martial arts. I heard that Tenth Master's' Slaying Thunder Force 'has reached an extremely high level and you are trying to break through to the Dao Realm." The godson was good at gathering information.

"That is not appropriate. I cannot expose my current strength."

Gu Chensha said, "If I am falsely accused of being a traitor of the Imperial Clan Court, with people adding fuel to the fire, who knows what the Imperial Clan Court will do to me." "That is true. Master has thought it through."

The godson said, "The problem is that if I do not obtain a Treasured Grade martial art, no matter how strong I am, I will not be able to break through to the Grandmaster level, let alone the Dao Realm."

"Let me think about it …" Gu Chensha touched his forehead, "This matter cannot be delayed. Originally, I could have thought about it in the long run, but Father actually let Lou Baiyue get close to me. It is the same as putting me on a fire to roast. Only by increasing my strength can I safely survive this disaster." In the dead of night, no one spoke.

The godson tiptoed out of the room and went to the side room to sleep. Gu Chensha picked up the history book and carefully read it again.

The history of the dynasties in the Land of Infinity was as vast as the sea. It was unknown how many tens of thousands of years had passed. There were also countless legends from the ancient times. It was quite tiring to read them one by one.

"Hmm?" Just as he was reading, he found a historical record of the ancient Emperor.

"The ancient Emperor comprehended the essence of the heavens from the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman and could cultivate the Emperor's God Investiture Technique. When this technique was mastered, it could sweep away all evil, enforce justice on behalf of the heavens, suppress mountains and rivers, move the stars, and confer titles to the gods. All the martial arts in the world evolved from this technique …"

"Emperor's God Investiture Technique …" Gu Chensha's eyes twinkled, "This martial art is powerful. How do I figure it out? How do I obtain such a martial art from the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman? "

If he could obtain the cultivation method of the Emperor's God Investiture Technique from the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, then entering the Dao Realm would not be a problem. At the same realm, there was a huge difference in the level of the martial arts.

For example, the Eighteenth Prince Gu Hongsha cultivated the Dragon King Force and was about to break through to the Grandmaster level. He might not be as strong as Gu Chensha's Bear Wolf Python, but if the two of them fought, Gu Hongsha would definitely win.

The Dragon King Force was unpredictable and mysterious. Using basic martial arts to fight against it would be courting death. Basic martial arts trained the body, muscles, bones, and skin.

The Dragon King Force, on the other hand, was a combination of the soul, aura, and mind. When it was used, it would be like being possessed by a ghost.

Of course, everyone had to first train hard in basic martial arts. Only after achieving great success could they learn higher level martial arts. Otherwise, if they forced themselves to train, they would lose their mind and die.

Now, Gu Chensha's foundation was so strong that no one could match it. He just lacked the key to open the door to a higher level.

The level of the Emperor's God Investiture Technique definitely surpassed the King, Emperor, Deity, and even the Heavenly Level. It was the general outline of the Heavenly Dao.

"How do I figure it out? How do I sacrifice it?

How do I exchange it for the Emperor's God Investiture Technique? "He read carefully, but did not find any specific records.

"The history books are as vast as the ocean. Trying to find clues in them is like looking for a needle in a haystack. If only there was a table of contents. No wonder, no wonder the Heavenly Talisman Tome was compiled. If I wanted to find any information, I could just look up the table of contents. That would be perfect." Gu Chensha now felt that the compilation of the Heavenly Talisman Tome was a great achievement. If he wanted any information, he could find it by looking up the table of contents.