Chapter 447
===========

"Everything is still within my calculations. I will fight my way out of this predicament …"

At this moment, Gu Chensha did not die. This was his plan. He had studied for a long time and accumulated a lot of knowledge, but he still could not comprehend the Heaven Dao Art. Therefore, he decided to put himself in a predicament to survive.

He knew that the key to cultivating the Heaven Dao Art was the bloodline of the Heaven Talisman Emperor in his body.

The Heaven Talisman Emperor was able to distort the decree, which meant that he had the power to suppress the Heaven Dao.

With this bloodline, he would be able to cultivate the Heaven Dao Art quality that he had never seen before and become a thief. There were five thieves in the sky, and those who saw them would prosper.

At this moment, the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Dagger activated by the will of the Heavenly Venerate was the key. A slash came.

Gu Chensha felt that all his will, the techniques that he had comprehended, and the physical body that he was so proud of had all turned into nothingness. They were not worth mentioning in front of this slash.

However, it was also because of this that the slash destroyed his past and allowed him to comprehend a new life.

At the moment of death, his will was as strong as ever. He comprehended things that he had never comprehended before.

At this moment, he used his death as the price to summon the bloodline of the Heaven Talisman Emperor. The bloodline swallowed the Heavenly Venerate's will and most of the power in the saber light before shattering his physical body. Gu Chensha was in an extremely strange state.

From an outsider's point of view, he had completely disappeared. Even his fate was gone, and that was death. But in reality, he was not dead. This state was similar to the state of a Sage when he merged with the Dao after he died. However, it was different in nature. He could maintain his consciousness.

He began to wriggle and transform like a thief who had started to cultivate the Heaven Dao Art quality.

In other words, he was fighting for life in the midst of death. He used the real Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Dagger to sever his own line of fate and evade the rules of the Heaven Dao. He began to steal the power of the Heaven Dao Art and fuse it into his body to cultivate the Heaven Dao Art quality. All of this was within his calculations.

However, this move was extremely dangerous. If he didn't succeed, then he would be annihilated. However, Gu Chensha had great courage, daring to take this gamble.

A mass of invisible Dharmic powers circulated. Gu Chensha no longer had a body. All the Essence Energy in his body had been converted into the quality of the Heavenly Dao Dharma.

The circulation of this technique was extremely smooth, and it could be used to fill the Chaos of the universe, or it could be hidden in the nothingness.

"Wonderful!"

Gu Chensha's consciousness and magical power revolved soundlessly and without form. No one could predict it, no one could capture it, and no one could discover it.

At that very moment, in the depths of the sphere of Life's Wish, Zhuge Ya's body had transformed into a ball of light, and Gu Chensha's movements could be seen within it.

However, Gu Chensha suddenly vanished from the mirror. No amount of divination could predict where he was. It was almost as if he were a figment of imagination, not reality.

"The thread of fate has been severed. Henceforth, Your Highness, you are no longer under the control of fate. You won't be divined by the divinities. You've finally taken this final step. Your Highness, you've cultivated a quality of the Heavenly Dao Dharma that no one since time immemorial has ever succeeded in cultivating." Zhuge Ya was overjoyed.

The ball of light transformed back into itself. "Henceforth, the number one expert of the Calming Immortal Division belongs to you, Your Highness. I'll take a back seat." Zhuge Ya had always been number one.

His realm and battle prowess, as well as his endless array of techniques, had even put Jing Qiu at a disadvantage.

But now, if he were to fight Gu Chensha without using any magical treasures, the Lord of Seven Stars wouldn't be a match for Gu Chensha.

The Lord of Seven Stars' magical power was at the peak of the True Dragon Dharma, just like the ancient Son of Heaven. However, compared to the Heavenly Dao Dharma, there was a fundamental difference. It was like the difference between an emperor and a crown prince. The crown prince was a bit lacking. He was still a subject, not a monarch. That one step was as vast as the horizon.

Zhuge Ya could no longer divine Gu Chensha's location. It wasn't just him. Not even a divine-level expert, a Sage, or even the three Celestial Sovereigns would be able to divine Gu Chensha's location.

The moment he cultivated the quality of the Heavenly Dao Dharma, he had left the thread of fate, leaped out of the river of fate, and entered an unknown realm. Of course, this unknown path would be extremely dangerous.

Gu Chensha's ball of magical power floated on the surface of the sea, undetected by Martial Emperor and Dou Nineteen.

They couldn't see Gu Chensha, couldn't sense Gu Chensha's aura, and couldn't divine Gu Chensha's location. The Heavenly Dao Dharma's concealment methods were exquisite. Not even Martial Emperors would be able to detect it. As of this moment, Gu Chensha had truly become an expert in concealment. Martial Emperor and Dou Nineteen were still fighting.

"Primordial Dragon Gate Transformation!"

Martial Emperor was heavily injured, so he had to kill Dou Nineteen quickly. He had to obtain the Dragon Creation Technique and many secrets of the three Celestial Sovereigns.

But even though Dou Nineteen had used up all his trump cards, he was still able to block. Another talisman appeared on his body.

This talisman was a streak of light. Within it were the Roc, Green Lion, White Elephant, Nine-Headed Snake, Giant Whale, and White Crane. They represented six different achievements: Courage, Mercy, Fortune, Demon Subduing, Virtue, and Freedom. This was Heavenly Venerable Putuo's Putuo Round Light.

But this talisman wasn't created by Heavenly Venerable Putuo, but by one of his disciples, a god-level expert. It wasn't invulnerable, but it could definitely block most attacks. Martial Emperor wanted to curse out loud.

From start to finish, Dou Nineteen's body was like a treasure warehouse. There were all sorts of treasures and talismans. Although he had the Undying Body of 25 Dao Realm Transformations, even a true god-level expert might not be able to gain the upper hand against him.

This was the king of the rich. Compared to him, even the Black Heaven Earth Sect's Sect Leader's son wasn't worth mentioning.

"I don't know how many trump cards this kid has. But compared to me, this kid is still a little too weak. Kill! " Honglong!

Martial Emperor used some sort of forbidden technique. Within the small Desolate Dragon Gate that he had transformed into, there was a loud rumble of thunder. Primordial Dragon Lightning!

Billions of dragon-shaped lights mixed with the power to shatter space. They formed a giant thunderbolt that shot out from within. With a flash of light, the Putuo Light was smashed into pieces. Finally, Dou Nineteen couldn't take it anymore and wanted to flee.

"How can it be so easy!"

The small Desolate Dragon Gate that Martial Emperor had transformed into sucked in Dou Nineteen's body.

"Martial Emperor, you are asking to die. Even if you obtain my true body, it is useless. I still have many clones outside.

I won't die at all. As long as I seize the chance to make a comeback, you will definitely die. "Dou Nineteen cursed viciously. He wasn't afraid at all. This was his true body, but it was too difficult to kill someone like him.

Even Gu Chensha had a life-saving secret technique. If he was really killed, he could be reborn on the Heavenly Demon Tree.

Of course, after being reborn, he would need to cultivate again. He would lose all his cultivation, but he would still be alive.

Dou Nineteen had stirred up trouble for hundreds of years. Who knew how many enemies wanted him dead? His life-saving techniques were thousands of times better than Gu Chensha's.

Therefore, he had nothing to fear. But if this true body was destroyed, it would be a huge loss. At the very least, his cultivation would be reduced to one-tenth or two-tenths. But as long as he didn't die, he would be the Martial Emperor. He had absolute confidence in this.

"You want to obtain my memories? That is impossible. I can still use the Nirvana Destruction Art!" Dou Nineteen's body released unprecedented ripples.

"Suppress!"

At this time, many runes shot out from the small Desolate Dragon Gate, suppressing Dou Nineteen. "Dou Nineteen, do you think self-destruction will work? How can I let you die so quickly? I must obtain the Dragon Creation Heart Sutra in your memories! " Whoosh! Just at that moment, something weird happened.

"Thank you, Martial Emperor. Although you used me to block the blade for you, I took the opportunity to complete my tribulation, seeking life in the midst of death. I severed the thread of fate, and achieved the quality of the Heavenly Dao magic. I will repay your kindness in the future, and I will let you block the blade for me once." "Thank you, Martial Emperor. Although you used me to block the blade for you, I took the opportunity to complete my tribulation, seeking life in the midst of death. I severed the thread of fate, and achieved the quality of the Heavenly Dao magic. I will repay your kindness in the future. This was Gu Chensha's voice.

Gu Chensha appeared right away and took the chance to snatch Dou Nineteen's true body. He then used the power of the Common People's Wish ball to break through the air and flee.

Even if he cultivated the Dao Realm Transformation 20, Gather and Disperse Impermanence, and also cultivated the Heaven Path Technique, he still wasn't a match for a Martial Emperor. After all, the gap in cultivation was just too huge.

After he cultivated the Heaven Path Technique, there were many other things that he needed to develop and comprehend. If he fought now, he would use up a lot of energy and it wouldn't be good for his future cultivation.

This stage was the toughest. Once he broke through, the next two transformations, Body Five Element Transformation and Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth, would be really easy. It was just a matter of time.

He had hesitated for a long time for this stage and had accumulated so much resources. Today, he had finally succeeded. From now on, he had stepped into the realm of a true Celestial.

Although Dao Realm Golden Core could be called a Celestial, in truth, it was just that one's lifespan reached the standard of a Celestial. Only when one had spiritual power would one be a true Celestial.

At this moment, even with Martial Emperor's intelligence, he couldn't predict Gu Chensha's sudden attack. That was because the quality of the Heaven Path Technique was something he had never seen before.

"Damn! Damn! I won't let all of you off. "

Martial Emperor was furious. His honor as an Emperor was being insulted. In the end, he was still a little weaker and all the benefits were taken by Gu Chensha.

He was also slashed by the remnant blade energy. Not only did his cultivation drop, but who knew how long it would take for him to recover?

At this moment, Gu Chensha didn't care about what Martial Emperor was doing. He was already in the Common People's Wish ball and at the same time, Dou Nineteen was wrapped up.