Chapter 707
===========

All the experts watching were shocked. Lou Baiyue self-destructed his dust world right from the start. He wasn't giving himself a chance to live. Actually, even if a Dao Realm Transformation 30 expert self-destructed his dust world, he wouldn't be able to harm a Transformation 35 expert. But Lou Baiyue's world was really strong.

Her Minute World far surpassed that of ordinary Deities. Even if the Minute Worlds of ten Deities of the same Thirty Transformations joined together, the power of the world would still be inferior to Lou Baiyue's Minute World. The difference in world power was just too huge.

Lou Baiyue's world formed with the Great Massacre God Technique contained the highest essence of the prehistoric and celestial civilizations. It could even exceed Son of Heaven Sealing God Technique. God Slaying Power surged. The current Lou Baiyue's world was at least 20 god realm experts added together.

This meant that if she self-destructed her world, it would be equivalent to 20 god realm experts self-destructing to deal with Wang Chongshi. This was already enough to threaten Wang Chongshi. Peng! The world exploded. Instantly, the power of the explosion wrapped up Wang Chongshi.

"Not bad."

Although Wang Chongshi was surprised, he was still not very flustered. "Lou Baiyue, your Minute World is very powerful, and the power of your self-detonation is also quite astonishing, but the difference between our realms is too great. It is impossible for you to harm me. If you can reach the level of Void Creation of the 31 Transformations, your Minute World will be even richer, and the power of your self-detonation will be even greater. Perhaps you can cause some harm to me. But it will still be a drop in the bucket. I want to see what other methods you have after you self-destruct your world. "

Once a god realm expert self-destructed their world, they would lose all ability and would be really weak. It would be hard for them to recover and it would cause permanent damage and a regression in their cultivation.

While speaking, Wang Chongshi reached out and grabbed. A similar world power surged out. This world power turned into a desolate aura with a flick of his fingers. Desolate dust. This was the realm of the thirty-five transformations.

Thirty-five Transformations, the Great Chaos of the Tiny Dust. Using the power of the world as tiny as a speck of dust, it could evolve into a Great Chaos of the universe. This kind of power was almost the limit of the transformations known by the Sages. This state was also known as' One Thought One World 'in the Buddhist Sect. A single thought could create a world.

The power of dust was equivalent to a thought. It could instantly expand and transform into a universe. Kill!

Between the heavens and the earth, countless laws were changing, and countless Desolate Powers were surging and changing.

Wang Xiangshi's palm moved, and with a wave of his hand, he completely obliterated the explosive power of Lou Baiyue's microscopic world!

A Dao Realm Transformation 30 God Realm expert wouldn't be able to harm a Dao Realm Transformation 35 Saint like Wang Xiangshi.

After killing Lou Baiyue's Minute Dust World in one fell swoop, Wang Xiangshi waited for Lou Baiyue to admit defeat.

But then, Lou Baiyue suddenly snapped her fingers again, in her body, in an instant, a microscopic world was born, flew out again, and violently exploded, again detonating the microscopic world.

"What?" Wang Chongshi's eyes almost popped out of their sockets.

When a Divine level expert self-destructed his own Microscopic World, it was equivalent to an old tycoon losing all the wealth he had accumulated throughout his life. It would be impossible for him to earn it back.

However, after Lou Baiyue blew up his own Microscopic Dust World, a brand new Microscopic Dust World was born in an instant. What was going on?

"How is that possible?

She detonated her own microscopic world and a brand new one is born. Is this the power of the Great Massacre God Technique?

Legend has it that the Great Massacre God Technique shocked the heavens. As long as one cultivated it, one could use any power in the world to exchange, mix, and combine. From then on, one's Xiantian Earth Energy and powers would be endless. But at God Realm, would one have an endless supply of microscopic worlds?

After detonating one's own microscopic world, a brand new one would be born and then self-destruct? " Many of the experts were shocked.

"Right, this is the secret of the Great Massacre God Technique."

Lou Baiyue said, "His Majesty's might shakes the heavens and earth. Compared to His Majesty, existences like the three Heavenly Venerables are but insignificant ants. The secret of the Grand Massacre Divine Art is to surpass the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art. Even the ancient Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art was suppressed by the Grand Massacre Divine Art. To me, I can actually form a microscopic world in just a breath.

When I am at Dao Realm Transformation Six, the Great Massacre God Technique can use Xiantian Earth Energy which is endless.

After Dao Realm Transformation 30, the Great Massacre God Technique can form numerous microscopic worlds. " While speaking, Lou Baiyue flicked her fingers once more. Pilipala. A total of dozens of microscopic worlds were born. These worlds surged towards Wang Chongshi and then started to self-destruct. The strength this time was dozens of times stronger than before.

At that moment, these worlds circled around and connected to one another. They were like stars in the sky and exploded. They wrapped up Wang Chongshi once more. Hong long long!

While these worlds exploded, they formed a formation that grew and multiplied. It was like a huge formation and Wang Chongshi was in the middle with nowhere to run and nowhere to hide.

In truth, the self-destruction of these worlds was really hard to dodge. This was because god realm experts had the ability to perish together with others.

As soon as the dust world exploded, all the power of the world immediately sealed the void, creating a dead end of the world. Unless one was at the Empyrean Realm, they would be able to escape from the battlefield. Otherwise, they would suffer some injuries. Kong!

Wang Chongshi, who was wrapped up in the explosion, was like an injured beast that was struggling in the whirlpool of the fallen world. Suddenly, a powerful god art shot out of his eyes. This ability could break through the ages and pierce through space.

"Ability essence, Son of Great Chiliocosm, take my move, Descending God Technique."

At that moment, a power exploded from Wang Chongshi. It actually contained a bit of Great Chiliocosm power. This was the power of Great Chiliocosm that he had when he was born. He refined this power into one move, Descending God Technique. He was the Son of Great Chiliocosm.

It was this move that tore apart the explosive power of the dozens of worlds that had been born. Wang Chengshi's tall and straight body rushed out from within, like a real primordial chaos beast. He opened his palm, and on his palm, there was a primordial aura that evolved. One palm, one desolate aura. The palm came crashing down. It was a desperate counterattack. Lou Baiyue's body was tiny in the face of this counterattack. The members of the Calming Immortal Department were on tenterhooks.

Although they had complete confidence in Lou Baiyue, Lou Baiyue's cultivation level was too low. She was only at 30 transformations and had just stepped into the god realm. How could she possibly compare to Wang Chongshi, who was at 35 transformations? Furthermore, Wang Chongshi's identity was special. He seemed to be the Son of Great Chiliocosm.

Not even a Saint would be able to withstand this kind of power and prestige. They would have to prostrate themselves and become obedient subjects. But at this moment, Lou Baiyue suddenly let out a long howl. This howl shook the heavens and the earth, possessing an unfathomable and unparalleled power.

In the midst of the howl, countless stars surged out of Lou Baiyue's body. These stars instantly formed a star maelstrom, welcoming Wang Chongshi's attack. At least a thousand stars flickered incessantly.

"These stars are all worlds of dust. Heavens, is he even human?

He's no longer a cultivator, nor a primordial divine beast. He can't even be compared to the primordial creatures of the primordial chaos. "Daoist Calming and some of the more knowledgeable heavyweights all gaped.

They felt that the Calming Immortal Department was a bunch of freaks who didn't belong to this world. Only then could they create so many miracles.

"Die!"

Wang Chongshi's palm collided with Lou Baiyue's star maelstrom. Instantly, a burst of light erupted, and the entire New Divine Continent shook violently, as if it were about to split apart.

"Suppress!" Gu Chensha had long since anticipated this.

He activated his Heavenly Dao Arts, channeling them into the World Tree. As the huge World Tree swayed, vines wrapped around it, preventing the New Divine Continent from collapsing. Whoosh!

In this moment of chaos, a dazzling ray of light from the sun and moon flew from beyond the heavens, directly entering the New Divine Continent.

"This is …!" Gu Chensha's expression changed dramatically. "The Sun-Moon Lord!"

His Heavenly Dao Arts had already reached the twenty-nine transformations, the realm of comprehending primordial chaos. He was only one step away from stepping into the Deity realm.

With his current strength, if he didn't use any external power and just relied on his own strength to fight Wang Chongshi, he might not be able to suppress him, but it definitely wouldn't be easy for Wang Chongshi to kill him. But if he ascended to the Deity realm, he could completely sweep Wang Chongshi. He would be much more powerful than the current Lou Baiyue.

If news of the battle between a Deity like Lou Baiyue and Wang Chongshi were to spread, it would be extremely influential. It could strike fear into the hearts of many heavyweights, but it still wouldn't be enough to strike fear into the hearts of Celestial Venerables. But the moment Gu Chensha stepped into the Deity realm, even Wan Senshi felt extremely fearful.

"The Sun-Moon Lord has finally appeared." Gu Chensha was about to activate his power, but that dazzling ray of light completely disappeared. The entire scene fell silent.

The people who had been imprisoned in the New Divine Continent had all disappeared. No one knew where they had come from or where they had gone.

In other words, with that flash of light from the sun and moon, all the people imprisoned, including Wang Chongshi, had been rescued. What kind of method was this?

"The power of the sun and moon, the power of two Greater Thousand Realms, instantly rescued so many people.

The Sun-Moon Lord has finally revealed his sharp claws and teeth to our Calmness Immortal Department. This time, if our Calmness Immortal Department can subdue so many experts, we will immediately swell up, and our power of will will increase by 40-50%.

Unfortunately, these people have all been rescued by the Sun-Moon Lord. "Gu Chensha's face was expressionless as he stared at the area where the light had disappeared, not moving for a long time.

"What in the world happened?"

At this moment, Lou Baiyue flew over. "When I exchanged blows with Wang Chongshi, the last strike, the light flashed, and everything became empty."

The author recommends a free mobile app for you. Download a large number of good-looking novels for offline reading, and a large number of free novels for you to read. Switch fonts, complete with night mode! Please follow the official WeChat account to download the app! Leishidushi (Hold down for three seconds to copy) Install the app!