Chapter 797
===========

"The Boundless Heart isn't easy to control." "…"

Gu Tanjian waved his hand. "Now that Patriarch Heaven and Earth has revived, he's joined forces with the Immortal Master, Wan Senshi, the three Celestial Masters, the Dharma Saint, and Wu Dangkong to refine the Boundless Heart of Xuan Xin. It's to restrain us. There's no way the two of us can defeat so many old-timers.

Besides, we can't rely on them right now. Once we join them, we'll be like sheep in a tiger's den, treated like fat meat. "

"That's true. Right now, the number one faction is the Celestial Calmness Department, the second is the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, the third is the alliance formed by these old-timers, and the fourth is the Great Spirit God. Now that The Great Spirit God has been injured, this faction has collapsed. In reality, there are three factions in this world. If we don't find a place to stay, we'll be in danger. "

Gu Changjian said, "If the two of us can devour The Great Spirit God and obtain the Dragon Gate, we can establish a fourth faction."

"Right now, it's just these three factions. In the future, when the Great Tribulation changes, it'll be hard to say. The divine continent's fortuitous encounters are getting more and more intense, and heroes are emerging in large numbers. In my thirty-six years, it wouldn't be strange for a few more experts to emerge.

Gu Chensha and the Celestial Calmness Department won't be able to completely control the situation, and they don't have the moral integrity to rule the divine continent. "

Gu Tanjian said, "But we must obtain the Dragon Gate, and The Great Spirit God must also devour it and plot against it. It'll be the foundation of our faction. Apart from that, we need to pay attention to the commoners' talents, especially those reincarnated stars. Many of them haven't been plundered by the Celestial Calmness Department yet, and we can take advantage of them."

"That's right. Back then, the hundreds and thousands of stars reincarnated to bring chaos to the Yongchō Empire. But now, not only is there no chaos, it's actually becoming more and more stable. However, these reincarnated stars still carry the mission of opposing the Calming Immortal Department, and will be used by us."

Gu Changjian said, "We have to make arrangements as soon as possible. Otherwise, as the 360 Common People's Marshals of the Celestial Tranquility Department become more and more powerful, the Divine Prefecture will truly be unshakable. Gu Chensha has already cultivated to become a Saint. Although the Common People's Marshal has already separated from him, his magical power can still be strengthened and refined, allowing the Common People's Marshal to obtain great benefits. If those Common People's Generals also become Saints, then things will become really troublesome. " "Ancient Sages are more than enough to manage the world, let alone 360 of them."

Gu Tanjian said, "Let's go, let's go down the mountain and observe the weather. I've calculated one thing, I'm afraid there will be another reincarnated Boundless Treasure. It's our top priority to recruit fellow Daoists. "

"That's right. At present, the Calming Immortal Department has already gathered all fourteen Boundless Treasures. The Three Dukes and Eight Marquises, Fang Lin, Wen Hong, and that useless Fa Wuxian had his Endless Umbrella taken away.

In addition, the Endless Heart is a profound heart, and you and I are the reincarnations of the Endless Sword and Endless Saber. In total, there are seventeen Boundless Treasures reincarnated. Of the thirty-six, nineteen have yet to appear. If we can gather all the reincarnations of these nineteen Boundless Treasures, then our chances of establishing a power will increase by ninety percent.

You should know that we are the first and second Boundless Treasures, and we have an extremely strong attraction and suppressive power to other reincarnated people. Apart from the Endless Heart, we are the only ones.

Most importantly, the Endless Heart is now divided into nine parts, and its control is in chaos. The attraction of the two of us joining forces has completely surpassed the Endless Heart.

This is our chance. We cannot let the reincarnations of the Boundless Treasures be taken away by the Calming Immortal Department. " As Gu Changjian spoke, there was a hint of anxiety in his tone.

"Don't worry. Although the Calming Immortal Department has many Boundless Treasures, they are far from being able to display their full might. You must know that the Calming Immortal Department's ideals are the exact opposite of the Boundless Treasures.

The millions of stars descending into the world are to create chaos, to destroy the Yongchō, or at least the Calming Immortal Department's rule. "

Gu Tanjian wasn't worried at all. "You swore to never surrender to the Calming Immortal Department. In the end, Gu Chensha had no choice but to forcefully seize the Endless Umbrella, depriving Fa Wuxian of his powers and demoting him to a mortal.

On the other hand, the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises, Fang Lin, and even Wen Hong all worked for Gu Chensha wholeheartedly because of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's reversal. But in the future, the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor will be at a disadvantage in the battle against the Heavenly Dao. The Heavenly Dao will sink, and the sun and moon will alternate. Under the influence of the Boundless Treasures, these people will betray the Calming Immortal Department one by one and do many things that are extremely beneficial to us. "

"That's only natural. Right now, I can feel the Boundless Saber's original intent incessantly influencing my thoughts, as if it wants me to do something big in the unseen world," Gu Changjian said.

"Let's go. Let's go for a stroll in Sin Prefecture City. You and I will use the Boundless Secret Art to sense it. Recently, there has been a new Boundless Treasure reincarnated in Sin Prefecture City. We can't miss it."

Gu Tanjian's figure moved, and the two of them left the snow-covered mountain peak and arrived in Sin Prefecture City.

A few years ago, Sin Prefecture City was already desolate and uninhabited, shrouded in Devil Qi. Only a few tyrannical soldiers and Buddhist experts of the Human Dragon League were stationed here.

But now, it was completely different. People came and went, and there was an endless stream of horses and carriages. Huge iron carriages whistled constantly, and flying boats rose and fell in the sky. The huge teleportation array in the center of the city flickered with light, and experts came out one after another.

People formed groups and entered the Devil Domain through the teleportation array. They hunted devils, obtained wealth, and trained their martial techniques.

Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian first arrived at the huge square in the center of Sin Prefecture City. This square had a circumference of a hundred miles, and there were nine teleportation arrays on it. Each array was hundreds of feet tall and dozens of feet wide, and there were people coming in and out of them at all times.

On the square, there were countless stalls. Some sold devils, some sold weapons, some sold elixirs, and all kinds of talismans. There were also armors and protective gear, and all kinds of other things.

In the past, because of the war between the Barbarians and the Barbarians, the trade center of the whole country had gathered at the border of the Great Stone Wall. But now, the war with the Barbarians had gradually subsided, and the Barbarians had been utterly defeated. The real war was concentrated in the bottomless Sea of Sin in the center of Sin Prefecture. This war between humans and devils was many times larger than the war with the Barbarians.

Therefore, the economic and cultural center had once again shifted to the center of the Divine Continent. This was also the method of the Calming Immortal Department.

Gu Chensha comprehended the Divine Continent's Secret Technique and created the perfect Divine Continent. Thus, the Divine Continent once again shone with brilliance.

"Everyone, a newly minted Ox-Headed Devil!

I just captured you from the Devil Domain. You have already cultivated to the fourth transformation of the Dao Realm, copper skin and iron bones! This is a rare general among the Ox-Headed Devils!

I've already used a talisman to refine his devil energy and planted a seed in his mind. As long as you drip a drop of blood on his forehead, he will become your loyal guard and will never betray you. Whether it's work, the yard, or even the fields, he will be a great helper. You can't miss this opportunity. "

"The seventh generation of the Heavenly Craftsman Institute's new titanium alloy battle armor is no longer a Humanoid Dragon Armor. Once you put it on, you will immediately become indestructible. You can exchange it for Humanoid Dragon Pills and all kinds of Devils. It would be best if it was a Devil Dragon …"

"Flying Sword, Flying Sword … Immortal Flying Sword obtained from an ancient well. After activating it, you can kill Devils from a hundred miles away. It can also restrain ghosts." "Chalcedony, fresh chalcedony." All kinds of hawking voices rang out incessantly.

In the past few decades, incomparably rare treasures were like cabbages in the market here. However, one could find many good things here.

"This place is really prosperous. Luck is like fire."

Gu Tanjian's eyes shone with a strange luster. The Human Dao Qi in the entire Sin Province was bright red. It soared into the sky and broke through the void. No one knew where it went.

The luck of the entire Sin Province at every moment was much more than the luck of the entire Divine Prefecture in the past.

"From this, we can see how powerful the Tranquil Immortal Department can be after gathering the Qi of the World in their Little Hongmeng Tree. With each passing day, the gap between us and them grows larger and larger. No fortuitous encounter can make up for it."

Gu Changjian's expression was very bad. However, it was fortunate that things like gathering the luck of the masses came quickly and dispersed quickly. The human heart was the most difficult to grasp. The people of the world might receive benefits from you one moment and call you a saint, but in the next, they might turn you into a Devil Tyrant. If we build a tall building, it will soon collapse. "

"Indeed. Grasping the human heart and gathering luck is extremely dangerous. The backlash of the Human Dao will immediately lead to a tragic death," Gu Tanjian said. "The human heart can only be borrowed. It cannot be truly used as a foundation." "I also know which of the Endless Treasures reincarnations will appear today."

Gu Changjian's spiritual sense had already spread out. All the details in the square, including the emotions of the experts, were all within his grasp. He was the reincarnation of the Endless Blade. When his spiritual sense spread out, even Saints wouldn't be able to find any traces of him.

"Be careful, don't act rashly."

Gu Tanjian warned, "Sin Province City is filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons. We have to be careful. As the foundation of the Divine Prefecture, the Tranquil Immortal Department has gathered 10 of the Common People's Generals here to prevent them from retaliating. Apart from that, there is also the Common People's Marquis observing in the dark. The Common People's King will also descend sometimes.

With our current strength, we won't even be afraid of Celestial Venerables. However, the Tranquil Immortal Department has refined the Xing Qiong Family into the Divine Prefecture Gourd. If they capture us, we won't be able to escape. " "So, we have to raise our strength."

Gu Changjian said fiercely, "Right now, both you and I are at the Divine level, the 32 Transformations of A Single Thought Connecting to the Heavens. If we both step into the Saint level, our battle prowess will increase by tens or even hundreds of times."

"Even if we both step into Saint Realm, we won't be their match. Unless we both become Celestial Venerables, only then will we have some confidence."

Gu Tanjian knew how terrifying Gu Chensha was. "Of course, if we obtain The Great Spirit God and the Primordial Dragon Gate, we will become Celestial Venerables right away. It might even be possible for us to become Celestial Venerables." ..... {Happy New Year … 17 years for all of you to be rich and have your dreams come true.} Notification: This site recommends a free app, saying goodbye to all advertisements. Please follow the official WeChat account to download and install. appxsyd (Press down for 3 seconds to copy)