Chapter 1131
============

Qin Guang

Lin Yixun didn't know whether to laugh or cry. Her disciple's disciple's disciple … She didn't know which generation's disciple built the "Sacred Palace" and offended a nobody. That nobody fought his way up and killed her disciples one after another. In the end, he even began to threaten her rule. But this was karma.

However, it was impossible for her to notice that a minor character had risen so quickly. With her strength, although she was tyrannical and unparalleled, she couldn't compare to Gu Chensha at all. Gu Chensha could clearly see in the multiverse which life form had the potential and which life form could rise rapidly. In other words, which life form had the fate of a protagonist. But Lin Yixun didn't have this ability. She couldn't see who had the fate of the main character.

Moreover, the myriad worlds were changing inexplicably. No one knew which one would become the main character of a universe, or even many universes.

Gu Chensha didn't know either. It wasn't because his realm and power weren't good enough, but because he didn't want to do so. He wanted some "accidents" to happen. Days without "accidents" were too boring.

"What do you think now?" Lin Yixun asked.

Then, she saw Hu Bugui, Li Xiuyang, Zhou Yang, Wei Jia, and Zhang Xuangong also enter the hall. They were the main force of the old and new worlds.

Different from the Lifeless World, the old and new worlds were always controlled by these seven giants.

With Lin Yixun as the leader, followed by Zhou Yang, Wei Jia, Zhang Xuangong, Tang Chuan, Hu Bugui, and Li Xiuyang.

Lin Yixun occupied the absolute leading position and could even control the origin of the old and new worlds. Therefore, she had the final say in the old and new worlds.

Moreover, Hu Bugui and Li Xiuyang were also with her. They were supreme Immortal level experts who were born in the new world.

With such a situation, not to mention Zhou Yang, Wei Jia, Zhang Xuangong, and Tang Chuan, even the peerless Immortal realm experts who were born in the old and new worlds had no say. Some peerless Immortal realm experts were even chased out of the old and new worlds and hunted down.

The reason why there were thirty-six supreme experts in the current Lifeless World was that some of them came from the old and new worlds.

"Of course, we'll follow the precedent and suppress this child."

Zhou Yang said, "Over the past one hundred thousand years, our Old and New Worlds have had thirteen Supreme Immortal Realm experts. Three of them have escaped to the Longevity World. The other ten have been sealed in the world's core. We want to use the power of the world's core to refine them. Right now, they're dying. They don't have much time left. As long as we can refine them all, our Old and New Worlds will have a big advancement. Our power will also increase."

"Then we'll act according to the precedent. We'll suppress this young man with a thunderous strike and refine him." Lin Yixun nodded. "We mustn't let him escape again."

In both the old and new worlds, the seven potentates had long since come to an agreement that as soon as a Boundless Deathless expert appeared in this world, they would be crushed without question.

Now, this young man had appeared. Putting aside the fact that he had a grudge with Lin Yixun, even if he didn't, he would still suppress, kill, and refine him. In this regard, the seven of them would definitely not show any mercy.

"Do it!"

Lin Yixun gave the order. Instantly, the seven experts moved at the same time. Traveling through time, they surrounded the young man in an alternate dimension.

"Oh?

To think that I, Qin Guang, would cause such a huge commotion the moment I ascended to the Undying Deathless Realm. "The young man's name was Qin Guang. He looked at the seven potentates coldly without any fear.

"Suppress."

Zhou Yang had seen this scene many times. Anyone who could ascend to the Undying Deathless Realm would be insufferably arrogant, just like Qin Guang. He could not be bothered to talk to this Qin Guang, and proceeded to suppress him.

Lin Yixun did not say anything either. In her heart, even though this young man was an Undying Deathless Realm expert, he was nothing more than a target to be suppressed.

The power of the seven potentates was overwhelming, forming a huge formation that stacked on top of one another, suppressing Qin Guang. Qin Guang struggled left and right, unable to do anything.

Actually, after any Undying Deathless Realm expert was born, they would face the suppression of the seven potentates. It was difficult to resist, especially someone like Lin Yixun, who was no ordinary Undying Deathless Realm expert. She could even command the Origin Wills of non-old and new worlds.

"You bastards, I won't let you off.

Also, Lin Yixun, I'll take revenge on you. I'll first make you my woman, then I'll make you beg for death … "Qin Guang's body exploded with golden light. As the golden light flickered, he tried to burst out. However, the formation of the seven potentates grew stronger and stronger, crushing Qin Guang's golden light in the end.

"Argh!"

Qin Guang screamed and turned into a ball of core matter, trapped by the formation. The ball of core matter struggled left and right, trying to break free. However, it was useless. In the end, it was suppressed into the deepest part of the Origin Source of the universe. It was about to be refined together with the other ten balls of matter.

"This kid is really arrogant." Zhou Yang smiled. "Does he really think he's the main character? I've seen too many people like him. "

"Those who advance to the Undying Deathless Realm are indeed the main characters. However, the moment they advance, their main character fate is used up. From then on, they are no longer favored by the myriad worlds. At their most glorious moment, they are also at their weakest. We've already grasped some opportunities," Zhang Xuangong said.

"That's right. I've already comprehended this principle over the years. At the most glorious moment, it's the moment of decline. It's even possible to encounter the greatest misfortune. Fortunately, I've already reversed the situation and gradually alleviated it. Once I comprehend the profoundness, I'll be able to break through the principle of decline and reach the true Undying Realm." Lin Yixun's tone was calm, as if she had truly grasped some sort of truth.

"Oh no!"

Just as she was speaking with fervor and assurance, the Origin Will of the entire universe suddenly trembled violently.

Zhou Yang pointed at the depths of the sealed universe core. His face twisted in shock. "Look, the Origin of all the suppressed Undying Deathless Realm experts have fused."

In the depths of the universe core, the seven magnates had created a space. This space had been created to suppress the Undying Deathless Realm experts and refine them.

Over the years, there had been a total of ten Undying Deathless Realm experts sealed in this space. These experts had gathered together, and now, only the core imprints were left, which were also the most crucial spiritual groups.

If these spiritual groups were refined, they would truly die, unable to be reborn. On the other hand, if the spiritual imprints did not dissipate, as long as they escaped, they could immediately recover their strength.

Now, Qin Guang's spiritual imprints had entered the space, and all the imprints were moving towards him and fusing together.

"Stop, stop them from fusing. We must stop them from fusing!"

Seeing this, Lin Yixun shuddered and broke out in a cold sweat. This was no small matter. Her voice trembled as she said, "If these spiritual wills fuse together, the consequences will be unimaginable." "Kill!"

Immediately, the other six magnates also realized the seriousness of the matter. They would never allow such a thing to happen.

Zhang Xuangong, Zhou Yang, Wei Jia, Tang Chuan, Hu Bugui, and Li Xiuyang had completely fused their power together and injected it into the depths of the space formation. Suddenly, an incredible change occurred in the space formation. It pressed down on the inside, trying to expel the fused spiritual imprints, but it was to no avail. Buzz …

In the depths of the space core, a strange wave that they could not understand was transmitted. It actually directly devoured the power they had injected into the space, and then accelerated the fusion.

Qin Guang's voice came from the depths of the space core. "I've said before, you can't kill me. I purposely sucked you into the depths of the space core to absorb other Origins. You've controlled the Old and New Worlds for too long, eliminating those who oppose you and trying to dominate this world forever. You've long incurred the hatred of the Origin of this world. I'm here to replace you. You're no match for me." Rumble!

The ten Origin spiritual imprints all fused into Qin Guang's Origin Will. Immediately, his power skyrocketed. Then, in a breath's time, he had completely fused with the Origin Will of the Old and New Worlds.

In that instant, Lin Yixun was shocked. She realized that she had lost control of the Origin Will of the Old and New Worlds.

"What exactly happened?

For the past hundred thousand years, I've been suppressing the Origin of this world to prevent this from happening. I don't want the Origin Will of the Old and New Worlds to reject its creator. "Lin Yixun had actually been prepared for this, but she did not expect that she would still be unable to suppress it.

"Lin Yixun, you're too arrogant. You should know that this Old and New Worlds were not created by you. You're just an opportunist.

The core of the Old and New Worlds is actually the Skyless Daoless Formation created by Gu Chensha's brother, Gu Huasha. When he died, you were the first to occupy it. Do you think that the Old and New Worlds are yours? Isn't that just wishful thinking?

"One more thing. For the past 100,000 years, you've enjoyed a high position and good karma. Now that you've used up all that good karma, it's time for you to die. However, before I die, I'll make sure to toy with you a bit to vent my hatred."

Qin Guang violently broke through space and appeared in front of the seven giants. This arrogant young man released a domineering aura. Crack! He flew over and destroyed all of Hu Bugui's vitality with a palm strike.

Before Hu Bugui died, a look of disbelief appeared on his face. "Your lifespan is actually about to exceed a hundred billion …"