Chapter 228
===========

In the center of the Celestial Pacification Department, there was a hall about three to four acres in size. A Fengshui layout was laid out, a landscape cast from jade.

There was the Great Wall, Xian Prefecture, Shi Prefecture, Wu Prefecture, and so on. The entire Yongchō's territory had shrunk by hundreds of millions of times, but the mountains, rivers, and veins were all present.

Moreover, the jade absorbed spiritual energy and emitted light, causing the landscape to seem to come alive.

The three heads of the Celestial Pacification Department, Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and The Fourth, Gu Huasha, stood in front of the jade plate, watching the country's geography and giving advice.

"The imperial court's territory is constantly expanding. This time, Chensha, you completed the recruitment of Baoyu Nation and opened up the sea route. It can be said that your merit is immeasurable, causing the country's fortune to increase dramatically and stabilizing the people's hearts."

Lou Baiyue pointed to the overseas territory. "In time, at least ten to thirty years, the entire wilderness will fall into our hands, and the population will increase dramatically. Of course, the main thing is to rely on the Celestial Pacification Department to increase the wealth of the tax revenue to support the country's enormous financial expenditure."

"The resources that immortal cultivators require are too great. They demand from the heavens and earth, but they don't know how to respond. Even if they collect wealth and store it in warehouses, it won't circulate, and it's as good as dead."

The Fourth clasped his hands behind his back. "I've done some calculations. If the seventy-two mystical sects of the immortal dao pay taxes, the population of the Yongchō will increase by a thousand times. How prosperous will it be then?"

Gu Chensha was also intoxicated by this imagination. If they could really reach that step, how strong would the country be? How strong would the emperor's aura be?

Perhaps the imperial court would be so strong that it could expand its territory to many dimensions, and set out into the boundless starry sky.

"Right, wasn't there news of the birth of a person with the aura of the stars?"

Gu Chensha asked. "Also, regarding the matter of the divine continent's number one killer, Imperial Father hasn't expressed his position, only saying that he knows. Do you have any feedback from your side? "

"The Emperor must have his own plans." Lou Baiyue took out her memorial, "Look, this is the Emperor's instructions for me."

Gu Chensha saw that the contents of Lou Baiyue's secret memorial was a report on the Calming Immortal Department's tax collection, as well as information on the whereabouts of the people who had been reincarnated by the star's aura.

Up until now, the Tranquil Immortal Department had roped in several hundred second-rate and third-rate immortal dao sects and received a large amount of taxes. However, they hadn't gained anything from investigating the reincarnation of star energy.

Lou Baiyue asked for forgiveness in the report. The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor's instruction was very simple: "Go to the Martial Prefecture to take a look." "Wu Province?"

"That's right," Gu Chensha said, "Not too long ago Fu Huang conferred a new Imperial Concubine, with the title Ming, called Wu Dangkong? Are they from the Wu Clan? " "That's right."

Lou Baiyue frowned, "That Imperial Concubine Ming was originally the manager of the Calming Martial Merchant Association. Her methods are not to be underestimated. She has a fiancé called Jing Fanxing, the most outstanding seed of the current generation in the Black Heaven Earth Sect. It is rumored that although his aptitude is not as good as Fa Wuxian's, it is second only to him. I wonder why His Majesty suddenly took this woman as a concubine? However, His Majesty's methods are unfathomable. There must be a deeper meaning behind this. " "I've studied Wu Dangkong's methods of doing business. They are not to be underestimated."

Gu Chensha recalled the ironclad fleet when he first arrived at the port of Baoyu Nation. Long Yuyun and Cold Jade Dew had told him about the Calming Martial Merchant Association.

The Calming Martial Merchant Association was one of the top trading partners in Baoyu Nation. Every year, they bought countless jades from Baoyu Nation into Yongchō. However, after Gu Chensha recruited Baoyu Nation, he adjusted the share of the jades. All of them were given to Cold Jade Dew and Long Yuyun to do business. A portion of it became the income of the Calming Immortal Department, while the rest was the private business of the feudal lord's residence. In this way, 90% of the Calming Martial Merchant Association's share was snatched away.

Gu Chensha knew the ins and outs of the Calming Martial Merchant Association. Many aristocratic families had invested in it, and they were basically against him. Furthermore, it involved the Black Immortal Dao Sect. When faced with an opportunity to attack his enemy, he would not be lenient.

He looked gentle on the surface, but he did not lack methods. In fact, he hid needles in cotton. He made others think that cotton was weak and easy to bully. When the time came, the poisonous needles would pierce into the opponent's flesh.

"This woman actually became Father's Imperial Concubine. I'm afraid it's not that simple. I have to be on guard." Gu Chensha had already thought of many countermeasures.

"Let's not care about Wu Dangkong for now."

Gu Huasha waved his hand. "At best, she is just a Bright Concubine. Moreover, Father has been in seclusion. Letting her into the inner palace is actually a declaration.

The Wu Clan has never submitted to the imperial court. This time, sending a woman into the palace represents a certain meaning. It is to calm the hearts of many aristocratic families.

This disaster seems to have passed peacefully on the surface. However, many people are still very confused. Father wants to use political means to restore the hearts of the people. " "This makes sense."

Gu Chensha pointed at the words on the memorial. "Since Father said that there might be a person who inherited the Qi of Stars in Wu Prefecture, I will make a trip. Baiyue and Fourth Brother will be in charge of the Calming Immortal Department. I will be in charge of running around." "The Calming Immortal Department can't do without people."

Lou Baiyue said, "The Fourth can't be idle either. He will go to the Eastern Barren Territory later to contact the second and third-rate sects and some unorthodox sects to deal with their disputes. I have to keep an eye on the imperial court and establish a relationship between the Calming Immortal Department and the major departments of the imperial court. Indeed, only you are suitable."

When the Calming Immortal Department was in operation, it was no small matter. Every day, there were at least tens of thousands of matters that had to be handled. All kinds of documents had to be approved. Fortunately, Lou Baiyue could multitask and was very efficient. She could handle thousands of people on her own.

The documents that piled up like a mountain only needed to divide her Innate Gang Qi into thousands of balls, and she would be done in a short while. Even so, there was always more work to be done.

"However, the Wu Prefecture is huge. There are so many people, and I don't have a target. It is too difficult to find a person. Have you calculated anything?"

Gu Chensha asked. "This time, I can't inform the local authorities about the search for the person who inherited the Qi of Stars. It will be a waste of manpower and money. Not only will people be uncertain, but it will also be easy for the news to be leaked." "This time, we must search in private."

Lou Baiyue immediately agreed. "The officials of the Wu Prefecture are more or less related to the Wu Clan. As long as you appear, the Wu Clan will know immediately, and they will obstruct you.

In fact, I can't calculate who the Qi of Stars reincarnated is. According to logic, the power of the Qi of Stars surpasses that of gods. Even gods would find it difficult to calculate some specific movements. In addition, the Heavenly Dao is blinded, and heaven's secrets are chaotic. I'm afraid that even the old antiques of the Immortal Dao don't know anything.

However, searching for the Qi of Stars reincarnated is also a kind of cultivation. It is a game with the Heavenly Dao, and it can see through heaven's secrets. It is very beneficial to the cultivation of one's spirit. "

"The star in the sky corresponding to the Wu Prefecture is the Martial Song Star. Heaven and earth can sense it. That person might have inherited the profound meaning of the Martial Song Star and reincarnated." The Fourth Gu Huasha gave his opinion.

"I understand."

Gu Chensha nodded his head. "Recently, I have been studying the stars to search for the Qi of Stars reincarnated. If I have any gains, it will also help to raise my cultivation."

The three of them discussed for a while more before Gu Chensha called the five of them over. He tested their cultivation techniques and taught them some new techniques before leaving.

Liu Yu and the others' cultivation was really quick. Since they entered the Calm Celestial Department, they interacted with celestial path people. Not only did they broaden their horizons, but they also learned many things that they couldn't normally learn. It was much better than cultivating in seclusion.

They had all cultivated the Dao Realm Eight Transformation Samadhi True Fire and were just one crucial step away from the Glass Jade Body Realm.

Moreover, the Five Seasons God Sword in their hands was slowly being activated, becoming a god weapon. It even exceeded the Law Breaking, Law Breaking, and Law Destroying celestial swords.

As their cultivation increased, the potential in their bodies was slowly released. They were actually all top geniuses, and their future was limitless.

Each time she saw the five of them, even Lou Baiyue would sigh. Gu Chensha was really lucky to be able to pick up such talents. Out of all her subordinates, only Lou Huaiyue was a top genius.

Gu Chensha had a total of six subordinates. Apart from Liu Yu and the others, there was also Long Zaifei.

One could say that even the weakest sects in the 72 Celestial Path Sects would find it hard to find six top geniuses.

Of course, these six people were now members of the Calming Immortal Department. They could also be considered talents. In terms of potential, the Calming Immortal Department had already surpassed some of the weaker sects in the 72 Mystic Gates of the Immortal Dao. If they had a few hundred years, it would not be impossible for the Calming Immortal Department to become a colossus. After Gu Chensha left the Calm Celestial Department, he immediately hid his body and left silently.

Now, the Calm Celestial Department's every move was being watched by many people. There were spies from the Celestial Path outside, as well as scouts from the various noble forces in the court. He definitely could not let his guard down.

Fortunately, his current concealment technique was the Invisibility Talisman of the Sun and Moon Talismans. Coupled with the increase in his cultivation, if he deliberately hid his body, even a Golden Dan Great Dao cultivator would find it difficult to see through him.

He flew silently in the sky at lightning speed. With his current cultivation, if he activated it completely, he would probably fly hundreds of miles in a few breaths.

The Great Yongchō was very vast, but Gu Chensha's speed was nothing. Soon, he flew to the Wu Prefecture and landed on a lonely mountain.

The Wu Prefecture was very vast, with beautiful mountains and rivers. It was not like the jagged rocks of the Stone Prefecture.

The people of the Wu Prefecture practiced martial arts. There were heroes everywhere, crouching tigers and hidden dragons.

In the center of the Wu Prefecture, there were five huge mountains: Yangwu Mountain, Yuanwu Mountain, True Martial Mountain, Martial Transformation Mountain, and Taiwu Mountain. That was the territory of the Wu Clan, established by the Martial Saint in the ancient era.

Gu Chensha entered the Wu Prefecture and observed the people. He only felt that the air was filled with a martial and heroic air. This was the custom of the people, and it was very strong.

As the saying went, different places nurtured different people. The customs of a place would gradually be influenced by the people born in that place.

He did not go deep into the Wu Prefecture, staying in the barren mountains at the border to avoid attracting the attention of the Wu Clan.

At night, the sky was filled with stars. Billions of stars shone with light, converging to form a huge stellar vortex. There was also a huge river of stars. It was impossible to tell which star was which.

But Gu Chensha was familiar with all kinds of astrological records, and he had even comprehended the Sacrifice of Stars of the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Rites. He could distinguish which stars had what attributes, which were evil stars, and which were inauspicious stars.