Chapter 175
===========

The Celestial Talisman Emperor appeared from the back of the palace. He sat on the throne and looked down. Gu Chensha realized that everyone relaxed when they saw him. If he didn't appear, they would be panicking. But now that he was here, they felt fearless.

"We kowtow in salute to Your Majesty!" Everyone knelt.

"Rise."

The Celestial Talisman Emperor stretched out his hand. "I have an emergency meeting today. I'm sure all of you know what happened." "Your Majesty, the black energy swallowed the sun, the earth shook, and the demon star descended."

Lou Chongxiao was the first to speak. "This is a natural disaster. It's a disaster for the people. We need to save them immediately and calm them down."

"Don't worry, I've already sent the Heavenly Designer Institute to provide disaster relief, repair houses, and rebuild roads. The disaster is just a small matter."

The Celestial Talisman Emperor asked, "But the demon star descending will definitely give birth to a hero. It's not the sky that's high, but the human heart. Natural disasters are not disasters, but man-made disasters.

Since ancient times, there has never been a dynasty that was shaken by natural disasters. Only man-made disasters can destroy a dynasty. "

"This time, I saw it too. Thousands of demon stars descended and disappeared in the blink of an eye. There's no way to find the source."

At this moment, Duke Xi Chou of Mei Kingdom spoke. She looked like she was only in her twenties. She wore a light blue chiffon dress, looking elegant and plain. There was a thin ribbon tied on her forehead. She looked ethereal and did not look like a famous Duke at all. Duke Xi Chou guarded the border of East Barren and didn't return to the court.

There were mountains everywhere in East Barren. While it wasn't as dangerous as the Barren Wilderness, it was where many immortal sects lived.

The states near East Barren had strong customs and many martial sects. There were many people in the pugilistic world, but they had all been influenced by immortal cultivators since ancient times. In other places, a mortal realm grandmaster was enough to start a sect. However, there were many sects in the Eastern Barren Territory that had many Dao Realm cultivators.

The Celestial Talisman Emperor made Duke Xi Chou guard the border. This showed that her cultivation level was unfathomable.

"The demon star descending is a change in the Heavenly Dao. It's born to disrupt the universe and is also the greatest calamity."

The Celestial Talisman Great Monarch said, "There are three calamities and nine tribulations in cultivation. Once you reach a certain level, there will be natural calamities, earthly calamities, and man-made calamities.

It's the same for governing a country. When a country is at its peak, the Heavenly Dao will naturally have tribulations. There's no such thing as a smooth sailing. As long as the country is able to overcome the tribulations, it will still be able to advance. " "Your Majesty's words have hit the nail on the head."

The Duke of Yi, Li Si Xuan, cupped his hands together and said, "As the saying goes, the country thrives on hardships. If the country is smooth sailing and there are no calamities, the people will not understand that life is not easy. They are arrogant and lascivious, and in the end, they will harm themselves." "Even so, this tribulation is no small matter."

The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor stared at the sky, the sun was still high up in the sky. "Many things would happen among the commoners, disrupting some of our original plans. The reason I gathered all of you here today is to discuss the future of the imperial court." "Your Majesty, please instruct me." The three dukes, the eight marquises, the ministers, and the princes were all singing in unison.

"Since it's a discussion, then let's brainstorm. This world doesn't belong to me alone."

The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor spoke in a condescending tone, "I've always said that I'm only a guide, a teacher. Today, I would like to hear your opinions." "Yes!" At this time, the minister Fang Lin spoke, "This subject has a memorial." "Speak."

Ever since Fang Lin was promoted to a minister in the Upper Study Room, he had been diligent and diligent in his work. His methods were also very smooth. Initially, some of the older ministers looked down on this young man. But after a few days, they all felt that this young man had the talent to become a prime minister.

Now that he was here, his voice was vigorous and forceful, "Now that the world is facing a calamity, the imperial court naturally has to do its part. However, this subject feels that the seventy-two immortal sects must do their part as well!

This subject has an idea. The imperial court should set up an emergency yamen to recruit people from the immortal sects. The immortal sects have been quiet for tens of thousands of years, only taking from the commoners. Their contributions are negligible, and it's time for them to repay their debts. We should use the corvee law to restrain them. " The moment the words' corvee law 'came out, all the ministers present felt their hearts tremble. Gu Chensha praised in his heart.

Since ancient times, the imperial court made the commoners do unpaid labor. Once the corvee law was too heavy, the commoners would suffer unspeakably.

However, in the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, corvee law was lenient. Even the corvee law stipulated that the commoners could only dig ditches and open up barren hills in their own land. They would not be forced to leave their homes. As for the immortal sects, there had never been a dynasty that dared to make them do corvee work. They didn't even think about it.

Once they entered the immortal sects, they would no longer be under the jurisdiction of the mortal world. This was something recognized by the emperors of the past.

Even the most talented and bold of emperors only hoped that the immortal sects would not cause any trouble.

'This Fang Lin is really bold.' Gu Chensha thought, 'Isn't he afraid of offending the immortal sects by bringing up this matter?

But then again, if the ancient seventy-two sects were really willing to do corvee work, who knows what the world would be like. The immortal sects were like the gentry of the past, refusing to do corvee work, refusing to pay taxes, and unable to get rid of them. It's time to deal with them. But this matter is difficult. '

"Continue." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor nodded. "What other suggestions do you have?" "Everything under the sky belongs to the emperor. The whole world belongs to the court."

Fang Lin continued, "Those immortal sects excavate treasures everywhere and take them for themselves. It's the same as excavating the wealth of the court, but they still have to pay taxes."

Hearing Fang Lin's two suggestions, many of the officials in the court looked at each other, thinking of the benefits they could get. They were all quite tempted.

One had to know that each of the seventy-two immortal sects was a super rich sect that had accumulated wealth for tens of thousands of years. As long as they plucked a single hair, the national treasury would not have to worry about financial expenses for decades. If the ancient seventy-two sects were willing to pay taxes, the national treasury would be able to do all kinds of great things for thousands of years. Not to mention, the immortal sects weren't limited to just the ancient seventy-two sects.

The ancient seventy-two sects were the strongest, the orthodox profound sects recognized by the Emperor of Heaven.

There were also some second and third-rate immortal sects, which were even more numerous than the carps in the river.

For example, with Lou Baiyue's current cultivation level, he could set up his own sect and develop it into a second or third-rate immortal sect. If all the immortal sects paid taxes, it would be unimaginable. However, the execution of this matter would not be so smooth.

"Your Majesty, I agree with Fang Lin's suggestion."

At this moment, Duke Xi Chou of Mei Country reported, "I guard the East Barren and have dealings with many Celestial Dao Sects. Countless Celestial Dao Sects have no laws at all. Wherever they see treasures, they snatch them. Wherever they see outstanding talents, they kidnap them. There are several large mines near the East Barren that produce precious stones and metals. They were originally the Imperial Court's territory, but they have been exploited by those sects over the years. In the long run, won't all the resources in the world be taken by them?" "Your Majesty, this is no small matter." Someone raised a different opinion.

"Oh, Earl San, speak." Heaven Talisman Great Emperor looked down.

The one who raised a different opinion was also an important official of the court. Although he wasn't as famous as the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises, he was still famous.

Gu Chensha looked over and saw that the Third River Earl was a middle-aged man. His temples were white, and he had a scholarly air about him. For this person to be conferred the title of Earl, he must have made great contributions and was definitely not an ordinary person. It was very difficult to obtain a title in the court. Without true ability, one couldn't obtain it.

Gu Chensha knew that this person was from the Heng Clan. In his early years, he was a down-and-out scholar. However, with the support of the Heng Clan, he actually seized the opportunity of Heaven Talisman Great Emperor's change of dynasty and made great contributions. He even married a woman from the Heng Clan as his wife.

"Your Majesty, although there's a calamity now, it's not difficult to provide disaster relief. The court can definitely do it. There's no need to mobilize the immortal sects."

Earl San said, "It's not that I don't agree with the immortal sects. It's just that this matter needs to be discussed at length. At least wait until the court conquers the Desolate Barren. If the court forces the immortal sects too much, I'm afraid it'll backfire. " "I also think that Earl San's words make sense." "These are the words of an experienced strategist." Many other officials nodded in agreement.

"Nineteen, Moon Worship."

Heaven Talisman Great Emperor looked at the various factions below him without batting an eyelid. He waited for them to finish before looking at Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue. "Previously, I assigned the two of you to be in charge of contacting the immortal sects. How is it going?"

"I've already asked the Mystical Sky Dances Mystical Gate and Myriad Treasures Mystical Gate to set up branches in their fiefdoms. Now, there are some small achievements. However, your son's cultivation is low and I haven't done much. I hope Imperial Father will punish me." Gu Chensha hurriedly said.

"Regarding the immortal sects, I have a memorial to report."

Lou Baiyue, however, was very confident. "This time, the black qi devoured the sun, the heavens and earth shook, and the demon star descended. According to historical records, this is an unprecedented calamity. This crisis doesn't only affect the court, but also the immortal sects. I believe that the immortal sects must also show some sincerity and work together with the court.

I feel that the court should first send out a declaration of war and send people to inform the immortal sects to send experts to gather with the court.

If they are unwilling to even put in effort in the face of such a calamity, it will be a sign of their ambition and the court will not be stingy in punishing them.

Also, during the reign of the ancient Emperor, the immortal sects would send congratulatory gifts to the court every three years. Now that the emperor has been on the throne for fifteen years, it is already a crime of disrespect that the immortal sects have not sent a single congratulatory gift.

At this time, the court must urge the immortal sects to do three things. First, provide disaster relief, second, pay taxes, and third, exterminate the barbarians. Moreover, they must do it quickly without delay. "

"That's also my opinion." Heaven Talisman Great Emperor didn't express his opinion. "Nineteen, how is the recruitment of the Treasured Jade Country going?"

"Your son has made the necessary preparations and will be heading to Treasured Jade Country in a few days."

Gu Chensha had actually prepared for this. Although he was busy with cultivation these few months, Cold Jade Dew and Long Yuyun were doing their best to plan for this matter. "In addition, your son has already contacted the Sea Roc Island. We are also preparing to submit to the court. At that time, the Dragon Sword Island, Sea Roc Island, and Treasured Jade Island will work together to expand overseas."