Chapter 178
===========

The Fourth wasn't being modest. He truly didn't have any peerless geniuses under his command.

Not to mention the Fourth, even among the ancient seventy-two sects, peerless geniuses were as rare as phoenix feathers and qilin horns.

"The Fourth, Old Nineteen, we will prepare for the next three days."

Lou Baiyue was decisive. "Gather all the people you can summon. Three days later, the three of us will head to the burial grounds again. We must take the Buzhou Palace. This time, I've been in seclusion for three months and comprehended many things. I have some confidence that we can snatch food from the tiger's mouth. Even if we can't take the Buzhou Palace, we must obtain the Heavenly Cycle Apparatus." "Once we take the Buzhou Palace, our Bureau of Calmness will have an absolute treasure.

Unfortunately, the Saintly Dragon Celestial Soldiers won't be able to act during these three days. Otherwise, it would be even more foolproof. "The Fourth felt that it was a pity.

"Then there's no other way. I'm afraid we can't wait for the next thirty-six days. If the Buzhou Palace falls into the hands of the barbarians, things will be troublesome," Lou Baiyue said.

"The barbarians and the Nest of Myriad Dragons shouldn't be scheming."

Gu Chensha coldly snorted. "I've already spread the news. I'm afraid the people of the seventy-two sects already know about it. The situation is like a plate of loose sand. Only by muddying the waters will we be able to fish in troubled waters."

"In that case, let's disperse and make our own preparations." Lou Baiyue flew away first. She wanted to gather reliable people to fill the Bureau of Calmness. Gu Chensha also flew back to his fiefdom. The Fourth naturally disappeared. A single stone raised a thousand ripples.

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor reprimanded the Crown Prince Gu Hengsha, established the Bureau of Calmness, put the Nineteenth, Fourth, and Lou Baiyue in important positions, and rewarded the Seventh and Third Princes. A series of events happened very quickly, and many people were watching the changes in the world.

Over the next two to three days, although the disaster was severe, with the deployment of the Heavenly Designer Institute and the mobilization of various local officials, everything proceeded in an orderly manner. There wasn't a single rebellion in the country, and the people's hearts weren't shaken.

At this rate, it wouldn't take more than a few months for the world to return to peace and prosperity.

Prince Heng's fief was grand and majestic. The castle was divided into nine layers, and it was the Nine Heavens Qi Gathering Formation. This formation was very profound, and it borrowed the power of the Nine Heavens to break through the dimension, causing the spiritual energy to be very dense. It was much stronger than many Spirit Gathering Formations.

As the First Prince, Prince Heng had the backing of a Sage family. Naturally, the castle he built would not be ordinary.

But now, there were dark clouds floating above the fief, and they seemed to be in the same bad mood as their master. Patter! A jade artifact was smashed to pieces.

Gu Hengsha's face contorted as he roared, "Why? Why? I've made great contributions all these years, but you don't give me any face at all. You scolded me in front of everyone. Do you think I'll be able to live in the future? No one in the imperial court will listen to me anymore. "

While he was throwing a tantrum, there was a group of people kneeling on the ground. At the very front was his heir, Gu Tanjian, and a few of his sons and daughters. Behind them were his concubines and servants.

"Father, you don't have to be so angry."

Gu Tanjian tried to persuade him. "Actually, everything started because of that Gu Chensha. If he hadn't complained in front of Imperial Grandfather, Father wouldn't have been scolded like this. Gu Chensha alone isn't enough. Lou Baiyue is definitely behind this. " "I'm going to kill that little bastard." Gu Hengsha's tone was extremely ferocious.

"Father, you have plenty of opportunities to kill him. There's no need to be impatient."

Gu Tanjian's expression was also very cold. "I feel that we can discuss this matter with the Heng Clan. Perhaps Imperial Grandfather scolded Father this time not because of Father, but because he was pointing at the mulberry tree and scolding the locust tree?"

"Oh?" Gu Hengsha returned to normal. "Are you saying that His Majesty is dissatisfied with the Heng Clan?

I don't know what has bewitched the Heng Clan these days, but they are indeed a bit abnormal. Heng Budong is actually involved with the Nest of 10,000 Dragons. Could it be that His Majesty knows about such a secret? " "That's not a secret."

Gu Tanjian laughed sinisterly. "Father, there are already some secret channels for this matter. It's said that Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha went to the Burial Ground and encountered Heng Budong, Yuan Shasheng, and Li Wangsheng. They had a huge battle." "What? There's such a thing?

Where did you hear this information? "Gu Hengsha suddenly realized that he had underestimated this son of his.

"I have spies in the Heng Clan, and I've already made arrangements." Gu Tanjian's expression was calm. "It's just that Father has been cultivating hard these past three months and hasn't reported it."

"Good. That's my good son," Gu Hengsha said. "In the future, you'll definitely become someone great." Gu Hengsha was very happy. "I didn't put the Giant Spirit God Ring on you in vain." "It's my duty to share Father's worries."

Gu Tanjian said, "Father, the only thing you can do now is to bear with it and let me do a series of things.

Although Grandpa Imperial Calmness has given us many things, it's still a troublesome yamen. It's impossible to rely on those three to fight against the entire immortal dao. " "This is all within His Majesty's calculations."

Gu Hengsha frowned. "Father definitely didn't establish the Calmness Celestial Agency to make a fool of itself. It's to accomplish great things. If Father wants to scheme, anything can be accomplished."

At this time, a voice came from outside. "The Heavenly Talisman Emperor can't even protect himself now. Otherwise, he would have stopped the calamity long ago. Why would he destroy the mountains and rivers?" "Since Uncle Modong is here, why don't you come in?" Gu Tanjian didn't seem surprised at all. There was another person in the room. Who else could it be but Heng Budong?

He was still wearing his bronze mask, but his eyes were exposed. He glared at Gu Tanjian. "I didn't expect that you would dare to plant spies in my Heng Clan." "Hahaha, didn't the Heng Clan plant spies by my father's side?"

Gu Tanjian wasn't afraid in the slightest. He rose to his feet and laughed loudly. "Uncle Modong, go ahead and investigate. If you can find anything, I'll be convinced."

"Brat, you're so arrogant." Heng Budong suddenly flicked his finger, and a blood-colored beam shot toward Gu Tanjian like a hook.

"Brother Modong, you mustn't hurt my son." Gu Hengsha's expression changed dramatically. Crackle!

The beam of blood-colored light was repelled by an invisible force when it reached Gu Tanjian. Gu Tanjian didn't move an inch. He just sneered.

"Hmm?"

Heng Budong took two steps back and looked around. "This isn't your power. Which expert is behind you?" "Expert?"

"That's right, there's someone behind me. With that person's strength, I'm afraid that unless the Heng family's Saint comes back to life, he won't be able to do anything to me. Uncle Budong, don't act rashly. Tell me why you're here today. Father was reprimanded in front of all the civil and military officials today, and it's all because of the Heng family. No matter what, the Heng family should compensate us."

"Gu Hengsha, you have a good son." Heng Budong sat down. "Alright, there's no need for us to be at loggerheads.

In the end, we're still family. I'm here to tell you that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor can no longer control the situation. I'm afraid it won't be long before he faces a calamity! " "Do you think I'll believe you?" Gu Hengsha said.

"It's up to you whether you believe me or not."

Heng Budong waved his hand. "He's defying the heavens, and the heavens should've sent a calamity down long ago. But he managed to suppress it. How can the heavens be suppressed by a human?

Think about it. He has to suppress the Heavenly Dao, the legion of gods, and the horde of demons. Now, he has to suppress the Immortal Dao. No matter how high his cultivation base is, there has to be a limit. "

"You're saying that the calamity this time is a sign that His Majesty can't suppress it? In that case, I have to prepare a backup plan?" Gu Hengsha mused.

"Our Heng Clan has already prepared a backup plan. Moreover, we can reap great benefits after the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's death."

Heng Budong looked very pleased. "Do you want to absorb the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's cultivation when he dies?" "That's just wishful thinking."

Gu Hengsha looked around. "If word of this spreads, your clan will be exterminated immediately. The Heng Clan will also be reduced to dust by the imperial court." "The imperial court?"

Heng Budong couldn't hide his laughter. "The imperial court is about to collapse. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor knows that he doesn't have much time left, so he arranged for Lou Baiyue and the others, whom he trusts, to create the Department of Calming Immortals." "What backup plans did the Heng Clan have?" Gu Hengsha asked.

"The immortal dao and the Black Heaven Earth Gate have been in contact for a long time," Heng Budong said.

"Not long ago, three true Heavenly Venerables hiding in some corner of the universe returned. They are the teachers of countless ancient emperors and the true immortal dao. They are the Primordial Heavenly Venerables, Heavenly Venerables Putuo, and Heavenly Venerables Victorious.

These three Heavenly Venerables have already summoned the sect leaders of the seventy-two sects to take charge. Even Li Wanlong is too scared to come out. " "Is this true?"

Gu Hengsha shuddered when he heard these three titles. "These three Heavenly Venerables are only mentioned in the most ancient records. Rumor has it that they've existed since before the world was created. They're practically the incarnations of the Primordial World." "How could the three old geezers not come out in the face of such a huge phenomenon?

But that's too far away from us. You just have to remember that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor will die. "

Heng Budong said, "I came here this time to ask for your help. But I'll forget about it now. It seems that I'm more attracted to your son." "Is that so?" Gu Tanjian didn't care. "Are you thinking of seizing the Buzhou Palace?"

"You actually know everything. Who's behind you?" Heng Budong found that he couldn't see through this junior.

"This is the second time you've asked this question."

Gu Tanjian said, "You won't get anything out of me. You won't be able to find out anything. The more you know, the less chance you have of surviving." "Then come with me to the Land of Buried Bones."

Heng Budong stood up. "I don't care who's behind you. You're like a mantis trying to stop a chariot in the face of such great power. The Heng Clan's Saint has already shown himself. The Heng Clan has been planning for ten years. We're watching your every move."