Chapter 807
===========

One Second to Remember 09, providing you with exciting reading. Chapter 805 The Emperor Of Heaven Is Not You

"Congratulations, Your Highness, on obtaining the Endless Seven Treasures. The Divine Land Gourd already has the characteristics of the Primitive Dragon Gate, the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, and the Primordial Mist Tree. In time, Your Highness will become the strongest.

However, Burning All Worlds' escape is still a hidden danger. Now that he has joined forces with the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, he will become one of our greatest enemies. "

When Zhuge Ya saw that Gu Chensha had returned to the Department of Tranquil Immortals, he understood everything.

"The harvest this time is great. We obtained seven Endless Treasures. The Divine Land Gourd's power is great, and apart from that, we have control over the hundreds of billions of people of the Burning Dynasty.

In time, our Department of Tranquil Immortals will obtain ten times the sacrificial power. "Gu Chensha had long since calculated.

"Your Highness's plan is not bad. You can summon clouds and rain with a flip of your hand." Zhuge Ya praised. "What is Your Highness's next plan?"

"Naturally, I want to rescue Chang Weiyang. Because of various concerns, I wanted to kill The Great Spirit God first, but I didn't succeed. Then, because Burning All Worlds disrupted the universe and wanted to attack the Divine Central Plains, I had to deal with him. Now, everything is ready. Spread the Human Dragon Fist, and the nation will prosper day by day. I no longer have any worries, so I can focus on rescuing Weiyang." Gu Chensha calculated carefully. "I already know Weiyang's whereabouts.

The three Heavenly Venerables, the Dharma Saint, Patriarch Heaven, and Immortal Lord Wan Senshi are restraining each other and refining the Endless Heart together, so they can't worry too much. This is my chance. However, even if the three Heavenly Venerables join forces, they are no match for me. " Gu Chensha's words were naturally domineering.

Indeed, the three Heavenly Venerables had schemed for a long time before they reached an agreement with the Primordial Mist Tree. They could borrow the Primordial Mist Tree's power, but in reality, they were just parasites. As for Gu Chensha, he could already make the Dragon Sect of the Primordial World retreat.

In front of Gu Chensha, the three Empyreans who had always been high and lofty and never suffered any losses were actually nothing at all. This was because Gu Chensha's vision and cultivation had already increased by a great deal.

"Dou Yi Yu." Gu Chensha said a name and drew a picture. Suddenly, a picture appeared in the air.

A woman was like a feather in the sky, rising and falling continuously, drifting about without a home, casually moving about in the void's depths. This was the Empyrean Realm.

That woman was none other than Dou Yiyu. Floating above her head was a gourd, the Immortal-Slaying God-Punishing Gourd.

This bottle gourd was a treasure condensed from the Hong Meng Tree that could not be replicated. Apart from that, it also contained a kind of killing intent condensed from the heavens and earth.

This gourd's baleful aura was much heavier than Xing Qiongshi's, which was why it was able to kill Xing Qiongshi back then. This treasure was on the same level as the Boundless Treasure, which was evident from this.

Right now, Dou Yiyu was condensing this gourd. It was unknown where it was, but it wasn't in the Hong Meng Tree.

Gu Chensha knew that the dao Dou Yiyu comprehended was to casually drift about. This feather in the sky had no home and no home. This kind of intent was like flowing water and white clouds. It was also a kind of dao essence.

However, even the three Empyreans were nothing in Gu Chensha's eyes, let alone Dou Yiyu. A few years ago, he felt that Dou Yiyu was unfathomable. But now, he could capture her with a flick of his finger. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha left the little Hong Meng Tree and once again arrived in the endless chaotic flow of space-time. In an instant, thousands of twists and turns passed through billions of space-time. After passing through layers of obstructions, he finally arrived at a pure and bright space-time node.

This space-time node was extremely mysterious and strange. It seemed to be a pure land in the chaotic flow of space-time.

This space-time node was constantly changing, as if it had already formed a world. It was like the Dragon Gate of Desolation, constantly jumping and changing in the depths of the chaotic flow of space-time. Every blink of an eye, its position would change thousands of times. Even a Heavenly Longevity Realm expert might not be able to find it.

Unfortunately, Gu Chensha's current cultivation far surpassed the Heavenly Longevity Realm. Moreover, he could lock onto the position of the Burning World. Before he obtained the Infinite Seven Treasures, he could already completely lock onto the position of the Burning World. Now that he had obtained the Infinite Seven Treasures, his power had increased by who knew how many times.

Moreover, no matter how strong Dou Yiyu was, there was still a big gap between him and the Burning World. Not only that, even one of the three Empyreans couldn't compare to the Burning World.

In Gu Chensha's opinion, the Burning World was only below him and Gu Chensha in terms of strength and quality. It was an ancient antique that surpassed everything.

Unfortunately, this person was too arrogant and didn't understand the principle of all living beings being united. That was why he had suffered such a crushing defeat. After this defeat, the Burning World might become even more terrifying. Gu Chensha wouldn't underestimate this person because of this.

In this bright space-time node, Dou Yiyu and the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd worked together to condense their cultivation base. However, Gu Chensha took a step forward and arrived in front of Dou Yiyu.

"Miss Yiyu, you sure are carefree. You actually found such a blessed land in the turbulent flow of space-time. This space-time node is the essence of the turbulent flow of space-time. After a long time of being tempered and baptized by the cosmic tide, it finally turned into crystals of time. When the crystals gathered together, they formed this node. Being able to find such a treasure land is equivalent to finding gold in a grain of sand. "

Gu Chensha admired the surrounding scenery. He saw that the crystals were filled with clouds and crystal mists formed by the pure essence of time. There were even some time dragons in the crystal mists.

"In the end, you still found me."

Dou Yiyu didn't look surprised. He seemed to have been waiting for this. "No matter how I hide, I probably can't escape your pursuit. I also didn't expect you to grow so quickly. In just a few short years, even the three Heavenly Venerables can't do anything to you."

"Why don't you hide in the Primordial Tree? That way, I'll probably need some time to find you. It'll be very difficult to break through the Primordial Tree's restrictions." Gu Chensha asked.

"Actually, it's not very useful."

Dou Yiyu said, "You barged into the Primordial Dragon Gate and even chased away Old Man Primordial and The Great Spirit God. Even if the Primordial Tree is stronger than the Primordial Dragon Gate, it has its limits. I'm far weaker than The Great Spirit God and Old Man Primordial. If I resist stubbornly, I'll definitely be captured by you and become like North Star, stripped of all my cultivation base." "Indeed, a wise man submits to circumstances."

Gu Chensha looked at the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd. "Since that's the case, hand over the gourd.

Then follow me and join the Calming Immortal Agency. Make up for your mistakes and I won't make things difficult for you. " "Aren't you here to save Chang Weiyang?" Dou Yiyu laughed lightly. He wasn't afraid of Gu Chensha at all. "Why are you coveting my treasure?"

"Chang Weiyang and you both broke through to the Heavenly Lord Realm. Then, you were suppressed and heavily injured. You refined all of her essence, qi, and soul into this gourd as nourishment. Even the Demon Gods of the Nine Skies and Ten Lands can't recover her. Unfortunately, she met me. Even if she dies, I can completely revive her."

Gu Chensha placed his hands behind his back. "Hand it over. Don't let me do it. If I do, you'll probably suffer." "Speaking of which, even a fish on the chopping board has to struggle, much less me. Immortal Slaying God Punishing God Punishing Gourd, come out. "Dou Yiyu's voice rang out.

At this moment, the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd suddenly emitted a black aura. This black aura contained an unparalleled killing intent. Gradually, it condensed into a person. It was a man, young and handsome, who seemed capable of cutting through anything and everything.

His eyes were empty and emotionless as he looked at Gu Chensha. "My name is Immortal Slaying. I've awakened, and the Emperor Of Heaven is about to come out. As the vanguard, I'm the Emperor Of Heaven's tool to kill immortals and gods who don't obey orders. After I awaken, the Emperor Of Heaven's coming out won't be long." "Did you hear that?"

Dou Yiyu rose to his feet. "The Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd contains immense karma. It's not as simple as it seems, and it's far from mature. However, as the Great Tribulation approaches, it's awakening. I've put in a lot of effort to awaken it, and in the end, I realized that in the Great Tribulation, the true Emperor Of Heaven will come out and bring order out of chaos. In the chaos, a true hero will appear. This hero will carry out the will of the heavens and ascend to the Emperor Of Heaven's throne. This gourd is the instrument of punishment used by the Emperor Of Heaven to slay immortals and gods. I know you're currently collecting boundless treasures in an attempt to ascend to the Emperor Of Heaven's throne. Unfortunately, I've already comprehended it. You're Gu Taxian's son, and Gu Taxian is an Anomaly. His bloodline can't possibly ascend to the Emperor Of Heaven's throne. He's not the Emperor Of Heaven either. The true Emperor Of Heaven is still rising in the shadows among the common people.

You may be the brightest star in the Great Tribulation, but you're not the main character. The main character is someone else, the person who will ascend to the Emperor Of Heaven's throne. All the foreshadowing, the Desolate Age, the Middle Age, the Era of the Son of Heaven, and even now, are just foreshadowing, a prelude to the birth of the Emperor Of Heaven. The birth of the Emperor Of Heaven is a major event.

You have to acquire immense amounts of good karma to be able to enjoy the boundless, limitless position. Gu Trampling the Immortals, as well as his accomplices, are the greatest of all tribulations. Whoever can get rid of all of you will be able to enjoy the boundless, limitless position, and become the Emperor of Heaven. Thirty-six years after the Heavenly Talisman, the Era of the Emperor Of Heaven will come. "

Gu Chensha didn't stop Dou Yiyu from talking. Instead, he quietly considered the matter. "I never would have guessed that you would reach this level of enlightenment. I've really underestimated you. Not even the Great Spirit God could fully comprehend this, but you did.

That's right, the future will be the era of the Emperor Of Heaven. Everything before this is just foreshadowing. There is no true master in heaven and earth. You could say that ever since the Big Bang of Primordial Chaos opened up heaven and earth, and the birth of countless universes and worlds, it has always been a time of chaos. Even the Son of Heaven is only the Son of Heaven of the Divine Central Continent. He cannot truly unify the countless universes and planes of existence.

The world is in chaos, and the heroes are at war. The chaos is coming to an end, and that is why the Emperor Of Heaven is about to come out to quell the chaos that has existed since ancient times.

"Unfortunately, the Emperor Of Heaven is not you. All of your efforts will be for naught," said Dou Yiyu. Mobile users, please visit M. Read for a better reading experience.