Chapter 916
===========

"Li Wanlong, you are a wise man."

The King of Earth laughed. Then, he turned his Yama Power into a rune and a power seed and injected it into Li Wanlong's body. Then, he patted the air and his Primordial Qi penetrated into Li Wanlong's body.

Li Wanlong's body shook. Suddenly, the Boundless Force flashed in his body and condensed into the shape of a Boundless World. As he breathed, the Boundless Heaven Origin Power gushed out.

"I reached the Heaven Origin realm …" He looked at his hands in disbelief. "This is the Heaven Origin realm. In the past, no one has been able to reach it. Even the strongest primordial beasts, the antiques that existed since the primordial chaos explosion, were only at the Heaven Longevity realm."

"That's right. Even in the future, the Emperor Of Heaven won't allow anyone to reach the Sky Origin State.

Besides the Nine Heavenly Kings, the Lord of Sun and Moon, there are also the Ten Kings of Hell and the Judges of Immortality.

Besides the Lords of the Demon Realm, the Monster Realm, the Divine Realm and the Immortal Realm, I will kill them all.

If it weren't for the change of the Way of Heaven, I wouldn't have been able to crack the secret of the Yama Power so quickly. But it took me a lot to raise you to the Sky Origin State. From now on, you will be one of the Kings of Hell and a senior member of the Underworld. From now on, no matter if it's the Monster Realm, the Immortal Realm, the Demon Realm, the Divine Realm or the Human Realm, they will all have to enter the Underworld after they die. The power they will have is unimaginable. "

The King of Earth said, "In the future, except for the Heavenly Court, all the creatures in the world will die and be controlled by the Underworld. Think about it. How much benefit will you get in eternity? "

"I will remember the King of Earth's words." Li Wanlong felt the power of the Sky Origin State. "In that case, I will give up the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons. I will let the Chaotic Demonic Ape take over and create the appearance of destruction. " "That's a good idea." Wu Dangkong said, "Let's not waste any time. Let's start the formation." With that, the group of people suddenly left the place. Not long after they left, the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons collapsed. Then, the Chaotic Demon God Ape appeared. He did not appear in the form of an ape, but in the form of a young man.

"Li Wanlong, Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons? You gave it to me just like that. "

A grim smile appeared on the face of the Chaotic Demonic God Ape, "Although I have turned to the Emperor Of Heaven, the Emperor Of Heaven doesn't seem to trust me. Now he is just using me. In the future, he will definitely kill me. And in the future, he will say that I will have a great adventure, resist the Heavenly Court, and then be suppressed by the Heavenly Court?" "Demon Lord, what should we do now?" Next to the Chaotic Demonic Ape, two gloomy men with strong Demonic Qi appeared. Of the two men, one was the Hell Serpent, and the other was the Sun Devouring Ba-Serpent.

They were also two evil gods. They were sealed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and rescued by the Heavenly King of Jin. After the Heavenly King of Jin was suppressed by Gu Chensha, they escaped and turned to the Emperor Of Heaven to establish the Demon Realm.

In addition to the Hell Serpent and the Sun Devouring Ba-Serpent, there were also several evil gods, including the Yin Wolf God, the Fierce Death Bone God, and so on. They had now turned to the Chaotic Demonic Ape.

"According to the original plan, I will gather all the demons and establish the Demon Realm. The Emperor Of Heaven has given me the authority. "

As he spoke, a sphere appeared in the hand of the Demonic Ape of Chaos. The sphere was full of Demonic Qi and had tremendous power. Inside it were layers of space-time. If it were to spread out, it would probably be a combination of many Vast Thousand Worlds. "This is the Demon Realm that the Heaven Emperor bestowed upon me. But this Demon Realm hasn't fully expanded yet. I need to gather trillions of Demonic Tribe members to worship together and fill it with the power of worship. Only then will this Demon Realm be completely condensed and expanded into a place where the Demonic Tribe lives. It will allow our Demon Race to truly have a place to settle down. "

"But the seed of the Demon Realm was given to us by the Emperor Of Heaven. Is there something wrong with it? We demons have always been bound by the Emperor Of Heaven. We are inferior to him. "The Hell Serpent and the Sun Devouring Ba-Serpent said.

"Of course I have my plans. Times have changed, and some things that are destined to change in the future." The Chaotic Demonic Ape's gaze grew distant.

"Times have indeed changed. In the future, the Emperor Of Heaven will not be able to sit still in the Heavenly Court." "Zhuge Ya, it's you!" The Chaotic Demonic Ape looked at the newcomer. It was none other than Zhuge Ya, the Lord of Seven Stars.

"The Emperor Of Heaven will never be a match for Gu Chensha. That's why he's acting like a cowardly turtle, stirring up trouble and letting you take the lead. It's obvious he's at a disadvantage."

Zhuge Ya said, "You're a genius, Ape God of Chaos. I can't believe you discovered the true meaning of the Human Transformation Scripture. You can turn a demon into a human, and turn their demonic nature into human nature. It's a marvelous technique. My Lord Gu Chensha created the Dragonless Cultivation Method, and he used your ideas as a reference. I think you should join us. I can guarantee that you won't face any calamities or tribulations in the future. You should know that even if you join the Emperor Of Heaven, you won't be able to escape the fate of being suppressed. But if you join us, things will be different."

"Zhuge Ya, you're starting to fan the flames?" A person suddenly appeared next to the Chaotic Demonic Ape. It was none other than God Mahākāśyapa.

God Mahākāśyapa was once the King of Myriad Gods, the King of Hell. His status was extremely precious. Furthermore, he had great destiny and great destiny. He was the future Lord of the Devil Realm.

The Chaotic Demonic Ape was the Lord of the Demon Realm, while God Mahākāśyapa was the Lord of the Devil Realm.

"God Mahākāśyapa, you're quite carefree. Do you want to establish the Devil Realm now?"

Zhuge Ya looked at God Mahākāśyapa and saw that God Mahākāśyapa had also entered the Heaven Origin realm. However, both of them were at the beginning of the Heaven Origin realm. If one were to use numbers to estimate their strength, they would only have one yuan of power.

True experts in the Heaven Origin realm, such as Long Xiangtian, had tens or even hundreds of yuan of power. In other words, they had the power of tens or hundreds of worlds.

Although the sun and moon represented a Great Thousand World, they were the pinnacle of a Great Thousand World. They were equivalent to the combination of hundreds of Great Thousand Worlds or even more. Long Xiangtian hadn't fully grasped how to use them. If he could fully grasp them, coupled with his own origin energy, he would be able to wield the power of over a thousand Great Thousand Worlds.

Thinking about it, the blazing sun illuminating the Heaven Realm, the entire Heaven Realm was bathed in light. How much power was that?

"That's right. We must establish the Devil Realm. In the future, the Heaven Realm will collapse into many floating continents and worlds. Our Devil Realm will collect the wreckage of the Heaven Realm, and the Demon Realm will also do the same.

In the future, the Heavenly Court will belong to the Heavenly Court, and the Underworld will belong to the Underworld. The Heaven Realm will no longer exist. From then on, it will become many worlds, and the Human Realm will gradually form. "

God Mahākāśyapa said: "If it belongs to you, you will definitely not allow the Devil Realm to exist. This goes against my philosophy. Your Dragonless Dao emphasizes the harmony of the world, the unity of the world, and the unity of all living beings." Hearing what God Mahākāśyapa said, Zhuge Ya frowned.

Because he knew that God Mahākāśyapa's philosophy was not in line with the Dragonless Dao. God Mahākāśyapa wholeheartedly wanted to establish the Devil Realm. This kind of person was the worst. If it was purely for benefits, then it would be easier to deal with. He believed in the Emperor Heaven's philosophy and didn't agree with the Dragonless Dao. Clearly, Chaotic Demon Ape was also such a person.

"Since that's the case, we are enemies.

Your strength is not enough. "Zhuge Ya's body swayed and suddenly disappeared. This was just one of his incarnations.

"This person is not far from death." God Mahākāśyapa said to Chaotic Demon Ape.

"He's very strong. We're all in the Heaven Primal realm, but we're still in the early stages. Each of us only has one nascent power. But after analyzing this person's power, I found that he's actually above us. I don't know how he cultivated it." God Mahākāśyapa's expression was unsightly.

"That's easy to explain. By following Gu Chensha, Zhuge Ya will gain a lot of advantages. Think about it, Gu Chensha has millions of citizens in the Divine Prefecture and the Four Desolaces. Many of those citizens and powerful existences still believe in his Dragonless Heart Sutra. Over time, he'll naturally produce sacrificial energy that we can't compare to. Not to mention that Gu Chensha can extract true immortal essence from that sacrificial energy. With that immortal essence, Zhuge Ya's cultivation speed will reach a terrifying level. But that's where he'll stop. He has a predestined enemy, the true Lord of Seven Stars. The Lord of Seven Stars will retract all of his energy and kill him because he's betrayed the Lord of Seven Stars' destiny." God Maha saw everything clearly.

"Let's continue doing what we're doing. Emperor Heaven gave us the Demon World Seed and the Devil World Seed. We need to gather the power of demons and carry out several sacrificial ceremonies. Then we need to dig out all the continents from the Heaven Realm. That's the only way for the Demon World and the Devil World to condense." God Mahākāśyapa looked at the ground beneath his feet.

With his Heaven Primal gaze, he could naturally see that the Heaven Realm, which had been unmoving since ancient times, was now showing signs of collapsing.

"Rise!"

He exhaled, and demonic energy filled the air, covering everything within hundreds of millions of miles.

He used his power to dig out this land, leaving behind only a vacuum. After digging it out, he sent it into the Demon World Seed. At this time, the Demon World Seed was filled with vitality.