Chapter 584
===========

Gu Chensha had directly threatened to throw the Tenth Prince, Gu Zhensha, out of the imperial court. This was a blatant humiliation. But no one thought that what he said was false.

To the leaders of the Calming Celestial Agency, Lou Baiyue held the title of "Regal Presence" and was the person in charge. Adding on the fact that he was in charge of the Common People's Wish Academy, he had the reputation of being a saint.

The fourth son, Gu Huasha, was in charge of activities in the imperial court, contacting officials, and helping those in danger. Among the officials of every rank in the imperial court, he was the true "Crown Prince" and the future Emperor. Zhuge Ya, on the other hand, had the image of a peerless sage.

Even if he didn't appear, with his title as the Lord of Seven Stars, he would be able to threaten others.

As for Jin Suibo, he was the Celestial Path's vanguard. In many people's eyes, he was the one who sent the wealth of the Celestial Path into the Imperial Court.

On the other hand, Gu Chensha's image was that of a ferocious and peerless fighter who could kill gods and slay immortals. He was a true god of war that belonged to the imperial court. Many officials and enemies only felt nervous when they heard his name and didn't dare to make any small movements.

Since he entered the world, he had killed the four demons, the Black Demon Bat, Yin Yang Scholar, Poisonous Dragon Daoist, and the Blood Soul Sect Leader. He had also destroyed the Barbarian Race's temple. Then, he had used his Dao Realm Six Transformation cultivation to kill the Fourteenth Transformation Lightning Beast King. That was already shocking enough.

Later on, Gu Chensha's name truly shook the world when he killed Scarlet Cloud Sect's Xiao Yan, Wang Ji, crippled Jing Fanxing, and forced Gu Huo back. This was equivalent to directly offending Scarlet Cloud Sect and Black Heaven Earth Sect.

Of course, in the eyes of some old antiques, this wasn't much. What really made Gu Chensha afraid was that he had wreaked havoc on Small Sumeru Mountain. Under the attacks of the Ape race's three God Realm ancestors, the Thousand Transformation Stone Ape, Yin Yang Ghost Ape, and Diamond Fighting Ape, he had stolen the Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Painting and killed the Ape race leader and the ten Battle Kings. This was the event that truly made Gu Chensha a terrifying existence.

As for the many major things that Gu Chensha did after that, they were all done in secret, and not many people knew about them. He even infiltrated all the Law Realms and instigated the Wu Clan to fall apart. Even the Legalism Faction and the Wu Clan themselves did not know who was the one who did this.

However, everyone knew in their hearts that Gu Chensha was the blade of the Celestial Tranquility Department. When it came to killing people, he would definitely not hesitate.

In the past, the Tenth Prince, Gu Zhensha, was also known as the most bad-tempered among the princes. However, compared to the current Gu Chensha, he was like a child.

After hearing Gu Chensha's words, Gu Zhensha wanted to roar with all his might and turn the tables on the Imperial Court. However, there was a pressure that prevented him from saying anything, and his face turned red.

"Hmph!" At that moment, a middle-aged man appeared behind Gu Zhensha and stood in front of him. Kacha Kacha! A formless pressure crashed onto his body. He waved his sleeves, and this force was shattered. Gu Chensha had used a trace of mental pressure just now.

"Oh? So, it's one of the Lei Clan's Patriarchs, Thunder Extreme Origin. "

Gu Chensha had long since obtained intelligence on which Deity rank experts the various aristocratic families had. The Lei Clan had a lot of Deity rank experts — a total of ten, one more than the Wu Clan. This Thunder Extreme Origin in front of him was one of the Lei Clan's ten Patriarchs.

He actually disguised himself as a guard and followed behind Gu Zhensha. It was clear that the Lei Clan was also very interested in the Imperial Court's struggle. Moreover, the Lei Clan was also very wary of the Celestial Tranquility Department.

"You recognize me, your Patriarch?"

The middle-aged man glared at Gu Chensha. It was as if he wanted to give Gu Chensha the same kind of pressure. Unfortunately, when the pressure reached Gu Chensha's body, it was absorbed cleanly. This made Lei Ji Yuanshen a little apprehensive.

Gu Chensha swallowed the Primordial Dragon Gate Talisman and along with his Dao Realm 24 Transformation Future Peering Realm, he was far from a Deity Realm expert. However, with his Heaven Path Technique cultivation and his own abilities, even if he didn't use the Common People's Wish Ball, it was still impossible for a Deity Realm expert to kill him.

If he used the Wanxiang Shattering Stick, normal World Creation God Realm experts might not be able to do anything to him. They might even be injured by him.

Of course, if he relied on his own strength, it would be really tough to kill a Deity Realm expert. If he used the Common People's Wish Ball, it would be totally different. Even an Emperor would be sucked away in one move.

The power of a Minor Thousand World was equivalent to a thousand Minor Dust Worlds. It was definitely not ordinary.

Now, the Common People's Wish Ball was about to become a medium-sized world. That was equivalent to 1,000 small-sized worlds. How could a Deity Realm expert compare to that?

"Each and every move of the aristocratic families is under our control. Thunder Extreme Origin, you aren't an official of the Imperial Court, so why did you come here today?"

Gu Chensha's attitude was really firm today. His original intention was to work with Lou Baiyue and the Fourth to completely suppress Wu Dangkong and Gu Xuansha. He didn't want to be entangled here.

Only by quickly unifying the Imperial Court could they focus their strength and fight the Demon Disaster.

Otherwise, if this continued, the world would be torn apart. Those aristocratic families would add fuel to the fire and cause trouble in an instant.

"Does the Imperial Court really think that you are invincible?"

Wu Dangkong said, "Senior Thunder Extreme Origin is a guest elder I invited. He works in the Sun and Moon Division. Your Imperial Court actually dares to say that you want to abolish the Sun and Moon Division. Who gave you the right to do so? It would be better to hold a court meeting today. I propose that we abolish the Imperial Court. " "That's right, abolish the Imperial Court," Thunder Extreme Origin said.

"In recent years, the Imperial Court has gone against the grain and destroyed order, causing even the weaklings to challenge the authority of the aristocratic families. The aristocratic families of the world have no one to rely on. If this continues, the country will no longer be a country. This is what it means to sweep the floor and destroy etiquette.

On behalf of the Thunder Family, I have come to the Sun and Moon Division as a guest elder to propose that we abolish the Imperial Court. Governors and officials, what do you think? " Unexpectedly, the Thunder Family was the first to jump out before the Legalists did.

"The Imperial Court was personally appointed by the Emperor, and its status is transcendent. Aside from the Emperor, no one can propose to abolish it.

Furthermore, over the years, eighty percent of the Imperial Court's finances have come from the Imperial Court. The Imperial Court's contributions to the world have long since surpassed all other organizations. "

Marquis Dashi slowly said, "Extreme Thunder Essence, you're just a country bumpkin. How dare you talk about politics here?"

Marquis Dashi's tone was calm, but his words were harsh. He directly called Thunder Extreme Origin a mountain man.

"You!"

As a God-rank expert, Thunder Extreme Origin was high and mighty. No one had ever scolded him like this before. Instead of getting angry, he laughed. "Hahahaha … I, Thunder Extreme Origin, have lived for two thousand years and seen the Divine Prefecture's Imperial Court change dozens of times. Today is the first time I've been called a mountain man in a mortal court. Marquis Dashi, you and your Shi Family will be exterminated because of this!"

"How dare you!" Gu Chensha suddenly stepped forward, approaching Thunder Extreme Origin step by step.

An incomparable baleful aura emanated from his body. It was the baleful aura of the Immortal Slaying God Flying Knife. "Thunder Extreme Origin, you're a mere God-rank expert. How can you compare to the Minor Chiliocosms of dozens of Demon Races and countless Demon Saints and Demon Gods? What is your Thunder Family in front of the Demon Race?

Our Imperial Court can't even deal with the Demon Race's attacks, so how can we tolerate your Thunder Family's rampage?

I think Marquis Dashi is wrong. You're not a mountain man, but an idiot who can't even compare to a mountain man. How can the Imperial Court tolerate you behaving atrociously, threatening important officials, and speaking rudely? If we let you leave here alive today, where will the dignity of the Imperial Court be? How can our Imperial Court still be called Imperial Court? "

Gu Chensha had made up his mind. Today, he would establish his might. Whoever dared to stop him, he would kill them.

Thunder Extreme Origin looked at Gu Chensha's incoming momentum and sensed his baleful aura. He was shocked. "The Immortal Slaying God Flying Knife!" "Hold it!"

At this time, a young man with white hair stepped forward from behind Third Prince Guvasha. A small bow appeared in his hand, and there were two arrows on it. They spun as they aimed at Gu Chensha. The bow and the arrows represented the character for Buddha.

These were the supreme divine weapons of the Fan Family, the sect-defining treasures, the Release Bow and the Everlasting Impermanence Arrow. The Fan Family was a descendant of the Buddhist Sect, but it was actually a branch.

It wasn't orthodox and belonged to the Hinayana Sect, not the Mahayana Sect. However, the Release Bow and the Everlasting Impermanence Arrow were taken from the Hongmeng Tree by the supreme Buddha. These two treasures also came from the Buddhist Sect.

"Fan Family's Fan Bai."

Gu Chensha looked at the bow and smiled in disdain. "You are the top expert out of the Fan Family's eight God Realm experts and also the true Family Head. Why do you want the Fan Family to be dragged into the Imperial Court's battle? Have you joined the Sun Moon Department? "

"Of course, I am the guest elder of the Sun Moon Department. In the future, it will replace the Calm Celestial Department."

Fan Bai was the true Old Ancestor of the Fan Family. The Fan Family had eight God Realm experts and many God Artifacts. They also had a small world grotto-heaven. Ancestor Fan was at Saint Realm and Fan Bai's cultivation had reached the Dao Realm 32 Transformation, One Thought Connecting to Heaven. He was just a step away from becoming a Saint.

The bow in his hand was the original and not a fake. It was definitely a Xiantian treasure, the source of Buddha. He had stopped Gu Chensha from killing the Extreme Thunder Source.

"It seems like the aristocratic families are finally working together?"

Lou Baiyue said. "Those of you from the aristocratic families, come out. I want to see if you're really going to work together to disrupt the imperial court." "This isn't disrupting the imperial court."

An old man appeared next to Wu Dangkong. He was one of the Wu Family's God Realm experts, Wu Pogong. He exchanged glances with the Extreme Thunder Source and Fan Bai. "The aristocratic families are working together under the mandate of the heavens to abolish the Calm Celestial Department!" "Mandate of the heavens?" The Fourth said. "What mandate?"