Chapter 105
===========

Gu Chensha placed down the book. The Great Dragon Armor wriggled and wrapped around his body. He then totally hid himself and merged with the air.

During the refining process, the Great Dragon Armor changed according to his will and it was really mysterious.

The Demon Descending Blade became even more translucent and when he waved it casually, a bright light would shoot out from it. Its slicing power was shocking and even experts at Dao Realm Transformation Three were like tofu in front of it. During these few days of cultivation, he had used up all the Sky Dew.

There were thousands of thick books in the Sun Moon Altar space. Gu Chensha carried them with him and read them when he had nothing to do. During these few days, he gained a lot of knowledge regarding how the ancient emperors worshipped the heavens. He knew even more about the Sun Moon Altar. Scoff!

The Crown Prince, Gu Hengsha, stood up and waved his hand. All the people locked up in the prison fainted. He just left this place.

The moment he left, Gu Chensha came out but he didn't save them. Instead, he walked to the evil god's flesh and blood. The moment he came out, the black energy wrapped around the Great Dragon Armor. The spiritual energy in the Great Dragon Armor started to dissipate and it gave off a withering smell.

"So amazing. Unfortunately, Evil God flesh and blood, you met me. I can't do anything to you but in my eyes, you are a treasure. "

He waved the Demon Descending Blade in his hand and the jade chains were broken, allowing the evil god's flesh and blood to fly away. The moment the flesh and blood flew up, he grabbed it.

The moment he grabbed the Evil God's flesh and blood, his body felt like it was filled with endless evil intent. His soul was on the verge of collapsing, and he was on the verge of dying.

"Evil God's will is so strong!"

In the blink of an eye, Gu Chensha's soul was stolen by the will of the flesh and blood, and he became the bearer of the will of the Evil God. He was no longer a walking corpse, but an evil spirit. However, he was prepared for this. He used the Sun-Moon Refinement, the Sun-Moon Transformation, the Sun-Moon Annihilation, and the will of the Sun-Moon Dragon regained its clarity. In other words, this was just a split second to buy him some time. He tossed the evil god's flesh and blood into the altar space and then he himself entered.

The Evil God's flesh and blood wanted to fly into the sky and burrow into the ground, but once it entered the space of the Sun Moon Altar, it was shone by the light of the altar. Instantly, it let out a shrill scream of terror.

"Your subject Gu Chensha offers the flesh and blood of the Evil God as a sacrifice to the heavens …" Gu Chensha lit up the grass. Buzz … The light on the Sun Moon Altar grew brighter.

The thick light wrapped around the Evil God's flesh and blood. With a slight roll, the nearly invincible Evil God's flesh and blood melted in the depths of the light. Then, a heavy downpour fell on the altar like a waterfall. This was not heavy rain, but heavenly dew.

"My God …" Gu Chensha was stunned at first, then ecstatic.

He killed evil people and sacrificed their blood and souls to the heavens to obtain the Heavenly Dew.

The last time he killed the Shadow Priest, he had obtained three thousand drops of Heavenly Dew. However, he had exhausted all of them recently. He didn't expect that sacrificing the Evil God's flesh and blood would give him so much.

The Evil God's flesh and blood wasn't just a ball of blood; it also contained the Evil God's will. If he let it escape, who knew how many living beings would die?

Gu Chensha saw the Heavenly Dew land on the altar. It quickly filled up and overflowed. It seemed like there were at least a few buckets of it. What did a few buckets mean? In the past, he used drops to calculate the Heavenly Dew, but now he was using pokes.

"The Heavenly Dew won't be lost in the altar space. I will go out right away and save Long Yuyun's family."

Gu Chensha wasn't affected by the Heavenly Dew. He walked out of the Sun Moon Altar. The demon slayer slashed open the cage and pulled the five of them into the Sun Moon Altar. The five of them fainted but they weren't afraid of exposing the secret.

When he wanted to save more people, he suddenly felt a sense of danger. He knew that Crown Prince Gu Hengsha was probably back.

"What a pity. I could have saved more people. Sigh …" He sighed and immediately fled in another direction. The Great Dragon Armor was extremely fast. Soon, he was out of the underground palace.

As expected, he saw Crown Prince Gu Hengsha rushing out of the underground palace. If he had been half a step slower, it wouldn't have been so easy for him to escape.

Seeing Crown Prince Gu Hengsha rushing into the underground palace, Gu Chensha didn't hesitate anymore. He activated the Great Dragon Armor and soared into the sky, fleeing for his life. He didn't care how furious the Crown Prince would be after losing the Evil God's flesh and blood. None of this had anything to do with him. He had already achieved his goal and weakened the Crown Prince's strength.

If the Crown Prince had refined the Evil God's flesh and blood, his cultivation would have skyrocketed. At that time, he wouldn't have been able to complete his mission to recruit the Precious Jade Nation.

After sacrificing the Evil God's flesh and blood and obtaining a few buckets of Heavenly Dew, he wouldn't be lacking in spiritual herbs for cultivation. The Demon Slayer Blade, Great Dragon Armor, and even the Black Tortoise egg would grow. This could also be considered as interest for taking back the Ring of The Great Spirit God.

After flying for an unknown period of time, the Great Dragon Armor's spiritual energy consumption had decreased. He wasn't stingy, so he used another spirit crystal and continued flying madly.

After flying for a day and a half, he saw a vast wilderness. After locating his castle, he immediately descended and went to his study.

In the study, he moved the five unconscious people out of the Sun Moon Altar's space and collected the Heavenly Dew. Sure enough, there were three buckets! Altogether, there were at least 100,000 drops.

"A drop of Spirit Nectar is worth several thousand to ten thousand on the market. Heavenly Dew is worth more than a hundred times that of Spirit Nectar. How much money did I earn this time?"

Gu Chensha was overjoyed, but he didn't express it. He was a taciturn person. Of course, he could buy Spirit Nectar on the market, but he couldn't buy Heavenly Dew. It wasn't easy to estimate the value of Heavenly Dew, so he wouldn't sell it.

Moreover, he discovered that using Heavenly Dew to upgrade his weapons and armor was very foolish and wasteful. It was best to consume Heavenly Dew himself to increase the density of the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood. Using the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood to activate the Sun and Moon Talismans was the best way to cultivate transcendent artifacts.

"There's demonic qi in these five people's bodies. However, I need to inform Long Yuyun to come over first."

Gu Chensha took out the Cycle Box and used a golden brush to write on it, asking Long Yuyun to come over. However, he didn't mention anything about rescuing her relatives, because such a thing would be discovered by the Celestial Designer Institution. Whoosh!

Not long after the message was sent, Long Yuyun actually activated the Dragonbone Sword and flew in through the window. When she landed in the room, she saw the five people lying on the ground. Overjoyed, she immediately rushed over, only to discover that the five people were unconscious. She immediately stared at Gu Chensha with wide eyes.

"They've been invaded by the First Prince's demonic qi."

Gu Chensha said, "However, Heavenly Dew can dispel all evil, so there's no need to panic. I've already rescued them, but there are still some things I need to explain." "Your Royal Highness, please speak."

Long Yuyun had actually managed to calm down, displaying a formidable level of self-control. Seeing that, Gu Chensha realized that this woman's mental fortitude was extraordinary. It was no wonder she could escape from the First Prince's clutches time and time again.

"This time, I rescued your parents and younger siblings, enraging the First Prince. However, we still don't know who did it. This matter cannot be leaked. Thus, your relatives must not show themselves in the future."

Gu Chensha said, "We cannot let the First Prince find out about this. Otherwise, he will use everything he has to attack me.

Although I am quite capable now, going head-on against him will be akin to smashing an egg against a rock. " "I know."

Long Yuyun said, "This matter is no small matter. I will make the necessary arrangements. However, my younger brother is a genius. With just a bit of training, Your Royal Highness, he will be able to become a capable assistant." "If he is a talent, I will nurture him." Gu Chensha nodded.

Suddenly, Long Yuyun knelt down. "I, Long Yuyun, swear a great oath to the Sea God and the Dragon God. From now on, I swear to be loyal to Gu Chensha with my life. I will never betray him. If I go against this oath, may the heavens punish me, and may the earth destroy me."

Gu Chensha didn't stop her. After she finished her oath, he helped her up. "Actually, the oath or not, it's all in your heart. I don't want the Dragon Sword Island to completely submit to me. I just want everyone to treat each other with sincerity and not have any selfish motives." "Your Royal Highness, can you wake them up?" Long Yuyun asked.

"That's fine." Gu Chensha flicked his finger. Five drops of blood seeped out from his finger and fell into the mouths of the five people. The power of his blood to destroy evil was even stronger than the Heavenly Dew. The five people's bodies trembled, and they were about to wake up.

"Bring them down and reunite with them. In the future, they will live in the secret chamber of the castle and don't show their faces in public." Gu Chensha quickly said.

"Yes."

Long Yuyun accepted the order. At this moment, she was completely Gu Chensha's woman. She was truly obedient, and her heart was filled with gratitude and joy.

After this matter was settled, Gu Chensha once again took out the Black Tortoise Egg and placed it on the formation core in the room. Immediately, the huge castle was filled with life again.

He was a godly thief, and he had learned his lesson. When he left, he placed all his valuables in the Sun Moon Altar and definitely not in the secret chamber of the castle.

However, when he was here, the Black Tortoise Egg was placed in the formation core, and it could resonate with the Black Tortoise Emerging from the Sea layout. Both sides had great benefits. The castle was filled with life, and everyone's strength increased greatly. The Black Tortoise Egg was also nourished by the layout, and it was more beneficial for it to hatch.

Every day, he would draw talismans to refine this egg. Gu Chensha communicated with the spirit of the Black Tortoise within. He had a feeling that this baby Black Tortoise was his own son. If he lost it, it wouldn't be as simple as losing a treasure. Shh …

Gu Chensha sat on the chair and let out a long sigh. His body was relaxed, and it was as if he had accomplished many things.

He had also stepped into the Dao Realm and obtained the three barrels of Heavenly Dew, as well as many pills and treasures. He had all the people he wanted, and he had all the money he wanted. His wings were slowly growing, and even the Princes who had the support of many aristocratic families might not be able to compare to him.

Although the Princes had the help of the aristocratic families, the aristocratic families were very complicated, and it was hard to settle their interests.

He relaxed for two hours and didn't think about anything. He just stared blankly and entered a state where he didn't think about anything.

When he came back to his senses, he felt like he had obtained a new life. The hard work of the past few days had come to an end, and all he needed to do was rest.