Chapter 389
===========

In the depths of time and space, there were many memory fragments of powerful experts. If certain conditions were met, or if it was by chance, one could obtain them.

For example, a person traveled to famous mountains and rivers and suddenly received guidance from a deity.

A general was taught martial arts by a deity in a night dream. After waking up and cultivating, he fought on the battlefield and was almost invincible. This kind of example was innumerable since ancient times, and it never stopped throughout history.

When Gu Chensha cultivated the Heavenly Demon Tree, he triggered some memory fragments left by the ancient sages of the Demon Clan in time and space.

Because the Heavenly Demon Tree was a smaller existence created by many sages of the Demon Clan after they comprehended the Hong Meng Tree, they were naturally very pleased with the birth of such a thing. Although these sages of the Demon Clan had become one with the Dao, which meant that they were dead, the memory fragments they left behind had the ability to automatically sense. This was the greatest benefit of Gu Chensha's cultivation of the Heavenly Demon Tree.

Countless memory fragments rushed in, and Gu Chensha passed these memory fragments to Lou Baiyue and Zhuge Ya with divine thoughts.

After they obtained this knowledge, they would definitely be able to obtain a huge amount of resources. After three days and three nights, the memory fragments were all received. Gu Chensha looked at Hong Wending and said, "Brother Wending, thank you for these months.

From now on, you are a member of the Calming Deities Department. As for the specific position, I still have to discuss it with Jin Suibo, and we will hold an internal meeting to decide. "

"I can wait. As long as I can clear my name and take revenge, it has been hundreds of years. Why would I care about a little more time?" Hong Wending expressed his understanding.

"Then, please continue to guard this altar, kill the demons, and sacrifice our People's Wish Sphere."

Lou Baiyue said, "This altar is very important. It is a contact point between us and the Demon Area. If it is destroyed, many things cannot be done." "I know." Hong Wending did not object.

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue looked at each other and nodded. After giving some instructions to Liu Yu and the other four people, they left the altar and went to the place where the seal was broken. They went to the bottomless Sea of Sin and then to the border. From there, they entered the sphere of the Common People's Wish. Originally, they could have teleported directly from the altar.

But at this moment, the energy in the Life's Wish sphere had been completely absorbed by the Heavenly Demon Tree, and it no longer had the ability to break through space and teleport.

In other words, the sphere was actually an empty shell. It would take a long time for it to gather its power again.

Fortunately, once the Heavenly Demon Tree formed, the inside of the sphere would be suppressed, and the speed at which it accumulated energy would be much faster than before.

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue entered the Common People's Wish sphere. There was nothing but yellow sand, no vitality, and no treasures. Even the 360 Common People's Generals were swallowed into the Heavenly Demon Tree.

This Heavenly Demon Tree seemed to have the characteristics of the Ancient Taotie, swallowing everything it saw.

"Although we have cultivated the Heavenly Demon Tree, the sapling of the Heavenly Demon Tree can only transform after swallowing all the upgrades and energy. Now, we are at our weakest.

The Life's Wish sphere can no longer tear through the void, "Lou Baiyue said with a smile." I don't know when this sphere can recover and upgrade. "

They surrounded the Heavenly Demon Tree sapling that was only the length of a finger and looked like a bean sprout.

The difference between the Heavenly Demon Tree sapling and the one that covered a radius of hundreds of miles and absorbed the power of the sun, moon, stars, and the Spiritual Realm was too great.

Gu Chensha sat down and carefully comprehended. He found that traces of fusion elemental energy were absorbed by the Heavenly Demon Tree sapling. At the same time, the inside of the sapling was decomposed and refined into various substances, energy, and vitality.

"We can't absorb or refine this fusion elemental energy. We have to reach the Creation Realm to be able to decompose fusion elemental energy and condense it into Dharma treasures," Zhuge Ya said. "But the Heavenly Demon Tree already has this ability."

Gu Chensha, Zhuge Ya, and Lou Baiyue couldn't absorb fusion elemental energy. Of course, they couldn't absorb it either. Even if the Heavenly Demon Tree absorbed it, it would be harmful for them to absorb it into their bodies. A mass of chaos was absorbed into their bodies and couldn't be digested or refined.

It was like how a hungry person couldn't eat soil directly. They had to plant rice and wheat, allowing these plants to absorb nutrients from the earth and refine the grains, which were then cooked and eaten.

As time passed, the Heavenly Demon Tree sapling absorbed enough fusion elemental energy and seemed to grow a little. The yellow sand on the ground also began to be infused with some kind of vitality, turning into a kind of purple immortal mud. However, this purple immortal mud was only the size of a palm and expanded very slowly. The immortal mud gradually solidified into immortal stones and crystals.

"If I just absorb it like this, how long will it take for the Heavenly Demon Tree to grow up? When will this sphere recover its vitality?" Gu Chensha sighed as he studied.

"At this speed, it will take about three to five thousand years."

Zhuge Ya said, "And this is the fastest speed. The Heavenly Demon Tree is too mysterious and powerful. It needs such a long time to truly mature. You should know that when the Heavenly Demon Tree matures, it will condense the twenty-eight Fey Gods of the constellations." "The twenty-eight Fey Gods of the constellations are indeed tyrannical."

Gu Chensha nodded. The moment the Heavenly Demon Tree leveled up, it had swallowed the remnants of Buzhou Palace and Dragon Gate. In fact, it had refined some of the dregs of the Common People's Wish sphere, making it even purer.

Now, the Heavenly Demon Tree was a Dharma treasure manufacturing factory. It was much more powerful than the original Buzhou Palace.

After all, Buzhou Palace was an acquired numinous treasure, refined by Son of Heaven Zhou. The Heavenly Demon Tree had absorbed the Central Wu Earth Great Virtue Flag and possessed the characteristics of a connate numinous treasure.

"When we were comprehending the Heavenly Demon Tree, many of the ancient demon sages left behind memory fragments. Communicating with each other will speed things up," Lou Baiyue said. At this time, the Fourth and Jin Suibo had also arrived inside the sphere. They had all felt the news of the Heavenly Demon Tree leveling up and rushed over.

Gu Chensha naturally imparted the memory fragments to them. Then, he cultivated with the Vermilion Bird and the Black Tortoise, gathering everyone's strength to comprehend these things. It was much easier than cultivating alone. Thus, everyone began to comprehend in the depths of the Common People's Wish sphere.

Another three months passed. Gu Chensha had completely digested these memory fragments. The Common People Heaven Mending Technique and the Common People Heaven Reforming Technique were like two giant wheels in his body. They were like millstones that crushed each other, making the Golden Core and flesh in his body even purer.

He still did not attempt to break through to the Dharma Power Realm. Instead, he comprehended the Laws of Dharma and slowly comprehended the Dharma King Ritual that he had gone through. He hoped that when he leveled up, the Dharma Power in his body would be similar to the King of Dharma Power. Only then would he be able to fight against Natural Born Sages. Now, his physical body and Golden Core had almost reached a limit. Moreover, he seemed to have deduced the Common People Heaven Mending Technique to a new realm.

The reason why he did not level up his Dharma Power was because the moment he reached the Dharma Power Realm, he needed to absorb large amounts of energy to transform. Now, the Common People's Wish sphere did not have enough Essence Qi. It could not even tear through the void.

The Heavenly Demon Tree's growth was also extremely slow. Although it was mysterious to absorb chaotic Essence Qi, it also needed time to accumulate.

Every day, the Common People's Wish absorbed large amounts of Immortal Qi, Spirit Qi, the power of the stars, and all sorts of other energies, helping the Heavenly Demon Tree to condense. But the Heavenly Demon Tree's growth was still slow.

In three months, it went from a bean sprout the length of a finger to a stalk of wheat. It looked pitifully weak. The soil around the Heavenly Demon Tree was a mixture of purple Immortal Mud and Immortal Crystals. It was still surrounded by rolling yellow sand, devoid of life.

Zhuge Ya and the others wanted to plant trees in the yellow sand and inject Spirit Qi, but it was of no use. As long as anything with life fell into the yellow sand, it would be snatched away by the Heavenly Demon Tree in an instant.

With the Heavenly Demon Tree in the Common People's Wish sphere, it seemed like it could not contain any life. It was blatantly tyrannical and plundering.

If not for the fact that the Heavenly Demon Tree itself was refined by Gu Chensha, it would have taken away everyone's Essence Qi.

"The Heavenly Demon Tree now is the true Dao of the Heavenly Demon."

Gu Chensha secretly rotated his body. His physical body was actually twisting and transforming. It wasn't as simple as just becoming bigger or smaller.

The moment the Heavenly Demon Tree advanced, he comprehended more of the mysteries of the physical body. He reforged his meridians and acupoints, giving him some of the characteristics and foundation of the Hongmeng Tree.

Although his current strength hadn't reached the 20th Dao Realm Transformation, his strength had already reached an unfathomable level. Even if he faced an expert like the Skull Black Demon Emperor alone, he might still be able to put up a fight. He even started to condense a second Golden Core.

The previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, had left behind secret magics for a second Gold Core, as well as a third, fourth, and even more Gold Cores. After condensing these Golden Cores, they would reside in their acupoints and store energy. That way, he would have enough energy to advance his Dharmic Power Realm.

Jiang Gongwang had developed many small techniques for each of the 36 Dao Realm Transformations. After learning these small techniques, he would be able to advance even more perfectly. Apart from that, he could even break through the restrictions of talent and break through one or two realms.

For example, those with top-grade talent could at most cultivate to the 8th Dao Realm Transformation.

But with some of Jiang Gongwang's small techniques, those with top-grade talent could even cultivate to the 13th Dao Realm Transformation.

Back then, the Seventh Prince, Gufasa, also had top-grade talent, but after using some treasures from the Legalism School, he actually broke through to the 9th Dao Realm Transformation. He wasn't able to ignite himself and cultivated the Glass Jade Body. Jiang Gongwang's small techniques were much better than those of the Legalism School.

For example, when he was at the 17th Dao Realm Transformation, after gathering Core Energy, he didn't condense it into a Golden Core. Instead, it spread throughout his body.