Chapter 943
===========

The Origin Emerges Chapter 940: The Origin Emerges Chapter 940: The Origin Source Appears

"Zhang Ziran, do you think I'm an idiot? Why would I go beg for forgiveness?

The Emperor Of Heaven is no longer stable. He's not as strong as Gu Chensha. You can see that the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha will be in a long struggle. It's the perfect time for us to fish in troubled waters. "

Long Xiangtian laughed heartily. "That's why you've been planning to find that enormous mutated origin and fuse it with your body. Then you'll be able to fight the Emperor Of Heaven, and the Emperor Of Heaven won't be able to do anything to you. Then you won't have to become cannon fodder for the Heavenly Court." "Don't talk nonsense, Long Xiangtian." Zhang Ziran frowned.

"We're not talking nonsense," Liu Chansha said.

"The Chaotic Demonic Ape God is the first sacrifice, followed by the Lord of the Divine World, the Lord of the Devil World, the Lord of the Immortal World, and even the Earthly Sovereign. Finally, you, the Lord of the Human World. You'll have to block the Heavenly Court's calamity, but you can't see the end of it yet.

At most, you'll only be able to see the tribulation of the Demonic Ape of Chaos, but I'll be able to see the tribulation of all of you. Instead of that, it's better to stir up the situation now. With Gu Chensha blocking the Celestial Sovereign, we can join forces and strengthen ourselves. I think the others, such as the Mighty Miracle God, God Maha, and the Lord of the Immortal World, Jiang Chuan, will agree. "

"The two of you sure have a glib tongue. However, the fact that you chose to run away in the face of danger shows that you're unreliable people. Why don't I capture you and kill you? I'll refine your corpses and fuse them into my body to improve my strength." Zhang Ziran did not believe Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha.

"Oh?

Zhang Ziran, do you really think that you have the ability to capture, kill, and refine us? "Long Xiangtian said.

"I am invincible in the Human Realm."

Zhang Ziran was still observing the two of them. He knew that the two of them were not in their true bodies right now. They were extremely cunning, so it was impossible for them to rashly send their true bodies to the human world. "However, I came here today to eradicate your countries and cut off your sacrificial offerings. As long as you can't steal the power of the sacrificial offerings from the human world, your Soaring Dragon Celestial Realm will slowly wither.

You don't have Gu Chensha's ability to produce eternal energy for those living beings to cultivate with. " "Wait."

Liu Chansha suddenly said: "Zhang Ziran, we know where the Mutated Origin has landed. In exchange, if you allow us to explore the Human Realm and obtain a small amount of Sacrificial Power, we will tell you where the Mutated Origin is." "Oh? Even I, the ruler of the Human Realm, don't know where the Mutated Origin is. How do you know? "

Zhang Ziran stopped. "Also, you don't just have a small amount of Sacrificial Power. That's trillions of human sacrifices. With each passing day, your Soaring Dragon Celestial Realm will expand."

"We found the Mutated Origin by chance. Don't forget, you're the ruler of the Human Realm, but you don't have the Mutated Origin. We are people who have obtained the Mutated Origin. From a certain point of view, we share the same origin as the Mutated Origin. It's only natural that we can sense it." Long Xiangtian said.

"Alright, enough with the nonsense." Zhang Ziran said, "Where is the Mutated Origin? Tell me, or you'll die. I don't have the patience to talk to you. " "How domineering."

Just then, a voice rang out from the sky and landed behind Long Xiangtian. It was another young man in green robes. This young man's aura was extremely strong, not any weaker than Long Xiangtian's.

"Who are you?" Zhang Ziran became vigilant.

"I forgot to introduce myself. My name is Ye Qingyi."

The green-clothed youth said, "I am the one who obtained the mutated source. Haven't you been searching for our whereabouts, Lord of the Human Realm?" "What a fortuitous encounter."

Zhang Ziran said, "Ever since the human world condensed into a physical form, the first thing that descended was an incomparably mutated Origin Source. Then, some scattered small mutated Origin Source also descended. I think you've obtained one of them.

Your Mutated Origin isn't small. It's two or three times the size of Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha's. It seems that other than you, there will be other people who obtained the Mutated Origin. "

"That's right, Master of the Human Realm. You can see it very clearly. Other than me, there are a few other brothers. However, they are all hidden in the dark. If you make a move today, we will set up a great killing formation and let you suffer the consequences of your actions." The person called Ye Qingyi said.

"It seems that you've also formed a force and will slowly invade my Human Realm?"

Zhang Ziran suddenly disappeared. He didn't want to waste time with Long Xiangtian and the others. His voice lingered, "If that's the case, I'll report this to the Emperor Of Heaven. Emperor Of Heaven will punish you. You'll regret it then." "This Zhang Ziran is very cunning."

Seeing that Zhang Ziran had left, Long Xiangtian heaved a sigh of relief, "Brother Ye, it's all thanks to you. Otherwise, our painstaking efforts would've been in vain." "That's right. We should unite. Otherwise, we'll be defeated one by one."

Ye Qingyi said, "Now that we've scared Zhang Ziran away, we can take the opportunity to expand our country. We'll subjugate the Sky Sovereigns, Sky Longevity Realm, and even the Sky Origin Realm experts in the Human Realm. We'll make them worship us. There's no time to lose. In addition, we'll use the power of worship to summon our other brothers. "

"We're all formed from the Mutated Origin. According to history, we don't exist. We belong to the Nihility Realm. In the future, we'll also face a great tribulation. That is when the Heavenly Axiom completely counterattacks. We'll all be in danger of disappearing. That's something we can't resist, so we must unite to fight against it."

Liu Chansha said, "So, Mr. Ye Qingyi, we should cooperate sincerely. We can't have any selfish motives. Otherwise, it'll be hard to survive the tribulation in the future."

"I've also sensed the power of the tribulation. The moment the Heavenly Axiom collapses, it will completely counterattack."

Ye Qingyi said, "But that Gu Chensha is also a Nihility Realm. In the future, there's no such person as Gu Chensha. Will he be able to survive the tribulation?"

"This person's realm has already reached an unimaginable level. Even the Heavenly Axiom can't do anything to him. I've also studied his Dragonless Mantra. He's the creator of a great civilization that has truly surpassed the Heavenly Axiom. Therefore, even if the Heavenly Axiom's counterattack before it collapses, it shouldn't be able to kill him. However, there's also an advantage. He's too heaven-defying and has long been targeted by the Heavenly Axiom. Ninety-nine percent of the counterattack before the Heavenly Axiom collapses will be aimed at him. He won't die from that attack, but he'll be heavily injured. If we can seize the opportunity, we can refine him and accept everything he has.

"That's true."

Long Xiangtian's eyes flashed with hatred and killing intent, "I want to skin this person alive, inch by inch, then suppress all the people around him and torture them forever. Otherwise, how can I vent the hatred in my heart?"

"For now, we still have to endure, because we're still no match for that Gu Chensha," Long Xiangtian said.

Liu Chansha said, "Xiangtian, we only stand a chance against this person if we obtain the largest mutated Origin Source." "I wonder if the largest Variation Origin has been obtained by someone," Ye Qingyi said.

"If someone obtains this Variation Origin and awakens, then we'll probably all be controlled by that person. That person might even rule over us. He'll think of a way to rob us of our Variation Origin. "

"Don't worry, this Variation Origin is too large. Even if a living being obtains it, it won't be able to control it. Therefore, even if that person appears, he won't be too strong. He won't have the strength to crush us."

Liu Chansha said, "Our strength is currently about the same. Neither of us can rob the other. We can only work together. If someone too strong appears, they'll want to rule over us. We definitely won't tolerate such a thing. We must work together to destroy them. "

"Fortunately, that Zhang Ziran held back just now. Otherwise, we might not be able to fight against him. After all, the Human Realm is his home field."

Ye Qingyi said, "Right now, there are only three of us. Saying that our other brothers are hiding in the dark is also a lie to him."

"Zhang Ziran doesn't dare to take the risk. If there are several of us working together, and if that huge Variation Origin appears, he definitely won't be a match. Right now, he's obediently exploring the Human Realm. His cultivation will advance extremely quickly. He doesn't want to take the risk. But right now, our every move is definitely under his surveillance. This person is definitely not simple, and he won't be easy to deal with."

Liu Chansha said, "Alright, now let's refine the power of sacrifice and turn it into the Immortal Call. We'll summon the other people who have Variation Origin. If they ally with us, we'll bring them into our camp. If they have other intentions, we'll kill them immediately and strip them of their Variation Origin." "That's for sure. We're all people who have obtained Variation Origin." Ye Qingyi said, "But this doesn't mean that everyone is of one mind. There must be pros and cons. There are also ambitious people. We need to identify them one by one. " "If only we could sense the location of that huge Variation Origin," Long Xiangtian said.

As the three of them spoke, they suddenly returned to the center of the country. It was a huge altar. They formed a triangular formation, each occupying a position of heaven, earth, and human. They activated some kind of formation.