Chapter 73
==========

Even at night, the market at the border was very big. There were shops everywhere, and they were brightly lit even at night. There were people coming and going, and there was an endless stream of carriages. One caravan after another transported goods, and there were also martial artists and armed escorts guarding the place. All kinds of restaurants and brothels were bustling with activity, and the atmosphere was different from that of the capital. It was livelier, livelier, and hotter. Alcohol, beauties, blood, wealth, and savagery were all gathered in the border market.

As he strolled, Gu Chensha felt unprecedentedly relaxed. He thought back to half a year ago, when he was hiding in a small room in the palace, enduring humiliation. In his dreams, he felt hopeless, but he still secretly read books and practiced martial arts. However, he gained very little.

Until he received the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, he first obtained the strength of a bear, wolf, and python. He cultivated the Emperor's God Bestowal Art and became a martial arts grandmaster. He was conferred the title of Duke, opened his own mansion, and started to make a name for himself in Xian Province. He killed the four demons, the barbarian marshals, obtained heavenly dew, recruited subordinates, and even the barbarian celestial emissaries.

But the more it was like this, the more he didn't dare to be presumptuous. He constantly reflected on himself to see if his virtue was worthy of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. Only the virtuous could own a divine artifact.

"These days, I haven't done anything bad. I've saved tens of thousands of people in a town, killed demons, killed barbarians, and collected the Spell Breaker Celestial Sword and the Heartless Seizing Talisman. But it was the Chen family that came to deal with me. I had no choice but to defend myself. Chen Jianfeng also let him go. Now that I think about it, I have a clear conscience. "

Gu Chensha had been studying since he was a child. He felt that the most important thing to do was to reflect on himself three times a day. Every time he did something, he had to reflect on himself to see if he had a clear conscience. This way, he would gradually develop a great virtue and become a great person.

He would carefully reflect on his own actions and reflect on whether they were right or wrong. If there were mistakes, he would correct them in the future.

Gradually, he became more confident. The blood in his body became lively, circulating around him. Warm and cool currents flowed, forming a cycle of Yin and Yang. The sun and the moon alternated, day and night.

"Master, it's not good for you to break through here.

If someone disturbs you, you will go berserk and never be able to advance again. "At this moment, a voice rang in his ears, waking him up. It was Yi Ming, interrupting his thoughts.

"Did I just break through?"

Gu Chensha came back to his senses. "I forgot myself. I was just having some enlightenment. I didn't expect my soul to be able to harmonize with my body, causing a vibration and causing a change in my body's magnetic pole. Thank you for reminding me. Otherwise, it would have been troublesome."

Breakthroughs were most afraid of being disturbed. There were many people in the market, and there were many hidden dragons and crouching tigers. If a disturbance occurred, it would be extremely troublesome.

"It's best not to break through in one go, but to do it step by step. Test it out slowly, and after many tests, you'll finally reach perfection.

Just like your Great Yongchō's Heavenly Designer Institute, they have to go through hundreds and thousands of experiments to develop new gadgets. Breaking through in one go is usually unstable, "Yi Ming pointed out again.

"So that's how it is. Ruling a large country is like cooking a small fish. Although cultivation requires one to be courageous and diligent, that's only during normal times.

And at the critical moment, we must use the patience of spring breeze and rain, the patience of dripping water that wears through stone, and the patience of tempered steel that coils around our fingers. "Gu Chensha immediately understood.

Advancing from the Mortal Realm to the Dao Realm was a hurdle for a Celestial Being to break through. One must not be rash. Lingering at this hurdle and repeatedly testing it would allow one to familiarize themselves with the feeling of the interaction between the soul and the Spiritual Qi Realm, which would be greatly beneficial to one's future cultivation.

"Master, your enlightenment has already established your Dao foundation."

Yi Ming praised, "Actually, there's still a barrier above the Mortal Realm. To break through the barrier, one must first establish their Dao foundation. The stronger the Dao foundation, the greater their achievements in the future.

From what I can see, Lou Baiyue's Dao foundation is the strongest. In fact, her cultivation base could have broken through to the Dao Realm five years ago, but she only broke through recently. That shows how deep her accumulation is. " "She could have broken through five years ago! Endured for so long? "

Gu Chensha was horrified, but when he thought about it, it was only natural. This should be the guidance of the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor, "Royal Father even imparted the Great Slaughter God Art to her, there should be many things he taught her in the dark. But to think that Royal Father actually wanted her to get closer to me.

"Master, someone has noticed us." Yi Ming suddenly looked into the distance.

In the distance, a convoy of carriages approached. There were dozens of them, and the one in the middle was very luxurious. It was actually carved out of ironwood. This wood was as hard as iron, and fragrant like orchids. Even a small piece of it was worth a lot. The wheels were wrapped in thick leather, so it didn't shake at all. The carriage was huge, and there were five horses in front of it.

There were many followers around, and each of them wore dark green armor. It didn't look like iron, but more like jade.

The dozens of carriages and their followers added up to close to 500 people. However, no one dared to do anything to them.

There were crooks and honest folk mixed in the border market. All sorts of large merchant groups came and went, killing and robbing people was a common occurrence. Although the Imperial Court was strict with such things, there were many people who were blinded by greed. Now that this convoy was so arrogant and fearless, either they were ignorant or they had absolute strength.

"There are Dao Realm experts in this convoy."

Yi Ming closed his eyes. "There seems to be more than one. The first carriage, the seventh, fifteenth, twenty-fourth, and thirty-sixth all have Dao Realm experts. The one in the middle is a girl. Her cultivation is really high, even higher than Lou Baiyue's. However, in terms of combat strength, she might not be as strong as Lou Baiyue." "How strong is Lou Baiyue's combat strength?

She is at Dao Realm Transformation Nine Bulls and Two Tigers, so can she beat a Transformation Three Copper Skin Iron Bone Expert? "

"The Grand Slaughter Divine Art is said to be the best in killing. In the past, our Heavenly Wolf God suffered a great loss from it. Even the Divine Kingdom he built was destroyed. In the end, it was God Maha who secretly made a move to block the attack of the Grand Slaughter Divine Art. This is the information revealed in the oracle.

Yi Ming recalled, "Of course, Lou Baiyue doesn't even have one ten-thousandth of its strength, but she can't be underestimated. At the very least, she can easily beat Transformation Three Experts. She can even fight Transformation Four Experts without being at a disadvantage." "The Great Massacre God Technique is a killing move, but how is it compared to my Sun Moon Kill?"

Gu Chensha made a comparison. The Sun Moon Kill allowed him to kill a Dao Realm Second Transformation old demon when he was a Mortal Realm Martial Ancestor. The difference was shocking. If he had the chance, he wanted to try out the power of the Great Massacre God Technique. Maybe he would have a new understanding of the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique.

Heaven Talisman Emperor definitely understood this technique, which was why he created it. When Son of Heaven Sealing God, he would slay gods.

"Speaking of which, which aristocratic family does this fleet belong to?

Six Dao Realm experts, only a 1,000-year-old aristocratic family can compare to such a lineup. "Gu Chensha asked," Yi Ming, you are really knowledgeable. Which family does this fleet belong to? "

"The style seems to be from overseas. Those warriors are wearing dark green armor, but it is Ink Jade Blood Jade. If they wear it for a long time, it will absorb the vital energy of the human body and make the jade more and more intelligent. At the same time, the essence of the jade will enter the human body and nourish the meridians." Yi Ming said, "If I am correct, this should be from Baoyu Country."

"Baoyu Country, that island country that specializes in producing jade. It is much bigger than Dragon Sword Island and is really strong. But recently, they have been forced by Boss's fleet and have to pay tributes every year."

Gu Chensha frowned, "Boss has forced the overseas countries to collect many treasures and talents. Although he gave them to the dynasty, most of them were for himself. His strength is getting stronger and stronger.

The people from Baoyu Country might have been forced to come to Yongchō to join other princes and walk the path of Long Yuyun.

This time, all the princes are gathering in Sky Bearing Pass. Who knows which prince they are contacting? "

The overseas countries were really rich and Dragon Sword Island was just one of the smaller ones. They only dared to call themselves an island and not a country. For Baoyu Country to dare to call themselves a country, they naturally had their strengths. The fleet entered a huge inn in the market.

Gu Chensha didn't care and continued to stroll around the streets to enjoy the customs of the border.

Just at that moment, a man hurried over. He came in front of Gu Chensha and cupped his fists, "19th Highness, my family's Little Miss invites you over." "Who is your Little Miss?" Gu Chensha asked.

"19th Master has already met her." The man was neither servile nor overbearing. He already knew Gu Chensha's identity.

"Lead the way." Gu Chensha didn't ask anymore. The man cupped his fists again and turned to leave.

The group entered the huge inn. The interior of the inn was very winding and quiet. It was very classic. There were fake mountains and gardens. It was obvious that it was carefully designed by a Fengshui master. There wasn't any clamor. It was obvious that it was only used to receive important guests.

"The Little Miss is in the inner building. I only hope that 19th Master can go alone." The man stopped in front of the inner building.

"The guest shall follow the host's wishes." Gu Chensha waved his hand, "Yiming, Liu Yu, wait here." "Yes, master." "Yes, Your Highness."

Gu Chensha pushed the door open and walked up the stairs. He felt that the atmosphere in the small building was extremely pure. It was like the earth had returned to spring. The soil was fragrant and full of vitality. The whole building was a Spirit Gathering Formation. Moreover, this formation was rather magical. It was even more effective than the average Spirit Gathering Formation.

He had seen the Spirit Gathering Formation in the Barbarian Temple before. However, it wasn't as powerful as the small building.

He went up to the second floor and saw a lady playing the Guqin. The sound of the Guqin was very soft and sounded like a sob. It was impossible to hear it from outside the small building. Five fingers plucked the strings of the Guqin. One could see a beautiful woman sitting on a reef on the sea.

"The bright moon rises from the sea. Even the ends of the earth share this moment. Lovers complain about the distant night. Unexpectedly, they yearn for each other."

The lady lowered her head and recited a poem, "This poem was composed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. He was a man of great talent and bold vision. Our Baoyu Country had long wanted to submit to him. However, treacherous officials were in power and bullied the kind. I wonder if 19th Master can report this to the Emperor and allow our Baoyu Country to become the Dayong Province.

"Miss, which princess of Baoyu Country are you?" Gu Chensha hurriedly cupped his fists.

"I'm ranked seventh, Cold Jade Dew." The lady raised her head. She was exquisite and delicate. She looked delicate and gentle. It was an indescribable feeling of love.

At this point, Gu Chensha had a deep impression of the three ladies. Lou Baiyue was strong and sharp. She showed off her abilities and had power in the court. She was a heroine. Long Yuyun was meticulous and calculated. She was good at scheming and one couldn't see through her.

This lady was weak and gentle. She was the daughter of a noble family. She hid in a brothel and only cared about herself.

But based on Yi Ming's detection and his own senses, this lady's cultivation was really high. She was probably at the third or even the fourth transformation.

"So, it's the Seventh Princess."

Gu Chensha bowed once more. He had received strict education in terms of etiquette since he was young. Recently, he had been practicing three things a day to train his temperament and cultivate his morals. He wanted to be worthy of a portion of the power of the Heaven Sacrifice Decree. "I have read many ancient books in Baoyu Country. Seventh Princess, you are like a jade statue and have a refined aura. It is a pleasure to meet you today. If you have any requests, as long as I am able to do it, I won't reject you. "

"I have also heard of His Highness's deeds. To be able to endure humiliation and soar to the sky, it can be said that when Heaven is about to bestow a great responsibility, it must first suffer his muscles and bones." The Seventh Princess stretched out her hand and a maid served tea. .....