Chapter 274
===========

Weng …

His Sea of Consciousness had transformed once again. The speed of calculation had increased several times. At this moment, if an expert used his mental power to enter his Sea of Consciousness, he or she would find that the speed of change in his Sea of Consciousness could crush everything and control everything.

Gu Chensha broke through right away and reached the twelfth transformation of Dao Realm, Soul Snatching.

In fact, in his sea of consciousness, his thoughts were circulating vigorously, giving birth to traces of Pure Yang flames.

This was the process of the soul changing from pure yin to pure yang. He was about to reach the thirteenth transformation of Dao Realm, Demon Swallowing and Ghost Devouring.

Only when pure yang flames were born in the depths of the soul would one be able to refine demons and swallow foreign souls.

Gu Chensha meditated for a bit, and in the depths of his sea of consciousness, thirty thousand copies of himself were born. Each of them was doing different things, constantly deducing their own martial arts, striving for perfection, nimble as they wished. It wasn't strenuous at all. This meant that he had reached the realm where he could do 30,000 things at once.

This was a terrifying realm. Even Golden Core Dao experts like Jing Fanxing and Gu Huo couldn't do 30,000 things at once.

This was caused by the sudden Heaven Dao God Light merging into his consciousness. It caused his consciousness to expand and his mental energy to become stronger. Pure yang flames were born in his soul.

Gu Chensha's cultivation went from the peak of the 11th transformation, Soul Tentacle, to the peak of the 12th transformation, Soul Stealing. He was just a bit away from the 13th transformation, Devil Swallowing and Ghost Devouring.

"What is going on?

Why did the Heaven Dao God Light descend on my body? "Gu Chensha didn't understand what was going on. He just felt that it was really weird.

However, he calmed down, "The Heaven Dao God Light is a sacrificial technique. By using 360,000 evil souls and Soul Subduing Grass, one can obtain the perfect Heaven Dao God Light. It will cause one's soul to expand and become extremely tough. It will also strengthen one's mental energy.

It's very likely that someone obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman and came to offer it, but that talisman was distorted by father's Man Conquers Heaven … "

This was a huge windfall. Gu Chensha was really happy. This meant that in the future, he would be able to get half of the people who obtained the decree.

His mental energy had increased tremendously, and his Primordial Spirit had been permeated by the Heavenly Dao Divine Light. His ability to calculate had increased tremendously, so he immediately knew what was going on.

He associated it with Zhuge Ya's prediction and immediately knew that Wu Dangkong might have obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman.

"If that's the case, then I have a plan. I'll be in the dark, and Wu Dangkong will be in the light. There's a lot we can use. "

Gu Chensha's cultivation had increased by a realm, and his mental energy had also increased by several times. Under the use of his strong mental energy, his Xiantian Earth Energy was compressed and purified, and the Common People Heaven Mending Technique rose by another level.

The dragon gate in his body rotated, swallowing and spitting. Many of the secrets of Bu Zhou Palace were revealed again. A strong mind power was the foundation of everything. Brute force, strength, and divine power.

When one reached the highest realm, everything would be the power of God. In other words, one's mental energy would be the master. The stronger one's mental energy was, the more spiritual energy they could absorb and compress. They would also be able to use their innate Gang Qi more flexibly. They would even be able to transform their flesh and blood. In the end, all cultivators would be using the power of God. Whoever had the strongest mental energy and Nascent Divinity would emerge victorious.

Gu Chensha's Sun-Moon Annihilation had reached an even higher level thanks to the increase in his mental energy. With a flick of his finger, his Xiantian Earth Energy transformed into a dragon, a star chart, and the light of the sun and moon burrowed deep into the earth. He branded a diagram that absorbed the light of the sun and moon.

In order to help Zhuge Ya condense the seven stars and become the true Lord of Seven Stars, he and Lou Baiyue, the Fourth, had to make ample preparations.

Originally, Gu Chensha hadn't been very confident. But now that the Heaven-Dao Godlight had suddenly descended and helped him rise by an entire realm, his strength increased dramatically. At the same time, he realized that he was most likely connected to the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman.

If he could help Zhuge Ya become the Lord of Seven Stars, then the Celestial Calmness Bureau would have another Natural Saint. With just a bit more time, they would definitely be able to subjugate all the second and third-rate immortal sects and form an enormous power.

As his cultivation increased, the intelligence and cultivation of the 360 Divine Heaven Mending Generals in the depths of the Dragon Gate also increased.

Ever since these Divine Heaven Mending Generals had merged with the Azure Dragon Divine Wood, they had surpassed human geniuses of the same level.

"It looks like I'll be able to break through again soon."

Gu Chensha's eyes flashed. "If I can cultivate to the Fourteenth Transformation of the Dao Realm, my Yuan Spirit will be able to transform my mental energy into Nascent Divinity Power. When the time comes, I'll be able to use my Yuan Spirit to activate the Buzhou Palace. Only then will I be able to unleash the true power of the Divine Heaven Mending Generals."

Right now, he wasn't creating more Divine Heaven Mending Generals. Instead, he was focusing on upgrading them.

360 Divine Heaven Mending Generals was enough for him to create more of them. Creating more would increase their power, but in the future, upgrading would require even more resources and mental energy.

It was better to cultivate the 360 Divine Heaven Mending Generals to a higher level. That way, they would be able to create their own Divine Heaven Mending Generals. Peng!

In that instant, a Heaven Mending Divine General in the depths of the Dragon Gate absorbed enough energy and underwent another transformation. His body swelled up to double in size, and astral energy surged within his body. A vertical eye actually appeared in the depths of his forehead, and then a weapon appeared in his hand. This weapon was a three-pointed, double-edged blade.

This blade was formed from the Divine Heaven Mending Generals' Heaven Mending Spirit Energy. It was most suitable for the Divine Heaven Mending Generals' martial arts and movement techniques.

Gu Chensha sensed the changes in the Divine Heaven Mending Generals and nodded his head. As the Divine Heaven Mending Generals evolved, his strength would increase once more.

Just as Gu Chensha was preparing, within the palace, Wu Dangkong was studying the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman once more.

Although her cultivation was high, she had never used this talisman before. She could only rely on the ancient records and wasn't sure what was so amazing about this talisman. Sou!

After using the Emperor God Sealing Technique for a while, Wu Dangkong cultivated the Sun and Moon Refining and Sun and Moon Transformation. She was only limited to these two moves because she didn't have any Emperor Energy.

"Unfortunately, I wasn't able to become the true Emperor. If I became the Emperor and held power, then I would be the true Emperor. All the luck in the world would be mine."

A cold smile appeared on Wu Dangkong's face, "It is best if the Heaven Talisman Emperor doesn't come out and dies. Then, along with my cultivation and strength, I will become the true Emperor. All the luck in the world will be gathered on me and I will be able to exceed any ancient Emperor.

The current world is thousands of times stronger than any dynasty in the past. Naturally, the Emperor Energy is also thousands of times thicker. " She kept the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman. The restrictions in the palace were all removed.

Outside the palace, a few girls were left to guard. All of them were experts, some at Dao Realm Transformation Seven and even some at Dao Realm Transformation Nine.

"Little Miss, you are out." A maid knelt down and said.

"What has the Calm Celestial Division done recently?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"We heard that Gu Chensha is searching for the person who reincarnated from Xing Chen in Lang State but he hasn't found anything. We have contacted the Sima Family in Lang State and hope that they can help but they don't seem to care. They rejected us and even rejected Gu Tanjian." The maid said, "Should we use some methods?" "No need, the strong dragon can't suppress the local snake."

Wu Dangkong said, "The local snake in Lang State is the Sima Family. They have an old ancestor who cultivated to the Great Dao Golden Core 100 years ago. They do have some luck." "What is the Great Dao Golden Core?"

The maid said in disdain, "If the Sima Family doesn't listen, then we will wipe them out. We will pull out that Great Dao Golden Core Old Ancestor and refine him. We will snatch the Golden Core to refine into treasures." "For now, we can't. Those who submit will prosper, and those who oppose will perish."

Wu Dangkong waved his hand. "We still need to wait and be patient. Your cultivation is not very high, and you cannot compare to the geniuses of the Calm Celestial Division. The Calm Celestial Division has already become a force to be reckoned with. With every day that passes, their strength increases. It is truly terrifying. How is Gu Tanjian doing? " "Gu Tanjian has already won over most of the princes," the maid said.

"The princes have all become geniuses after obtaining his Dragon Raising Pills. Their cultivation has increased greatly, and their ambitions have grown as well. They have formed a sizable force." "How is our cooperation?" Wu Dangkong asked again.

"Our cooperation is still very close, but it is also because our strength has increased. In this half a year, the Little Miss has given us many rare ancient pills," the maid said.

"Even Gu Tanjian finds it strange, but the princes have their own agendas. We cannot trust them all." "We need to borrow their hands to find the whereabouts of the reincarnated Xing Chen."

Wu Dangkong frowned. "Ever since the reincarnated Martial Song Star appeared in our Wu Province, we were not able to seize it in our territory. Instead, it was Chang Weiyang who obtained it. Later on, there were no reincarnated Xing Chen in this world. How strange. "

"I heard from Gu Tanjian's people that after Chang Weiyang obtained the reincarnated Martial Song Star's manservant, the three Heavenly Venerables sent decrees to her to hand it over, but she ignored them. This matter caused quite a commotion, but it is rumored that she even made a move. Chang Weiyang's cultivation is extremely terrifying. She is almost at the True Sage Realm!" The maid did her best to share some information.

"Back then, Chang Yuzhou left the Black Cosmos Gate in anger because the three Heavenly Venerables were unfair to him. He founded a new sect. Now, Chang Yuzhou's whereabouts are unknown. His daughter controls the Black Cosmos Gate, which is also a difficult bone to chew."

Wu Dangkong waved his hand. "These are the highest matters of the Black Cosmos Gate, and we cannot pay attention to them.

Calming Xian Department is the top priority. Last time, they dared to imprison the Stars, which made me lose a lot of face. Only now has it calmed down. During this period of time, I did not dare to make any big moves, lest I was caught and made a fuss. Now that the situation has stabilized, it is time to launch another plan to deal with Calming Xian Department. " "How to deal with it, please tell me," the maid said.

"Go and inform Gu Tanjian's people. I want to discuss with him again," Wu Dangkong said.