Chapter 688
===========

"The Dharma Saint wants to kill me." Longevity God communicated with Gu Chensha again.

This time, he has obtained great benefits, but he also has to bear great risks. If the Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong are prepared, when the North Star Planet descends, he will suffer devastating damage.

In fact, he knew that the Warlock Saint and Wudang Kong were prepared to use him as a sacrifice. The moment the North Star Continent descended, they would use him as a sacrifice to activate the mysterious power of the Heavenly Dao. This would definitely be able to severely injure the North Star Continent and completely suppress it.

Therefore, when the Dharma Saint piled up many treasures into his Minor Chiliocosm, he became more and more worried.

"Indeed."

Gu Chensha said: "In any case, there is a great possibility that you will be sacrificed, refined, or completely become the Dharma Saint's subordinate. There will be no chance for you to rise again. In order to condense the aura of the Sun Moon Lord in your Minor Chiliocosm, the Dharma Saint has paid a great price. There is no reason for him to let you succeed."

"Even the Black Heaven Earth Gate can't collect all these treasures, but the Dharma Saint has so many."

Longevity God saw that inside his Mini Chiliocosm, the Lord of the Sun and Moon's human form was becoming more and more tyrannical, emitting mysterious waves. It was as if he had become the Lord of the Mini Chiliocosm and was repelling Longevity God. "The Warlock Saint is seizing control of his Mini Chiliocosm.

"This is a small matter. I can hide my aura when I fight with Xing Qiongshi. Compared to Xing Qiongshi, the Dharma Saint is still a bit weaker. Although there is Wu Dangkong's Heaven Sacrifice Decree, I also have half of its power. This decree can't do anything to me."

Gu Chensha said: "My cultivation has just advanced to the 29 Transformations of Chaos Realm, and I have gained some enlightenment.

I can guess and resist the Dharma Saint's thoughts. When the time comes, I can devour this disguised Sun Moon Lord and use it to advance to the God Realm.

You don't have to worry about anything. What you have to do now is to fully cooperate with the Warlock Sage and improve your cultivation level. It's best if you can improve another realm and reach the Great Desolate Realm of the 35 Changes of the Microscopic Dust. At that time, you can use the power of the Microscopic Dust to evolve the power of the universe. The higher your cultivation level, the smoother our plan will be.

"This time, we are going to carry out a big plan. You will obtain the position of True God and combine the three fates of fortune, fortune, and longevity into one. Then, with the help of the Heavenly Demon Tree and the Dharma Saint, you will create a Minor Chiliocosm. This is just a part of our plan.

"Our ultimate goal is to suppress the North Star Empire and make the Dharma Saint suffer great losses. At the same time, we will convert the scourge Jing Qiu and take over the Holy Sama Empire. In the desert, we will establish our Great Yongchō and the Celestial Tranquility Department's own civilization. Otherwise, it will always be a hidden danger. Jing Qiu's empire in the desert is nothing now, but his management is very strong. In the future, it will definitely pose a serious threat to the Divine Central Continent. We have to eliminate it now and nip it in the bud." "If things don't go well, can we escape now?" Longevity God asked.

"Of course. I've already planned our retreat. We can advance and retreat as we wish. You've already obtained enough benefits. Even if we leave now, we will still have profited greatly. However, riches and honor come from danger. We must pursue perfection in everything. Only then can we be absolutely safe in the future calamity.

"I estimate that if I suppress the North Star Empire this time, I can borrow its power to activate the origin power of the five elements in the dimensional realm. Not only will the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise save thousands of years of bitter cultivation, but the five elements will also be perfected. I can severely injure the Xing Qiong Clan and directly destroy Wan Senshi's new divine continent, rescue Yuhuan Lu, and wipe away the humiliation of the Celestial Tranquility Department."

Gu Chensha's plan was closely linked. If this plan succeeded, not only would it greatly increase the Celestial Tranquility Department's strength, but it would also cause the Dharma Saint to suffer disastrous losses. This way, he could delay the Dharma Saint's plan and even affect the Heavenly Demon Race and the entire Demon Domain's plan to attack. This would give the world several years of respite, maybe even dozens of years.

If the world was at peace for several decades and only faced the Demon Race without any large-scale wars, then many of the heavyweights of the Celestial Tranquility Department would be able to advance to the Deity Rank. Talents would emerge in an endless stream and their explosive power would be tremendous. There was no need for a lot. Even if it was thirty years later, sixty years after the Heavenly Talisman Realm, Gu Chensha could confidently say that even if it was the Demon Race, he could lead the common people of the world to flatten them, creating a situation where there were no demons in the world. The Celestial Tranquility Department had only been established for a short period of time.

Fortunately, with Gu Chensha's management, the number of Deity Rank experts in the Celestial Tranquility Department gradually increased. For example, the Wu Clan's Deity Rank expert Wu Po Gong was now a righteous merit. Apart from that, there were also three Heavenly Demons that pretended to be Buddhist Sect's Deity Rank, as well as the current strongest Longevity God.

Longevity God had already cultivated to the Sage Realm and created a Minor Chiliocosm. He had also grasped the True God position of the three Deities. He alone was equivalent to dozens of Deity Rank experts.

Of course, this was still far from enough. The Celestial Tranquility Department wanted to dominate the world and completely control the situation. It needed an Empyrean, an Empyrean level expert that had jumped out of the three realms and did not belong to the five elements. Otherwise, it would all be for naught. Time passed day by day, and in the blink of an eye, half a year had passed.

Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong kept condensing Longevity God's Minor Chiliocosm. It was unknown how much energy they consumed. In the depths of this Minor Chiliocosm, the simulated Sun Lord and Moon Lord grew bigger and bigger, and the light became more and more tyrannical. In the end, it turned into a huge human figure that penetrated into various spaces. With a casual movement, the light illuminated the Minor Chiliocosm. At this time, Longevity God had completely lost control of his Minor Chiliocosm. In other words, the current Dharma Saint had complete control of the situation.

If Longevity God did not have Gu Chensha's help, he would have been completely controlled and would not have the slightest chance to turn things around.

"It's about time."

Wudang Kong stopped. "We've already reached our limit in condensing the Lord of the Sun and Moon. Even if we continue to condense it, we'll basically stop here. This aura is already enough to trick the North Star Empire into immediately carrying out the plan." "Yes, it's about time."

The Dharma Saint said: "When I was condensing the aura of the Sun Lord and Moon Lord, I observed the changes in the Calmness Celestial Department. I found that Gu Chensha's cultivation has reached the 29 Changes of Primal Chaos Realm. His General of the People has also reached this level. The world has stabilized once again, suppressing some of our families' arrangements. What I am most worried about is that Gu Chensha can break through to God Level at any time. If that is the case, it will be troublesome. He has cultivated the Heavenly Law Technique, and once he becomes God Level, his improvement will be so great that even I won't be able to do anything to him."

"Heavenly Law Technique …" A sharp light flashed in Wu Dangkong's eyes. It was as if she would only be satisfied if Gu Chensha was completely killed. Her hatred towards Gu Chensha was endless, but she was much calmer now. "The Common People's Marshal has always been a huge threat. If it wasn't for the 360 Common People's Marshals assisting the various Governors to suppress the world, even if I lost my power, I could still create chaos in the world with just a little bit of planning. But now that the Common People's Marshal's strength has increased, no power can move. If they want to use some methods, they will be destroyed." "General of the People's People's People is really terrifying."

Jing Qiu's eyes shone brightly. "Even though I've cultivated to the God level, it's still very difficult to suppress these Great Generals of the Common People. They are all experts at the fifth level of the True Dragon Method, and their bodies have been tempered hundreds and thousands of times. They also have many treasures created by the World Tree of the Jingxian Department. Even if it's just one of them, it would be very difficult for the God level to kill them. I'm afraid even the three Celestial Venerables don't have puppets of this level.

Common People's Commander who reached Dao Realm 29 Transformation and comprehended chaos was indeed terrifying.

They were only one realm away from the Divine level, and their bodies had also condensed a space that was close to the microscopic world. A large amount of chaotic Qis was absorbed into the space and settled down. Slowly, they started to evolve into mountains, rivers, and other things, causing the space to be even closer to the microscopic world.

Apart from that, in order to increase the strength of these Generals, Gu Chensha allowed the World Tree to condense many powerful magical treasures to increase their combat strength and defense. This way, even an ordinary Dao Realm 30 Transformation "World Creator" God Realm might not be able to do anything to a General.

Moreover, if a Common People's Commander was attacked, all the other Common People's Commanders would start to sense it. These Common People's Commanders could communicate with one another and instantly kill God Realms. One must know that there were a total of 360 Common People's Commanders.

"With the increase in the strength of the Supreme Marshal of the People, managing the country has become very easy. Not to mention, there are also the students of the People's Wish Academy. All of them cultivate the Dragon Raising Heart Sutra and the Dragon Creation Heart Sutra. In time, they will all become geniuses, even unparalleled geniuses. These people have already controlled all the officials in the world. Slowly changing the blood, in a few years, all the officials in the world will be people of the Calming Immortal Bureau. At that time, the ideals of the Calming Immortal Bureau will completely permeate into the hearts of the people, and even the Celestial Designer Institute will not be able to stop this trend."

Dharma Saint nodded his head, "However, we can't underestimate the Celestial Lord. She has definitely seen through what we know and what we can see through. Looking at her plans, using the methods of the prehistoric civilization to slowly seep into the lives of the people. Using such a civilization to replace the Celestial Path Civilization has already changed some people's views.

Even with the use of resources, cultivation is still really tough. Although there are 20 billion people in the world, there are very few who can step into Dao Realm. Most of them are unable to do so in their entire lives. At such a time, the Celestial Craftsman Institute has a way. I know that the Celestial Craftsman Institute is using the ancient prehistoric civilization gene evolution path.

In the future, as long as we inject it, we will be able to raise our strength. This will be a fatal blow to the Celestial Craftsman Institute. " ..... To support friends and also to bring benefits to everyone.