Chapter 185
===========

Weng! A bow and two arrows appeared on Lou Baiyue's back once more.

This was the Fan Family's God Artifact transformed from the Great Massacre God Technique. The Release Bow and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows were really strong.

She killed the Mosha Crown Prince so easily. Many monsters, demons, barbarians, and celestials who were hiding in the depths of Buzhou Palace were terrified when they saw her use this technique. But Lou Baiyue wanted to clear the area and didn't care about what they thought. The two arrows locked onto a barbarian.

The barbarian hid his body and hid behind the stone walls of a palace. He seemed to have noticed something and was silently circulating his will to try to see through the walls of Buzhou Palace to see what was inside.

This Buzhou Palace was really firm and no matter how high one's cultivation was or how strong one's Xiantian energy was, one couldn't damage it at all. Those damaged areas were left behind from the ancient God and Demon War and only gods could damage it.

Although it couldn't be destroyed, one could use one's soul power to spy on it. If one found some holes, there might be benefits and fortuitous encounters.

Those who could come here were all experts but to be able to use soul power to spy on it, one had to be at least at Dao Realm Transformation 11, Soul Tentacle.

This meant that this hidden barbarian was also at that realm or even stronger. If he really found many fortuitous encounters in Buzhou Palace and his cultivation rose, who knew how much trouble he would cause in the future? The bowstring rang out. The two arrows instantly arrived beside the barbarian. Numerous black lights broke the barbarian's invisibility technique and were about to kill him.

The barbarian swelled up and his Xiantian energy circulated, forming a waterfall-like sky barrier. Within the barrier, numerous dragon and snake shadows tangled and blocked the two arrows. Kacha kacha!

Under the strikes of the two arrows, the barrier gave out a drum-like sound. It was deafening but it was unable to break through the defense of the barrier.

"This is a strong person." Gu Chensha and The Fourth pounced forwards.

Lou Baiyue walked slowly at an extremely fast speed. She arrived in front of the barbarian before Gu Chensha and The Fourth. She put away her arrows.

She said, "Luluha, the Pope of the Hell Serpent Temple, once assassinated the Inspector-General of five provinces, three prefectural governors, dozens of generals, and countless officials of various prefectures. If I remember correctly, in the first year of the Heavenly Talisman Era, you were the one who caused the massacre in the seven prefectures of the Yichuan Prefecture. All the people and officials of the seven prefectures died in a single night, their souls sucked away. Seven prefectures, hundreds of thousands of people, how could I let you go after meeting you today?"

"Hahaha …" The Hell Serpent Temple's Pope Luluha laughed and said in the Barbarian language, "That's right. I caused this. I devoured the souls of hundreds of thousands of people. What can you do to me?

You killed that useless Devil Cliff Crown Prince, but it allowed our tribe to rise. I have to thank you. "

The Barbarian tribes were also not very united. They fought with each other and wanted to devour each other. They were not a monolithic entity.

"Very good."

Lou Baiyue nodded her head, "Since that is the case, then you won't be able to escape justice today. This Bu Zhou Palace will be your burial ground." As he spoke, Lou Baiyue made his move. Light as a feather, he struck out with his palm.

The Demon Descending Blade in Gu Chensha's hand roared and slashed out. The sword was really clumsy and wasn't fast or slow. It was like a turtle crawling, like a kid scribbling, like an old woman threading a needle. It was calm and peaceful, ordinary and simple, like a supreme intent of returning to one's true self. The sword appeared in front of the Hell Serpent Temple's Pope Luluha.

At the same time, Fourth Bro also pressed down lightly, activating the Heart in the Vast Beyond Heavens fist technique. The three of them pincer-attacked.

The Hell Serpent Temple's Pope Luluha's cultivation was really strong. In the first year of Heaven Talisman, he swallowed the souls of hundreds of thousands of people in seven counties. It was obvious that he had reached the Demon Devouring Ghost Realm.

This transformation not only allowed him to swallow the souls of demons and beasts, but he could also swallow the souls of humans and beasts. He could digest them in his body to strengthen his mental energy and raise the strength of his soul. In the end, he would reach the 14th transformation, the soul leaving the body. He wouldn't be afraid of all sorts of tribulations.

In the past, Luluha was at the Demon Devouring Ghost Realm. Now, he was at least several times stronger.

However, Gu Chensha was very careful. Based on his intuition, this Luluha was unfathomable. He was actually able to withstand the transformation of the two arrows. He was afraid that he was even stronger than Luo Xiu, who he had just met, let alone the Devil Cliff Crown Prince.

One had to know that Luo Xiu was the Sect Leader of Three Extreme Sect. Although it was a second or third grade celestial sect, his cultivation was really strong. He was already at the 16th transformation of Dao Realm, Reincarnation.

At such a realm, even in the 72 sects, he could be a really high ranking elder and enjoy all sorts of treatment. He was a pillar of the sect.

"Hehehehe …"

Just at that moment, a person came out from a leather bag on Luluha's back. He clapped his hands and blocked Gu Chensha and the Fourth's attacks. Then, a huge amount of Xiantian Earth Energy appeared from his body and he clashed with Lou Baiyue. Honglong! The three of them were actually forced back by him.

Gu Chensha advanced and retreated. As he retreated, he dissolved all the Xiantian Earth Energy and used the Dragon Transformation Pagoda to absorb it.

He could only feel that the other party's Earth Energy was really strong and was much stronger than Luo Xiu's. It was a whole realm higher. Even his Dragon Transformation Pagoda found it hard to dissolve it. The three of them split up and formed a triangle, surrounding Luluha. At this moment, Gu Chensha could see that there was a young man standing beside Luluha.

This young man's cultivation was really strong, on par with Luluha. Moreover, he had sharp eyebrows and sharp eyes. He was actually a genius that was no weaker than Long Zaifei.

However, the strange thing was that this young man's every move was similar to Luluha's. The two of them were very similar in terms of soul, as if they were the same person.

"As expected."

Lou Baiyue squinted her eyes, "You actually cultivated to the seventeenth transformation, Dao Splitting Soul. If I'm not wrong, this young man was called Li Yaoyang, the most outstanding disciple of the Profound Sect of Chongyang. However, you swallowed his soul and took over his body, pouring in your second Yuan Shen."

"Dao Realm Seventeenth Transformation, Dao Splitting Soul!" Gu Chensha became nervous when he heard this.

The so-called Dao Splitting Soul was when the Yuan Shen was used to the extreme and split into three, which were three different people. Each of them could be reincarnated or reincarnated in another body.

In the Demon Path, this was called the Three Corpses Yuan Shen, and in the Celestial Path, it was called the Three Pure Ones.

Only when one reached this realm could one truly be said to be powerful and extremely difficult to kill. However, this transformation was a bottleneck.

Splitting the Primordial Spirit was as difficult as splitting open the Grand Dao. Even in the Primordial Era, very few cultivators were able to succeed. Perhaps only one in a thousand cultivators would be able to succeed.

Once one succeeded, one's cultivation would be three times stronger. Moreover, the three of them would form a formation and change one another. It wouldn't be as simple as three stacking on top of one another.

One could say that if one reached this realm, it would be a totally different world. It would be the same as the Samadhi True Flame of the Dao Realm Eight Transformation. The Dao Realm 36 Transformation was the number of four nines. This meant that every nine transformations meant a huge breakthrough.

From the Samadhi True Flame of the Dao Realm Eight Transformation to the Glass Jade Body, one's lifespan would double and one's body would be as quiet as glass.

The Dao Realm Seventeenth Transformation Dao Splitting Soul and Eighteenth Transformation Great Dao Golden Core were the final transformations of the Two Nines. From the Ten Transformations to One Thousand Using One Heart and Reincarnating in a Body, they were all paving the way for the second transformation.

"As expected from someone that the Heaven Talisman Emperor favored."

Luluha used the Barbarian Language to laugh, "This Li Yaoyang was a top talent and was arrogant. He went around killing demons and monsters, but after all, he wasn't strong enough. I schemed and killed him. I swallowed his soul and used the second soul to occupy his body. After cultivation, he reached the same realm as me. No! He is stronger than me.

But right now, I still lack a third body. Originally, I wanted to plot against Fa Wuxian, but unfortunately, he was too vigilant. Since you have appeared, then I will occupy your body and swallow your soul. Then, I will be able to cultivate the Great Dao Golden Core easily. "

"The Fourth, Old Nineteen, this person is the Hell Snake God Temple Sect Leader and his position is similar to Yuan Shasheng's. Killing him would mean that all those who believe in the Hell Snake Evil God would have no leader."

Lou Baiyue's expression was calm, "I knew that the appearance of Buzhou Palace was a good chance for us to kill Barbarian Race experts. It is a good chance for Calming Celestial Department to become famous."

"That's right!" The Fourth didn't care at all, "This kind of Barbarian Race Temple leader must be killed!" "I want to see how far I am from the top experts."

Gu Chensha had fought against Heng Budong before. Although he was no match for Luluha, with Number Four and Lou Baiyue taking some of the pressure off of Luluha, Gu Chensha was able to provide some assistance from the side.

Moreover, he was very useful. He could absorb the enemy's Innate Gang Qi and make it impossible for him to retract it, thus weakening the enemy. A great battle was about to begin. Hahahaha … At this moment, laughter was heard again. Someone landed in the field. Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and The Fourth frowned at the same time. Because the person who came was the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple Sect Leader, Yuan Shasheng.

As Yuan Shasheng landed, Li Wangsheng also appeared in the field. He came from the other side and locked his eyes on Lou Baiyue.

The enemy had two more experts out of nowhere. No matter how strong Lou Baiyue was, she had to consider the risks.

Yuan Shasheng didn't attack last time, but this person had reached Dao Realm Transformation 16 long ago. Gu Chensha felt that he was even more terrifying than Li Wangsheng and might not be weaker than Luluha. One must know that Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple was even stronger than Hell Snake God Temple.

If Lou Baiyue, Fourth Elder, and Gu Chensha were to go against Luluha, the odds of victory were only fifty-fifty, then with Li Wangsheng, Yuan Shasheng would definitely lose.

"Lou Baiyue, you are really amazing. Compared to last time, your cultivation has improved."

Li Wangsheng's gaze was sharp, "If you continue to grow like this, in a year and a half, how strong will you be?" Lou Baiyue's growth shocked him.

At the start, Lou Baiyue was just at Dao Realm Transformation Seven and was defeated by him. In just a short 20 hours. She appeared in front of him once more and he was actually helpless. Three months passed and Li Wangsheng realized that he was no match for Lou Baiyue. In front, Lou Baiyue and Fa Wuxian were fighting on the same level.