Chapter 330
===========

Skull Ash Demon Emperor's cultivation was at Dao Realm Transformation 22, Astronomical Phenomenon. Skull Demon Emperor's cultivation was at Dao Realm Transformation 21, Five Element Body Transformation.

One more realm made a huge difference. Logically speaking, Skull Ash Demon Emperor didn't need Gu Chensha's help to suppress Skull Demon Emperor.

However, although the Skeleton Demon Emperor was one realm lower than Skeleton Ash, he had 72 Divine General Maha puppets, which were refined from the corpses of ancient immortals that had fallen in the Devil Domain. They were extremely powerful, and each Divine General Maha corresponded to an Earth Fiend Esoteric Meaning. The 72 Divine General Maha were 72 Earth Fiends, and when combined, they formed a great formation that was even more powerful than the formation itself.

Gu Chensha knew about the strength of puppets. When a cultivator couldn't raise his realm, the best way was to refine puppets. His Common People's God General was the same.

If he had 360 Common People's God Generals by his side, he would be confident in fighting Skull Ash Demon Emperor.

The ancient immortals had perished in the Infernal Domain, and their corpses were obtained by demons. Using them as the foundation, they refined Divine General Maha into an extremely powerful Divine General Maha. It was no wonder that even the Skull Ash Demon Emperor didn't dare to rashly suppress it.

This was news that Gu Chensha had just gotten from Skull Ash Demon Emperor. He planned before he acted, so naturally, he had to consider the details.

"Now, you and I will suppress him. Since you can even refine Skull Demon Emperor, then your combat strength can compare to Dao Realm Transformation 21, Five Element Body Transformation. You might even be stronger than him."

Skull Ash Demon Emperor said, "You deal with his main body. I will use my techniques to collect his 72 God General Maha." "That will work."

Of course, Gu Chensha wouldn't believe Skull Ash Demon Emperor. Of course, he wouldn't explode either. He also wanted to test out his own techniques. Sou sou! The two of them flew into the Dark Iron Fortress. On the other hand, Gu Chensha was wrapped in the Skeleton Ash Devil Emperor's demonic cloud.

"Skull Ding."

The Skull Ash Devil Emperor descended and landed beside an altar. The altar was also made of Underworld Iron and Underworld Jade, and there were many runes carved on it.

On top of that sat a demon. He was also a young man with a sinister look on his face. Around him, 72 other young men who looked exactly like him could be seen sitting in the same position as the Earthfiends.

"Skeleton Ash, what's wrong? You caught him? "

Ding Kui opened his eyes when he saw the ball of devil qi. "This man is the nineteenth prince of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. To think that he could even refine a skeleton. What secrets does he have exactly? We're going to offer him to Demon Emperor Skeleton Black. "

"Ku Ding, there are a few Demon Emperors under Demon Emperor Ku Xuan's command, and they have always been at odds with us."

Skeleton Ash spoke in a sinister voice, "For example, Skeleton Flame, Skeleton End, and Skeleton Heart. If we refine this kid, not only will you be able to reach the same realm as me, you might even be able to evolve the 72 Maha Generals into 36 Heavenly Dipper Generals. This way, the 36 Heavenly Dipper Generals and 72 Earthly Fiends will be able to fuse together and form the Maha Prison Suppression Array.

"Why don't you refine it yourself and want to cooperate with me?" Skeleton Ding asked.

"If I could refine it myself, then I wouldn't have found you."

Skeleton Ash said, "Think about it, this kid is able to use his Dao Realm Sixteen Transformation cultivation to refine a Dao Realm Twenty Transformation Skeleton. What kind of ability is that? His body contains supreme power. Maybe I can only use your 72 Maha Generals to wipe him out."

"That's true. This kid is really terrifying. Logically speaking, the difference between Sixteen and Twenty Transformations is huge and Skeleton Ash should have been able to wipe him out right away. But he actually refined it instead."

Ku Ding said, "Then, let's work together to refine this kid and split his essence energy and that weird power in his body?" "That's right." Skeleton Ash activated the demonic luck and wrapped Gu Chensha within. Gu Chensha clashed within but he couldn't get out at all.

"So amazing, if you hadn't cultivated the Astronomical Phenomenon, you probably wouldn't have been able to trap him." Ku Ding was filled with fear and excitement, "Since that is the case, then let's refine it." "Okay."

Skeleton Ash returned to the other altar and activated the demonic flames. Like a fire dragon, it flew towards Gu Chensha.

At that moment, Ku Ding's body moved. The 72 Maha Generals behind him moved and chanted the Maha Curse. They buffed the demonic flames and instantly, they became several times stronger.

"This is the moment." Gu Chensha was shocked. Not only did the demonic flames not burn him, but they were also a huge supplement. He pushed with his hands and turned into a streak of light that struck towards Ku Ding on the altar.

At the same time, Skeleton Ash suddenly made a move. A divine light appeared behind him. This divine light flowed with vibrant colors and split into 72 rays. They landed on the heads of the 72 Mahākāśyapa and condensed into halos. The seventy-two Divine Generals Maha immediately froze.

"Skeleton Ash, you actually schemed against me. You have been eyeing my 72 Maha Generals covetously for a long time. So, you cultivated this Great Ascension Treasure Retrieving Devil Light just for this moment?" Ku Ding was shocked. He suddenly dispersed his Dharmic power, wanting to urge the 72 Maha Generals to escape. But at that moment, Gu Chensha charged over. He threw a punch as soon as he attacked.

The punch was slow like a turtle, but it had the power to swallow the world, contain the universe, save the common people, and exterminate all devils.

Gu Chensha's physical body, Stellar Energy, and Yuan Shen merged together and circulated within his body. Strong power gathered at one point and exploded with strong combat power.

If it was an expert of the same realm, a physical battle would be useless at this time because the physical body was too weak. But Gu Chensha was different. His Sun-Moon Dragon Physique was the strongest in the world. More importantly, Wu Dangkong had activated the Great Sacrifice of the Heavenly Abode and borrowed the power of the Heavenly Dao to forcefully fuse the power of time and space with his physical body, causing his meridians, flesh, and acupoints to all be fused with the power of time and space. He had also devoured the Skeleton Demon Emperor of the 20 Transformations and fused a huge amount of magic power into his body.

Apart from that, when Gu Chensha had formed a blood bond with the Heavenly Demon Tree, he had used the mysteries of the tree to comprehend the Primordial Chaos Sacred Body. In this way, Gu Chensha's body was almost an indestructible magic treasure.

He had also comprehended his own combat technique. His physical body would work with Stellar Energy and Yuan Shen to attack at close range.

This fist was the combination of the Common People Heaven Mending Technique and the Common People Heaven Reforming Technique.

He suddenly attacked. His Xiantian Stellar Energy wrapped around his body and his Yuan Shen sat in his consciousness. With extreme speed, he arrived beside Skeleton Ding.

If he released his Xiantian Stellar Energy now, it could cover hundreds of miles, even thousands of miles, forming a huge energy shield. One could see how strong the Xiantian Stellar Energy was.

But he did not release it now. Instead, he tried his best to compress it and spin it three inches around his body. This created an extremely strong force that propelled his physical body to fly at high speeds.

If such a huge amount of Stellar Energy was compressed into a thin three inches, how fast would his speed be?

This was the combat technique that Gu Chensha had figured out. It used the physical body to attack and Stellar Energy to support it.

Normal cultivators used Stellar Energy to attack at this realm. For example, Gu Chensha used Stellar Energy to form the Xuanwu, Demon God, Star Sovereign, or Nebula to attack. But this way, he had many methods. The weakness was that it was not strong enough and could not kill in one blow.

Gu Chensha thought about many techniques and came up with a combat technique based on the state of his body. Peng!

That fist ripped apart layers of seals. Numerous defensive formations were ripped apart and no one was able to block it at all. Gu Chensha had already arrived in front of Skeleton Ding, and his fist landed on his body.

The strong fist power exploded and instantly turned Skeleton Ding into five streaks of Stellar Energy. There was a ball of flame, a ball of green energy, a ball of water energy, a ball of metal energy, and a ball of earth energy. This was the Five Element Spiritual Energy.

This was the strength of the Dao Realm 21 Transformation and the Five Element Transformation. Gu Chensha's sure-kill punch could only scatter the Stellar Energy and turn it into the Five Elements.

As long as there was a slight delay, the Five Elements would form once more and Skeleton Ding would recover. He wouldn't be injured at all.

"Heaven and Earth Change, Sun and Moon Seal."

Gu Chensha's hands continuously changed Dharmic formulations, immediately setting up layers of seals on the five blobs of Essence Qi. But the five balls of Stellar Energy swelled up and were about to explode the seals. With Gu Chensha's cultivation, he wasn't able to seal Skeleton Ding at all.

But shortly after, he sucked in and swallowed the five balls of Stellar Energy into his Dantian while they were breaking the seals.

In the depths of his Dantian was a Grotto-Heaven the size of a house. It was formed by the Heaven Path Grotto-Heaven Ritual. He was sucking Skeleton Ding into the Grotto-Heaven.

That Grotto-Heaven was much stronger than normal Space Treasures. Other Space Treasures, even Dragon Gate, didn't have their own Space Power but was created by a God Realm expert. So when others got it, they could only use it to store items.

The Grotto-heaven produced by the Rite of the Heavenly Way was the fusion of the power of time and space with the primordial spirit and physical body of the person offering the sacrifice, allowing the person to use the power of the Grotto-heaven. It was not a simple storage space. This was why the Grotto-Heaven Ritual was so amazing.

The Heaven Talisman Ritual allowed Gu Tianzi to suppress many Demon Gods. It allowed him to have all sorts of unbelievable powers.

Gu Chensha's own Empyrean Energy and Nascent Divinity couldn't suppress Skeleton Ding at all. He had taken the opportunity to trap Skeleton Ding in the depths of his dantian's sea of energy. Skeleton Ding wouldn't be able to escape at all, unless he reached the Twenty-Seventh Transformation of the Dao Realm, which would allow him to tear open space and escape.

If it was a Space Treasure, then after Gu Chensha kept Skeleton Ding in, Skeleton Ding could use its own powers to find the flaws in Gu Chensha's Primordial Spirit and the treasure. Then, it could refine the treasure and steal it.

But this space wasn't a Treasure but a part of Gu Chensha's body. One could say that it was Gu Chensha himself and Skeleton Ding couldn't steal it at all.