Chapter 693
===========

"The benefits we obtained this time are too shocking. Not only did we severely injure the Dharma Saint, but we also reaped a bountiful harvest.

If I truly obtain three True God Thrones, I'm afraid that in a few years, I'll be able to completely cultivate to the Thirty-Five Minute Dust Transformation. "Longevity God said.

In a short period of time, the Dharma Saint had raised him to thirty-five transformations in order to better seal the North Star God. But now, the North Star God had been temporarily cultivated into the King of Common Life by Gu Chensha using the Cosmic Tide. His power had faded, and he was back to thirty-four transformations controlling fate energy.

However, it didn't matter. This time, Zhang Tie had really gained too great benefits. Not only that, he had completely completed the three true immortal thrones. Besides, he had successfully created his own mini chiliocosm. After being constantly instilled with the energy of medium chiliocosm by Dharma Saint, this mini chiliocosm was terrifyingly firm. It could already match the mini chiliocosms of Taiyi Fantasy Sect, Universe Mysterious Sect and Heavenly Dance Fantasy Sect.

Given Longevity God's current strength, even an Empyrean Realm expert wouldn't be able to kill him. He could escape.

Not to mention anything else, the three great perfection True God thrones were in the depths of his minor chiliocosm, causing the three fates of fortune, fortune, and longevity to be complete. This aura could greatly increase the power of the living beings in the world.

"Let's go. This time, we've really won a great victory. We've delayed the Devil Calamity caused by the Dharma Saint. The world will have another ten years of peace to recuperate."

Gu Chensha said, "Let's return now and deal with Xing Qiongshi. Xing Qiongshi still has five True God Positions. If we obtain all of them, then our strength will definitely increase.

After all, our Calming Immortal Department has only been established for a short period of time, and we don't have enough savings. However, things are different now.

With 360 common people generals suppressing the world and the king of common people presiding over government affairs, I want to see which lawless people still dare to cause trouble.

When I capture the real Master of the Sun and Moon and merge with the Common Life Monarch, the Common Life Monarch will be completely perfected. In the future, it will be able to become the Paragon that rules over the world. This Paragon will not have his own emotions, so naturally, he will not have any selfish motives. He will serve the people of the world wholeheartedly, and will be absolutely fair and rational. "

"When Your Highness governs the country in the future, it seems that you can achieve a balance between Yin and Yang and create eternal peace?" Longevity God said.

"I can't talk about eternal peace, but I hope that the Imperial Court will only be destroyed when the heavens and earth are destroyed."

Gu Chensha said, "Let's go. Now that we're surrounded by enemies, that Dharma Saint still doesn't know that I'm the one who did it. But with his intelligence, he'll definitely guess that I'm the one who did it. At that time, I'm afraid that he'll disregard everything to attack and rebel." "Even if Dharma Saint attacks us, he won't be able to cause any waves." Longevity God said.

The two of them suddenly left, directly breaking through the turbulent flows of space-time and arriving deep within the dimensional realm of the sphere of Common People's Wish. At this moment, Xing Qiong Shi, who was meditating under the World Tree, opened his eyes. Xing Qiong Shi seemed to have sensed something as he turned to look at Longevity God and Gu Chensha.

"Kill!"

At this time, Gu Chensha did not say anything. He immediately launched his attack on the Xing Qiong Clan.

In the blink of an eye, the Mortal Life King appeared and flew up to the top of the World Tree, emanating waves of radiance and earth energy.

"North Star, it's the North Star!"

The Black Tortoise, Vermilion Bird, White Tiger, and Azure Dragon all became restless as they sensed the aura of the North Star.

"Five Elements Perfection, Saint Dao Cycle."

Gu Chensha pointed with a finger, and a huge amount of Five Elements Power surged out and entered the bodies of the four divine beasts.

Immediately, the four divine beasts roared, and their cultivation base increased by a thousand years. The Five Elements Power was truly perfected.

The North Star stood in the center, and the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise suppressed the surroundings. The Saint Dao of Five Elements Perfection instantly spread to every corner of the dimensional realm through the World Tree.

At this time, Longevity God released his Minor Chiliocosm and hung it on one of the branches of the World Tree, forming an alliance with the other minor chiliocosms. In this way, Fortune, Longevity, and Three Luck started to spread out.

Xing Qiongshi's expression changed. He could sense that the world barrier of the dimensional realm had become several times stronger. If he wanted to charge out now, it would be difficult.

"Good lad, to think that you would have such means. In just a short year, you created a diversion and made the Dharma Saint suffer a huge loss. Not only did you subdue Longevity God and obtain three True God Thrones, you even borrowed the power of the Dharma Saint to seal the North Star for your use. I have truly underestimated you." Xing Qiongshi immediately knew what had happened. He had not expected that Gu Chensha would be able to do such a thing in such a short period of time.

"Lord Xing Qiongshi, save me, hurry and save me!"

On the other side of the Common Life King, the North Star also saw the situation and hurriedly cried out.

Xing Qiongshi glanced at the Common Life King and frowned, "North Star, you are also the primogenitor of the ancient demon race. To think that you have fallen to such a state. You are only left with a strand of undying will. You are unable to control all your power. I can no longer save you." "Lord Xing Qiongshi, how do you feel now? Shouldn't you hand over the five True God Thrones? "

Gu Chensha said, "With this Common Life King, it will be a true Empyrean, presiding over a dimensional realm. The five elements will be perfect, and the three things will be perfect. Furthermore, there will be a Longevity God's Minor Chiliocosm. Do you think I can suppress you?"

"Such a scale will increase the strength of your Celestial Calmness Department. Unfortunately, trying to suppress me is just an illusion." Xing Qiongshi said.

"Is that so? Then come and try. "

Although Gu Chensha said this, he didn't attack. "Lord Xing Qiongshi, we are currently in the stage of cooperation. You wanted to scheme for my dimensional realm, but now you can't. After all, my cultivation has increased by leaps and bounds, and I've also obtained many benefits. In my battle with you, I have the upper hand. Of course, I don't want to fight with you unless I have no other choice. After all, there isn't any deep hatred between us. On the contrary, we have a common enemy. The three Empyreans.

You also know that the three Empyreans haven't appeared yet. They are bitterly cultivating in the depths of the Primordial Tree. It is very likely that they have already reached the Celestial Longevity Realm. In addition, there are three dimensional realms with countless disciples and Saints. Experts are as common as the clouds, and gods are as common as rain. How can you fight them alone? Only by cooperating with the Celestial Calmness Department can you have your revenge.

Besides, you should consider my suggestion of cultivating the Divine Prefecture Grand Magic's one hundred stages. " "There's no need to consider it."

"Since ancient times, my Xingqiong Clan has stood tall and proud, tearing apart the vault of heaven and earth. We've never feared anyone. This time, I was plotting against your dimensional realm, but what a pity that you've actually accomplished such a heaven-shaking and earth-shattering feat. It looks like my chances are slim. Since that's the case, I'll just forget about it. It's not like we can't talk about working together. Don't you want to become a True Divinity of the Five Seasons Gods? I can give it to you. But you have to do something for me. "

"Lord Xing Qiongshi still admits that the True God Throne of the Five Seasons is in your hands?" Gu Chensha smiled.

Originally, Dou Yiyu said that the True God Throne of the Five Seasons was in Xing Qiongshi's hands, but Xing Qiongshi said that it was in Dou Yiyu's hands. In the end, Gu Chensha figured out that it was in Xing Qiongshi's hands.

"Lord Xing Qiongshi, what do you want me to help you with?" Gu Chensha asked.

"It's very simple. The reason I came here is to seize a dimensional realm. Since I can't seize it now, you'll have to help me form a brand new dimensional realm. Otherwise, why would I hand over the throne of True Divinity to you?" Xing Qiong said.

"So that's what you want."

Gu Chensha smiled. "That's not easy. But the Celestial Calmness Department controls two dimensional realms and has the strength to do so.

However, a dimensional realm is no small matter. It's almost impossible to successfully create one. You want to use five True God Thrones to exchange for it? That's too cheap. "

Dimensional realms were the foundation of the great sects of the Primeval Age, let alone a dimensional realm.

Once a dimensional realm was formed, it would be able to suppress the Primeval Age and stand at the peak of the myriad worlds.

Even if Xing Qiongshi had refined his own dimensional realm in the past, it would be very difficult for him to do it again. Especially since he'd lost a lot of things in his scheme against Wu Dangkong.

"Five True God Thrones and you think they're cheap?

You sure talk big. In the Primordial Era, who knows how much bloodshed a True God position would cause? Especially the Gods of the Five Seasons under your command. Once they obtain this True God position, who knows how useful they would be in suppressing the world. "

Xing Qiongshi said, "Besides that, you're working with me to get rid of your enemies. For example, as long as I devour the Minor Chiliocosms of the Saint Clans, I'll be able to form a dimensional realm. These Saint Clans are a huge threat to the world. They can threaten you at any time and turn the Divine Continent into a mess. If you can get rid of these tumors, I'm afraid your court will rise to a whole new level."