Chapter 1029
============

Mister Wuwu

"I'm too powerful, so powerful that any action of mine can affect the life and death of countless universes. That's why I have to be careful in everything I do. I can't do anything too extreme. Otherwise, if I destroy these universes, I'll have to rebuild them again. That's a troublesome thing." Gu Chensha looked at the current universe and the vast human world and sighed.

He was like a master with precious jewels, jades, and porcelain in his house. Every time he did something, he had to be very careful. Otherwise, if he wasn't careful, he would break the jewels and porcelain in his house. Gu Chensha was too powerful. He was no longer suitable for the universe.

However, he had nowhere else to go. Therefore, he could only expand the universe and the entire world, making it more magnificent and sturdy. Everything he had done, he had been operating for this purpose.

If that terrifying thing appeared, it would start devouring everything in the world, causing great damage to the world. Therefore, Gu Chensha was determined not to let it do as it pleased.

That terrifying thing was like a robber who broke into his house. Not only did it wantonly rob, it also destroyed precious jewels and porcelain, destroying everything that Gu Chensha had painstakingly built. It even wanted to destroy the foundation of Gu Chensha's advancement. This was also why Gu Chensha was angry.

When the Celestial Emperor and the Fourth Brother Gu Huasha created the universe, because of their greed, the universe they created went completely out of control, giving the terrible thing an opportunity to take advantage of it. Although Gu Huasha destroyed the universe, the terrible thing appeared again, scattered into the depths of the human world and hid, trying to stir up trouble.

Therefore, Gu Chensha calculated this matter. He had to capture this terrifying thing and seal it. This was to prevent it from stirring up trouble and causing the world to return to the track of his plan.

The trajectory of his plan was very simple. He wanted the living beings to continuously cultivate the Dragonless Mantra, causing the Dragonless Mantra to spread throughout the universe. Then, all the experts would work together to create many universes in the human realm. Finally, the quantitative change would lead to a qualitative change. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha did his best to retract his power as he entered the Eternal Continent. Observing the fate energy, he saw the races, countries, powers, and sects with the strongest fate energy in the Eternal Continent.

In the Eternal Continent, there was the Dragon Race. The Dragon Race gave birth to Gold Dragons, Diamond Dragons, Fire Dragons, Silver Dragons, and so on. The Dragon Race was similar to lizards. They had wings, and when they stood up, they could transform into human form. They were incredibly powerful, but they could sign contracts with humans and become their mounts. It was similar to the world of magic.

Of course, there were also powerful humans. Some humans knew magic, some Daoist techniques, some knew martial arts, and some were experts in science and technology.

All in all, this universe was extremely rich. The Immortal Dao civilization, the Martial Dao civilization, the Technological civilization, and the Magical civilization were all intertwined together.

"Interesting, interesting. It's actually Long Xiangtian's aura."

When Gu Chensha sensed the fate energy, he smiled. He sensed an old acquaintance, Long Xiangtian's aura. When Long Xiangtian had appeared, he had stirred up a storm. But he had been suppressed time and time again, and he had suffered countless times.

In the end, all of his abilities had been removed, and he had become an ordinary person. He had disappeared, and no one knew where he had gone. Gu Chensha knew that this person had had some fortuitous encounter, just like Fa Wuxian. However, he didn't care too much. Even someone as powerful as Fa Wuxian had been suppressed, and his life had been worse than death.

But from the looks of it, this Long Xiangtian was much more patient than Fa Wuxian, and he was much better at courting death.

Gu Chensha knew that it was time to harvest Long Xiangtian. Once he captured him, he would suffer a fate even worse than Fa Wuxian's. After entering the Eternal Continent, Jiang Ge appeared in the imperial city of a country.

This country was the center of the Eternal Continent, similar to Yongchō's position in the Central Divine Continent. The emperor of this country was a great strategist, and his name was Long Zaitian.

The Eternal Continent had billions of years of history. Although the human world only had a thousand years of history, because the human world's timeline was different from the Eternal Continent's timeline, time in the Eternal Continent changed very quickly.

The human world's timeline was also completely different from the human world's timeline. In some universes, a day in the human world was equivalent to a year in this universe. In other universes, ten years or even a hundred years had passed.

In these billions of years, the Eternal Continent had a very rich history. Countless heroes had appeared, and there were many tragic stories. However, there were no Progenitors among them. It seemed that there was some mysterious power that interfered with the birth of Progenitors.

'According to this logic, let alone Progenitors, even Heavenly Daos could be born in the Eternal Continent. However, there was no Progenitor. That means there's some power interfering.

This kind of method is much more powerful than the Fourth and the Emperor Of Heaven. It can only be terrifying.

The center of this universe is the Dragon Emperor Of Heaven Country, and the emperor of emperors is Long Zaitian. I have a subordinate called Long Zaifei, Long Yuyun's little brother. He also became the 'Flying Ancestor'. I didn't expect there to be someone called Long Zaitian here. It's quite domineering. 'Jiang Ge directly entered the imperial palace of the Dragon Emperor Of Heaven Country.

The imperial palace of the Dragon Empire was filled with restrictions, and experts were as common as clouds. Gu Chensha could even see restrictions set up by Heaven Origin Realm experts.

In other words, if someone at Heaven Origin Realm entered, they might encounter restrictions on the level of a Great Thousand World.

"Hmm …" Gu Chensha moved forward. When he was about to enter the depths of the imperial palace, a fog appeared. This fog was formed by many Great Thousand Worlds. Every grain of fog was a Great Thousand World. If an expert entered, these billions of Great Thousand Worlds would instantly entangle them and then explode. Even a Progenitor would be heavily injured.

"Not bad, not bad. I didn't expect a small imperial palace to have such a restriction. This restriction can only be used by Heavenly Daos experts. It seems there are Heavenly Daos experts here."

Gu Chensha waved his hand and the fog dispersed. It was impossible for anyone in the depths of the imperial palace to discover them.

After entering the depths of the imperial palace, in the study room, three people were discussing something. One of them was Dragon Emperor Of Heaven, Long Zai Tian. Next to him was Long Xiangtian.

To think that Long Xiangtian's cultivation state was at the Progenitor state! However, the magic power rippling out from his body was extremely obscure, such that Lin Fan could not make out his cultivation state at all. At this moment, Long Xiangtian was standing behind someone else. This person was wearing a black cloak, and Lin Fan could not make out what was underneath at all. In fact, there was a possibility that the cloak could be empty without anything inside at all.

Long Xiangtian respected this person very much. He didn't dare to move. Of course, there was also a deep fear.

On the other hand, Emperor Long Zai Tian was sitting there and repeatedly asking questions. It seemed that this person in the black cloak was his Great Imperial Teacher.

"Mister Wu Wu, how do you think I can unify this universe? Bring the entire Eternal Continent into my territory? "

Emperor Long Zai Tian asked humbly. "Mister Wu Wu, you said that this universe can give birth to many ancestors. However, since you helped me a few hundred years ago, I established the Dragon Emperor Of Heaven Country here. I used some methods to secretly absorb the fate energy of the entire universe. This made it impossible for Progenitor Realm experts to be born in this universe. Thus, my country's fate energy reached its peak. However, will it be troublesome to do this? " "There will be some trouble."

Long Xiangtian said, "Our biggest enemy isn't this universe. This universe isn't a threat to us. If we want to unify it, we can do it at any time. However, if we do that, the drastic changes in the universe will attract the attention of a powerful existence. Once he notices this place, our plan will fail." "Mister Wu Wu, what's your plan? Why don't you tell us?"

The Dragon Emperor Of Heaven Country Long Zai Tian said. "I've listened to Mister Wu Wu all these years and obtained great benefits. Now, I've reached Progenitor Realm and might even advance further. However, in the eyes of the outside world, I'm still very weak. I also know that our Eternal Continent is just a drop in the ocean compared to the entire Human World.

Currently, the strongest person in the Myriad Worlds of the Heavens and Earth is called Gu Chensha. However, his forces have yet to penetrate into our Eternal Continent. But sooner or later, his claws will come. Regarding this matter, how should we deal with it? " "That's a good question. You should take a longer view. "

Mister Wu Wu, who was wrapped in a cloak, said, "I'm very clear about Gu Chensha's plan. He wants everyone to cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra and keep expanding the world. However, this is a very dangerous action. The endless expansion will eventually lead to an explosion. Look at this bubble."

As he spoke, a bubble appeared on Mister Wu Wu's finger. After the bubble was infused with power, it kept expanding. Suddenly, it expanded to its limit and actually started to explode.

"That's why the world must have the power to absorb and the power to create. It has the power to create everything, but it also has the power to devour everything and turn everything into nothingness."

Mister Wu Wu said, "This is where fate energy lies. What we need to do now is to restrain Gu Chensha. If we succeed, our cultivation base will enter an unimaginable realm."