Chapter 1147
============

Hong Yi, Wang Chao, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li had all died, sacrificing themselves to form a giant flesh egg. A living creature was about to be born from the egg, and it produced some kind of boundless power.

All the powerful beings in the multiverse seemed to sense the power of the giant flesh egg and desperately tried to snatch it.

Everyone knew that whoever seized this giant flesh egg would become the most powerful existence in one go, surpassing everyone else.

Now, there were only two existences with trillions of lifespans in the world. One was the essence of Zhou Qin and the mysterious masked man, which had entered the body of a scholar from a small dynasty in a microcosm. That scholar was called He Ming.

Other than that, the essences of Chen Qi and Gu Xinjian had also fallen into the multiverse and disappeared. No one knew who obtained them. Countless experts scoured the various universes in search of them, but they found nothing. And now, the birth of the giant flesh egg had attracted many peerless experts to fight over it.

Whoever obtained the giant flesh egg would definitely surpass the essences of Zhou Qin and the mysterious masked man, and would definitely surpass the essences of Chen Qi and Gu Xinjian.

"I didn't expect there to be so many hidden experts in the multiverse. It seems that after a million years of preparation, there are indeed crouching tigers and hidden dragons."

Lou Baiyue's team hid in the depths of the void, carefully watching along with Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, the Martial Sage, Chang Weiyang, Chang Yuzhou, and the others.

They hadn't appeared in the world for a million years, not being tainted by any karma. They just silently watched everything.

All the operations of the common people were under their surveillance. However, although they were always ahead of the times, in reality, there were many changes that they couldn't understand. They couldn't be omniscient and omnipotent. Because of this, they had room for improvement. Otherwise, they would reach a bottleneck.

Even though Gu Chensha could be omniscient and omnipotent, he worked hard to create all kinds of opportunities so that he could no longer be omniscient and omnipotent. Only then could he improve.

Over the course of a million years, countless powers had been brewing, and countless powerful existences had been hiding in the shadows. Normally, they would not show themselves, but at the critical moment, they would be like giant dragons or whales in the sea, surfacing to reveal their power and might. Kill! Another powerful being with a lifespan of 800 billion years had made his move.

This existence was a woman, and her entire body was wrapped in graceful armor. This armor was made of sets of flower petals, lotuses, epiphyllum, resurrection lilies, and other flowers with mysterious powers. He didn't know what kind of existence this woman was.

As soon as she made her move, countless flower petals wrapped around the giant flesh egg and released waves of fragrance.

The aroma wasn't trying to refine the giant flesh egg. Instead, it was providing some sort of catalytic effect to the giant flesh egg, allowing it to hatch quickly.

"This woman is amazing. This mysterious woman actually thought of this method. She used her own life energy to provide energy for the giant flesh egg to hatch. This is like a bird taking an egg laid by another bird and hatching it. Then, the hatched bird will think that the bird that stole the egg is its mother." Lou Baiyue exclaimed. She recorded the data she observed. Countless amounts of data converged into an ocean, enriching her module.

The storm this time started with the battle between Zhou Qin and the mysterious masked Paragon, and then the process of Gu Xinjian devouring the fake Gu Taxian. Most importantly, Gu Xinjian and Chen Qi dying together, and finally, the process of Hong Yi and the other four fusing.

None of these experiences and data were left out. They were all entered into her module, and everyone studied them together. This series of experiences was much more abundant than a million years of accumulated research. It could be said that this was the most crucial time for Lou Baiyue and the others.

"Our accumulations have reached the peak," Wen Hong said. "It's time to break through to the strongest realm. With a lifespan of a trillion years, we have experience in this area. Although the world changes, and we can't always be the first, we can always maintain our position on the frontline. Let's gather our power together and catalyze it again." "Yes."

Zhuge Ya nodded in agreement. "Now that a person with a lifespan of a trillion years has appeared, we've completely figured out what the tribulations are. As all sorts of data circulate, we have enough confidence that any tribulations can be eliminated, especially since Hong Yi and the others have completely sacrificed themselves to form this giant flesh egg. We're even more confident that we can resolve the tribulations."

"Right, should we fight for this flesh egg? We won't absorb it, but if we take it and study it, our data will be more abundant."

Chang Weiyang said, "Moreover, if this flesh egg falls into the hands of others, there might be some bad consequences."

"This isn't appropriate. We shouldn't be tainted by this karma, or it won't be easy to clean up in the future.

We should learn from Chensha, which is to silently observe and collect data. This is our original intention. I also have a feeling that this flesh egg will never fall into the hands of others. It's very likely that the existence born from it will be Chensha's greatest opponent. This matter should be resolved by Chensha. " Lou Baiyue rejected Chang Weiyang's idea. She had a very clear grasp of the situation.

"Then let's start activating it. Promote to a trillion years of lifespan, and create a trillion life module. Once the module is complete, we can truly enter the era of mass production of trillions of years of lifespan. Those people are fighting to the death over there, but the truth is that as long as we collect data, conduct research, and find a pattern, we can mass produce them. That's something that those people can't compare to." Wen Hong knew exactly what they were after.

"Module, assemble!" RUMBLE! Everyone began to assemble their knowledge and power.

As they did, a huge module appeared in the air. The module was layered, and had a very solid foundation. It contained countless powers and transformations that interacted and rotated. Then, as the data was analyzed, it transformed into something that first entered Lou Baiyue's body, then entered Wen Hong's and Zhuge Ya's bodies.

At this moment, Lou Baiyue's body trembled. An extremely powerful force was immediately released from the depths of her heart. This force could almost destroy the heavens and the earth. It was supreme and supreme, and it could completely destroy and break through everything.

Then, this force was transformed into lifespan and began to gather in her body. Then, her lifespan almost effortlessly reached more than 900 billion years of lifespan. There was almost no bottleneck.

In order to reach 900 billion years of lifespan, Zhou Qin and the others had to go through countless times of preparation and countless life and death situations to reach this level. But now, after Lou Baiyue and the others established the module, they directly advanced without any tribulations or disasters.

Only when they began to reach the trillion years of lifespan, a large amount of data in the air began to become chaotic.

It seemed that the data condensed by the module had encountered some kind of virus and began to collapse.

"This is the tribulation."

When Lou Baiyue saw the chaotic flow of data, she knew that it was caused by her breaking through to the trillion years of lifespan.

However, there was no fear on her face. Instead, she looked very relaxed. Her body also began to turn into a huge stream of data. As the data flowed, it violently attacked and destroyed all the data of the virus. In the final moment, Lou Baiyue's cultivation base easily broke through the trillion boundary. It was not as difficult as it was for Chen Qi and the others to advance. This was a very common principle. After all, their research was much more profound than Chen Qi's.

"Then I'll start my advancement."

Wen Hong seemed to have gained some enlightenment. "That's how tribulations work. According to logic, the life forms that appear in this world are nothing more than data. Countless streams of data come together to form the combination of the soul and the body. The tribulations are all data, and the data corrodes us. When we die, it's because some sort of natural law has been disturbed. Life is just the law of the flow of data. " In an instant, he also began to advance.

As long as one comprehended a certain principle, their lifespan and cultivation base would advance very quickly. This was because in the depths of everyone's heart, there was boundless energy and spirit force.

As long as one understood how to use and output spirit force, they would be able to unleash an omnipotent effect. This was the true meaning of cultivation.

Right now, this group of people had truly grasped the secrets of human life and cultivation. They had completely turned into data. Data and data were constantly changing and had their own fixed laws. Once these data were destroyed and corroded, the structure of the human body would change. Either they would die or they would mutate. Everything was a change in the law of data.

When Wen Hong's lifespan reached 900 billion and was about to break through to the trillion years, he also encountered a tribulation. That tribulation was still the law of data that destroyed his life. However, with his thorough research, Wen Hong was able to easily suppress this calamity. Moreover, the more he advanced, the more familiar he became with it.

Because as more people advanced, the more perfect the data became, and the more he could find the law. After Wen Hong advanced to the trillion years of lifespan, Zhuge Ya also advanced. The strength of this group once again stood at the peak.

At this moment, in the void, the flesh egg also started to activate some kind of mysterious energy. That woman who was about to incubate the flesh egg actually gradually fused into the flesh egg, becoming one with it. However, she didn't die and her aura seemed to grow increasingly stronger.

And at this moment, many experts with 500-600 billion, 300-700 billion, and so on all made their moves.

But in an instant, this flesh egg emitted an aura that enveloped these experts. After that, with a flash, they completely disappeared.

This tribulation had completely passed. At the cost of the deaths of many supreme characters, two inconceivable worlds had also disappeared. nt Remember the mobile version's website: M.