Chapter 865
===========

One Second to Remember 09, to provide you with exciting reading. Chapter 862: A Heaven-Defying Being

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation The Immortal Master and Patriarch Heaven and Earth watched as Gu Chensha pulled the 360 Heavenly Venerable puppets out of the void. The puppets struggled violently, but they still turned into an essay and fused into the Dragonless Heart Sutra essay.

The Dragonless Heart Sutra seemed to contain all civilization, creation, cultivation, enlightenment, primordial spirit, and principles. Everything could be comprehended from the Dragonless Heart Sutra.

This heart sutra was the general outline of all things, the source of all Daos, the heart of cultivation, and the foundation of immortality.

The 360 Heavenly Venerable puppets were broken down and melted just like that, becoming a part of the Dragonless Heart Sutra. The Immortal Master and Patriarch Heaven and Earth sensed that Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra seemed to be much more complete in an instant.

"The creation of Heavenly Venerable puppets. I see. The prehistoric civilization is indeed impressive. They actually grasped some loopholes in the Heavenly Dao and created a miraculous path."

Gu Chensha said, "The creation techniques are very useful to me. This is indeed my blessed land. With this, the difficulty of becoming a Heavenly Venerable has decreased even more." Gu Chensha kept the Dragonless Heart Sutra essay into his body and strolled forward once again.

"This isn't the center of the relic. I have to find the core system of the relic. After refining it, I can control the entire relic and obtain the true crystallization of the prehistoric civilization's wisdom."

Gu Chensha said to the Immortal Master, "The 360 Heavenly Venerable puppets just now were just the first line of defense.

There will be even more powerful killing moves after that. If I'm not wrong, I'm afraid I'll meet some old acquaintances next. These old acquaintances also want to obtain the prehistoric civilization's relic. They might even be afraid that I'll obtain it. "

The old acquaintances that Gu Chensha mentioned could be some Heavenly Kings, as well as the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tian Sha, or some other powerful existences.

Gu Chensha knew that the Emperor Of Heaven was watching his every move. If he got his hands on the prehistoric civilization's system, all of the Emperor Of Heaven's advantages would be gone. Then, he would be at a disadvantage, and Gu Chensha would slowly nibble away at him.

Therefore, the Emperor Of Heaven would never allow himself to obtain the system of this prehistoric civilization, or even the crystallization of all its wisdom. He continued walking and left the square.

After passing through the square, he came to another space. This space was also very vast. In the center was a huge altar. Above the altar floated light balls that looked like stars. Each light ball was only the size of a firefly, but it could be seen that within these light balls, many living beings were flourishing. They were all using the hands of technological civilization to develop the world.

"These balls of light are agents chosen by the system. These agents rule their respective worlds, develop their technological civilizations, and condense the fate of a nation. They will break through space and gather here, forming many balls of light. The balls of light here are as vast as the stars. This means that the system has already taken control of many worlds." Gu Chensha observed carefully.

He found that the light balls were different in color. Some were white, which was a Minor Chiliocosm. Some were green, which was a Medium Chiliocosm. Some were pure gold, which was a Major Chiliocosm. Some were purple-gold, which was the peak of the Major Chiliocosm.

In the space-time turbulence, countless worlds had been infiltrated by the prehistoric civilization's system.

"Are those the many continents in the Heaven Realm?"

Gu Chensha saw that among these star-like light balls, there were also light balls that were fiery red. That color represented the many continents in the Heaven Realm.

In the Heaven Realm, there were countless continents. Apart from the Four Wilds and the Divine Prefecture, there were many places like the Inferno Continent. The population of those continents could easily reach hundreds of billions, or even trillions. If all the people in the Heaven Realm were to be counted, it would be an indescribable number. And many of these continents had been infiltrated by the system, and it had cultivated agents there.

"Found it. This is the Divine Prefecture, the fate of our Yongchō."

Gu Chensha's eyes instantly locked onto the most dazzling existence in the light ball. This light ball was a ball of fire, crimson in color. It could burn everything. Within this ball of fire, the Divine Land, the Heavenly Craftsman Institution, and all the creatures that used the technological and civilized items created by the Heavenly Craftsman Institution could be vaguely seen.

This was the fate that the system had stolen. After so many years, it was unknown how much fate it had stolen.

Of course, this was the result of Gu Taxian's tacit approval. Gu Taxian had established the Celestial Designer Institution to borrow the prehistoric technology to fuse with the immortal dao civilization. In his view, the prehistoric technology had its own merits, and couldn't be abandoned. That was why he had allowed the system to steal the fate of the nation. This was also part of his plan.

"This fate belongs to our Yongchō, and it surpasses all other worlds. Even worlds with trillions of people, their fate and power of worship can't compare to our Yongchō."

Gu Chensha's eyes swept over, and he nodded inwardly. This was the benefit of the Divine Prefecture. After occupying it, the fate of the Divine Prefecture's imperial court would surpass that of other nations.

The Dragonless Heart Sutra once again appeared above his head. From the outside, the Dragonless Heart Sutra looked like a text. Wherever the text reached, living beings, the void, matter, and even all tangible and intangible entities would be affected by the text, and would experience transcendence and freedom.

Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra actually surpassed all daoist techniques and martial arts, and was even superior to the Son of Heaven's God Bestowal Art. Gu Chensha had absorbed so much knowledge and experience that it was impossible to say how much knowledge he had gained. If the System of the One God was the highest intelligence of the previous mechanical civilization, then the Dragonless Heart Sutra was the crystallization and enlightenment of the cultivation civilization of this era.

Gu Chensha's acquisition of the system's knowledge was tantamount to combining the highest intelligence of two civilizations. That was how he could replace the Emperor Of Heaven and reform the dao of heaven.

Right now, he was going to absorb all of the qi flow in this place, and then slowly consume the system.

As he entered deeper into the ruins, he had previously collected 360 Empyrean level puppets and gained enlightenment on how to create Empyrean level puppets. This further improved his Dragonless Heart Sutra, and as a result, his confidence in obtaining these ruins was much higher. Even as he was collecting the glowing spheres, a mist sprang up, and the spheres vanished.

The will of the system couldn't possibly allow Gu Chensha to collect the qi flow that he had worked so hard to accumulate, so it activated some other ability.

"You want to hide? I'll just dig out everything inside of you. Let's see what you can do to me.

After all, you're just a system, and you haven't recovered yet. Let's see how many tricks you have up your sleeve. "

Gu Chensha made a grasping motion, causing space-time to freeze. The glowing spheres were pulled out of the mist, and were just about to fall into his hand.

Suddenly, a resplendent holy light descended, cutting off the connection between Gu Chensha and the glowing spheres.

Then, the holy light condensed into a form. It was a white-robed young man, and he also held a crooked scepter in his hand. There was also a scripture in his hand, and there were countless holy hymns being sung on it. This wasn't a golem, but a mark left behind by an almighty figure from a previous civilization.

The white-robed young man's aura was profound, but it didn't fit in with the current world. Gu Chensha could see that if he weren't in the ruins of this warship, he would likely suffer a backlash from the Heavenly Daos the moment he stepped out, causing devastating damage and becoming a tonic for the Heavenly Daos.

"This is the highest carrier of a civilization. You are also a Heaven-Defier, an existence that isn't willing to be bound by the Heavenly Daos. We can join hands and accomplish many great things.

We shouldn't attack each other, otherwise we won't have any hope of transcending. "The white-robed young man's mechanical voice was still devoid of any emotion.

"Of course we can cooperate. I came here today to seek cooperation. My Dragonless Heart Sutra is the highest crystallization, and you also have something similar. How about we exchange and make up for each other's losses?"

Gu Chensha said calmly, "This is the most intimate cooperation possible. Our knowledge will be combined, and both sides will receive a great boost. Since you want to cooperate, let's start the exchange." "Exchange?"

The white-robed young man laughed, "No, no, no … the value of your body is far inferior to ours. If we exchange, we'll suffer a great loss. The exchange I'm talking about is for you to immediately sacrifice your Yongchō to us and develop our civilization. That way, all of the Nation's Fate will be gathered in our system. That way, we can protect you from being killed by the Heavenly Daos. Your current strength is too weak, and you can die at any time. That's why you need our protection."

"Looks like you don't have any sincerity." Gu Chensha shook his head, "You're struggling at death's door under the destruction of the Heavenly Daos.

You don't even dare to enter the Heavenly Realm, playing dead in the Primal Chaos. If you're sincere, I can cooperate with you. For example, you can hand over all of the worlds you control to us, the Tranquil Immortal Department, to manage. The power of sacrifice will definitely be millions of times greater than if you manage it yourself. Also, hand over all of your technological civilizations to me, and then refine this system for me. After I defeat the Heavenly Daos, I'll resurrect you all. " "Looks like we can't come to an agreement?"

The white-robed young man stared at Gu Chensha for a long time, then said, "Only by trapping you here, extracting your source, and then taking control of your Divine Prefecture and the Imperial Court, do you really think that with your current cultivation, you can obtain the crystallization of our wisdom in these ruins?" "Then let's give it a try."

Gu Chensha moved his palm, and immediately, the Dragonless Heart Sutra expanded again, sweeping towards the white-robed young man. Mobile users, please browse M. Read for a better reading experience.