Chapter 495
===========

Gu Tanjian wouldn't cooperate with Wu Dangkong to deal with the Tranquil Immortal Department. From his point of view, the Tranquil Immortal Department was becoming more and more mysterious. It would be difficult to deal with them. He would make other plans after his plan with Wudang Xing came to fruition.

Moreover, he was more than happy for Wu Dangkong to deal with the Tranquil Immortal Department first. It would be best if both sides suffered heavy losses and he could take advantage of the situation.

"If you don't follow me to deal with the Tranquil Immortal Department, then don't take advantage of me at the most crucial moment."

How could Wu Dangkong not understand Gu Tanjian's thoughts? "I know you have the Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor behind you. However, these two great existences are still slightly weaker than the Xing Qiong Clan." "Let's talk this out. Don't be so distant."

Gu Xuansha came out to smooth things over. "I feel that the Tranquil Immortal Department will be a little troublesome to deal with. Why don't we capture the scholar who caused trouble first? This way, it will make one thing clear. The Tranquil Immortal Department won't be able to protect the person that you, Wu Dangkong, want to kill. This will be a huge blow to the Tranquil Immortal Department.

Have you forgotten that Imperial Father once left a Death Immunity Talisman for the Tranquil Immortal Department? After that, many Sages attacked it, but they couldn't do anything to it.

Now, the Tranquil Immortal Department still has a token that says' I am here personally '. How do you know that this token doesn't have any divine power? "

"That Buddhist Sect's successor is called Qin Han. I have already investigated his identity. This person once went up the mountain to travel and arrived at a run-down temple. He obtained a small tattered Buddha statue and actually managed to achieve some cultivation. The world is about to change. People like him will be as common as carps crossing the river in the future."

Gu Tanjian was well-informed. He rolled his eyes and seemed to be very interested in the successor of the Buddhist Sect.

"Gu Tanjian, you can't be thinking of obtaining that treasure of the Buddhist Sect, right?"

Wu Dangkong sneered. "If you have such thoughts and want to snatch the thing in my hands, then I will definitely not let you go."

Gu Shengjian's gaze also turned cold. "Wu Dangkong, you seem to be getting more and more tyrannical. After all, we are working together with the World Alliance. You don't have to be so overbearing. If that's the case, we won't be able to fight.

Hehe, the Buddha statue that Qin Han activated was not a magical treasure, but a body left behind by a Sage-level expert of the Buddhist Sect in ancient times. It had the magical effect of suppressing supreme evil spirits and dispelling evil curses. It was the nemesis of all demonic cultivators and could even eliminate witchcraft.

If I can get my hands on this shell, even if I don't fuse it with my own body, I can still infuse it with spiritual energy. Over time, I can cultivate it into an Avatar that can suppress an area!

The Shedded Golden Body of a Buddhist giant is even more magical than the body of a god. It is equivalent to a supreme armor. "

After the experts of the Buddhist Sect perished, they paid particular attention to the emptiness of everything.

The bodies left behind did not have their own power and will, but the bodies left behind by gods had supreme divine power, and ordinary experts could not occupy them at all.

After obtaining the bodies of the experts of the Buddhist Sect, it was best to refine them into puppets that had great power.

Gu Tanjian already knew what happened in Sin State City. Naturally, he coveted the body of the ancient Buddhist Sect giant.

"Alright, since you are like this, I will suppress you now."

A strong murderous intent appeared in Wu Dangkong's eyes. He suddenly stood up and was about to attack Gu Tanjian. "Let me see if The Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor behind you can protect you!"

"Hehe, then come at me." Gu Chanjian didn't think much of it. He felt that Wu Dangkong was just bluffing.

"Don't fight. Everything can be discussed. We are still the World Alliance." Crown Prince Gu Xuansha frowned. He also felt that Wu Dangkong had been too unyielding recently.

Of course, in his opinion, if he did not fight back forcefully, the gap between him and the Calming Deity Department would only grow. In a few years, even the world would only know about the Calming Deity Department, but not him, the crown prince, and the Upper Study.

"Wu Dangkong, let's fight for the body of the Buddhist Sect giant with our own abilities." Gu Tanjian's body disappeared just like that. He did not want to be entangled with Wu Dangkong here.

"Hmph!"

Wu Dangkong did not hide his murderous intent at all. He stared at Gu Tanjian. "It is just a puppet controlled by The Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor. It will die in the hands of these two Demon Gods sooner or later." "This is a serious matter. I will not disturb you." Gu Xuansha also hurriedly bid farewell and left. He felt that Wu Dangkong was becoming more and more dangerous.

After Gu Xuansha left, Wu Dangkong suddenly asked the void, "I can use the Divine Continent Innumerable Ferocious Armor to break the sphere of the Calming Deity Department, right?"

A voice came from the void. It was Xing Qiongshi. "With your current cultivation, you can only use the Divine Continent Innumerable Ferocious Armor once. It is better not to use it recklessly.

Furthermore, that sphere does indeed have the power to kill me. You've underestimated that golden token. The Heavenly Talisman Di Gu Stepping on Immortals is an existence that even I can't comprehend. Your Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman still contains his distorting power.

"I do not believe that he is invincible." Wu Dangkong said angrily, "If that is the case, he does not need to disappear."

"I am also trying to unravel the secrets within. However, we are merely partners. I am using you to research the Heaven Sacrificial Decree.

The talisman itself is a tentacle of the Heavenly Dao. It contains boundless profundities and might. In the past, there was no way I could comprehend it. But now that it has been distorted by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian, there is a flaw in it. This is the best opportunity for you to comprehend it. "

Qin Wentian also had no idea where Xing Qiongshi was. He was extremely far away and seemed to be in the depths of the chaotic flows of time and space. "However, the body of the Buddhist Sect is extremely useful to you. If you can obtain it and fuse it into the Divine Continent Innumerable Ferocious Armor, you won't need to use too much strength to activate it." "I must obtain that body no matter what."

Wu Dangkong's killing intent grew denser and denser. "Xing Qiongshi, can you give me more support and help me raise my cultivation base?

I already know the secret of the Dharma Saint's return. It's rumored that the Dharma Saint has already mastered the nine levels of the True Dragon Art. As for me, I'm currently stuck at the fifth level of the True Dragon Art. Not only that, I'm also a supreme genius. Even that Gu Tanjian already has the talent to become an innate sage. "

"The Dharma Saint's cultivation base is extremely tyrannical. He wants to comprehend the Heavenly Dao, but how can it be so simple? However, it's also extremely difficult for me to kill the Dharma Saint now. After he was reborn, he has already surpassed the Sage Realm. If not, the Great Spirit God and the Witch Ancestor would have already done something to him." Xing Qiongshi seemed to know the truth of many things.

"The Great Spirit God and the Witch Ancestor are working together. They're both scheming against each other." Wu Dangkong wanted to know the secrets of some of the big shots.

"The Great Spirit God will eventually fall into the Witch Ancestor's trap. The Great Spirit God has something on him that the Witch Ancestor wants. Only by devouring The Great Spirit God will the Witch Ancestor be able to recover. He won't be struggling at death's door like he is right now.

The Great Spirit God is using the most important thing on him to tempt the Witch Ancestor. When the time comes, he'll devour him and become the strongest. "

Xing Qiongshi continued, "Be careful of the Great Spirit God. He's so crafty that even I can't take him lightly. In the Primordial Era, he took advantage of many of the ancient Heavenly Sons, and even the death of the ancient Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, had something to do with him."

"I know that you have always wanted to get the World Burial Coffin that Jiang Gongwang left behind. That Zhuge Ya also thinks that he can inherit it and wants to get it from the chaotic flow of time. But how can I let him do that?

You are already strong now, so if you get the World Burial Coffin, you will probably ascend to the heavens. "

Wu Dang Kong laughed coldly. "I just happen to want to pluck the peaches and make the World Burying Coffin mine. I've already made preparations for this. Jiang Qi, come out." Sou! A silhouette appeared here.

This person was a young man who wore a black outfit. He was tall and had long arms. He was really handsome and one could see that his bloodline was really strong. This young man was roughly 24 or 25 years old.

This man's cultivation was at Dao Realm Transformation Seven, Leaving the Ground and Soaring Sky. He was able to freely release and retract his Xiantian Earth Energy, combining strength and softness to fly in the air. Such cultivation was around the level of a Governor and he was a rare talent.

"Greetings, Goddess." The young man knelt down on one knee and bowed towards Wu Dangkong.

"Rise."

Wudang Kong pointed at the young man, Jiang Qi, and said to Xing Qiongshi, "This man is a direct descendant of Jiang Gongwang, and his bloodline is extremely dense. I've searched for many years among the commoners, and found many people who claimed to be descendants of the Jiang Clan. Only then did I discover this man.

"He is indeed the bloodline of the ancient Lord of Seven Star Jiang Gongwang and it is really pure. It seems like you have many plans."

Xing Qiongshi's voice spread into his ears once more, "Since you have a plan, then I want to see how far you can go."

"I hope that you can purify this child's bloodline once again and increase his cultivation base. With your strength, you are completely capable of doing this. You are an existence even more tyrannical than the three great Celestials. Things that ordinary gods and saints cannot do, you can completely ignore," Wudang Kong said.

"No matter how strong I am, there is still a gap between me and the Heaven Dao. But if you don't use this talisman, then that kid will find out. That kid, Gu Chensha, is much stronger than you. Interesting, interesting. Since that is the case, then let me help you." Xing Qiongshi suddenly had an idea and a black hole appeared in the air. The black hole fiercely sucked Jiang Qi in. Within the black hole, Jiang Qi was being broken down, smashed, and then reformed.

"God Prefecture Body!"

When Wu Dang Kong caught sight of that, his face was filled with jealousy, "To think that you would forge a Divine Continent Dharmic Body for him. That's the highest secret skill that you've been rumored to have for attaining your Dao. The Divine Central Plains is the center of the Endless Mainland, and there are countless secrets within it. Since the ancient times, no one has been able to decipher the secrets of the Divine Central Plains."