Chapter 527
===========

Gu Chensha really took the risk and swallowed the Mutated Pill.

However, this was not considered a risk for him. This was because he had learned the Seventy-two Divine Prefecture Great Technique, obtained some of the Xing Qiong Clan's memories, and cultivated the Heavenly Dao Technique. Moreover, he had obtained many talismans and treasures through swindling over the past few days and let the Tree of Desire devour the World Energy, causing the embryonic form of the God of Desire to condense on the tree. This way, he was very confident.

The talismans that Gu Chensha had obtained contained the god power of The Great Spirit God, the god power of Martial Emperors, the saint power of Martial Sages, etc. Under the power of the Heaven Dao Technique, they were all devoured. These powers gathered into a huge wave that could evolve the Tree of Desire once again.

The evolving Tree of Desire gave Gu Chensha confidence. He was confident that after swallowing the Mutated Pill and digesting it, he would turn it into his own resources and break through to the Mutated Dao. A huge tribulation arrived.

However, Gu Chensha was not afraid at all in the tribulation. He let out a long laugh, "Hahaha … these tribulations are really good stuff. They can help me refine my body. Instead, they are energy for the Wish Tree to absorb."

"Tribulations are used by the Heavenly Dao to kill existences that break the balance. I've cultivated the Heaven Dao Technique, so the tribulations can't kill master." Gu Chensha used the Tree of Desire and started to absorb the tribulations. Hong long long! The huge tribulations were also a wave of energy and were all absorbed by the Tree of Desire. In the depths of the Tree of Desire, a brand new life essence started to brew. Gu Chensha, on the other hand, was slowly absorbing the energy and information within the elixir.

'As expected, this pill contains Xing Qiongshi's deepest comprehension of the Dao of Deviants. In fact, it's so heaven-defying that it could even turn his subordinates into Deviants. Sadly, although Xing Qiongshi's heart is higher than the Heavens, his strength is still far too inferior compared to the Heavenly Daos.' Gu Chensha sighed in his heart as he sensed the boundless stream of thoughts and comprehensions.

To many people, Xing Qiongshi was the biggest overlord in the world, but compared to the Heavenly Dao, it was nothing.

At the very least, the Xing Qiong Clan's power couldn't compare to the Primordial Dragon Sect, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, and the Primordial Meng Tree.

Even the saber energy in the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd on the Primordial Meng Tree could destroy his physical body.

Of course, to Gu Chensha, the Xing Qiong Clan was still a divine dragon, an ant. The current Gu Chensha couldn't compare to it. However, this didn't stop the ant that was Gu Chensha from quietly chewing on the divine dragon's flesh.

As he operated, Gu Chensha abruptly accepted this huge stream of thoughts. The vast information and will washed over his every thought.

If it were any other expert, they would have had a nervous breakdown and dissipated from the world. However, Gu Chensha could receive almost endless information. Moreover, he had the help of the Wishing Tree.

The vast amount of information and medicinal power contained in the Heaven-Defying Mutability Pill fused perfectly with his body. He kept squirming in his body, and his body gave off an aura and smell that did not blend with the world. However, his magic power was very compatible with the world. Divergents were existences that resisted the heavens and the earth, resisting the Great Dao. And the Heavenly Dao itself was the authority of the Heavenly Dao. These two powers were perfectly manifested in Gu Chensha's body.

In other words, Gu Chensha's mind was close to that of a divergent, and he was controlling the authority of the Heavenly Dao. This was almost equivalent to a successful rebellion.

However, Gu Chensha had not truly become a divergent. He had only taken a step further on the path of enlightenment, and could touch upon the principles of divergent at any time. Another month passed.

"Hahaha!"

Gu Dusha suddenly changed, turning into a dark cloud that covered the entire grotto-heaven. The dark cloud absorbed the energy from an unknown dimension, twisting and changing. In the end, it turned into a downpour, falling down, covering the entire space inside the grotto-heaven. Then, it was absorbed by the soil.

"Heavenly Dew."

Zhuge Ya said, "This condensed Heavenly Dew already has half of the effect of the real thing. Using it to nourish the grotto-heaven, or even the Lesser Divine Prefecture, will probably far surpass the Mystic Immortal Dao." Whoosh! Gu Chensha returned to his human form.

"This Heaven-Defying Divergent Pill refined by the Xingqiong clan is truly amazing!"

Gu Chensha's cultivation level did not increase, and he was still at the Myriad River of Twenty-Two Transformations. However, the density and subtlety of his magic power were many times greater than before, and he could almost no longer feel the call of the Heavenly Dao. This way, he could fully unleash his power.

Originally, the Heavenly Dew he condensed in the Lesser Divine Prefecture only had a tenth of its effect, but now it had half of the true Heavenly Dew's power. If he used this rain on the common people, the plants and flowers would probably become sentient.

Generally speaking, plants and flowers would gain spirituality after being nourished by spirit qi in a spirit gathering formation for many years, and they would flourish.

Many of the Heavenly Dew's functions were not something spirit qi could compare to, and even immortal qi could not compare to it. The Heavenly Dew contained certain characteristics of the Heavenly Dao's creation.

Back then, a large part of the reason why Gu Chensha was able to cultivate quickly and make up for his foundation was because he had consumed large amounts of Heavenly Dew, which allowed him to quickly master the Son of Heaven Investiture Art and increase the concentration of the Sun-Moon Dragon Blood, which laid a solid foundation.

Now that Gu Chensha was circulating his magic power and turning it into dark clouds, the torrential rain actually had half the effect of the Heavenly Dew. Even a Sage would be horrified to see this.

"My god, this is even more powerful than the mystiques of our Azure Dragon clan." The little azure dragon opened its mouth wide and gurgled, fiercely absorbing the "Half Dew" of the torrential rain.

In the past, Gu Chensha had named it "Little Heavenly Dew", but now it seemed like it should be called "Half Dew". The Heavenly Dew was especially nourishing for divine beasts.

The Azure Dragon clan itself was the highest crystallization of Connate First and Second Wood Qi. Wherever an Azure Dragon lived, all the plants and trees would be divinized, but this could not compare to directly watering the Heavenly Dew.

Even the three Heavenly Venerables could not be so extravagant as to use the Heavenly Dew to water the plants and trees.

"Shua!"

The All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel in Gu Chensha's hand was activated, infusing it with magic power. The cudgel directly stabbed into the void, and then with a tremor, a large piece of space shattered, turning into liquid.

In the past, Gu Chensha had to instill magic power into the cudgel to activate it, and he could only use it a few times. But now, he could casually wave it around, shattering it. Almost no one below the Deity realm could do anything to him.

"The All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel is indeed a treasure that the God of Strength had painstakingly forged."

Gu Chensha stroked the cudgel. "This cudgel does not have the ability to refine magic treasures, nor does it have the ability to protect its owner. It will not emit any formation. The only thing it can do is strike, shatter, destroy, and battle. It only has one function, but this is the best. If I am one with the cudgel, I will be invincible. "

Gu Chensha had long since analyzed the various magic treasures. In terms of manufacturing, nurturing, nurturing, speed, and defense, the Three Realms Seal, the Buzhou Palace, and the Little Monk's Pagoda all surpassed the All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel.

As a sect, any one of these items had functions that surpassed the All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel. For example, the Three Realms Seal could absorb the power of the void and suppress the heavens. The Buzhou Palace could create countless treasures. When a disciple of the Little Monk's Pagoda entered, they would be cleansed by the chanting within. When the scriptures within the Pagoda were activated, they could refine inner demons and demons into guardian vajras.

Only the All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel could shatter the cosmos with a single strike. Disciples could not activate it, nor could they nurture it. It could only be used for battle.

But in Gu Chensha's hands, this magic treasure could obtain great power. With Gu Chensha's current strength, coupled with this treasure, just based on battle strength alone, even if Gu Chensha did not use the power of the Life's Wish sphere, practically no one below the Deity realm could kill him.

Originally, before he swallowed the Heaven Defying Mutability Pill, he was a little afraid of 27, 28, and 29 Transformations experts.

But now that his intelligence had increased and his vision had broadened, he felt that those three transformations weren't that scary anymore. Only the Deity realm was something he couldn't do anything about.

But he could break through at any moment. For example, he could break through to the 23rd Dao Realm Transformation, Past Reflection. His soul power would change, or he could break through to become a Divergent. That would be a huge change. Now, the possibility of him breaking through was much higher than Jing Qiu's.

"I have left some of the things I comprehended from the Heaven Defying Mutability Pill in the Wish Tree. Mr. Zhuge, Baiyue, and The Fourth can all comprehend them." Gu Chensha pointed at the Wish Tree.

The information he obtained from the Heaven Defying Mutability Pill was too huge and he couldn't accept it directly. Even if it was Zhuge Ya, his mind would probably explode and his spiritual power would go berserk.

Only a sick person like Gu Chensha, who cultivated the Heaven Path Technique, could accept such a huge amount of information. Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, and the others had to understand, digest, and refine it. Even the Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Xuanwu couldn't accept it.

Gu Chensha's body moved once more and he flew out of the Common People's Wish Ball. He changed slightly and when he breathed, he felt like the ball's power was everywhere.

Although he didn't have any talismans to protect him, the power to summon the ball at any moment was much stronger than those talismans.

"After this round of refinement, I have refined all the messy talismans with ulterior motives. There aren't any hidden dangers, and I feel really refreshed. Next, I have to do something big. I have to contact Martial Emperor and Wu Dangkong and quickly activate this big event. I have to obtain the Martial Saint's Cave as soon as possible."

Gu Chensha knew that there were two big events at the moment. The most important one was obviously the 'World Burial Coffin'. However, before obtaining the 'World Burial Coffin', it would be great if he could obtain the Martial Saint's Cave, steal the world's power, and suppress and refine a few Deity level experts. His chances of success would be much higher.

After he came out, he transformed into Wudang Xing. At this moment, his transformation was even more exquisite. It was truly flawless and had no flaws.

At this moment, he went to look for Wu Dangkong and explained the intentions of the Wu Clan's nine Deity level experts.