Chapter 602
===========

"This person is the Longevity God?

If my guess is correct, although he has concealed himself very well, it is impossible for him not to be discovered by me. I can even detect traces of a Warlock Saint, let alone a god-level Warlock. "

Gu Chensha used the Heaven Path Technique to observe and noticed that this hidden God Realm cultivator had the cultivation techniques of the ancient Longevity God and Blessing God. How rich was Gu Chensha's knowledge?

He absorbed all the memories of Jiang Gongwang and Chang Yuzhou. Apart from that, he also absorbed all the knowledge and experiences of Martial Emperors. These were all peak experts of the Dao Realm 36 Transformations. With the accumulation of knowledge, Gu Chensha pretty much knew all sorts of cultivation techniques.

Especially the ancient True God cultivation techniques. Although he didn't learn all of them, he knew about their characteristics.

Especially the Longevity God and Blessing God, they were the subjects of many ancient Emperors and had a close relationship with Jiang Gongwang.

In the second and third rate immortal sects, there were a few powerful figures. Among them, Calming Chaos was number one. This person's cultivation was close to that of a saint. He had already reached the pinnacle of the 32 transformations "One Thought to Connect the Heavens". However, due to his lack of talent, he could not condense the "Saint Heart of Truth". Moreover, Calming Chaos created the "Chaos Conquering Art", which could mediate the universe and activate the mysteries of creation. However, while Calming Chaos was the strongest, Longevity God was the most mysterious.

It was just like the Titan God and the Titan God. Of the two true gods, the Titan God had swept through the Three Realms, crushed all living things with his staff, and was the strongest of all gods. However, he still died. The Great Spirit God was the craftiest and survived until now.

"This Longevity God's transformation technique is really profound. It seems like it has the same transformation fruit ability as Dou Nineteen? Did Longevity God also eat a transformation fruit?

If that is the case, then this god is really terrifying. Does he want to use this ability to sneak into our Calming Celestial Sector and stir up trouble like me? "

Gu Chensha knew that to the various factions, the most terrifying thing was not one's cultivation but one's transformation ability. For example, Dou Nineteen had caused so much chaos in the Celestial Path Mysterious Sect.

While Longevity God also obtained the Transformation Fruit, his cultivation was much more tyrannical than Dou Nineteen.

By being able to unleash the full prowess of the Transformation Fruit, even a Deity level expert would find it hard to see through his transformation. If it wasn't for the fact that Gu Chensha had cultivated the Heavenly Dao Art, which allowed him to see through all sorts of concealment just like the Heavenly Dao, the others from the Tranquil Immortal Department might really have been fooled. Even Zhuge Ya might not be able to see through it.

Of course, with Zhuge Ya's unparalleled divination technique, he could also find some clues about Longevity God, but he couldn't be as perceptive as Gu Chensha.

"Yesterday, I heard that a cultivator captured a Dao Realm Nine Transformation Bull Head Demon General and exchanged it for many things from Calming Celestial Department."

"That's right. But then again, this Mortal Dragon Pill is simply of the highest quality. After I took one, my Qi became abundant, and my aptitude actually improved slightly. If I can get more, I might be able to break through to the next level." "It is said that the Mortal Dragon Pill contains Dragon Nurturing Energy."

"Right, I heard that the Celestial Path has formed a brand new Celestial Alliance. If we join, we can get many benefits. But I also heard that Calming Celestial Department has built a small continent overseas that has even more benefits. I don't know what to choose." "Let's take a look and see what happens. I feel like the situation is really complicated and joining either side isn't a good thing. "

"Three months ago, an ancient Celestial's treasure appeared in Jiang State's Horseshoe Mountain. Many cultivators fought for it and many died. In the end, Calming Celestial Department appeared to stabilize the situation. However, they didn't take the treasure for themselves and gave it to someone who was fated with it. At the same time, they saved those heavily injured cultivators. They really are generous. "

"Calming Celestial Department has formed a medium-sized world and it is said that they have cultivated a Wish Tree. They mimic some of the characteristics of the Hongmeng Tree and can give birth to many treasures. Why would they be greedy for treasures? But doing so does make us feel really comfortable.

It gives off the aura of a king. Speaking of which, the Imperial Court is getting stronger and stronger. In the future, we will all have to follow the laws. "

"That's not a good thing. We're used to being on our own. If we were to follow the laws, how could we be called cultivators of the Celestial Path?"

"At present, it seems that Calming Celestial Department is very lax. As long as we don't break the law, we can go wherever we want.

But then again, the Central Plains of the Divine Prefecture has always been filled with countless treasures. Every time the Great Tribulation comes, countless treasures will appear. I wonder who will be able to get their hands on them. " Gu Chensha could hear the conversations of many cultivators in the square. Immediately, all sorts of information and customs appeared in his mind.

Some of these cultivators were discussing the policies of the Calming Celestial Department, while others were discussing how to kill the devils together. Some were discussing how to search for the treasures of the Divine Prefecture of the Divine Prefecture.

For example, one day, an ancient well in a certain family would suddenly emit violet gas. Inside was a treasure trove left behind by an ancient Celestial. Many cultivators would try to seize it, but the Calming Celestial Department would suppress them, allowing the original owner of the house to obtain the treasure. There was so much information that no one knew whether it was true or false.

But Gu Chensha knew that ever since the outbreak of the Fiend Calamity, the fortune of the Divine Prefecture of the Divine Prefecture had indeed changed. Many places had unearthed treasures, and countless people and cultivators had obtained fortuitous encounters.

Perhaps a child could obtain a magical treasure while walking on the road, and it would recognize him as its master.

Or perhaps they could play by the pond and fish for treasures. In addition, hoeing the fields at home could also remove the relics of ancient Celestials.

Because of this, the Divine Prefecture of the Divine Prefecture of the Immortal Dao had to fight for. Only on this land could the Son of Heaven appear. Everything else was barbarian.

Hearing this information, Gu Chensha began to understand the position of the Alliance of Myriad Immortals in the eyes of many cultivators. It was qualified enough to compete with the Divine Prefecture of the Divine Prefecture for talents.

"Brother, could it be that you've taken a fancy to the task of killing this devil?

But this devil is difficult to deal with. Since we're at the same realm, why don't we work together? "

Gu Chensha deliberately approached the "Longevity God" and pointed to a task on the stone tablet above the square.

This task was to kill a group of wandering devils, and the leader of this devil was a ruthless character of the Dao Realm Ninth Transformation or Tenth Transformation.

When Longevity God heard that someone came to strike up a conversation with him, a trace of coldness flashed in his eyes, but he didn't show it. He secretly looked at Gu Chensha's cultivation base, and his face softened. "I have the same idea, but where do you cultivate? Let's talk to each other. " "I'm Gui Yiku of the Five Ghosts Sect."

Gu Chensha created an identity for himself. "Decades ago, my Five Ghosts Sect was destroyed by the imperial court. As an Elder of the Five Ghosts Sect, I hid in the Eastern Wasteland and managed to survive.

But now, the imperial court's policy seems to have changed. As long as we don't commit crimes, we can still accommodate devil cultivators. I'm out again.

Recently, when the Fiend Calamity broke out, if I can capture a few tyrannical devils, I can master some of the secret techniques of our Five Ghosts Sect. If you can help me, I will definitely reward you generously. " "Oh? Gui Yiku. "

When Longevity God heard this name, he seemed to be thinking about something. "Decades ago, there seemed to be such a person in the Five Ghosts Sect."

Gu Chensha knew that this Longevity God was knowledgeable, and any random identity wouldn't be able to hide from him. His identity could be investigated.

Longevity God thought about it for a moment and nodded his head. "Brother does have the Five Ghosts Sect's Xiantian Earth Energy, but it has slowly turned to the Dao. It seems like you had a fortuitous encounter."

"Hahaha …" Gu Chensha laughed. "To be honest, Brother Man, I was only at the Seventh Transformation of the Dao Realm seven months ago. However, after entering the Central Divine Continent, I actually obtained half a Heavenly Book and a few immortal pills by chance, allowing me to cultivate the Ninth Transformation Glass Jade Body."

"After the Fiend Calamity, the luck of the Central Divine Region was activated, and all sorts of fortuitous encounters appeared."

Longevity God also sighed. In fact, he had already noticed that this' Ghost Weep 'in front of him had a fortuitous encounter, but why would he care about these fortuitous encounters.

He was a God Realm expert, and even many ancient Immortals who had fortuitous encounters were not as strong as him.

"I saw that when brother landed, you searched around. It seems like you have some success in your cultivation and want to rebuild the Five Ghosts Sect? To rope in a group of talents? "Longevity God said.

"That's what I mean." Gu Chensha's Gui Yiku nodded.

"The Five Ghosts Sect wasn't very big in the past, and now that it has revived, it probably doesn't have any reputation. Moreover, reviving the Five Ghosts Sect doesn't have any benefits for brother. The most important thing now is to use the many fortuitous encounters in the great calamity to improve yourself, and at the same time, join a big force. As the saying goes, it's good to enjoy the shade under a big tree." Longevity God said.

"Oh? I want to hear brother's opinion, which big force is better to join? "Gu Chensha asked.

"In today's world, it's better for us rogue cultivators to join the newly established Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals." Longevity God spared no effort in recommending his own force.

"Oh?" Gu Chensha's face lit up with joy. "Is brother from the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals?" "That's not it."

Longevity God waved his hand. "But I have a friend who has entered the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, so I know the situation there. I came to the Divine Central Continent to look for a fortuitous encounter. If I can get a fortuitous encounter, my cultivation base will be greatly improved, and when I enter the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, my status will be much higher." "I see."

Gu Chensha tentatively said, "But in the past few months of traveling, I found that the imperial court's Calming Immortal Department is also recruiting talents. The treatment offered by the Calming Immortal Department is extremely generous, and the effect of the Human Dragon Pill is better than the ancient spirit pill. Brother, have you never thought of joining the Calming Immortal Department?"

"The Calming Immortal Department has become the target of public criticism, bearing the brunt of the devil disaster. Moreover, it's just a group of small people doing big things. Without a God Realm Ancestor, it's very dangerous.

Since ancient times, no matter how powerful the imperial court is, it's just a flash in the pan, while the Immortal Dao exists forever. "Longevity God quickly tried to change Gu Chensha's mind.