Chapter 380
===========

Gu Chensha sensed how strong the Heaven Talisman Emperor's bloodline was. But this bloodline came and went without a trace. He only activated it for a moment and after that he didn't have the ability to do so anymore. Next, he had to wait for another Spiritual Light.

Luckily, many of the bloodlines in his body were shattered and merged into a new bloodline. It had the strengths of many bloodlines but didn't have any conflicts. It was really close to his Common People Heaven Mending Technique and Common People Heaven Reforming Technique. They were carved from the same mold.

Just like that, his bloodline and the golden pellet technique were the same and all his accumulations were completed.

Gu Chensha's body was one and there were no weaknesses. His physical body was unprecedentedly strong and his golden pellet was unprecedentedly strong.

He used Sun and Moon Shine Together and consumed a lot of his golden pellet. But now, he could replenish it in just a breath. This was the energy produced by his physical body.

"That's good, my talents have improved and I can do a million things at once. I am really strong and can control the golden pellet with ease. Then, only the last step is to merge my body and golden pellet into one and explode. I will gather all the spiritual power and cultivate to the 20th transformation." Gu Chensha's plan was finally completed.

However, to reach the 20th transformation, he needed a huge amount of energy. Gu Chensha decided to get that Emperor Blood as resources to advance. He would be able to obtain spiritual power right away.

Especially since Fa Wuxian said that the Emperor Blood contained the memories of the Dragon Gate and maybe even the complete Dragon Raising Heart Technique, it was even more valuable.

After one cultivated the complete Dragon Raising Heart Technique, even a dumb person could become a genius after a long time. However, after Emperor Wu, the Dragon Raising Heart Technique was lost. This Dragon Raising Heart Technique was brought out from the Dragon Gate.

If he could obtain the memories of the depths of the Dragon Gate, that would be a really amazing thing. It would be able to enrich Gu Chensha's knowledge and help him raise his cultivation. At the same time, his Common People Heaven Repairing Technique would be able to reach a whole new level.

The Common People Heaven Mending Technique had been deduced many times. Although it was magical now, it was still a distance away from those top techniques. It was just that this technique was self-created by Gu Chensha, and it was most suitable for his personality, aura, and spirit. Using it to attack could bring out the greatest effect.

His future path was to constantly absorb all kinds of knowledge and experience, using them as resources to perfect this Dao and push it to the peak.

However, before obtaining the Martial Emperor's blood, Gu Chensha still wanted to kill Fa Wuxian. He could tell that it was not easy to obtain the Martial Emperor's blood. Otherwise, he would have obtained it before Fa Wuxian was injured. He would not have waited until now.

Fa Wuxian had yet to recover, while Gu Chensha's cultivation base had reached a state of perfection. He was only a step away from shattering his Golden Elixir and his physical body, fusing them together, and comprehending the rules. Once one comprehended this kind of law, it would definitely be earth-shattering. Whoosh!

After Gu Chensha shattered many blood meridians and merged them into one, the strength of his physical body increased by another level. The Golden Core circulated vigorously in his body and the energy of the Core was terrifyingly pure.

With a single punch, he blasted away the Tribulations of Wind and Fire that were sweeping towards him. Then, he charged towards Fa Wuxian and punched him again.

"Damn it!"

Fa Wuxian had finally gained the upper hand after scheming. He had used all his intelligence and was about to extract Gu Chensha's blood meridians to complete his plan.

But who would have thought that at this moment, Gu Chensha would actually awaken the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Great Sovereign in his body. This bloodline suppressed all other bloodlines, helping Gu Chensha cultivate a bloodline that was compatible with his own cultivation art. It was also a bloodline that was in line with the Great Dao in his heart.

This way, although Gu Chensha's realm didn't increase, his potential, combat ability, and other qualities all increased tremendously.

"If I didn't have this to rely on, wouldn't I have been tricked by you?" Gu Chensha's fist arrived and attacked. The world was filled with his power.

"All Law Realm!"

Fa Wuxian's body changed again, turning into a ring and allowing Gu Chensha to attack. Now that he had recovered some of his strength, the power was much stronger than before.

Gu Chensha's power killed into the All Law Realm, but it was like a clay ox entering the sea, disappearing without a trace.

"Good!

As expected of Fa Wuxian. Up until now, you still have the strength to fight! "Gu Chensha's body shrunk, and his entire body charged into his All Dharma Realm.

This All Law Realm was a domain formed by Fa Wuxian's magic power. It had the profound principles of devouring life and death, absorbing attacks, crushing all things, shocking the primordial spirit, and breaking all laws. This was also the ultimate art of the Legalism school. The true Omniscient Realm was within the Omniscient Ring.

That was the real Law Realm, the foundation of the Legalism school as the number one Sage family, dominating the divine continent for thousands of years. Now that Fa Wuxian used this move again, he could also block Gu Chensha's attack. Gu Chensha was going all out. He actually charged into the Law Realm and exploded it from within.

"Sun and Moon Shine Together."

The moment he entered, Gu Chensha felt an enormous pressure. Almost everything inside was still and deathly still. If he had his previous cultivation, doing this would only result in death. But now, he was different. He had absolute power. Rumble! He struck out with Sun and Moon Shine Together again.

Endless light exploded from within, immediately destroying the All Law Realm that Fa Wuxian had transformed into.

Fa Wuxian's magic power collapsed and broke into pieces. It took a lot of effort for him to reform in the distance.

"He still isn't dead?" Gu Chensha praised Fa Wuxian's life force. It was even stronger than a cockroach. Even at this stage, he still couldn't kill him.

"Very good. Gu Chensha, you won this time. But next time, you won't be so lucky." Fa Wuxian's reformed body suddenly disappeared. He actually left the cauldron and escaped. This cave abode, cauldron, and Martial Monarch blood were all gone. But he took the Ancient Underworld Relic with him.

"What a guy. He's really willing to part with it."

Gu Chensha didn't chase after him. In his eyes, the cauldron and Martial Monarch blood were more important than Fa Wuxian himself.

The cauldron was the remains of the Dragon Transformation Tower. If it was merged with the All People's Wish Sphere, it could strengthen its power and transform the Touch of Ghostly God into the Heavenly Demon Tree.

This cauldron was ten times more powerful than the Dragon Transformation Tower that Gu Chensha had obtained. It was even more mysterious than the Dragon Gate that he cultivated. It could be said to be an important treasure.

With the Martial Monarch blood, the All People's Wish Sphere would probably take another hundred years to reform.

Not to mention, there were many elixirs, rare herbs, magical treasures, weapons, armors, and puppets stored in the underwater cave. There were eighty-one altars in the underwater cave, and there were huge divine statues and puppets. Gu Chensha had long recognized that these divine statues were Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldiers! With so many Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldiers, they must have been left behind by a Martial Monarch.

Immortal Ming Gu was a subject of a Martial Monarch. After the imperial court was destroyed, he brought the treasures out and built this underwater cave. He cultivated bitterly, but unfortunately, he died.

No matter what, this cave abode was such a big piece of meat. If he didn't swallow it, he would be letting down the imperial court and the Calming Immortal Department.

After estimating the amount of wealth inside, the Tranquil Xian Department would probably become rich again. Eighty-one Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldiers — this was a priceless treasure.

Fa Wuxian discovered this cave abode and didn't move the treasures back to the Legalism Faction. It was possible that he didn't want the Legalism Faction to find out. Although he was a Natural Saint and a top expert in the Legalism Faction, the Legalism Faction was a giant family with thousands of years of history. They were the top family in the God Continent, so they didn't have as many experts as the Jing Family.

Even Fa Wuxian couldn't use the power of the Unified Dharma Cutting Ring. Compared to Gu Chensha, who could use the All People's Wish Sphere, his position was much lower.

Of course, he hid the treasures himself. If he brought them back to the family, he wouldn't get any benefits. Instead, they would be split up by the other giants.

Based on the intel from Gu Chensha's Calming Immortal Department, there were no less than three experts who were above the 30 Dao Realm. There might even be Saints like the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor and Li Wanlong.

The number of other experts was uncountable, and there were even more who had cultivated magic power. As for the other families, they weren't as terrifying as the Legalism Faction. Thinking about it, even the Heavenly Talisman Emperor made the Legalism Faction's female empress. The God Continent's top aristocratic family definitely lived up to its name.

Gu Chensha understood the internal strife within the aristocratic families. It was really cruel and bloody. Maybe the other disciples in the family would hate Fa Wuxian.

Calming Immortal Department was just formed and there weren't many internal strife. Now, everyone was united.

However, if this went on, in a few decades, once they recruited more people, internal strife would be unavoidable. He didn't think about all of this for now. The moment Fa Wuxian left, Gu Chensha looked at the Martial Emperor Blood. He could already see that the Martial Emperor Blood was the core of the pill furnace.

If one didn't refine the five Emperor Blood, one wouldn't be able to control the entire pill furnace.

"Okay, let me see how strong the Martial Emperor Blood that even Fa Wuxian can't shake is.

Fighting with the Martial Emperor's will is also a great form of training. "Gu Chensha suddenly punched up and punched at the Martial Emperor Blood.

When Gu Chensha punched the blood, it immediately released countless rays of light. There were even Immortal Music and Sage Music coming from it. However, it wasn't broken by Gu Chensha. Instead, it started to absorb Gu Chensha's energy.

"Oh? It is indeed extraordinary. "

Gu Chensha had already expected this move. He withdrew his energy to bring out some of the imprints in the five Emperor Blood. He purposely let the five Emperor Blood absorb his energy. That way, he could obtain some memories.

To Gu Chensha, the energy of the Martial Emperor Blood was secondary. The most precious thing was the memories, which contained the secrets of the Great Desolate Eon's Dragon's Gate.

As Gu Chensha retracted and hooked, a wave of incomparable memories surged out from the Five Emperors' Blood and was about to enter his sea of consciousness.

Just as he was about to accept it, he felt a strong sense of danger. He quickly closed his sea of consciousness. However, the memory seemed to want to forcefully enter his sea of consciousness and take over.

"This Martial Emperor Blood wants to take over my body …" Gu Chensha was extremely shocked, "Could it be that the Martial Emperor is not completely dead?"

Boundless memories surged out. Even though Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness had undergone the Grotto-Heaven Ritual and contained a grotto-heaven space, it couldn't withstand it.

"The Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art has reappeared … I have obtained this bloodline and Cultivation Technique. I can comprehend it to perfection. After waiting for so long, this day has finally come …"