Chapter 331
===========

The Skull Ash Demon Emperor didn't expect Gu Chensha to be so strong. He sealed the Skull Ash Demon Emperor right away and he himself wasn't even able to collect the 72 Maha God Generals.

Thus, evil thoughts rose up in him. He wanted to attack Gu Chensha first and then capture him as well.

He was an expert at the Dao Realm 22 Transformation Technique Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth. When he attacked, his palm was extremely quick. The demonic palm covered the sky and ripped apart the heaven and earth. In the blink of an eye, it arrived in front of Gu Chensha and was about to hit him. At that moment, Gu Chensha gave a weird smile. Pula! A sword light appeared behind the Skull Ash Demon Emperor's back.

This sword light was formed by the five of them merging into one. It was as thin as a thread and it attacked from thousands of miles away. One strike could kill everything in the world and control the order of heaven and earth. Five seasons merging into one. God Bloodline. God Laws. Spring, Summer, Summer, Autumn, Winter, Ancient Laws. Spring rain, Summer lightning, Summer sun, Autumn frost, Winter snow. These were the five of them.

Liu Yu and the other four cultivated bitterly and activated the bloodline of the Gods of Five Seasons in their bodies. They also refined the Five Seasons Divine Sword into their primordial spirits with the help of the Life's Wish sphere. Now, they were at the 15th Transformation of the Dao Realm, the Heavenly Eye Suspending Sky. But with this level of cultivation, each of them could kill a Golden Core Great Dao expert. If the five of them merged into one, who knew how terrifying their killing strength would be?

The Five Seasons God Sword was a merger of the Five Seasons Laws and it wasn't metal. After merging it into the soul, one could use the soul to control the sword and slash through spiritual power. The five of them entered the Demon Region and found a chance to strike the Skull Ash Demon Emperor. Ah!

The five merged sword lights pierced through the Skull Ash Demon Emperor's body. It gave out a shocking rage and screamed in pain like it was badly injured.

"A good chance." Gu Chensha waved his hands, and many starlight beams appeared behind him, sweeping above his head. Sou sou sou! The seventy-two Divine General Maha puppets fell into the starlight.

"Let's go! Let's leave this place. "

Gu Chensha laughed heartily, "Skeleton Gray Demon Emperor, thank you for your help. You allowed me to subdue the Skeleton Ding Demon Emperor once again, along with his seventy-two puppets, Divine General Maha."

While they were talking, Gu Chensha was wrapped in a nebula that was a few acres in size and quickly left with Liu Yu and the other four.

He knew how powerful the Skull Ash Demon Emperor was. Even if he joined forces with Liu Yu and the others, it would still be difficult to kill it. Moreover, although he had temporarily suppressed the Skull Ash Demon Emperor in his body, he had not refined it yet. If he were to relax a little, the Skull Ash Demon Emperor would stir up trouble.

Skeleton Demon Emperor's cultivation was at the 21st Transformation of the Dao Realm and his body turned into the Five Elements. It was basically impossible for Gu Chensha to kill and refine him with his own cultivation.

He wanted to return to the Touch of Ghost God and borrow the power of this tree to slowly absorb the Skeleton Demon Emperor and his 72 God Generals Maha.

"Damn it!" The Skull Ash Devil Emperor's injuries had yet to recover, so he didn't dare to give chase.

He heard it from afar, "Skeleton Ash Devil Emperor, our cooperation is still effective. You can come and join me." This was Gu Chensha's temptation again.

After a short while, Gu Chensha had already rushed out of the Demon Area and arrived at the grassland of the Bottomless Sea of Sin. He saw his Touch of Ghost God tree. Now, the tree was getting bigger and bigger. It occupied a radius of close to a hundred miles. With it as the center, the surrounding demonic herbs had all withered as their vitality had been absorbed by the tree.

Zhuge Ya's incarnation was presiding over the cultivation in the tree. It was absolutely safe. It kept absorbing the essence of heaven and earth, the power of the stars, the spiritual energy, the celestial energy, and all kinds of energy from many dimensions. If nothing went wrong, the tree would be able to cover the entire 3,000 miles of the Bottomless Sea of Sin in another year and a half. By then, the Demon Area would instead be the energy source of the tree.

However, by then, the tyrannical experts in the Demon Area, including Demon Overlords, would also appear. It would probably be a more difficult battle.

Gu Chensha landed on the tree. Liu Yu and the others retracted their light and saw Zhuge Ya still presiding over the cultivation in the nest in the middle of the tree.

"Mister, help me!"

When Gu Chensha arrived in front of Zhuge Ya's incarnation, he immediately sat down. His body emitted demonic energy, and the 72 Maha puppets were also ready to make a move.

"Absorb."

Zhuge Ya's incarnation was immediately activated. Suddenly, many tentacles of the Touch of Ghost God appeared and wrapped the 72 Maha Divine Generals, constantly absorbing their essence, qi, and spirit.

These 72 Maha Generals were extremely powerful, and they shouldn't have been so weak. However, they were suppressed by the Skull Ash Devil Emperor's Great Ascension Treasure Retrieving Devil Light, and their master was sealed by the Ancient Dust Sand. Furthermore, Liu Yu and the other four had joined forces to suppress them, so they didn't cause much trouble.

"The five of you, inject your sword qi and destroy the 72 Maha Divine Generals. Kill them and let the Touch of Ghost God absorb their nutrients!" Zhuge Ya's magic power incarnation immediately gave the order.

"Yes!" Liu Yu and the others immediately released their sword qi and started killing. Bang!

A Maha Divine General was killed. In an instant, the nutrients were absorbed, and the Touch of Ghost God became even more powerful.

Following that, Maha Divine Generals were killed one after another. As the nutrients were absorbed, the 28 demons and monsters in the crown of the tree began to evolve, forming the embryonic form of the 28 Star Monarchs.

Massive energy descended, and the tree evolved once again. The vines turned into the color of stars. They were no longer made of wood, but something similar to Star Jade. The entire tree looked like it was dotted with stars, like the Galaxy Tree.

Within this tree, it was like being in the depths of the Star River. One could sense the endless profundities of the vast universe.

Even Gu Chensha, who was the creator of this tree, could feel the wonders of creation. This tree was simply exquisite and had boundless power. It was indeed worthy of being a supreme cultivation technique created by many ancient demon race sages after comprehending the Primordial Chaos Tree. What did the real Primordial Chaos Tree look like? Gu Chensha was very curious and wanted to see it with his own eyes.

However, according to the ancient records, the Primordial Chaos Tree was in the depths of space-time. Furthermore, it had already surpassed space-time. Not only was it in a different dimension from all living beings, but it was also in a different dimension in terms of time. Without great fortuitous encounters, it was impossible to find it.

"These seventy-two Maha Divine Generals contain the remains of Immortals who died in the Demon Realm. Adding them together, they form the number of Earthly Fiends, and their strength is roughly between the 21st and 22nd Transformation. Now that they've been absorbed by the Touch of Ghost-God, the tree's evolution time has been reduced by at least sixty years."

As Zhuge Ya's incarnation spoke, he formed seals with both hands. Immediately, many of the tentacles on the Touch of Ghost God pierced into the various acupoints of Gu Chensha's body.

"Very good."

Borrowing the power of the Touch of Ghost God, Gu Chensha channeled the power of space-time in his body. The space in the depths of his dantian was like a huge millstone that began to spin and grind, trying to refine the skeleton Demon Emperor.

"Kid, it's still too early for you to refine me. However, I didn't expect that your body would contain space. Furthermore, your bloodline and Nascent Divinity are actually fused with the power of space-time?

This is something that even gods can't do. The physical body and Nascent Divinity of ordinary people can't withstand the power of space-time. Forcefully fusing them would only result in death. Yet, you've actually managed to fuse them. Could it be that you've obtained the legendary Heavenly Talisman? No wonder our god sent a prophecy saying that the Heavenly Talisman has appeared. So, it's in your hands? "

In the space-time the size of a room in Gu Chensha's dantian, the skeleton Demon Emperor gathered his body once again in Gu Chensha's dantian. He wasn't injured at all. He unleashed demonic flames in a frenzy to attack the space, trying to break out of the seal.

With Gu Chensha's current cultivation, he could at most restrain the demon. It was impossible for him to refine it. However, if he continued to restrain it, the demon would wreak havoc in his dantian's dantian, making it impossible for him to circulate his Stellar Energy. It would also lower his strength and prevent him from breaking through to the next realm.

The dantian's dantian and consciousness were the two most important parts of a person. If the dantian was not smooth, the blood and spirit would be damaged, and the consciousness would not be able to be replenished.

One had to know that the essence of a person's consciousness and Nascent Divinity were the replenishment of the physical body. Without a physical body, the Nascent Divinity would gradually wither.

Therefore, Gu Chensha couldn't seal the demon in the depths of his dantian for a long period of time.

Otherwise, the demon would devour the Connate Stellar Energy in his dantian to strengthen itself and become a parasite.

But things were different now. With the Ghost-God's Touch and the power of Zhuge Ya's Dharmic Incarnation, Gu Chensha was confident he could quickly refine the demon.

The Ghost-God's Touch had devoured countless monsters' souls. In addition to the seventy-two Divine Generals Maha, the twenty-eight demons, monsters, monsters, and monsters had evolved to possess some of the characteristics of the twenty-eight Demon Gods and Star Sovereigns. The power of the twenty-eight puppets was many times stronger than before.

Aside from that, the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, was the true King of Stars. With him around, the twenty-eight Demon Gods and Star Sovereigns could grow even faster.

"Your Highness, use the Book of Life Mending the Heavens and the Book of Life Reforming. Use your Nascent Divinity and Stellar Energy to refine the demon's magic. I'll help you. With the demon's power, you'll definitely be able to increase your cultivation!

You'll reach the peak of the seventeenth transformation, the Dao-Splitting Division, and even the Golden Core of the eighteenth transformation, "said Zhuge Ya.

"I'll use my own will to refine the demon. Mister Zhuge, you don't need to interfere. Fighting with the demon's will is also a pleasure." Gu Chensha laughed. "Even if it takes a bit more time, I can completely refine my own will."

"That's fine. Your Highness has such ambitions, and I'm happy to oblige. But time waits for no one. The Second Prince has already become the Crown Prince and returned to the court. The monsters are also building the Nethermetal Fortress and preparing to break through the seal and descend upon the Land of Infinity.

Apart from that, the Demon Race, the Barbarian Race, and the Immortal Dao Sect are also planning something. The Great Might Dynasty is gathering overseas, and Your Highness can't waste too much time here. "Zhuge Ya's profound wisdom saw through everything.

"It is precisely because of such a harsh situation that my potential can be stimulated. If I didn't temper myself like this, how could I suppress this place? "

Gu Chensha knew that the biggest role he could play was to suppress this place, kill the demons, and maintain the peace of the world.

The reason for the world's instability was the Demon Region, followed by the Demon Race and the Barbarian Race. Then, the Immortal Dao Sect, the Imperial Court, and the Great Might Dynasty.

There were countless demon experts in the Demon Region, and they were all extremely cruel. Once they descended upon the Divine Land, they would immediately kill and eat people, causing a bloodbath. Humans were even in danger of being wiped out.

The Barbarian Race was the same, but the monsters were even more bloodthirsty than the Barbarian Race. The Barbarian Race was just a race created by the Evil God to imitate the monsters. The Demon Race was more bloodthirsty, cruel, strong, and aggressive than the Barbarian Race.

In history, many powerful dynasties collapsed because of the Demon Disaster. Even the Ancient Emperor couldn't do anything to the monsters. He had no choice but to use the Emperor's Energy to confer the strongest demons as the Evil God and reach a compromise.