Chapter 203
===========

"Your plan is feasible, but the Immortal Dao is deeply rooted in the thinking of the imperial court. How can it be reformed?"

Lou Baiyue said, "If it could be reformed, the Emperor would have done so long ago. It wouldn't be our turn. It's easier to defeat the Heavenly Dao than the human heart. The sky isn't high, but the human heart is the highest."

"I think it's possible. Provoke the sects to fight and kill each other to weaken their forces. We'll watch the tigers fight and clean up the mess."

The Fourth seemed to be recalling something. "Throughout the dynasties, after the imperial court unified the world, they would use this method to deal with the sects and families of the Jianghu." Gu Chensha's mind raced.

He had recently read a lot of history and knew that the imperial court and the sects of the Jianghu fought by dividing and suppressing them, provoking internal strife, and then gradually destroying them.

But now it was the Immortal Dao sects, and such methods were much more difficult. It was far different from the sects of the Jianghu in the past.

"We can use the three strategies at the same time."

After thinking for a long time, a determined look appeared on Gu Chensha's face. "We have to kill the die-hards, then divide and sow discord. We have to rope in the sects that are close to the imperial court, such as the Heavenly Dance Mystical Sect." "By the way, didn't the Heavenly Dance Mystical Sect say that they were going to pay taxes? Why hasn't there been any movement? "Lou Baiyue asked.

"The Heavenly Dance Mystical Sect might still be observing."

Jin Suibo immediately replied, "Even an ancient sect like the Heavenly Dance Mystical Sect can't be rash, or they might become the target of public criticism. Moreover, for a large sect like the Heavenly Dance Mystical Sect, it's very complicated to count their assets and personnel. It's impossible for them to register and give the secrets of the sect to the imperial court. Their sects will also be divided, and if they don't do well, they might split up and disappear. There are many such things in history. For example, the Universe Mystic Sect of the 72 ancient sects split from the Heaven and Earth Mystic Sect. Because Chang Yuzhou failed to compete for the position of sect master, he led his disciples to create the Universe Mystic Sect in a fit of anger."

Gu Chensha also knew about this period of history. It was a major event in the Immortal Dao Mysterious Sect.

Since ancient times, the Black Heaven Earth Sect had been ranked number one. However, a long time ago, an outstanding disciple appeared in the sect. His name was Chang Yuzhou. Due to various reasons, he broke out of the sect and took many of the sect's elders and disciples with him to establish another Cosmos Sect. The Black Heaven Earth Sect was actually unable to do anything to him.

After this incident, the Black Heaven Earth Sect went from prosperity to decline, and they were no longer able to unify the other immortal sects. This was the history recorded in the Great Immortal Dao Chronicles. If there were too many disagreements in a sect, the disciples might really break out of the sect.

"Jin Suibo, according to your strategy, how should you implement these three strategies?" Lou Baiyue wanted to test Jin Suibo's intelligence.

"This requires specific changes. For example, the current Nine Swords Mysterious Sect can use the second and third strategies. The Nine Swords Mysterious Sect's Jian Chengkong is arrogant and has offended countless people. As long as I use a few tricks, coupled with the imperial court's coaxing and some treasures, I can get the people of the Immortal Dao to kill him. Then, the Nine Swords Mysterious Sect and the other sects will become enemies, or we can save Jian Chengkong and subdue him.

Of course, we can also cause internal strife. Jian Chengkong is not very popular in his own sect, so we can bribe people from within and force him to be disappointed in the sect. I have all of these in mind. "

Jin Suibo spoke frankly with assurance, "I'm willing to collect all kinds of information for the Immortal Peace Department. I'll analyze all the information about the Immortal Dao and human relationships, and then refine it." "Very well, I'll allow you to do so. If you need anything, just give me a report."

Lou Baiyue felt more and more that Jin Suibo was very useful. If she made use of him, she would be able to obtain good results. However, she still couldn't see through this person.

"Can Luo Xiu and the others work with me? If they make a contribution, can they also join the Immortal Peace Department? "Jin Suibo said.

"Oh?"

Hearing this, Lou Baiyue and the others exchanged glances again. Gu Chensha suddenly said, "Jin Suibo, don't tell me you want to enter the Immortal Peace Department and slowly form a faction to absorb power. You're quite ambitious." "I wouldn't dare."

Jin Suibo wasn't flustered at all. "I just want to work for the imperial court. If I have a group of people as my helpers, then I'll be even more successful. The three department heads are all people who do great things for the world, so they should be able to accommodate us lowly people."

"Hahahaha …" Lou Baiyue laughed. "Jin Suibo, I'll be frank. You're very strong. I can't see through you, and you definitely have other intentions. However, we can accept all rivers into the sea and educate everyone without discrimination. The imperial court can also accommodate outsiders. As long as you have the ability, I can let you do things.

However, I want to set an assessment. Within three months, if you can solve the matter of the Nine Swords Mysterious Gate without any loopholes, I'll let you form a small team in the Immortal Peace Department. " "Thank you, department head. I'll go do it now."

Jin Suibo turned to leave, but suddenly stopped. "Oh right, there's one more thing. It's a personal matter. The Seventh Highness feels sorry for the Nineteenth Highness, so he specifically asked me to apologize. He said that after attacking the Temple of Maha, the Magic Breaking Sword and the Devil-Warding Immortal Robe will be returned to the Nineteenth Highness." "Oh? Is this to ease the relationship between the Seventh Highness and me? "Gu Chensha's eyes flashed.

"You can put it that way," Jin Suibo said.

"A simple apology and saying that he'll return the treasures later. That's too insincere." Lou Baiyue sneered. "If the Seventh Highness is sincere, he'll come personally and return the treasures.

I think he's having a hard time now. The Legalists have decided not to support him. He's lost the support of a powerful Saint family. In addition, his own qualifications aren't very good, so he's having trouble doing things. "

"The Seventh Highness is still sincere. He also found out about one thing," Jin Suibo said. "This matter is enough to show his sincerity." "Speak." Lou Baiyue waved her hand. "Don't keep me in suspense." "Yes!" Jin Suibo asked. "I wonder what the three department heads think of Gu Tanjian?"

"This kid is really vicious but his talents aren't good. After getting my Giant Spirit Ring, he has just stepped into the Dao Realm."

Gu Chensha waved his hands. "But if I am not wrong, this kid should be hiding his strength. His viciousness far exceeds that of the Big Brother." "Right, this kid's cultivation is really strong."

Jin Suibo said, "He is definitely above the Dao Realm Nine Transformation. Moreover, his talent is that of a true top genius. He said that he has the Ancient Dragon Nourishing Pill and the Dragon Creation Pill! Behind him, there is a strong person plotting. " "What? Dragon Nourishing Pill? Dragon Creation Pill? "

Gu Chensha was very clear about this. These two elixirs were passed down from ancient times and only existed in ancient legends. They were refined by the ancient gods by collecting the airflow in the Untainted Dragon Gate. Since the Untainted Dragon Gate disappeared, it could not be refined at all.

"Get to the point." Lou Baiyue said, "What kind of person is behind that kid?" "He might be the reincarnation of the Great Spirit God." Jin Suibo said.

"What?" Gu Chensha was shocked. "Are you telling the truth?" "This is just a guess, but it is close to the truth."

Jin Suibo said, "He has the Great Spirit God Ring. That ring is formed from the bones of the Great Spirit God, so there are probably many secrets within."

"You're right. That brat looks gloomy and mysterious to me. He's definitely not an ordinary person. I'll look into your information in detail." Gu Chensha's gaze was extremely sharp. "I owe this favor to Old Seven."

"Although I am indebted to Seventh Prince, I am now part of the Calming Celestial Department and will do my best for the dynasty and the three department heads." Jin Suibo said.

"You can leave." Lou Baiyue waved his hands.

"Yes!" Jin Suibo didn't dare say anything else. After saying goodbye, he slowly retreated to the door and turned to leave.

"Chensha, what do you think?" Lou Baiyue knew that the Great Spirit God and Gu Chensha had a deep grudge.

She originally thought that Gu Chensha had activated the Great Spirit God's bloodline, but now she understood that Gu Chensha had obtained the Sacrificial Talisman.

"Of course this matter will be investigated secretly."

Gu Chensha calmed down. "Since the reincarnation of the Great Spirit God has revealed some clues, that is a good thing. I want to capture this god and let him die without a burial." "Do you need our help?" The Fourth asked.

"No need, I will take care of this matter myself."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Thank you, Fourth Brother. However, the Calming Celestial Department has a lot of work to do, and we can't handle it ourselves. There is no need to be too anxious about this matter. This Jin Suibo is not a kind person, so whether what he said is true or false is still worth considering. Next, I want to see Cold Jade Dew and Long Yuyun to explain the matter of recruiting the Baoyu Nation. If this task is not completed, I will always feel uneasy."

"I also need to arrange for people to collect information on the seventy-two immortal dao sects. Relying on Jin Suibo alone might not be a good thing," Lou Baiyue said.

"There are many movements from the barbarians, so we must be on guard.

At the moment, our Calming Celestial Department is still short of manpower, so we need to recruit trustworthy disciples. "

The Fourth said, "I think Marquis Jushi's son, Shi Zhongchan, is a good candidate. Apart from him, there are many outstanding disciples like him, and they can all be recruited. I will take care of this matter. " The three discussed for a while, then went their separate ways.

Gu Chensha naturally returned to his mansion and summoned Long Yuyun and Cold Jade Dew. They both had the Cycle Box of the Heavenly Designer Institute, so they could communicate with each other at any time. No matter where they were, they could instantly receive messages from Gu Chensha. Moreover, they had transcendent artifacts that could fly, so they arrived in no time.

After returning to his mansion, Gu Chensha observed the castle. He discovered that there were countless caves deep underground, like entangling snakes, like dragons in hibernation, or like the meridians of a human body, intertwining and changing.

When the Black Tortoise baby drilled into the ground, it actually opened up the meridians of the earth, forging the meridians and acupoints of the earth like a human. In other words, it was refining the earth under its feet into a transcendent artifact.

This caused Gu Chensha to have a feeling that with the construction of the Black Tortoise baby, with the castle as the center, the land within a radius of a hundred miles around his fief seemed to have been separated from the Land of Infinity by an unseen and majestic power, forming an independent paradise. This was the power of the Black Tortoise baby.