Chapter 761
===========

Everyone from the Calming Celestial Department stared at Gu Chensha, who was sitting under the World Tree. Gu Chensha didn't have any expression or movement, as if he had passed away in a sitting posture.

However, the fate above his head was getting thicker and thicker, to the point that one could see it with the naked eye. The fate was like a beautiful embroidery, the clouds were burning, and as it changed, the roars of dragons and tigers appeared.

"Amazing."

The Martial Saint was the first to say, "Chensha's fate shows that he is slowly gaining the upper hand in the battle against the Heaven Realm's will. He has gained a lot, which means that once Chensha wakes up, he can use this fate to break through numerous barriers and become God Realm." "What a strong fate."

Zhuge Ya gasped in admiration as well, "If the Prince were to wake up and attain the Divine level, he'll probably be able to do the same as the Sunmoon Lord and be able to revive fallen Saints." "Of course."

Longevity God said, "I have experienced Prince's Heaven Path Technique. If he condenses it once more, the world he will form will probably be comparable to some of the Heaven Realm's characteristics.

This means that in the future, Prince will be a small Heaven Realm. Even the strongest of the Endless 36 Treasures, the Endless Sword, won't be Prince's match. Prince will definitely have hope of subduing the Endless 36 Treasures. "

"There isn't much happening in the world now, and the Demon Race has started to lay low. After General People's Life ascends to God Realm, he will be able to work together with Marquis of People's Life, the King of People's Life, to suppress the 20 to 30 billion people in the Divine Land. Apart from that, many disciples of our Calming Celestial Department's People's Hope Academy are able to take charge of their own affairs. They are operating very well in the various provinces, prefectures, counties, towns, and villages, spreading their ideals, governing the people, and monitoring the demons." Long Yuyun's cultivation had reached the 25th transformation of the Dao Realm, Undying Body.

In the era of the Divine Central Continent's fortuitous encounters, she had not only obtained many fortuitous encounters, but she had also cultivated the Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Method, the Dragon Creating Cultivation Method, and a portion of the Holy Dragon Cultivation Method. She had also learned countless experiences and brewed them on her own, merging all the secrets together. She had even received the guidance of a Martial Sage, and her combat prowess had increased rapidly. Now, she was completely capable of suppressing Dragonsword Island.

Her younger brother, Long Zaifei, was even more powerful. Gu Chensha had made use of Gu Tanjian's gourd of holy dragon's Qi to raise him to the Innate Saint Realm. After that, he cultivated bitterly and was now at the pinnacle of the Dao Realm's 29 Transformations, 'Comprehending Primal Chaos', and was about to step into the God level.

Long Zaifei's fate energy was even more exuberant and intense. He had also received the order to be on standby within the sphere of the Common People's Wish.

"Sister, the fate energy of the people in the world has gathered and turned into the country's fate. It then gathered into our Common People's Wish body and was absorbed by the World Tree. Then, it condensed into the Harvest Fruit on the World Tree. The country's fate is getting stronger and stronger, but it hasn't reached the stage where it has materialized. It is said that the world is flourishing, and the country's fate is prosperous.

"Even a weak Emperor would be able to follow the law with his words, and hundreds of gods would bow down to him. He would be able to gather the hearts of the people, and his reputation would far exceed that of a Saint.

"This was also the highest realm that the ancient Emperors pursued. Without the Heaven Offering Talisman, they would be able to carry the hearts of the people of the Four Seas Divine Prefecture and suppress everything.

"The ancient Emperors and Emperors of the past dynasties have never reached such a realm, but our Calming Celestial Department seems to have such a trend." Long Zaifei was very focused and alert, paying attention to the situation at all times.

"Right now, the world hasn't reached such an ideal realm, but it will be soon."

Wen Hong said, "After I subjugate the Great Wei Dynasty, I will combine the 50 billion people of this dynasty with the 20 to 30 billion people of the Divine Prefecture to form a huge empire. The people's hearts will be one, and after a period of development, the population will exceed 100 billion. Moreover, everything will be orderly, and the people's actions will be in accordance with the law. At that time, the rolling fate of the country will be added to a person's body, and he will indeed be able to change the world. He doesn't need any power from his own body. The person is the country's fate, and the country's fate is the person. This is also a method of cultivation. I have already gradually discovered the logic behind it. " "That's right. We ancient Sages assisted the Emperors, and this is also what we pursued."

As a Celestial Lord, a Martial Sage naturally knew a lot of things. The deeper one's cultivation, the harder it was to break through. At that time, one would have to start with the people.

Managing the people and gathering the fate of the country was the most crucial point of breaking through.

"It's a pity that I haven't been able to completely subjugate the Great Wei Dynasty. The Heavenly Yellow Dragon Emperor actually has the support of the Heavenly Yellow Heavenly Lord of the Heavenly Yellow Great Realm. He carries the power of a Great Thousand Realm. If I want to overturn the foundation of a Great Thousand Realm, I will have to waste a lot of time and effort, and it will be difficult for me to continue for now.

Otherwise, with the 50 billion people's fate of the country, I would be able to fend off countless Heavenly Dao Disasters. "Wen Hong sighed.

"When Chensha survives this tribulation, it will be just a matter of time before he subjugates the Great Wei Dynasty. At that time, he will truly build a huge human empire that covers the entire Heaven Realm and countless space-times. That will truly be an unprecedented golden age. The current Heavenly Dao is not the Heavenly Dao of us humans, but the Heavenly Dao of all things. The Heavenly Dao does not serve us humans."

The Martial Saint said, "Therefore, we must overthrow the original Heavenly Way and establish a Heavenly Way that we humans truly control. Actually, from a certain point of view, the Heavenly Way is nothing more than the King of Common Life that is billions of times more powerful to us humans.

The King of Common Life is completely in the service of humans. In the future, we will create the Heavenly Dao of Common Life. " "This is something that the prehistoric civilization wanted to do but did not manage to do."

Lou Baiyue said, "It is rumored that the prehistoric civilization created their own huge intelligent system called the God System. This system was meant to replace the operation of the Heavenly Dao and control the life and death of countless worlds, even the creation of chaos.

However, because this matter was too feared by the Heavenly Dao, the prehistoric civilization was completely wiped out and met with an unprecedented great tribulation. "

"We might be able to do what the prehistoric civilization could not. Actually, this is what the Divine Master wanted to do after inheriting the prehistoric civilization. She wanted to create a system similar to the Heavenly Dao. That's right, the word 'system'. "

The Martial Sage said, "By using this system to replace the Heavenly Dao, all the rules will be set by oneself, and all the laws will be determined by oneself. This is a truly grand plan. Now, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is doing this, and there is a high chance that he will succeed."

As everyone was talking and discussing the direction of future development, suddenly, the fate above Gu Chensha's head changed.

Suddenly, a black spot appeared in the middle of the originally beautiful and brilliant providence. This black spot instantly expanded, and in the end, it caused the providence above Gu Chensha's head to turn pitch-black. Dark clouds covered the sky, and there were even sounds of ghosts wailing and gods howling. In such a situation, even those who did not know how to observe providence could see that the situation had worsened.

"This is bad!"

The Martial Sage was the first to realize that something was wrong. "The battle between Chensha and the Heavenly Realm's will has been reversed." "What a great tribulation."

Wen Hong's heart also jumped. "What is going on? This is a battle of wills, and we have no idea what is going on."

"Duesha's tribulation has arrived, but our own tribulation might also arrive. I don't worry about Duesha defeating the will of the Heavenly Realm, but what I worry about is whether or not we can survive this tribulation." The Martial Sage looked at the dimensional realm's crystal wall, as if he had discovered some sort of danger approaching.

As expected, a dazzling and beautiful light silently penetrated the crystal wall of the Common People's Wish sphere. Then, under everyone's gaze, it condensed into a body. The Sun-Moon Lord, Gu Tiansha, appeared in front of everyone.

At this moment, Gu Tiansha's aura was deep, and it was almost impossible to see what realm he had reached.

However, the Martial Sage's entire body seemed to be extremely vigilant. "Sun-Moon Lord, you cultivated to the Sage Realm so quickly. Is that why you can penetrate our layers of seals and directly appear in front of us?" "Nothing ventured, nothing gained."

Master of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha looked at Gu Chensha, who was sitting cross-legged, and the fate energy above his head rolled like dark clouds. A smile appeared on his face as he said, "This tribulation is really big. Fighting with the Heaven Realm's will is not fun. Even I am very afraid of the Heaven Realm's will, not to mention him.

Martial Sage, you were rescued by this boy last time, but I want to see just where you can run off to today. Even if you cultivate to the Empyrean level, in my eyes, you are still a piece of fatty meat. Last time you were a Saint, you were quite thin, but these days you have been fattened up by the Calming Immortal Department. You can squeeze oil out of it. Not bad, not bad.

"Gu Tiansha, you're really too arrogant."

Lou Baiyue sneered. "Our Calming Immortal Department has suppressed the immortal dao, the demonic dao, the demonic dao, the divine dao, and the demonic dao for so many years. How dare you speak such nonsense on your own?"

"Lou Baiyue, your Great Massacre God Art has inherited the will of that Gu Taxian, so it is quite worth watching. Unfortunately, your cultivation level is too low. If you cultivated to the Empyrean level, then I would be somewhat afraid of you, but that is all."

Gu Tiansha looked around. "This dimensional realm, the Common People's Wish sphere, in my eyes, is nothing special. I can come and go as I please, and it is no different from a dog kennel.

Alright, I won't say too much. Today, I came to devour Gu Chensha. After devouring him, I will obtain his Heavenly Dao Art. Combining the two, I will become the number one. If you stop me, all of you will die.

Of course, if you are sensible and submit to me, then I can give you a chance to live, and you can even enjoy riches and glory. It all depends on your choice. " "Gu Tiansha, you are also spouting nonsense."

Lou Baiyue stood up. "You are delaying and confusing us, but in truth, as you speak, you are gathering more of the power of the sun, moon, and great chiliocosm. You want to completely control our dimensional realm from the outside, turning it into your dimensional realm. This kind of power will take a long time." .....