Chapter 851
===========

Geniuses remembered in a second, 'Go if you like? Say → 'to provide you with exciting novels to read. Chapter 848: Suppressing Disasters

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation More than 10 years ago, the world shook and earthquakes occurred everywhere. The Calming Deities Department had learned their lesson and defended against such disasters. They even had the Commander of Common People secretly use his powers to suppress the place. Even if there was an earthquake, he could sense it and immediately eliminate it.

One had to know that the Commander of Common People's powers had all reached the Saint Realm. He could change the world and wrap living beings within it at any time. He wouldn't cause any harm to anyone.

But this time, the earthquake and explosion in the depths of the palace were too intense. It wasn't a natural reaction. Instead, it was some kind of power that had been brewed to the extreme and then spewed out. This power surpassed that of a Saint and even surpassed that of a Celestial Venerable. Celestial Longevity and Celestial Essence were a natural reaction of the Heaven Realm.

Almost all the people in the Divine Prefecture felt this intense tremor. Everyone felt that in the depths of the Divine Prefecture, there seemed to be some kind of ferocious being that was about to rush out and destroy the world.

Countless flames and magma shot into the sky. The old palace was blown to pieces and the entire Old Capital City was turned into a sea of fire. The paradise on earth had now become hell on earth. Disaster had arrived. Rumble!

The repeated explosions in the old capital had long alarmed the Marshals of Common People. Many Marshals of Common People immediately moved all the people living in the old capital into their own worlds. However, because the disaster was too fast and violent, there were still many people who were instantly turned into ashes.

Under such a sudden explosion and the tremor of the power of heaven and earth, the Commander of Common People couldn't react in time.

The Old Capital City was the node of the canal. With this explosion, the canal system that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had built was instantly damaged.

That year, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor opened the canal to connect the north and south. In reality, other than bringing substantial benefits to the people, he also wanted to build a stable Feng Shui array in the Divine Prefecture. He wanted to firmly infiltrate the Divine Prefecture and create a foundation for the future generations. But now, with this explosion, the established Feng Shui array was destroyed.

In the Divine Prefecture, the canal suddenly went out of control. The river water suddenly rose and rushed out of the embankment. It started to flood, drowning the fertile fields and houses. This flood seemed to come from the depths of the earth. It was endless and actually had the power of a world-destroying flood.

"Such a thing actually happened."

Gu Chensha's thoughts instantly reached the sky. At this moment, a disaster was brewing in Divine Prefecture and was about to erupt. With the old capital city as the eruption point, the water in the canal was triggered, causing the canal to swell and the water to flow backward. It was about to drown the entire Divine Prefecture, or rather, cleanse the entire Divine Prefecture.

"This is an apocalyptic flood."

Wen Hong flew out and observed the situation in Divine Land with Gu Chensha. In the depths of Divine Land, water gushed out and flooded the surface of Divine Land. It began to spread everywhere. Cities, villages, and towns seemed to be drowned in the blink of an eye.

At this time, all the common people generals started to work together in an attempt to suppress the flood.

Unfortunately, the flood came from the depths of the Divine Land and seemed to be triggered by some mysterious power. It was endless and could not be suppressed at all. The flood was still rising inch by inch. Before long, the entire Divine Land would be submerged in the flood and become a swamp country. The Divine Land would no longer exist.

"In the ancient legends, when the Divine Land is filled with sin and cannot be saved, a world-ending flood will appear. It will cleanse the land and wipe out everything. After the cleansing, the Divine Land will be clean." [Love ↑ Go △ Little ↑ Say △ Net] Qu Zhuge Ya also flew out and looked at the disaster on the Divine Great Land.

Divine Land was doing well. There were all kinds of tall buildings and defensive measures. At this time, even if the old capital city exploded and the flood rose, there were not many people who panicked. The Calm Deity Department immediately started all kinds of disaster relief measures. Countless airships started to fly up into the sky, and the common people generals started to open up their own world, including all the citizens. At the same time, a loud voice reverberated throughout Divine Land, telling people not to worry. However, with such a change, many people started to make their own plans.

"Hahahaha …" Xuan Xin, Jing Qiu, Gu Huo and the others kept on laughing. They naturally felt the movement. "The Divine Land is actually cooperating with us. The Divine Land also feels that it can't bear the burden. The sin is too heavy. The Yongchō is going against the heavens!

The Divine Land has turned around and the world-ending flood is coming. This time, Gu Chensha and the Calm Deity Department will die! " "Amazing."

The Heavenly King of Disasters, Gu Huo only felt that his disaster source was growing, and there were new changes everywhere. Because the Divine Land had automatically triggered the disaster, he had absorbed a huge amount of disaster energy. This way, his cultivation had also improved and he had comprehended it.

"This time, I've made the right bet. There's an explosion in Divine Land and a world-ending flood!

Even if Gu Chensha can suppress it, the hearts of the people will definitely fall. In addition, there are many Heavenly Kings and countless Reincarnated Stars causing chaos, spreading the theory that the Emperor Of Heaven has descended and the Imperial Court is full of sins.

The Yongchō is in chaos, and the Devil Race will take the opportunity to attack. "Jing Qiu was overjoyed." No matter how strong Gu Chensha is, how can he fight against the Heavenly Dao?

After killing Gu Chensha, the Emperor Of Heaven will come out and control the situation. Naturally, he can help the Heavenly Dao defeat Gu Taxian. The outcome is set. " "Kill!"

Xuan Xin pushed his power to the limit. "Ning Qingshuang, do you see that? The Divine Land has already activated its instincts. The Divine Land hates the Calm Deity Department, and the Yongchō has reached its limit. It wants to use its own power to turn the situation around. The Calm Deity Department is finished, and so is the Yongchō.

After I catch you, I will make you beg for death. How dare you betray me? Bitch, it's hard for you to kill yourself. I won't let you. "

Xuan Xin, Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, Gu Tanjian, and Gu Changjian continued to attack without restraint. They knew that this time, they had made the right bet. The Heavens and Earth could no longer tolerate the Yongchō and the Calm Deity Department.

"Chensha, we need to think of a way to suppress the flood in the Divine Land!

Otherwise, there will be a huge loophole. "At this time, Lou Baiyue was high in the sky, looking at the Divine Land, and realized that the situation was getting chaotic.

"The Divine Land's own power is hard to suppress."

Gu Chensha said. "This is the beginning of a great change. If my calculations are correct, the Divine Land will first explode, causing a flood that will cleanse the land and rivers. Then it will rise and become the Heavenly Court. There will be huge fluctuations, and with my current strength, I can't completely suppress the Divine Land and stop it from rising. This is the combined power of the Heavenly Realm. Only when I become a celestial can I temporarily slow down the rise of the Divine Land. But I already have a way.

That's why I created the Divine Land Gourd, gathering the power of faith, extracting the essence of the Divine Land, and creating the true Divine Land within the Divine Land Gourd. That way, the people will be completely absorbed into the true Divine Land, just like the Divine Land. "

"But we've lost the Central Divine Land," Lou Baiyue said. "The hearts of the people are even more chaotic, and if we want to take in the people, many of them won't agree. After all, their roots are in the Divine Land. In addition, there will be many people who will add fuel to the fire. That will put our rule in danger." "That's true," Gu Chensha said. "However, that's the only thing my father considered.

That's why he opened up the Four Wilds and occupied the Wildlands. At the same time, he built all sorts of feng shui layouts to suppress the Divine Land. Now that the Divine Land is exploding, the Heavenly Dao has expended a lot of its power. It won't be easy to destroy the world.

Naturally, I'll suppress the Divine Land first, and then take care of all the monsters and monsters that keep popping up. "

Gu Chensha waved his hand, and the Divine Land Gourd flew up into the sky, radiating power that transformed into a rain of magical symbols that fell down onto the lands of the Divine Land.

In an instant, wherever the rain of runic light reached, the flood would recede into the ground, and the mountains and rivers would return to normal. Not only that, the explosion of the old capital city, the lava from the old palace, and the rain of fire would all disappear without a trace.

The Imperial Capital and the Imperial Palace, which had been blasted to smithereens, were restored to their original state by the magical symbols.

Even the commoners who had died in the explosions were resurrected by the magical symbols. They had been resurrected, or perhaps created anew, by an omnipotent power akin to the Heavenly Dao.

The floodwaters had receded, and the Divine Land should have been a scene of devastation. But now, it looked exactly the same as before the floodwaters had arrived. The fertile fields, the land, and the houses had all been restored. It was as if time had been reversed. However, it wasn't true. Gu Chensha had used his boundless magic to restore the Divine Land.

This was no longer the power of the Heavenly Longevity realm, or even the Heaven Primal realm. It was a power that was very close to the Heavenly Dao.

The power of the Heavenly Dao was omnipotent, but Gu Chensha's power was so profound that it was essentially on par with the Heavenly Dao.

To use an analogy, the Heavenly Dao was a mountain of gold, and Gu Chensha was a tael of gold. There was a huge difference in quantity, but in essence, they were both gold. Gu Chensha's true power was on full display. He had suppressed the Divine Land! Even the Divine Land itself felt like it couldn't budge.

He had not suppressed the Divine Land, but the future Heavenly Court. He had used his own power to suppress the future Heavenly Court's restlessness.

"What?"

In an extremely secretive place in the distant turbulence of space and time, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, had been paying close attention to the Divine Land. When he saw the Apocalyptic Flood Wave, he had been extremely excited. He knew that his chance had come, and he had wanted to immediately activate his plan. But what happened next shocked him. Because Gu Chensha had instantly suppressed the Apocalyptic Flood Wave, and even restored the Divine Land that had been destroyed.

From start to finish, in less than two hours, the commoners of the Divine Land had experienced the baptism of destruction and salvation. Almost everyone felt like they were in a dream. Reading, a better reading experience.