Chapter 1084
============

Who Will the Emperor Of Heaven Belong To? Who Will the Emperor Of Heaven Belong To?

The Emperor Of Heaven was the main character of the old world. Even though Gu Chensha had refined him into a pill, this pill contained a large amount of fate energy. Whoever obtained it would have great authority over the old world.

If the main character of the old world obtained this pill, he would have a great advantage. He would be able to devour many other main characters and embark on the path of the true main character. Right now, there were more than three thousand main character candidates in the multiverse. In other words, there were three thousand children.

Three thousand children devoured each other until only one was left. That person would be the true main character. He would be able to stand shoulder to shoulder with Gu Chensha and fight it out with Gu Chensha. This was also the key to the future of the old world or the new world.

However, during this process, Gu Chensha had already started to plan. He first created Zhou Yang, causing this main character to deviate from the old world's path. Even though Zhou Yang didn't listen to his plans and wasn't interested in the new world, Gu Chensha didn't care. Now, he tossed out the Emperor Of Heaven Pill, but he didn't specify who it would land on.

"Myriad worlds change, order interchanges, fate energy rises, who will rise and fall?"

Gu Chensha murmured softly, causing a river of fate to appear. In the depths of the river, dragons and serpents could be seen, and stars could be seen dancing around them as they attempted to break free from the fetters of the river. These stars that kept jumping in the river of fate were the protagonists' choices. Only these main character candidates had the ability to jump out of Gu Chensha's river of fate. These main character candidates were very interesting.

"The Fourth's strength is still increasing. He has a chance to reach the Supreme Immortal realm. Zhou Yang is only one step away.

Furthermore, Zhao Jiangshan's process of becoming a Boundless Deathless Immortal was a huge lesson for me. Up to this point, I still haven't been able to mass produce Boundless Deathless Immortals. However, Zhao Jiangshan's experience with Dharma Non-Immortal gave him the ability to mass produce Boundless Deathless Immortals.

Moreover, if I can mass produce Supreme Immortals, it will be even better for me to reach the tenth level of Supreme Immortal.

This was because the ninth level of Supreme Immortal was the foundation of the tenth level of Supreme Immortal.

It was like a civilization. A high level civilization needed many low level civilizations as its foundation. Without many low level civilizations, it couldn't give birth to a high level civilization.

For example, if a slave civilization wanted to develop into an industrial civilization, it had to go through a feudal civilization. There was no way to jump from there.

If there weren't a large number of supreme immortal realm experts in this multivariate universe, it would be very difficult for Gu Chensha to reach the tenth level of immortal realm.

The star formed from Zhou Yang's destiny danced about in the Ancient Dusty River of Fate. Every time it jumped, it would jump higher than the other stars. Furthermore, as it jumped, it would slam into other stars, and then devour them.

Over the past few days, Zhou Yang had already devoured a few main character candidates and conquered a few universes. He then integrated these universes into the Nine Mysterious Cosmos and was currently preparing for the Nine Mysterious Cosmos' advancement.

As long as the Nine Profound Cosmos became a supermassive cosmos on the same level as the Arcana Cosmos, Zhou Yang would have the foundation to reach the Undying Realm.

Within the Nine Profound Cosmos, Zhou Yang sat in the depths of the imperial palace. Right now, the Emperor of the Nine Profound Empire was his father, Zhou Yuhao. He did not directly pull his father down. Instead, he wanted his father to quickly stabilize the situation within the imperial court. Breathe in and out.

By this point, Zhou Yang was absorbing all sorts of vital energy, which flowed into him, forming a world inside of him. Half of that world was ancient, as if it had been stained with the dust of history. The other half was brand new and clean. This was the combination of the old world and the new world. This was Zhou Yang's Dao.

"I've recently devoured a few main character candidates and absorbed their providence into my body. I can finally start fusing the will of the Old World with the power of the New World. When I truly succeed in fusing them, no one will be able to defeat me. Everyone will tremble under me."

Zhou Yang saw a few universe sources fusing with the Nine Mysterious Universe. He had personally killed a few main character candidates.

"It's time to seize the throne and replace that old ghost Zhou Yuhao. Otherwise, the majority of the universe's providence will be sucked away by that old ghost. If that happens, I'll just be making a wedding gown for that old ghost. " Zhou Yang's eyes flashed.

"If that old ghost dares to resist, I'll just kill him. I, Zhou Yang, am not someone who is bound by familial ties.

I know that this old ghost has been working in the dark these days. He's contacted many people and powers to suppress me. Did he ever think that I was the one who conquered the world? Without me, would my Zhou Clan be able to control the Nine Mysterious Dynasty? However, no matter how many people there are, they're all just clay chickens and pottery dogs.

In front of me, they're just like dancing clowns. I'll crush them with absolute power. At that time, they'll know that in front of absolute power, all schemes and schemes are nothing more than a joke. " As he spoke, Zhou Yang stood up and began to carry out his plan.

In the center of the imperial palace, within the Nine Profound Main Hall, the current emperor was Zhou Yang's father, Zhou Yuhao. However, he was just a puppet emperor, and everything had to be decided by Zhou Yang.

Zhou Yuhao was extremely unwilling to accept all of this, and he had an intense desire to kill that unfilial son of his.

Right now, he was in his study, gathering a group of trusted officials, as well as a few outsiders, to discuss how to deal with Zhou Yang.

"That unfilial son is getting more and more perverse. From the looks of it, he's not far from killing his own father. What do you all think?" Zhou Yuhao cursed.

"Your Majesty is right."

One of the officials nodded. "Although Zhou Yang is the Emperor's son, he's been getting more and more arrogant lately. He doesn't seem to have any sense of propriety. We have to capture him to rectify the situation." "However, Zhou Yang's strength is extremely tyrannical. How are we going to suppress him?"

One of the officials was filled with fear. Everyone present was very clear that the reason why the Zhou Clan was able to seize the throne and drive the Xuan Clan out of power was all because of Zhou Yang. In these past few days, the Zhou Clan had been wantonly slaughtering many of the old officials of the Nine Xuan Empire. Those who remained were all fence-sitters. Originally, the Zhou Clan was an existence that was loyal and devoted to the Nine Xuan Empire's royal family. But now that they had seized the throne, they didn't show the slightest bit of politeness towards the original members of the royal family, suppressing and killing them all, not leaving a single one alive. As long as they had the royal bloodline, they were slaughtered cleanly. Their souls and flesh were all sacrificed to increase the Zhou Clan's strength.

Right now, all the officials were extremely terrified of the Zhou Clan. They were still in a state of shock from the Zhou Clan's bloody methods.

"Everyone, don't worry. The righteousness of the imperial court is still in my hands."

Zhou Yuhao continued, "After all, I'm still the Emperor of the Nine Xuan Empire. That's an unshakable position. Furthermore, I have the power to suppress this child. However, I still need a series of arrangements. In the coming days, I'll be preparing to offer sacrifices to the essence of the universe, which is the will of the universe itself. I'll use my name to carry out the sacrifices, and all of you should start preparing as well. During the sacrificial ceremony, I'll obtain the recognition of the will of the Nine Xuan Cosmos, and at the same time, I'll raise the Nine Xuan Cosmos to the highest realm, becoming a supreme overlord.

At that time, once the sacrificial ceremony is complete, I'll be able to strip this unfilial son of everything he's worked for. "

"Holding a sacrificial ceremony will cause too much of a commotion. There's no way we can do it quietly. What if Zhou Yang organizes it?"

"Don't worry. I have a way to stop him. As long as all of you are united, we'll be able to deal with him.

Hurry up and contact everyone to start the sacrificial ceremony. Actually, the sacrificial ceremony doesn't require any ceremony. All you need to do is silently say it in your hearts. Of course, the ceremony is to better unite the hearts of the people. "

Zhou Yuhao said, "Your task is simple. Let everyone in the Nine Xuan Cosmos know that I'm going to hold a sacrificial ceremony to promote the advancement of the universe, and that I'm the true creator of the universe." "Yes …" Following this, the Ministers all knelt down and left.

However, there were still a few people left in the study. They were outsiders, people who didn't belong to this universe. There were three men and two women.

They all had a dense aura about them, as if they were the proud sons of heaven of the entire universe. Obviously, they were the candidates for the main characters.

Zhou Yuhao wouldn't have been able to tell before, but now that his cultivation base had reached the peak, he could see Mister Nothingness's will in his sea of consciousness.

Mister Nothingness was a ninth-stage Immortal Realm expert. With that level of power, Zhou Yuhao could naturally see the origins of any expert. The three men and two women were indeed the candidates for the main characters of the old world.

The accumulation of these popularity points allowed them to advance extremely quickly, and they would soon be able to stand out in the multivariate universe. Of course, the battles between them were also very intense, and they would even constantly kill and devour each other. Some of them would be killed by the same main character candidate the moment they were born, while some would kill another main character candidate, and their deaths would become lighter and lighter.

These three men and two women were all people who had more or less killed some of the main characters, and they were incredibly savage. However, they were quite wary of Zhou Yuhao, because they could sense Mister Incorruptible's aura from him.

"Everyone, while I'm holding the sacrificial ceremony, I'll need you to trap this kid," Zhou Yuhao said.

"Of course."

One of the women held a strange weapon. It was a ring with spikes all over it. "Zhou Yang was one of us, but he betrayed his destiny. He must be destroyed."