Chapter 817
===========

"I'm still a few realms away from comprehending the true meaning of the Endless River, breaking through the shackles, and advancing … The power of the Endless River is the most profound, long-lasting, vast, and enormous. I am the incarnation of the Endless River, the reincarnation.

This river is most suitable for me to manage the Desolate Desert. The Desolate Desert lacks water and life. It will take a long time to stimulate the life of the Desolate Desert. But with the Endless River, I can slowly nourish it. In a few years, the population of my empire will expand, and the environment will improve. Such merit is almost a righteous Great Dao. If I gain the recognition of the Heart of Desolate, I will directly become a Celestial Lord. I might even be able to break through the Heavenly Lifespan and reach Heavenly Prime. " At this time, a river appeared above Jing Qiu's head. The river was like a white snake, without beginning or end. It rumbled like the Milky Way. This was one of the 36 Endless Treasures, the Endless River.

Among the 36 Endless Treasures, the Endless River was famous for its long-lasting power. It was not used to fight, but to stimulate life and nourish the various worlds.

"What a pity. I heard that the Endless Tree has fallen into the hands of that beast Gu Chensha. What a pity."

Jing Fanxing's eyes flashed. "If the Endless Tree and the Endless River work together, then we can govern the entire Desolate Desert and the Holy Samar Empire much faster. Let's quickly get the recognition of the Heart of Desolate." "Even if we get the recognition of the Heart of Desolate, I'm afraid it won't be easy.

Actually, you have to be careful. Gu Chensha is not a benevolent and righteous person, and it might not be a good thing for him to keep you and me alive. He's just waiting for us to provoke the Heart of Desolate and come to take our leeks. Think about it, now that the Desolate Desert has been conquered, and many of the overseas countries of the Desolate Sea have completely submitted. Even the Eastern Desolate Immortal Dao has been taken in as subordinates. Only our Desolate Desert has not been disturbed. How could Gu Chensha be so kind? "Jing Qiu said." This person definitely wants to fatten us up before killing us. " "Then whoever kills us will die."

Jing Fanxing couldn't suppress the killing intent in his heart. "I've already cultivated to the Sage level. With my own strength, I can fight with an Empyrean. I won't be killed by an Empyrean, and I can still escape. But if I were to face Gu Chensha, he could definitely kill me with a single palm strike.

Although I am Innocuous Heavenly King, compared to Gu Chensha, I am still far inferior. I even know that the Grand Burning Heavenly King has already come into being. His cultivation is already at the Heaven Longevity Realm, far above mine, but he was still beaten by Gu Chensha to the point of abandoning his armor and fleeing in panic, seeking refuge with the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha. The urgent matter at hand is that only one person can contend against Gu Chensha, and that is the Emperor Of Heaven. " "Where is the Emperor Of Heaven?"

Jing Qiu was moved. "I've refined the Myrtle Imperial Star, and I'm the reincarnation of the Endless River. I could've gotten some clues, but compared to you, I'm afraid my position is still lacking.

If in the future, the Emperor Of Heaven appears and the Heavenly Court is established, you will be the Heavenly King by the Emperor Of Heaven's side, and I will just be one of the Star Gods. "

"In the future, the Emperor Of Heaven will have the Lord of the Sun and Moon as the Heavenly Master, commanding the stars. After him will be the Nine Heavenly Kings, and then the Heavenly Marquises formed by the Thirty-six Treasures, and then the Star Gods."

In these days, Jing Fanxing had actually awakened the essence of Innocuous Heavenly King. His knowledge gradually increased, and he came to know many things. "In addition, the structure of the Heavenly Court is complex, and there are many Immortal Sages gathered. In the future, the Heavenly Court will be a great existence that truly unifies the countless universes, countless planes, and countless space-time. We are actually people of the Heavenly Court."

"Gu Chensha and the Celestial Pacification Department haven't actually appeared in the future. In other words, once the Heavenly Court is established, they will all die without a doubt, and not even a trace of history will be left behind." Jing Qiu said. "But there are no signs of the Emperor Of Heaven, and we don't know how to find him." "We can only wait," Jing Fanxing said.

Jing Fanxing said, "Wait for the Celestial Emperor to appear. The day the Celestial Emperor truly appears will be the day of the Celestial Emperor's and Yong Chao's deaths. However, whoever kills Gu Chensha will obtain great status and merit in the Celestial Court in the future. This is a great merit to the Heavenly Dao. At that time, not only will their strength increase to an inconceivable level, even the Celestial Emperor won't be able to deal with them easily." "The future Heavenly Court."

A smile appeared on Jing Qiu's face. "It's a good thing that the Devil Calamity is gathering, and poses a huge threat to the Celestial Pacification Department and the Yongchō. We can take advantage of that." "We need to be prepared to escape at any time," Jing Fanxing said.

"Mohuang will always be a thorn in the side of the imperial court. We can't stay here for long, and my identity can't be revealed. Otherwise, some ill-intentioned old-timer will come to kill me, refine me, and steal my destiny. Then he'll become the new heavenly king and inherit my position as Myriad Tribulations Heavenly King." "Not bad, Jing Fanxing. You really do understand your situation." Jing Qiu's expression suddenly flickered. Killing intent flashed across his face. The atmosphere changed. He actually wanted to kill Jing Fanxing!

Jing Fanxing didn't seem to care at all. "Clan Head," he said coolly, "do you want to devour me, take my destiny, and become the new heavenly king?" "Indeed."

Jing Qiu's aura enveloped the entire hall. "Fanxing, even if you reached the Celestial Longevity level, you still wouldn't be a match for Gu Chensha. Haven't you seen the Grand Inferno Heavenly King?

He was forced into a corner by Gu Chensha, and ended up joining the Lord of the Sun and Moon. What good would that do to him? He would be devoured.

I've been managing the Jing Clan for a long time, and I can't let it all go to waste. I need to take advantage of this opportunity to refine you and take your destiny and cultivation base. That way, I can break through to the celestial level, and use your destiny to offer it to Mohuang. That way, I can gain the approval of the Heart of Mohuang, and then refine it into my body. That way, I'll be able to surpass those old-timers, and maybe even acquire the power of the chiliocosm. That way, the Jing Clan won't be destroyed.

Jing Fanxing, you have great ambitions but little talent. Even if you're the reincarnation of the Innocuous Heavenly King, it won't do you any good. You'll be captured and refined by Gu Chensha. " "Do you really think you can handle me, Jing Qiu?"

Jing Fanxing said coolly. "Right now, you're only at the peak of the thirty-six transformations. You're a few levels higher than me. Even with the help of the Endless River, we'll still be evenly matched. I'm the Innocuous Heavenly King, and the nature of a heavenly king isn't something you can understand." "Is that so?" At this moment, Jing Qiu opened his mouth and spat.

A yellow light appeared. The light changed slightly and appeared above Jing Fanxing's head. Then, it turned into a vast expanse of yellow sand. It was like a wasteland. The mighty power of the Desolate Desolation was crushing down.

"The Desolate Essence!

It's the Desolate Desert Origin! "Jing Fanxing was shocked." You can actually use the Desolate Desert Origin! "He no longer had a calm expression on his face.

"That's right. You're too young, and the rest of the world is also too young. I was the first to contact everyone to rebel against the Yongchō. Back then, the three Celestial Sovereigns were too cowardly to come out, scared out of their wits by Gu Taxian."

Jing Qiu Fanxing seemed to be reprimanding a disappointing descendant. "Jing Fanxing, you used to be a peerless genius of our Jing Clan, but you've never achieved anything. Instead, you keep causing trouble and are controlled by others. I'm the Innocuous Heavenly King, but the Unlucky Heavenly King. Why don't you transfer your fate to me? Alright, I won't say much.

"Die!"

At this point, Jing Fanxing knew the situation was dire. Before Jing Qiu, he was too inexperienced. Jing Qiu's craftiness was no less than that of The Great Spirit God. The Dharma Saint had once commented on Jing Qiu's strength. Waves appeared on Jing Fanxing's body.

"Calamity Waves!" As the Innocuous Heavenly King, he was innately powerful. "Innocuous Myriad Waves Fist!"

Countless tribulations formed waves that were controlled by him, battering against Desolate's source energy.

"It's no use."

Jing Qiu shook his head. "I used the faith of the Holy Sama Empire to plant my roots in the Desolate Desolate, just like The Great Spirit God did in Xian Prefecture. But in the end, he didn't succeed. The Celestial Steadiness Department expelled the power of faith from Xian Prefecture, causing all his efforts to fail.

But I'm different. My methods are even more brilliant than The Great Spirit God's. I chose the Desolate Desolate, not a place like the Central Divine Prefecture.

The Great Spirit God used crafty schemes, while I used the righteous path. I turned the desert into an oasis, using death to create life. That is the true principle, and naturally, the Desolate Desolate will acknowledge it. The essence of the Desolate Desolate will once again suppress it. Power of the Chiliocosm, you should be able to sense the aura of the Innocuous Heavenly King. Think about it. The Innocuous Heavenly King can't offer sacrifices to you right now, but I've stripped him of his destiny, so I can offer sacrifices to you. Right now, we're bound together for good or ill. Whether or not the Desolate Desolate can rise and become a mighty existence second only to the Central Divine Prefecture is up to you. " As Jing Qiu spoke, he kowtowed repeatedly. RUMBLE! The essence of the Desolate Desolate seemed to be moved.

All the wind and sand in the Desolate Desolate stopped. Life was condensing, and in the end, endless sandworm runes were born and burrowed into Jing Fanxing's body.

Jing Fanxing immediately felt as if all his power was being restrained by a mighty divine power. He roared in anger and tried to struggle, but it was to no avail.

"Jing Fanxing, don't struggle. If you don't struggle, I'll use less of the Desolate Desolate Desolate's essence power. I can still preserve your memories and turn you back into a normal person. You'll still be a member of the Jing Family. But if you struggle, you'll truly be destroyed," Jing Qiu said emotionlessly. .....

I've updated my WeChat official account with a new chapter, Fist Suppresses Mountains and Rivers. Everyone can follow my WeChat official account. Log in to WeChat and search for the official account, Dreaming of Divine Armaments.

This site recommends pictures and videos of beautiful legs in stockings, youthful cheeks, and plump buttocks!

Quickly follow WeChat official account: meinvtao1 (long press for three seconds to copy) and watch online!