Chapter 392
===========

He used the Sun-Moon Void Technique to sneak into the depths of the ground and found that there were a total of eight cultivators in this underground chamber.

"One Blade, you leaked your aura just now. Be careful not to be detected by the experts," one of the cultivators said to the cultivator who had leaked his aura.

"Just now, I suddenly comprehended a certain realm. It seems that I have comprehended the realm of Size Manipulation. Unknowingly, some of my aura leaked out. However, there are no experts stationed in Precious Jade Country for the time being. So, it is not a problem." The cultivator named 'One Blade' did not seem to care.

This cultivator was a young man who was as sharp as a sword. In the depths of his eyes, there seemed to be the mark of ten thousand swords.

This was the supreme secret technique of the Nine Swords Mystical Gate, the Ten Thousand Swords Life and Death Art. Once mastered, one could create ten thousand swords with just a thought. Even the top disciple of the Nine Swords Mystical Gate hadn't mastered it.

"It's better to be careful.

The Lord of Seven Stars of the Celestial Tranquility Department, Zhuge Ya, even defeated Jing Qiu. Jing Fanxing, Xiao Yan, Wang Ji, and Gu Huo of the Great Wei Dynasty teamed up to deal with Gu Chensha. Wang Ji and Xiao Yan were killed on the spot.

Jing Fanxing's magic power was completely crippled, and only Gu Huo managed to escape. "At this moment, a ball of light sitting in the center spoke.

It was a cultivator, but his life form had changed. He was a ball of pure light. Within the light, one could vaguely see a roc, an azure lion, a white elephant, a nine-headed snake, a giant whale, and a white crane. The moment he spoke, all the cultivators quieted down and listened to his commands.

"This person's cultivation is even higher than Demon Emperor Skeleton Black. Is he at the 24 Transformations of Dao Realm, Future Glimpse?

His magic power turned into a ball of light. It seems to be Heavenly Venerable Pu Tuo's secret technique called Pu Tuo Round Light.

The roc, azure lion, white elephant, nine-headed snake, giant whale, and white crane respectively have six accomplishments: Courage, Mercy, Fortune, Demon Subduing, Virtue, and Freedom. This technique is very mysterious. "

Gu Chensha frowned. "Could it be that this cultivator doesn't belong to any sect and is a disciple of one of the three Heavenly Venerables? Or is he a representative chosen by the three Empyreans? "

When Gu Chensha saw this, he did not act rashly. If he were to make a move now, he might not necessarily be able to defeat this person. Most importantly, he could not use the energy within the sphere of the People's Wish. He could tell that these people must be plotting something.

"Jian Chengkong, that idiot, was captured by Gu Chensha along with Jing Fanxing. The Scarlet Firmament Profound Sect suffered a great loss this time and suffered disastrous losses. Xiao Yan and Elder Wangji are both extraordinary figures.

However, if they were all killed, it would be very difficult for the Crimson Firmament Profound Sect to cultivate such people. "

Another cultivator said, "We've established the Everlasting Extermination Alliance in accordance with the will of the Celestial, with the sole purpose of wiping out the Yongchō. Other members of the alliance are hiding in other places, but our location is the most important. Jeweljade Nation has only recently been granted amnesty, and the hearts of the people are unstable. Every member of the royal family is filled with resentment, and as long as we find the right time, we can return to the immortal dao." "The opportunity is when the demon disaster breaks out."

The leading cultivator, who had transformed into a round Bodhidharma light, said, "As long as the seal of the Bottomless Sea of Sin is broken, countless demons will rush out and immediately cause chaos across the Divine Land. The imperial court will be exhausted, and only then can we start this matter."

"The jade mines of the Jeweljade Nation extend to the depths of the earth, and are almost endless. Now that they have all been occupied by the Immortal Tranquility Department, the price of our jade stones has increased by several times."

Another cultivator coldly harrumphed, "I really don't know why the Taiyi Fantasy Sect was willing to give up this fat piece of meat. That Tai Mang Di is really a good-for-nothing."

"Some of the old-timers in the Taiyi Fantasy Sect have always believed that their founder, Heavenly Lord Taiyi, was killed by the three Heavenly Lords. Therefore, they actually hate the three Heavenly Lords. Superficially, they dare not oppose the three Heavenly Lords, but actually, they sent that brat Tai Mang Di to contact the Immortal Tranquility Department and build a good relationship with them. After the Yongchō has been destroyed, this kind of half-hearted sect will no longer exist. The three Heavenly Lords will turn all the people in the sect into mortals and let them taste what it means to be a banished immortal."

The leading cultivator's spiritual waves became sharp. "Now, some of the 72 Mysterious Sects of the Immortal Dao, such as the Wuji Sect, have already been destroyed, and some have been crippled by Gu Taxian. Only a few of them are left. Even the head of the Heavenly Heaven Earth Sect was forced to kneel down by Gu Taxian. Even his son was killed. How tragic."

Jian Yidao said, "After this event, the structure of the Mysterious Sects of the Immortal Dao will also change." "Of course. We're still waiting here for an opportunity to nurture Yu Huang and the others.

In the future, the Yu family will be the main representative of Baoyu Nation. After all, after the Yongchō is destroyed, the gods will return, and the Yu family will still be the descendants of the Jade Deity. "

At this time, the sound of someone kowtowing came from outside the secret room. "Junior Yu Huang greets the immortal elders. I'm here to listen to your teachings." "Come in."

The leading cultivator waved his hand, and Yu Huang, wrapped in light, landed in front of him. "You've cultivated the mysterious technique I taught you well. Today, I'll give you a Dragon Creation Pill to raise your aptitude to the level of a peerless genius. In the future, you must take control of Baoyu Nation. Understood?" "Yes!"

Yu Huang was overjoyed. He kowtowed again and again. Then, a look of hatred appeared on his face. "Yu Hanlu, you took everything from me. This time, I'll take it all back with interest. When my plan succeeds, I'll cripple your martial arts and degrade you to the lowest level of prostitutes. I won't let you reincarnate." The hatred in Yu Huang's heart was hard to quell. Feeling this kid's hatred, the other cultivators nodded. Gu Chensha sneered in his heart and retreated without a sound.

Sure enough, this Baoyu Nation's son, Yu Huang, was a disaster. Of course, he wouldn't be able to cause any big waves. It was very likely that the Eternal Extermination Alliance formed by the three Heavenly Sovereigns came looking for him.

These people didn't dare to make a move now, but once the demon disaster broke out, Baoyu Nation would immediately be under their control.

"Interesting, interesting."

Gu Chensha's eyes flashed. He heard something interesting. "In that case, I'll drive the tiger to swallow the wolf." Whoosh!

He returned to the surface of the sea. This time, he didn't go down to talk to the head of Xing Qiongshi. Instead, he took out a talisman and burned it.

Then, he sank to the bottom of the sea and reached a jade mountain. He sat in meditation and absorbed immortal Qi to condense the third golden core in his body. Every seven days, he could condense a golden core in his body and store it in his acupoints.

After three days and three nights, he had condensed half of his third golden core. Suddenly, the seawater parted and a person appeared in front of him. It was a young man who was about 16 or 17 years old. His innate Gang Qi parted the seawater with ease. It was Tai Mengdi, the son of the headmaster of Taiyi Fantasy Sect.

"Brother Chensha burned the talisman we agreed on. It took me three days and three nights to reach here from Taiyi Fantasy Sect. Is there any urgent matter?" Tai Mengdi asked with a smile.

"Of course there is."

Gu Chensha also smiled. "This is related to the survival of Taiyi Fantasy Sect. After I heard about it, I immediately burned the talisman to discuss it with Brother Mengdi.

Brother Mengdi's cultivation base has progressed so fast. In just a few years, you've already condensed a primordial spirit. "

Currently, Tai Mengdi's cultivation base was at the 14th change of the primordial spirit. When he fought with Gu Chensha a few years ago, he was only at the 9th change of the dao realm, "Glass Jade Body". In just a few years, he had advanced 5 realms. This was a miracle in the Xuanmen Dao Sect.

In just eight or nine years, Gu Chensha had gone from a normal person to an immortal cultivator of the Dao Realm Nineteen Transformations, Size Manipulation. However, he had gone through countless fortuitous encounters and things that could only be chanced upon. Only then did he reach his current level.

The main thing was that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had even changed the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman Decree and bestowed it to him secretly.

As for common cultivators, even if they were geniuses or unparalleled geniuses, they would cultivate step by step. In 8-10 years, it was already amazing for them to advance one or two realms. It was indeed a miracle for Tai Mengdi to advance so many realms in just a few years.

"My cultivation is not worth mentioning."

Tai Mengdi sighed. "I already know about Brother Chensha's fame. In the Demon Region, you killed Xiao Yan, Wang Ji, and defeated them together with Jing Fanxing and Gu Huo. Such battle prowess is something I can't even compare to. "

Gu Chensha's fame had already spread. It had been a year since Jing Fanxing and the others had died. Such a long time was enough for this news to spread to the Xuanmen Dao Sect.

"I heard some news just now."

Gu Chensha suddenly sent a thought into Tai Mengdi's sea of consciousness. This meant that Tai Mengdi had seen the discussion of those cultivators and immortals in the secret room with his own eyes.

"Damn it!

They actually want to annihilate my Taiyi Mystical Sect. The three Heavenly Venerables are too much! "

After Tai Mengdi received this thought, his face turned green from anger. "What wild ambitions. My Taiyi Mystical Sect has always been low-key, cultivating behind closed doors. To think that we would be annihilated just because we disrespected the three Heavenly Venerables. These people are too arrogant.

I know that the cultivator who cultivated the Bodhisattva Round Light is called Li Rongguang. He is the adjudicator of the three Heavenly Venerables.

Every 60 years, he would come out to walk in the Immortal Dao and adjudicate some disputes between sects, rewarding the good and punishing the evil. This is the method that the three Heavenly Venerables use to control the Immortal Dao. " "So this person is the adjudicator of the three Heavenly Venerables."

Gu Chensha also knew that the three Heavenly Venerables took in a few disciples called adjudicators to settle disputes between the Xuanmen Dao Sects. They were equivalent to the law enforcement team.

"Li Rongguang's cultivation base is extremely powerful. I'm afraid it's 23 or even 24 changes." Tai Mengdi said, "Why? Brother Chensha wants to deal with them? "

"That's right. Let's do something big this time and bury all these people. How about that?" Gu Chensha said.