Chapter 898
===========

"Attack!"

Both Gu Tiansha and Gu Xuansha felt that this was a great opportunity. They had to devour and refine Long Xiangtian. If they could refine this person, it wouldn't be a problem for them to deal with Gu Chensha. The two exchanged glances and suddenly joined forces, launching a pincer attack from both sides.

"Heaven Refining Hand!"

When Gu Tiansha attacked, flames and a vortex appeared on his palm. There were countless runes and incantations in the vortex. Deep inside the runes, there seemed to be heaven and earth crying.

This was an attack that Gu Tiansha had comprehended recently. He was refining the will of the Heaven World. Once he used the Heaven Refining Hand, he would be able to refine the Heaven World.

The hand enveloped Long Xiangtian, preventing him from moving in any direction. Then, with the will of the Heaven Refining Art, he fought Long Xiangtian head-on.

At this time, Gu Xuansha also made his move. As he attacked, a curtain appeared above his head. On the curtain, there was the secret of life and death.

"Mysterious True Art!"

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha had comprehended the Martial Path himself, and this was the technique that suited him the best. He had created it according to his own characteristics. When he attacked, a mysterious Profound Meaning appeared on the screen. The screen swept up and covered Dragon Xiangtian.

"Soaring Dragon Transformation!"

Facing the attacks of the two experts, Long Xiangtian wasn't afraid at all. He spread his palms apart and once again let out hissing sounds. Under the blazing sun of the Heaven World, he used his mental cultivation technique to fight against Gu Xuansha and Gu Tiansha.

"Long Xiangtian, you're strong, but you're only as strong as any one of us.

Now, you actually have the guts to sneak into the blazing sun of the Heavenly Realm and want to subdue us? Who gave you the confidence and guts? "Gu Tiansha sneered." Aren't you here to deliver food to us? " Gu Tiansha had already measured Long Xiangtian's strength during the battle.

Long Xiangtian was indeed strong. He had a lot of fate energy and great potential. But it was too much to think that he could subdue Gu Xuansha and Gu Tiansha all by himself. After a while, Long Xiangtian had fallen into a disadvantageous position. However, he was still struggling. His expression didn't change.

Under the immense pressure, Long Xiang Tian's potential seemed to be stimulated once again. During the battle, he seemed to have absorbed a lot of knowledge and all of this knowledge was absorbed into his Soaring Dragon Heart Sutra. It turned out that he had come here to spy on the secrets of these two people under great pressure. Especially the innermost core of the God System. This was what Gu Chensha needed.

Back when Gu Chensha had suppressed the System of the One God, he had acquired ninety-nine percent of its secrets. However, he hadn't been able to control the core essence of the System of the One God. Therefore, he had used the destiny and destiny of Dragon Ascendant Heaven to suppress the System of the One God, and through the fighting, he had acquired all of its secrets. This was his plot. Of course, Long Xiangtian didn't know about it. He still followed his own plan.

The knowledge and secrets of the system of the One God were being revealed to him, and his cultivation base was growing more and more profound.

"How carefree!" Long Xiangtian suddenly punched out.

As soon as this fist was unleashed, a magnificent and magnificent essay was laid out. It seemed to be the truth of the universe, an essay that opened the way.

"Dragonless Mental Sutra?"

Gu Tiansha and Gu Xuansha gasped in shock as they realized that this martial art was none other than Gu Chensha's Dragonless Mental Sutra.

"That's right, it's the Dragonless Heart Sutra. You probably didn't expect that I've already absorbed all of Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra. I've even comprehended something of my own. After I suppress you all, Gu Chensha will be my next target. In this world, my Soaring Dragon Dynasty will be the only overlord, forever suppressing the world."

Long Xiangtian was getting stronger and stronger, and his aura was like that of the Emperor Of Heaven. Unexpectedly, he was able to deal with the attacks of Gu Tiansha and Gu Xuansha with ease.

"Stop!"

Gu Tiansha blurted. "If we keep fighting like this, Long Xiangtian, it won't end well for either of us. Why don't we join forces?

I think that no matter how strong you are, you can only fight against us. It's impossible for you to subdue us. "

Long Xiangtian stopped as well. He felt that he would be in danger if he kept fighting like this. He wanted to let the two of them know his strength first before thinking about how to improve. Deep in his heart, he hadn't given up on devouring the two of them.

"Join forces? How do we work together? Tell me the rules! "Long Xiangtian asked.

Although he stopped, he was still looking for a chance to attack. He was still trying to pry into the two's secrets.

"Long Xiangtian, let's join forces and form an alliance to refine the Heaven World first. Then, we'll divide the Heaven World equally. "Gu Tiansha said.

"No!

I want to be the leader of the alliance, and the two of you will be the deputy leaders. "Long Xiangtian said proudly." There's only one master in this world, and that's me.

If you don't agree, then we'll fight to the death. I have absolute confidence that I can kill you in a prolonged battle. " "Arrogant!"

Crown Prince Gu Tiansha was really angry. He had seen many arrogant people, but it was rare to see someone as arrogant as Long Xiangtian. "Long Xiangtian, do you really think that we can't suppress you? We are not willing to use our Origin Source. If we use our Origin Source, we can kill you. We are afraid that Gu Chensha will reap the benefits! " "That's right. Long Xiangtian, don't be too arrogant."

Gu Tiansha squinted his eyes. He felt that things weren't going to be easy. Long Xiangtian wouldn't feign civility. He was just pretending to form an alliance. He was trying to buy time. In a few more days, the two of them could refine the Heaven World's Sun and Moon. At that time, their cultivation would skyrocket and the situation would change.

If Long Xiangtian continued to cause trouble during the refining process, they wouldn't have the time and energy to refine the Sun and Moon. Moreover, the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha were eyeing them covetously. They could attack at any time. Gu Tiansha wasn't afraid of Long Xiangtian. He was annoyed that Long Xiangtian was so stubborn.

"This is my personality." Long Xiangtian coldly harrumphed, "I am the only overlord, the only Great Emperor, the Soaring Dragon Great Emperor.

The Soaring Dragon Dynasty will definitely replace the Heavenly Court. It doesn't matter if you accept it or not, I'll be here. I'll be in charge of everything in the future. You can only submit to me, there's no other choice. Even if Gu Chensha and Heaven Emperor kneel down and beg me, I'll make them my subordinates. You don't have to kneel down now, that's your good fortune. Do you understand? "

"This brat …" Gu Tiansha was an extremely arrogant person, but when he heard Long Xiangtian's words, veins bulged on his forehead. He wanted to immediately slap this person who was even more arrogant than him to death. However, after experiencing so many setbacks, he had gradually become incredibly calm. Looking at this brat, he seemed to be looking at himself in the past, "This Long Xiangtian is exactly the same as me in the past. However, back then, one-tenth of my Source was stolen by Gu Tiansha, causing me to be unable to complete it. However, this Long Xiangtian's Source is sufficient. This Long Xiangtian has enough Source. "

He immediately raised his voice, "Long Xiangtian, you have abundant Fate now. Everything you do will be smooth sailing. Even if you encounter danger, you will be able to turn it into a blessing.

"But have you ever thought that your birth was a variable? I'm also a variable. In the years to come, people like you and I will definitely appear. Don't think that you can do whatever you want just because you have a strong destiny now. This is the best time to nurture your Qi. If you continue to act recklessly, once you meet an opponent, you'll be unable to recover and lose a thousand miles at a time." "Is that so?"

Long Xiangtian didn't believe a single word of Gu Tiansha's. "Gu Tiansha, you are indeed a variable like me. However, you are a loser. What right do you have to speak to me? No matter if you are a variable or not, you will have to submit to me.

Even that Gu Chensha had his Giant Stone Wall refined by me and obtained all of his Dragonless Cultivation Technique. You two pieces of trash that even Gu Chensha can't do anything to, yet you dare to talk about such things in front of me? Aren't you making a fool of yourselves?

I will give you an hour to consider. If you choose to serve me as your master, I will give you dignity.

If you choose to fight, I will not return empty-handed. I will definitely fight a great battle and make you suffer. Only then will you know how powerful I am and choose to submit to me. " "An hour? Two choices? "

Gu Tiansha and Gu Xuansha looked at each other and heaved a long sigh, "We are considered to be overlords of the Heavens and Earth. To think that a random variable could force us to such a state. This is unbelievable. If it was Emperor Heaven and Gu Chensha who forced us to this state, then it's fine. But you, Long Xiangtian, who came out of nowhere, is even more arrogant than Emperor Heaven and Gu Chensha. This is intolerable. Since that's the case, let's not worry too much and suppress him directly! " "Alright, suppress him!"

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha was also filled with anger. If it wasn't for the big picture, he would have used his trump card to suppress and kill this arrogant Long Xiangtian.

Even a clay figurine has a temper, let alone Crown Prince Gu Xuansha and Master of Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha. The two of them were completely enraged.

"Invincible Sun and Moon!" Buzz … The two of them used their real trump card to seize the Origin of Sun and Moon of Heaven Realm. The mighty Origin of Sun and Moon gathered, containing the true meaning of Heaven Realm. Rumble!

Under the influence of the Will of Sun and Moon of Heaven Realm, Long Xiangtian saw the entire Heaven Realm shrinking rapidly, turning into a sphere and pressing towards him. This was equivalent to Crown Prince Gu Xuansha and Master of Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha grabbing the Heaven Realm and throwing it towards him.