Chapter 95
==========

Long Yuyun could hear the seriousness in his words, and her face turned serious. After thinking for a while, she said, "If it's just me, it doesn't matter. But my subordinates and my family have so many people. If they fail to surrender and fall into the tiger's mouth, they will die without a burial place. The bloodline of the entire Dragon Sword Island will be severed. Back then, I was prepared to surrender to the First Prince, but I was deceived, causing us to suffer heavy losses. Now, our country is destroyed.

If you can save my younger brother and sister, and my parents from the First Prince, I will swear to the Sea God that I will be completely loyal to you. The entire Dragon Sword Island will submit to you without any hesitation. " "So that's how it is."

Gu Chensha was slightly happy, "Big Brother is a traitor, killing people to refine his blood, and has become a demon. If you want to kill him for revenge, I won't stop you. But he is my brother after all, and I won't kill him.

As for saving your younger brother, sister, and parents, this is my responsibility. Don't worry, as long as they are still alive, I have the confidence to save them. " "You are so confident?" Long Yuyun was doubtful.

Of course, Gu Chensha was confident. He could steal countless riches from the Demonic Ape Temple, but saving a few people from Big Brother Gu Hengsha was nothing.

When the time came, he would knock out the rescued people, put them in the Sun Moon Altar, and wake them up when he came out.

No matter how strong Big Brother Gu Hengsha's mansion was, it couldn't be compared to the Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos.

Moreover, the Ring of The Great Spirit God left by his mother was still in the hands of the First Prince. If there was a chance, he would take it back.

"When this is done, I will go save your family."

Gu Chensha said, "At least a few months, at most half a year. I guarantee that they will appear in front of you safe and sound."

"That's an extremely difficult task. There are countless powerful experts in the eldest prince's estate, so there's no way we'll be able to save him unless you ask the emperor for a decree, but I'm sure the emperor won't care about that." Long Yuyun still didn't believe him.

"Of course the Emperor won't care about this. Besides, I have no proof, and I can't attack the court as I please. People will think it's malicious."

Gu Chensha had long understood the internal strife of the imperial court. This matter could only be done in secret and could not be brought to the surface.

"Then what do you have?" Long Yuyun asked, a little uneasy. This was her biggest worry.

"What do you think this is?" Gu Chensha took out a golden bottle and opened it. The Seven Sage Heart Tempering Pill was soaked in spiritual liquid.

"This is …" Looking at the seven-colored pill, Long Yuyun thought for a long time, "This is the Ancient Seven Sages Heart Refining Pill!

"Where did you get it from?"

"Did you really think that I didn't have a thorough plan when I brought my troops to the vicinity of the Demonic Ape Temple?

"You have no confidence?"

Gu Chensha said deliberately. He knew that if he wanted Long Yuyun to have hope, she would side with him. "I stole this Seven Saints Heart Refining Pill from the Demonic Ape Temple of Confusion. Who do you think is more dangerous, the Demonic Ape Temple of Confusion or Boss' mansion?" "What?"

Long Yuyun's eyes opened wide. "No wonder I heard news that the Chaotic Demon Ape God Temple was robbed. You were the one who did it."

"This is a top secret and you can't spread it out." Gu Chensha said, "Otherwise, there will be endless problems." "I know."

Long Yuyun was suddenly pumped up, "As expected, I didn't misjudge you. Although the Crown Prince has many experts, compared to the Chaotic Demon Ape God Temple, they aren't worth mentioning at all. You were actually able to steal treasures from there, so saving my family will be as easy as flipping your hand. Do you have extra Seven Saint Heart Pills?" "I can give this to you." Gu Chensha pushed it over.

"Really?" Long Yuyun didn't dare to believe it and didn't take it, "Do you know how much this pill is worth?

Even Dao Realm Nine Transformation Realm experts with the Glass Jade Body would fight to snatch it. Using it is the same as listening to the ancient Seven Saints talk about the Dao. " "In my eyes, talent is priceless."

Gu Chensha changed the topic, "No one uses it and turns it into combat strength to change heaven and earth to protect the Dao. This pill is no different from a stone. Even a horse needs someone to recognize it." "You are an amazing person and will shine brightly in the future."

At this moment, Long Yuyun also began to admit certain things. "I'll accept it. Don't worry, I'll do my best in all matters regarding your fief. Currently, Icydew is wavering and placing bets everywhere, but there's nothing she can do about it. There are some things that she can't decide.

"I understand all that."

Gu Chensha understood that Jianghu existed everywhere. There were factions fighting in the imperial court, and the Baoyu Nation might have even more intense fights. "But sometimes, only by having a firm belief can we overcome difficulties. If we waver, we will end up with nothing."

"I will talk to Cold Dew in detail. After all, it seems like you are the reliable one." Long Yuyun expressed her opinion.

"That's good. Let's go. Your Dragon Bone Sword should have the ability to fly, right?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Indeed, but the Dragon Bone Sword won't be able to carry me for too long, at most a hundred miles. Once the Spiritual Qi within it is exhausted, it will fall into a deep slumber unless it is soaked in Spirit Liquid or placed in a Spirit Gathering Formation to recover.

The Dragon Bone Sword is used to kill enemies and I can't use it to fly. "Long Yuyun shook her head," Do you know how expensive spiritual liquid is? One drop can be sold for thousands or even tens of thousands. "

Although the Dragon Bone Sword had turned into a bone dragon, the spiritual energy within could only be used to attack for a short period of time. Moreover, the sword couldn't absorb spiritual energy by itself and had to be nourished in a Spirit Gathering Formation or drip spiritual liquid in.

Normally speaking, after the Dragon Bone Sword was used up, it would need to be placed in a Spirit Gathering Formation for 49 days to recover. Of course, that depended on the strength of the Spirit Gathering Formation. If it was a strong Spirit Gathering Formation, then it wouldn't take so long. But drip spiritual liquid on it and it could be used immediately.

From this point of view, the five swords of Liu Yu and the other four were real divine weapons that could absorb and release spiritual energy by themselves. Such treasures had basically surpassed the category of treasures. Even the current Great Dragon Armor couldn't absorb and release spiritual energy by itself.

In fact, 99% of Immortal Treasures were like this. The Horned Dragon Armor was different from this. It could only be activated by absorbing sunlight. However, there was a drawback, which was that it would slowly get damaged. Immortal Treasures couldn't absorb spiritual energy. Not only would they not get damaged, but they would also advance.

The first thing Gu Chensha did this time was to build a large Spirit Gathering Formation in his fief so that the Horned Dragon Armor wouldn't get damaged.

"You took my Heavenly Dragon Spirit Gathering Banner, and you've accumulated quite a bit of spirit elixir over the past few days. Why are you complaining about being poor?" Gu Chensha pointed out Long Yuyun's little trick. "It's time for you to return the Heavenly Dragon Spirit Gathering Banner to me."

"Of course. Actually, I have a big family business. No matter how much money I have, it won't be enough for me to spend. I will use the spiritual liquid to build your fief."

Long Yuyun was very obedient. She was afraid that Gu Chensha would change his mind and not save her family. "Actually, if I take out the Seven Sacred Heart Refinement Pill you gave me, it will be enough for the Lu Clan to build a city." "I won't invite the Lu Clan."

Gu Chensha said, "Although the Lu Clan has been great craftsmen for generations, they are still a little lacking compared to the imperial court's Celestial Designer Institution. I plan to find the people with power in the Celestial Designer Institution and hire them to build my fief."

"That's not a bad idea. If you are willing to give up this Seven Sacred Heart Refinement Pill, the big shots of the Celestial Designer Institution will come immediately." Long Yuyun nodded repeatedly.

"Since that's the case, let's go."

Gu Chensha grabbed Long Yuyun and the Great Dragon Armor on his body started to crackle. It suddenly extended and wrapped Long Yuyun up. He then turned invisible and flew into the sky.

"How much Sky Dew did you use to upgrade your armor? It actually reached such a stage. "

Long Yuyun was wrapped in the armor but she was able to breathe smoothly. She looked at the white clouds below and the mountains and rivers getting further and further away. She couldn't help but be shocked. "Even if I fly at full speed, I can't reach such speed and height.

Also, this kind of flight consumes a lot of spiritual energy. Is there enough spiritual energy in the armor? "

This was the first time Gu Chensha used the Great Dragon Armor to fly at full speed. It was actually faster than a hawk and even a Dao Realm Transformation Seven expert wouldn't be able to catch up to him. It would be extremely easy for him to escape.

He also sensed that after swallowing large amounts of Dragon Transformation Liquid, the Great Dragon Armor had undergone changes that he couldn't understand.

But his mind was connected to the Great Dragon Armor and he could sense that flying at such a high speed would consume spiritual energy quickly. In just a few hundred breaths, he would fall down and lose his ability to protect himself. He would smash into a meat patty.

Without the support of spiritual energy, the Great Dragon Armor would lose all its uses and it would become a dead object. It would be no different from a rock.

At the same time, he sensed that the fastest speed of the Great Dragon Armor was three to four times that of a hawk. If he wanted to be faster, he would have to evolve it. He flipped his palm and a Spirit Crystal appeared. It was the size of a bean and was really heavy.

After he took it out, the Great Dragon Armor wriggled and wrapped it up. It was like it was swallowing something and slowly digesting it. Weng …

After swallowing it, the Great Dragon Armor was instantly replenished by spiritual energy. It was as if it had eaten some powerful medicine.

This Spirit Crystal was the size of a bean, but after it melted, it would be able to turn into a large vat of Spiritual Liquid. How much could it turn into?

The Great Dragon Armor wrapped it up and slowly digested it. It was enough to last for a long period of time.

"Spirit Crystal."

Long Yuyun was shocked again. "What kind of good stuff do you have on you? You even have a Spirit Crystal.

It seems like you really obtained a lot of good stuff from the Demonic Ape Temple. Can you tell me more? " "You will know in the future."

Gu Chensha was being mysterious. With the support of this Spirit Crystal, the Great Dragon Armor could fly for ten days and ten nights without a problem. Moreover, he had obtained a gourd of Spirit Crystals, which contained a total of fifteen of them. After flying for less than two hours, they could see the majestic Great Wall in the distance.

As expected, outside the Great Wall, there was construction everywhere. Fortress after fortress rose from the ground, and orderly roads extended into the Wilderness like a spider web. Large amounts of wood were being cut down to form manors. There was an endless stream of people like ants. Countless aristocratic families, rich people, and merchant groups had come to the Wilderness to fight for land.

The land outside the Wilderness was worthless, but now, it was even more expensive than inside the Wilderness.

Everyone saw a business opportunity. If there was land outside the Wilderness, they could build manors or markets, and they could be the first to buy all kinds of leather goods, beast meat, spiritual herbs, and treasures.

"Who would have thought that in just a short month, Imperial Father would truly mobilize the strength of the people and open up the situation in the Wilderness. The princes would fight at the frontlines and hold back the barbarian army. At the back, there were large scale constructions, attracting countless experts from the people as reinforcements. Moreover, they were enticed by benefits. Unlike in history, there were great emperors who used the strength of the entire empire to conquer the barbarians. In the end, they drove the barbarians even further away, but their empire declined.

Gu Chensha could almost see the Great Yong Empire's luck like a blazing fire, like gold, like a divine kingdom on earth.