Chapter 290
===========

"I hope Zhuge Ya is truly willing to work for the Celestial Calmness Department. If he's an enemy, it'll be too terrifying."

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue exchanged a glance. They saw Zhuge Ya multitask. He absorbed the power of the stars and circulated it within his body. He even took in many other unknown energies and arranged them in a way that was in no way inferior to the Buzhou Palace. He also had many strange ideas. He pushed the Heavenly Demon Tome and the Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art to their limits.

The Heavenly Demon Tome itself was a peerless art, and the Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art was a star theory created by Wen Hong, who was a son of the heavens. He had comprehended all sorts of divine abilities.

Both of these techniques pointed directly to the Saints and contained the supreme principles of the Great Dao of the Origin. Zhuge Ya, on the other hand, was able to innovate and come up with something completely new.

Watching Zhuge Ya's cultivation, Gu Chensha felt that this person could be his teacher. Zhuge Ya's comprehension and application abilities far surpassed his own. As expected of the Lord of Seven Stars. He had no choice but to accept it.

During this period of cultivation, Gu Chensha gave Zhuge Ya the book of light that Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman had given him to read. Every time Zhuge Ya gained more knowledge, his thinking ability would increase by another level.

Zhuge Ya's comprehension of all sorts of martial arts was like the creation of heaven and earth. However, he also had his uses. He didn't just blindly expend energy. He cultivated underground, working with the Black Tortoise to absorb starlight and transform the earth.

Deep underground, he perfected the Black Tortoise's formation, refining the earth into an unshakable diamond.

With him at the center, the rocks for several kilometers around him were all infused with the power of the stars. They became dazzling and dazzling, resembling jade.

This was the result of absorbing starlight and mixing it with spiritual energy to refine the rocks into Stellar Jade. Then he laid them out to increase the land's spirituality and defensive capabilities.

After he refined ordinary rocks, not even Daoist flying swords could pierce them. Even experts' Nascent Spirits and psyche couldn't pry into them. Rumble!

Zhuge Ya transformed again. The power of the stars turned into thick starlight and bombarded his body, causing his entire body to be covered with a starry robe.

After a full six to eight hours, he finally stopped. The starlight dissipated, and he returned to normal.

He opened his eyes and looked at Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue. He bowed deeply. "Many thanks to you for teaching me the Heavenly Demon Tome and the Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art, allowing me to master them thoroughly and truly activate the power of the seven stars in my body. As the Lord of Seven Stars, I command the stars, and I'm adept at using the power of the myriad stars to transform my body. I have comprehended many things from this, and I hope to share them with you two. " As he spoke, he sent a thought over.

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue accepted his thoughts and realized that he had comprehended many of his experiences. These were all pioneering things, and his wonderful ideas made Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue gasp in amazement.

"Mister Zhuge is too polite. Your comprehension of the Heavenly Demon Tome is deeper than ours. If we all comprehend it together, it will be much faster and more perfect than thinking alone. We still have to rely on Mister Zhuge's wisdom in the future." "That's right.

Mister Zhuge actually cultivated a Nascent Spirit so quickly and advanced continuously without encountering any obstacles. We've never even heard of such a cultivation speed, let alone seen it. It's not even recorded in the history books. I don't think there's anyone in the Mystic Dao Sect who can compare to you in terms of aptitude. "Lou Baiyue's eyes flickered." By the way, Mister Zhuge, what do you think of the Heavenly Demon Tome? Now that you've cultivated a Nascent Spirit, can you open the Heavenly Demon Tome with us? Capture that Aunt Hu Shen? " "I've been planning this for the Celestial Calmness Department."

Zhuge Ya returned to his role as a strategist. "Right now, I'm about to truly fuse the seven-star profundities into my Nascent Spirit. Originally, cultivating the Glass Jade Body would reveal some things, but with the help of the Black Tortoise's Nest and the Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art, I was able to cover it up. But after cultivating a Nascent Spirit, I can't delay any longer. Otherwise, the longer it takes, the more dangerous it will be.

The Celestial Calmness Department has a solid foundation and is full of talents, but we lack time. We still can't deal with the giant antiques. We have to open the Heavenly Demon Tome, but it contains many of the demon race's secrets. I heard from the two department heads that the primogenitor of the demon race, the North Star Emperor, is inside. We can't act rashly.

Even if I become the Lord of Seven Stars and become a true Sage, I might not be able to deal with the North Star Emperor. " "Mister, are you saying that there's nothing we can do?

But to tell the truth, your status as the Lord of Seven Stars is no small matter. If you cause a manifestation and experts come to fight for it, it'll be extremely difficult for the Celestial Calmness Department to hold them off. "Gu Chensha spoke the truth." If we can open the Heavenly Demon Tome, our chances of success will increase. " "Then our only option is to drive the tiger to devour the wolf."

Zhuge Ya said, "I already have a plan. Since I'm in the Celestial Calmness Department, I have to make plans for it. If my speculations are correct, the two department heads have already begun their plan. " "Why do you say that?" Gu Chensha's eyes flashed.

"Your Highness, your cultivation base has advanced recently. You've actually formed a Nascent Spirit.

Congratulations. The first is that you've refined the profound truths of the stars into your body. As the Lord of Seven Stars, I'm actually the king of all stars. As long as I'm around, I can attract the attention of countless reincarnated stars. Based on your auras, I can tell that you've refined the profound truths of Heavenly Sin and Earthly Evil. "

Zhuge Ya smiled. "This move has caused the cultivation of the two department heads to improve greatly, which is a cause for celebration. Putting aside the fact that there will be more assurance in the future, the second point is that the dragon gate in your Highness' body has already been reborn and seems to have absorbed the dragon-making qi. In that case, you must have obtained the dragon-making pill from Gu Tanjian's body. As for how you obtained it, I believe that only earth-shattering news would be able to make someone like Gu Tanjian willingly hand over the pill." "Good, good, good!"

Gu Chensha repeatedly clapped his hands. His heart was filled with shock. Zhuge Ya was truly terrifying. With just a glance, he was able to speculate that he was on the mark. This kind of person far surpassed him.

"In truth, I've also speculated that the two department heads aren't the type to just sit around and wait for death. In the current situation, the best method is to drive the tiger to swallow the wolf," said Zhuge Ya.

"I do have a plan, but as for the specifics, I'll have to ask you to help me perfect it."

Gu Chensha knew that his plan couldn't be considered flawless. He needed Zhuge Ya's help in perfecting it. Only then could it be truly flawless.

"Of course. Right now, I'm going to sell my information to Wu Dangkong."

Zhuge Ya said, "We'll let the Wu family and Gu Tanjian suspect and attack each other. We'll be able to take advantage of that. However, we'll need to find a suitable person to sell to Wu Dangkong. " "Who do you think is suitable?" Lou Baiyue interrupted.

"Of course, it's Jin Suibo." Zhuge Ya said.

"But last time, Jin Suibo rejected Wu Dangkong's recruitment. It seems that the two of them even fought. Jin Suibo came back and told us everything.

We didn't ask too much. We don't suspect the people we use, and we don't use the people we suspect. "This was Gu Chensha's style of doing things.

"That's a good style. However, Jin Suibo most likely has the profundities of the stars. Unfortunately, he's not the reincarnation of Heavenly Star. He must have used some sort of magical item, some sort of secret magic. In a critical moment, he was able to steal the workings of Heaven, causing the profundities of the stars to fall into his hands.

Zhuge Ya said, "Including the two of you, I'm afraid there will be trouble in the future after you steal the profound of Heavenly Sin and Earthly Evil."

"Don't worry, the tribulations will actually raise your cultivation base." Gu Chensha didn't care at all, "In that case, shall we let Jin Suibo go look for Wu Dangkong?"

"Let me have a chat with Jin Suibo." Zhuge Ya cupped his fists, "I'll definitely accomplish great things for you." "Good, with Mister Zhuge here, we don't have to worry." Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue were overjoyed.

"The two of you have a bright future ahead of you, far surpassing me. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor's plans are definitely far-reaching. Actually, now is the time to bet on the treasures. Should I bet on the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's side, or the Heavenly Dao's side? I came here on the orders of the Heavenly Dao, and should follow it. However, I have high hopes for the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, and the temperament of the two of you attracted me. After careful consideration, I came up with a plan to rely on them. "Zhuge Ya was very sincere.

"Then I'll leave it to you, Mister." Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue nodded. They watched as Zhuge Ya's body moved slightly, and then he disappeared.

"With this person's current cultivation base, he can kill a Golden Dan of the Great Dao like Jing Fanxing without the help of any treasures," Gu Chensha evaluated.

In the Celestial Calmness Department, Jin Suibo was reading through some documents. He also held great authority now, and under his command were the sect leaders of the second and third-rate immortal dao sects. Together, they could summon the wind and summon the rain. In the immortal dao, they were a considerable power. Although they couldn't compare to the 72 orthodox immortal dao sects, they were gradually infiltrating the immortal dao. Many of the immortal dao's businesses were under his control, and while bringing in large amounts of income for the Celestial Calmness Department, he was also making a lot of money.

"Mister Jin, how have you been?" Just as he was reading through the documents, Zhuge Ya walked in and greeted him.

When Jin Suibo saw Zhuge Ya, he was shocked. He hurriedly bowed. "Greetings, Mister Zhuge. Mister Zhuge has come out of seclusion, and your cultivation base has improved greatly. Congratulations."

"Alright, Mister Jin. I came here today because I have an extremely important matter to discuss with you."

Zhuge Ya waved his hand. He looked around, and with a wave of his hand, stars enveloped the entire palace, isolating it from the others.

Jin Suibo's expression changed slightly. "I didn't expect Mister Zhuge to have cultivated to such a level." "Mister Jin, are you sincerely working for the Celestial Calmness Department? What do you think of the three department heads? "

After Zhuge Ya sat down, he took out a pot of tea as if by magic. He poured a cup for Jin Suibo, then asked.