Chapter 856
===========

Before the future, there were only so many factions. The first was naturally the Heavenly Court, and the second was the Underworld. The Heavenly Court was in charge of the overall situation, while the Underworld controlled reincarnation.

The Lord of the Underworld was a subject of the Emperor Of Heaven, but he could also be considered a powerful feudal lord.

There were countless experts in the Underworld, but they had yet to appear. Zhuge Ya was already prepared.

The Lord of the Underworld was called the King of Hell, also known as the Lord of Samsara. His strength could be on the same level as the Lord of Sun and Moon in the future. He could not be underestimated. Moreover, there were many experts similar to the Heavenly Kings under him, also known as the King of Hell. Compared to the Heavenly Kings, they were at most slightly weaker. These were also the future enemies of the Calming Deities Department. The Underworld would definitely support the Heavenly Court and submit to the Emperor Of Heaven.

The Underworld was the most cunning and sinister in the future. He did not know who the Lord of the Underworld was, so Zhuge Ya had to be careful.

At this time, Gu Chensha was already inside the Divine Land Gourd, refining and merging Primeval Dragon Gate.

"Eh? The Great Spirit God is missing? "

Gu Chensha frowned. He realized that some of the three thousand True Gods had disappeared, such as the Great Spirit God, the Chaotic Demonic God Ape, and God Maha. They were not in Primeval Dragon Gate, and they seemed to have cut off their connection with Primeval Dragon Gate.

However, there were still more than two thousand True Gods in the depths of Primeval Dragon Gate. These True Gods were living in independent God Nations. When they realized that they were imprisoned and could not leave, they were all shocked.

"Everyone, I am the Head of the Calming Deities Department, Gu Chensha. I have already killed the Heavenly King of Jinmen. Now, Primeval Dragon Gate has been devoured by me.

If you are obedient and submit to the Calming Deities Department, I guarantee that you will be fine. If you do not submit, you will be stripped of your True God status and reduced to mortals. " Gu Chensha's will instantly swept through the many God Nations. All the Gods in the God Nations gathered and saw Gu Chensha in the core of Primeval Dragon Gate.

"It really is you, Gu Chensha."

A true deity walked out. Her entire body was made of jade, and she was a woman. She was a Jade Deity, and she was originally an ancestor of Precious Jade Country. Because she had cooperated with an ancient emperor to quell a rebellion, she was conferred the title of a true deity by the ancient emperor.

"So it's you, Jade Deity. Your descendants have all joined the Calming Immortal Department. They're all at the Saint and God level. That's especially true of Frosty Jade Dew and Yuhuan Lu. She's already reached the 34 Dao Realm Transformations, and will soon reach the peak of the 36 Transformations. She'll soon become an Empyrean, and it won't be difficult for her to surpass your ancestor."

Jade Deity's cultivation was only at the peak of the 36 Transformations, so it would be extremely difficult for him to break through to the Celestial Lord level.

Even if one became a True Deity, wanting to break through to the Empyrean Realm also required tremendous lucky chances.

The advantage of a True God was that their lifespan was ten times longer than ordinary Gods and Sages.

Generally speaking, once one reached the God level, their lifespan would be ten thousand years. Sages would be slightly longer, but even the longest Sage would not exceed twenty thousand years.

True Gods basically had a lifespan of a hundred thousand years. With such a long lifespan, one would have a terrifying accumulation and deep comprehension. One would have a higher chance of breaking through to the Empyrean Realm.

But out of the True Gods, only The Great Spirit God, God Maha, and Chaotic World Demon God Ape had reached the Empyrean Realm. Apart from them, there was no one else.

Of course, he was also at the 36 Transformations of the Dao Realm. He had the True God Realm and was much stronger than normal Sages. True Gods had long lifespans, strong combat strength, and many methods.

"I was coerced by Sect Jin King. Now that he was killed, naturally, I will join you. I hope to borrow your strength to break through to the Empyrean Realm."

Jade Deity said, "Dragon Deity, Sea Deity, Fish Deity, Shark Deity, Whale Deity, Treasure Deity, Wind Deity, and Rain Deity, we are of the same breath and branch. We are bound together for good or bad.

My suggestion is to stop hesitating. If you hesitate, then all of you will lose all your God Positions. " "We are willing to join you." Jade Deity and the other True Gods all submitted.

Among the three thousand True Gods, there were also many groups. In the long years of the past, the battles between True Gods were also very intense. Naturally, they would form factions. There were even many True Gods who fell in the battles, such as Longevity God, the ancient Five Seasons God, and Hercules God.

Seeing Jade Deity's group submit, the other True Gods knew that they had no way to fight Gu Chensha in terms of strength. They all knelt down and worshipped him.

"Lightning God, Water God, Dark Emperor, and the others have all disappeared. There is also Hell Snake and Sun Swallowing Bashe.

The Great Spirit God, Maha, and Chaotic World Demon God Ape have all cut off their priests. It seems like they have experts guiding them. "

Gu Chensha circled around. This time, he was prepared to kill The Great Spirit God, but this undying cockroach had escaped once again.

Fortunately, Gu Chensha did not care. He appeased these True Gods and accumulated sacrifices. Then, he let them operate and build in his Divine Land Gourd. After the Divine Land became the Heavenly Court, it could accommodate the common people as a base and a last resort.

At this moment, the interior of the Divine Land Gourd had undergone an earth-shattering change. The Divine Land Gourd had fused with the Primordial Dragon Gate.

The Primordial Dragon Gate was a supreme treasure on the same level as the Primordial Tree and the Heaven Sacrifice Decree. By devouring this treasure, Gu Chensha had accomplished a great feat. It also caused the Heavenly Court to be incomplete in the future, weakening the enemy's strength and increasing his own.

The Primordial Dragon Gate had many mysteries. It was the door of the Heavenly Court. Through this door, one could live forever. As such, the Primordial Dragon Gate contained the immortal true meaning of the rotation of the universe.

Gu Chensha sat in the Divine Land Gourd and watched the Primordial Dragon Gate and the Divine Land Gourd's Origin fuse. Among them, the Origin of Heavenly King of Jin was also added.

The Five Elements Great Thousand World in the depths of the Primordial Dragon Gate had turned into surging Five Elements Essence Qi, nourishing the gourd. Rumble!

In the depths of the gourd, the True God Prefecture suddenly shone with billions of rays of light. Strands of aura lit up the endless void. In that void, a dazzling and perfect Flower of the Future was born. Gu Chensha's strength was being violently cleansed.

A mental cultivation method appeared above his head. This mental cultivation method was more profound than the Dragon Nurturing, Dragon Creation, and Holy Dragon Mental Cultivation Method. It even surpassed the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art. This was the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method that Gu Chensha wanted to derive.

Of course, this mental cultivation method was only in its embryonic form and was far from success. Once it succeeded, this mental cultivation method could overturn the control of the Heavenly Dao and allow all living beings to obtain true freedom. At that time, a situation that had never been imagined in the world would appear.

"The Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method does have some exquisite aspects. My intelligence isn't enough to condense it into the complete version. It's just some of my own thoughts, but it has already revealed all of my essence. The profound mysteries of the Primordial Dragon Gate have all been absorbed and comprehended by me." Gu Chensha's body shook, and the energy within was perfectly wriggling. Then, he flicked his finger. Buzz!

As the sacrificial power within the Divine Land Gourd surged, it suddenly extracted true immortal substances from within. Then, these substances turned into the true True God Throne, exactly the same as the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Ceremony.

"True God Throne, go!

Let's all become True Gods under the Common People's Commanders. "As Gu Chensha spoke, the True God Throne broke through the void.

At this moment, in the world, there was one more true True God Throne under the 360 Common People's Commanders who controlled the entire situation. Instantly, the aura of True Gods surged from their bodies.

In the past, Gu Chensha had done this before, but at that time, the True God Throne he condensed was not complete, and in fact, it didn't have much of an effect. But now, his True God Throne was no different from the True God Throne created by the ancient Son of Heaven's God Sealing Ceremony.

In other words, Gu Chensha could now extract the sacrificial power of the people in the world to condense a true True God Throne, even without the Heaven Sacrificial Decree.

Back in the ancient times, there weren't many people in China. Even the ancient Son of Heaven, at his peak, could only confer a few True Gods. There were so many True Gods in history, and they were accumulated over thousands of years and hundreds of generations of Sons of Heaven. But in the current China, there were many people, and the strength of the people was more than 10,000 times that of the ancient Son of Heaven. The sacrificial power produced was like a landslide and a tsunami at every moment, and it was uncontrollable. Gu Chensha extracted the immortal substances from it to condense three hundred True God Thrones, and he seemed to be calm and relaxed, as if it was effortless.

The Common People's Commander himself was a Saint, and now that he had obtained the True God Throne, their calculation and control abilities increased greatly. They began to spread their ideas, govern the world, and pacify the people. At the same time, they prepared for the upcoming calamity of China and the relocation of the people.

In the world, the fate of the country flourished once again. The Common People's True God aura swept around, explaining all sorts of things to the people.

At the same time, the Common People's Commander and the Calming Immortal Bureau joined forces, starting a new round of cleansing.

At this time, Xuan Xin, Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, Gu Tanjian, and Gu Changjian were still attacking the Heavenly Mother Formation in the royal palace. Xuan Xin's eyes were bloodshot, and he was determined to capture the concubines of the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign, ravaging all of them to take revenge.

But now, the Heavenly Mother Formation was getting stronger and stronger, and even with the power of the four barren lands, they couldn't do anything to it.

"Not good!"

All of a sudden, Gu Tanjian's expression changed, "Everyone, something bad has happened, I need to retreat quickly. Heavenly King of Jin is in trouble, he fell into Gu Chensha's trap and lost the Dragon Gate of the School of Jin, and his own origin energy was also refined. Gu Chensha is now calculating something that surpasses the Saint Dragon Heart Sutra, and he wants everyone in the world to cultivate it, becoming a Divergent. If he succeeds, I'm afraid we won't have a chance to make a comeback. Let's leave quickly. "

As he spoke, Gu Tanjian had already transformed into a longsword, slashing through space and leaving first.