Chapter 747
===========

The Grand Preceptor Wen Hong had once been the Son of the Heavens, and the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree had most likely fallen into his hands. This was what many of the old-timers had speculated before Gu Taxian had appeared in the world.

However, Gu Taxian had appeared out of nowhere, shattering almost everyone's understanding. All rules and principles had been shattered by him.

As for where Gu Taxian had come from, no one knew. However, many of the old-timers did know that he was invincible throughout heaven and earth.

In fact, he had even forcibly removed Wen Hong's Heavenly Sacrifice Decree, laying the foundation for Gu Chensha's advancement.

However, in the calculations of many of the old-timers, Wen Hong was still the Son of Heaven, while the world had undergone a different transformation.

This had led to many strange events. The Dharma Saint had caused some of the old-timers to be unable to clearly see the path of the future.

Think about it. For example, if the Dharma Saint were to calculate the past and the future, he would discover that the world he was in was completely different from the one he had calculated. He would go insane.

In reality, the Divine Central Plains was clearly controlled by the Celestial Tranquility Department, and the Yongchō had expanded. The Heavenly Talisman Grand Emperor was Gu Taxian.

But according to his calculations, there was no such person as Gu Taxian in the Divine Central Continent. There was no Yong Dynasty, and there was no Department of Tranquil Immortals. Wen Hong was the Emperor. The situation was still the Barbarians invading and the Devil Tribe running out of the Bottomless Sea of Sin. Which was real, and which was illusory? No one could say for sure. The workings of heaven were chaotic, and it was extremely difficult to predict. This was what the Dharma Saint had referred to as the "Infinite Nightmare".

"I was actually brought into this situation by the will of the Heavenly Realm?"

Gu Chensha familiarized himself with the situation in front of him. He closed the almanac and calmed his mind. He took another deep breath and his cultivation rose again. He felt that he had to figure out if the world in front of him was real, or if his previous world was real, or if both were illusory. Once he got to the bottom of this matter, his cultivation base would definitely advance.

"My Heaven's Path Art should be able to see through all worlds, real and illusory."

Gu Chensha thought to himself, 'Even the will of the Heaven Realm can't stop me. If I'm not wrong, my real body is still inside the sphere of Common People's Wish, while my will has entered the dream that the Heaven Realm is pulling me into. Breaking the dream and waking up from it, that's what I need to do.' In the end, Gu Chensha strengthened his conviction.

In between breaths, Gu Chensha could vaguely sense his Heavenly Dao Technique. He immediately deduced and understood his situation. In this dream, he was a dissolute hedonistic young master called Chen Mo Jun. His father was called Chen Renming. As a marquis of the imperial court, his status was extraordinary.

No matter what, he had to keep his composure and wait until he completely understood this "dream" before making any further plans.

"Young Master, if you still don't go over, Old Master will be angry," the servant girl said again.

"Let's go."

Gu Chensha followed the servant girl out of his room. They passed through layers of courtyards, many fake mountains, gardens, corridors, and finally arrived at a quiet study.

This study was very big. It was almost in the midst of flowers and trees. Between the blooming flowers and the fluttering butterflies, it was like a paradise on earth. Entering the study, there were bookshelves everywhere, filled with all sorts of rare ancient books.

At a glance, there were at least hundreds of thousands of books here. If it was an ordinary person, they might not be able to finish reading them in their entire lifetime.

In the middle of the bookshelves stood a person. This person had a dignified appearance and wore scholarly robes. He had a long beard and exuded a rich aura of nobility. One look and one could tell that he was a person of high status and authority. He often gave out orders and was an arrogant person. This person was the father of Gu Chensha's Chen Mo Jun, Chen Renming.

"Unfilial son, kneel!" Seeing Gu Chensha walk in, Chen Renming shouted fiercely.

Gu Chensha naturally wouldn't kneel. Who was he? He was the son of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Even in his dreams, he wouldn't feign civility. This world in front of him might very well be formed by the will of the Heavenly World. He wanted to defeat the will of the Heavenly World.

However, before he understood the truth of this world, he wouldn't act rashly. He only shook violently as waves of aura radiated from his body, connecting to the spiritual qi of heaven and earth, "I've worked very hard and just stepped into the Dao Realm.

Among the various great clans, there are probably only a few disciples who can step into the Dao Realm. " "What?" Chen Renming's expression changed, "You actually stepped into the Dao Realm?

You've been idling around all day and you don't even know how to cultivate. How did you suddenly step into the Dao Realm? " "I had some fortuitous encounters."

Gu Chensha naturally wouldn't call Chen Renming 'father'. In fact, he didn't even bother to feign civility, "Now, I can go to the imperial court to make contributions. It would be best if I can become the Emperor's bodyguard."

The current Emperor was Wen Hong. He wanted to see if there were any similarities between the Wen Hong in the dream and the Wen Hong in the real world.

He believed that the world in the dream and the real world definitely had something to do with each other. Perhaps after meeting Wen Hong, many things could be easily solved.

"I wonder if there are Wan Senshi, the Immortal Lord, the Three Great Heavenly Venerables, or even the 72 Immortal Dao Mystical Sects in this world?"

Gu Chensha thought, "If there are these sects, then this world is most likely real. My Heavenly Dao Art can dispel the false and retain the true." "Hmph!" At this time, Chen Renming suddenly struck out with his palm. Chi la!

There was a flash of light, and a snake-shaped Connate Stellar Energy shot out. It turned into a rope, trying to tie him up.

"The seventh transformation of the Dao Realm, leaving the ground and soaring into the air. Connate Stellar Energy can be used at will, and it can be absorbed back after leaving the body. To think that his cultivation has reached such a level!"

Gu Chensha was rather surprised. He hadn't expected Chen Renming's cultivation to have reached such a level.

The world before him was not the one that had experienced the World Eruption of Fortuitous Encounters, the rapid development of Daoist techniques, and the painstaking distribution of Human Dragon Pills by the Celestial Tranquility Department.

Based on the development of the Divine Central Plains, Dao Realm experts were already very powerful. They had a transcendent status and were not subject to the jurisdiction of the imperial court.

"Heavenly Dao Art, absorb!"

Gu Chensha's heart stirred. Somehow, his Heavenly Dao Art could no longer be sealed. Unknowingly and inexplicably, a trace of it had surged out. In an instant, the snake-like Innate Gang Qi was silently devoured by an invisible force.

"What? You've devoured my Connate Stellar Energy?

Just how strong is your cultivation? Who are you? You're not my son at all. "Chen Renming's attack had failed, and he retreated. He had clearly sensed something.

"No, I just received the energy of the three Celestial Sovereigns."

Gu Chensha suddenly had an idea. "The three Celestial Sovereigns told me that the Heavenly Dao is about to undergo a great change, and that I am an anomaly in the great tribulation. I will have great accomplishments in the future." "What? The three Celestial Sovereigns? "

Chen Renming took a few more steps back. He was a marquis of the imperial court, and he seemed to know some secrets. "These ethereal existences really came to find you? The Heavenly Dao is about to undergo a great change? " "That's right. This is our family's secret. I am now very powerful."

Gu Chensha said, "The matter of the three Celestial Sovereigns must not be spread, or we will be destroyed. The three Celestial Sovereigns allowed me to get close to His Majesty. There will be great benefits."

"This …" Chen Renming still couldn't believe it. After thinking for a while, he waved his hand. "You can leave first. This matter must not be leaked, and you can't expose your strength." "I know." Gu Chensha hurriedly retreated.

As soon as he left, Chen Renming's eyes revealed a murderous intent. "The three Celestial Sovereigns really have evil intentions. They actually placed a pawn in my family. This unfilial son received the energy of the three Celestial Sovereigns, and his strength has increased to a terrifying level. Should I report this to His Majesty or not?

His Majesty holds the Heavenly Talisman and holds great power. He rules the world, but there are indeed signs of chaos recently. The barbarians in the Wilderness are gathering, and it seems that they will begin to invade again. The demons in the depths of the Bottomless Sea of Sin are appearing more and more frequently, and even the imperial court can't resist them. What should I do about this? "

At this time, Gu Chensha returned to his study. "My nonsense has messed up the situation. Let's see if I can restore all the power of the Heavenly Law.

Even in this dream, I want to realize my Life Mending Heaven Technique and make all living beings be united! This dream is the perfect opportunity for me to achieve this goal! If I succeed, I will have the hope of defeating the will of the Heaven Realm. "

He sat cross-legged again and activated his Life Mending Heaven Technique. All kinds of Taoist techniques and memories surged in. In the beginning, his Heavenly Law was still very weak, wandering in his body like a thin thread. However, as his will became more and more powerful, he felt that the restraint of the will of the Heaven Realm on him gradually weakened. Boom!

In the end, the Heavenly Law in his body was like a landslide and a tsunami. The sun and moon shone brightly, and he had recovered his strength. In the real world, inside the sphere of the Life's Wish.

Lou Baiyue stared at Gu Chensha and gradually found that Gu Chensha's stiff body seemed to come alive. In the end, it was incomparably solemn, as if he was undergoing some kind of enlightenment. At the most critical moment, Lou Baiyue immediately felt relieved. "I don't know to what extent Chensha and the will of the Heaven Realm are fighting.

What is he going through now? But looking at him like this, I'm afraid that he has already seen through some secret.

At this time, we must be on guard. If the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, knows about this, he will definitely come to deal with us. Because this is the best time for him to devour Chensha. "