Chapter 768
===========

"Who!" In this meeting, the first person to notice that something was wrong was an old man.

This old man had a high status and his eyes were jade green. Layers of flames shone above his head and that was a formless fate turning into a physical existence.

Apart from that, there seemed to be many specks of light shining around him like fireflies. These specks of light were actually worlds. This was the power that only those at the Primordial Desolate Realm could have. Moreover, in these worlds, there were many living beings that were really life-like.

Without a doubt, this old man was at peak Dao Realm 36 Transformations. He was at Embodiment Transformation Realm.

"Maha Family's current family head, the top expert, Maha Liang?"

After Gu Chensha appeared, he looked at the old man. "Not bad. The Maha Family's ancestor is God Maha. Ever since God Maha was sealed, the Maha Family lost the suppression of an Empyrean. Gradually, they were unable to resist the Heavenly Devil Race and could only rely on the Immortal Master.

But Maha Family's foundations are really deep. Although they don't have any Heaven Venerables, they have many God Realms and Saints. If they work together and rely on the medium-sized world that God Maha left, they will be able to fight their way out. All the experts in your Maha Family are gathered together?

What a guy, he has three at the peak of the Dao Realm 36 Transformations and five at the Dao Realm 35 Transformations. There are actually ten other Sages and more than 50 Deities! " Gu Chensha swept everyone present and was shocked by the Maha Family's foundations.

Although there were no Heaven Venerables, with so many experts, their strength far exceeded that of any family. Even the Legalist School couldn't compare to them. Moreover, not all of them here were the foundations of the Maha Family.

There were definitely more experts in their own medium-sized world and they definitely couldn't have left their base to go all out. From this, one could see that Celestial Lord was also nurturing the experts in the Maha Family.

The one in charge of the meeting was Gu Huansha. She had reached God Realm a long time ago and was actually at the same realm as Gu Chensha. She was at One Thought Connecting to Heaven and was about to become a Saint. Her cultivation speed was so quick and this was something that was unimaginable in the past.

But now, the general trend was rolling and fortuitous encounters were coming one after another. Even a commoner could casually pick up a rare treasure on the road and become an expert in a single leap, let alone a person like Gu Huan Sha?

As the daughter of the Heavenly Talisman Great Monarch, she possessed his bloodline. As long as she could make good use of this bloodline, she would be able to gain unparalleled strength. Gu Chensha had completely activated this bloodline and cultivated the Heavenly Dao Technique.

Naturally, he had already gained full control over the Heavenly Dao Art, turning it into his own. This was the transformation ability of the Ancient Sun and Moon Heavenly Sand. Hence, even if Gu Huansha fully activated the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Great Sovereign, she wouldn't be a match for him.

Unless Gu Huansha activated her bloodline, cultivated the Heavenly Dao Art, and devoured Gu Tiansha's source.

Only then would she have a chance to fight against Gu Chensha. Of course, there was just a chance, but it was still impossible for her to beat Gu Chensha.

One must know that Gu Chensha's strength wasn't the Heavenly Dao Technique but his own will. During these decades, who knew how much knowledge he had obtained? He merged all this knowledge and experiences together to create the shocking Common People Heaven Mending Technique. His Common People Heaven Mending Technique was the righteous path. It was majestic and invincible. So, even if Gu Huansha had his strength, without his will, it would be useless.

At this moment, Gu Chensha had experienced some things in the dream world and defeated the Heaven World's will. His heart was totally different and he had the heart to defeat everything.

When his gaze swept across, numerous experts in the core area felt a chill down their spines. They were actually terrified and didn't dare to attack.

Even three peak Dao Realm Transformation Realm experts like him felt a huge threat. It was as if he wasn't facing a person but an undefeatable universe tide, the king of the universe.

Gu Chensha's aura alone was enough to intimidate all the experts of the Heavenly Designer Institution and the Maha Clan.

"Gu Chensha, what are you doing here? Are you here to show off? "

Gu Huansha's face turned ashen white, "You have passed the tribulation and reached the God Realm. I know that your cultivation is really strong, but are you really going to attack right away and ignore the rules that father left behind to wipe out the Heavenly Craftsman Institute?" Gu Huansha naturally knew what Gu Chensha wanted to do.

The Heavenly Craftsman Institute was a thorn in the hearts of the people of the Calming Celestial Department. As long as the Heavenly Craftsman Institute was there, it would be tough for the Calming Celestial Department to gather the hearts of the people.

Similarly, if the Celestial Master wanted to gather the hearts of the people, he had to get rid of the Calming Celestial Department.

But now, the balance had obviously been lost. Gu Chensha had reached the God Realm and refined the World Tree into the Little Hongmeng Tree. Even the Celestial Master had to retreat. With such a strong aura, Gu Huansha knew that she couldn't fight back.

The only thing she could rely on was that she was appointed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian. Even Gu Chensha couldn't remove her.

"Sister, you must be joking." Gu Chensha suddenly smiled, "Why would I attack the Heavenly Craftsman Institute?

The Heavenly Craftsman Institute creates machines, builds cities, and develops the prehistoric mechanical civilization. It is a great merit to the people of the world. If not for the Heavenly Craftsman Institute, just our Calming Celestial Department alone wouldn't be able to let the people live so well. Moreover, we need the mechanical civilization of the Heavenly Craftsman Institute as a buffer to divide the people into different classes. Only then can we resolve all sorts of conflicts. I am very clear about this. " The function of the mechanical civilization was to divide the world into different classes.

If everyone in the world cultivated the Immortal Dao, it would be too monotonous. It would easily lead to a huge division. A portion of people who comprehended the Immortal Dao would be high and mighty, while the others who couldn't cultivate would be like ants or slaves.

Even if Gu Chensha continued to spread the Human Dragon Fist, it would be impossible for everyone's cultivation to be equal. There would definitely be people who would be left behind.

However, things would be different with the modification of the mechanical civilization. Some people who weren't good at cultivating could make use of the machinery to raise their strength. With this, a balance would be formed.

Another point was that the various items produced by the mechanical civilization were very cheap, and it was easier for them to be spread among millions of families. As for the treasures, spiritual qi, and formations of the Immortal Dao Civilization, it would be very difficult for ordinary people to grasp them.

Back then, when Gu Chensha stepped into the Dao Realm, he had accumulated a lot and comprehended a lot. He had even cultivated the unparalleled martial art, the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art.

Even if ordinary people cultivated the Human Dragon Fist, it wouldn't be easy for them to step into the Dao Realm. Gu Chensha knew the general trend, and he had a new understanding of the way of governing a country.

"Then why did you suddenly barge in?" Gu Huansha didn't believe Gu Chensha's words at all. This was because she knew that Gu Chensha wasn't a kind person.

If Gu Chensha was so easy to talk to, the Calming Immortal Department wouldn't be as large as it was now, having been destroyed thousands of times.

"Reforming the Celestial Designer Department."

Gu Chensha said, "The Celestial Designer Department must undergo a reform to better cooperate with the Calming Immortal Department and make preparations to strengthen the country." "How do you want to reform?

Are you going to abolish me and replace me with someone from the Calming Immortal Department? "Gu Huansha sneered.

"Royal Sister, you must be joking."

Gu Chensha ignored Gu Huansha's mockery. "The Celestial Designer Department uses the prehistoric mechanical civilization, but I feel that it can be combined with the Immortal Dao Civilization to produce a brand new model.

That's why I want to reform the Celestial Designer Department. That way, we can avoid the imperial court's decrees being the same, and the common people won't think that the court is divided into two factions. As for the royal sister and the head of the department, what do you think? More importantly, I know a lot about the mechanical civilization.

After all, my King of Common Life is the ultimate crystallization of the prehistoric civilization, the Cruiser of the Epochs.

I've brought the King of Common Life here to help you manage the Celestial Designer Department. What do you think? In addition, I'll create a host of marshals of common life to help you out.

As for the people from the House of Maha, they'll join the Calming Immortal Department in exchange. I'll give them positions. What do you think? That's an exchange of positions. No one loses out. "

With that, Gu Chensha flicked his sleeve, and the King of Common Life appeared in front of everyone, emanating the aura of a celestial. By this point, the will of the North Star Will of the King of Common Life had completely vanished.

After Gu Chensha had reached godhood and devoured the essence of Lord Sun-Moon Gu Tiansha, he could do whatever he wanted with the will of the North Star Will.

In doing so, he'd destroyed the will of the North Star Will, making it impossible for the Myriad Demon Patriarch to cause any more trouble. The King of Common Life was now a complete puppet, a true celestial.

The members of the House of Maha knew what a celestial was, and that they lacked such an expert. With a celestial, the House of Maha wouldn't need to rely on the immortal lord, and would instead be on equal footing with him.

"You! How ruthless! "

Gu Huansha's face turned even paler when she heard Gu Chensha's words. Gu Chensha had the King of Common Life 'assist' her in managing the Celestial Designer Department. What did that have to do with her? She was nothing more than a puppet. She was even more of a puppet than a puppet.

That wasn't all. Gu Chensha was also preparing to create a large number of commanders to enter the Celestial Designer Department. This way, the Celestial Designer Department would be in charge of the Celestial Designer Department.

Apart from that, Gu Chensha was even more ruthless about exchanging positions, allowing the members of the House of Maha to take up important positions in the Celestial Designer Department.

Putting it nicely, he wanted to imprison the experts of the House of Maha and use some sort of power to purify them, turning them into the source of worship for the Celestial Designer Department. This was an extremely vicious move. However, Gu Huansha couldn't do anything about it.

"What? Imperial Sister, you're not going to agree to such a good deal?

If you agree, you'll immediately have a celestial celestial expert by your side. "Gu Chensha continued pressuring her.

"Gu Chensha, don't even think about making our House of Maha your slave!" At this moment, Maha Linfeng roared. Bang!

Just as he finished speaking, Gu Chensha flicked his finger and a gust of wind pierced through Maha Linfeng's body. After that, Maha Linfeng's body was engulfed in flames as he screamed.

"Ah! Ah! Ah! " Maha Linfeng was like a devil in flames. He was already burnt beyond recognition.