Chapter 822
===========

Xuan Xin, Gu Huo, and Jing Qiu were gathered together. Seeing that Gu Chensha had left, they all heaved a sigh of relief.

Even though Xuan Xin had sounded stern, he was actually afraid that Gu Chensha would suddenly make a move. He had already calculated the strength of Gu Chensha and Jingxian Si, and he knew that he was no match for them.

"The two of you, we've formed a huge alliance in the Eastern Wasteland. We have Dharma Saint, Wan Senshi, Immortal Master, the three Heavenly Sovereigns, and Wu Dangkong. We can fight against Jingxian Si and Gu Chensha. The most important thing now is to work together to prevent this person from activating his power and taking us down one by one. If the two of you join our alliance, I'm afraid you'll be able to achieve great things." Xuan Xin immediately tried to rope them in.

"Brother Xuan Xin, I've long known that the Heaven and Earth Ancestor of the Black Heaven Earth Sect has resurrected and formed a huge alliance. But the reason why I'm not joining is very simple. There are too many people in your alliance with ulterior motives, such as the three Heavenly Sovereigns, Wan Senshi, Immortal Master, and Dharma Saint. They're all people who can stab you in the back at any time. Especially that Immortal Master, who's even Gu Taxian's woman. Who knows what she's thinking?

Maybe she's a spy. "Jing Qiu said," Furthermore, you've divided the Boundless Heart into nine parts, and there's no place for us anymore. Even if we join, we won't get any benefits. So, what's the point of doing this? " "The two of you can see it clearly."

Xuan Xin sighed and said, "I also know that working with those people is like asking a tiger for its skin. But there's no other way. If we don't form an alliance, I'm afraid we'll all be captured and killed by Jingxian Si and Gu Chensha.

Furthermore, the two of you will be forming an alliance with me, not with the three Celestials, Wan Senshi, the Immortal Master, and the Dharma Saint. Furthermore, if we form a small alliance, it will be hard to say who will emerge victorious in the future.

I know that the Dharma Saint, Wan Senshi, the Immortal Master, and especially the three great Celestial Masters are also very ambitious. It's impossible for me not to be on guard against them. If the two of you are interested, we can even refine all of them in the future. Wouldn't that be wonderful? " "This is feasible."

Gu Huo thought for a while and said, "Right now, we can only form an alliance and advance and retreat together. Only then will we be able to contend against Gu Chensha. Otherwise, we will indeed be defeated by him one by one, and in the end, all of us will be killed. His ferocious might is too great. Let's first form an alliance and wait for the Emperor Of Heaven to come out. When we fight with him, we'll be able to suppress him.

At that time, we'll be able to carry out our plan calmly. "Gu Huo also had no other choice. If he didn't come to rescue Jing Qiu this time, after Gu Chensha killed Jing Qiu, the next one to die would definitely be him. In fact, his threat was even greater than Jing Qiu's, because the imperial court didn't have any influence in the Desolate Desert. There were many island countries in the Desolate Sea, such as the Dragon Sword Island, the Ocean Roc Island, and the Treasure Jade Country. However, Gu Huo wouldn't believe Xuan Xin.

He knew that Xuan Xin was extremely cunning and didn't have much of a relationship with him. If Jing Qiu could devour Jing Fanxing's Heavenly King's Source, Xuan Xin would definitely want to devour his Heavenly King of Disaster's Source as well. They were both jackals of the same tribe. In the depths of his heart, Gu Huo was actually very envious of the Tranquil Immortal Department.

The people of the Tranquil Immortal Department never schemed against each other. They were all of one heart and one mind. They worked together, treated each other with sincerity, and shared weal and woe.

Apart from that, all the alliances plotted against each other. On the surface, they appeared to be amiable, but secretly, they couldn't wait to devour, kill, and refine their opponents. Unfortunately, it was impossible for Gu Huo to change the minds of Xuan Xin and the others.

Gu Huo could only feign civility. Of course, in Gu Huo's subconscious, he also wanted to devour Xuan Xin and Jing Qiu to obtain a great divine ability.

As the Heavenly King of Disaster, he naturally knew how noble the Heavenly King's Source was, and how great his divine ability and power would be in the future. If he could devour another Heavenly King's Source, his power wouldn't be as simple as doubling.

Furthermore, this was the best opportunity. If the Emperor Of Heaven were to appear, things would be difficult.

This was the most chaotic era, but it was also the best era. It was the era with the most opportunities. If he missed this era, it would be too late for regrets.

'Alright then. Xuan Xin, Jing Qiu, Wan Senshi, the three Heavenly Lords, the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth, the Immortal Master, the Dharma Saint, and that Wu Dangkong, I'll fight it out with you guys. Let's see if your wisdom is greater or if my methods are more tyrannical. I'm going to devour and refine all of you and seize this final opportunity.' In the depths of Gu Huo's heart, a great emotion was brewing.

"Let's form an alliance. We'll advance and retreat together, attack and defend each other." The three of them looked at each other and reached out their hands. Then, they burst out laughing.

"Brother Jing Qiu, Brother Gu Huo, I can see that your cultivation bases are unfathomable. With the heart of Desolate Desert and Desolate Sea, you'll achieve great things in the future. However, we still need to find a magical item to control Heaven's Will!" After forming an alliance, Xuan Xin revealed his plan.

"What magical item?" Gu Huo asked.

"The Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman." Xuan Xin said.

"That's right. That's the first thing we need to get."

Jing Qiu's eyes flickered as he agreed. "Wu Dangkong has great ambitions but little talent. She's useless. I don't know how the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman ended up in her hands. Ever since she got it, she hasn't been able to use its power. If we can get our hands on it, we can use the Heavenly King's Source to activate it. It'll definitely be more powerful than when it's in the hands of the Emperor." "This talisman is the key to the birth of the Emperor Of Heaven in the future."

Gu Huo said. "We have to get it. Once we get it, we can use all kinds of methods to strengthen our connection with the Heavenly Dao and improve our cultivation bases."

"In the future, the Heavenly Kings' cultivation bases should all be at the peak of the Heaven's Primal stage. Right now, we're too weak. We can't even use one percent of their power. "

Jing Qiu was at the Heavenly King stage, just one step away from the Heavenly Life stage. Gu Huo wasn't even at the Heavenly King stage. He was still at the peak of the thirty-six Saint Transformations.

However, Gu Huo could use the Heavenly King's Source and the power of the Desolate Sea's Heart. Even Heavenly Life stage antiques wouldn't be able to harm him. In fact, they might even be defeated.

"I have to get Wu Dangkong. As for the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, we'll split it evenly between the three of us.

The Dharma Saint is also waiting for an opportunity to get the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. I'll make sure his plans go down the drain. "Xuan Xin had obtained the help of Gu Huo and Jing Qiu, so he wanted to get rid of his opponents.

His first target was naturally the Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong, who were the weakest in the alliance.

Although the Dharma Saint dominated the world, compared to old antiques like Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master, he was still lacking some foundation. As for Wu Dangkong, without the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, she was nothing more than an ant.

"Brother Xuan Xin, what's your plan? Let's do it together.

There's no time to lose, "Jing Qiu said." Wu Dangkong worked with me before, but she failed miserably. She definitely doesn't have any profound schemes. On the other hand, the Dharma Saint is no small matter. We can't underestimate him. " "My plan is to work with someone else."

Xuan Xin looked at the Wildlands. "The Wildlands' Heart is in the hands of someone else, but I don't know if that person is a Heavenly King or not. We need to work with that person to have absolute confidence in using the Four Wildlands' Heart to counteract the power of the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. Then we can capture Wu Dangkong and take away the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman."

"Years ago, the Dharma Saint took Gu Xuansha's son, Gu Changjian, as his disciple, and sent him into the Barbarian Tribe to try to get the Wildlands' Heart. However, that Gu Changjian is the reincarnation of the Infinity Blade, and together with Gu Tanjian, he has some cultivation base.

Now, the two of them have unified the Barbarian Tribe and obtained destiny. Could it be that they already have the Wildlands' Heart? Let's work together. "Gu Huo calculated. Somehow, he seemed to be able to sense something.

"The three of us can work together to find the person who has the Wildlands' Heart. With the Four Wildlands' Heart and the Four Wildlands' Essence, we can even lift the Divine Prefecture and make it ascend to the heavens.

In the distant future, the Divine Prefecture will be the Heavenly Court, high and mighty, while the Four Wildlands will protect and support the Divine Prefecture. "

Jing Qiu said, "If the Four Wildlands work together, their power will not be as simple as the three of us working together. Any one of the Four Wildlands is more important than the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. The Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman is an edict from the Emperor Heaven, which allows the Son of Heaven to manage the common people and appoint gods."

"If that's the case, then let's go." The three of them formed a spell formation, and with a flicker, they disappeared. Meanwhile, in the Tranquil Immortal Department … Gu Chensha returned.

As soon as he returned, he called for a meeting of all the higher-ups. They gathered under the little Hong Meng Tree to discuss the Four Wildlands.

Zhuge Ya frowned. "I never imagined that the Four Wildlands would fall into someone else's hands. That was an oversight on our part." However, this matter had already surpassed his level of intelligence.

"There's nothing we can do about it. The Four Wildlands and the heavenly kings are the most important parts of the operation of the Heavenly Daos.

If we could control them all, the Heavenly Daos would no longer be mysterious to us. "Gu Chensha waved his hand dismissively. This matter was truly not something he could control.

"The Four Wildlands have fallen into someone else's hands," Lou Baiyue said. "The most important thing right now is the Divine Central Continent. If we can control the Divine Prefecture's Heart, then we'll be in control of the highest level of the myriad worlds. Chensha, your Divine Prefecture's Great Dao is almost at the 100th level. How is your control over the Divine Central Continent going?"

"It's not that easy. Right now, I can use the power of the Divine Central Continent to suppress others. That's because I control the will and destiny of the living beings of the Divine Central Continent. However, the true Divine Prefecture's Heart has yet to be opened to me, and I can't grasp it."

Gu Chensha had a deep understanding of this problem. "Since ancient times, no one has been able to truly grasp the Divine Central Continent's Heart. Only the future Emperor Heaven can truly obtain the Divine Central Continent's recognition. That's why the appearance of the Emperor Heaven is our greatest crisis. "