Chapter 15
==========

As Gu Chensha's cultivation base became more and more profound, he gradually gained a new understanding of the Son of Heaven's Divine Investiture Art's "Refining of Sun and Moon". Right now, he was at the peak of the fourth level of the mortal realm, but ordinary grandmasters were no match for him.

The Son of Heaven God Investiture Art was unprecedented. It allowed one to communicate with the heavens and the soul to penetrate the sun and moon. Even though he had just scratched the surface, it was far superior to other divine arts.

Moreover, he didn't need to cultivate in secret anymore. He could do it openly. Without a psychological barrier, his progress was even faster. Puff!

He stood up in the heavy snow and shook his body slightly. The snow bounced off like flying stones and hit the wall. Tiny holes appeared on the wall, as if they had been made by a gun. Then, he opened his mouth and blew. The snow that filled the sky above the courtyard was blown back.

"Not bad, not bad. My cultivation has improved."

Gu Chensha flashed again and returned to the yard under the eaves. He was so fast that he didn't leave a trace in the snow. This was the Traceless Snow Treading technique.

His godson's martial arts improved rapidly. His eyes were serious, his hands and feet were agile, and his moves were powerful and fast.

He had taken a small portion of Lou Baiyue's Constitution-Enhancing Pill, Peiyuan Pill, and Marrow-Cleansing Pill. His physique had improved, and the Tiger-Wolf Pill's medicinal power was fully unleashed. He was close to the Perfection Realm. Unfortunately, he didn't have a superior cultivation technique.

The Great Spirit God Technique wasn't suitable for his godson. As for the Son of Heaven God Investiture Art, it was even more useless. But his strength was already comparable to a martial arts master.

"Master, no one came to spy on us today, right?" His godson went out to check. There was only heavy snow and cold wind. Where would anyone come from?

"Everyone left today. After all, it's so cold. Everyone needs to hide in their rooms to warm themselves. Who would spy on us in the snow?"

Gu Chensha used his spiritual sense. Nothing could escape his spiritual sense. "I heard that after reaching the Dao Realm, there's a transformation called the Heavenly Eye. Even an ant can't escape my spiritual sense within a few thousand miles. I don't know when I can reach that level."

"Grandpa, it's snowing today. Do you want to go out for a walk?" His adopted son's martial arts had improved recently, so he wasn't afraid of the cold.

"That's fine. You stay at home and look after her. I'll go out alone and take a look at Nanshan Hill."

Gu Chensha also loved snow. Moreover, he had recently mastered his kung fu, so he wanted to go to Nanshan to hunt tigers and wolves for sacrifices. He wondered if he could get a few more tiger wolf pills.

The Tiger Wolf Pill was an ancient pill, and each one was worth a lot. If he could sell it through the market, then he would no longer be short of money.

"Just go out and admire the snow. I'm here at home."

His godson knew that Gu Chensha's martial arts were excellent and his movements were extremely fast. If he could not keep up with him, he would be a burden if he went out.

Gu Chensha nodded. His body flickered, and he left the courtyard. With a few leaps, he disappeared into the boundless snow.

Outside of the capital, there was a mansion in the south. It occupied an area of four to five hundred mu. The walls were tall, the trees were deep and serene, and the water was gurgling. It was next to a mountain that looked like a ingot. It could be said that one's head was resting on a mountain of gold and jade. The Fengshui was so good that it was rarely seen in the world. This mansion was deep within. In the most central area, a copper hall was built.

That's right, the entire hall was made of pure copper. The eaves were inlaid with gold and silver. Looking from the sky, it was a magnificent sight, like a temple of gods.

This hall covered an area of dozens of acres. In the square, there were many copper pillars arranged according to the stars in the sky, vaguely forming a huge formation.

Logically speaking, using so much metal to build a palace hall was not suitable for people to live in. During a thunderstorm, it was easy to attract lightning, and only death awaited. Moreover, such a large copper palace hall would probably consume an astronomical amount of wealth. On the horizontal board of this hall, there were two big words, "Thunder Hall". In the middle of the hall sat a man.

He looked to be in his twenties, had a sturdy build, and his face carried a strong murderous aura. He wore a brocade embroidered with cloud patterns, and his palms were wide and thick. This was the appearance of a peerless overlord in the books of physiognomy.

He moved like a wolf and flew like an eagle. He had an aura that could capture one's soul. With just a slight movement, his aura burned fiercely, making people shudder.

"Tenth Master." Suddenly, a man rushed over and knelt at the entrance of the copper hall.

"Hmm?

Lei Meng, have you reported the matter I asked you to investigate? "Tenth Master stood in the middle of the empty copper hall and spoke with a metallic voice. He was the Tenth Prince, Gu Zhensha. Zhensha was thunder.

"Thunder Slash" was cultivated in this pure copper hall. It would greatly sharpen one's spirit, and one's aura would also gradually change. The Tenth Prince's mother came from an ancient family, the Lei Clan.

With the Lei Clan's wealth, it was easy to build such a mansion and copper hall for the Tenth Prince.

Lei Meng, who was kneeling, wore a pitch-black armor. He looked strong and valiant, and had a murderous aura around him. He was a warrior who had experienced hundreds of battles. From his movements, one could tell that he was good at hiding and assassinating.

"Tenth Master, we have bribed the eunuchs in the palace. We know that the Nineteenth Prince has been practicing martial arts every day and has made some progress. He is very satisfied and went straight to Nanshan today. It seems like he is going to hunt." Lei Meng was actually aware of Gu Chensha's every move.

"Does he think that he can become famous just because he obtained the The Great Spirit God Technique?"

Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha was expressionless. "Even if you activate the Great Spirit God Bloodline, you are still no match for my Thunder God Bloodline."

"Tenth Master, you have already activated the Thunder God Bloodline?" Lei Meng raised his head in surprise.

"Almost. Recently, I have been practicing martial arts, and I feel like I have endless power in my body. This is the prelude to activating the bloodline …" Gu Zhensha stood with his hands behind his back. "Send a message to the Lei Clan. It is best if the Old Master sends the Thunder Dragon Scepter to the capital. I want to use the Lei Clan's heirloom to completely activate the Thunder God Bloodline and reach the Dao Realm."

"But …" Lei Meng hesitated. "The Thunder Dragon Scepter is the symbol of the clan leader. The Old Master won't ask for it easily."

"There are no buts. I am a prince, and the Lei Clan needs my protection in the future. Compared to the entire world, what are the rules of the Lei Clan?

I think the Old Master knows which is more important. "Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha's tone was one that could not be disobeyed.

"Yes, yes, yes …" Lei Meng nodded his head and did not dare to say anything more. Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha walked forward. "As for that trash Nineteen, he wants to make a comeback?

Back then, I broke his brain. Out of all the princes, he probably hates me the most. Although I don't care about that trash, he is still a prince. If someone uses him to deal with me, it will cause quite a bit of trouble. I have to deal with him now. " "Tenth Master, do you want me to attack that trash?" Lei Meng obeyed.

"No need. I need to borrow someone else's hand."

Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha waved his hand. "Father allowed Lou Baiyue to get close to that trash. He already has the intention of nurturing him. If I attack now, I will be going against Father's will. If I make him unhappy, I won't have a good time either.

Tell Chief Steward Xi to write me an invitation. I want to invite Lou Baiyue to a gathering tonight to discuss something important. " "Roger." Seeing that Gu Zhensha had no more orders, Lei Meng carefully retreated and left. Only Gu Zhensha was left in the huge copper palace.

"State of Dao! I must break through this and step into the State of Dao!

Big Brother, Second Brother, Third Brother, The Fourth, Seventh Brother, all of you are one step ahead of me. If I don't break through, how can I compete with you in the future? "Gu Zhensha suddenly punched. Bang!

He used all his strength. Waves of air surged and there was wind and thunder roaring in his body. It was as if a huge dragon was about to break out of his body and fly into the sky. Creak, creak …

Gu Zhensha stepped deep into the snow and breathed in the cool air. He felt indescribably comfortable and carefree. Sometimes, he really wanted to throw away all the things in Capital City and ignore the schemes and schemes there. He wanted to travel the Land of Infinity alone. Of course, this was just a thought. He knew that there were many eyes watching him and his every move might be under someone's control.

Deep in the forest, he ran furiously and left no traces on the snow. If an ordinary person saw this, they would only feel that he had passed by in a flash.

After all, his martial arts had reached the Grandmaster Realm and he was cultivating the Emperor's God Investiture Technique. If they really fought, two or three Grandmasters of the same level might not be his match. Even if he didn't have enough battle experience, it didn't matter.

Gradually, he walked for hundreds of miles and reached deeper into the mountains. Looking around, there were more mountains, white snow, and dense forests. Even a prince wouldn't go deep into the mountains when he went hunting.

"There shouldn't be anyone following me now, right? With my current strength, apart from Dao Realm experts, I can sense everyone else." Lin Fan thought to himself.

Gu Chensha looked around. Suddenly, he burrowed into the depths of the snowy ground, completely covering himself.

He used the Sun and Moon Refining Technique and completely concealed his aura. Instantly, it was like he was buried deep in a rock. Even his body scent wouldn't leak out.

Although the Sun and Moon Refining Technique was just one technique, it included meditation, Qi circulation, acupuncture points, breathing, movements, True Meaning, Space-Time, Heavenly Star, Earth Pattern, Longitude and Latitude, Soul … Gu Zhensha cultivated for several months and only grasped the surface. The more he cultivated, the more he felt that it was broad and profound.

He buried himself in the snow for a full four hours. His mind sensed a few groups of people searching nearby. It seemed like they didn't find anything, so they went far away.

"As expected, those spies are really loyal. They followed me on such a cold day and reported my whereabouts to their master.

Among them are Lou Baiyue's people, Old Eighteen, Old Ten … "The sky turned dark and Gu Zhensha came out of the snow. Everything was silent. The north wind howled and the snow became heavier. The people who followed him had already disappeared.

In this kind of dark night and snowy weather in the wilderness, even Grandmasters couldn't last for long. Normal experts would definitely freeze to death.

After getting rid of these people, Gu Zhensha was even more relaxed. He could catch tigers and wolves to refine pills.

At this time, the tigers and wolves in the forest were also hiding in their nests. It was extremely easy to catch them. In the middle of the night, he had caught three evil wolves and three evil tigers. He used the Five Colored Earth Altar and medicinal ingredients to make sacrifices and obtained another three Tiger Wolf Pills.

"Unfortunately, the Tiger Wolf Pill can only be used once. It won't be effective the second time. If my little godson wants to increase his strength, he can only rely on himself.

It will be troublesome to sell three Tiger Wolf Pills and I don't have people to train. This is really troublesome. "Gu Zhensha thought about how to use the Tiger Wolf Pill.

The Tiger Wolf Pill could turn a weak person into a Tiger Wolf Warrior, but that was all there was to it. It was a highly sought-after item for wealthy families, but for the current Gu Chensha, he could only exchange it for enough money because he had no one he could trust to nurture.

While he was thinking, suddenly, a bright light shot into the sky and then disappeared. However, in an instant, it was like lightning cutting through the sky, illuminating an area.

"What is that? Could it be that a treasure has been unearthed?

What a strong aura. "Gu Zhensha's body shot out like lightning towards the place where the bright light shot into the sky.