Chapter 126
===========

"What? Black Tortoise Egg? Is that true? "

Shi Zhongchan was shocked. "The egg of a god beast is something that can only be found by luck. But since it's an ancient fossil, the chances of it hatching are very small because its life force has been cut off and only the thick essence energy is left.

However, this treasure suppresses the Black Tortoise Coming Out of Water Layout. It's perfect. There's nothing better than this treasure.

If you add in the Nine Palaces Treasure, I can guarantee that even experts above Dao Realm Transformation Nine would be at a disadvantage. " "It's that amazing?"

Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "Since that's the case, I will contact Masao Xiangshan immediately. I hope that the Celestial Designer Institute can forge these nine magic treasures for me."

"It seems like King has a lot of savings. I can say that even Seventh Highness wouldn't be able to exchange for the Nine Palaces Magic Treasures if he didn't ask for help from the School of Legalism and pay a huge favor." Shi Zhongchan didn't expect Gu Chensha to have such wealth.

Even if the nine magic treasures were fakes, they were still rare treasures. Even celestial sects could only forge one set if they went all out. Gu Chensha didn't have any power supporting him, so how could he have such wealth? However, he didn't ask and just watched quietly. Gu Chensha immediately used the Cycle Box to communicate with Masao Xiangshan.

A few hours later, Masao Xiangshan appeared in the sky above the castle and slowly landed on the bridge. He looked at Gu Chensha with joy. "What business does King Chen have with the Celestial Designer Institute?

Let me repeat, apart from His Majesty's orders, anyone else who wants the Celestial Designer Institute to do something will agree on a price. " "Of course, I know the rules."

Gu Chensha pointed at his castle. "Sect Leader Xiangshan, my castle and the Black Tortoise Coming Out of Water Layout seem to lack nine magic treasures to form the Nine Palaces Black Tortoise Formation to defend against invasion." "That's right."

Masao Xiangshan nodded. "Those nine magic treasures are the true soul of the layout of the Black Tortoise Rising to the Sea. I'm sure the County King is well aware of their value. Even if the Celestial Craftsmen Academy wants to refine them, it will cost us a lot. It's not an easy task. The County King's funds can only support the construction of the castle prototype."

"I know that. Right now, I hope that the Heavenly Craftsmanship Institute can forge nine magical treasures for me so that I can truly transform this Black Tortoise Emerging from the Sea Array into an offensive and defensive grand array."

Gu Chensha knew that although the castle was exquisite in every aspect and could withstand the attack of thousands of soldiers and horses, there would still be great disadvantages when facing a true expert.

"There's no need to pay for the nine magic treasures," Masao Kageyama said. "Because there's simply not enough money to buy them.

How about this, if the Duke still has the Nine Sage Heart Refinement Pill, how about one pill for one Dharma treasure? "

"You've made a huge profit out of this business." Gu Chensha smiled. "Although the artifact is powerful, it's not as valuable as the Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pill.

The seven great saints of the ancient human race spoke of a deluge of heavenly flowers, condensing this pill. It's no longer possible to refine it now. How about this: four pills for nine Dharma treasures. "

"In short, six pills. That's the limit of what I can negotiate." Masao Kageyama waved his hand. "Our Heavenly Craftsmanship Institute likes straightforward people when it comes to business."

"In that case, I'll add on five thousand sets of Horned Dragon Armor and five thousand jugs of Battle Technique Wine."

Gu Chensha stated his price. "We're also very straightforward when it comes to doing business. If it works, then it works. If it doesn't, then it doesn't." "This …" Masao Kageyama took out the Universe Box and asked for instructions from his superior. After a while, he nodded. "Fine, but you have to pay in full."

"Very well." Gu Chensha took out six Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pills and handed them to Masao Kageyama.

"Your Highness, where did you get so many of these pills?" Masao Kageyama was shocked. "Did you rob a god's treasure?" "Something like that."

Gu Chensha smiled. The Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple was indeed a god's treasure. He had yet to take out the real treasure.

The most precious item in the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple was the Dragonization Pagoda, followed by the Heavenly Demon Relic. However, Gu Chensha had yet to figure out how to use it.

"Your Highness, please wait. The treasure will be here soon." Masao Kageyama took out six Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pills and burned a talisman. Buzz!

A beam of golden light swept down from the depths of the sky, and the six pills disappeared without a trace. Then, the nine lights fell into the Nine Palace Grid in the castle and went into hiding. Then, a golden talisman descended from the sky and fell into Gu Chensha's hand.

The whole castle suddenly became a lot more lively. There was something indescribable and indescribable about it.

"Lord Ghost Axe did it himself."

Masao Kageyama's face lit up. "Your Highness, the nine treasures are in place. You can inspect them now. The method to activate the nine treasures is in the golden talisman in your hand. Your Highness, you can use your blood to refine the talisman. The talisman will be connected to your mind, and you will have ownership of the castle. As for the Battle Technique Wine and the five thousand sets of Horned Dragon Armor, the Heavenly Craftsman Institute will send them over in three days." "No problem." Gu Chensha was eager to observe the changes in the castle. Masao Kageyama cupped his hands and left.

Gu Chensha quickly returned to his study in the castle and first used his blood to refine the golden talisman. As soon as he dripped his blood on it, the talisman turned into a mirror and floated in the air. Nine treasures appeared in the mirror.

"Dominating Sea Pearl, Mountain and Sea Painting, Sledgehammer, Star Absorbing Pagoda, Nine Yang Whip, Darkfire Lamp, Blue Wave Sword, Sunset Bow, Shooting Sun Arrow."

Gu Chensha slowly observed the nine treasures. They were all hidden inside the castle, lying in fixed places and nurturing themselves with the castle's Spiritual Qi.

"Your Highness, with this golden talisman, you can activate the nine treasures."

Shi Zhongchan came over. Apart from him, Yi Ming also noticed something strange and hurried over. "The nine treasures can be activated with your mind." "Master, you cannot test the power of this treasure."

Yi Ming said, "This treasure is a fake. It cannot absorb Spiritual Qi automatically. It needs to be nourished slowly with the help of the castle's power. However, it is far from comparable to the five divine swords of Liu Yu and the others. Every time these nine treasures are activated, they will consume a large amount of Spiritual Qi. According to logic, they can only be used once after absorbing for a year. Otherwise, they will not be able to be activated at all." "I know this."

Gu Chensha already knew this. He walked to the altar in the middle of the study, where the Black Tortoise Egg was placed. "This place is suppressed by a treasure that contains a large amount of Spiritual Qi. It provides Spiritual Qi to the nine treasures. You can also pour the Spiritual Liquid on the altar, and it will naturally be absorbed by the nine treasures. Right now, this Black Tortoise Egg can also provide power to the nine treasures. However, it will consume the Black Tortoise Egg's own life essence. The gains do not make up for the losses. It looks like we still lack Spiritual Liquid or Spiritual Crystals. If we have a large number of Spiritual Crystals, then the nine treasures can be activated at any time.

"However, the nine treasures can resonate with each other and stimulate the life essence in the Black Tortoise Egg."

Shi Zhongchan looked at the Black Tortoise Egg carefully. A hint of surprise appeared on his face. "I can feel life from this egg. It is not an inanimate object. It seems like it can really hatch?" "Naturally, I have some tricks up my sleeve."

Gu Chensha knew that his Sun and Moon Dragon Blood could be considered a true treasure. As his cultivation improved, the blood's density would increase. Then, he could really regrow flesh from the dead.

"Your Highness should familiarize yourself with these nine treasures for a few days. I will go train the troops and gather experts," Shi Zhongchan said. "I will definitely recruit people from the mystical sects for Your Highness." "Thank you, Brother." Gu Chensha cupped his hands.

Immediately, he familiarized himself with the golden talisman and the nine treasures in the nine palaces of the castle on the altar in the bedroom of his study.

He breathed on the golden talisman, and the talisman turned into a golden mirror. The mirror showed the situation in every corner of the castle. There were altars in the nine towers, and nine treasures were placed on each of the altars. The nine altars communicated with the altar in the central study.

Now, the Black Tortoise egg's power was transmitted from the central altar to nourish the nine treasures. After being nourished, the nine treasures seemed to have gained some intelligence.

Gu Chensha's mind communicated with the nine treasures through the golden talisman. He tried to activate them, but found that he couldn't. He just knew that the treasures didn't absorb enough spiritual energy and didn't have the power to attack. According to his precise calculations, these treasures could be activated once every two months.

Originally, it would take a year, but the suppression of the Black Tortoise egg gave the castle spirituality. The nine treasures also received several times the nourishment. But this still wasn't enough. Immediately, Gu Chensha forced out his blood to refine the Black Tortoise egg.

Ever since he comprehended the Clumsy Punch, his cultivation had increased again. His understanding of Sun-Moon Refinement, Sun-Moon Transformation, Sun-Moon Slaughter, and Sun-Moon Dragon had deepened. With the help of the Sun and Moon Altar, his blood, tendons, and bones became purer, and the density of the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood increased.

His blood seeped out of his fingertips. After drawing the talisman on his fingertips, the talisman emitted the light of the sun and moon for a long time.

After drawing the talisman on the Black Tortoise egg, he circulated his blood and qi and sprayed it on so that the egg could absorb it faster.

This Sun-Moon Refinement consumed a lot of blood and qi. Just this short period of time made him feel weak. Fortunately, he had heavenly dew. He took it out and swallowed dozens of drops, recovering his spirit and blood essence.

Now, he didn't need to drip the heavenly dew on the magic treasures. He felt that it was the stupidest and most wasteful thing to do.

The best way was to swallow it himself and convert it into Sun and Moon Dragon Blood. Then, he could use it to refine the magic treasures. Only then would the magic treasures evolve very quickly.

With the support of heavenly dew, when he used the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood to refine the Black Tortoise egg, not only would he not consume his blood essence, but his cultivation would also be purified. This was spitting out the old and absorbing the new.