Chapter 968
===========

The Celestial Emperor finally used his trump card, activating the Ninety-Nine Layers of Heaven and the Sky Beyond Heaven to truly suppress Gu Daoxian. He then forced his body, causing his essence to be extracted. However, extracting essence was not the Emperor Of Heaven's final move.

The Emperor Of Heaven wanted to extract the seed left behind by the terrifying thing in Gu Daoxian's body.

If not for this seed, Gu Daoxian would not have been able to fight against the Celestial Court. He had even broken through the Celestial Court's defenses and forced the Emperor Of Heaven to use his strongest attack.

"Good stuff. This is good stuff."

The Celestial Emperor looked at the beam of black light in Gu Daoxian's body. It was only the size of a sesame seed, but it could transform into life and death, surpassing everything. It could rapidly expand, enveloping the entire universe within it.

If the Emperor Of Heaven obtained this thing and studied it carefully, he would definitely be able to improve his cultivation.

"Sky Beyond Heaven, collect."

The Celestial Thearch stirred slightly, and the Ninety-Nine Heavens and Heaven Beyond Heaven above his head were activated, unleashing a burst of suction force that attempted to suck the sesame-sized black dot into them and imprison it so that he could study it.

However, the sesame seed seed suddenly expanded, becoming a fist-sized ball of black gas. Within the black gas, there seemed to be a face that looked like a man, a woman, a beast, a god, and a ghost. The face let out a shrill laugh. Amidst the laughter, Gu Daoxian's essence gathered again.

Gu Daoxian also laughed evilly, "Heavenly Emperor, no matter how well you hide, you can't do anything to me. This is the unparalleled path of transformation that I've comprehended. This time around, I've seen your true abilities. The next time will be the day you die." Whoosh! Gu Daoxian's body turned into a beam of light, wanting to escape the Celestial Court.

"You want to leave?" The Emperor Of Heaven seemed angry.

He had to get Gu Daoxian. If he did not suppress Gu Daoxian this time, it would be a great loss to the Celestial Court's prestige. Someone had broken through the door of the Celestial Court, arrived before his throne, and retreated after showing off. What would the gods and demons think if news spread? Crackle!

The 99 layers of heaven above the Emperor Of Heaven and the Sky Beyond Heaven gave birth to another shadow. This shadow was truly formless, truly infinite, truly limitless, truly boundless. This was the core principle and spirit of the Emperor Of Heaven.

The core shadow that he had created to oversee all living things pounced towards Gu Daoxian, and actually turned into a cage. This cage was octagonal in shape, imprisoning Gu Daoxian within.

Gu Daoxian threw out eight consecutive punches, attempting to break out of the cage before it was fully formed and escape. However, when his eight punches collided with the cage's eight corners, not only did he not manage to break open the cage, but it instead caused the cage to absorb the power of his punches, making it impossible for him to display his fist technique.

No matter how strong Gu Daoxian's attacks were, the cage did not budge. It seemed to be an eternal shackle.

"Ancient Dao Immortals, I supervise all living things, allowing them to have order. The final result of all living things' karmic separations and reunions is this cage. They are born in this cage, and die in this cage. All the quintessence of life and death will be reassembled, and the cycle of reincarnation will never end. It is eternal. Without this cage, the quintessence of a person will be lost. This is the benefit of imprisonment and order. I've been contemplating it for countless years, and only now do I truly understand the essence of it. Enjoy it."

The Emperor Of Heaven once again imprisoned Gu Daoxian. This time, no matter how much Gu Daoxian struggled, he could not escape the cage.

"It seems I have underestimated the power of all living things. Your Heavenly Court controls the Human Realm, Immortal Realm, Underworld Kingdom, Demon Realm, Demon Realm, God Realm, and many living things. Right now, more than half of them listen to your fate and offer sacrifices to you, causing your power to grow to an almost limitless level.

"Especially now that the Heavenly Dao is about to collapse, there are no more restrictions on you. This is actually a good thing for you. You can increase your power without fear. You are a clone of the Heavenly Dao. But now, your original Heavenly Dao is destroyed, so this clone of yours can immediately grow."

Gu Daoxian seemed to have calmed down in the cage. Layers of light shone out from his body, blocking the pressure of the cage.

"Emperor Of Heaven, even if you can temporarily imprison me, you can't extract my essence. Furthermore, my power is growing faster than yours." Gu Daoxian continued to hoot in the cage.

"You're thinking too simply. I don't need to refine your essence. In fact, I don't even need to refine it. You're just an object of observation, an experimental subject. From you, I can learn things that I haven't gained enlightenment of."

A beam of light suddenly shot out from the Emperor Of Heaven's forehead, which spun rapidly until it reached Gu Daoxian. Then, it began to absorb all sorts of data.

"Wonderful. Wonderful."

The Emperor Of Heaven seemed to have acquired many secrets from Gu Daoxian. "So that's how it is. So that's how it is. Gu Chensha split the Deathless level into nine levels. I'm in the seventh level, the true Deathless level. And Gu Chensha is in the eighth level, the Eternally Deathless level. And yet, from him, I can see the ninth level, the Eternally Deathless level." RUMBLE!

Suddenly, the Emperor Of Heaven's body began to shine with light. Deathless power surged, as if it were eternally unpredictable and unshakable.

"What?" Gu Daoxian was shocked. "You actually reached the Eternally Deathless level? You've broken through a bottleneck? "

"That's right," the Emperor Of Heaven said. "I have to thank you for that. If you hadn't come, and allowed me to see the true nature of the ninth level, the Eternally Deathless level, I wouldn't have been able to reach the eighth level, the Eternally Deathless level." Gu Daoxian's face fell.

He could sense that the Emperor Of Heaven's power had changed on a fundamental level. Heaven and Earth had been turned upside down, and the cage had taken away all of his power.

"Originally, it would have taken me many years to reach this level, and then I would have been able to fight Gu Chensha. But now, with your help, I've broken through.

"Gu Chensha has always been suppressing me," the Emperor Of Heaven said. "When I fought him, I was in constant danger. However, he had a lot of misgivings, and didn't dare to kill me.

"If he had been a bit more vicious and merciless, perhaps he would be the ruler of Heaven and Earth right now." "Oh really?" At that moment, a voice rang out.

Within the voice, a person appeared. He entered the Heavenly Court just like that, as if he was entering his own courtyard. It was none other than Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha appeared, looking at the Emperor Of Heaven. "Congratulations, congratulations. You've actually reached the Eternally Deathless level, the eighth level of the Eternally Deathless level. Now you can stand on equal footing with me, and secure the position of Emperor Of Heaven?" "Gu Chensha, you've come here after all."

The Emperor Of Heaven's face was hidden under the flat imperial hat. "You've come here to acquire Gu Daoxian's secrets, haven't you?"

"Gu Daoxian is finally of some use," the Emperor Of Heaven said. "As bait, he's managed to lure out some of that terrifying thing's will."

Facing the Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Chensha didn't do anything. He didn't even attack. "To me, this will really does have a lot of research value. Of course, to you, it's even more valuable. If I had attacked just now and interrupted your enlightenment, you wouldn't have been able to reach the Eternally Deathless level. However, I didn't do that. Can you guess why?"

"Because you couldn't stop it," the Emperor Of Heaven said. "Gu Chensha, you're not as powerful as you think you are.

I reached the Eternally Deathless level, and have a general idea of your current level of power. Furthermore, I have the power to destroy your Eternal World, and kill your woman. You've been holding back from attacking me, for fear of breaking the vases. "

"Emperor Of Heaven. Emperor Of Heaven, it seems you've reached the eighth level, the Eternally Deathless level. I thought you would change a bit, but it seems I was wrong. As your cultivation base grows stronger, you become more and more stubborn. There really is nothing I can do about it. It seems that even with my cultivation base, there are some things I can't do as I wish."

Gu Chensha shook his head. "The reason I didn't put you down, and even allowed you to establish the Heavenly Court, is because, first, we have a very close relationship. Second, I can accept you. My Dao is not a Dao of exterminating those who oppose me, but rather, a Dao where everyone can obtain great freedom. Everyone can be free, and everyone can not interfere with each other. Everyone can live a good life, without karma or fate, without any karmic connection, without any entanglement. Therefore, there is no conflict between the two of us.

I don't want to kill you. Third, your cultivation base isn't bad, and if you cultivate the Dragonless Heart Magic, you and I can work together to fight that terrifying thing. What a pity. "

"Gu Chensha, you're too naive." The Emperor Of Heaven waved his hand. "Do you really think you can control everything?

From the moment you obtained the Heaven-Sacrificial Talisman, everything has been smooth sailing. You've never encountered any setbacks. But think about it. How did you get the Heaven-Sacrificial Talisman? Don't tell me you relied on your own power? " "You don't have to be like this."

Gu Chensha said, "One day, we'll make things clear. But let's leave what happened today for today. One day, you'll regret it. I'll give you another chance. I'll take this Gu Dao-Immortal with me. "