Chapter 722
===========

Thousands of stars had been reincarnated into humans and scattered among the people. Most of them were still in hiding.

The Endless Thirty-six Treasures had also been reincarnated into humans. At present, only two of them had shown any signs: Grand Preceptor Wen Hong and Marquis Dashi. The rest were still shrouded in mist, and it was impossible to deduce.

"Your Highness."

Marquis Dashi said, "As the reincarnation of the Endless Thirty-six Treasures, I can sense people like me. If I'm not wrong, Fa Wuxian and Jing Qiu are both reincarnations of the Endless Thirty-six Treasures. It's just that they haven't obtained their true bodies yet. But one day, they will obtain their true bodies and even come to kill Wen Hong and me, seizing our treasures and souls and merging them into their bodies. The reincarnations of the Endless Thirty-six Treasures can also kill each other. With every treasure they obtain, their strength will increase by many times. Of course, if I join forces with Grand Preceptor Wen Hong, our strength will also increase by a lot.

I hope that one day, Your Highness will be able to gather all the reincarnations of the Endless Land and open the deepest secrets of the Heaven Realm. That way, you will be able to better understand His Majesty's realm. Perhaps, you will be able to share some of His Majesty's pressure, allowing His Majesty to divert some of his attention and return to the mortal world. " "I understand Marquis's thoughts." Gu Chensha already understood Marquis Dashi's thoughts.

These old officials all hoped that Heavenly Talisman Emperor would reappear in the mortal world and the imperial court.

But now, it was very likely that Heavenly Talisman Emperor was entangled with the Heavenly Dao and couldn't divert any attention to interfere with the changes in the mortal world.

"Fa Wuxian and Jing Qiu have lost repeatedly in their battles against our Tranquil Immortal Department, but they haven't suffered any serious injuries. In these years, their cultivation has advanced extremely quickly, especially Jing Qiu, who has long since cultivated to the God Realm. In the last battle, I didn't kill him in passing in order to quickly obtain the North Star Realm, leaving behind a disaster." Gu Chensha knew that whether it was Fa Wuxian or Jing Qiu, they both contained great destiny.

Originally, Jing Qiu had also obtained the position of the True God of the Lu God, which was like adding wings to a tiger. He colluded with the Dharma Saint and established the Holy Sama Empire in the depths of the desert.

Fortunately, Gu Chensha had seized the opportunity to plunder the North Star Continent and took away the Deity Position.

Now, the three True God positions of Longevity, Fortune, and Fortune were in the hands of Longevity Bliss God, and they were considered the assets of Tranquil Immortal Department. In time, Longevity Bliss God's cultivation might not reach the Empyrean Realm, but it was not impossible for him to become a Martial Sage.

But if Jing Qiu obtained one of the Endless Thirty-six Treasures, that would be even more terrifying than the position of a True God.

Back then, the throne of Real God Lu Shen hadn't belonged to him, after all. His element wasn't compatible with him, and the degree of compatibility wasn't high, so it was difficult for him to unleash all of his power. However, if he had obtained an Infinity Treasure that was compatible with his element, it would be completely different.

He could even gather the power of sacrifices from the Endless Treasures and extract the power of the Heavenly Realm.

Although the power of the Heavenly Realm couldn't compare to the power of the Heavenly Dao, it still surpassed the power of the Boundless Universe.

Of course, to extract the power of the Heavenly Realm from the Endless Treasures, he would need to gather a huge number of sacrifices.

Among the many treasures, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, the Desolate Dragon Gate, and the Hong Meng Tree were special existences. They belonged to the Heavenly Origin Level magic treasures, which were equivalent to the Boundless World.

And the Endless Thirty-six Treasures, individually, were not as good as these three magic treasures. But if they were gathered together and formed a whole, they could activate the power of the Endless Land, which surpassed any of the three magic treasures.

Because the Endless Land itself was the Heavenly Realm, and its body was an existence that was second only to the Heavenly Dao.

If one wanted to compare, any of the Endless Thirty-six Treasures might be comparable to the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd.

"Jing Qiu and Fa Wuxian have completely pledged their allegiance to the Dharma Saint. If both of them obtain one of the Endless Thirty-six Treasures, I'm afraid the Dharma Saint's power will expand again, and the Dharma Saint will probably make use of their power to improve his cultivation further."

The Martial Saint said calmly, "The Dharma Saint is above me. Deep in his heart, he does not have any feelings, but the calculation of his own laws, and the perfection of laws. To a certain extent, he is no longer a human, but the embodiment of a law. This is because he gave up something to make himself incomparably powerful. "

"The Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong joined forces to devour her and the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman," Gu Chensha said, "It seems that he will also devour the Endless Treasures of Fa Wuxian and Jing Qiu.

If he succeeds in devouring the two Endless Treasures, it is very likely that he will reach the Heavenly Longevity Realm, and become an antique like the Immortal Master, Wan Senshi, and Xing Qiongshi. " "So I hope that Your Highness can obtain the Endless Treasures as soon as possible. Lest they fall into the hands of ambitious giants like the Dharma Saint. "

Marquis Jushi's face was a little pale, as if he had thought of something. "Obtaining the Infinity Stone has indeed greatly improved my cultivation, but it also contains great risks. If it were other Connate Spiritual Treasures, it would not be a big deal. After all, it is not worth fighting for. But the Endless Thirty-six Treasures are different. Obtaining any one of them means that one may obtain the power of the Heaven Realm. Even if it is just a trace, it can temper one's body and increase one's cultivation extremely quickly. Not only can one obtain the essence of the Land of Infinity, the profound meaning of the Heaven Realm. So many people actually want to kill me and covet my Infinity Stone. "

"I know this. So when I came with the Martial Saint, I saw that although the Shi Family is prosperous, there is a great tribulation hidden in the depths. So it is because you are the reincarnation of the Infinity Stone. Although it is great luck, it is also a great tribulation. This is what they say: fortune lies in misfortune, and misfortune lies in fortune. "

Gu Chensha nodded. "Don't worry about this, Marquis. Even an existence like Wan Senshi cannot harm you at all."

Gu Chensha had rescued Yuhuan Lu from the hands of Wan Senshi, and had gained confidence and prestige.

This time, Wan Senshi had suffered a great loss and lost all face. The New Divine Prefecture was taken away by Gu Chensha, becoming Yuhuan Lu's Minor Thousand Realm, hanging on the branch of the World Tree.

All the experts in the world, immortals, demons, and demon immortals, knew of this matter, and were even more afraid of the Calming Immortal Department. Even the demons did not dare to prepare for a large-scale attack. So the Devil Calamity was still dragging on.

"Actually, Your Highness must pay attention. The Three Dukes and Eight Marquises of the Imperial Court are all reincarnations of the Infinity Thirty-Six Treasures. Others may not be able to sense it, but His Majesty has long since sensed it, so he has nurtured us well.

Your Highness must pay attention to this and not let your guard down, lest the other Marquises be roped in or taken away. "At this time, the Marquis of Jushi once again threw out an earth-shattering sentence.

"What?"

Hearing this, even Gu Chensha was somewhat shocked. "The Three Dukes and Eight Marquises of the Imperial Court are all reincarnations of the Infinity Treasures? But wasn't the Ironblood Marquis the reincarnation of the War God? "

"This is just a prince. The Ironblood Marquis transformed into the Ironblood War Banner. In truth, it has nothing to do with the War God. It is the Celestial Banner of the Infinity Thirty-Six Treasures, also known as the Infinity Banner. It's just that he has yet to awaken, but I'm afraid that he has gradually come to understand. "

The Marquis of Jushi said, "The other Marquises have also come to understand their past and present lives. They have been secretly accumulating strength, preparing to make some moves." "You all are also in contact with each other, right?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Your Highness' discerning eyes are like torches," the Marquis of Jushi said.

"We are, after all, His Majesty's subjects, and our lives belong to His Majesty. Now that His Majesty is no longer here, it's true that we are loyal to Your Highness, but in truth, all of us still hope that His Majesty will return, and so we are preparing a grand plan."

"There's nothing wrong with that. In the end, everything in the Imperial Court is managed by our Calming Immortal Department, but Imperial Father has long since decided on the actual structure. The Calming Immortal Department, the Celestial Designer Department, the Crown Prince, and Wu Dangkong, these four great powers keep each other in check. However, the Crown Prince and Wu Dangkong both harbor ulterior motives, wanting to bring disaster to the world. We have no choice but to come out and set things right. "

Gu Chensha said, "It seems that there is something wrong with the Crown Prince's fate. He should be the reincarnation of some almighty being?"

"It's very likely. His Majesty never does anything without a goal. Even if Wu Dangkong and the Crown Prince are going against the grain now, I'm afraid that there will be unexpected variables in the future."

The Marquis of Jushi said, "Under the management of the Calming Immortal Department, the Imperial Court can be said to be flourishing, and the population is still expanding. However, there are also many hidden dangers. First of all, the internal conflict is the Celestial Designer Department.

No one can do anything to the Immortal Master, and with Gu Huansha and the Maha Family working together, there are great hidden dangers. This power is actually above the Calming Immortal Department.

"The Immortal Master is Imperial Father's woman, and Gu Huansha is a princess. Their statuses are no small matter.

The Immortal Master is also a giant of the Primal Chaos. Strictly speaking, her true strength is probably above Wan Senshi. Although we are both at the Heavenly Longevity Realm, I have fought with Wan Senshi time and time again and have gained the upper hand. However, the Immortal Master gives me the feeling that she is truly unfathomable. I don't know where her limits lie. "

Gu Chensha said, "Right now, the Celestial Designer Department is manufacturing some machines from the prehistoric civilization and has a huge market share among the people. They are also developing genetic modification drugs and have drawn in a large number of people. There is a great hidden danger in this. Right now, it's because of the Devil Calamity.

All the heat comes from the external pressure, and if the Devil Calamity is gone, many internal conflicts will probably erupt. In addition, there are some ambitious people who add fuel to the fire, and there will immediately be a calamity that can't be stopped. Not to mention that we still have a great enemy that is even more terrifying than Wan Senshi, and that is the Sun-Moon Lord, Gu Tiansha.

This person actually said that he is a powerful existence born from the conflict between Imperial Father and the Heavenly Dao, and that the Sun-Moon Lord is just another minor identity for him. "

"The Sun-Moon Lord is extremely terrifying in itself. If Gu Tiansha is really an existence born from the conflict between the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and the Heavenly Dao, then there is no way to describe it with words."

The Martial Sage was someone who had karma with Gu Tiansha, and even his resurrection was caused by Gu Tiansha's worship. "According to my deduction, Gu Tiansha is not lying. Because even if he is the Sun-Moon Lord, just the power of worship alone cannot bring me back to life.

Only if he is an existence born from the conflict between the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and the Heavenly Dao can directly worship him and bring me back to life. "

Important Notice: This site's free app, no ads, no errors, fast updates, members synchronized bookshelves, text size adjustment, reading brightness adjustment, better reading experience, please pay attention to the official WeChat account. appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy) Download the free reader!