Chapter 885
===========

The Emperor Of Heaven had not revealed his true form. It was just a palm, and his voice was very unique.

Anyone who heard it would think that it was the voice of the master of heaven and earth. It lacked the majesty of an Emperor, and yet, it made people willing to serve him as their master. This was one of the mysteries of the Emperor Of Heaven's Essence.

The Emperor Of Heaven was the manifestation of the Heavenly Dao. The Heavenly Dao had no physical form, but it ruled over all living things. However, this formless existence could not inspire awe and reverence in all living things. That was why the Emperor Of Heaven had appeared, presiding over the highest Void, giving all living things a concrete image of him. That was the only way for all living things to worship, revere, and offer sacrifices to. Therefore, the appearance of the Heavenly Court in the future was inevitable for the Heavenly Dao.

From the appearance of the Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Chensha had already seen a flaw in the Heavenly Dao.

If the Heavenly Dao was truly omnipotent and in control of all things, then it would have never been able to give birth to the Emperor Of Heaven, nor would it have needed to give birth to an Emperor Of Heaven to inspire awe and worship. In other words, the Heavenly Dao required all living things to offer sacrifices to it.

Now that Gu Chensha had taken control of the Central Plains and had all living things offer sacrifices to the Imperial Court, he was seizing the authority of the Heavenly Dao and weakening the power of the Emperor Of Heaven.

"I'd like to see if this single hand of the Emperor Of Heaven can truly break my Dragonless Heart Sutra."

When Gu Chensha heard the Emperor Of Heaven's order to retreat, the poison dragon formed from the poison extracted from the human heart began to truly retreat. After dispersing, it once again transformed into the power of sacrifice.

"Good!"

Gu Chensha was not alarmed by this. Instead, he was delighted. "It seems that the Heavenly Dao's understanding of the human heart's sacrifice has far surpassed mine. It can actually restore the poison extracted from the human heart. This is the true Heavenly Dao."

He was delighted because he had been able to peer into the secrets of the Heavenly Dao during his fight with the Emperor Of Heaven, which had deepened his understanding of the human heart and allowed his Dragonless Heart Sutra to advance further.

At his level, it was hard to find an opponent. In the whole world, only the Emperor Heaven was worth fighting.

During the battle with the Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Chensha gradually understood the supernatural powers and transformations that he had never understood before. Because of this, he even hoped that the Emperor Of Heaven wouldn't die and fight with him forever. Only then would it be interesting. Otherwise, being invincible would be a kind of loneliness.

"The hearts of the people are united, and the world changes."

Gu Chensha's body moved once again, the Dragonless Mantra spun, gathering the power of the sacrificial ritual once again, turning it into a dragonless dragon.

The supreme dragon, the mysterious dragon of the void, the dragon of heaven and earth, the dragon of the boundless sun and moon. Wu Long was Gu Chensha's real trump card.

When he attacked, this dragonless dragon was many times stronger than the poisonous dragon from before. As the dragonless dragon coiled around, it actually shook the white jade palm formed by the Emperor Of Heaven and sent it flying.

"Good, worthy of being Gu Taxian's son, and his most outstanding one. Even Gu Tiansha can't compare to you. What a miracle."

From the white jade palm formed by the Emperor Of Heaven came a voice of admiration: "Gu Tiansha is a variable that no one expected. I originally thought that he was my opponent and you were just a flash in the pan. I didn't expect that you would actually surpass him.

However, Gu Taxian will soon be devoured by the Heavenly Dao, which is also my main body. And you, you will also fall into the endless abyss, unable to continue. "

While speaking, the white jade palm fiercely expanded, capturing the dragonless dragon formed by the power of the sacrificial ritual. Emperor Of Heaven, Capturing Dragon!

The huge palm captured the dragonless dragon. The dragonless dragon tightly coiled around the palm of the Emperor Of Heaven, wanting to completely crush it. Both sides were in a deadlock.

"Kill!"

At this time, a fierce expression appeared on Lou Baiyue's face. She let out a long roar that shook heaven and earth. The golden plate 'Like Regal Presence' in her body suddenly split open and merged with the Empress of Heaven's Source.

The Empress of Heaven's Source completely shattered and merged with the golden plate, becoming something that wasn't the Empress of Heaven's Source, but something that surpassed it.

The golden plate 'Like Regal Presence' transformed the Empress of Heaven's Source, causing it to evolve. The Empress of Heaven's Source was no longer the original thing.

The moment it evolved, the Empress of Heaven's Source lost all connection with the Emperor Of Heaven and the Heavenly Dao, perfectly becoming Lou Baiyue's Source.

However, the golden plate 'Like Regal Presence' completed its final mission. After merging with the Empress of Heaven's Source, it completely disappeared, the two becoming one. Lou Baiyue's aura rose steadily!

She seemed to have become the Empress of Heaven who ruled over the myriad worlds, but also an existence that surpassed the Empress of Heaven and Earth, the ancestor of all things, the beginning of the absolute beginning. At this time, she already had the qualifications to fight with the Emperor Of Heaven.

"Capture!"

Lou Baiyue's hands shot out endless divine abilities, which converged into a river of divine abilities.

This river of divine abilities contained trillions of divine abilities, like the eternal sands. They flowed unceasingly, containing the endless secrets of time, time, eternity, and the end.

The river of divine abilities washed over the Emperor Of Heaven's jade-white palm, joining hands with Gu Chensha's dragonless dragon. The jade-white palm formed by the Emperor Of Heaven was pushed back bit by bit.

However, even as he was forced to retreat, the Celestial Thearch's palm still maintained a graceful and elegant appearance.

All of a sudden, the jade-white palm of the Emperor Of Heaven waved its hand, and a powerful force appeared to block Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue's attacks. "Gu Taxian's medallion contains the Empress of Heaven's Source. Not bad. Not bad at all. The Empress of Heaven is gone, and her Source is gone. That means I've lost my greatest help. However, you've also used up all of Gu Taxian's legacy. Henceforth, he won't be able to help you.

I'll tell you the truth. The dao of heaven is going all out to bind up Gu Taxian's Source, and will soon strip him of some of his aura. When that happens, I'll be even stronger.

Gu Chensha, I hope that when the time comes, your dragonless heart magic will reach the consummate level. Don't disappoint me. " Then, the white jade palm formed by the Celestial Thearch disappeared into thin air. A single palm was all it took to escape unscathed.

"Is this the power of the Emperor Of Heaven?"

Even a palm contains the deepest level of immortality. I actually feel like I can't do anything about it. "Gu Chensha frowned. He was clearly very afraid of it.

"Chensha," she said, "I've finally refined the Empress of Heaven's Source, and advanced even further."

Lou Baiyue sensed the power in her body, and felt as if her psychic power could fill the entire Celestial World, even the chaotic flows of space-time, and even the endless depths of primordial chaos. Simply put, her psychic power and willpower had expanded without limit.

She was now one of the most powerful beings in the world, second only to the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha. In fact, she was even more powerful than the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha.

"This medallion of the Emperor Of Heaven has completed its final mission," said Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha said, "You've also obtained a portion of Imperial Father's power, but I don't think the future is optimistic.

"When the Heavenly Dao retracted its power, father was also subconsciously suppressed. You can tell from this golden medallion that father's original power was inconceivable. This golden medallion could completely suppress the Empress of Heaven's Essence and still exist. But now that it no longer exists, it means that father's authority has completely given up on protecting us. Instead, he is wholeheartedly fighting against the will of the Heavenly Dao. When the two clash, there will be many different changes." "Could it be that His Majesty will fail?"

Lou Baiyue was shocked. She knew that the medallion had indeed improved her cultivation, but she had also lost the protection of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. The halo of the Emperor Of Heaven had completely disappeared. In the future, she could only rely on herself.

"I'm not afraid of father's failure, I'm afraid of something else."

Gu Chensha had a deeper insight than Lou Baiyue. Even if Lou Baiyue had completely absorbed the Empress of Heaven's Source and the power of the medallion, she was still inferior to him.

"What are you afraid of?"

Lou Baiyue didn't understand. "Actually, we can completely fight against the Emperor Of Heaven now. Although today's battle was just a small test, it's clear that the Emperor Of Heaven is strong and is a formidable opponent for us, but he's not completely undefeatable. It'll be extremely difficult for him to do anything to us. Moreover, we've already gained the upper hand. We've refined the Heavenly Monarch of Jin.

The Empress of Heaven's Source has also been refined, the Punisher Monarch is in our hands, and the Boundless Treasure is also under our control. The Emperor Of Heaven is like a mosquito that has fallen into a net. I don't think he'll be able to escape. He can only be slowly nibbled away by us. I think the overall situation is good. " "If nothing unexpected happens, that's indeed the case."

Gu Chensha shook his head. "Actually, there are two possibilities. The first is that father fails in the battle against the Heavenly Dao. However, the possibility of this is very small.

The second is that father and the Heavenly Dao fail at the same time and collapse at the same time. The situation will be completely out of control. This is what I'm most worried about. If father and the Heavenly Dao fail at the same time, another existence that possesses both father and the Heavenly Dao will be born. That will be truly troublesome.

Think about it, this is how Gu Tiansha was born. The conflict between father and the Heavenly Dao gave birth to this uncontrollable factor, causing him to stir up the storm and create so much trouble for us. This is just a small matter of the situation going out of control.

If both of them fail at the same time and die together, we won't be able to control the situation at all. That will be the true era of the great calamity. " "You're looking further than me."

When Lou Baiyue heard this, she pondered it for a long time. "Indeed, this is the most likely outcome. There have been many such examples in history. Originally, several countries were fighting for hegemony, but no one expected that in the end, an unexpected figure would steal the world.

Several thousand years ago, three countries were fighting for hegemony in the Central Plains, but in the end, the world actually belonged to a minor figure. I have to say, this is a funny thing.

But that's the reality. Right now, we're fighting against the Emperor Of Heaven, but who knows if another figure might suppress us in the future? " "There is indeed such a possibility that the Heavenly Dao and father perish together."

Gu Chensha said, "Today, when I fought with the Emperor Of Heaven, I felt that while the Emperor Of Heaven's strength is boundlessly tyrannical, he doesn't have the power to kill me. However, I feel even more uneasy in the depths of my heart." Perfect Anti-Theft Chapter, Please Search Engine Search Engine