Chapter 580
===========

"Hate, hate, hate, I hate …" Emperor Wu let out a monstrous amount of hatred. He hated the world, hated the world, hated the Department of Tranquility, hated Gu Chensha. Back then, Gu Chensha had fought Dou Nineteen with him and cultivated the Heavenly Law Technique. Emperor Wu now understood everything.

Gu Chensha knew that Emperor Wu truly felt that he was going to die, so he had comprehended the truth on his own.

This was not a breakthrough, but a final burst of consciousness before death. He had not seen through the secret of the Heavenly Law Technique, but a flash of inspiration. He felt that all his previous doubts had been answered. However, Gu Chensha would not let Emperor Wu go because of this.

Emperor Wu's cultivation was extremely terrifying now. He had reached the 31st Transformation of the Dao Realm, Void Creation. Once he reached this realm, he would quickly enter the 32nd Transformation, One Thought Connecting the Heavens. Then he would reach the 33rd Transformation, the Truth Sacred Heart, and become a Sage. Sages used their hearts to comprehend their own truths.

Once the truths condensed into a Sacred Heart, they would become a true Sage. They would be stronger than gods and higher than god-level experts. If Emperor Wu became a Sage, it would be extremely difficult to capture him.

Now was the best time to take his life. For the sake of the world, for the great cause, for the great plan of exterminating demons, Gu Chensha could not let Emperor Wu go.

In the depths of the Crystal Dragon Palace, Gu Chensha used the power of the Minor Chiliocosm and the Hope Tree to wrap around Emperor Wu, wanting to completely suppress him.

If Emperor Wu escaped, he would definitely be someone who would bring disaster to the world. He would not forget to rebel and unify the world.

"Why is it like this?

How can the Department of Tranquility's power enter the Minor Chiliocosm of the Crystal Dragon Palace?! "Emperor Wu roared again, his body turning into green smoke. World Ethereal Turning Green Smoke.

"Martial Emperor, I admit that this move of yours is quite powerful. Unfortunately, our Calming Immortal Department already has everything in our hands. We have obtained the World Burying Coffin and successfully survived the Devil Calamity. We still have to rely on your Desolate Eon Dragon Gate Talisman!" In order to shatter the Martial Emperor's confidence, Gu Chensha once again sent out Spiritual Force fluctuations.

Actually, in the depths of the crystal dragon palace, there were many layers of barriers. The energy of the Minor Chiliocosm would consume a lot of energy to transmit.

If they were at the bottom of the sea, he would be able to take the Martial Emperor away with a single move.

Now, it was equivalent to suppressing the Crystal Dragon Palace, a small chiliocosm. If it were to be transmitted again, it would naturally be damaged. With the current power of the sphere of People's Wish, suppressing the Crystal Dragon Palace was not a problem. They were both Minor Chiliocosms, but the difference between the two was enormous.

In the eyes of the Martial Emperor, this was unimaginable. In his impression, the Life's Wish sphere had never reached such a level.

"Gu Chensha, I've underestimated you. I didn't expect that you could actually play me in the palm of your hand!"

Suddenly, there was another explosion in the Martial Emperor's body. It actually resonated with the Crystal Dragon Palace. At this moment, a token appeared above the Martial Emperor's head. This token was filled with demonic aura. It was unknown which Demon Taoist Ancestor made it.

"Ten Thousand Demon Token! Go! "

As the command medallion exploded, it transformed into black smoke that flew toward the throne and entered Black Dragon Great Sage's body. The Black Dragon Great Sage suddenly opened his eyes as if he had come back to life.

Then, his eyes pierced through the sky and he saw everything that was happening in his palace. Then, a loud and clear voice burst out from his mouth, "Who obtained the Ten Thousand Demon Token and used its power to awaken me?" "Black Dragon Great Sage, I order you to kill this person!"

The Martial Emperor's voice burst out, "Once the Ten Thousand Demon Token is released, all demons will obey it. Even the North Star Tribe is no exception!

Although the North Star Tribe is known as the primogenitor of the demon race, it is actually just the pet of the owner of the Ten Thousand Demon Token! How dare you disobey the Ten Thousand Demon Token! "

Although the Black Dragon Great Sage was dead, he had left behind many arrangements. The power of the Ten Thousand Demon Token could almost make him appear temporarily.

It was just like how a Sage family would hold a great sacrifice and gather the power of the sacrifice to make the Sage appear.

The power of the sacrifice to the ancestors was a kind of remembrance, remembrance, remembrance, and motivation. It was different from the power of faith.

The Black Dragon Great Sage was dead. The power of the Ten Thousand Demon Token made him appear, but only for a short while. When he opened his eyes, he immediately knew what had happened. "The existence with the Ten Thousand Demon Token. Although you made me appear, the power of the crystal dragon palace is constantly dissipating. If I continue to waste my power to help you, this dragon palace will wither even faster. When that happens, I will truly be doomed for eternity. Furthermore, the existence that is suppressing and sealing you is too powerful. My crystal dragon palace can't do anything about it. You two can go out and fight." Rumble!

The crystal dragon palace surged with a force that pushed Gu Chensha and the Martial Emperor out. Then, the crystal dragon palace stopped absorbing the earth veins and broke through the void, disappearing into the endless space-time turbulence.

The Black Dragon Great Sage was rumored to be very cruel. Whoever offended him would have their entire family wiped out. He wouldn't even let his friends off, let alone intruding into his crystal palace. According to his character, he would definitely bury Gu Chensha and the Martial Emperor. Unfortunately, when he saw that Gu Chensha's strength was too ferocious, he was also afraid. He immediately took the opportunity to escape.

Being able to scare the Black Dragon Great Sage away, it showed how powerful the sphere's power was after devouring the World Burying Coffin.

The Martial Emperor was dumbfounded. He had never expected that the awakened Black Dragon Great Sage would escape.

In the depths of the space-time turbulence, the crystal dragon palace jumped violently. The Black Dragon Great Sage appeared with a profound expression on his face. "The Demon Disaster has broken out and the Ten Thousand Demon Token has appeared. It seems that the Heavenly Dao has changed. Maybe I have a chance to resurrect again … I have to hurry up and make arrangements to let the demon race worship me. My worship has been cut off a long time ago!

If I didn't have this opportunity, I'm afraid that I would have truly fallen into depravity … However, the power of the Ten Thousand Demon Token can only support me for a few hours. In these few hours, I have to set up something! " After reaching the Sage Level, as long as there was a family's worship, it would be able to appear. The greater the power of the worship, the longer it would take for the spirit to appear.

If one didn't become a Sage, then death was the same as death. Even God-rank experts couldn't manifest their spirits. God-rank experts could only accept faith to nourish their dust world while they were alive. But Sage experts could accept faith to manifest their spirits after they died. This was the difference between Sage and Sage.

Only when a family produced a Sage could it truly stand tall. The only exception was if the family's bloodline was exterminated so that the dead Sage could no longer be worshiped. In the end, the Sage Level would fall into oblivion. Unfortunately, the Sage Level had existed for thousands of years. Basically, no one could exterminate the bloodline of a Sage. Even the Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, had left behind his bloodline. Gu Chensha didn't kill Jiang Qi. He even sent the General to watch over him and help him marry and have children.

He wanted to develop the Jiang family's descendants so that they could worship Jiang Gongwang in the future. This was also the reason why Jiang Gongwang supported the Calming Immortal Bureau. Gu Chensha's actions were very appropriate.

Now that the Crystal Palace was gone, Gu Chensha circulated the power of his world and sucked the Martial Emperor into the sphere of Life's Will. This entire process didn't take long.

No matter how many schemes the Martial Emperor had, no matter how many trump cards he had up his sleeve, in the face of absolute power, he was powerless to resist. Inside the sphere of Life's Will.

The Martial Emperor was immobilized by a ball of rainbow light. Zhuge Ya and Gu Chensha stood in front of him. "Martial Emperor, you no longer have a chance to make a comeback. What else do you have to say?" "Winner takes all. What else can I say?

It seems Heavenly Talisman Grand Emperor Gu Taxian really is much more powerful than me. I can't even defeat his son, so how could I possibly seize his empire? But I don't believe it! "

The Martial Emperor no longer referred to himself as' Sovereign '. He had already lost everything. How could he still have the face to call himself' Solitary Daoist '?

"What don't you believe?"

Gu Chensha asked. "You are an ambitious and ruthless person. In fact, you have also contributed greatly to the Divine Continent. Why do you still have the throne in your mind?"

"I don't believe it. My resurrection must have been for some reason. How could I fall into depravity like this?" The Martial Emperor roared.

"You merged with our sphere of Life's Will, allowing our sphere to become a dimensional realm. It suppressed the Demon Race, stabilized the world, and eliminated the Devil Calamity. This is your great achievement. Are you still not satisfied? "Zhuge Ya said.

"No, I absolutely cannot accept this!" The Martial Emperor glared at Zhuge Ya and Gu Chensha. "This world is mine. I must seize it back."

"The world is not yours, nor is it mine. It belongs to the people. Even an Emperor is only leading the people forward with difficulty. Just like the tribal leaders in the Untainted Land, they cut their way through brambles and thistles, striving to be the first, and risking their lives. Only then were they loved and respected by the people. The current Emperor holds great power and exploits the world. He has lost the ancient intent."

Gu Chensha said, "Martial Emperor, actually, I don't want to kill you. I just want you to comprehend the true meaning of an Emperor. Although an Emperor is the leader of the people, he also has to protect them. When a calamity comes, he has to step forward bravely. Martial Emperor, if you can comprehend this, our Tranquil Immortal Department can accommodate you. "

"Junior, although you have captured me, it is still extremely difficult to refine me. I will let you know what it means to be an anomaly. Do you want to confuse my mind with these words and make me give up? That is impossible. Moreover, even if you refine my true body, I still have some tricks left behind. I am truly immortal. When have you ever seen a Saint die? A Saint has the ability to merge with the Heavenly Dao. " The Martial Emperor was unmoved. He still wanted to resist.