Chapter 321
===========

"Gu Chensha is indeed a genius. It's a pity that I can't use such a person, and he even goes against me." Wu Dangkong's expression kept changing. At this point, she couldn't help but admire this person.

"What's your goal?

Do you want to overthrow my Great Yong? "Gu Xuansha smiled faintly," Do you hate Father for forcing you into the palace as a concubine? " "That's right."

Wu Dangkong didn't have any misgivings now, "However, if Gu Taxian disappears, it's not impossible for me to take control of the Great Yongchō court and ascend to the throne as the Empress. I will definitely govern the world well." "Can you govern the world well?" Gu Xuansha asked.

"How can you know what I'm capable of?"

Wu Dangkong had the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman with her, so she was naturally fearless and would always be in an invincible position. She thought, Although the Emperor of Yongchō had the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, there were many restrictions at that time. The people's Qi wasn't abundant, and the laws were irregular. The fate of the country was weak, so the Emperor's Qi wasn't much. But now, the world is more than a hundred times stronger than it was in ancient times. The Emperor's Qi is so dense that it can't be compared to ancient times. If I can grasp the opportunity, I can definitely cultivate the Emperor's God-Bestowment Art to an unprecedented level. This is my best chance. " "I know you have some hidden tricks."

Gu Xuansha looked at Gu Dangkong, thinking about something. "I came back this time because I need your help with something." "What is it?" Wu Dangkong couldn't take Gu Xuansha lightly.

"I came back this time to obtain the position of Crown Prince. If I become the Crown Prince, won't our cooperation be flawless?" Gu Xuansha said.

"Crown Prince? You want to be the Crown Prince? "

Wu Dangkong was a little surprised. "Gu Taxian has to personally confer the title. How can I do that?"

"Don't worry. If my guess is correct, I will soon receive Father's imperial edict to make me the Crown Prince. I just don't want you to interfere." Gu Xuansha's tone was very mysterious.

"You know what Gu Taxian is going to do next?"

Wu Dangkong was on high alert. She was now the chief of the Upper Study Room and the Regent of the State. Although she could not subdue her subordinates, she still had a title and could slowly build up her power. However, if there was a Crown Prince, things would be different.

"How can you know my background?" Gu Xuansha returned the question to Wu Dangkong.

Wu Dangkong was so angry that he almost vomited blood. His eyes were cold, and he actually wanted to kill.

"Well, even if you are ambitious, you can't do it alone. Why don't we work together and share the world? That would be a good thing." Gu Xuansha's words made Wu Dangkong's killing intent even stronger.

"Let's not talk about the Crown Prince for now."

Wu Dangkong waved his hand. "Right now, we need to deal with the monsters and Gu Chensha. After both sides are injured, we can take advantage of the situation. I just want Gu Chensha's memories and the Heavenly Demon Tree." "I want his essence blood and part of his Primordial Spirit to make a treasure."

A smile appeared on Gu Xuansha's face. "Of course, his memories are not trivial. They contain many cultivation methods and mysteries. He can actually activate the dead Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird eggs. With this essence blood, I can do a lot of things." "Do you also have the dead eggs of ancient holy beasts?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"That's not for outsiders to know." Gu Xuansha was mysterious again.

"That's strange. Logically, only the blood of the Sun-Moon Dragon can activate a dead holy beast egg. Why can Gu Chensha also activate it? Did he also cultivate the Son of Heaven Investiture Technique? Impossible. "Wu Dangkong pondered." Maybe it's the mystery of the Great Massacre Divine Technique?

It seems that I can only understand everything by capturing this person and obtaining his memories. " "Let's not kill his people."

Gu Xuansha said, "After we kill him, I'm afraid that the Jingxian Department will take revenge on us. After we capture him, we can extract his memories and essence blood and take them to the court. We can say that he overestimated himself and cultivated demonic arts. He wanted to open the seal of the Sea of Sin and absorb monsters. Instead, he was eroded by the monsters, which led to the invasion of the monster army. We saved him." "Good idea. We have the high ground now."

Wu Dangkong naturally agreed with this idea. "When he captured Jing Fanxing, he slandered me. Let's see how he can escape this time." "Let's see if Zhuge Ya has any follow-up tricks."

Gu Xuansha looked at the sky in the distance. "In the Jingxian Department, the only one I'm afraid of is this person. Of course, Jin Suibo is definitely not simple."

"Jin Suibo has the Book of Wuji behind him. But this time, he was bewitched by Zhuge Ya and forcibly refined five stars. There will be more disasters in the future."

When Wu Dangkong was about to say something, the Devil Qi in the distance suddenly surged and cut off the light of stars. He immediately knew what had happened.

"The devil has used eighty percent of his power."

Gu Xuansha said, "It seems that he has to get Gu Chensha's body and soul. Let's see if he has more trump cards."

Gu Chensha's body was shining with stars for a while and was surrounded by black gas for a while. This was the sign of being possessed by the devil.

The devil used half of his power, but he couldn't suppress Gu Chensha. So, he increased his power and used eighty percent of his power.

This eighty percent power was not trivial. It immediately cut off the channel through which the power of stars fell. A black cloud covered the sky, forcibly covering the power of stars.

In the big formation, many devil shadows appeared. Flesh-Like flames appeared out of thin air, burning the big formation and making it sizzling. This was the demonic fire. Gu Chensha was about to melt in the demonic fire. Suddenly, his aura rose again! The soul in the depths of his mind underwent a shocking change.

The soul gave off an aura like that of the sun and moon. His mind expanded and his body shone brightly. It was like someone had sealed the Light of Primordial Beginning within.

"Dao Realm Sixteen Transformations, Reincarnation!" The demon roared in rage.

At that moment, Gu Chensha actually raised his realm once more and reached the Dao Realm Sixteen Transformations, Reincarnation Realm.

The so-called Reincarnation Realm meant that one's soul completely abandoned their physical body and borrowed someone else's body to recover their life. This realm represented another meaning, which was the complete separation of the soul and body.

Although every time he possessed someone else's body, his soul would be damaged and his cultivation would regress, it was still a completely new realm. His Nascent Soul had severed its connection with his physical body, allowing him to maintain his form in the world without dissipating.

Normally speaking, the soul needed to be nourished by the physical body. If it left the physical body for too long, it would slowly wither and disappear from the world.

If the physical body died, then even if the soul entered another body, the physical body would not be in sync with the soul, causing the physical body to die.

After reaching Reincarnation Realm, the soul would understand the mysteries of the physical body and could adjust its own frequency to suit any physical body.

This was a detailed realm that represented the improvement of one's soul and soul. One would be able to better sense heaven and earth and all living beings.

When one reached this realm, the frequency of one's soul fluctuations couldn't be compared to the Fifteen Transformations.

The Fifteen Transformations, Heaven's Eye Suspending, meant that one's soul was tough and didn't need to be afraid of heaven and earth fluctuations. The Sixteen Transformations, Reincarnation Realm, went one step further and became one with the frequency of all living beings.

When one reached this realm, one could use the soul to absorb spiritual energy and use formations to harmonize the physical body, causing the physical body and soul to become more perfect. The strength of all sorts of martial arts and energy would increase by several times.

The Sixteen Transformations, Reincarnation Realm, was like that in theory. It didn't just mean that the soul could be possessed. Weng …

The instant Gu Chensha advanced to the Sixteenth Transformation — Reincarnation by Possessing a Corpse, his Vital Qi, Stellar Energy, and Essence Soul immediately formed a resonance.

The power of the nether world was born from his limbs and bones, meridians, acupoints, sea of energy, and sea of consciousness. The entire formation's fluctuations became several times more compatible with him.

Huge starlight surged into the sky, scattering the black clouds once again. The power of the stars transformed into flames, musical notes, swords, and Dharma treasures that descended.

As Gu Chensha's powerful soul circulated, the power of the stars was no longer light. Instead, it took on various forms. In the end, it even transformed into the shadows of fairies and divine generals that directly descended into the formation.

Under such a powerful guidance, the formation that Gu Chensha had set up for four months unleashed a tremendous power. The Seven Colored Demonic Vine was originally dark gold in color, but now it actually became the color of the resplendent stars. It seemed to have transformed into a star tree.

"Immortal soul breakthrough!" Gu Chensha's soul rippled once more.

He used the Common People Mending Heaven Technique and the Common People Reforming Heaven Technique. Instantly, huge amounts of spiritual energy and celestial energy broke through the void and descended, striking the Rainbow Demon Vine.

The Common People Reforming Heaven Technique was evolved from the Great Massacre God Technique. It could absorb all sorts of dimensional energy and use all sorts of mysterious formulas to combine them. In the end, one would have endless Xiantian energy, soul power, and even spiritual power.

Gu Chensha wasn't able to fully comprehend the Great Massacre God Technique, but after his cultivation reached the Sixteen Transformations, he comprehended some of its profoundness.

Under his activation, the Common People Reforming Heaven Technique rippled and he felt all sorts of dimensions. In a trance, he felt like the entire world was different. The world wasn't like what he saw in front of him. Instead, there were many layers, twisting dimensions that stacked on top of each other endlessly.

He seemed to see countless dimensions. Among those dimensions, some were complete worlds with living beings, and some were flat worlds without living beings, all filled with all kinds of vital energy.

However, seeing was just seeing. He couldn't absorb energy from some dimensions. It was just like how ordinary people couldn't absorb the sun, moon, and stars when they saw them.

His realm wasn't there yet, or rather, he couldn't truly comprehend the supreme profoundness of the Great Massacre God Technique. However, such a change in realm allowed him to condense the Sky Demon Tree even faster.

In an instant, the Seven Colored Demon Vine grew even more vines and absorbed all the power of the stars.

It returned to its dark gold color, but all sorts of talismans formed on the tree again. Those talismans became leaves, and the talismans on each leaf danced like ghosts and gods. This was the sign of advancing to the Ghostly God Touch.