Chapter 583
===========

After Wu Dangkong sat down, he swept his gaze over the Celestial Calmness Bureau, not bothering to conceal his hatred. This meeting could be said to have shed all pretense of cordiality and attacked the other party.

"Lou Baiyue, you actually used the Regal Majesty's token to convene a court meeting? Are you trying to rebel?

The Crown Prince Residence didn't even know about this and didn't discuss it with us. Aren't you being too overconfident? "

After Wu Dangkong sat down, his voice was sharp and piercing, causing the hearts of many officials in the hall to tighten. As expected, the confrontation began.

"The devil calamity broke out and the world is in turmoil. Your Celestial Calmness Bureau and the Crown Prince Residence didn't take any action. You have ulterior motives, disregarding the lives of the common people. You actually dare to blame the Celestial Calmness Bureau?"

Lou Baiyue spoke without batting an eyelid, "Don't tell me you know that when the people are in a state of panic, we must convene a meeting to stabilize the situation? Or do you want the world to fall into chaos and plot something you shouldn't be plotting? " "Lou Baiyue, I'm the Crown Prince, the Crown Prince personally conferred by the Emperor. What could I be plotting? "

Gu Xuansha's eyes shone with a piercing light. "But the Celestial Calmness Bureau, what are you plotting?"

"Hahaha …" At this moment, a voice rang out, "Now that the world is in turmoil and the devil calamity has broken out, the imperial court is actually fighting openly and covertly. My Celestial Designer Institute can't bear to see this."

"The Celestial Designer Institute's Master, Princess Huan Sha, has arrived." At this moment, the eunuch in the hall shouted.

His voice was loud and clear, spreading out in all directions. Gu Chensha discovered that the two Devil Taoist Ancestor Masters, Wang Bei and Gao Ling, had actually joined the Celestial Designer Institute.

This was to be expected. These Devil Taoist Ancestor Masters were originally subordinates of the Immortal Lord, assisting the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Now that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was in seclusion and his whereabouts were unknown, it was only natural that these Devil Taoist Ancestor Masters would listen to the Immortal Lord and the daughter of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

"Who is Princess Huan Sha?" Many people in the imperial court had never heard of this person. They could not help but whisper among themselves.

Eunuch Wang Bei and Gao Ling walked in with Gu Huansha, as well as a man and a woman. They were Maha Linfeng and Maha Suisui. The other two were the Devil Dao Patriarchs of the Uncanny Hatchet.

Wang Bei and Gao Ling were the sect masters of the Everlasting Hatred Demon Sect and the Six Paths Demon Sect, while Uncanny Workmanship was the sect master of the Yama Demon Sect and the Reincarnation Demon Sect.

The 36 Demon Sects of the Primordial Era and the 72 Profound Sects of the Immortal Dao had been opposing each other for countless years.

The group of people from the Heavenly Craft Institution sat down in front of their seats. Wang Bei and Gao Ling took out an Imperial Edict, "This is the edict left behind by the Emperor. The Head of the Heavenly Craft Institution will be Princess Huan Sha. Princess Huan Sha is the Emperor's daughter, it's just that she's not in the palace. Today, the Imperial Court shall announce this."

The appointment and dismissal of the Celestial Designer Institute was not something that the High Study could interfere with. It had always been directly ordered by the emperor himself.

Only after the imperial edict was taken out did the various discussions in the imperial court die down.

"Alright, since everyone is here, let the imperial court begin."

Lou Baiyue stood up, holding the Imperial Medallion, she walked step by step to the Emperor's throne. Under the watchful eyes of everyone, she placed the Imperial Medallion on the throne, walked down, and performed three kowtows and nine kowtows. Seeing her doing this, all the officials also knelt down. Long live the emperor! Long live the emperor!

Wu Dangkong, Gu Xuansha, and the rest also felt that it was inappropriate for them to just sit. They also left their seats and knelt down. As for the people from the Heavenly Craft Institution, they also knelt down and kowtowed towards the Imperial Medallion.

Originally, Fa Wuxian was too arrogant and unruly to kowtow, but he knew from the Dharma Saint how powerful Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor was. In addition, he had a big plan today, so he could only endure it for now.

"Eh?"

Gu Chensha couldn't help but be secretly shocked when he saw many mysterious existences after Wu Dangkong chose to kneel. Many people in the immortal dao hated Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor to the bone. For example, Xuan An, his brother Xuan Xin was killed by Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor.

If Fa Wuxian and Xuan An didn't kneel just now, Gu Chensha would immediately activate his cultivation and kill the two of them in the name of great disrespect! After the three kowtows and nine kowtows, the officials returned to their positions.

The Imperial Medallion was placed on the Emperor's throne. Lou Baiyue was the first to speak. "As an official, the first wave of the demon disaster was stopped by the Calming Immortal Department. The second wave was suppressed by the Buddhist Sect of the Human Dragon League, which contributed greatly. I propose that the imperial court make the Human Dragon League an official organization. What does everyone think? " The officials immediately understood Lou Baiyue's intention.

If the Human Dragon League was made an official organization, it meant that the national treasury would have to provide subsidies. More importantly, it was a political signal.

The Human Dragon League's slogan was "Kill the treacherous concubine, clean up the emperor's side". It was directed at Wu Dangkong. If it was made an official organization, it meant that Wu Dangkong would lose all power.

More importantly, other than taxes, the imperial court's biggest source of finance was the Celestial Designer Department and the Calming Immortal Department.

Every year, the Celestial Designer Department and the Calming Immortal Department would take out a lot of finance and put it into the national treasury. The national treasury was allocated by the Upper Study Room and the Ministry of Revenue. That was to say, it was in the hands of Wu Dangkong.

The salaries of officials, local construction, and the allocation of various resources were all reported to the Upper Study Room by the Ministry of Revenue. Then, the Upper Study Room would discuss it and let the Regent Wu Dangkong sign it before it could be distributed.

In the years that Wu Dangkong had been in power, she had secretly swallowed the national treasury's resources, built up her own Clear Sky Chamber of Commerce, nurtured trusted aides, and suppressed dissidents.

Any official that supported her would be given resources from the national treasury. Any official that opposed her could forget about getting any money, rations, or resources. She was also hindered in many ways, making it impossible for normal local affairs to run smoothly.

Fortunately, the Fourth, Gu Huasha, had used the resources of the Calming Immortal Department to help many officials out of trouble, bypassing the national treasury that Wu Dangkong was in charge of and allowing various places to develop vigorously. This way, she had won over the hearts of all the officials, and at the same time, made it impossible for Wu Dangkong to do anything about it.

Although this was a small struggle in the imperial court, without Gu Chensha's fame and reputation, it was far more complicated and difficult than a battle with a god-level expert.

Gu Chensha knew that the Fourth's methods and struggles in the imperial court were not something that Wu Dangkong and Gu Xuansha could compare to. Back then, Wen Hong had evaluated that among Gu Taxian's many sons, only the Fourth was not bad.

In particular, recently, the Fourth had advanced to become an Innate Sage, and his prestige had become even stronger. He had carried out a series of arrangements, which was why the Calming Immortal Department had called for this imperial court meeting.

"Nonsense!"

As expected, Wu Dangkong flew into a rage and immediately objected, "The Human Dragon Union is a rebel. To think that the slogan they are shouting is to rid the emperor of evil doings. This is a slogan that only rebellious people have shouted in the past. I think that the Human Dragon Union has long been in cahoots with the Demon Race and is just putting on a show!

Your Calming Immortal Department has supported the Human Dragon Union and has long had the intention to rebel. " "Lou Baiyue."

At this time, Crown Prince Gu Xuansha spoke, "The Human Dragon Union is indeed disloyal and rebellious. Purging the emperor of evil doings is itself a great disrespect. Let's not talk about this for now.

Let's talk about the actual situation. With the outbreak of the Demon Disaster, the imperial court will have to spend a lot of money, and the national treasury is already struggling to make ends meet. How about this, your Calming Immortal Department should first increase the revenue that the national treasury has been receiving for the past ten times to support the expenses of the world? " "Oh?

I knew that the national treasury was being run by your people, and the revenue was not enough to make ends meet. "

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, stood up and said, "Actually, it's very simple. My suggestion is to abolish the Sun and Moon Bureau and confiscate the assets of the Clearsky Chamber of Commerce, the Hongyun Games, and the National Fortune Party. In recent years, your three chambers of commerce have been swallowing the national treasury and doing many illegal things. It's a good time to investigate all of them! It's more than enough to support the Human Dragon Union. "

At this point, many of the imperial court officials and ministers understood the intentions of the Calming Immortal Department. They were determined to suppress Wu Dangkong and the Crown Prince, as well as Gu Tanjian.

Supporting the Human Dragon Union, abolishing the Sun and Moon Bureau, confiscating the assets of the Clearsky Chamber of Commerce, the Hongyun Games, and the National Fortune Party … If all of these were completed, Wu Dangkong and the Crown Prince would lose all their authority and become mere puppets.

"The Fourth, your ambition has finally been exposed."

At this time, the Tenth Prince, Gu Zhensha, stood up, a cold smile on his face. "Your Calming Immortal Department wants to suppress the Crown Prince so that you can seize his position, right?" "Oh? I was wondering who it was. So it's the Tenth Prince. "

Gu Chensha laughed. This was his old rival. However, in the past ten years, he had left Gu Zhensha far behind.

Now, not to mention Gu Zhensha, Gu Chensha could even suppress and kill the Deity level old ancestor of the Lei Clan behind him. The Lei Clan's ancestor was not a Saint, but he was even stronger than one.

The Thunder God was an ancient god who had attained the position of a True God. He was even more ancient than the Dharma Saint, and he was also sealed and suppressed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

"Old Nineteen, you've really been surging like a storm recently."

The Tenth Prince, Gu Zhensha, looked at Gu Chensha with great hatred. "I know that you've cultivated some evil martial arts. Are you thinking of relying on this to force the Crown Prince to usurp the throne?" "Old Ten, you have no right to speak here today."

Gu Chensha looked over calmly. "You're just an idle State Duke who hasn't even been conferred a title by a King. All these years, you've been expanding your territory in the Wildlands, but you haven't made any progress. I, on the other hand, destroyed the Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos and killed the Ape Demon Race's Patriarch, Yuan Huang, as well as my subordinates, the Ten Great Battle Kings. I've expanded my territory by hundreds of thousands of li. Back then, when you wanted to compete with me in this in front of my Imperial Father, I couldn't be bothered to pay attention to it. But now, this is an important matter in the imperial court. How dare you spout nonsense here? If you say another word, I'll throw you out of this imperial court.

Do you believe me? "The Tenth Prince, Gu Chensha, must have reached some sort of agreement with Wu Dangkong and Gu Xuansha. He must have gained some sort of benefit by raising his voice in the imperial court. In the past, Gu Chensha was also the one who took the lead in everything. He had a fiery temper. He had suppressed Gu Chensha many times.