Chapter 1040
============

Crazy Counterattack

"Longevity God, you have to understand, for us, this world is actually just a temporary residence. Just like how we live here, our bodies are immortal, and have nothing to do with the world, fate, cause and effect, space-time. Even if the void explodes, it has nothing to do with us. For each of us who have comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra, only our hearts are our own. The world is just a reflection of our hearts. Therefore, your worries are unnecessary."

Zhuge Ya waved his hand, "The reason why The Fourth is worried is because he didn't see through something, causing him to babble all day long. No one knows what he's doing. It's all useless."

"I see. It seems like I'm about to comprehend this truth. At that time, even if everything around us is destroyed, we will still exist. That is true immortality. "Longevity God pondered.

"Alright, look. The Heavenly Dao in this universe is starting to boil. Knowing that danger is coming, it has started to gather. The Son of Destiny, the Son of Heaven, has appeared to fight against the invasion of Fa Wuxian." Lou Baiyue said.

Sure enough, in this vast universe, the Heavenly Dao's power had sensed the invasion of Fa Wuxian and started to choose the Son of Destiny and the Son of Heaven to fight against the Son of Heaven.

The universe itself had its own will. It couldn't allow itself to be devoured by Fa Wuxian. However, the universe's instinct couldn't turn into a human to fight against it. It could only choose the Son of Heaven, just like how the Heavenly Dao chose the Emperor Of Heaven.

In the universe of the Endless Land, the Heavenly Dao's instinct couldn't show itself. So, it chose a spokesperson, the Emperor Of Heaven. After a series of battles, the Emperor Of Heaven stood out, but he still couldn't save the Endless Land.

"The time in this universe has started to speed up. Look, that's the Son of Heaven.

That's because this Star River Universe is way bigger than the Endless Mainland back then. Therefore, the moment the Son of the Heaven's Dao was born, he was way stronger than the Heavenly Emperor back then. "Lou Baiyue and the rest of the crowd were watching without stopping.

Indeed, when Fa Wuxian was engulfing, the universe instinctively resisted. At the same time, time in the universe accelerated. Only a few breaths had passed outside, but several thousand years had passed inside. Under everyone's gaze, within the universe, an insignificant figure began to rise.

This minor character had started out as a useless prince of an empire on a planet. He had been ostracized and bullied. Suddenly, he had a fortuitous encounter and began to mature. He led troops to fight other planets, and he grew to become a major power. Then, he began to expand. Over the course of a thousand years, he experienced countless joys and sorrows, love and hate, and finally, he became a magnate, unified the universe, and became deathless.

At this time, Fa Wuxian began to infiltrate into this universe. His aura infected countless living beings, giving birth to Devourers. These Devourers were like parasites, constantly devouring the universe.

From the outside, Fa Wuxian's devouring process was very simple. He directly transformed into a huge black gas that enveloped the entire universe. Then, this black gas squirmed non-stop and began to seep into the fetal membrane of the universe's crystal wall to digest it. Devouring was one thing, but digestion was another.

Right now, Fa Wuxian was like a huge snake that had swallowed cattle and sheep into its stomach. Then, it began to stimulate the acid in its stomach to digest it.

Fa Wuxian's digestion process was the same. After he devoured the universe, the devouring power in his body gradually seeped into the universe, turning into many powerful existences, Devourers, and then all the living beings in the universe were devoured. In the end, the universe's will completely disintegrated and withered away. Then, the universe would collapse and die. There would no longer be any possibility of resisting him. He would obtain the experience of all the living beings in the universe, the essence of the universe's evolution, and from there, his power would increase.

However, the process of Fa Wuxian devouring the universe was not very smooth. The Devourers were met with resistance from the Son of the Heavenly Dao, who led the living beings in the universe. The two armies fought against each other. Unexpectedly, the Son of the Heavenly Dao destroyed many Devourers.

The Son of the Heavenly Dao's resistance gathered a lot of power from the universe. As more and more Devourers were destroyed, his cultivation base also increased.

"Not bad, not bad. Although Fa Wuxian devoured the universe, he encountered indigestion."

Wen Hong laughed: "It's not that easy to digest the universe. The universe's instinct was born, and the Son of the Heavenly Dao actually started to resist, hindering his digestion. Moreover, the Son of the Heavenly Dao continued to destroy the Devourers, which allowed him to temper himself."

"This is also because Fa Wuxian can't bear to part with the universe's fat. If he didn't use the digestion method and directly destroyed the universe, then it would be very difficult for the universe to resist." Longevity God said.

"Then it would be pure destruction."

Lou Baiyue waved her hand: "This way, Fa Wuxian wouldn't get any benefits. He might even be injured by the universe's desperate counterattack when the universe explodes. The gains do not make up for the losses. Fa Wuxian is a madman, but he wouldn't do such a thing. Because if he gets injured, it means that many people would want to kill him.

Therefore, he chose to slowly devour and digest, weakening the universe's Heavenly Dao bit by bit. That's the best outcome. "

"But I don't think it's that simple. Zhang Ziran, The Fourth, and the others are going to take action. Look, they have already secretly buried the foreshadowing in this universe. Now, they are also supporting the Son of the Heavenly Dao.

When Fa Wuxian starts to be in a stalemate with this universe, they can make a move and seal Fa Wuxian. Then, with everyone's strength, we can completely destroy Fa Wuxian. "Wen Hong said.

"This Fa Wuxian doesn't even have a single friend. How pitiful. Back then, in the Land of Infinity, his strength was above ours. Back then, he specialized in the fief of Chensha and was beaten back by us. That insufferably arrogant look on his face."

Lou Baiyue thought back to the past and felt as though it was a dream: "It hasn't been that long, just a little over a thousand years. To think that the state of the world would have turned into this. The Land of Infinity back then has long disappeared, replaced by the Human Realm, the countless universes and oceans. This is truly an era of great changes. I can't imagine what the state of the world would be like after another thousand years." "We are fortunate to have grown up in such an era of great changes."

Jin Suibo said: "If we were still in the Land of Infinity back then, it would be a tragedy. The world is too small, and we would never be able to grow."

"Indeed, this is an era of great changes. Guys, take a look. Within this universe, people who have cultivated the Dragonless Mental Skill are being born as well. Even the Son of the Heaven's Dao has started cultivating the Dragonless Mental Skill to fight against the devouring power of Fa Wuxian. This is my plan."

At this moment, Lou Baiyue pointed at the universe and said, "In order to avoid the devouring power of Fa Wuxian, the universe has to cultivate the Dragonless Mental Skill to create something out of nothing in order to fight against the situation."

And indeed, within this universe, the Son of the Heaven's Dao was the first to start cultivating the Dragonless Mental Skill, causing the power within his body to rise steadily. After that, many of his subordinates started comprehending it as well. Large numbers of people who had cultivated the Dragonless Mental Skill were born. Their powers were raised by tens of times, and the Source Power of the entire universe was increasing as well. Kill!

An endless amount of power started surging out as countless golden spears and armored horses appeared with an aura that could devour the mountains and rivers. This was happening right in the middle of the Star River.

"Fa Wuxian has been trapped."

Zhang Ziran looked at the situation in the Star River. "It's time for us to reap the harvest. The foreshadowing we've set up will accelerate the power of the Heavenly Daos in this universe to fight against the devouring power of Fa Wuxian. But now, the Son of the Heaven's Dao has actually started cultivating the Dragonless Mental Skill. That's not what we want. If he succeeds in cultivating the Dragonless Mental Skill, will he become a part of the new world?"

"We're also people who have comprehended the Dragonless Mental Skill, but we're not part of the new world either. We're still fighting against Gu Chensha."

The Fourth said, "Actually, there are many people who have cultivated the Dragonless Mental Skill, but there are many who don't follow Gu Chensha's ideals. Gu Chensha is stubborn, and he's not a good person.

Once this Son of the Heaven's Dao is born, he might have cultivated the Dragonless Mental Skill, but he won't go to the new world, because once he does, he'll have to start all over again. Who can bear that? "

"In any case, we have to be prepared. If this Son of the Heaven's Dao doesn't side with us, then we'll die together with Fa Wuxian. We'll seal Fa Wuxian and refine him into a powerful weapon. Then, he'll be invincible under the Imperishable Realm." Zhang Ziran said.

"That's right. That's exactly what I'm thinking. Actually, Fa Wuxian is already a half-step Imperishable Realm, and he's very strong. Anything under the Imperishable Realm is useless against him. Who knows how many universes he's devoured these days, and his devouring power has reached the highest level. If we can refine him into an artifact, we'll be many times stronger."

The Fourth had the same idea. Killing Fa Wuxian was secondary. More importantly, he wanted to refine Fa Wuxian into an artifact. Once Fa Wuxian was refined into an artifact, their strength would increase by leaps and bounds.

Moreover, the Fourth had another idea. After refining Fa Wuxian into an artifact, he could become one with the artifact. That way, he would be able to truly comprehend the Imperishable Realm.

He knew that only when he reached the Imperishable Realm would he be able to fight against Gu Chensha.

"Damn it, you ants! How dare you resist my devouring? That's treason!"

Fa Wuxian was infuriated. All of a sudden, a pure power of nothingness erupted from his body. "Gu Huasha, Zhang Ziran, do you really think I don't know that you've been plotting against me?

You've underestimated me, Fa Wuxian. I've been waiting for you to fall into your trap, and then I'll take you all out in one fell swoop. The world is boiling, the universe is stirring, and my power will reach the pinnacle. Comprehend the Imperishable Realm. Come out! " RUMBLE!

Fa Wuxian's power transformed into a pure black color, without the slightest impurity. It was completely different from Heaven-Dao energy.

"Invincible! I can't believe he's in the Invincible Deathless state!" Guhuasha exclaimed. "Impossible!"