Chapter 578
===========

The Martial Emperor established the Great Wu Dynasty. At that time, the Martial Emperor used his Dao Realm 36 Transformations to suppress many aristocratic families. He used the Dragon Transformation Pagoda to gather the hearts of the people. He attacked Desolate Continent and expanded his territory. He made the four seas submit to him. The Martial Emperor fell but his achievements were recorded in history and had never been erased. Now that he had revived, there had to be a huge reason behind it.

Gu Chensha had obtained the Ancient Desolate Dragon Gate's talisman and refined it into his body. He had obtained all of the Martial Emperor's secrets. The Martial Emperor's cultivation base could be said to have come from the Ancient Desolate Dragon Gate. His resurrection also came from Gu Chensha's bloodline. So now that Gu Chensha had obtained great achievements, he was very clear about the Martial Emperor's movements.

The Martial Emperor himself was an anomaly. If he was captured and suppressed in the People's Wish Sphere, he would be able to form a medium-sized world before the Dharma Saint.

After obtaining all of the memories of the Lord of Seven Stars, Gu Chensha's knowledge was above that of the Dharma Saint.

Of course, his cultivation was worlds apart from the Dharma Saint's. After all, his cultivation was only at the Dao Realm 24 Sides Peek into the Future.

His magic power was more than ten times stronger than before. Moreover, his absorption ability, conversion ability, and resistance ability were all incomparable to before.

This was because he had absorbed the Primordial Dragon Gate talisman. The effects of this talisman were even more amazing than the Celestial Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife.

After all, the Primordial Dragon Gate was one of the three supreme treasures along with the Hongmeng Tree. The Celestial Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife was just a gourd formed by the Hongmeng Tree. Hongmeng Tree, Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, Primordial Dragon Gate.

These three treasures that had been passed down since ancient times represented a deep truth and luck.

At this moment, after Gu Chensha absorbed the talisman, even a Deity level expert wouldn't be able to kill him. He could easily escape. Even if he didn't use his minor chiliocosm, Gu Chensha could still use his Heavenly Dao Arts to activate the All-encompassing Destruction Rod's abilities and break through everything.

In the past, even though his Dharmic powers were strong, he could not maintain the staff for long. Now that he had swallowed the Primeval Dragon Gate's talisman, he could wield it as he pleased. He could even activate the many mysteries of the staff.

The All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel was extremely destructive. In the hands of the Hercules God, it could even destroy a True God's Divine Kingdom.

Originally, the Titan God had forged this staff in preparation for the Divine War, to destroy the enemy's Divine Kingdom. The Divine Kingdom of a True God was much sturdier than the Minute Dust World of an ordinary Deity. Of course, even a Divine Kingdom of a True God could not compare to a dimensional realm.

If a True God wanted to promote their Divine Kingdom to the scale of a dimensional realm, they would need countless years of hard work.

As far as Gu Chensha knew, among the True Gods, only the God of Maha had turned his Divine Kingdom into a dimensional realm.

Of course, there was also the Great Spirit God. However, the Great Spirit God's Divine Kingdom had been destroyed. Because of this, he had escaped the seal of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. Now, he was together with the Sorcerer Ancestor. He wanted to devour the Sorcerer Ancestor to obtain another advancement. Even if it was the Demonic Ape of Chaos, his Divine Kingdom was still a Minute Dust World.

Gu Chensha had not integrated the All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel into the Tree of Wishes. In fact, not only was it easier to use, but it was also not very useful for the construction of the world. It was purely used for fighting and destroying. Moreover, Gu Chensha had discovered the secret of this cudgel. He was going to integrate this cudgel into his own body to strengthen the changes of his body. With the Unity of Man and Cudgel, he could use the operation of the Heavenly Law to achieve many abilities that could be achieved in different realms. For example, the All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel could break through time and space.

If Gu Chensha could achieve the Unity of Man and Cudgel, he could tear through space and arrive at another place. That would be equivalent to the cultivation of the 27 Transformations "Seamless Space Between".

However, for the 27 Transformations, he still needed to find the spatial coordinates. Only then could he tear through space and teleport. Gu Chensha's cultivation was still not up to par. He needed to cultivate to the 26 Transformations "10,000 Techniques Return to One" before he could grasp it. Otherwise, he would not be able to teleport successfully. He would be swept into the endless space-time turbulence, directly getting lost or dying.

Although he had devoured the Dragon Sect's talisman, ordinary space-time turbulence could not do anything to him. However, if he got lost, it would be very dangerous.

"Open!"

Gu Chensha's body transformed into a ball of light. Within this ball of light, many scenes appeared. Finally, it reached the depths of the sea. There seemed to be a cave abode. That cave abode was like a crystal palace. It was constantly revolving and the Martial Emperor was in the crystal palace. It was unknown what he was doing.

"This is the Crystal Dragon Palace of the Monster Race Leader?" Zhuge Ya took a look and knew that Gu Chensha had divined where the Martial Emperor was.

The Martial Emperor was an anomaly and he had reached the 31 Transformations of Dao Realm, Creation of the Void. Even Zhuge Ya couldn't deduce where he was. However, Gu Chensha was actually able to do so. One reason was because Gu Chensha's Heaven Path Technique was special. The second reason was that the Martial Emperor revived. Due to Gu Chensha's bloodline and the fact that Gu Chensha swallowed the Dragon Sect Talisman, even if the Martial Emperor ran to the ends of the world, he wouldn't be able to escape Gu Chensha's pursuit.

The crystal palace where the Martial Emperor was at was actually the nest of the Monster Race Leader, Black Dragon Sage.

Li Wanlong of the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons was in front of him. The Monster Race Holy Land was called Lion Camel Mountain and the Monster Race Leader was called Lion Camel Sage.

Before the Lion Camel Mountain, it was called the Sky Peng World. The master was Sky Peng Sage, a giant Peng bird.

It was rumored that this bird cultivated the Heavenly Demon Tree and built his nest in the Heavenly Demon Tree. He escaped into the chaotic flow of time and space and became the Sky Peng World.

Before the Sky Peng World was the Crystal Dragon Palace. The master was an underwater black dragon called Black Dragon Sage. He belonged to the Water Race. The demons in the sea were much more numerous than those on land.

Before the "Crystal Dragon Palace", there was the "Wonderful Fragrant Fox Country". Its master was a nine-tailed fox called "Great Sage Sweet Fox". It was rumored that Aunt Hu was the sister of Sweet Fox Sage.

Now, the Martial Emperor was actually in the Crystal Dragon Palace. He seemed to have found some kind of treasure.

Gu Chensha knew that the Martial Emperor had many arrangements under the sea. For example, when the Martial Emperor was resurrected, he obtained his bloodline in the Ancient Dark Underworld Underwater Palace. From there, he refined all the treasures in the entire underwater palace and turned them into his body.

"The Martial Emperor came to give us treasures. If he wasn't the Martial Emperor, how could we find the Crystal Dragon Palace left behind by the Ancient Black Dragon Sage?" Zhuge Ya immediately started divining. Whoosh!

At this time, Gu Chensha had already turned into a beam of light. Under the effect of the sphere, he disappeared without a trace. He directly used the sphere's power to teleport to the bottom of the sea. The power of the sphere could be said to be remarkable, far surpassing that of a Sage.

The World Burying Coffin contained countless treasures. The Son of Heaven's Aura accumulated over countless years, and the coffin itself were all integrated into the Tree of Wishes to strengthen the sphere's power. Gu Chensha casually used it to lock onto the Martial Emperor and teleport him there. There wasn't even the slightest ripple.

It was unknown which deep sea it was, but in the depths of a trench that was ten thousand li deep, countless underwater veins formed a natural formation. There were densely packed whirlpools everywhere, as if they were connected to another world. In the undercurrents at the bottom of the sea, there were even hidden spatial cracks. In such a perilous situation, only Divine level experts would be able to reach this place. In the center of this trench, a huge crystal city with a circumference of a hundred li appeared. This was the Crystal Dragon Palace.

This Crystal Dragon Palace seemed like it could move at any time. It would only stay here for a short time. This crystal city was only staying here to absorb the veins here. Gu Chensha arrived at this place.

He instantly saw the majestic Crystal Dragon Palace. Then, he looked around and saw the trench. It was actually a natural Soul Returning Formation in the Thousand Dragon Sea.

This formation was formed by the movement of the seabed's crust. It naturally gathered the Earth Energy in the sea. After countless sea creatures died, their souls would not dissipate. Instead, they would be absorbed and gathered by this formation.

If no one cared for it for thousands of years, then this formation would give birth to peerless evil spirits.

However, it seemed like the Crystal Dragon Palace was absorbing the Earth Energy and Soul Returning Force here. Gu Chensha's body flashed and he entered the Crystal Dragon Palace.

There was a person standing at the periphery of the Dragon Palace. It was the Martial Emperor. The Martial Emperor's face was very gloomy, as if he was filled with monstrous hatred. This hatred was endless, as if he wanted to tear someone apart.

"Wu Dangkong!

You actually dared to steal my Desolate Eon's Dragon Gate talisman. I will never let you off! "The Martial Emperor suddenly roared. Gu Chensha heard him.

"Hahaha! The Martial Emperor still thinks that Wu Dangkong stole his talisman. It's no wonder. The Demon Disaster has only erupted for a few hundred breaths. Moreover, the Martial Emperor is deep in the trench. He can't sense that the world outside has turned upside down." Gu Chensha laughed to himself.

However, all this was not important. He had to suppress the Martial Emperor and race against time. He had to upgrade the sphere before the Dharma Saint. This was the most important thing. Otherwise, the world would be in a different situation.

The large-scale Demon Disaster had already been suppressed. There were only small-scale Demon Race experts killing and looting among the people. It did not affect the big picture. The only big picture was that the Common People's Wish sphere had to become a medium-class realm.