Chapter 232
===========

"He just pointed and they couldn't move at all?"

Gu Chensha thought to himself, The cultivation of these two women is not to be underestimated. They must have used an invisible innate energy to bind them. Only those who have reached the seventh transformation of the Dao Realm can use this. Why would such people appear in the mountains near the capital city of Wu Province?

The first five transformations of Dao Realm were Eating Energy and Fasting, Nine Bulls and Two Tigers, Copper Skin and Iron Bones, Swallow Gold Stone, and Spirit Gathering.

No matter how strong one was, one couldn't injure others invisibly. One had to use the power of one's physical body to attack and destroy others.

Dao Realm Transformation Xiantian Energy could only be released and not retracted. It could only rip apart one's body and pierce through stone. It couldn't restrict one's body.

Only Dao Realm Transformation Seven could use it freely and turn it into an invisible rope to bind the enemy.

Gu Chensha had seen many experts recently. Even Gu Huo, who had an 18 Transformation Golden Core, was plotted against. People at Dao Realm Transformation Seven couldn't even take one strike from him.

But that didn't mean that people at Transformation Seven were trash. On the contrary, be it in the Celestial Path or Demon Path, people who could reach Transformation Seven were the core strength and experts with stable positions.

"That girl might be a really strong Celestial Path person."

Gu Chensha told the bunch of scholars to sit down, "I think they showed mercy, otherwise, it would have been really dangerous."

He knew that these bunch of scholars definitely saw that the girl was beautiful and tried to tease her. They thought that they were flirting but in the end, they stepped on a nail. But he didn't expose them in case they felt awkward. It would definitely be useful to make friends with these scholars.

"But those two girls are really as beautiful as fairies." Scholar Huang sucked in a cold breath. His eyes were still filled with infatuation.

"Our faces are covered in dust, so we won't be able to meet anyone tomorrow."

Feng Yuzhou called a maid in, "Take my card to Tiger Leopard Alliance and tell them that I can't meet them tomorrow." "Yes."

That maid bowed and backed off. She was really docile and it was obvious that she had been trained for many years.

"Tsk tsk, Brother Feng, you really are from an aristocratic family. You have such a huge business. Not many people can have such a good life."

A scholar was extremely satisfied with the enjoyment in the Rain Admiration Pavilion, "We are also short of money to stay in such a luxurious place for a long period of time."

It was comfortable to stay in the Rain Admiration Pavilion. Food and clothes were provided, and life was exquisite. It was a pity that it was too expensive, costing a hundred dollars a day. Such expenses were something that even a disciple of a large clan could not afford.

Gu Chensha knew life very well. Some of the nobles in the capital only had this much monthly allowance.

"It's my treat for the next few days. Don't stand on ceremony."

Feng Yuzhou straightforwardly waved his hand, "I've already made an appointment with the Tiger Leopard Alliance's leader. He's representing the Crown Prince to meet us.

We are all people with scholarly honors and might become officials in the future. The Crown Prince is very polite to us. If the Crown Prince takes a liking to us and gives us some financial support, wouldn't we be rich? " "That's true."

A few scholars nodded. "I heard that the Crown Prince likes scholars and has formed a National Fortune Party. As long as a scholar that he likes joins the party, he will receive a considerable salary every month."

"A gentleman is in a group but not in a clique. Forming cliques to disrupt the government isn't what a righteous person would do."

Gu Chensha's eyes flashed. He didn't expect Gu Tanjian to be so ambitious. He actually contacted scholars in the government and formed cliques for personal gain.

In history, scholars in any dynasty would have cliques and corrupt the government. For their own benefits, they would betray the country and do anything. Gu Chensha was well-versed in history books, and he abhorred factional strife.

The scholars and scholars of the world could not be underestimated. Those who were able to obtain scholarly honors must have a family behind them. Once they were involved, they would be the gentry class of the entire world. Since ancient times, the gentry class had been the largest ruling class in a country, occupying at least half of the destiny.

Gu Tanjian was starting to make a move in this aspect. He was probably planning something for the world.

Many cultivators thought that the people of the mortal world were fools and that there was nothing valuable about them. Gu Chensha used to think so too, but ever since he studied the ancient scrolls and cultivated to a profound level, he felt that the people of the world were not ants.

The reason why the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had such a high cultivation and was able to intimidate the heavens, slay devils and kill gods, and punish the immortal dao was probably because he had comprehended the profundities of the mortal world.

Moreover, the final move of the Son of Heaven Investiture Art was the 'All Beings Are United'. Since ancient times, none of the Heavenly Emperors who obtained the Heaven Sacrifice Decree were able to cultivate this move.

If Gu Tanjian had the Great Spirit God behind him, then forming a clique to contact the scholars in the world was definitely not as simple as gathering power. It might be some kind of cultivation.

The Great Spirit God had fought with the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor before. At his level, he could definitely see through the profundities of the mortal world.

"That's not true. We scholars gather together to supervise the government and criticize the corruption of the government. This is a matter of course. Forming a clique is to achieve greater things."

Feng Yuzhou disagreed. "However, what Brother Chen said is the spirit of a scholar, so I can't say otherwise. In fact, I would like Brother Chen to join my Spiritual Light Poetry Club."

Gu Chensha knew that the Feng Family had great influence in the Spiritual State. The scholars in the family formed the Spiritual Light Poetry Club and contacted many scholars in the Spiritual State. In fact, it was also a small clique. In the past, even the local officials were afraid of the public opinion of the Spiritual Light Poetry Club.

No wonder Feng Yuzhou tried to make friends with scholars everywhere and asked them to join his Spiritual Light Poetry Club. The more people he had, the more he could negotiate with Gu Tanjian. It's not impossible to join this person's Poetry Club. I'll see what Gu Tanjian is up to.

Besides, I can use the power of these people to find clues. Maybe I'll gain something. Gu Chensha thought to himself, Where is the reincarnated person of the Martial Song Star? It's so hard to predict. After a moment of silence, he said, "Alright, I'll join your Poetry Club." "Hahaha."

Feng Yuzhou laughed. "Brother Chen's cultivation strength is not low. If you join our Poetry Club, you'll definitely become the backbone."

This was why he entered the tea stall by the roadside and tried to strike up a conversation with Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha was dressed like a scholar and was a martial arts master. Feng Yuzhou could tell at a glance that he wanted to make friends with him and bring him into his force.

Martial arts masters were not ordinary either. They could be generals in the imperial court, and they were scholars. Therefore, they would definitely be able to get an official position in the future.

Moreover, Gu Chensha was very young, only sixteen or seventeen years old. In three to five years, he would become someone great. Born in a big family, Feng Yuzhou had good foresight.

"Young Master, Ding Sanpo, the third leader of the Tiger Leopard Alliance, wishes to see you." At this moment, a maidservant came in and handed an invitation to Feng Yuzhou.

"Oh? Quick, invite him in. "

Feng Yu Zhou hurriedly stood up and looked around, "Everyone, the Tiger Leopard Alliance was originally a gang in the pugilistic world. Originally, we scholars wouldn't take them seriously. But now, we are no longer to be trifled with. Everyone, please do not show any disdain towards them. Otherwise, you might offend them."

"We understand." Obviously, all the scholars present had been roped in with Feng Yuzhou at the center.

As they spoke, a series of footsteps could be heard. The leader was a burly man who looked like a tower. He gave off a fierce aura of a Martial Arts Master. He seemed to be able to break through to the Dao Realm at any time. This was the third leader of the Tiger Leopard Alliance, Ding Sanpo. However, he was very respectful to a middle-aged man in a Taoist robe beside him.

"Greetings, third leader."

Feng Yuzhou looked awkward. "I was going to visit the Tiger Leopard Alliance tomorrow, but I'm ashamed that I haven't recovered from my injuries." "It's fine. I heard that you were injured, so I immediately invited Taoist Nie."

Ding Sanpo hurriedly bowed, "Although I am a rough man, and you may not think highly of my Jianghu gang, I am a person who admires scholars. Today, I have brought some gifts, and I hope you will give me face."

The scholars present looked at each other. They found this leader of the Tiger Leopard Alliance much more pleasing to the eye.

"Leader Ding, there's no need to belittle yourself. The Tiger Leopard Alliance's power is connected to both land and water. We still have many places to rely on. Furthermore, leader Ding is courteous to scholars today. You have the style of an ancient hero." A scholar cupped his hands and bowed. Many scholars also expressed their politeness.

"Taoist Nie, please use your means to treat the injuries of my friends." Ding Sanpo pleaded to the middle-aged Taoist beside him.

"They only have superficial injuries. However, injuries to the tendons and bones will take a hundred days or at least a few months to recover. Physical pain is unavoidable.

Since I am working for the Prince, and the Prince is compassionate towards scholars, I will relieve everyone of their pain. "

While speaking, Taoist Nie took out a green gourd and shook it. Instantly, a milky white energy surged out from the gourd like a snake.

The milky white snake energy drilled into the scholars' wounds. Instantly, their swollen, broken bones, and torn skin all healed at an unbelievably quick speed.

"This … This is the work of a god."

Many scholars were shocked and looked at Taoist Nie. They knew that this priest was really skilled and they couldn't offend him.

Gu Chensha looked on coldly from the side. He could see that this priest was actually at the Dao Realm Eight Transformation Samadhi True Fire. He was just a bit away from cultivating the Glass Jade Body, but his cultivation was stuck at this point and it was tough for him to improve.

"There's demonic aura in your injuries. If I'm not mistaken, you met a woman in white and green, am I right?" Nie Daoist Priest asked.

"How did you know?" Feng Yu Zhou was shocked.

"You met a monster. One of them is a green snake and the other is a white snake. These two monsters are really amazing and are good at sucking one's energy to confuse the scholars. It is already fortunate that you were only injured. "Taoist Nie said. Many of the scholars broke out in a cold sweat.

"Taoist … Then, what should we do?" Scholar Huang's teeth were trembling.

"Don't worry, no matter how strong they are, they won't dare to do anything. They should be planning something." Taoist Nie said.

"Men."

Ding Sanpo called out. A few men carried a few plates with some jewelry on them, "This is a meeting gift for all of you. I hope that all of you won't reject it. My Tiger Leopard Alliance wants to renovate the hall and would like some scholars to write poems. " "No, no." The scholars were all delighted. Even Gu Chensha got one. All in all, it was around 1,000, which was really generous.

"Tomorrow, our Alliance Leader will return and discuss the cooperation with Brother Feng. Three days later, the Prince will come here. "Ding Sanpo tried to rope in Feng Yu Zhou.