Chapter 874
===========

"Chu Feng, you're the grand Jin Heavenly King, yet you've ended up like this. Your heavenly king origin has been stripped and the Primordial Dragon Gate has been devoured. However, you don't look discouraged at all. Instead, you're getting more and more confident. Why is that?

Could it be that you've received pointers from the Emperor Heaven King? "the Immortal Master asked curiously.

"I'm the heavenly king, and I'll always be the heavenly king. This is also the mission the Heavenly Dao has entrusted to me."

Chu Feng laughed sinisterly. "The thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman has arrived. You've also sensed that all the shackles between heaven and earth have disappeared. This way, experts will emerge one after another, especially those with the bloodline of the Divine Prefecture. They're all proud sons of heaven, and each of them will cultivate to an extremely high realm. Moreover, their minds will also change. They won't listen to the Immortal Jingxian's lies. As long as we wait, the world will descend into chaos and these people will kill each other to weaken their strength.

"If the world descends into chaos and we've lost all our strength, I'm afraid we'll die." The Immortal Master frowned.

"You'll die, but I won't."

Chu Feng sized up the Immortal Master. "But seeing that you're not in cahoots with that bastard Gu Chensha, I can help you this once. Just stay here and I'll tell you what to do when the time comes. Got it? "

"Then I'll thank Lord Heavenly King here." The Immortal Master really seemed like a weak woman at this moment as she bowed to Chu Feng.

"The human heart is truly unfathomable."

Gu Chensha saw this scene. "In the end, the Immortal Master is still my father's woman. She actually doesn't believe us and is instead respectful to that crippled Chu Feng. Is she being cheap or something?" As he spoke, he shook his head and looked toward the distant Iron Mountain of Legalism.

The Legalists were the number one aristocratic family of the Divine Prefecture and had existed for close to ten thousand years. Even though they'd been severely suppressed in the recent decades, they were still a centipede that never died. This was especially true after the resurrection of the Dharma Saint. He contacted the Demon Race and created a dimensional realm. Then, he formed an alliance with the Heaven and Earth Ancestor and joined forces with Wu Dangkong. They stirred up trouble everywhere in the dark and always had the intention of overthrowing the Divine Prefecture.

The Dharma Saint's cultivation base had already reached the Heaven Longevity stage, surpassing many of the old-timers.

The last time Gu Chensha entered the Black Heaven and Earth Gate, he grabbed Wu Dangkong's Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman and then went to deal with the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth and the Immortal Master. After that, he went to the ruins of the prehistoric civilization and did not find the Dharma Saint.

Dharma Saint was originally with Wu Dangkong, but he seemed to have heard some news and escaped without a trace. He did not even return to his Legalism lair.

However, Gu Chensha didn't come to deal with the Legalists this time. Even if the Legalists had already formed a dimensional realm, he didn't need to personally take action. This was because let alone a dimensional realm, even a boundless world could be destroyed by Gu Chensha with a flick of his finger.

He had come here because he had sensed the reincarnation of the Boundless Treasure in the Dharma Prefecture. Now that he had cultivated a celestial body, nothing could hide from his calculations.

He walked on the streets of the Dharma Prefecture, observing the local customs. The Dharma Prefecture was named after the Dharma Saint. Now that the Legalists had collapsed, it had a huge impact on them.

In the land of the Dharma Prefecture, Gu Chensha could feel the mark of the Legalists gradually dissipating.

The Dharma Saint had created the Code of All Ages and started the trend of an era. For thousands of years, the imperial court had more or less used his laws to govern the country. As a result, the Dharma Saint had amassed a lot of destiny and power. His accumulation could not be said to be weak. Moreover, he had broken free from the shackles of the Heavenly Dao and resurrected himself.

Gu Chensha knew that he still had a lot of destiny left, which was why he had been able to escape from him this time.

However, this was just child's play. Besides the Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Chensha did not consider anyone a match. The matter of the Dharma Saint could be resolved at any time.

"The Legalists are finished."

When Gu Chensha walked into a teahouse, he heard a lot of discussion. Many people had gathered here to spread the news and discuss countermeasures.

There were no waiters in the teahouse. Instead, there were mechanical puppets. They were vivid and lifelike, walking as if they were flying. These mechanical puppets were exactly the same as humans, except that they had no intelligence. However, when they worked, they did not know fatigue. Now, many places among the people used these mechanical puppets. Even the commoners of the most ordinary families could buy a mechanical puppet to work. This was sold by the imperial court.

Of course, these low-level mechanical puppets could only work and not fight. If they wanted to fight, they would have to buy more expensive combat puppets. However, ordinary families could not afford them.

This was some technology from the prehistoric civilization, and all of it had been accepted by the new "Dragonless Cabinet".

The Celestial Calmness Department and the Celestial Designer Institute had already become history. Now, the official organization of the imperial court was the "Dragonless Cabinet".

"The Legalists are indeed finished. In the past few days, the imperial court has already begun to send experts into the Legalists' dimensional realm to conduct a large-scale search. Just a few hours ago, they captured hundreds of thousands of Legalist disciples and locked them up one by one to be judged for their crimes of rebellion. That's not all. The Legalists have also colluded with the demons in an attempt to carry out some Spirit Demon Plan. That is to wipe out all humans and then merge with the demons to give birth to a new race that will be controlled by the Legalists." Someone said, "This is a heinous crime!

The people of the Legalists should all die. Only by destroying their souls can they vent their anger. "

"That's not necessarily true. If you want to pin a crime on someone, you can always find a pretext. Right now, the imperial court has established the Dragonless Cabinet, abolished the crown prince, and purged the aristocratic families in an attempt to reorganize the hearts of the people. The Legalists are naturally the first. As a Great Sage of humanity, the Dharma Saint has a lot of merit, so we can't kill them all. "

Someone frowned and said, "I think the former Calming Immortal Department, which is the current Dragonless Cabinet, is a little complacent. This isn't a long-term plan. Abolishing the crown prince and the Heavenly Designer Institute is equivalent to abolishing the rules left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. I'm afraid there will be a great disaster."

"Keep your voice down. The world is now under strict surveillance. Our every move is under the eyes and ears of the people's marshal.

If you act like this, you'll be dissatisfied with the imperial court. I'm afraid there will be a great disaster. "Someone hurriedly stopped him.

"It's fine. The imperial court hasn't gone that far, and they haven't been punished for their words in recent years," the person said proudly.

"This is the ideology of the former Calming Immortal Department. If they change their minds and come to arrest me because of my words, then they will really be going against the law and will not be far from destruction." "Don't say anymore."

Someone slammed the table and stood up. "Junior, what do you know? The imperial court is unprecedentedly enlightened and prosperous. The people's marshal is upright and strict, always handling matters impartially and without any selfishness. It's millions of times better than any imperial court in the past. Everyone can cultivate now, and there's even hope of advancing to the highest realm. It's nothing like before, trembling under the tyranny of the demon race and almost being wiped out several times.

Now you're actually criticizing the imperial court, which means you're dissatisfied with me. If you say another word, I'll definitely kill you. " "Hmph! Where did this mad dog come from? Do you think I, Gao Xinyuan, will be afraid of you? "

The person who criticized the imperial court also stood up and laughed coldly. "I'd like to see what you're capable of." As they spoke, the two of them were at daggers drawn and were about to attack.

In the unseen world, there seemed to be a power that felt the murderous intent and murderous aura. In this teahouse, a beam of light suddenly descended and then spread out, as if it was some kind of warning.

"This is the power of the imperial court's heavenly net. It forbids fighting. If you want to attack, I'm afraid you'll be punished by the imperial court." Someone was familiar with the meaning of the light.

"The imperial court's power is now indeed monitoring the Four Wilds and the Divine Prefecture. Not a single place is overlooked." Someone coldly observed without saying a word.

"Hmph!" The person who criticized the imperial court was called Gao Yuanxin. He coldly snorted and left the teahouse. The others also continued to drink tea and chat.

After Gao Yuanxin left the teahouse, he returned to his residence. This residence was a tall building with a full 100 floors. Tens of thousands of people lived in it.

Now, there were such tall buildings everywhere in the Divine Prefecture. Because of the explosive growth of the population, the land area was not enough. Although the Four Wilds were large, many people in the Divine Prefecture were not willing to leave the Divine Prefecture to go to the Four Wilds. This was because everyone knew that only people born in the Divine Prefecture had extremely powerful bloodlines, which would be of great benefit to their future cultivation. If they left the Divine Prefecture and went to the Four Wilds, then their descendants would lose the bloodline of the Divine Prefecture.

Therefore, after the news spread, countless people poured into the Divine Prefecture, causing the population of the Divine Prefecture to skyrocket again. The prices of various kinds of land also rose steadily.

"The imperial court really does have a lot of supporters, but I feel like I'm in great danger."

After Gao Yuanxin returned to his residence, he was very unhappy. "The rulers of the Celestial Calmness Bureau, such as Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, Zhuge Ya, and Gu Huasha, are all very fake. Forget it. I don't care about that. I just need to focus on cultivation. Hopefully, I can reach a very high level. I don't think I can see the future clearly. But now that so many people have broken through, it seems like cultivation has become much easier. "

Gao Yuanxin's ears twitched slightly, and he heard the sound of many spirit qi explosions resounding one after another in the building he lived in. Someone was breaking through to the Dao Realm.

"What?"

Gao Yuanxin was a bit surprised. "The youngest son of the Wang Family, who lives on the 54th floor, is only nine years old. He just broke through to the Dao Realm? How long has he been cultivating? "

As he listened, an aura appeared above Gao Yuanxin's head. Within that aura, a magical treasure appeared. It looked like an eyeball. The Endless Eye! All of a sudden, someone appeared in Gao Yuanxin's room.

This person was wearing a long robe, and his entire body seemed transparent. When he appeared, Gao Yuanxin could sense it, and his eyes snapped open. "Who are you?" "The reincarnation of the Endless Eye. I've finally found it."

The transparent robe said, "You're in danger right now. The imperial court could capture you at any moment and take your life bound magical treasure. Come with me, I'll take you to a safe place." 。 a