Chapter 789
===========

Gu Chensha finally saw the true face of The Great Spirit God. This god was indeed worthy of his reputation.

At first glance, Gu Chensha could tell that this person's strength was above that of Wan Senshi, the Immortal Master, and even the Victorious Fighting Celestial Lord. There was even an aura of Heavenly Origin on him. It was just unstable. Once it stabilized, this person would truly break through the limit and reach the Heavenly Origin Realm that no living creature had ever been able to break through. The Mighty Miracle God's craftiness, scheming, and manipulation were evident.

However, even if The Great Spirit God really ascended to the Heavenly Origin Realm, Gu Chensha was not afraid at all. He was still confident enough to take him down.

In the Untainted Dragon Gate, Gu Chensha had begun to expand trillions of people mending the heavens, offering sacrifices, cultivating, producing, and chanting scriptures.

With the violent Dragon Qi of the Untainted Dragon Gate as a resource, the people mending the heavens expanded extremely quickly. If it were in the Divine Land, Gu Chensha would not be so powerful. Because the depths of the Untainted Dragon Gate contained many mysteries.

Now, Gu Chensha was just helping the Untainted Dragon Gate clean up the wealth. His role was that of a steward who sorted out the wealth. Of course, he was also a doctor who treated the sick and saved people.

If Gu Chensha continued like this, The Great Spirit God would really have no way to survive. He did not expect that Gu Chensha would steadily expand in the depths of the Untainted Dragon Gate, cleaning up the sin and evil atmosphere. If the will of the Untainted Dragon Gate completely woke up, he would not be able to survive. He would be forced to flee, and all his efforts would be for naught. So he had to come out.

As The Great Spirit God and Gu Chensha talked, their eyes shone with a fierce light. They looked at the Divine Central Continent and the trillions of people mending the heavens living in the Eastern Wilderness, the Desolate Wilderness, the Desolate Sea Wilderness, and the Desert Wilderness. They were praying all the time and forming a light shield. Then, the power of sacrifice turned into a long dragon and gathered in the depths of the Untainted Dragon Gate.

The power of these sacrifices was to expel the sin of the Untainted Dragon Gate, stabilize its vitality, and restore its strength.

"I'll destroy what this kid wants to do first."

The Great Spirit God once again activated his secret technique. A demonic palm stretched out from his back. Demonic Qi instantly eroded the surroundings, attempting to demonize all the Heaven Mending Dwellers. In this way, Gu Chensha would not be able to save the Untainted Dragon Sect. Instead, the demonized Heaven Mending Dwellers would curse the Untainted Dragon Sect and accelerate its fall.

"The Great Spirit God, the first time you ambushed me, you destroyed quite a few of my Heaven Mending People. Now you want to do the same thing again? That's impossible."

Gu Chensha waved his hand, causing a mist to rise up from all of the continents. This mist was even more powerful than the dust from the Land of the Ash, and it immediately blocked the Great Spirit God's attack. Then, Gu Chensha launched a counterattack.

With a wave of his hand, a ball of fluctuating vital energy flew out from the Divine Land Gourd. This vital energy swirled and turned into a flying dagger. It locked onto the Great Spirit God's body and slashed.

This wasn't the blade will of the Immortal Slaying God Flying Dagger, but the blade of the Divine Land Gourd.

The Divine Land Gourd had been refined from Xingqiongshi's body. He had been slain by the Immortal Slaying God Flying Dagger, and a huge blade aura remained in his body, becoming a part of the Divine Land Gourd. Now, Gu Chensha had refined this blade aura and gathered the true essence of the Divine Land. Using the will to slay all evil in the human heart as a blade, he attacked the Great Spirit God. Heaven's will was like a blade that split apart time. The human heart was like a blade that could split the heavens and split the earth.

At this time, Gu Chensha extracted the strongest killing intent from the human heart and forged a "blade" that was even stronger than heaven's will to slay the Great Spirit God.

The primordial chaos was all-encompassing. The higher one's cultivation, the better the treasure they could extract from the primordial chaos.

In theory, as long as one's cultivation was high enough, it wasn't rare to extract a treasure on the level of the Primordial Dragon Gate from the primordial chaos. The Primordial Dragon Gate was also an existence born from the primordial chaos explosion. Similarly, the human heart was the same.

Countless human heart sacrifices gathered together. As long as one's cultivation was high enough, they could extract the strongest existence from the massive sacrifices. It could even be more exquisite than the primordial chaos.

The human heart was something more profound than the Heavenly Dao. If one's cultivation was high enough, the things extracted from it would be even more terrifying.

Gu Chensha's preliminary refinement allowed him to extract the blade will from it. Its power had already surpassed the true power of the Immortal Slaying God Flying Dagger. A blade appeared and chased after the Great Spirit God until he died.

When the Great Spirit God saw the blade, a solemn expression appeared on his face. He opened his mouth and spat out a blade light. The blade light kept changing in an attempt to block the blade that Gu Chensha had taken out.

Unfortunately, when the two collided, the Great Spirit God's blade was smashed into pieces. Gu Chensha's flying dagger didn't seem to be damaged at all. It continued flying towards The Great Spirit God.

"The Great Spirit God, this is the Heart Blade that I extracted from the human heart. This Heart Blade surpasses the Heaven Blade. Even the Heaven's Will can be severed. Since you want to destroy these people that I created to mend the heavens, you can try the sure-kill Heart Blade that evolved from the depths of their hearts." Gu Chensha grabbed again and a sword was extracted from the depths of the huge sacrificial power.

The power of this sword was even sharper than the flying dagger from before. It actually had some of the power of the Infinite Sword. This sword slashed towards the Great Spirit God. The Great Spirit God dodged again and again, not daring to take it head-on.

"Junior, you do have some tricks up your sleeve."

While dodging, the Great Spirit God was able to change his position calmly. He wasn't hurt by Gu Chensha's sword.

"This is the beginning. I cultivated in the Untainted Dragon Gate for a few months. Not only did I create the people to mend the heavens and save the Untainted Dragon Gate through the sacrificial ceremony, but I also understood the real killer moves and methods. I fused all my cultivation into one furnace. Today, the Great Spirit God will let you see what I'm really capable of." Gu Chensha once again injected his mana into the Divine Land Gourd.

Indeed, Gu Chensha cultivated in the depths of the Untainted Dragon Gate and evolved the Divine Land and the Four Wildernesses.

In the Four Wildernesses, the people to mend the heavens were evolved. Then, these people to mend the heavens carried out the sacrificial ceremony, which shook the Untainted Dragon Gate's source. As such, Gu Chensha secretly pondered and his own cultivation also improved greatly. In these three months of cultivation, he almost transformed all his internal willpower into the Saint Heart of Truth, which laid the foundation for him to become a Sage.

As long as he seized the opportunity to absorb the Untainted Dragon Gate's sin, Gu Chensha might be able to directly become a Sage. He wouldn't need the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Chensha's source.

As Gu Chensha spoke, dozens of auras suddenly emerged from the Divine Land Gourd and turned into various Dharma treasures.

Among them, there were swords, cauldrons, umbrellas, spears, pikes, staffs, diagrams, bridges, claws, ladders, hooks, bows, arrows, wheels, axes, locks, wheels, and so on. There were a total of 36 items.

"This is …" The Great Spirit God could no longer dodge. He was surrounded by all 36 treasures.

"This is the Endless 36 Treasures! You actually evolved all of them one by one. "

"That's right. Although I only obtained 14 of the Endless 36 Treasures, I have already deduced all the intricacies of these treasures. Then, I extracted these treasures from people's hearts. Given time, my cultivation will gradually increase, and I will be able to evolve these Endless 36 Treasures that are even more mysterious than the real Endless 36 Treasures. Obtaining the Endless 36 Treasures is nothing. Forging treasures that are even more powerful than the real Endless 36 Treasures is a skill."

Gu Chensha flew up. Suddenly, the Endless 36 Treasures that he had created began to spin and suddenly combine. Rumble!

When the Endless 36 Treasures had completely combined, a huge door appeared. The Door to the Heaven Realm.

In the depths of the Door to the Heaven Realm, a great seat appeared. This great seat enjoyed the great fortune of Huang Tian Wuji, and it was a level higher than the Emperor. It could be said that it was a true supreme. This was the Emperor Of Heaven.

Rumor had it that the person who controlled the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman was only the Emperor. But the person who controlled the Endless 36 Treasures could open the Door to the Heaven Realm and become the Emperor Of Heaven in the depths of the Door to the Heaven Realm. They would become the Lord of the Heaven Realm, and even control a portion of the Dao of Heaven. This was the true secret of the Endless 36 Treasures.

That was why even the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, had to fight over the Endless 36 Treasures. Once he obtained them, he could open the Door to the Heaven Realm and become the Emperor Of Heaven. He would obtain supreme power, and then wait for the Dao of Heaven to collapse. That way, he would be able to reap the greatest benefits and enjoy the Endless 36 Treasures for all eternity.

"You actually comprehended the greatest secret of the Endless 36 Treasures!"

The Great Spirit God roared. Wind and clouds surged around him, and the power of the Chiliocosm burst out of him, trying to push the Endless 36 Treasures away. "If you obtained the real Endless 36 Treasures, I would be dead immediately. But the Endless 36 Treasures you've created are still very shallow. Watch me destroy them!" RUMBLE! All of a sudden, the Great Spirit God's body exploded.

He transformed into countless bolts of lightning that were the color of primal chaos. It was as if he had returned to the Primal Chaos Big Bang.

"This is the true lightning I created after devouring the Primordial Heart Devil and the Voodoo Ancestor. It's called Primordial Chaos Heaven-Evolving Lightning. I can transform primal chaos into all living things, and I can also shatter all living things into primal chaos to create heaven and earth.

Don't even think about using your useless Thirty-Six Treasures in front of me. "The Great Spirit God's voice was hidden within the Primordial Chaos Heaven-Evolving Lightning.

"The Door to the Heaven Realm, Emperor Of Heaven Throne."

Gu Chensha ignored him. With a move of his body, he entered the Gate of the Heaven Realm that he had created and sat on the throne of the Celestial Emperor. Crack, crack!

As soon as he sat down, his body underwent a miraculous transformation. The aura of the Emperor Of Heaven surged out of him. His way of thinking and his gaze had also suddenly changed. He felt as if he was truly high and mighty, standing at the pinnacle of the myriad worlds. He had truly obtained the glory and fortune of the Supreme Infinity. At this moment, he had the illusion that he had become the Emperor Of Heaven. Whoosh! His palm propped itself up.

With a wave of his palm, he scattered all of the Great Spirit God's Primordial Chaos Heaven-Evolving Lightning. Then, he flipped downwards. The Great Spirit God kept shrinking, as if he was about to be completely crushed under his palm.

Today, there's only this chapter at 8 AM. Recently, I've been reading Dao Fa Hui Yuan and learning the dao techniques and runes inside. I'm a little dazed. If you find any errors in the chapter, please report it. We will fix it immediately. For more exciting content, please pay attention to: New domain name appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy)