Chapter 193
===========

Very quickly, the two of them left this place and headed towards Gu Chensha's land.

The damage caused by the earthquake was slowly being repaired and the area around Gu Chensha's land was prosperous. The six 1,000-year bone monsters used their Xiantian energy to build things up, repair roads, open mountains, and split stones. They were like a million laborers.

"I didn't expect you to hand the six 1,000-year bone monsters to Bao Ming 'er. She is actually making use of them."

Lou Baiyue looked at the six 1,000-year bone monsters in the sky. They didn't know what fatigue was and they did their job well. She couldn't help but praise.

"Bao Ming 'er is good at governing. I think there are few in the imperial court who can compare to her in terms of governing a country. She is skilled in all kinds of construction, business, governance, officials, military training, and economy. She is a great inspiration to me. If I can use this woman, my fief will be ten times more prosperous.

It seems like she has a high position in Great Wei Dynasty and is someone who can govern many people. "

"Right, I have already found out. Bao Ming 'er is a Dragon Lord in Great Wei Dynasty. She does have a lot of power and controls 10 lands. She has a few hundred million people." Lou Baiyue said.

"So many people?" Gu Chensha was stunned, "She can actually manage all of them. No wonder she is so good at my place." "This girl is indeed a talent. Think of a way to make her yield."

Lou Baiyue said, "Great Wei Dynasty is really huge, even bigger than our God Continent. Moreover, their system is a feudal system. There is an Emperor and the other nobles have their own lands. They aren't unified like us."

"I have arranged for people to run the construction of the land. Don't worry, let's just cultivate." Gu Chensha landed in the castle first.

The giant castle and Xuanwu Ocean were covered in purple energy. One couldn't see what was inside from the outside. The purple energy formed a world domain and even people at Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body wouldn't be able to enter.

The nine magical treasures, the Sea Calming Pearl, the Mountain and Sea Diagram, the Sledgehammer, the Star Absorbing Pagoda, the Nine Yang Whip, the Dark Fire Lamp, the Blue Wave Sword, the Sunset Bow, and the Shooting Sun Arrow, all of them had their own functions. They absorbed immortal qi and grew stronger and stronger, especially the Mountain and Sea Diagram. It had the ability to confuse enemies and create illusions.

"This place has become a paradise on earth."

Lou Baiyue also descended and stood in the study. She could see everything in the entire castle. "Your Fire Dates and Purple-Green Immortal Peaches ripened very quickly. They're already full of fruits now."

In the center of the castle, there was a garden. In the garden, there were Purplish Green Immortal Peaches and Fire Dates.

Even in a Spirit Gathering Formation, the Purplish Green Immortal Peaches would only bloom once every 30 years, bear fruit once every 30 years, and mature once every 30 years. However, in this place, the Purplish Green Immortal Peaches would bear fruit in just a few months, and the effects were even better than in a Spirit Gathering Formation.

This place was equivalent to the Black Tortoise's nest. The combination of immortal energy and earth veins was countless times more powerful than spiritual energy. In fact, the Purplish Green Immortal Peach Trees had already become spirit monsters and tree demons.

The annual income from the Purplish Green Immortal Peaches and Fire Dates in this garden was probably an astronomical figure. Of course, these good things were only for their own people to enjoy and not for sale.

"Can you sell me some of your Fire Dates and Purple-Blue Immortal Peaches? I want to raise my family. "Lou Baiyue asked.

"No problem. I'll give you half of the profits here."

Gu Chensha was quite generous. "In addition, my Dragon Gate can absorb Innate Stellar Energy and turn it into Dragon Cores, which can directly raise people to geniuses. I already have two Dragon Cores, so I'll give you one. I'll leave the other for my foster son to raise him to a genius." After saying that, Gu Chensha took out two "Dragon Cores". They were formed in the Dragon Gate. They were formed by absorbing all of the essence energy of the Thunder Beast King.

"This is simply a divine artifact."

Lou Baiyue put away the Dragon Cores. "My Innate Stellar Energy is endless. If I infuse it into the Dragon Gate, will I be able to create endless Dragon Cores? If that's the case, won't I be able to turn everyone in my family into geniuses? "

"Logically, that's true, but it's very difficult in theory. You should know that I only managed to condense two Dragon Cores after absorbing all of the Thunder Beast King's Innate Stellar Energy and Primordial Spirit. The Thunder Beast King cultivated for a hundred years and has a huge body. I don't know how much he has accumulated, but he also consumed countless treasures. If you want to infuse Innate Stellar Energy to condense a Dragon Core, you'll probably need eight to ten years to condense one Dragon Core. I became a genius by consuming tens of thousands of kilograms of Heavenly Dew from the Sea-carrying Gourd, which turned into Sun and Moon Dragon Aura."

Gu Chensha knew that it was not easy to condense a Dragon Core. Otherwise, geniuses would be as common as dogs.

"I see. You consumed tens of thousands of kilograms of Heavenly Dew from the Sea-carrying Gourd just like that? Only then did you raise your cultivation level to the Sixth Transformation. You even turned yourself into a genius. "

After this explanation, Lou Baiyue understood that injecting Astral Energy to form a Dragon Core wasn't a reliable thing.

"Although your Dragon Gate is a fake, it is indeed a top God Artifact. Let's use the Heaven Sacrifice to merge the Sea-carrying Gourd into the Dragon Gate. When the time comes, we will cultivate and use your Dragon Gate to circulate our Xiantian Stellar Energy. My intuition tells me that the secret of the Dragon Gate isn't so simple." Lou Baiyue thought about it and decided on a cultivation plan.

Gu Chensha tapped on the golden talisman and in just a moment, his godson was at the door. "Master, you are actually back. Princess Yuefu is also here."

"Take this pill. Go get some Interlocking Twigs and a few other medicinal herbs," Gu Chensha instructed. The godson went down to get the herbs and then he retreated to cultivate to refine them.

His godson's talent wasn't good either. He was only average and that was after consuming the Tiger Wolf Pill. Although he reached Dao Realm with the help of pills and dew, it was pretty much impossible for him to improve further. Once he became a genius, it wouldn't be hard for him to reach Dao Realm Nine Transformations.

Although geniuses weren't as good as top geniuses, they were still disciples that Celestial Path Sects desired. If a genius was nurtured well, he could do as he pleased in the Celestial Path and even form a Great Dao Golden Core. The difference between top talent and a genius was insurmountable.

After all the materials were gathered, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue entered the depths of the Sun Moon Altar once more.

Three blood-colored balls floated in the depths of the Sun Moon Altar. They were the three Barbarian Kings who were killed by Gu Chensha. Their souls and essence blood were absorbed and they weren't sacrificed in time.

Lightning Beast King Lei Wusha's essence blood and soul were supposed to be hanging here but it was absorbed by the Dragon Gate and turned into a Dragon Core.

Within the Sun Moon Altar, Lightning Beast King's giant body laid there. Apart from that, there were a few treasures scattered about.

The three Barbarian Kings and Lightning Beast King all had their own treasures. They were of high quality and were quite strong. But Gu Chensha didn't need them and he could give them to his subordinates. But he didn't have time to worry about all this.

He opened his mouth and spat out the Dragon Gate. It became huge and was as tall as a person. He then tossed the Sea Carrying Gourd into the Dragon Gate.

His Xiantian Earth Energy had already reached the seventh transformation of the Dao Realm. It was tough and soft at the same time and he could retract and release it at will. He clapped his hands and the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy condensed into runes that were imprinted on the Sea Carrying Gourd. Instantly, the Sea Carrying Gourd gave off a huge suction force and many formations were activated.

"As expected, it is an ancient artifact. There are so many inconceivable formations and it can even form its own space." Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue praised.

"Whoever gets this gourd can inject Xiantian Earth Energy in and store it. It can also absorb the enemy's Xiantian Earth Energy and turn it into one's own. It has similar effects to the Dragon Gate. Because of that, it can be merged into the Dragon Gate and become one with it." Lou Baiyue observed for a long time.

"Since that is the case, then let's start the sacrifice. I think that the souls of the three Barbarian Kings should be enough." Gu Chensha had been really lucky recently. He suddenly started the sacrifice.

The souls and essence blood of the three Barbarian Kings turned to smoke and then the branches started to burn too.

A streak of light shot out from the Sun Moon Altar and shone on the Dragon Gate and Sea Carrying Gourd.

Instantly, the two treasures started to merge with one another. With a crack, the Dragon Gate became much bigger and a space actually appeared within. Many formations spun slowly and in the end, they turned into many dragons that breathed.

"Wonderful!"

Gu Chensha was overjoyed and said, "This new Dragon Gate has completely absorbed the advantages of the Sea Carrying Gourd. Moreover, the combination of the two has even more wonderful uses. It can automatically absorb Spiritual Energy and turn it into Spiritual Liquid. Moreover, Dragon Qi is born in the depths of the Dragon Gate and finally condensed into a Dragon Core."

"Of course. After the Sea Carrying Gourd is activated, it can also absorb Spiritual Energy and turn it into Spiritual Liquid. It is much more mysterious than the Heavenly Dragon Energy Gathering Flag."

Lou Baiyue said, "You should know that this is from the Buzhou Palace. There are not many treasures in the Mystic Immortal Path that can compare to it."

"After the Dragon Gate absorbs the Sea Carrying Gourd, my strength has increased by at least several times."

Gu Chensha felt that no hero in the world could rival him. But he immediately thought of the ancient god that Wen Hong transformed into and the way he condensed a planet in his hand to smash people. Instantly, he knew that even if he was ten times stronger, he would not be this person's match.

"Only the Heavenly Dao has the ability to fuse these two treasures."

Lou Baiyue looked at the Dragon Gate and said, "I wonder where the Dragon Gate of the Primitive Universe is. Rumor has it that when the real Dragon Gate appears, it can make people become born saints. Li Wanlong has seen it." "We are not strong enough to see the real Dragon Gate."

Gu Chensha opened his mouth and swallowed. The Dragon Gate shrank and went into his stomach. It bobbed up and down in the depths of his dantian. He used a bit of Xuan Qi and the Innate Gang Qi produced in his body flowed into the Dragon Gate and stored. This meant that his dantian's Sea of Qi had expanded by a thousand times.

Moreover, the Innate Gang Qi swayed and spun in the Dragon Gate, becoming even stronger and more indestructible. The Dragon Gate had the effect of refining Gang Qi.

He sat down cross-legged and said, "Let's cultivate in this Altar of Sun and Moon. It is best to cultivate in seclusion. No one can come in and it is extremely safe."

"That is good. The light of the sun and moon shone on us and refined our souls, making our cultivation improve rapidly." Lou Baiyue knew the magical effects of the Altar of Sun and Moon.