Chapter 909
===========

Geniuses remembered in a second, 'Go if you like? Talk → ', providing you with exciting novels to read. Chapter 906: Discussion

No matter what, the Dragon Talisman Essence that Gu Chensha had extracted from the human sacrifice was a substance that surpassed the Heavenly Dao. It was extremely mysterious and could suppress everything. Now that his Dragon Talisman was out, there was no one in the heavens who would not submit to it. Even the Emperor Of Heaven had to avoid it to avoid being injured by it.

"Our imperial court is now in power, but it's a pity that my father and the other two Celestial Venerables didn't know what was good for them and betrayed us. They went to the Emperor Of Heaven's camp and are now mingling with some Heavenly Kings. They've been running amok for many years, but they still don't understand the situation. In the future, I'll definitely capture them and remove all their powers, turning them into ordinary people," Dou Yi Yu sighed.

The three Celestial Venerables — Dou Sheng, Yuan Gu, and Putuo — had originally been subdued by Gu Chensha to work for the Celestial Calmness Department, but because Gu Chensha was suppressing the Four Wilds and the Divine Prefecture, they couldn't split their attention, so they secretly colluded with Chaotic Heavenly Kings and broke free from Gu Chensha's control. Now, they had left the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds and were in some unknown corner, preparing to carry out a grand scheme. It was the same for Patriarch Heaven and Earth.

Patriarch Heaven and Earth pretended to side with Gu Chensha, but he also betrayed them in secret and joined the future Heavenly Court's camp.

"Old Man Primitive has also disappeared recently. It seems that an expert helped him break free from our control."

Zhuge Ya said, "Apart from the Earthly Sovereign, the only one who still has the ability to play tricks on us is the Emperor Of Heaven."

"It doesn't matter. Whether it's the Three Great Holy Masters, Patriarch Heaven and Earth, or Old Man Untainted, they're all fence-sitters. They're just like The Great Spirit God, taking advantage of others everywhere. Once something happens, they'll bite back at their masters. I didn't kill them because I wanted them to join the Emperor Of Heaven's camp. At that time, not only will they not give the Emperor Of Heaven any good fortune, but they'll also bite back at the Emperor Of Heaven's camp at the most critical moment, causing a lot of trouble for the Emperor Of Heaven's camp."

Gu Chensha calculated, "In addition, there are also Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, Dharma Saint, God Maha, Demonic Ape God of Chaos, The Great Spirit God, and so on. They have all joined the Emperor Of Heaven's camp and will resist me together. I'll be able to catch them all in one fell swoop. "

"I wonder if Long Xiangtian and that new woman will also work with the Emperor Of Heaven?" Lou Baiyue said.

"It's possible," Gu Chensha said. "Because I refined the battleships and systems left behind by the prehistoric civilization and created the Dragon Symbol, it shook the foundation of the future Heavenly Court. Whether it's the Emperor Of Heaven or Long Xiangtian, they won't be able to fight me alone. That's why they have to work together. But if they work together, they'll just be a motley crew. They won't be able to do much." "Actually, there's something else we need to pay attention to."

Zhuge Ya said, "The stars in the sky are all gone. This time, it's not just the reincarnation of the Star Ultimacy, it's the entire constellation falling into the world. Most of them are as powerful as a thousand worlds. It's not something to be trifled with.

If those stars fall into the world and some ambitious people get their hands on them, how many heroes will there be? How many thorns will there be? " "We have to guard them to the death."

Lou Baiyue said, "If a person appears, immediately keep an eye on them. As soon as they show any signs of committing a crime, immediately capture them and take away their complete constellation. Otherwise, with so many experts, the General won't be able to suppress them. You have to know that even the smallest constellation will have the potential of a Celestial Venerable or Heaven Longevity Realm cultivator once it awakens, not to mention some of the bigger ones.

For example, Ziwei, Seven Kills, Army Breaker, Ravenous Wolf, Wenqu, Wuqu … those are Heaven Prime experts who can use the power of the universe. "

"In the past, the reincarnated stars only obtained the Star Ultimacy. For example, I'm the reincarnation of the Martial Ultimacy.

However, compared to the real Martial Ultimacy, the Ultimacy I obtained is less than one ten-thousandth.

Now, I can sense that the real Martial Ultimacy has appeared and is about to take back my portion of the Ultimacy. "Chang Wuqu said.

Chang Wuqu was a servant in the Wu Zhou governor's manor. He obtained the Martial Ultimacy and became an expert right away. After Chang Weiyang brought him away, he joined the Calming Celestial Agency and the Imperial Court. Now, he was a peak Saint, peak Dao Realm 36 Transformations. He was a Embodiment Transformation Realm expert. If he had the chance, he would be able to break through to Celestial Venerable. [Love ↑ Go △ Little ↑ Say △ Net Qu 】 Of course, all of this had nothing to do with the Martial Ultimacy. Wu Qu Xing's Profound Meaning was only enough for him to cultivate to the God Realm.

In the future, the Martial Ultimacy would return to the Martial Ultimacy. Even his essence energy and soul would merge with the Martial Ultimacy.

The reincarnation of the Star Ultimacy was actually a seed planted by the Star Ultimacy to strengthen itself. Once the reincarnated people were done, they would be harvested by the Star Ultimacy and merge into the Star Ultimacy.

Now, the true Martial Ultimacy had descended into the world. Who knew who obtained it? If that person met Chang Wuqu, it would be the same as the real body seeing the clone. Naturally, he would have to take it back. Chang Wuqu definitely wouldn't be that person's match. That was because the true Martial Ultimacy was like a large world. Although it wasn't as majestic as the sun and moon, it was enough to use Heaven Essence Realm power.

Chang Wuqu was just peak Dao Realm 36 Transformations. He was at Embodiment Transformation Realm, so how could he be a match for a Heaven Essence Realm expert?

"You do have a predestined fate. You might meet Martial Ultimacy's main body and be swallowed."

Gu Chensha looked at Chang Wuqu and did some deductions. This is why when you work for the Imperial Court, you need to be careful. If you face danger, inform them right away. With the Imperial Court's current strength, they can help you solve your problems. "

"Also, the True Gods suppressed in our Dragonless Gourd seem to be hidden dangers as well. Although they are offering sacrifices to us and providing us with a great amount of Spirit Force, if we encounter any sudden incidents, these True Gods will definitely betray us. They are also an unstable factor," Guhuasha suddenly said.

He pointed with his finger and everyone looked into the Dragon-Less Gourd. There was a giant space deep within.

This space had developed into a complete and independent world. There were 2,000 True Gods cultivating. While they were cultivating, they also offered sacrifices to the Imperial Court. Endless sacrificial power was injected into the Dragon-Less Gourd's sacrificial pool water.

Some True Gods improved greatly and some even broke through to Heaven Master Realm. For example, Jade God, Ocean God, Dragon God, Wind God, Rain God, Weapon God, War God, Blood God …

These True Gods were sealed by Heaven Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian, but Jin Sect's Heavenly King Chu Feng opened them and brought them into his Primordial Dragon Gate. Then, Jin Sect's Heavenly King was captured by Gu Chensha. Apart from The Great Spirit God, God Maha, Chaotic Demon Ape, and Thunder God, the rest were captured by Gu Chensha into the Dragon-Less Gourd to offer sacrifices to increase the country's luck and luck. These True Gods played a huge role in the development of the Imperial Court.

However, the reason why these True Gods were True Gods was because their positions were conferred by the Ancient Heavenly Sons. It had a lot to do with the future Heavenly Court. In the future, when the Heavenly Court was established, these people would be the immortal officials of the Heavenly Court or the backbone of the Immortal World. They would follow the Heavenly Court's lead.

Therefore, the upper echelons of the Imperial Court did not dare to release these True Gods in case the world fell into chaos again.

However, it was not a good idea to imprison these True Gods for a long time and make them offer sacrifices. It was difficult for the Imperial Court to deal with these people.

Gu Chensha thought about it and said, "Ever since I captured these True Gods, they have been sealed in the Dragonless Gourd. They have worshipped them day and night and have done many things for us. If we seal them again, it doesn't make sense. Now that they have made contributions, we should reward them. We can release them and form a True God Division to assist the General, King of Common Life, Marquis of Common Life, and General of Common Life to manage the Divine Land and Four Wastelands." "But if these True Gods become ambitious …" Lou Baiyue hesitated.

"It's fine. We will reward them for their contributions and punish them for their mistakes. If they become ambitious, we will capture them immediately and strip them of their Deity Positions. They will be reduced to ordinary people."

Gu Chensha said, "Now that we have established the general trend, we need to establish real rules of reward and punishment. Only then can we achieve long-term peace." "If that's the case, I understand." Lou Baiyue nodded.

"The true bodies of the stars in the sky have all disappeared and descended into the world. From now on, there will be more and more experts. At the very least, they will all be at the Celestial Sovereign level.

This is indeed a problem, "Zhuge Ya said." I was originally the Lord of Seven Stars, but now I can sense that the true Lord of Seven Stars has arrived. He is my destined enemy. " "This is also your chance."

Gu Chensha said to Zhuge Ya, "You can win the battle and devour the main body of the Seven Stars, causing your fate to be severed in the end, completing the process of the clone attacking the main body. Only then can you achieve the greatest improvement." "It really is an opportunity."

Zhuge Ya's eyes flashed with intelligence. "In that case, I will set up all sorts of schemes to bait the Seven Stars True Body." "The general trend is set. I'll go to the border of the Four Wilds and take a look."

Gu Chensha said, "Now that a large number of living beings have entered the Four Wilds, the situation at the borders of the Four Wilds will definitely be extremely chaotic. The Celestial Emperor might be playing tricks, and in the chaos, the source energy that the Heavenly Dao and the Emperor died in the battle will also fall on the bodies of some people who were born at the right time.

I don't want another person like Long Xiangtian to appear. If there are ten or a hundred or even a thousand of them, it will be a complete mess. "

"Say, if the Emperor and the Dao of Heaven both collapse, and their Essences fall, how many people like Long Xiangtian will be born?" Lou Baiyue suddenly asked.