Chapter 625
===========

Gu Chensha walked on the square of the palace and felt like he had returned to the past, to the era of Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

However, this Immortal Master Wan created the new divine continent and imitated the imperial court. The immortal cultivators were the common people while the civil and military officials of the imperial court lacked some order. It felt like a monkey wearing a crown.

Gu Chensha stepped into the square of the palace and saw a giant bronze bell hanging in the air. This bell was the size of a house and there were tadpole-like natural words on it.

The tadpole-like characters were still flowing, as if they were displaying a marvelous cultivation technique.

This bell was called Heaven Shocking Bell and it was a connate spirit treasure. It couldn't compare to the Bow of Liberation, the Arrow of Permanence, the Axe of Clarity, or the Dragon Zither, but it was on the same level as the Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Painting. It was enough to suppress the fate of an entire race.

The tadpole characters on the Heaven Shocking Bell were actually a kind of natural secret text from ancient times. If one had spirituality, great opportunities, and great fortune, they could obtain a cultivation technique from it. Wan Senshi placed this bell here to see who could comprehend it and use it to nurture talents.

In an instant, Gu Chensha had already seen through all the secrets of this "Heaven Shocking Bell". There was indeed a set of cultivation method called "Heaven Shocking Force" hidden on it.

This technique was extremely powerful and it contained cultivation routes, meditation, palm techniques, fist techniques, knives, swords, spears, clubs, and all sorts of martial arts.

If a cultivator at the 18 transformation stage of the Great Dao Realm wanted to comprehend it, it would take at least several years or even decades.

Thinking about it, there were many experts in the ape race but not many of them could comprehend the secret from the Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Painting. But how could these small tricks stop Gu Chensha from comprehending it?

Even if it was the Bow of Liberation and the Arrow of Permanence and Arrow of Impermanence, Gu Chensha might be able to comprehend some of the things that the Supreme Buddha had comprehended in the past. From there, he would be able to understand the profoundness of the Buddha and increase his own resources.

Gu Chensha purposely comprehended Heaven Shocking Power and the aura on his body attracted the attention of a few cultivators.

"Wow, this Loose Flow actually managed to comprehend the Shocking Sky Energy from the Shocking Sky Bell. I'm afraid his status will be different in the future." "Yeah, I just can't comprehend it no matter what."

"This is where destiny lies. There's nothing we can do about it. It looks like we'll have to hurry to the Central Divine Prefecture as soon as possible. Right now, there are fortuitous encounters everywhere. Anyone who takes the wrong path will find all sorts of treasures, medicinal pills, and relics left behind by Primeval Immortals. Many of the treasures that were originally hidden in parallel spaces and space-time turbulence have been drawn here by the divine prefecture's tribulations." "I have to go."

"I also want to know what happened to Lord Wan Senshi for him to call for another meeting of the imperial court."

"Lord Wan Senshi's magic power is boundless. Some people say that his strength surpasses the three Heavenly Sovereigns. I wonder if it's true." "Who would dare to establish an Alliance of Myriad Immortals in the immortal dao?

Even the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth wouldn't dare. Anyone who did would be met with countless objections. Not only would the seventy-two Primeval Mystical Gates not be able to accommodate him, even the Immortal realm experts under the three Heavenly Sovereigns would immediately come out to suppress him. And after Lord Wan Senshi established the alliance, the three Heavenly Sovereigns didn't even dare to fart. From this, it can be seen that the three Heavenly Sovereigns are afraid of Lord Wan Senshi. "

Many cultivators came to the square in front of the imperial palace, and some of the cultivators at the front entered the main hall. Inside the hall. The Loose Flow that Gu Chensha had transformed into followed suit and stood at the back of the hall. After a full six to eight hours, another person appeared on the throne in the palace hall.

It was none other than Wan Senshi, who wore a loose robe and a bronze mask. It was unclear whether he was a man or a woman.

"Greetings, Lord Wan Senshi." All the cultivators knelt down, not daring to make any movements.

Gu Chensha even saw Longevity God, Daoist Tranquil, and some Immortal realm experts from the second and third tier sects, and even a few Immortal realm ancestors from the aristocratic families.

The ancestors of the aristocratic families who had suffered losses in the imperial court had all pledged their allegiance to Wan Senshi and stood here.

Gu Chensha suddenly saw Fa Wuxian, who was standing side by side with those Immortal realm ancestors. It seemed that his status in front of Wan Senshi was quite high.

"Get up." Wan Senshi suddenly swung his arm, and immediately, a golden light burst out. The golden light descended, and a golden ornament appeared on the square, towering over the clouds. A woman was tied to the golden ornament, and this woman was Yuhuan Lu.

Yuhuan Lu's body emitted bursts of light, which was the Dragon Zither's protection. However, this light was suppressed by the ropes, and she couldn't move at all. She could only be tied up by Wan Senshi.

However, if Wan Senshi wanted to separate her from the Myriad Sounds Dragon Zither, he still had to use some tricks.

Of course, if Wan Senshi didn't want the Dragon Zither, he could directly activate his trump card and destroy both Yuhuan Lu and the zither. The Dragon Zither was a supreme treasure, but it was nothing in front of Wan Senshi.

"Everyone, you probably don't know who this woman is," Wan Senshi said.

"Her name is Yuhuan Lu, and she is the commander of the Celestial Calmness Department. Her position is equivalent to that of the imperial court's inspector. However, she had a fortuitous encounter. It was a Connate Spirit Treasure, the Myriad Sounds Dragon Zither, the sect guarding treasure of the Ancient Star System's Dragon Clan. When she obtained the treasure, I will capture her and tie her to this ornament. The Celestial Calmness Department will definitely send someone to save her.

That way, the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals can capture and kill people from the Celestial Calmness Department. What do you think? " The moment he said this, many people's faces turned ashen.

These cultivators knew how powerful the Celestial Calmness Department was. Kidnapping an official of the imperial court was tantamount to declaring war. If the Celestial Calmness Department retaliated on a large scale, they would probably be in a desperate situation.

"Your Excellency is truly domineering and can suppress the entire divine continent. The clowns of the Celestial Calmness Department have gone from prosperity to decline, and they won't be jumping around for long." The first to speak was actually Fa Wuxian.

Gu Chensha looked over and found that this kid's cultivation had reached the Dao Realm 27 Transformation, Seamless Two Realms. Clearly, he had obtained a lot of benefits from Wan Senshi.

"Then tell us what you think about these cultivators." Wan Senshi gestured for Fa Wuxian to speak.

"Yes."

Fa Wuxian cleared his throat and said, "Everyone, the Celestial Calmness Department has forced us and the other aristocratic families in the imperial court. At the same time, they have created a small divine continent overseas, imprisoning many cultivators and Sect Leaders, brainwashing them and turning them into slaves. They will only provide us with wishes and faith, and will not have their own independent thoughts. To us cultivators, this is simply a great humiliation. We must destroy the small divine continent and rescue them. At the same time, the Celestial Calmness Department is becoming more and more arrogant, and there is still the devil disaster coming to stop them. Once the devil disaster subsides, the first thing they will do is to attack us cultivators. Therefore, there is no time to lose, and we must fight back. We can't lose again and again.

In the past, we were like a plate of loose sand, but now, fortunately, we have His Excellency Immortal Master Wan. We must use His Excellency Immortal Master Wan as our true faith and unite as one. The day when we break the Calming Immortal Department is just around the corner. "

"That's right, Lord Wan Senshi is the strongest existence, the Master of Salvation. Only under his leadership can we save the entire world, the universe, and even the Heavenly Dao." Longevity God said fiercely. At this time, Longevity God's words just happened to sum up Fa Wuxian's situation. Fa Wuxian's eyes flashed and he felt like Longevity God had stolen his limelight.

"Good, good, what a Master of Salvation."

Wan Senshi said, "That's right, I am the Master of Salvation. Even if the Son of Salvation appears, I will teach him so that he can take on the responsibility of saving the world.

Longevity God, you are right. Moreover, you have shown your loyalty to me, so naturally, you will be rewarded in the future. " "Thank you, Lord." Longevity God bowed deeply. In front of Wan Senshi, he had to remain humble.

"How can I save Yuhuan Lu?

I don't know anything about Wan Senshi's secrets. If I forcibly take it here, it's not impossible. With my strength, I can stimulate the dimensional realm and trigger an all-out war.

But if I do that, not only will Yuhuan Lu find it difficult to survive the collision of the two dimensional realms, but the Celestial Calmness Department's current strength may not be enough to defeat Wan Senshi. " Gu Chensha knew that the best way to deal with Wan Senshi was to use his wits and not force.

Since Wan Senshi brazenly wanted to capture Yuhuan Lu, he was naturally prepared for the Celestial Calmness Department's attack. He might even have laid out layers upon layers of traps.

When Gu Chensha fought with others, he would always know his enemy before acting. He would never act recklessly.

No one knew just how many secrets Wan Senshi was hiding. Moreover, the Celestial Calmness Department still had many enemies. Not to mention the three Empyreans, there was also the Xingqiong Tribe and the Immortal Master. There were also some hidden old fellows. The Dharma Saint was one, the Black Heaven Earth Sect was another, and the Buddhist Sect was also beginning to stir. The Nest of 10,000 Dragons, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, the demon race, any one of these enemies was a massive force. For the time being, they couldn't move to fight with Wan Senshi.

Perhaps Wan Senshi would join forces with the three Empyreans and lay out an inescapable net that would trap the Celestial Calmness Department.

At the very least, before he understood Wan Senshi's true background, Gu Chensha would only carry out a series of plans.

"Your Excellency Wan Senshi, shall we start an all-out war against the Celestial Calmness Department now?"

Fa Wuxian sounded a little excited. "I'll give the order for all the cultivators of the Alliance of Myriad Immortals to enter the Divine Central Continent. Kill anyone from the Celestial Calmness Department and arrest any officials of the imperial court. This will be a way to vent our anger."

"Put this matter aside for now." Wan Senshi waved his hand. "Your current cultivators are no match for the Celestial Calmness Department.

Moreover, if we start this calamity, it will surely cause a backlash from the world, and we will be dragged into it.

The Divine Central Continent's fortune is no small matter. The imperial court has occupied it for nearly thirty years and has a deep-rooted foundation. Now that the hearts of the people are on our side, if we start invading and killing, all the resentment in the world will be directed at us. This kind of killing should be left to the demon race.

When the second Fiend Calamity breaks out, we can openly and openly enter the Divine Central Continent. "

"Your Excellency, the most urgent task at hand is to unite the immortal dao. Among the seventy-two ancient sects, only the Nine Swords Mystic Gate and the Crimson Firmament Gate have joined our Alliance of Myriad Immortals.

The remaining mystic sects are biding their time, so I think it's necessary to issue an ultimatum, "Longevity God said.