Chapter 402
===========

A full month passed.

At the bottom of the sea, Wu Dangkong's River of Myriad Things continued to trap Gu Chensha, refining him for a long time. It wouldn't rest until it killed him.

After such a long time, Wu Dangkong's energy didn't decrease at all. Instead, it became purer and more lethal.

As for Gu Chensha, his body turned into dust and became smaller and smaller. He wasn't refined by Wu Dangkong's River of Myriad Things at all. His heart was clear and his fleshly body became purer and purer. In his sea of consciousness, he was able to absorb some elemental energy to replenish himself. At this time, the battle between the two became a battle of attrition. Actually, this was the normal rhythm of a battle.

The more profound one's energy, the stronger one would be. The battle between the two of them couldn't be decided in a short period of time. If it was a battle between gods, it wouldn't be strange for it to last for thousands of years.

For example, when Gu Chensha fought with others in the past, he could easily finish off his enemies. This was actually very rare in battles of the immortal dao.

Xing Qiongshi had also been watching for a month. He felt that the battle between the two of them was extremely interesting. After being sealed for so long, he was extremely bored. Even though he could not divine or think, he still had a bit of his spiritual sense.

He was especially interested in Gu Chensha. More often than not, unexpected things would happen. Even though he had guided Wu Dangkong to do so many things, he still couldn't take down this brat.

He could also feel that this brat Gu Chensha was constantly growing under pressure. His actions were actually helping him.

However, Xing Qiongshi didn't stop. He wanted to pry out some secrets of the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign from Gu Chensha.

As for Wu Dangkong, he wanted to dig out as many primordial secret arts from Xing Qiongshi as possible so that her cultivation could improve. All three of them had their own ulterior motives.

"A whole month has passed, and I still can't refine this Gu Chensha. What an old cowhide."

Wu Dangkong was actually very unhappy in her heart. She hated Gu Chensha's tenacity to the bone. Her skills had greatly improved, and now she could firmly suppress Gu Chensha, but she couldn't defeat him in one blow.

"Don't be anxious. You've evolved the river of all living things, and there's no beginning and no end. You should have the patience to run through the river of time. No matter how much time passes, it won't be able to shake your heart. No matter how time changes, your will must remain eternally unshaken. This is the true essence of cultivation, and also the path of immortality.

I've already grasped a hint of undying, but you're far from it. "Xing Qiongshi had been giving Wu Dangkong pointers non-stop during this month.

Although Wu Dangkong was still at the 22 Dao Realm Transformation, after such a long period of training, he started to comprehend the secrets of time within the 23 Transformation, Past Reflection.

Of course, she had to comprehend it herself. Even with Xing Qiongshi's pointers, it wasn't easy. She had to see how the world worked and how things changed before she could comprehend it. Wu Dangkong didn't have such experience. She just had a higher chance of stepping into this realm.

Gu Chensha, on the other hand, was different. He had seen Wu Dang Kong's River of All Creations, and he had already deeply understood the profoundness of Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth and the circulation of magic power.

Just like how Xing Qiongshi was the one who understood the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique the most. The one who understood the most was usually the opponent. Gu Chensha himself understood the River of All Living Things more than Wu Dangkong.

Of course, he was still at Dao Realm Transformation 19, Size Manipulation. He didn't have any spiritual power, so he couldn't activate the changes in the River of All Living Things.

The River of All Living Things could only be activated by the 22 Transformations of Heaven and Earth.

"Very good. This is the greatest training I've ever had."

Gu Chensha's body that was the size of a speck of dust rotated repeatedly. Actually, he had totally understood the theory behind spiritual power. If he was willing, he could immediately reach 20 transformations, Gather Disperse Impermanence.

But he didn't want to do that. Firstly, he needed large amounts of energy to reach the Soul Power Realm. Under Wu Dangkong's suppression, if he made any mistakes, not only would he fail, but he would also be in danger. Secondly, he felt that his body wasn't perfect and he needed a long time to polish it.

If his body was perfect, he could directly advance and turn his spiritual power into the King of Magic Power.

"This kid has some ideas. In terms of cultivation, he far exceeds this girl.

It seemed like he also knew that the 19 changes of the Dao Realm was the most crucial moment. Building a foundation here would affect the quality of his magic power in the future. The same magic power realm was split into different grades. The lowest was the Dust Technique, the next was the Solid Rock Technique, the next was the Vajra Technique, and the last was the True Dragon Technique. It was impossible to cultivate and one could only obtain the Heaven Path Technique through sacrifices. It was also the Spell King. Just a bit of magic power could allow one to use all kinds of magic power … It seemed like this kid wanted to accumulate enough to cultivate the Spell King? He really is ambitious. "

Xing Qiongshi was an old antique who had lived for who knew how long. He knew many cultivation techniques that had been lost in the Celestial Dao World for a long time.

There were differences in the quality of spiritual power in the ancient era. The lowest was the Dust Technique, which meant that the spiritual power cultivated was as small as a speck of dust. Next was the Solid Rock Technique. It meant that the spiritual power was as firm as a rock.

As for the Diamond Technique, as the name suggested, the spiritual power was like diamond and could break everything.

The quality of the True Dragon Technique could only be cultivated by people on the same level as Gu Tianzi.

As for the Heaven Dao Technique, the King of All Spells, it wasn't something that cultivators could cultivate.

Gu Chensha had obtained the King of Magic Power from the Law King Ceremony and merged it into his body. This was the Heaven Dao Technique's quality.

He comprehended the Law King's power and secretly simulated it. He hoped that at the most crucial moment, when his spiritual power transformed, he would be able to cultivate the Heaven Dao Technique's quality. That way, he would naturally be able to suppress the world.

He knew about these ancient secrets. They were all recorded by the Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang.

The spiritual power's quality was determined at the moment of transformation. If one didn't build a good foundation at this juncture, it would be very difficult to increase the spiritual power's quality in the future. It was like trying to change the taste of food after it was cooked. That was extremely difficult.

Even among the seventy-two profound gates of the immortal dao, very few people knew the secret of the spiritual power's quality.

Of course, this was because the number of experts who cultivated to the Twenty Transformations were as rare as phoenix feathers and qilin horns. They were all fumbling around on their own paths.

Jing Fanxing's spiritual power was the Fine Dust Technique. It was extremely weak, which was why Gu Chensha had easily defeated him. As for Fa Wuxian's spiritual power, it was the True Dragon Technique. Because of this, Gu Chensha couldn't do anything to Fa Wuxian.

Wu Dangkong's spiritual power was the Diamond Technique. Although she had also held the Law King Ceremony, after her spiritual power had merged into her body, it had automatically broken down into spiritual power of the same quality as hers. It was like pure water falling into a pond. It would become turbid.

However, with Xing Qiongshi's guidance, she had accomplished something that not even a Sage could accomplish. She had purified her spiritual power to the next level, reaching the True Dragon Technique level. Gu Chensha was very clear about this.

As the secret of cultivation flowed in his heart, Gu Chensha became more and more relaxed. He had his own plans.

"Only Xing Qiongshi can help Wu Dangkong improve her spiritual power. Otherwise, Wu Dangkong is no match for me. If my guess is correct, when Wu Dangkong advanced to the next level, she was only at the Monolith Technique's quality. After the Law King Ceremony, the king of spiritual power merged into her body and gradually raised her spiritual power to the Diamond Technique." Gu Chensha made further deductions. In his body, many embryonic forms of spiritual power began to circulate, spit, and disperse.

Sealed by the River of Myriad Things, he could no longer sense the sphere of People's Wish. So if he wanted to escape, he had to rely on his own power.

Of course, although the sphere of People's Wish had the help of the Taiyi Pearl, its recovery was extremely slow. It was like a dying patient regaining his vitality. How could it be that easy?

"I don't believe that this kid can break through something that has never happened before and learn the Heavenly Law Technique's quality."

Xing Qiongshi seemed to be doing an experiment, completely treating Wu Dangkong and Gu Chensha as test subjects. "But it's hard to say. Times really have changed. This kid's father was actually able to cultivate to a higher level than me and twist the Heavenly Law Talisman. Incredible.

I really want to meet this person. This kid has his father's bloodline, so perhaps I can witness some miracles and see some flaws in the Heavenly Law. The Heavenly Law really does seem to have a flaw.

If I can obtain this kid's father's bloodline, perhaps I can truly escape. It's a pity that right now, this weakest sliver of my will only has the ability to manifest. I don't have any divine abilities … "

This insignificant will of the Xing Qiong Clan could only represent a millionth of his divine ability, and it might not even amount to that.

This was why he couldn't do anything to Gu Chensha, but he had many plans that he could use. He could use Wu Dangkong's hands to do a series of things.

"Sure enough, Zhuge Ya is right. It is extremely difficult to come into contact with the Xing Qiong Clan. I'm afraid that it will be very difficult to reach an agreement with him. However, it is not impossible for us to accomplish this. It's just that this Wu Dangkong is truly too hateful.

Gu Chensha was indeed annoyed with her a long time ago. It was a pity that even though his cultivation was higher than Wu Dangkong's, he couldn't do anything to this woman. It could be seen that she was indeed quite lucky.

"Xing Qiongshi, you've taught this woman for so long, but you still can't do anything to me."

Gu Chensha suddenly sent out psyche ripples and communicated with Xing Qiongshi through the magic power of the River of Myriad Things. "Why don't you forcefully help this woman increase her cultivation level and let her reach the Twenty-Three Transformations of the Dao Realm?