Chapter 1124
============

A Battle to the Death!

Lou Baiyue and the close to a hundred other Supreme Immortal experts began their true training. This was a battle of life and death. Zhou Qin alone was channeling an unparalleled power that could destroy the entire world.

But right now, these people were gathered together and formed a formation. Within the formation, two eyes were formed.

These two eyes blocked Zhou Qin's attack and retaliated. These eyes were called the Eyes of Non-Being and Non-Being. They contained an unparalleled True Essence. To think that they could melt Zhou Qin's body within them!

However, Zhou Qin was enraged. His iron fists rained down on everything, crushing the universe and suppressing good fortune. Every step he took caused the world to be reborn and destroyed millions upon millions of times. In terms of fist techniques, no one was more powerful than him. His strength was also the greatest in the world. Boom!

Between the Heaven and Earth, countless living beings seemed to be whimpering under his iron fists. They submitted to him as slaves, willing to be his subjects. The Dao of this fist could penetrate through the Heaven and Earth.

"Strong indeed."

At this moment, Longevity God felt as though his entire body was about to shatter. He was also a Supreme Immortal expert. Back in the Endless Mainland, he had obtained the Fortune, Prosperity, and Longevity God Seat. He could be said to be the God of the Three Perfections. He had long cultivated to the Heaven's Dao state in the Human World. In the past 100,000 years, he was the first to reach the Supreme Immortal state. But against Zhou Qin's iron fists, he still felt that even if they did not hit him, the fist intent would be enough to shatter him.

He was at the Supreme Immortal state. If he were to fight Zhou Qin one on one, he would be as weak as tofu. He could be killed with a single blow.

Until now, he finally felt Zhou Qin's strength. In fact, from Zhou Qin, he actually saw some of Gu Chensha's shadow. He was also so domineering, invincible, unparalleled, and unrivaled in the world.

But at the same time, a raging flame was burning in his heart. He could only fight to his heart's content. Shing …

Many flames appeared on the body of Longevity God. These flames were the size of a palm, and they looked like they could change according to one's will. This power was comprehended by him, and he infused it into the formation. Boom!

All the living beings in the multivariate universe could sense their fortune. Their lifespans and positions trembled. This was the concept of the Longevity God.

Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, and the rest were all ready. Especially Lou Baiyue, facing Zhou Qin's iron fists, suddenly shouted, "Head!"

Suddenly, the two eyes in the formation started to change. Flesh and blood condensed, and a skull grew out. Then, hair grew out, and skin appeared. Finally, it turned into a complete head. This head looked like a person, but also didn't look like a person. In short, no matter who saw this head, the first thing they would think about was why this head looked so similar to them.

But when he looked again, he felt that the head did not look like him at all. But when he looked again, he realized that it did look like him.

In other words, when all living beings saw this head, they would be unable to extricate themselves from it. This was what it meant to have no head. In the beginning, it was the first Eye of Non-Being.

Next, it turned into two. The two gathered together and formed a pair of eyes, which then changed into a head.

As soon as this head was born, it became completely different. Boundless majesty was born from the head. The head opened its mouth and spat out a word.

"Retreat!" The word was law.

Under this word, Zhou Qin's iron fists immediately shattered, and he took many steps back before he could stand firm.

"Trap!" The head spoke another word, and the surroundings converged into a web, trapping Zhou Qin within it.

"Zhou Qin, oh, Zhou Qin. No matter how peerless you are, you've still suffered a loss, haven't you? I've already told you that this group of ants seems weak, but they actually have some tricks up their sleeves. After all, they're the people by Gu Chensha's side. Looks like I can only help you." At this moment, Hong Yi, who was watching from the side, laughed.

"I don't need your help." Zhou Qin said angrily, "Watch me kill these ants."

He raised his hands again and tore with force. A battle armor appeared on his body. This battle armor was the color of chaos, and it was unknown how many worlds and treasures there were on it. Initially, he was a young man dressed in green robes. Usually, he would walk with a scholarly and refined demeanor. But now that he was wearing this battle armor, his aura suddenly changed, and he turned into a peerless god of war that could tear apart the universe at any time.

"Bell, come!"

All of a sudden, a gigantic bell appeared in Zhou Qin's hands. There was a faint sound coming from the bell, and every time it was struck, the formation that Lou Baiyue and the others had set up would loosen a little.

"Break!" Zhou Qin shook the gigantic bell violently.

The sound waves from the bell immediately shattered the surrounding seals. Then, like an eagle, he dove down from the sky, arriving at the center of the formation and using the bell to viciously strike the head.

He knew that as long as he could break the head, he could basically break the entire formation. Once the formation was broken, people like Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, Zhuge Ya, and the Martial Sage would all be useless. He would be like a tiger in a flock of sheep, slaughtering and devouring them all. Pfft!

At this moment, Lou Baiyue and the others felt an immense pressure. Almost all of them spat out a mouthful of blood. This blood was not real blood, but their vitality that had been damaged, breaking free from the restraints of their thoughts. If ordinary people were to obtain their blood, they would be able to reach the heavens in a single step. Of course, even a universe would not be able to withstand their blood, let alone ordinary people. A small universe would directly explode, and a larger universe could only slowly digest it after obtaining it, turning into a larger universe.

However, within this formation, their blood would not spread out. Instead, it would fuse with the head.

The skull was not shattered by Zhou Qin's huge bronze bell. Instead, it emitted the sound of metal colliding. Then, two shoulders grew out, and finally, two arms. Head, shoulders, and arms! And just like that, they were activated.

The moment the arms appeared, the existence that was born from the formation became even more ferocious and domineering. His eyes were lifeless, and he was just as undefeatable as Gu Chensha. He spat out two words, "Hand it over!" BOOM!

Both his hands grabbed out. One hand was used to suppress, and the other hand was used to grab the gigantic bell. In other words, this person that was born from the formation was out to kill Zhou Qin.

"What a bunch of scum!"

At this moment, Zhou Qin gritted his teeth. He could feel the true pressure. To think that a bunch of ants in his eyes would cause so much trouble. In fact, they might even have the chance to kill him!

"The abilities of these people have increased."

Seeing this, Hong Yi's expression turned serious, and he no longer had the slightest bit of a mischievous smile on his face. All of a sudden, he stared at the chest of the person born from the formation and couldn't help but let out a long cry. "Zhou Qin, you absolutely cannot allow him to give birth to a heart. Once a heart is born, this person's strength will reach a terrifying peak. Let alone you, even if you and I join forces, we'll still be at risk of dying."

As Hong Yi's cry rang out, he actually made a move, ignoring Zhou Qin's words. He knew that the situation was not as simple as it seemed.

"Heart?" Actually, Zhou Qin could see many clues.

That was because, on the chest of this person, a large amount of flesh and blood was condensing into a shape. In the end, it seemed like a heart was about to be born, and the shadow of the heart was turning illusory. If this heart was born, this person's strength would increase by a hundredfold.

It wasn't that they didn't have enough energy, but rather, their output of power wasn't great enough. Therefore, they joined forces to create a person that could increase their output of power by a hundredfold. This person could unleash unparalleled combat strength. This was the so-called power of the spirit.

At this time, Zhou Qin also knew that he had underestimated the power of these ants. However, he didn't cower in the slightest. On the contrary, his ferocious nature erupted, and he grew even more ferocious. There was no limit to his strength at all.

"Collapse!"

He once again shook the bell in his hand, and his other hand punched out like a tidal wave, blocking the hands of the person in the formation.

At this time, Hong Yi took advantage of this opportunity, and with a single palm strike, he slammed into the head of the person in the formation, wanting to crush it and kill him.

"The two of them are joining forces."

Lou Baiyue's entire body tensed up. At this time, Wen Hong's hands were unleashing numerous runes, which merged together and began to shrink. Soon, his entire person had transformed into an infant, and all the energy from his shrinking body was channeled into the body of the person in the formation.

As Wen Hong took the lead, everyone else turned into infants, and their shrunken energy was channeled into the formation.

"Roar!"

The man in the formation let out an enraged roar. A single roar was powerful enough to kill a Supreme Immortal expert. Then, when Hong Yi's attack landed on the man's head, his chest squirmed, and a heart was born.

As soon as this heart was born, the person in the formation seemed to gain some sort of power, and he became completely alive. His eyes were filled with the eyes of a human, and they were filled with life. He had a soul, an aura, and boundless spirit power. He looked at Zhou Qin and Hong Yi, and it was as if he was looking at them like ants.

"Kill!"

The person who had given birth to a heart gave off a ring of golden light above his head, and this golden light contained the profundities of the Boundless and Undying. The quality of these profundities actually surpassed that of Zhou Qin and Hong Yi. Bang! Hong Yi's palm strike was pushed aside. Zhou Qin's attack was also stopped. Shh …

The person who had given birth to a heart continuously wriggled, and the flesh on his upper body continuously wriggled, finally condensing into a body. He then blew out a breath, sending it into the formation. The formation sent power back to Lou Baiyue and the others.

Lou Baiyue immediately returned to her original form, and she was no longer an infant. Moreover, their strength had greatly increased.

"The true battle has only just begun." Lou Baiyue said, "Zhou Qin, Hong Yi, you two should call over your companions."