Chapter 368
===========

Zhuge Ya used the Seven Star Prayer Art, and a Seven Star Lamp appeared above his head. No matter what kind of attack it was, it was dissolved into nothingness.

This dao technique was a heaven-defying technique. In ancient times, Jiang Gongwang had used this technique to defend against the divine continent's number one fiend, Xing Qiong, time and time again. This technique was known as the Seven Stars of Prayer, granting one an inexhaustible life force.

The life and death of the Seven Star Lords, the Southern Dipper and Northern Dipper, revolved around each other. Life and death in a single thought.

Jing Qiu used his Dao Realm 25 Transformation Undying Body to activate his self-created World Flipping Fist. When he struck out, the sky collapsed and the earth sank.

Zhuge Ya, on the other hand, was steadily guarding Jing Qiu, using his dense magical power and divine arts to protect himself, slowly dissolving Jing Qiu's power. No matter how Jing Qiu attacked, he could not touch him at all. And every attack from Jing Qiu was absorbed by the Central Flag of Great Virtue of the Earth, becoming the driving force of the Will of the Common People. In other words, each of Jing Qiu's punches was actually strengthening the Life's Wish sphere. The interior of the sphere of the Life's Wish had undergone a massive change.

Gu Chensha inserted the five Dragon Creation Pills and the talisman formed from Jing Fanxing's magic power and bloodline into the Life's Wish sphere. All of this power was absorbed by the Touch of Ghost and God tree.

Jing Fanxing had the Azure Dragon bloodline in it. Gu Chensha had absorbed a portion of it, and the rest had been infused into the Ghostly Touch tree.

Coupled with all of Jing Fanxing's powers, the Touch of Ghost and God tree actually blossomed with fresh flowers in an incomparably alluring manner.

The fragrance of the flowers filled the entire world, making people feel as if they were walking on clouds. Then, the flowers withered and fell into the ground, adding a new layer of vitality to the earth.

Every time Jing Qiu attacked, the Great Desolate World within the Common People's Wish sphere would infuse some energy into it, causing the Essence Energy within the Great Desolate World to surge. The Touch of the Ghostly God tree was slowly digesting the North Star, Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise bloodlines.

The sphere's wriggling increased in speed, and every time it wriggled, it absorbed a large amount of elemental energy from the depths of the void.

"Jing Qiu, none of your killer moves are useful to me. Instead, they are helping to speed up the condensation of the sphere. I have to thank you. With every attack you make, the connection between the Central Wu Tu Great Virtue Flag and the sphere becomes closer." Zhuge Ya was observing Jing Qiu's changes. He was in no hurry. In any case, he was already in an invincible position.

"Zhuge Ya, you are ruthless."

Jing Qiu's entire body was filled with murderous intent. He continued to attack with his fists like a violent storm. In between the attacks, boundless power once again surged forth.

"No matter how ruthless I am, I'm still not as ruthless as Mister Jing Qiu. Mister Jing Qiu didn't hesitate to spill the blood of the world in order to comprehend the Divergent Realm and obtain benefits at the same time. I can't be that ruthless.

By the way, let me tell you that Jing Fanxing has already been stripped of all his magic power and bloodline by King Chen's Banishing Immortals. He's now an ordinary person. I didn't kill him, but the traps you've set up in Jing Province have all been accepted by the Celestial Pacification Department.

The wealth you've accumulated over the years is truly astonishing. With your cultivation and a hundred years of accumulation, the Celestial Pacification Department has really made a killing this time. "Zhuge Ya transformed the events in Jing Province into thoughts and transmitted them directly to Jing Qiu.

"Ah!"

Jing Qiu knew that his hundred years of planning had come to naught. Not only that, but the entire Jing Clan would be annihilated.

Only he knew how many treasures he'd plundered and how many pills he'd stockpiled in the depths of various secret camps in Jing Province.

His magic power was so powerful that even the old antiques wouldn't be able to discover the formations he'd set up. In the entire world, there weren't many people more powerful than him.

"The Celestial Pacification Department is impressive. I've lost this time."

Jing Qiu suddenly stopped. He knew that no matter what he did, he wouldn't be able to break through Zhuge Ya's defenses. "However, Zhuge Ya, I'm afraid it won't be that easy for you to kill me today." "I know you still have a trump card. What is it? Let me see. "Zhuge Ya was intrigued.

"Aren't you known for your flawless plans?"

Jing Qiu's eyes were sharp, and he no longer looked refined. "Then why don't you calculate what other trump cards I have?"

"Since you're testing me, Mister Jing Qiu, I'll naturally comply. Why wouldn't I agree to your dying request?" Zhuge Ya looked at Jing Qiu with a smile. Suddenly, the Seven Star Lamp above his head emitted a dazzling radiance that shone at Jing Qiu. A faint purple light flashed across Jing Qiu's body.

"The Myrtle Imperial Star!

Just as I thought, my calculations were correct. One of the members of the Jing Clan will be reincarnated, and it turns out to be the Myrtle Imperial Star. And you, Jing Qiu, actually stole the destiny of the reincarnated member of the Jing Clan. The Myrtle Imperial Star is a star that contains the aura of a monarch, and is the king of divination. Although it's only a single star, it's incredibly powerful. It's almost as powerful as the Lord of Six Stars, if not more.

It's very difficult for you to fuse with it, so you rebelled and founded a kingdom. That way, you'll be able to use the aura of a monarch to slowly fuse the profound mysteries of the Myrtle Imperial Star into your own magic power. "Zhuge Ya's expression was very serious.

"Hahahaha! You really are the Lord of Seven Stars. I can't believe you figured out my secret."

Jing Qiu suddenly began to laugh maniacally. A violet star suddenly appeared above his head. It seemed to be the king of all kings, and it emanated boundless majesty.

"Be broken!" The enormous star trembled!

A ripping sound could be heard as it tore through the earth-yellow lotus clouds. Taking advantage of this opportunity, Jing Qiu suddenly transformed into a streak of light that shot out of the blockade. In a flash, he was gone.

Zhuge Ya didn't pursue him. Instead, he sank into thought. "So, the Myrtle Imperial Star appeared in the Jing Clan?

It seems Jing Qiu isn't crazy. He really did peer into the future and see the destiny of the Jing Clan. He has the aura of a monarch. "

"Mister Zhuge, it seems you weren't able to kill Jing Qiu. Leaving him alive will only lead to endless trouble."

At this moment, Wu Dangkong appeared. She had been hiding in the Sun Moon Altar the entire time, watching the battle.

Right now, her body was just an incarnation of magic power. Her true body was still inside the Sun Moon Altar. That was just in case. That way, she wouldn't die. She wasn't like Gu Chensha, who didn't have incarnations.

"The Heavenly Dao changes. Even I can't predict the future."

Zhuge Ya was silent for a while. "When the Myrtle Imperial Star appears, the universe will definitely be in chaos. This star is so powerful that even I can't underestimate it. If Jing Qiu really refines the profound meaning of this star and fuses it with his magic power, it will be difficult to kill him. However, he hasn't built a country yet, so there's no rush. This star is both an opportunity and a disaster." "Mister Zhuge, I want that Imperial Star. What do you think?" Wu Dangkong was already drooling.

"Now that Jing Qiu has escaped, I can't do anything to him for now." Zhuge Ya frowned. "Fortunately, he's still under my control." "Mister Zhuge, you're so confident?"

Wu Dangkong thought. "Jing Qiu is an expert with the Undying Body of 25 transformations. If he advances again, he'll be even more terrifying."

"He lost the Central Wutu Great Virtue Flag, a primordial spiritual treasure, and we obtained the North Star Bloodline. That's a big loss."

Zhuge Ya looked into the distance. "With this primordial spiritual treasure, we can refine it into the Common People's Wish sphere. The sphere will have the aura of a primordial spiritual treasure, and it will be easy to advance. Just based on this point alone, he no longer has any possibility of turning the tables. "

"Mister Zhuge is indeed powerful. This time, I originally thought that Jing Qiu's rebellion would cause Jingzhou to bleed and the world to be in chaos, but Mister Zhuge resolved the crisis with a flip of his hand," Wu Dang Kong said, "In this way, I don't dare to go against Mister Zhuge anymore." "Why go against him?"

Zhuge Ya smiled. "If you and I work together, we can scheme against the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor again. We can sacrifice all the Emperor's Energy that his Great Wei Dynasty has painstakingly accumulated. We can obtain the power within. I guarantee that you can become an expert like a god in a short time.

You'll be stronger than many of the ancient emperors. After all, the ancient population was sparse. Even if the world was unified, there wasn't much Emperor's Energy. It was far from the current Great Wei Dynasty. " "Then everything depends on Mister Zhuge."

This time, Wu Dangkong finally knew how powerful Zhuge Ya was. "Oh right, I have a question that I would like to ask you for some advice."

"Is it because the Sacrificial Token is different from the ancient records? Is it because you're not born a Saint? But you've obtained the Sacrificial Token? "Zhuge Ya already knew what Wu Dangkong wanted to ask. Wu Dangkong did not speak. He just looked at Zhuge Ya.

"Actually, all of this is part of the Emperor's plan. I can only tell you that the first person to obtain this token was King Chen." A bright light suddenly appeared on top of Zhuge Ya's head.

"Sun and Moon Shine Together. You also know the Emperor's God Sealing Technique? How is that possible? "

Wu Dang Kong was taken aback. "According to the rumors, isn't it said that only those who have this talisman can use it? When this token leaves, the cultivation technique also leaves. Wait, what did you just say? The first person to obtain this token was Gu Chensha? " "That's right."

Zhuge Ya's eyes seemed to see through Wu Dangkong. His voice was full of charm. "Times have changed. The Heavenly Dao has been distorted. The Sacrificial Token itself is a channel for the Heavenly Dao to communicate with all things. The control of this channel is no longer in the hands of the Heavenly Dao. Do you really think that the Emperor did not suppress the Heavenly Dao? In the future, according to the trajectory of the Heavenly Dao, it has completely changed. The Emperor used his boundless power to change everything. No one can see the real future. " "What the hell is going on? Am I not the future Emperor? "Wu Dangkong's confidence seemed to have been completely destroyed.