Chapter 628
===========

"I'm just ashamed. This is Lord Chensha's brilliant plan."

Zhuge Ya slowly glanced over these people. Except for Wen Hong, all the experts present had their own plans. Of course, this was understandable. They had big families and businesses, their sects had legacies to pass on, and their disciples had to protect. A slight change in one part could affect the rest. They could not give up everything to fight against the Department of Tranquil Immortals. Zhuge Ya and all the members of the Department of Tranquil Immortals could understand this.

He looked at Tai Xuandu. "Headmaster Xuandu, after you obtained the Taiyi Pearl, you obtained all the legacies of Lord Taiyi. How is it now? "

"The Taiyi Pearl has been completely integrated into the Taiyi Heavenly Palace. The power of the entire Mini Chiliocosm has increased, but it is still not enough to become a Medium Chiliocosm."

Tai Xuandu shook his head. "Of course. Thanks to the Department of Tranquil Immortals for imparting the Dragon-raising Sutra and the Dragon-making Sutra, the number of disciples has increased rapidly. Moreover, with the implementation of your Dao of Governance, the national sacrificial power of Taiyi Fantasy Sect has increased several times. If this goes on, I'm afraid that even the Patriarch of Lord Taiyi will be activated and reveal his true spirit." "Ten thousand years is too long."

Chang Weiyang sighed. "The Dharma Saint has been resurrected, but my father is still sinking. Although my father is the junior of the Dharma Saint, his magic power and understanding of the Heavenly Dao are not inferior to that of the Dharma Saint. I really hope that he can be resurrected too." "The Dharma Saint is different from Lord Chang Yuzhou."

Wen Hong said, "When the Dharma Saint was in the human world, he established laws and maintained order. Over the years, the way of governing the entire Central Plains is still based on the law, not morality. In terms of contributions to the world, the Dharma Saint is undoubtedly number one among the many Saints. Now that the order of the Heavenly Dao has begun to loosen, his accumulation has taken effect, and he has naturally been revived. This can't be helped.

Senior Chang Yuzhou's cultivation base and fighting strength might be above that of the Dharma Saint, but his contributions to the future of the Heavenly Dao are far inferior to that of the Dharma Saint. "

"Indeed, there's nothing we can do about it." With Chang Weiyang's level of cultivation, she naturally understood the Dao of Fate Rotation.

"Everyone, I'm here today to give you a big gift."

Zhuge Ya went straight to the point. "The reason why I was able to advance to the Divine level so quickly was because Prince Chensha had used a scheme and obtained the memories of the Dharma Saint, as well as his miraculous method of resisting the Heavenly Dao's summons.

Now that the world is in turmoil and Wan Senshi is contacting the Immortal Dao, everyone is having a hard time.

I've imparted the wondrous technique's memories to all of you, hoping that all of you can comprehend its profundities and improve further. Especially Sect Master Endless, if you can break through these thirty-six transformations and reach the realm of Embodiment Transformation, reaching the realm of Heavenly Sovereign, jumping out of the Three Realms and not within the Five Elements, then many things will be much easier to handle. "

"The Tranquil Immortal Department is actually so generous?" Ji Qingwu, who had been silent all this while, was moved. As for Tai Xuan Du, Chang Weiyang, and Wen Hong, they weren't surprised.

Chang Weiyang said, "The Heavenly Dao Art really has unfathomable power. With Gu Chensha's realm, he can actually trick the Dharma Saint." "Not necessarily."

Zhuge Ya shook his head. "Maybe the Dharma Saint will notice this. He also wants to familiarize himself with the characteristics of the Heavenly Dao Art. In short, everyone is scheming against each other, and it depends on who is deeper. Even if our Tranquil Immortal Department has the Heavenly Dao Art, a medium-sized world, and many other resources, we don't think that we can toy with a big shot like the Dharma Saint."

"The Tranquil Immortal Department doesn't do business without capital. We've worked together many times and have a good relationship." Tai Xuan Du said, "This gift isn't light. Speak, what does the Tranquil Immortal Department want? What do you want us to do? "

"First, eliminate the Dharma Saint, sweep away the foundation of the world's aristocratic families, and then fight against Wan Senshi."

Zhuge Ya said, "This is our common goal, especially Wan Senshi. He is pressing forward step by step, and has already begun to make his move against the Profound Immortal Dao Sect. If you don't unite and defend, I'm afraid that in the future, you will also be taken in by him."

"No one knows the origin of Wan Senshi, but in the Ancient Era, he made a shocking appearance and presided over some major events. Even the three Great Celestial Venerables are extremely respectful to him.

This antique is much more difficult to deal with than the Dharma Saint. It can be said that even ten Dharma Saints may not be able to defeat him. "

Ji Qingwu said, "Now that he has established the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, it is a very loose organization, and he did not break up the other sects to integrate."

"This is where his brilliance lies. If he had been aggressive in the beginning and allowed all the sects to unite, it would have caused people to shrink back. Now, with such a loose alliance, many of the Celestial Sects would lose their vigilance. They would think that they would not be at a disadvantage if they joined, and it would be a waste if they did not join. After all the Celestial Sects had joined, Immortal Teacher Wan would then activate the plan to break up the sects and unite them. At that time, the general trend would have been formed, and everyone would have no choice but to bow their heads and listen. Those who oppose would regret it too late." Wen Hong saw it very clearly.

"What do you think of the Heavenly Dance Sect?"

Zhuge Ya said, "The Tranquil Immortal Department also wants to join forces with you to form an alliance. Both sides will share information, resources, and all kinds of cultivation methods. Your disciples can enter the Tranquil Immortal Department and work together. When necessary, the world will communicate with each other, and energy will complement each other. At the same time, the Tranquil Immortal Department will also help you integrate the sects. To improve cohesion. " "I need to think about this." Ji Qingwu didn't dare to agree easily.

"I agree."

Chang Weiyang and Tai Xuan were very straightforward. The two sects had received enough benefits. Since working with the Tranquil Immortal Department, the overall strength of the sects had increased a lot. "The most important thing is to break through the barriers. Only then can we survive." "Okay." Wen Hong nodded.

"You really have no taboos."

Ji Qingwu frowned. "If the sects communicate, I'm afraid the original orthodoxy will be chaotic, and in the end, the people will not be united." "Orthodoxy is nothing more than worship."

Wen Hong said, "Sect Leader Qingwu still hasn't opened up. Actually, the integration between sects will bring many disadvantages, but it will also bring many unexpected benefits. As long as we, the leaders, work together to control the direction. " "There is one more thing that causes us to not stick to the rules."

Zhuge Ya said, "Right now, there are fortuitous encounters and turbulence everywhere in the world. If we work together, our strength will become stronger.

Only then will we be able to control the situation and obtain more fortuitous encounters and resources. If we stay in the same place and miss the opportunity, it will be too late for regrets. "

"This makes sense. For example, if the True God position is taken by the Dharma Saint, he will be working together with Wu Dangkong, borrowing the power of the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman.

In the future, there will be more True God positions. If we work together, the possibility of taking them will be much higher. "Ji Qingwu thought about it.

"Not only that, even if it is a true god, we can directly capture and kill them and take their positions." Zhuge Ya said, "As time develops, the seal that His Majesty set up may be removed.

At that time, the sealed True Gods may come out. If we still fight on our own, it will be hard to continue. " "Okay, then let's sign the agreement now."

Chang Weiyang said, "World communication, with the dimensional sphere as the center, operating in balance. Our world will be the support. We will create a new alliance and situation. " "Yes, I will open the true core of the dimensional sphere, the Tree of Wishes."

Zhuge Ya's expression did not change. "Sect Leader Wei Yang, Sect Leader Xuan Du, Sect Leader Qing Wu, Grand Tutor Wen Hong, you can all enter the Tree of Wishes and activate it together, using the tree to create a world. How about it? "

"You are opening the core authority of the Tree of Wishes to us?" Chang Weiyang was stunned. She never expected Zhuge Ya to be so bold. This was equivalent to letting Zhuge Ya control the lightning pool of the universe. This was absolute trust and cooperation.

"Yes."

Zhuge Ya said, "There is no need to mention Headmaster Endless's strength right now. She has already reached the edge of a true breakthrough. Although our Calmness Immortal Department controls the World's Will sphere, we still lack a Divinity Realm powerhouse. As for your three sects, you have enough Divinity Realm powerhouses to fully revolve our dimensional realms and display their greatest strength." "Aren't you afraid that we will take over?" Chang Weiyang asked.

"It doesn't matter. In the face of the great calamity, any internal strife will only result in death."

Zhuge Ya said, "Moreover, we are the creators of this dimensional realm. Not only does that world have our will, but you entering it will also bring a great deal of pressure to me. This will make it so that the people of our Calming Immortal Department have to constantly make progress."

"Very good. Your Tranquil Immortal Department is so broad-minded that we can't catch up to you." Tai Xuan was completely shocked. "Then, this old man will go all out." "Good. Since that's the case, let's begin." Zhuge Ya waved his hand and a picture appeared in front of him.

In the picture, there was a huge tree that gave off endless luster. It floated in the turbulence of time and space, suppressing the infinite space.

At the root of this huge tree was a spherical world, which was the World's Wish sphere's dimensional sphere. It was the source of nutrients for the roots of the huge tree. The branches of the huge tree were like fruits, with several small chiliocosms hanging on them.

These small chiliocosms were the Taiyi Mystic Sect, the Cosmos Mystic Sect, the Sky Dance Mystic Sect, the Minor Divine Province, and the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong's world.

Right now, the Minor Divine Province and the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong's world were both microscopic worlds that had not completely evolved. Zhuge Ya was just a preconceived idea.

"My idea is to use the Tree of Desire as the foundation to connect many worlds and form a whole. This is the smell of the Hongmeng Tree. "

Zhuge Ya pointed at the picture he had created and said, "Let's form an alliance with the Tranquil Immortal Department as the leader and everyone else as assistants. After all, the Tranquil Immortal Department is a dimensional realm.

This diagram is what we need to do. We need to connect many worlds with this tree and transport them to each other in an endless cycle. That way, we will be able to display great power. I think even Heavenly Venerables will have to dodge our attacks and might even be seriously injured.

Then, we will work together to plunder. Countless fortuitous encounters, countless treasures, countless demons, and countless opponents will be crushed by us. They will become nutrients to nourish our world. Won't we become stronger this way?

In the future, when the time is right and the world is at peace, everyone can also leave this alliance of the huge tree, just like those mature worlds that left the Hongmeng Tree. " End of this chapter ...