Chapter 541
===========

"Kid, only I can help you. You're in danger, and you can't pull yourself out.

The Dharma Saint is raising you like a pig, fattening you up and then butchering you. Do you really think you're some kind of rare talent? "Gu Chensha knew that Gu Changjian despised 'Wudang Xing'.

In fact, he despised 'Wu Dangkong'. In the imperial court, his father was the crown prince, and should have been the ruler of the country. Now that the ruler was Wu Dangkong, his father was just an empty title. He was always hostile towards the Wu Clan's members.

"Wudang Xing, you're a traitor. You were born in the Wu clan, and then you betrayed the clan, causing it to fall apart.

You still have the face to stand here? "Gu Changjian was furious, and it seemed like he was about to attack.

"Kid, you're a member of the imperial court, but you betrayed the imperial family. What do you say?" Gu Chensha was trying to provoke Gu Changjian's hatred towards the Wu clan.

"Alright, Changjian, now's not the time to argue." Gu Tanjian waved his hand. "Is the information you gave me true?

The Immortal Master and the Emperor have a daughter called Gu Huansha. She's now in the Heavenly Designer Institute, and together with the Dharma Saint, they're going to support you to unify the Wildlands and become the ruler of the Wildlands? "

"That's right. You and I are cousins, and we're brothers fighting tigers. When I'm in trouble, the first person I look for is naturally you.

No matter what, you have to help me. "Gu Changjian didn't hesitate to make his request. He wanted to see Gu Tanjian's reaction.

"Wudang Xing is also a member of the Immortal Master." Gu Tanjian pointed at Gu Chensha. "Now you know why I left him here, right?" "So that's how it is."

Gu Changjian was shocked, but he calmed down. He cupped his hands and said, "Brother Dang Xing, I've offended you in the past. I hope you'll forgive me. In the future, I'll naturally send you something as an apology." "This brat changed his attitude so quickly. He's also an outstanding person."

Gu Chensha was quite surprised. He nodded, and the conflict between the two of them was temporarily resolved. However, he knew that Gu Changjian was so moody that when he killed someone, he would not show any mercy. He would probably take someone's life while they were chatting. Because of this, he had a higher opinion of Gu Changjian.

"Cousin, I don't know what to do with this matter, so I came to ask for your advice. You must help me this time."

Gu Changjian once again said to Gu Tanjian, "Moreover, if I can extricate myself from this matter, it will also be of great benefit to you."

"Who would have thought that the Celestial Calmness Department wouldn't be able to suppress it, and now there's Gu Huan Sha's Celestial Designer Institute. It looks like their backer is even more powerful. One wave has yet to subside, yet another one rises."

Gu Tanjian wasn't in a hurry to agree to Gu Changjian's request. "Since that's the case, we have to make some changes to how we deal with the Celestial Calmness Department. Otherwise, if Gu Huan Sha were to reap the benefits, wouldn't she be left with nothing? " "How's the deal with the Celestial Calmness Department going?

Wu Dangkong didn't lose anything this time. Instead, she gained great benefits. The Divine Prefecture Innumerable Ferocious Armor is standing behind her. She's equivalent to a Saint. "

Gu Chensha probed, "Not only that, but she also obtained a third of the control over the Martial Saint's Paradise. Her operations can't be underestimated. It's a pity that the Alliance Master didn't dare to do it, or else he would have obtained the entire Martial Saint's Paradise." "This matter isn't that simple."

Gu Tanjian actually felt a little regretful. He didn't think that Wu Dang Xing would really dare to take the risk. "The plan to deal with the Celestial Calmness Department is about to begin. Fa Wuxian is roaming the Demon Domain and has already roped in a group of Demon God powerhouses. Xuan An has also organized a group of forces in the Immortal Dao. They can destroy the Celestial Calmness Department and the island where the Immortal Dao cultivators gather at any time."

"I don't think it's that simple. It seems that the Celestial Calmness Department's Life's Wish sphere has undergone a huge change. If it evolves into a Minor Chiliocosm, even many Demon Gods working together might not be able to do anything to it."

Gu Chensha wanted to see if Gu Tanjian and the others had any other trump cards up their sleeves. Know thyself, know thy enemy, and you will emerge victorious in every battle.

"The Celestial Calmness' Wish sphere has completely hidden its traces recently. We can't detect anything. Now that you mention it, it's really strange."

Gu Tanjian frowned. "But it doesn't matter. Even if the sphere evolves into a Minor Chiliocosm, the ones attacking are the Demon Gods, not us. We might even be able to benefit from it." "It looks like we need to hold another meeting."

Gu Chensha wanted more information. "Since the Celestial Calmness Department has changed, we need to change as well."

"That's for sure. In three days, we'll meet again at the Clearsky Merchant Guild's residence in the old capital. We'll decide on a time to strike," Gu Tanjian said.

"We'll talk about this matter in three days."

Gu Chensha said, "Then let's talk about Brother Changjian's matter first. Since it involves the Immortal Master, I have no choice but to interfere." "Actually, the Immortal Master is also controlling you."

Gu Tanjian said, "Let's discuss everything. We can borrow the power of various factions to extricate ourselves from the current situation."

"That's what I'm thinking too. Insignificant figures like us don't have enough magic power after all, so we can only wander among the major factions." Gu Chensha sighed, following Gu Tanjian's words.

This time, he had obtained an important piece of information. The hidden powerful figure in the Celestial Designer Institute was actually his half-sister, Gu Huansha.

If the Immortal Master was supporting this woman, then the entire Celestial Designer Institute was probably already in her hands. This was extremely disadvantageous to the Celestial Calmness Department. It looked like he had to find a time to investigate. He might even want to interact with this woman and see what her attitude was.

After discussing with the two brothers, Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian for a while, Gu Chensha did not manage to obtain any special information, so he took his leave.

After he left, Gu Changjian said to Gu Tanjian, "Cousin, this person is definitely not trustworthy. Moreover, he's been fanning the flames everywhere, as if he wants to see the world in chaos. I think we should kill this person as soon as possible. Otherwise, there will be a great disaster." "That's what I think too."

Gu Tanjian nodded, "This Wudang Xing didn't have much of a reputation before. Recently, he suddenly rose to prominence. It's obvious that he had some kind of fortuitous encounter. This person has deceived me of some treasures. Fortunately, my treasures have a curse on them. Sooner or later, they will be triggered. Even if he doesn't die, he will still lose a layer of skin. If we act now, I'm afraid that the Immortal Master might have some tricks up his sleeves.

"Cousin, how are you going to help me with my matters?

The Dharma Saint and Gu Huan Sha are obviously planning to get rid of the donkey once it's no longer of use. The day I succeed will be the day I die. The same goes for the three Heavenly Sovereigns. "Gu Changjian made his intentions clear.

"This matter is not urgent. As long as you don't become the Wildlands Lord, you will be safe and sound. You can also obtain all kinds of benefits to increase your strength.

One more thing, they want to obtain your bloodline. However, once this bloodline is activated, it will be invincible. I think the most important thing for you now is to find a way to activate your bloodline. There's no need to think too much about it. I will definitely help you. "

Gu Tanjian wanted to observe the situation first. "In the Wildlands, you need to establish your own power and make the Barbarians pray to you. This is a must. I have a microscopic world here that was left behind by a Deity. Normally, when a Deity dies, the world they created would collapse. However, due to some special circumstances, it was left behind and I managed to obtain it. Now, we can each take half of it and place our imprints within it. After that, you can unify the Barbarians and have them worship this microscopic world. When the time comes, both of us will gain immense power.

What do you think? "At this moment, a tiny world appeared above Gu Tanjian's palm. It seemed to be sealed within some sort of divine item.

"That's the only way."

Gu Changjian's heart trembled. He had never imagined that Gu Tanjian would be able to get his hands on something like this. Furthermore, he was taking advantage of him. However, he also wanted Gu Tanjian's help, so they quickly came to an agreement.

Outside, Gu Chensha left the fief and hid his body, returning to his original appearance. He flew to the depths of the sky and observed the fate of the fief. He found that it was indeed flowing away. In the far distance, the fate of his own fief increased greatly. It was as vigorous as a flame at all times. Some of the power of will turned into golden dragons that boiled everywhere. It was almost like a divine kingdom in the sky.

From this, it could be seen that the Celestial Calmness Department had reached an unprecedented level of development. However, Gu Chensha soon turned his attention to the Celestial Designer Institute.

The Heavenly Designer Institute also began to encircle the Wildland Continent. Huge factories were erected one after another, all of which were brazenly sealed off with restrictive magic. From the outside, it looked like a giant screen of light, like a giant egg or a miracle. By this point, the people of the world were no longer surprised.

Everyone practiced cultivation, and everyone knew that reaching a high enough level could reverse the cosmos, move mountains and fill in seas. In fact, some of the rich and powerful clans had even begun to purchase spell formations and use them. The imperial court had entered an age of immortal dao.

Everyone practiced martial arts and immortal cultivation. Even children who were only a few years old could use powerful fist techniques, and use breathing exercises to unleash incredible power.

The children of the rich and powerful clans often consumed medicinal pills and cultivated energy arts, and by the time they were four or five, they could slay tigers and wolves.

In the past, the Barbarians were strong, and the people of the Central Divine Prefecture were weak. A single squad of Barbarian soldiers could easily crush an army of thousands, but now, even the common people could kill a few Barbarian soldiers. Without their wretch-god priests, the Barbarians were growing weaker and weaker.

'Although the destiny of the Celestial Designer Institute isn't as intense as that of the Celestial Calmness Department, it doesn't show any signs of decline. In fact, it's growing stronger and purer. That means the Celestial Designer Institute is undergoing some sort of internal reform.'

As Gu Chensha looked around, he realized that the Celestial Designer Institute's factories were actually quite large. Furthermore, many of them weren't made with the techniques of the immortal dao, but rather, with some sort of prehistoric civilization. ' There was no doubt that the immortal lord had mastered some sort of prehistoric civilization.

Some of the mechanisms used by the Celestial Designer Institute had completely deviated from the immortal dao. They didn't use spell formations or spirit energy, but rather, they had traces of a prehistoric civilization. That much was obvious to Gu Chensha. Blurring into motion, he landed in front of the Celestial Designer Institute's headquarters.