Chapter 963
===========

Chapter 960: Freedom Flower Chapter 960: Freedom Flower

"This is the Five Decays of Deva," said the Great Feather Sand.

The Grand Plume Sand said, "The Celestial Emperor has reached the end of his path. He has also comprehended a mental cultivation method that is completely opposite of Gu Chensha's. It is to control all living beings to the extreme. The birth, aging, sickness, and death of all living beings, everything is under his control. All lives belong to him. This is his Dao. Everything is under his control. "

"Gu Daoxian can resist the power of the mortal world, but he'll be suppressed to the extreme. As the power of the mortal world erodes, the experts hidden in the mortal world will be eroded, their cultivation stripped away, and sent into reincarnation. This will increase the strength of the Heavenly Court and the mortal world." Ancestor Hongyun said, "In this way, the rebellion of these people won't be able to do anything."

"Yes, Gu Daoxian can resist the power of the mortal world, but it's hard to say what will happen to the others." The Great Feather Sand said, "This is our chance." "Then we'll deal with the others first?" Ancestor Hongyun said.

"Keep an eye on Gu Daoxian. The others can't even take care of themselves right now. Gu Daoxian will definitely devour them one by one. We'll take advantage of him. "

The Great Feather Sand said, "Now that the situation is chaotic, it's a good thing for me. The Emperor Of Heaven is using the power of the mortal world, so he won't have time to care about me." "Daughter, your strength seems to be increasing with every breath?

Is the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method so terrifying? "Ancestor Hongyun realized that the Great Feather Sand's strength had become unfathomable.

"Yes, after the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method is completed, I just need to keep using it to develop the power of my spirit. In the mortal world, I can even steal the spirits and sacrifices of all living beings. Even if they don't sacrifice to me, but to the Heavenly Court, I can steal some of them and fuse them with my own spirit, making my spirit more complete and vast. The Human Realm is a good place. "Hong Ling Sha said.

"There's actually such a powerful ability after mastering the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method?" Many people were shocked, "Then can Gu Chensha also steal the Heavenly Court's sacrificial offerings?"

"Gu Chensha has already broken away from this category. His realm is far above mine. I don't even know what realm he is in. He will no longer steal the power of the sacrificial offerings. If he wants to take action, he will directly devour the entire Human Realm, or even the Heaven Court. Of course, the word 'devour' cannot be used to describe it."

The Great Feather Sand said, "He is wrapped in the Dragonless Heart Sutra, removing all kinds of restraints, allowing everyone to obtain great freedom and freedom." "Gu Daoxian has moved. I'll follow him first."

The Great Feather Sand said, "This is a magical symbol created by my Dragonless Heart Sutra. Once you activate it, you will be able to resist the power of the mortal world. You will immediately establish your territory, gather the sacrificial offerings, and offer them to this talisman. That way, you will be able to provide me with an endless supply of power to create an Deathless item.

Gu Chensha established the Everlasting World, and the Emperor Heaven established the Heavenly Court. In fact, some of the people who obtained mutant essence created otherworldly worlds. Follow the instructions on my talisman and create a flower. This flower is called the Flower of Freedom. For now, it can rival the Heavenly Court, and in the future, it can even surpass it. "

As she spoke, a talisman appeared on the Great Feather Sand's body. This was the manifestation of her enlightenment of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and inside of the talisman was a flower.

As long as the talisman was filled with sacrificial offerings, it would be able to continuously produce Deathless substances, which would allow the flower to grow stronger.

Even more amazing was that the flower and the talisman could absorb the power of the mortal world and use it as sustenance, transforming it into Deathless substances.

"The power of the mortal world is something that all cultivators avoid," the Great Feather Sand said. "But for someone like me, who has comprehended the essence of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, it is like fertile soil. From it, a pure white Flower of Freedom can be born.

At the same time, a Flower of Freedom will appear above your heads, which will protect you from the harm of the mortal world. You will also be able to receive the help of the mortal world. "

Sure enough, everyone, including Patriarch Hongyun, poured their sacrificial offerings into the Flower of Freedom.

Next, a small Flower of Freedom appeared above their heads, which rotated and absorbed the power of the mortal world around them, transforming it into Deathless substances, which were then poured into the main body of the Flower of Freedom.

"The mortal world is filled with Flowers of Freedom," the Great Feather Sand said.

The Grand Feather Sand said, "Now that I've comprehended this transformation of the Dragonless Mantra, it's enough for me to contend against any expert. I have created the main body of the Flower of Freedom.

As long as people sincerely pray to the main body, they will be able to obtain a small Flower of Freedom. They will not be harmed, they will not be blessed by the myriad of tribulations, and the three corpses of the mortal world will not invade their hearts. They will never fall, and they will never be reincarnated. They will become Deathless.

Gu Chensha created the Dragonless Heart Sutra, but he didn't think of this. I am the one who brought the Dragonless Heart Sutra to greater heights, and I can even surpass Gu Chensha. After all, Gu Chensha only created the Dragonless Heart Sutra, while I am the one who pushed it to the peak. " "So, we can even subdue Gu Chensha in the future?"

A small Flower of Freedom appeared above Patriarch Hongyun's head, and he immediately felt very comfortable. He could move freely in the mortal world.

"If I subdue Gu Daoxian and the others, and subdue all the people with the variant source, then subdue the mortal world and the Emperor Of Heaven, I can surpass Gu Chensha.

"If I subdue Gu Daoxian and the others, and subdue all the people with the variant source, then subdue the mortal world and the Emperor Of Heaven, then I can surpass Gu Chensha.

The highest realm of the Dragonless Heart Sutra that he couldn't comprehend, I can comprehend it, and the realm that he couldn't reach, I can also reach it. "

The Hongyun Feather Sand said, "Now that I have this Flower of Freedom, I can start to operate in the mortal world. In a few days, my strength will increase by a lot again." While speaking, the Hongyun Feather Sand disappeared. It was unknown who it was looking for.

"Not bad, this Hongyun Feather Sand actually comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra to such a powerful realm, and evolved the transformation of the Flower of Freedom. Not bad, not bad, worthy of being the new Heaven Empress. However, this is going against the plan of the Emperor Of Heaven."

Gu Chensha saw all of this, and he once again comprehended some new principles from the transformation of the Hongyun Feather Sand.

However, the Hongyun Feather Sand was originally a test subject, and Gu Chensha was actually using her as a test subject.

Now that she had comprehended the core transformation of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, Gu Chensha's experiment was gradually approaching perfection. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha followed the Hongyun Feather Sand, and he wanted to carefully observe this test subject. Occasionally, he would even secretly make a move to perfect this test subject. Moreover, Gu Chensha also knew that the Emperor Of Heaven was also observing the Hongyun Feather Sand. The Emperor Of Heaven would also make a move to mold the Hongyun Feather Sand at the crucial moment.

The Hongyun Feather Sand had become a key figure in the battle between the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha.

The significance of this battle was very far-reaching. If the Emperor Of Heaven succeeded in subduing the Hongyun Feather Sand, then Gu Chensha would be at a disadvantage. If the Hongyun Feather Sand eventually comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra and walked on the path of spiritual freedom, he might not even need to rely on Gu Chensha, and the Emperor Of Heaven would be in imminent danger.

In this battle, Gu Chensha had the upper hand. This was because his strength was much higher than the Emperor Of Heaven. Even if the Hongyun Feather Sand was changed by the Emperor Of Heaven and became the Heaven Empress, Gu Chensha would only be at a disadvantage. It was also impossible for the Emperor Of Heaven to defeat him. Gu Chensha still had various methods to turn the tables. Therefore, Gu Chensha had nothing to fear.

Moreover, the Hongyun Feather Sand had comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra and the Freedom Flower. This had given Gu Chensha a lot of inspiration. His cultivation would definitely improve in the future.

The Hongyun Feather Sand's body was constantly flashing, shuttling through various places in the Human Realm. The Human Realm was huge. Let alone a Heavenly Venerable, even a Heaven Primordial expert would be like a drop of water in the vast ocean. However, the Hongyun Feather Sand's cultivation at this moment was not a drop of water, but a giant whale primordial dragon. It could swim unhindered in the ocean, and no one could do anything to it.

"This woman's strength is growing with every breath." Gu Chensha watched as the Hongyun Feather Sand landed in a country. This country did not belong to the Heavenly Court, but to another traitor.

"Xia Wansha."

As soon as the Hongyun Feather Sand landed in the country, he saw an enormous capital city. Numerous commoners were offering sacrifices to the other traitor, the one who had obtained the Mutant Essence, Xia Wansha.

"Dammit. The red-dust energy of the Human Realm is getting stronger and stronger. It's constantly corroding my body. Even my Mutant Essence is having a hard time resisting it." In the imperial palace of the capital city, Xia Wansha was currently in the middle of cultivation. In front of him was a pond that was filled with the power of sacrifices.

He was preparing to extract deathless power from the depths of the sacrificial power, but the red-dust energy around him was constantly corroding him. Even deathless power was beginning to rot away.

"The Emperor Of Heaven is far stronger than I expected. Even the deathless I extracted can't block the red-dust energy."

Nie Wansha was getting very nervous. "What do I do? What do I do? I thought I could take advantage of the chaos to get stronger. But now I'm on the verge of collapse.

It seems Gu Chensha of Everworld has divided the Deathless level into nine levels, which means that the Emperor Of Heaven has reached the seventh level, the true Deathless level. Even someone who has reached the sixth level of Deathless won't be able to block the red-dust energy he creates.

Only someone who has reached the seventh level of Deathless can block it. "Xia Wansha suddenly gained enlightenment.

"No!"

At this point, a voice rang out. "Even if you reach the seventh level of Deathless, you won't be able to block the red-dust energy. The Emperor Of Heaven is no longer the Emperor Of Heaven you were destined to be in the future. Instead, he's the evolved Emperor Of Heaven. He's advancing to the eighth level of Deathless. That's why you need to reach the eighth level of Deathless. That's the only way you can truly block the corrosion of the red-dust energy." "Who's there?!" Nie Wansha blurted out in shock.

"Join me, and I'll give you a way to block the corrosion of the red-dust energy," said the Hongyun Feather Sand.