Chapter 341
===========

After explaining a few things to Jin Suibo, Gu Chensha sent him to reorganize the Immortal Dao.

As an elder of the Everlasting Celestial Sect, he had a wide network of contacts in the Immortal Dao. After joining the Celestial Pacification Department, the task of contacting the Immortal Dao was handed over to him. If it weren't for him, the Celestial Pacification Department would probably still be struggling.

Jin Suibo was a very profound person. Originally, Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and the Fourth Black Tortoise didn't trust him very much. They just wanted to make use of him.

Later, Zhuge Ya came to the Celestial Pacification Department and saw through Jin Suibo's foundation at a glance. He personally negotiated with Jin Suibo to help him break away from the Peerless Scripture's control and become the Lord of Five Stars. Only then did he truly become the Celestial Pacification Department's right-hand man.

Until now, a part of Jin Suibo's primordial spirit could also control the Life's Wish sphere. He was of one mind with the Celestial Pacification Department, so there was no room for separation. With Jin Suibo's current aptitude and strength, he could definitely accomplish many great things.

Many of the second and third rate profound immortal sects also had hidden treasures. These treasures might not even be recognizable to them, or they might even be fragments of ancient treasures. If these things could be excavated and analyzed by the Life's Wish sphere, it could also strengthen the power of one's body.

"Heavenly Demon Tree, Touch of the Divine and Demon."

At this moment, the Touch of the Divine and Demon tree growing on the Bottomless Sea of Sin suddenly began to shrink. This was the work of Zhuge Ya's Dharmic Incarnation.

Since Gu Chensha had already set up an altar in the Demon Realm, there was no point in planting the Touch of the Ghostly Tree here. The best choice was to transplant it into the World's Wish sphere and use it as a tree to stabilize the world and adjust the environment within the sphere. It would also help the world squirm, allowing it to better absorb various types of energy from the outside world, allowing the world to grow faster.

Finally, the Touch of the Divine and Demon tree turned into a small sapling and flew into the hands of Zhuge Ya's Dharmic Incarnation. Then, with the tree in hand, he flew into the sky.

In fact, he could borrow the power of the Life's Wish sphere to instantly break through space-time and reach the interior of the sphere. However, doing so would consume a lot of the sphere's energy. He was still in the stage of meticulous planning, and the sphere was still in its growth phase. It was best not to consume too much energy since it had just condensed. Therefore, he could only choose to fly back.

Fortunately, the magic power of this incarnation was also extremely strong. It could absorb spiritual energy and convert it into magic power, so its speed was not very slow.

Not long after, he crossed the vast lands of the Great Yongchō and arrived at Gu Chensha's fief. He entered the Life's Wish sphere and merged with his true body. Then, with a toss, that little sapling flew out again, taking root at the center of this world.

The Touch of the Ghost and God tree grew once again, blotting out the sky and turning into a huge shade that covered a radius of hundreds of miles. Furthermore, its roots were deeply embedded into the soil. Buzz …

The world inside the sphere of Life's Wish underwent many changes. The vital energy became more stable, and the wriggling speed in the depths of the space-time turbulence outside sped up. This tree itself was a peerless treasure that could change the world and adjust vital energy.

If this tree was transplanted into the Life's Wish sphere, it would complement each other and it could further purify the world within the sphere. One tree, one world, one tree.

"Mr. Zhuge's care is really exquisite."

Gu Chensha could clearly sense what Zhuge Ya was doing from the Demon Region Altar. He felt that his connection with the Life's Wish sphere was getting closer and closer. Buzz …

Just at that moment, a large number of demons appeared in the distance and they all surged towards the altar. Gu Chensha could vaguely see the Six Armed Snake Demon behind the demons.

Zhuge Ya had placed a seal on the Six Armed Snake Demon so that she would lure other demons to their deaths.

After the Heavenly Demon Tree was taken away, Gu Chensha had built the altar and was about to head out to hunt demons. Now that the demons had come to him, it was obvious that this was another of Zhuge Ya's plans.

"Human cultivators actually dare to build an altar in our Demon Region. Demon Emperor Ba Mei, you actually managed to find a few pieces of meat."

At that moment, the demon army in the distance noticed Gu Chensha and the altar, as well as Liu Yu and the other four. A few Demon Emperors conversed with the Six Armed Snake Demon. The Six Armed Snake Demon's real name was Demon Emperor Ba Mei. In the Demon Region, anyone with snake attributes was the descendant of the Tun Ri Ba Mei God. This was why they called themselves Ba.

"Demon Emperor Xie Du, these human cultivators are truly gutsy. However, their bodies contain extremely strong essence blood and souls that will be of great nourishment to us."

Demon Emperor Ba Mei pointed at the altar and said, "Let's attack together and capture these humans. How about we split their souls and bodies?" "Okay."

Demon Emperor Xie Wu's body was covered in blood light and he looked like a skinned blood man. His main body was a blood corpse and after being nourished by demonic energy, he turned into an evil demon. He was really strong and similar to Demon Emperor Ba Mei, he was also at the Dao Realm Nineteen Transformation and could change his size at will.

Demon Region didn't bring anyone stronger than him. That was because in the Demon Region, if one worked with someone stronger than oneself, that person would be swallowed up. There were no laws in the Demon Region and the strong ate the weak. It was the law of the jungle.

The Eros Demon Monarch's thirty to forty thousand subordinates were all temporarily subdued. There were Ox-headed Demons, Horse-faced Demons, Winged Demons, Flame Demons, and so on.

The subordinates of the Xiedu Demon Emperor were all elites. They were all Darkness Armor Great Demons with wings that allowed them to fly. In fact, they even had weapons made of Darkness Iron. There were many runes on those weapons that gave them incredible killing power. Because of that, Demon Emperor Xie Wu looked down on Demon Emperor Ba Mei. Kill!

Energy surged around Demon Emperor Xie Wu's body and he shrunk to the size of a fist. The energy turned into a blood-colored rainbow that swept towards the altar. But before he reached the side of the altar, the stars around him shone and a cage appeared. This cage imprisoned him within, directly above the sacrificial altar.

"Lightning, come." Gu Chensha waved his hand and Xiantian energy shook, forming a giant lightning bolt in the cage. The lightning shook. Demon Emperor Xie Wu didn't even have time to cry out before he was killed.

"Sacrifice!"

Then, Gu Chensha used the Sun and Moon Sacrifice skill to sacrifice the Demon Emperor to the Common People's Wish Ball.

A Dao Realm Nineteen Transformation Demon Emperor was something he could casually kill like crushing an ant.

After killing Demon Emperor Xie Wu, Gu Chensha didn't attack. Instead, Liu Yu and the other four flew out. The five of them worked together and instantly, a five-colored light formed a ten-mile giant whirlpool that sucked all the monsters in.

Then, the whirlpool flew to the altar. Liu Yu and the other four started to sacrifice according to Gu Chensha's method.

Their sacrifices were much slower than Gu Chensha's, but they were gradually beginning to show results. Tens of thousands of monsters were sacrificed, and then a gentle power passed through space and time to descend upon their bodies, causing the embryonic Gold Cores in their chests to become even more stable.

This was the power from the Common People's Wish Ball. This power could strengthen their Chest Acupoints and make the Golden Core formation process smoother.

Gu Chensha sacrificed to the Common People's Wish Ball but he didn't want any power. That was because he was a part of the ball and sacrificing it was the same as sacrificing himself.

"King, if this continues, we will be able to form the Golden Core soon." Liu Yu and the other four finished their sacrifice and carefully felt the power within.

"Not bad. As long as you continue to kill monsters to sacrifice, not only can you strengthen the power of the ball, but you can also purify the God Bloodline in your bodies. It will increase your talent and cultivation, making it easier for you to break through. This is a win-win situation.

The relationship between God and man is a trade and also a balance. It is like the Imperial Court and the people. The people give their resources to the Imperial Court and the Imperial Court provides them with good order and maintains production. They also gather the resources and do many things that are beneficial to the people. This is the relationship between God and man. "

Gu Chensha was suddenly enlightened. "The people who hold great power in the imperial court can change the fate of the people with just a word. Aren't they as powerful as gods?

Faith, sacrifice, fate, Son of Heaven Energy. So that is the case. Everything is so simple. The cycle of the heavens and the difference between man and god is just like that. "

Gu Chensha felt that his spiritual sense had expanded like never before. In the depths of his consciousness, endless Yuan Shen power surged. All of a sudden, his spiritual sense was born again. He could now multitask 300,000 times at a time.

A long time ago, he could multitask 100,000 times at a time. However, as his cultivation and realm increased, he could gradually multitask 150,000 times at a time. Now, he suddenly understood the Dao of God, the Dao of the Imperial Court and the people, which was the Dao of Order, the Dao of Circulation, and the Dao of Yin and Yang. His spirit had actually doubled in strength. With such a huge spirit support, Gu Chensha's speed of forming the Golden Core doubled.

However, the Heaven and Earth Spiritual Qi in the Infernal Area was tainted with the demonic nature and needed to be purified. This was much more difficult than cultivating outside.

If it was an ordinary cultivator, they would not be able to absorb the demonic Qi in the Infernal Area. If they absorbed even a little, they would be demonized and become an existence that was neither human nor ghost. From then on, they would lose their sense of self and become a complete demon.

The Six Armed Snake Demon Ba Charm Demon Emperor was trembling with fear. He knelt on the ground and kowtowed continuously.

"Go. Bring more demons over."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "After you have made enough contributions, I will cleanse you of the demonic Qi. Then, you can go to my fief to cultivate, repair bridges and roads, and accumulate good deeds. Only then will you be able to get rid of your identity as a demon and be accepted by the Calming Immortal Department."

The Six Armed Snake Demon Ba Charm Demon hurriedly left. Those fiend subordinates were naturally sacrificed by Liu Yu and the others.

"This time, the Life's Wish Sphere has benefited greatly. It actually understood the Dao of God and the secret of the Son of Heaven Energy."

Gu Chensha looked at the pitch-black Infernal Area silently. Suddenly, he felt the aura of some Demon God experts.