Chapter 6
=========

Ferocious wolf howls came from the dense forest. A giant gray wolf fell into a trap and was hung up by a net.

Gu Chensha stabbed the giant wolf's throat with a dagger. Blood spurted out and fell on the green Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. He then cut his finger and the blood dripped down.

The shadow of a gray wolf appeared on the surface of the talisman and was absorbed into the green light. Deep in the talisman, a powerful force was injected into his body.

The sacrifice required the blood of living beings and oneself. This was recorded in many ancient history books. This way, the heavens could determine who the power of the sacrifice belonged to. Rip! His clothes instantly burst. Howl howl howl …

Gu Chensha let out a wolf-like howl, and the muscles on his body swelled and twisted like pythons that had come to life.

Out of nowhere, his whole body grew a few times larger, and his originally somewhat thin body became tall and sturdy. The strength of a wolf was much stronger than the strength of a chicken. An ordinary strong man might not be able to defeat an adult giant wolf. This was Nanshan, the hunting ground of the royal family.

The royal family had designated hundreds of miles of land as a hunting ground. There were countless beasts in it. Gu Chensha rarely came here because he was afraid that he would be killed and there would be no evidence.

But after obtaining the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, he needed sacrifices to increase his strength. He could not practice witchcraft in the palace.

In ancient times, beasts ran rampant and devoured humans. The ancient Emperor led the people to hunt beasts and offer sacrifices to the heavens. He prayed for the blessings of the people and finally, the human race became strong.

Gu Chensha naturally followed the example of the ancient Emperor. He killed beasts to offer sacrifices to the heavens.

He was well-read and knew that only virtuous people could possess treasures and artifacts. If one was not virtuous enough, the treasures would bring disaster.

For example, if the emperor was virtuous enough, the world would be at peace. If the emperor was perverse, the world would be in chaos and the emperor would become a subjugated country. He did not know what luck he had to obtain the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. But he was not arrogant enough to possess such an artifact.

This talisman was ordered by the heavens to control the four directions. Finally, it operated the Heavenly Dao and conferred the title of gods. How could it be a joke?

Black blood was forced out of his pores. His flesh and blood were like iron slag that had been twisted and forged into steel. The excess fat and the toxins that had accumulated in his body were all expelled from his body.

After a full hour, he finally recovered. His entire body was full of vigor and vitality. He clenched his fists slightly, and the bones in his body crackled. He took a step forward, and the ground sank slightly. He struck out with his palm. Ka-cha! The small tree, which was as thick as a bowl, was actually broken. His martial arts had already reached the second layer of the mortal realm. He could be called a "warrior."

The so-called 'scholar' referred to scholar-officials, which meant that they were superior to the common people.

After becoming a warrior, according to the rules set by the Emperor, the Prince could be conferred the title of Zhenguo General.

This was a rule set down by the emperor. Any prince who achieved success in martial arts could also be conferred a title. If a prince reached the peak of the fourth level of the mortal realm and made a great contribution, he could be conferred the title of a duke.

There was nothing special about the beginner of the first level of the mortal realm. He was just a martial artist. At the second level, one could be called a Samurai.

Those who had reached the third level of "Perfection" could be called a Master, and those who had reached the fourth level of "Reach the Peak" could be called a Grandmaster.

"It actually has the effect of cleansing one's body."

He looked at his hands with joy. "The palace has precious Marrow Cleansing Pills that can improve one's physique, but how can I get a reward? Now it seems that the power of the sacrifice is many times better than the Marrow Cleansing Pill. "

After taking the Marrow Cleansing Pill, one would have abdominal pain and diarrhea for three days. After that, one would need to take ginseng, antler, and other great tonics to recuperate for three months. Only then would one's body slowly become stronger. How could the effect be immediate? But after thinking about it, he understood that it was the power of the heavens. Although the Marrow Cleansing Pill was precious, how could it compare to the power of the heavens?

"With my current strength, I can hunt bears. Bears were the best sacrificial offerings in the ancient times. The ancient and famous You Xiong tribe was recorded in the history books. Sacrificing bears to the heavens would yield great rewards." Gu Chensha was familiar with the history books and recalled the sacrificial offerings of the ancient tribe. He decided to hunt bears.

In the past, his martial arts skills were mediocre, and it was inevitable that he would be ambushed when hunting alone. But now that he had reached the next level, he became bolder.

The power of a wolf in his body was indeed extraordinary. His movements were fast and fierce, and he could use some movement skills that he couldn't use in the past. Roar!

After traveling for an hour, his strength was still not exhausted. If it was in the past, he would be panting. A loud roar came from the front, and he immediately hid in the bushes. In the forest, there were two wild beasts fighting. One was a bear, and the other was a tiger.

"My luck is really good. I actually encountered such a thing?"

He was overjoyed. Recently, his luck was really good. Everything went smoothly. Now that his strength had increased, it was dangerous to deal with the violent bear. If the tiger and the bear fought each other and got injured, he could take advantage of them. Wouldn't that be great?

As expected, the bear and the tiger were covered in wounds and their strength was exhausted. The fierce tiger struggled to get up and left step by step, while the bear was panting heavily and couldn't move.

"Good chance!" Gu Chensha rushed out and aimed at the violent bear. His dagger slashed at its throat. Pa!

The violent bear didn't know where it got its strength from, but it stretched out its paw like a martial arts expert. It ruthlessly slapped Chu Feng's shoulder and knocked him to the ground.

Gu Chensha saw stars and almost fainted. Fortunately, he had just shaved his hair and cleansed his marrow, and his physique was greatly improved. He jumped up with a "Carp Jump" and stabbed out with his dagger, "Hundred Steps Piercing Willow". The dagger was like an arrow. Pu! The dagger pierced into the violent bear's eye. The violent bear fell to the ground. Gu Chensha immediately took out the "Heavenly Sacrifice Decree" and sacrificed the bear's soul.

The sacrifice had to be slaughtered on the spot, and the soul could be sacrificed to the heavens through the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree. If it was too long, the soul would be destroyed, and it would be meaningless. Ah …

The moment he sacrificed the violent bear, Gu Chensha's body was torn apart. His flesh was twisted by a huge force. It was as if he had been put into a meat grinder. He didn't know how long it took for him to calm down.

When he woke up, the sky was already dark. He quickly checked his body. Fortunately, all the wounds had disappeared. His skin was smooth and glossy like porcelain. It felt like a snake had swallowed an entire cow. He didn't need to eat for the entire winter.

Based on his intuition, he knew that he couldn't sacrifice anymore. Otherwise, his body would explode.

The most important thing now was to go back and train hard. He needed to digest his strength and raise his martial arts level before he could come again.

Sacrificing was a forceful infusion of strength. Gu Chensha's body had reached its limit, so he couldn't inject any more.

"I have the strength of a chicken, wolf, and bear in my body now. In terms of physique, I don't lose to a prince who has been taking nourishing pills for many years. Even my bones and blood are much purer. No matter how precious the medicine is, there will still be poison left in my body. But the power of the heavens will not have any impurities.

As long as I go back and train hard, I will be able to break through quickly. "Gu Chensha thought to himself. With a strong physique, training in martial arts would come naturally. Bang! Bang! Bang!

His body jumped and punched out consecutively. When he hit the trees, they exploded and splinters flew everywhere. He had the agility of a wolf and the calmness of a bear. He was like a wild beast, rampaging around.

"The strength of a bear and wolf is indeed not to be underestimated!"

Gu Chensha looked at his hands. He knew that in a day, he had surpassed ten years of training for others.

The sky was dark and the palace gates were locked. He couldn't go back, but it was not appropriate to stay in the mountains. Not to mention other beasts, even snakes, insects, rats, and ants couldn't stand it. Now that his strength had increased, he couldn't do anything to the poisonous insects in the forest. As for the prince's hunting, it wasn't a crime to not return at night.

The emperor encouraged the princes to practice martial arts and hunt. Every year, there would be a test, and the outstanding princes would be rewarded.

He left the mountains at night and didn't enter the city. He rested at an inn outside the city. He took a bath and changed his clothes. Looking at himself in the bronze mirror, he realized that his temperament had changed. His eyes were shining, his forehead was crystal clear, his shoulders were broad, and his face was steady.

This wasn't a good thing. Everyone in the palace was smart. How could they not see the change in his temperament?

Fortunately, he had been pretending to be crazy for many years and had some skills. After some practice, he could also pretend to be stupid and wretched.

After a busy day, he felt comfortable and full of energy. He didn't feel tired at all. Lying on the bed, his eyes shone brightly.

"I remember that in many books, the ancient emperors sacrificed to the heavens not only to gain strength. For example, there was an ancient emperor who fought with the devil and killed nine thousand demons. A divine sword actually fell from the heavens." Gu Chensha thought, "Looks like I have to look for various sacrificial techniques from the history books."

The power of the heavens created everything. The entire world, the sun, the moon, the stars, the earth, the mountains, and the rivers were all created by this inconceivable divine power. What else was impossible? Etiquette and sacrificial rituals were also a subject of study for the princes. The important things of the country were sacrificial rituals and rites. Gu Chensha had learned about all kinds of sacrificial rituals in the ancient times.

Using sacrificial rituals to gain strength was just the beginning. If one mastered the appropriate sacrificial techniques, everything would come true.

There were records in the history books that people sacrificed to ghosts and gods to gain gold and silver. There were even people who sacrificed to demons to gain beauties. There were all kinds of strange things.

Even the obscene sacrificial rituals were so magical, what more the sacrificial rituals to the heavens?

Obscene sacrificial rituals usually didn't have a good ending. They were controlled by the devil. In history, there was almost no one who used witchcraft as a sacrificial ritual. All of them had a tragic ending.

Proper sacrificial rituals didn't have those drawbacks. They were upright and righteous. They killed beasts to appease the people and imitated the morals of the ancient emperors. As for obscene sacrificial rituals, they used cruel methods such as virgin boys and girls. Next were the three animals and six animals.

But Gu Chensha didn't think it was advisable. The three animals and six animals had been domesticated by humans for many years and had contributed greatly. How could they bear to sacrifice them?

For example, cows worked hard and plowed the fields. When they died, their meat was eaten. If they were to be sacrificed and their souls were used as a trade, what difference was there between them and demons? As for the evil nature of beasts, it was different to devour humans.

"Benevolence, righteousness, etiquette, and law are all about order. What is order? Good for good, evil for evil. Kindness is rewarded and evil is punished. The law is strict. "

Gu Chensha thought about sacrificial rituals and gained a lot of insight. It was as if his soul had become lively. This kind of enlightenment was also beneficial to his martial arts. Three months passed in the blink of an eye. Gu Chensha practiced boxing in the forest.

"Black Tiger Steals Heart!" His fists were like the wind. He used the most ordinary moves.

After repeated practice, his mind became ethereal and he gradually became able to turn the ordinary into the magical.

Black Tiger Steals Heart was the most simple move, but it also contained many variations. The key was the word "dig".

There were "dig", "real dig", "horizontal dig", "vertical dig", "up dig", "down dig", "Yin dig", and "Yang dig".

When using this move, one could control the weight and weight of the move freely. Fake and real, and the flow of Yin and Yang. This was the realm of perfection. One could also be called a martial arts master.

Gu Chensha was just a beginner. He had become a martial artist after obtaining the strength of a bear and wolf. After three months of hard training, he had finally familiarized himself with the power.

He made continuous improvements and vaguely stepped into the third level of the mortal realm, "perfection", becoming a martial arts master. .....