Chapter 280
===========

"With our current cultivation bases, we can't shake Aunt Hu's Nascent Soul. We can only suppress the Book of Heavenly Yao and slowly wear down the seal and vital energy." The Black Tortoise opened its mouth and swallowed the Book of Heavenly Yao.

"Let's put this matter aside for now."

The Fourth frowned. "If Aunt Hu can help us, we have at least a seventy percent chance of opening the Book of Heavenly Yao, obtaining the treasures within, and refining the souls of the other divine beasts." "This Aunt Hu has ulterior motives. She can't be trusted.

If Zhuge Ya becomes a Lord of Seven Stars and cultivates for a while longer, then the five of us should be able to suppress Aunt Hu with ease. "

Gu Chensha stood up. "But that's all useless talk. First, we need to open the Book of Heavenly Yao and protect Zhuge Ya as the Lord of Seven Stars. Do we really have to use Father's Death-Exemption Talisman? "

"It's best not to use it if we can. His Majesty is in seclusion, and we'll need it for many other things in the future. There will be many calamities in the future. Besides, Zhuge Ya hasn't displayed his true loyalty. It's best to keep a trump card." Lou Baiyue had some things to consider.

"Then there's nothing we can do to prepare. We can only defend and wait for Zhuge Ya to fuse with his Seven Stars Profound Truths."

The Fourth thought about it. He'd prepared most of the things he needed to prepare in the past two months. Now, all he had to do was wait.

"I'll also give orders to the businesses around the fiefdom to prevent experts from appearing and causing damage."

Gu Chensha's fiefdom was currently flourishing. Magic treasures, alchemy, medicine, farming, livestock, and other businesses were divided into different business districts that spanned thousands of kilometers. The prosperity of this place had already surpassed that of the capital.

"We have to be careful."

Lou Baiyue warned, "It wasn't easy for you to manage this fiefdom. Now that it's flourishing like this, we can't let it go to waste."

Gu Chensha's figure flickered as he left his residence and headed toward the surrounding business districts. His first destination was Bao Ming 'er's palace.

Ever since he had an open and honest discussion with Bao Ming 'er, she had revealed Gu Huo's secret. Now, she had completely cooperated with him. She had opened a branch, recruited disciples, forged treasures, and created puppets. She was doing very well.

When Gu Chensha arrived, Bao Ming 'er was cultivating and refining puppets on the altar in the depths of the palace.

Bao Ming 'er's altar was octagonal in shape. It was forged from the finest jade stone mixed with the essence of five metals. It was densely covered with divinatory diagrams and stars. The array formation was faintly discernible. It was extremely brilliant.

On top of the altar was a dark golden creature. It was thumb-sized and lifelike. It looked like an ant, but it also looked like a golden silkworm. It also looked like some kind of strange insect. It seemed to be a real living creature, but it was also a puppet magical treasure.

Bao Ming 'er channeled her Connate Gang Qi into the dark gold strange worm and kept modifying it. She molded its meridians and carved formations so that it could automatically absorb Spirit Qi and store it. Gradually, it gained spirituality. Gu Chensha found that the strange worm's aura was extremely strange.

"This is the Worm of Heaven and Earth that our Great Wei Dynasty uses for battle and construction. If we can refine tens of thousands, or even hundreds of thousands of them, their construction ability will far exceed that of the gods of nature. Their fighting ability is not weak either. They can eat through all things and melt them in their bodies, gradually producing Black Yellow True Gold."

Bao Ming 'er said, "Not only that, these ants have unfathomable uses. They can eat Connate Gang Qi, and even the mental and Primordial Spirit of cultivators.

This is a new species that the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor has recently cultivated using a supreme technique. It is a puppet and a living creature, and it breeds extremely quickly. Even the Dragon Emperor himself feels that if this insect is released into the forest, all living things will be doomed. "

"It's that amazing?" Gu Chensha's heart shook. The Great Wei Dynasty had brewed such a powerful thing, and it was clearly targeted at the Yongchō.

The Black Yellow Dragon Emperor was a natural saint. He was ambitious, and his cultivation was extremely high. He was comparable to a true ancient saint, and even gods were not his match.

"This Worm of Heaven and Earth is not as simple as you think it is."

Bao Ming 'er observed. "I only have one, and I need to use my own Connate Gang Qi and my own mental energy to cultivate it. As long as this worm is excited, it can devour spiritual energy, flesh, and soul on its own to breed. From there, it will cover the sky and land, and cause a worm disaster."

"This should be the greatest secret of the Great Wei Dynasty. Why are you telling me?" Gu Chensha wanted to see if this worm was really that powerful.

"Because I want to use your Buzhou Palace to activate this worm.

I want to share the secret with you. The most difficult thing about this worm is that it is difficult to activate. Your Buzhou Palace is a secret factory used by the Son of Heaven to make weapons, puppets, and treasures. If you use it well, perhaps we can all see the secret of this worm. "Bao Ming 'er looked at the Worm of Heaven and Earth with some fear.

"I'm afraid the situation is not that simple."

Gu Chensha smiled. "Since this worm was cultivated by the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, it must contain supreme intelligence. It will not be easy to see through it."

"If I can activate this worm, then it will produce thousands of little worms. Not only will my battle power increase greatly, but I can also create Black Yellow True Gold. This will increase my ability to refine treasures tenfold, and I can transform the mountains and rivers here. Other than that, these Worms of Heaven and Earth can also be used as livestock. They are much stronger than the six thousand-year-old bone demons," Bao Ming 'er said.

"I'm afraid that this bug of yours was not given to you by the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor. You must have stolen it. If it was really a reward, it would not be so difficult to activate it." Gu Chensha guessed at something.

"I really can't hide anything from you."

Bao Ming 'er's expression changed, then returned to normal. "It's all because of you that my family was reprimanded by the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor." "Is it because of what happened to Gu Huo?" Gu Chensha asked.

"That's right. You took Gu Huo's Golden Core, but you did not kill him. You even let him go. Did you already plan to let him go back and tell on me, forcing me to submit to you?" Bao Ming 'er frowned.

"To be honest, I also have the same thoughts. Of course, the most important thing is that Gu Calamity created the Nine Disaster Transformation Divine Art. It is a response to the Bane Star. In the future, the person who reincarnates the Bane Star might want to obtain it from him. Moreover, even if he re-cultivates to the Gold Core Realm, his every move is still in my grasp …" Gu Chensha suddenly realized that he had lost the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman and could no longer control Gu Calamity.

Back then, he had used the Sacrificial Sun and Moon to control Gu Huo's every move through the Sacrificial Sun and Moon Altar. Now, that was no longer possible.

"Now, my faction and family are having a hard time in the Great Wei Dynasty. Luckily, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor is in seclusion, so we have a breather."

Bao Ming 'er naturally would not fall out with Gu Chensha because of this. "Anyway, if you can help me now, not only will you benefit, but I will also be able to gain a foothold." "I will definitely help you, but not now."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "In a few days, when I finish something important, I will help you. I can even help your family strengthen their foundations. Even the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor cannot stop your family from rising. Perhaps your family can replace the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor and become the ruler of the Great Wei Dynasty." Gu Chensha's voice was very tempting. He was also trying to recruit Bao Ming 'er.

"Are you trying to recruit me and the family behind me? Betray the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor and the Great Wei Dynasty? "

Bao Ming 'er smiled slightly. "If you want to recruit me completely, that's fine. Help me become an unparalleled genius, and I will submit to you and become your subordinate. How about that?

That Gu Tanjian tried to recruit me, and the price was a Dragon Creation Elixir, which could also help me become an unparalleled genius. " "I knew it."

Gu Chensha seemed to have calculated all of this. "You are on good terms with me, and you have an important position in this fief. I will definitely try to recruit you."

Bao Ming 'er was an outstanding disciple of the Myriad Treasures Mysterious Gate, and she was also the Dragon Lord of the Great Wei Dynasty. She had a powerful family behind her, and she could be said to be a proud daughter of heaven.

She and Gu Chensha worked together and used their own resources to open up a huge trade route. They sold some of the resources in the fief to the Great Wei Dynasty, and then bought resources from the Great Wei Dynasty to transport to the fief. As time went by, Gu Chensha's fief became rich, and Bao Ming 'er reaped great benefits.

In addition, Long Yuyun had also used her connections to open up a business relationship with the Myriad Treasures Mysterious Sect.

The Myriad Treasures Mysterious Sect mainly refined dharma treasures, and jade was the most expensive of all materials. The jade in the Baoyu Nation was almost endless. As long as they could open up a trade route, they could obtain endless wealth from the Immortal Dao.

In addition, after Gu Chensha obtained the Buzhou Palace, any materials that were slightly processed and refined through the Buzhou Palace would become peerless treasures that were not inferior to natural treasures. Bao Ming 'er benefited even more.

Although Bao Ming 'er had not yet entered the Calmness Immortal Department, many people with discerning eyes believed that she would enter the Calmness Immortal Department sooner or later.

What kind of person was Gu Tanjian? He was sinister and ruthless. He had long planned to recruit people. However, Bao Ming 'er seemed to see that Gu Chensha was more valuable, so she had not agreed.

Gu Chensha did not need to investigate these little tricks. He could guess them with a little thought.

"But I do not have the means to turn you into an unparalleled prodigy." Gu Chensha really did not have that ability now.

"If I am not wrong, your current aptitude is that of an unparalleled prodigy. If you can turn yourself, you can turn me." Bao Ming 'er did not believe it.

Gu Chensha smiled bitterly. When he became an unparalleled prodigy, the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman was still there. He had also borrowed all of Gu Huo's edicts. It was equivalent to him stealing the Emperor's Qi from the Great Wei Dynasty and the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor. That was why he had used the Heavenly Sacrifice to forcibly increase his aptitude to that of an unparalleled prodigy. Even with the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman in hand, he did not have that much Emperor's Qi.

"I am not lying to you."

Gu Chensha's tone was sincere. "I changed my fate and became an unparalleled prodigy. That was a fortuitous encounter that could not be sought out. However, if you want to change your aptitude, it is not impossible. " "What opportunity? To cooperate with Gu Tanjian? "

Bao Ming 'er smiled faintly. "However, this person is sinister and ruthless. There is a terrifying existence behind him. If I cooperate with him, I will inevitably fall into his trap."