Chapter 769
===========

"How dare you!" "Damn it!" "Let go of Lin Feng!" "Gu Chensha, you will die a horrible death!"

Maha Linfeng's body was ignited by Gu Chensha's spell. Instantly, all the experts of the Maha Family were shocked and enraged. All of them attacked.

Maha Liang was the number one expert with a cultivation of 36 Dao Realm. He was at the pinnacle of Embodiment Transformation and was the first to make a move. With a slight movement of his body, a beam of light shot towards Gu Chensha. Within that beam of light, many golden demonic gods appeared. Every single one of them wasn't huge, like a grain of sand. However, the aura of every single one of them was equivalent to a Deity. This was Maha Liang's spell and treasure. It was called the Maha Myriad Demon God Dao Seeking River.

These golden devil-gods were the size of grains of sand. They weren't illusions, but real devil-gods. Back in the day, God Mahākāśyapa had suppressed Purgatory. Who knew how many Gods of the devil race had refused to submit to him, but they had all been killed.

After the Devil Race's God-ranked experts were killed, their souls, flesh, and blood were refined into treasures. After tens of thousands of years, they accumulated like sand in a river. In the end, they were refined generation after generation, becoming the strongest treasure in the World of Maha, the Maha Myriad Deities Dao-Seeking River. To protect Maha Linfeng, Maha Liang knew that he had to use his strongest attack. Thus, he injected his World Energy into it and attacked Gu Chensha.

Maha Linfeng's aptitude was that of a Natural Born Saint. In the Devil Race, he held a high position, just like Abandoned Demon.

Those who were born with the aptitude to become Saints were existences that would definitely become Saints in the future. A Saint was an existence that stood at the pinnacle of any family or faction. What was even more amazing was that after a Saint died, they could temporarily manifest their spirit through sacrifices and display their divine might. This also meant that as long as the sacrifices continued, a Saint would never die.

Not to mention a Natural Born Saint disciple, any family would do their best to protect even geniuses and geniuses. Moreover, Maha Linfeng was close to becoming a God. He had great luck on him.

In this era of fortuitous encounters, Maha Linfeng would soon become a Saint. In the future, there would be even more fortuitous encounters. It was so much so that his sacrifice was the key to rescuing God Maha.

The sacrificial power of a natural-born Saint and a person with great luck was definitely not to be underestimated.

For example, Fa Wuxian's sacrifice back then had played a major role in the resurrection of the Dharma Saint.

A natural-born Saint Priest was almost equivalent to thousands of ordinary Priests. Their power was dozens of times greater, and the quality of the Priest was also thousands of times better. If it was the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha's sacrifice, he could directly revive the Sage. Of course, Gu Chensha's sacrifice was almost done.

After subduing the Heavenly Designer Institute and dealing with the hidden dangers, he would revive Chang Yuzhou. To the World of Maha, the Wind of Maha couldn't die.

The reason why the Immortal Master betrothed Gu Huan Sha to Maha Linfeng was firstly because of Maha Linfeng's innate talent as a Sage. Of course, the main reason was because of the great luck that Maha Linfeng possessed. All the members of the Maha Clan attacked Gu Chensha together.

Gu Chensha had a smile on his face and didn't seem to care. Suddenly, a vortex appeared on his body. This vortex was pitch-black in color, as though it was the darkness from before the birth of the universe. This vortex of darkness revolved slightly and absorbed all the attacks. Moreover, it even wrapped around the Maha Pantheon River of Demons and Gods. To Gu Chensha, this magic treasure was very valuable.

If he kept this magic treasure, he would be able to refine the demon god's flesh and soul through his Heavenly Dao Arts. He would be able to refine even more common people generals.

The vast essence, qi, and spirit contained in the Maha Pantheon River of Demons and Gods was enough for him to refine more than a thousand common people generals.

The World of Maha was indeed a family that was on the same level as the Heavenly Devil Race in the Demon Domain. They were also known as the Devil Emperor Race. The richness of their foundation wasn't something that other families could compare to.

Gu Chensha suspected that even if all the families in the Central Divine Continent were combined, they still wouldn't be able to compare to the Maha Clan. Rumble!

The Maha Pantheon River of Demons and Gods was completely suppressed and pulled. It couldn't cause any damage to Gu Chensha.

All the experts of the Maha Clan attacked, but the power of their attacks was instead nourished and replenished Gu Chensha's energy.

If it was in the past, Gu Chensha would probably be at a disadvantage if he fought Maha Liang alone. But now, with so many experts of the Maha Clan attacking at the same time, he was taking a stroll in the park. Even if it was an attack from a dimensional realm, it was still useless against him. He still hadn't used the power of the little Hong Meng Tree. If he did, these people would die here.

More importantly, the power of the little Hong Meng Tree wasn't Gu Chensha's strongest power. Gu Chensha's killing move was the 100th layer of the Divine Prefecture Art, which drew upon the power of the divine prefecture.

The power of the divine prefecture even surpassed the Great Thousand Realms. It could suppress the sun, moon, and the universe, and was only below the power of the Celestial Realm. It was a super divine power that stood between the Celestial Realm and Divine Origin Realm. Moreover, the power of the Central Divine Continent had a certain uniqueness to it.

This uniqueness was the center of the myriad realms, the center of the Celestial Realm, or even the center of the universe. From a certain perspective, the Central Divine Continent didn't belong to the Celestial Realm, but to the myriad realms.

Of course, Gu Chensha hadn't come here to kill the people of the Maha Clan, but to subdue the Celestial Designer Institute and make it operate according to the ideals of the Celestial Calmness Department.

Of course, the output of the Celestial Designer Institute wouldn't change. It would just be internal reform. Whoosh …

The Maha Deities Seeking River was sucked in by the vortex on Gu Chensha's body before it broke free from Maha Liang's control and entered Gu Chensha's body. In that instant, Maha Liang, the number one expert of the Maha Clan, had a drastic change in his expression.

This was because he could feel that even if he stimulated the strength of his dimensional realm in secret, it would still be useless. The strength of his dimensional realm simply had no effect on Gu Dusha. In other words, Gu Chensha had completely disregarded the suppression of the dimensional realm.

"Argh …"

Maha Linfeng's screams continued to ring out as his cultivation base, talent, treasure, essence, energy, and soul were all extracted by Gu Chensha using the Banish Immortal technique.

In the end, he was turned into an ordinary person, just like Fa Wuxian. He had lost everything, and he couldn't even walk. He collapsed to the ground.

Gu Chensha wouldn't kill, but he would strip the other party of their cultivation, talent, and even luck, turning them into an ordinary person.

Take Fa Wuxian for example. He had a torrential luck, and he could even fly over when he encountered treasures. But ever since he was stripped by Gu Chensha, he became ordinary and didn't have any fortuitous encounters.

Generally speaking, it was possible for experts to strip the cultivation and even the memories of their enemies. However, stripping away luck and luck was simply unheard of. Only a freak of Gu Chensha's level could do this.

Otherwise, there wouldn't have been any Children of Destiny in history who grew stronger the more they fought. There were some youngsters with heaven-defying luck who couldn't be killed no matter what they fought. Every time they fought, they would grow stronger and stronger, and in the end, they would kill the Children of Destiny.

But these Children of Destiny had no use against Gu Chensha. Directly stripping away their luck, they wouldn't have any fortuitous encounters in the future.

All of Maha Linfeng's cultivation, aptitude, magic treasures, and fate condensed into an auspicious cloud that gathered on Gu Chensha's palm. In the end, it continuously circulated and turned into a talisman. Gu Chensha stored this talisman away. He would use it to cultivate his subordinates.

In the future, as long as he placed this talisman into his subordinates, they would immediately obtain Maha Linfeng's cultivation, talent, luck, and luck.

"Your attacks are useless against me. Even if it's a dimensional realm, I don't care. Unless you have the power of the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Chensha, then you won't be able to injure me. I know that the Immortal Master must have a powerful trump card. I want to see it today. "Gu Chensha said," Sister, what do you think? Did you heave a sigh of relief in the depths of your heart after I crippled the Maha Linfeng? How about this, how about I choose a husband for you? How about I choose a husband for my royal sister?

Mister Zhuge Ya, the Lord of Seven Stars of our Calming Immortal Agency's military advisor, is a man of unfathomable wisdom, tyrannical methods, and a meticulous strategist. Furthermore, he has an exalted status. It's only natural for him to marry you, Imperial Sister. Imperial Sister, please don't refuse. " "You!" Gu Huan Sha's face was blood red as if she was enraged. "Gu Chensha, you've gone too far!

Do you really think that no one in this world can do anything to you just because you've cultivated to the God Realm? How could you be so deranged as to do this? "

"Imperial Sister, you misunderstand," Gu Chensha said, waving his hand dismissively. "Could it be that you think the Lord of Seven Stars of the Celestial Calmness Department isn't worthy of you?

Royal Sister, you should know that Zhuge Ya isn't just a Lord of Seven Stars. He's a double Lord of Seven Stars. If I cultivate him in the future, he might even become a Divergent and eventually become a Celestial. The chances of that happening are over 90%. Isn't that countless times better than the Wind of Mahānata? " "Sure." Suddenly, a voice was heard. The Immortal Master had appeared. She waved her sleeve, wrapping up Wind of Mahānata so that Gu Chensha wouldn't actually kill him.

"Mother." At this moment, Gu Huan Sha called out.

"Oh? The Immortal Master has finally appeared? "

Gu Chensha looked at the Immortal Master, a smile still on his face. "Has the Immortal Master agreed to my plan to reform the Celestial Designer Institute?"

"We'll talk about reforming the Celestial Designer Institute later. I mean, you were the matchmaker just now. Was that the Lord of Seven Stars' idea? The Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, has taken a fancy to my daughter? Does he want to become a relative of the imperial family? "

The Immortal Master changed the subject. "If that's the Lord of Seven Stars' idea, then I can agree to it. We'll slowly reorganize the Celestial Designer Institute and the Celestial Calmness Department. What do you say?" .....