Chapter 312
===========

Apart from that, there was also the Nether Armor Demon.

The Dark Armored Great Demon was no different from a human. Its entire body was wrapped in a shell. The dark golden shell was grown by itself, and the interior was similar to a human body. The Nether Armored Great Demon looked like a human wrapped in Horned Dragon Armor. However, the Nether Armored Great Demon also had wings on its back that allowed it to fly.

The Nether Armor Demon was the commander of the demon army. Each one of them was so strong that even a Dao Realm Third or Fourth Transformation expert wouldn't be able to deal with them.

One Nether Armor Demon commanded many Sheep-head Monsters, Mountain-head Monsters, Horse-head Monsters, Bat-head Monsters, and even Blazing Monsters. Moreover, the Nether Armor Demon's natural armor was actually a good material for crafting armor.

If Gu Chensha were to forge a Nether Armor Great Devil, he would definitely be able to forge a suit of armor that could rival the Great Dragon Armor.

Gu Chensha's cultivation was shocking and when he used his Xiantian Earth Energy to form a rope, he could stretch 100 miles out.

Back when Gu Chensha was building a mansion on a mountain in Wuzhou, the Innate Gang Qi swept through the entire mountain and transformed it into a huge palace. The degree of movement of the Innate Gang Qi almost stunned the green and white snakes.

But now, Gu Chensha's Earth Energy was even stronger. He was at peak Dao Realm Fourteenth Transformation and could use the power of the soul. After many comprehensions, his Earth Energy circulation was really shocking. Just now, with just a thought, the Innate Stellar Energy automatically flew out.

After cultivating the soul to leave the body, the Xiantian Earth Energy contained the will of the soul and was much more agile. It was like an incarnation of the body.

"This Prince is really amazing."

The two brothers looked on and were extremely shocked. During these few days, they hadn't seen Gu Chensha show his true strength.

Now that he suddenly appeared, they saw tens of thousands of streaks of Xiantian Earth Energy shoot out from Gu Chensha's body. In just a few breaths, the nearby bushes were filled with captured monsters. At such a speed, no matter how many monsters there were, they would all be captured.

"Seven Colored Demon Vine, absorb."

Gu Chensha once again sent a large amount of astral energy into the demonic vine. The demonic vine's tentacles once again stabbed into the bodies of the fiends.

Now, the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine had hundreds of tentacles, and each tentacle was several miles long. In other words, the creatures within several miles could not escape the attack of this demonic vine.

After half an hour, the thousands of monsters that Gu Chensha had captured were once again absorbed by the Seven-Coloured Demonic Vine.

After the Vampiric Demon Vine evolved into a Seven-Colored Demonic Vine, its absorption ability had greatly increased. Crack!

The Ximen brothers even saw three Nether Armor Great Devils being absorbed by the demonic vines. Even their thick shells seemed to have softened as they were absorbed by the vines.

The seven-colored demonic vine had now grown to a height of a hundred feet, and the tentacles of the demonic vine were tens of miles long.

"I'm afraid we won't be a match for this demonic vine," said the two Ximen brothers.

"Armor Derivation!" Gu Chensha urged. At this time, two sets of armor appeared on the treetop.

The armor was dark gold in color, but there were many shining stars within. There were also dragon roars. The armor moved and wings grew out from its back.

The Seven-Colored Demonic Vine had absorbed three Nether Armor Great Devils and it had actually formed an armor on the tree.

"These two armors are no weaker than the Great Dragon Armor. After normal people wear them, they can fly really quickly and no evil can harm them. Experts below Dao Realm Transformation Five won't be able to break them." Gu Chensha pointed at the two armors and gave them to the two Ximen brothers.

"King, you can't. How can we accept such precious items?" The two Ximen brothers rejected.

"The two of you should be rewarded for defending this place."

Gu Chensha said, "There is no need to be so polite. Moreover, this isn't precious to me. The Vampiric Demon Vine has been refined into the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine. As long as it absorbs the essence blood and souls of these monsters, it will be able to form all sorts of things."

Not only could the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine form the Seven-Colored Essence Fruit, but it could also form all sorts of things based on Gu Chensha's techniques. For example, if it absorbed the metal weapons, it could even form flying swords on the tree.

The Heaven Monster Book recorded how amazing the Heaven Monster Tree was. How could something created by the ancient Monster Race Saint from comprehending the Hongmeng Tree be ordinary?

After two months of hard work, Gu Chensha had evolved the Vampiric Demon Vine into the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine. He had some confidence in suppressing the monsters here. At least, he could obtain many benefits. The two Ximen brothers accepted the two armors and flipped them around in love.

Gu Chensha sat beneath the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine and refined it repeatedly, allowing it to digest the essence blood of the thousands of monsters it had absorbed.

The roots of the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine became bigger and bigger. It stabbed deeper and deeper into the ground and gave off an invincible aura.

Gu Chensha comprehended the mysteries of this technique. He rotated his body and realized that there were many areas where the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine could merge with his body.

My Sun-Moon Dragon Body is extremely powerful now, but the Heaven Monster Book recorded an even stronger body than the Sun-Moon Dragon Body. That is the Primordial Chaos Sacred Body.

In the past two months, Gu Chensha cultivated without the assistance of the Dragon Gate and any Dharma treasures. He suppressed the Sea of Sin and sorted out all his previous cultivation techniques again. At the same time, he memorized the various mystic techniques recorded in the Heaven Monster Book. Through the practice of refining the Vampiric Demon Vine, he could perform the scenes of demons from the Primordial World in his sea of consciousness with a little meditation.

Although the mystic techniques contained in the Heaven Monster Book were Demonic Dao, there were also primordial secrets in them.

The Primordial Chaos Sacred Body was not achieved through cultivation. Instead, one had to obtain the fruit of the Primordial Chaos Tree, swallow it, refine it, and comprehend its mysteries. Then, one's entire body would become an existence similar to the Primordial Chaos Tree.

Of course, it was far inferior to the real Primordial Chaos Tree, but it also had the characteristics of the Primordial Chaos Tree. Even a true Sage was as insignificant as a grain of sand compared to the Primordial Chaos Tree.

The greatest secret in the Heaven Monster Book was actually the method to condense the Heaven Monster Tree. It contained some information about the Primordial Chaos Tree.

In this way, on the surface, Gu Chensha was refining the Heaven Monster Tree, but in reality, he was using the Heaven Monster Tree's advancement to understand the secrets of the Primordial Chaos Tree. At the same time, he was combining the structure of the Primordial Chaos Tree with the Sun-Moon Dragon Body, pushing his physical body to a terrifying level.

At this moment, during the process of the Vampiric Demon Vine's evolution into the Rainbow Demon Vine, Gu Chensha had also changed his body's acupoints, dantian's sea of qi, and even his sea of consciousness, making them more solid. He was exploring the structure of the Primordial Chaos Tree and evolving himself to become stronger. Refining Dharma treasures was one thing, but more importantly, his own cultivation.

The Tranquil Fairy Bureau had Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, Zhuge Ya, Jin Suibo, and others in charge, so there were no mistakes.

Especially Zhuge Ya. After recovering his identity as the Lord of Seven Stars, he had deep plans for everything. He could definitely suppress the National Fortune Party, the Scenic Martial Chamber of Commerce, the Hongyun Games, and other organizations. Even the Heavenly Designer Institute would be suppressed.

"If the Rainbow Demon Vine absorbs a lot of souls and blood essence, it can transform into the Ghost-God's Touch. At that time, I can rely on my own enlightenment to see through some of the secrets of the Primordial Chaos Holy Body. Although I can't become a real Primordial Chaos Holy Body, it won't be a problem to expand my dantian's sea of qi and my sea of consciousness." Gu Chensha was constantly pondering the mysteries of cultivation. This was the strength of a true cultivator. Always thinking, always striving for self-improvement. He would never be lazy and would always strive for perfection.

While he was cultivating the Heavenly Demon Tree in the Bottomless Sea of Sin, high up in the sky, two people were lurking in the depths of a cloud.

They were a man and a woman. The woman was none other than Wu Dangkong, sitting upright in the clouds. The thick clouds concealed her entire body. The man's face was somewhat similar to Gu Chensha's, and he was dressed like a prince.

This prince was actually the most mysterious Second Prince, Gu Xuansha, who had never shown up in the court.

"Your Highness, did you ask me out today for the details of the cooperation between the Hongyun Games and our Jingwu Chamber of Commerce?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"Cooperation is a small matter."

There was a mysterious smile on Gu Xuansha's face. "I know that you have been collecting souls like crazy recently. It seems that you are practicing a secret method. I also need a lot of souls to refine a magic weapon. Therefore, let's cooperate and come to the place where the seal of the Bottomless Sea of Sin is broken to capture demons. First, we can help the Great Yongchō Court eliminate demons. Second, we can find out the truth about Gu Chensha. What do you think?"

Both of them were experts with extremely high realms. Their cultivations were above the Eighteen Changes of Dao Realm. Naturally, they could see everything within thousands of miles, even tens of thousands of miles of mountains and rivers.

In their eyes, they could see the edge of the cliff of the Bottomless Sea of Sin. Within a small area of dozens of miles, the Seven-colored Demonic Vine planted by Gu Chensha was constantly absorbing the blood and souls of demons.

"The Marquis of Zhenhai invited this person to suppress the demons in the Bottomless Sea of Sin. This person is really powerful. He actually used the demons to refine the strongest magic weapon in the Book of Heavenly Demon, the Heavenly Demon Tree." Wu Dangkong looked at Gu Chensha with deep hatred in his eyes.

"It's not that easy to refine the Heavenly Demon Tree. Even the Great Ancient Demons had to kill countless living beings and experience thousands of years before they could refine it. This treasure is too heaven-defying. During the refining process, there will be layers of tribulations."

Gu Xuansha stared at the Seven-colored Demonic Vine below and seemed to have some ideas. "But Nineteenth Brother's cultivation is really powerful. Although he is at the Fourteen Changes of Dao Realm, I think he may even kill an expert of the Eighteen Changes."

"His Sea of Qi, the Innate Gang Qi in his Sea of Consciousness, and the strength of his Spirit are comparable to ours. You have to know that we are so many realms higher than him. "

Wu Dangkong frowned. "The seal in the center of the Bottomless Sea of Sin is gradually breaking. There are extremely powerful demons lurking in it. I'm afraid we can't go in and kill them."

"So Nineteenth Brother is very careful. He only catches some weak demons and will not go deep into the center." Gu Xuansha praised. "He is a talent. He will be one of my future opponents.

I originally thought that among my brothers, the Fourth was the only opponent. I didn't expect Nineteenth Brother to join us. "