Chapter 700
===========

"Heavenly Lord, Heavenly Longevity, Heavenly Essence, Heavenly Realm, Heavenly Dao.

These five levels are the most ancient of realms. We have only just reached the Heavenly Longevity Realm and are unable to advance any further. The Heaven Origin Realm is the Primordial Tree, the Desolate Dragon Gate, the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, and the many other great worlds. As for the ancient Heavenly Realm, it is the Land of Infinity, the Endless World.

As for the Heavenly Dao, it is in charge of all time and space, all existence, all power, all cause and effect, all laws, all fate. It is an unfathomable, unfathomable, and unmeasurable existence.

It is possible for us to reach the Heavenly Essence Realm, but the Heavenly Realm is basically beyond our reach. In many ancient worlds, the Land of Infinity is called the Heavenly Realm. "

The Immortal Master also knew countless secrets. "That is why the Emperor who can control the Central Plains is called the Son of Heaven."

The Endless Mainland, the Endless World … The Endless Mainland was expanding endlessly, with no other world being able to compare with it. It contained an endless amount of secrets, as well as an endless amount of space. Even though Immortal Master Wan and the Immortal Master were two ancient existences who could traverse through time and space, they were unable to traverse through the entire Endless Mainland.

Therefore, the power of the Land of Infinity completely surpassed the Sacrificial Talisman, Hongmeng Tree, Raging Dragon Gate, and other worlds in the Heavenly Essence Realm. It had reached the Heavenly Realm. In truth, it was very likely that there was only one Heavenly Realm existence in the Myriad Heavens. This was the Land of Infinity. It was also the Heavenly Realm.

The power of Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master was just a drop in the ocean compared to the Land of Infinity.

"Let us talk about dealing with the Vast World in the future."

The Immortal Master continued, "First, we have to think of a way to accept the population and fate of the Great Wei Dynasty. Otherwise, if the Heavenly Yellow Dragon Emperor's painstaking efforts were to be accepted by the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong, they would fall into the hands of the Calming Immortal Department. The Calming Immortal Department already controls close to 20 billion people in the Yongchō. If they accept the 50 billion people of the Great Wei Dynasty, they would immediately swell. You should know that the people of the Calming Immortal Department are skilled in the way of governance. Who knows, they might even create more Marshal of the Common People.

"How is it so easy to refine more Common People's Generals?"

Wan Senshi said, "The essence of these Great Generals of the People is actually the Heavenly Weapons of the Great Emperors forged by Yuan Gu, Putuo, and Dou Sheng. Gu Chensha, this little thing, forcefully snatched them away, and in the end, they reached such a realm. It will be very difficult to create them again."

"It might not be impossible. After all, this lad has already mastered the Heavenly Dao Art. Once he advances to the Divine level, he'll be able to create miracles that we can't even imagine.

Moreover, even now, the Yongchō Court has 20 billion people, plus the Great Wei Dynasty has 50 billion people, that's 70 billion people. 360 Marshals of the Common People can definitely manage it. "

Celestial Head analyzed solemnly, "Common People's General is at Dao Realm 29 Transformation and has comprehended Chaos Realm. Moreover, he is Grade Five of the True Dragon Technique. He is totally at the level of a Saint. His ability to do things, combat ability, and comprehension ability were all natural saints.

Moreover, there is one more thing which is that they manage government affairs and are supported by the fate of the world.

Very quickly, there will be new changes. Moreover, that little fellow Gu Chensha is really skilled. He arranged for people to write novels, songs, and all sorts of poems to promote the Common People's General's indifference and incorruptibility. This way, it will create a trend of thought, which is what the people are thinking.

Under such a subtle influence, the internal changes of the Common People's General are not something that you and I can predict. " "I also thought of this."

Wan Senshi's tone was a little emotional, "If it is in the empires outside of the Central Plains, then even 200 billion people wouldn't be as useful as the 20 billion people in the Central Plains. This is because everyone born in the Central Plains has spirituality that far surpasses people born anywhere else. It's just that they haven't activated it yet."

"Now that the Central Plains has many fortuitous encounters, many people's spirituality will be activated. As long as the Calming Celestial Department can control the situation and control these people, then the country's fate will be endless.

This is why my Celestial Designer Department is planning to defend against the expansion of the Calming Celestial Department. Otherwise, there will be unpredictable consequences in the future. "

Celestial Head said, "Unfortunately, Gu Taxian left something up his sleeves. He placed that golden token in Lou Baiyue's hands so that we don't dare to act rashly."

"Gu Taxian's golden token is at least on the same level as the Heaven Sacrifice Decree. It might even be higher. It's just that the people from the Calming Celestial Department can't use it."

Wan Senshi said, "If it weren't for that golden token, I would have already completely destroyed the Calming Celestial Department. Even the defenses of a dimensional realm wouldn't be able to stop us."

"That is indeed the case. This dimensional realm of the Common People's Wish sphere is still a little too weak and it simply can't resist our infiltration. Our dimensional realm has accumulated a vast amount of energy and can completely crush it. But now, it's extremely difficult. With an Empyrean like the King of Common People presiding over this dimensional realm, and the power of the Black Tortoise, the Black Tortoise, and the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermillion Bird, and the Black Tortoise, not only have the Five Elements reached perfection, but they have also obtained the thrones of three True Divinities. Like this, they have formed the three complete destinies of fortune, prosperity, longevity, and the three complete destinies of the Five Elements. When combined together, the strength of the world is incomparably rich," the Celestial Master said.

"This is also normal. If the two of us joined forces, we could definitely break through it. That is, if we didn't have that golden token."

Wan Senshi waved his hand dismissively. "Let's not talk about this. I want to see just how that brat Gu Chensha plans to rescue Yuhuan Lu. He should have already begun."

As he spoke, a sphere appeared in Wan Senshi's palm. Everything within the New Divine Continent was displayed vividly in his eyes. As long as any cultivator entered the New Divine Continent, their cultivation level would appear above their heads. Their name, where they came from, where they were from, what cultivation methods they cultivated, age, and all sorts of other secret information would appear above their heads.

Anyone, even a Divinity level powerhouse, wouldn't be able to hide. As long as they entered the New Divine Continent, their information would appear in Wan Senshi's sphere. Wan Senshi's methods were simply unheard of or seen before.

"Wan Senshi, this is a little similar to a virtual game from the prehistoric civilization. It seems that you've already researched the prehistoric civilization." The Immortal Master looked at this and his countenance changed slightly.

"All paths lead to the same destination. However, I can use my unparalleled cultivation to see everyone's past and future. I can also use my Eye of Destiny to see through everything about anyone who enters the New Divine Continent. However, I can't see the cultivation of the Heavenly Dao Technique. However, based on the clue of Yuhuan Lu, I'll be able to detect traces of this brat and capture him.

The Heavenly Dao Technique is also a type of magical power. It's not invincible. "Wan Senshi was observing.

Yuhuan Lu, who was tied up on the golden ornament, seemed to be going through changes. Her internal organs were merging with the Dragon Zither of Nature, and her cultivation was rising.

"As expected, this brat has started to take action. However, he seems to be secretly activating means to help Yuhuan Lu raise her cultivation. Has he gone down the wrong path?" The Immortal Master's glabella suddenly split open, and a vertical eye appeared. It was as if he was observing the truth.

"I still can't see this brat's existence clearly. However, I can say with certainty that this brat has already infiltrated the New Divine Continent. Does he not know?

Even if he raises his cultivation, it'll be useless. Could it be that he can let Yuhuan Lu break free of your control? "

"If he had activated all his power the moment he came in, he would have stirred up my Little Divine Continent, then cut off this golden ornament and forcefully rescued Yuhuan Lu, there would have been a twenty to thirty percent chance of success. However, if he did that now, he would have lost his chance. According to this brat's actions, he shouldn't be so stupid. Doesn't he know that I've already linked the golden ornament with some of Yuhuan Lu's power? The more he increases Yuhuan Lu's power, the more power he'll be able to increase the power of the seal. Once the seal has absorbed enough of his Heavenly Dao Technique, I'll be able to truly use his Heavenly Dao Technique to refine Yuhuan Lu.

Become one of my people. At that time, the Jade Ring Dew will assassinate him. He'll sacrifice himself and reveal a bit of his Heavenly Dao Technique. I want to see what other methods he has to hide. "Master Wan said.

"I don't know what he's doing, either," said the immortal master.

The Immortal Master said, "You and I are wise enough to see through the heavens and the earth. We can see through everything, but we can't see what the person using the Heavenly Dao is doing. Because he no longer has a future, he no longer has a destiny.

"If it weren't for his Heavenly Dao Technique, he would already be dead."

Wan Senshi continued, "But Yuhuan Lu's cultivation base is increasing, which means the brat is in the new Little Divine Continent. Once he expends a great deal of power on Yuhuan Lu, I'll make my move. I need to capture him. If the Celestial Steadiness Bureau loses him, it will lose all of its power. Even the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, won't be a match for me."

"Zhuge Ya is the Lord of Seven Stars," said the immortal master. "He has some tricks up his sleeve, and has cultivated the ninth stage of the True Dragon Magic. But compared to Heavenly Dao Techniques, they're nothing. Even the Lord of the Sun and Moon isn't a Heavenly Dao Technique. There's nothing to worry about, "said the immortal master.

"The brat won't leave any traces behind. Let's just wait and see," said Wan Senshi. Back in the new Little Divine Continent.

Gu Chensha had concealed himself, transforming into a Heavenly Dao Technique that left no traces behind. Even if Wan Senshi used a secret magic, he wouldn't be able to find him.

"At this point, Yuhuan Lu's cultivation base is rising explosively, and she's fused with the Myriad Sounds Dragon Zither. I'm afraid Wan Senshi has already discovered her. He must have guessed that I'd be able to use this technique, so he planted all sorts of traps in Yuhuan Lu's body. He's using my magic power to accomplish some of his tasks.

Unfortunately, he doesn't know how powerful the Divine Continent Unity Technique is. Not even the Xingqiong Clan would dare to attempt the Divine Continent Unity Technique's 100th Stage. It can break through anything. Let's use the new Little Divine Continent as a practice target. "

At this time, Gu Chensha had everything under his control. Not even the old-timers could outsmart him in their schemes. [Everyone's been looking forward to the release of the phone app! The app supports offline reading, no ads, and millions of books are free to read!

Font and brightness adjustment, night mode, reading progress memory, and many other powerful features. Please follow WeChat's official account to download. Gegegengxin (hold down for three seconds to copy)