Chapter 174
===========

The sun was high up in the sky. It was as if everything that had just happened was an illusion.

But when everyone looked around, apart from the castle, there were cracks on the ground and collapsed houses. There were even landslides on the mountains. It was a scene of devastation.

"Quick, help!" Gu Chensha knew that after a disaster, the first thing they had to do was to rescue people.

"No worries."

Bao Ming 'er said, "I have already ruled out the thousand-year bone demon's actions. The most important thing now is to discuss how this will affect the future. There are records in the history books that there have been many earth-shattering changes, and the appearance of the White Sun Demon Stars. However, the biggest disaster was only the appearance of the 72 Earthly Fiends and 36 Heavenly Spirits. They gathered together to form one hundred and eight great demon stars. The energy of the demon stars sensed them and they descended to the earth, reincarnating as heroes and stirring up chaos in the world. Today, the White Sun Demon Stars are in the tens of thousands, and they all landed on the divine land.

This is a disaster that has never been seen before. "" Yes, the imperial court will be shaken by this. I wonder if father has come out of seclusion. This kind of change in the sky, no matter how powerful he is, he won't be able to stop it. "Gu Chensha was worried.

Everyone here was familiar with the history books and knew about the changes in the sky. The black energy that swallowed the sun was a sign of a great disaster, the shaking of heaven and earth was an even greater disaster, and the appearance of the White Sun Demon Stars was an even greater disaster. The appearance of these three phenomena at the same time could really turn the world upside down. Everyone's hearts were heavy.

"Fairy Luo Wu, Big Sister Ming 'er, you are the elites of the immortal dao sects and are very clear about the changes in the sky. What should we do now?" Gu Chensha asked.

"This is not a small matter. I'm afraid that in the next few days, there will be a talisman summoning us back to the sect."

Luo Wu frowned. "Although I have a small cultivation base, these changes in the weather are caused by the Heavenly Dao Universe being affected by some sort of aura. Only the oldest Grand Elder in the sect can calculate this."

After speaking, she paused and looked at Gu Chensha, "Your Highness, why did you change the way you address me? You call me fairy and call Ming 'er big sister. Isn't that showing how close we are?"

"If fairy doesn't mind, I would like to call you big sister. I'm just afraid that fairy is too cold and doesn't dare to get close." Gu Chensha quickly said.

"In that case, I'll call you little brother." Luo Wu smiled.

"Big Sister Luo Wu, what do you think we should do next?" Gu Chensha quickly seized the opportunity.

"After this change, the people of the world are in a state of panic. The most important thing now is to calm them down. I think the imperial court must have a countermeasure …" As Luo Wu was speaking, a talisman suddenly flashed on her body. She quickly looked at it and said, "As expected, the sect sent me a message. They want me to return immediately. Brother, I'm leaving now."

At this time, the talisman on Bao Ming 'er's body also flashed. "My sect is also summoning me back. Brother Chen, farewell." As they spoke, the two of them soared into the sky and disappeared in the blink of an eye.

"The two women obtained the Seven Saints Tempering Heart Pill from me. They also absorbed the Black Tortoise Energy and Immortal Energy. They obtained quite a lot of benefits. Their cultivation bases have improved a lot compared to before." Gu Chensha's eyes were no longer the same as before. He was able to see many things.

"All of you, listen up!" he suddenly said.

"We are willing to listen to Prince's orders." His subordinates all knelt down on one knee.

"Immediately organize a disaster relief and calm the people's hearts."

Gu Chensha ordered, "Stabilize the situation in the fief. I have to make a trip to the imperial court to see how things are going and whether Father has come out of seclusion." "Yes!" Everyone split up and left. They were not in a hurry.

Gu Chensha's castle had gradually turned into the Black Tortoise's nest. It was sturdy and stable. There was not even a crack on the ground.

At this time, a voice suddenly came from the sky. "Imperial edict: You princes, come to the Sky Bearing Pass to see me."

"Your son obeys." When Gu Chensha heard the voice, he could not help but be shocked. It was actually the voice of the head eunuch, Gao Ling. The matter was urgent. There was not even a written imperial edict. Instead, it was an oral edict.

However, he soon calmed down. This oral edict was in the usual tone of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. It seemed that he had come out of seclusion. Furthermore, the edict used "I" and not "I". It seemed that this matter was not very important to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. He could control the situation.

"I wonder if Lou Baiyue has come out of seclusion?" He thought to himself. He activated the King Dragon Armor and flew up.

He flew into the sky and flew towards the inside of the pass. He discovered that the ground was cracked. The originally built roads were also destroyed and many houses were razed to the ground. This was an unprecedented disaster.

Originally, when he was in the castle, he only felt that the earthquake was not very strong. But now, it seemed that it was because the Black Tortoise baby used the power of the supreme Black Tortoise to condense the earth veins. This caused the ground under the castle to be incomparably stable.

Originally, no matter how strong the earthquake was, the Black Tortoise's nest would not move. But now, he could feel the tremors. This showed how strong the earthquake outside was. Moreover, the earthquake came quickly and violently. It did not give anyone time to prepare.

"The scope of the earthquake this time is huge. It seems to have affected the entire divine continent and even the Wilderness. I wonder how many people have died."

Gu Chensha's heart sank. He did not have the time to help personally. Instead, he flew to the pass and landed on the ground. The entire Great Stone Wall was still standing majestically. There was not even a crack on it.

The area around the palace was perfectly fine. It was obvious that at the crucial moment, someone with really strong powers stabilized the foundations. Very quickly, he arrived outside of the palace and waited to be summoned.

One after another, the other princes arrived. Old Seven, Old Seven, Old Three, The Fourth, Old Ten … All the princes who could come were here. Sou!

Just at that moment, a black line flashed in the sky. A person appeared beside Gu Chensha. It was Lou Baiyue.

Her position was even higher than that of the princes in the eyes of the Heaven Talisman Emperor, so naturally, she was summoned over. No one could see how she appeared, but there was a feeling of tearing through the void.

Only Gu Chensha knew that her cultivation had improved once more. During these three months of secluded meditation, she probably digested everything she got from the Bone Burial Land.

"What level are you at now?" Gu Chensha said softly.

"Dao Realm 11 Transformation, Soul Tentacle."

Lou Baiyue lowered her voice and formed an energy field around them. No one was able to hear their conversation. To outsiders, this seemed really intimate, like they were a couple.

"You actually improved by two transformations in these three months?

Although I cultivated hard, I was still unable to break through to six transformations and cultivate Xiantian Energy. "

Although Gu Chensha knew that Lou Baiyue had improved a lot, he didn't expect her to be able to cross two realms at once.

When the two of them separated, she was at Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body. In three months, at most, she would be able to break through to Ten Transformations. Who knew that she would even be able to cultivate Ten Transformations Soul Tentacle?

"You created your own cultivation technique and cultivated it yourself. Naturally, raising your realm will be thousands of times slower than normal. But once you succeed, you will have opened your own Dao. It is the same for ancient Saints."

Lou Baiyue said in a serious tone, "But speaking of which, the reason I was able to level up like this is all because of your cultivation technique and essence blood. In these three months, I have been using my True Fire to completely refine them. I have also comprehended the Ten Thousand Miles Flying Cloud Flag and the Xuan Hao Dragon Ship. I have comprehended a set of cultivation technique from each of them. The Ten Thousand Miles Flying Cloud Escape and the Xuan Hao Great Mystique, I will now give them to you. Weng … A spiritual sense spread over.

Gu Chensha felt many scenes appear in the depths of his mind. All sorts of cultivation techniques and images appeared once more. He accepted them all and didn't collapse from meditation.

Lou Baiyue cultivated Soul Tentacle and could spread her spiritual sense out like a tentacle, seeping into the mind of living beings. This was the same as transferring spiritual sense.

These two techniques were ancient secret techniques and they were really profound. If it was Long Zaifei, he would be able to comprehend them right away. But for Gu Chensha, he would need a long time to comprehend them.

He wasn't in a rush and remembered them. In the future, he would have plenty of time to comprehend them.

"What do you think about the black energy swallowing the sun, the sky shaking, and the demon star descending?" Gu Chensha wanted to ask her for her opinion.

"This is a change in the Dao of the Heavens and it is beyond our comprehension."

Lou Baiyue shook her head. With her cultivation, there was nothing she could do, "Even if I was 10 times stronger, I wouldn't be able to interfere in this matter. But since the Emperor has come out of secluded meditation, he definitely has plans."

The two of them whispered to each other, causing the expressions of many princes to become really ugly.

"Has Nineteen finally gotten together with Lou Baiyue?"

Gu Chensha's eyes turned sharp. His cultivation was still at the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body. Since he reached this realm, no matter how he cultivated and no matter what resources he obtained, he was unable to improve. He was unable to reach the Ten Transformations realm.

Each time he cultivated, he would be distracted and the energy in his body would flow in reverse. After so many times, he knew that this was the limit of his talent and he couldn't improve anymore. Otherwise, a huge disaster would befall him.

Originally, with his talent, he couldn't even reach Dao Realm Eight Transformation. However, he relied on numerous resources to break through to Nine Transformation. This was already heaven-defying and a huge disaster would befall him. This was why he wasn't worthy.

"Damn, Lou Baiyue is really strong and she is so close to this kid! I heard news from Heng Budong. "Big Brother Gu Hengsha also came here.

He was supposed to defend the port but was taken over by Marquis Zhenhai. He was summoned by Heavenly Talisman Emperor and came to expand his territory. He had heard about Lou Baiyue from Heng Budong and knew how terrifying she was.

He and Gu Chensha had deep hatred. Not only were they political enemies, but Gu Chensha was the one who stole the evil god flesh and blood and Long Zaifei.

"The Emperor has decreed for the princes to discuss matters." A few eunuchs appeared in the palace and shouted before leading the way.

Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha didn't say a word. They followed the eunuchs and the princes into the palace. They passed many plazas and came to the Gan Yang Hall at the center. The Gan Yang Hall was really huge and was only opened for important meetings. The moment they entered, they saw many other officials enter.

"The eight marquises are all here? Even Duke Mei Xichou is here? Duke Yi Li Sixuan is here too. "As expected, Gu Chensha noticed that the atmosphere was different.

The true foundation of the dynasty was the eight marquises and three dukes. The eight marquises were Jushi Marquis, Iron Blood Marquis, Star Sucking Marquis, Thousand Autumns Marquis, Demon Vanquishing Marquis, Treasure Gathering Marquis, Heart Martial Marquis, and Zhenhai Marquis. The three dukes were Yuan Duke Lou Chongxiao, Yi Li Sixuan, and Mei Duke Xi Chou. Mei Duke was a woman.