Chapter 463
===========

Dou Nineteen used the transformation fruit's ability to mess up the Celestial Dao Sect. Even God Realm experts had to calculate carefully to find out.

And now that Gu Chensha had cultivated the Heavenly Dao Art's quality, he had taken another step forward. He had raised his cultivation level from 20 transformations — Assemble and Disperse Impermanence — to 22 transformations — Heaven and Earth. He had raised his transformations to the extreme, and he was many times stronger than Dou Nineteen's transformation fruit.

Most importantly, Empyreans would not be able to calculate the whereabouts of any powerful cultivators, saints, or even Divergents.

If he pretended to be Dou Nineteen, along with all of his memories, he would be able to pass off the fake as the real one.

If his cultivation reached 25 transformations, even his father, Victorious Fighting Celestial, wouldn't be able to recognize him.

Currently, the strongest transformation ability was the "Thousand Transformations Stone Ape". It was born with a transformation bloodline and was even stronger than the transformation fruit. However, the transformation ability of the "Thousand Transformations Stone Ape" compared to Gu Chensha was like heaven and earth.

After cultivating the 22 Transformations of Heaven and Earth, all of Gu Chensha's savings were used up. If he wanted to try for the 23 Transformations of Past Reflection, he needed to go to the common people to comprehend the changes of time. He had to accumulate more comprehension before he could break through to this stage.

This was a huge bottleneck. Since ancient times, many Celestials were stuck at this stage. They forcefully tried to deduce and many of them ended up going mad.

The 23 transformations, Past Reflection, used one's spiritual power and wisdom to comprehend the secrets of light and the river of time. If one was not careful, one's consciousness would get lost in the river of time and collapse.

It was often recorded in the Immortal Dao that a cultivator of the Twenty-Two Transformations, Lawful Manifestations of Heaven and Earth, would go into seclusion in order to comprehend the Twenty-Three Transformations, Past Reflection. However, in the process of seclusion, their spiritual consciousness would be completely lost, and their magic power would dissipate, turning into green smoke that melted into the world. Gu Chensha was afraid of this too.

He had cultivated the quality of the Heavenly Dao. Although his magic power was unprecedentedly powerful, because the quality of the Heavenly Dao was extremely close to the Heavenly Dao, he had to use his own powerful spirit and willpower to control it. If he did not control it well, he would be like a Sage who had fused with the Dao and become one with the world.

The world was extremely attractive to him. Every time he cultivated, he had to be very careful and use his strongest will to resist the assimilation of the Heavenly Dao.

It was extremely dangerous to cultivate to the Sage Realm. Every time a Sage used their spiritual power, they would be summoned by the laws of the Heavenly Dao. For example, Zhuge Ya had taken advantage of the critical moment when the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor was resisting the assimilation of the Heavenly Dao to bring Wu Dangkong to the Evil Spirit Continent and absorb the Emperor's Qi in the Black Yellow Pagoda.

As for the quality of Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao technique, as his cultivation level increased, the Heavenly Dao's ability to assimilate him became stronger and stronger. Of course, this was also a great training for his spirit and willpower.

It would also be of great help to him in comprehending the Path of Divergence. If he comprehended the Path of Divergence one day, he would be able to sever the Heavenly Dao's assimilation of him. At that time, his cultivation would truly be unimaginable, and his potential might even surpass that of the three great Heavenly Venerables.

However, comprehending the Path of Divergence was extremely difficult. Gu Chensha pondered. Even if it was Jing Qiu who wanted to comprehend it, he only had a one in ten thousand chance. As for Jing Fanxing, it was basically impossible.

Jing Fanxing had been created by Dou Nineteen and had recovered some of his strength. This was actually not a good thing for him. For such a small character, Gu Chensha did not even have the desire to deal with him.

"What do you plan to do now, Your Highness?" asked Zhuge Ya.

"The Demon Disaster is about to break out, and the world is in turmoil. Even the Demon Race can unite, but we humans are still divided."

Gu Chensha sighed. "After all this time, it seems that the Calming Immortal Department is the one who is truly thinking about the world. Father is not here, and even the Heavenly Craftsman Department is slacking off. Right now, I have to go to the major families and force them to express their stance. They want to form an alliance against the Demon Race, with the Calming Immortal Department as the leader.

We will take the initiative to attack from the Bottomless Sea of Sin. If the major families can work together and use all of their trump cards, we can destroy the Demon Race's Nether Iron Fortresses in one strike. " "That's impossible."

Lou Baiyue shook her head. "These aristocratic families are just waiting for the Demon Disaster to break out so that they can fish in troubled waters and reap enough benefits. How could they let our Calming Immortal Department be the leader and waste their savings to defeat the Demon Race? They can't wait for the Demon Race to destroy our Calming Immortal Department in one fell swoop and then come out to divide our treasures."

The Calming Immortal Department had already become a huge piece of fat meat. Just the Common People's Wish sphere and the Heavenly Demon Tree were already coveted by many powers.

"That may be the case, but we are still the unified imperial court. On the surface, the major families are still subservient to the imperial court. Our Calming Immortal Department can also supervise the major families. Now that the Demon Disaster is brewing and is about to break out.

Our Calming Immortal Department doesn't care about the attitudes of the major families. On the surface, we still need to notify them and form an alliance. If the major families refuse, our Calming Immortal Department can spread the news to the world and create public opinion, making the major families the target of public criticism. "

Gu Chensha had his own plans. "Moreover, ever since we established our Calming Immortal Department, we have never formally paid a visit to the major families. We still have to pay them a visit out of courtesy. As for their attitude, we'll see.

After I visit the major families in the name of our Calming Immortal Department, I'll disguise myself as Wudang Xing and pay them a visit again.

Even if the major families don't defend against the Demon Disaster, we still have to guard against them stabbing us in the back. We need to know ourselves and our enemies. " "It's good to use diplomacy before force. Our Calming Immortal Department is tolerant."

Zhuge Ya's expression turned sharp. "If the major families refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit, then there's no need for us to be polite with them. If we really want to use the Demon Disaster to throw the universe into chaos and rob them while they're down, then we need to first settle our internal affairs."

"As long as the imperial court and humanity work together, there's actually no need to fear the Demon Disaster. Humanity's foundations are extremely deep. Even the major sects of the Immortal Dao are mostly formed by humans. Gradually, they've become Immortal cultivators."

Lou Baiyue said, "The greatest hidden danger of every Demon Disaster is humans killing each other. Some of the major families even reach an agreement with the Demon Race in order to protect themselves. We can't allow that to happen this time. "

"That's only natural. The major sects of the Immortal Dao are the same. However, they're not above the Central Divine Continent. Unlike the major families, the disciples of the major families directly participate in the imperial court's politics. A large portion of them are still local officials. For example, in the Wu Province, at least half of the officials are disciples of the Wu Clan. Apart from that, there's another thirty percent who are more or less connected to the Wu Clan. If the world is in turmoil and the imperial court's authority is slightly weakened, then whatever orders the Wu Clan gives, these officials will immediately abandon the imperial court, and the entire Wu Province will become the Wu Kingdom."

Zhuge Ya said, "After all, His Majesty has only unified the world for twenty-four years and hasn't taken root yet. To eliminate the influence of the major families, the only way is for His Majesty to personally rule for a hundred years. It's a pity that His Majesty has gone into seclusion and left Wu Dangkong in the Upper Study to oversee the country, causing the power of the major families to rise again. After all, our Celestial Tranquility Department's foundations are shallow, so it's difficult for us to overthrow them."

"If Mister Zhuge had become a God, then Baiyue, The Fourth, and I would have been able to do the same. It wouldn't have been difficult for us to suppress the major families. Unfortunately, the Demon Disaster is about to break out."

Gu Chensha suddenly asked, "That's right, about the Interstellar Burial Coffin, the Peerless Heavenly Tome, and the third volume of the Eternal Heavenly Tome. How are we going to collect them all into the sphere?"

Back then, Zhuge Ya and Gu Chensha had come up with a plan to first have Jin Suibo capture the Peerless Heavenly Tome, then obtain the Interstellar Burial Coffin and the third volume of the Eternal Heavenly Tome.

But now, these plans had not been completed. However, they had obtained the Central Wutu Great Virtue Flag and the Myriad Demon Human Transformation Painting. Both of these treasures had been melted into the Heavenly Demon Tree, and they had even obtained the Tianyi Pearl as a supplement.

This huge achievement was not inferior to obtaining the Peerless Heavenly Tome and the third volume of the Eternal Heavenly Tome.

"I have to go through a lot of preparations to obtain the Interstellar Burial Coffin. It's not something that can be done in a day. Since Your Highness has already cultivated the Heavenly Law, we can advance our plan. As for the Peerless Heavenly Tome, Suibo has already grasped its trajectory. These days, we have been laying down traps to lure the book out! Once the book appears, it will be the best time for us to go all out. "

Zhuge Ya said, "I have been carrying out the plan step by step. I have also deduced the whereabouts of the third volume of the Eternal Heavenly Tome." "So that's how it is. Let's capture the Peerless Heavenly Tome first.

Unfortunately, the jade mountain that sealed Xing Qiongshi has disappeared from the bottom of the sea. If it were still there, I could refine it completely and fuse it into our sphere. That way, the sphere's sturdiness would probably increase by a few realms, "Gu Chensha said.

"Xing Qiongshi is indeed powerful. I have still underestimated him," Zhuge Ya said with a solemn expression, "Wu Dangkong has probably reached some kind of agreement with him behind the scenes."

"In that case, I will first pay a visit to the School of Legalism. I will pay a visit to the entire aristocratic family first."

Gu Chensha said, "I will immediately sense the whereabouts of the Peerless Heavenly Tome. After that, I will return to capture him." "That is the only way."

Zhuge Ya said, "Go ahead, Your Highness. Princess Yuefu and the other core members of the Calming Immortal Bureau should focus on running the College of the People's Wish."

"The College of the People's Wish is another place where the Devil Calamity will erupt. We must guard it." Lou Baiyue knew the importance of this.

She couldn't go to the Demon Domain to fight at the moment, so she could only coordinate everything and command the General of the People's Wish. She had to groom the talents of the College and move the world.

After making all the arrangements, Gu Chensha once again flew out of the Sphere of the People's Wish and headed to the Dharma Province.

He had been cultivating in the sphere for more than three months. It was already spring in the 24th year of the Heavenly Talisman. The world was filled with grass and birds. Spring was warm, and all living things were sprouting. The weather in the Wildlands had also become hot and humid.