Chapter 313
===========

"No problem. The Rainbow Demon Vine he refined belongs to you."

With just a few words, Gu Xuansha decided Gu Chensha's fate. His tone was high and mighty, as if he had calculated everything.

"Although the Rainbow Demon Vine is mysterious, it's only equivalent to the ninth to tenth transformation of the Dao Realm. I don't know any secret techniques from the Book of Heavenly Demon, so what's the point?" Wu Dangkong scoffed. "Is this your sincerity?"

"Of course not. I can use the soul-absorbing technique to take everything from Old Nineteen's mind. His combat strength isn't bad, but his realm is too low. If he had the Dragon Gate, I wouldn't be able to do anything to him. With his current strength, I can suppress him with a flip of my hand."

Gu Xuansha smiled and said, "Of course, I still have to wait a little longer. He has a lot of secrets, and there is an extremely powerful power of creation in his bloodline, which can quickly activate the Seven-colored Demonic Vine. Let's just watch here and find a chance to help him secretly so that he can evolve this treasure quickly. Wouldn't it be great if we can make a gift for him?" "You're that confident?"

Wu Dangkong asked curiously. "The Lord of Seven Stars is scheming behind him. I'm afraid everything is within her expectations."

"The Lord of Seven Stars is strong, but she hasn't fully matured yet." No matter how mysterious and unfathomable Gu Xuansha was, he didn't dare underestimate the Lord of Seven Stars.

"They're also greedy. They want to refine the Dragon Gate, the Buzhou Palace, and the Book of Heavenly Demon into one treasure. The result of that is that the treasure can't be activated at all, and it'll be hard to completely merge them. There are so many drawbacks, so it's better to use them separately."

"You're oversimplifying things. With the help of the Lord of Seven Stars, the Black Tortoise and the Vermilion Bird, as well as Jin Suibo, the Lord of Five Stars, I'm afraid it'll be very difficult to master it."

When Wu Dangkong thought about this, he was furious. "Those two experts, Que Ying 'er and Que Huang' er, are also idiots. They gave away the Vermillion Bird egg for nothing. They've basically lost all their capital.

Now the Vermillion Bird and the Black Tortoise have gathered in the Calm Immortal Department. With every day that passes, their strength will increase greatly.

"It makes sense that those two demonesses didn't try to scheme against the Lord of Seven Star. If the Lord of Seven Star was so easily schemed against, then she wouldn't be so easily tricked. An enigmatic smile appeared on Gu Xuansha's face. "But the Lord of Seven Stars isn't invincible.

I'd like to take advantage of this opportunity to pit my wits against the Lord of Seven Star. His identity has been exposed, and he has to refine that sphere of life's wishes. He also has to be on guard against all sorts of old-timers. He'll definitely be exhausted from running around. That'll give me plenty of opportunities. " "Speaking of which, what kind of existence is behind you?

I remember that your aptitude was only above average in the past. After leaving the imperial court for so many years, your aptitude has actually become a peerless genius. This is somewhat similar to Gu Tanjian. You must have had some kind of fortuitous encounter, and there must be a giant behind you. May I know which force it is? "Wu Dangkong seemed to know some kind of secret.

"You'll know when the time comes."

The Ancient Mystic Sand was very mysterious. "But I have to tell you that the person behind me is definitely stronger than Gu Tanjian." "Oh?"

Wu Dangkong didn't quite believe him, but she knew how powerful the Ancient Mystic Sand was. This prince's internal energy was even stronger than hers. "So what you're saying is that we should just sit back and watch Gu Chensha cultivate?"

"Of course not. If my speculations are correct, you're capturing living creatures to sacrifice to some powerful entity to gain power," said the Ancient Mystic Sand.

The Profound Ancient Sand said, "In that case, Gu Chensha's Seven-colored Demonic Vine has absorbed countless souls. The more powerful the Seven-colored Flower Vine is, the more souls it will contain. If you sacrifice this Demonic Vine, it will be equivalent to sacrificing millions of Evil Souls.

What we need to do now is secretly draw some of the devil creatures toward Gu Chensha. That way, he'll be able to absorb them faster. " "That's true. If he absorbs them so slowly, how long do we have to wait?"

As soon as Wu Dangkong heard it, she immediately knew that the Rainbow Demonvine could be used as a sacrifice for countless souls, and the effect was much better than sacrificing souls alone.

"In that case, let's do it secretly."

The Ancient Mystic Sand moved his body and hid himself. He landed on the edge of the vast Magic Grass Prairie with a radius of 3,000 miles in the boundless Sea of Sin.

With his cultivation, he didn't dare to enter the center of the Sea of Sin. It could be seen that there were really powerful devils who could devour the world. Wu Dangkong naturally followed him. Suddenly, Gu Chensha's heart skipped a beat, and he was alarmed.

Although his cultivation was not very high and he was far from being able to deduce the mysteries of heaven and earth, because of his exquisite cultivation and profound understanding of Tao, he often had a premonition.

"I'm afraid that something big will happen." He immediately raised his spirits. "West gate left, west gate right!" "Yes." The two masters immediately knelt on one knee and obeyed the order.

"Don't act rashly for the time being. Don't leave the range of the Rainbow Demonvine." Gu Chensha warned, "I'm afraid something will happen next."

As he spoke, he suddenly activated the Heavenly Demon Secret Method. Immediately, the range of the Rainbow Demonvine began to shrink from dozens of miles to a few miles. As the range shrank, the power became greater. Roar!

At this moment, when he shrank the range, the roar of the Devil Grass came again. It was the voice of a monster.

The demonic herbs on the grassland seemed to be growing non-stop. Originally, when Gu Chensha came here, he was only as tall as two or three people. Now, he was as tall as five or six people. Furthermore, it seemed like he was still growing and thickening. These Devil Grasses were the food of those monsters.

There were also situations where the monsters killed each other to eat meat, but most of them ate these Devil Grasses.

In the depths of the Bottomless Sea of Sin, there seemed to be a huge force driving the Devil Grasses in the basin with a radius of 3,000 miles to grow wildly.

"Your Highness, the army of monsters has appeared."

Just as the two Ximen brothers replied, the demonic grasses in the surroundings started to surge crazily. Groups of demonic creatures rushed out and attacked the Seven-Coloured Demonic Vine. The first to jump out was actually a bunch of snake-headed monsters holding long black scythes.

These monsters were Snake Soul Demons. They spat out long tongues and were really famous in the ancient Hell. They were Life Reaping Impermanence.

The Snake Soul Demons were really quick. The black scythes they held were made of Hell Iron and when they slashed, they could even injure experts at the Dao Realm Transformation Three Experts. This was because the scythes had a corrosive power.

"I have been carefully hiding my aura, so why are these monsters swarming over?" Gu Chensha frowned. But since they were sent to him, then he wouldn't let them go.

"Seven Colored Demon Vine, pierce!" He activated the secret technique once more and the Seven Colored Demon Vine's thousands of tentacles stretched out once more. Peng peng peng peng … Every strike of the vines accurately pierced through a fiend.

In the past, after the Vampiric Demon Vine pierced the monster, it would need to wiggle for a while before it could suck the blood dry. But now that it had evolved into the Seven Colored Demon Vine, its strength increased greatly. In a flash, the monster that was pierced turned into a dried corpse and fell to the ground. The roots of the Demon Vine wiggled underground and pulled the dried corpse into fertilizer. All of a sudden, the monsters that charged over fell to the ground like raindrops.

Gu Chensha repeatedly activated his hand seals, urging the demonic vines to grow. He couldn't understand why the monsters on the grassland would suddenly rush at him, but he could only deal with them as they came and devour them all. This saved him a lot of effort. The Seven Colored Demon Vine could evolve quickly.

All of a sudden, who knew how many monsters swarmed over. They were so dense that the Seven Colored Demon Vine didn't even have time to kill and absorb them.

Gu Chensha could only activate his hands and release a large shield of Innate Aura Qi from his body, covering the ground in a radius of several miles, to prevent the monsters from squeezing in.

However, the fiendmonsters attacked crazily without any regard for their lives. They seemed to be motivated by some kind of power and were willing to sacrifice themselves. They hit Gu Chensha's Innate Stellar Qi barrier, but how could they do anything to the barrier?

In the past, Gu Chensha used the Innate Aura Qi to transform into a Black Tortoise, wrapped himself in it, and lurked in the deep sea where even Golden Core experts couldn't enter. But now, his cultivation was a hundred times stronger than before. When the Innate Aura Qi spread out, it was simply an absolute defense.

After using the Aura Qi to block the swarming monsters, the Seven Colored Demon Vine kept extending its tentacles outside the Aura Qi shield. In just a flash, it pierced through the monsters, pulled them in, sucked them dry, and turned their corpses into fertilizer.

Just like that, the swarming monsters became an inexhaustible source of food for the seven-colored demonic vine.

Originally, Gu Chensha had to send the two brothers to capture them or use his Aura Qi to search the periphery and pull in the monsters. This was somewhat time-consuming and energy-consuming. But now that the monsters were surging over, all he had to do was use the Seven Colored Demon Vine to kill them. It was simply lying on the ground and food automatically jumped into his mouth. While feeling strange, Gu Chensha became even more vigilant.

"Sky Demon Art, condense all techniques, kill gods and slay immortals, and bow to ghosts and gods." He secretly activated the secret art.

At this moment, in the center of the Seven Colored Demon Vine Tree above his head, a fist-sized yellow-skinned gourd condensed.

The moment the gourd condensed, the Ximen brothers trembled. They felt as if their souls were about to freeze. They looked at the gourd with extreme fear. They felt as if a certain murderous aura was born in the gourd. Kill, kill, kill, kill! Boundless killing intent brewed in the depths of the gourd, wanting to destroy everything.

"Is this the legendary Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Dagger?" The Ximen brothers trembled.

"Oh?

You guys know about this flying dagger? "Gu Chensha was a little surprised. These two brothers seemed to be very knowledgeable. They were definitely not ordinary people.

"We studied the Immortal Dao History section of the Heavenly Talisman Ceremony."

The Ximen brothers said, "Rumor has it that although the Divine Prefecture's number one fiercest was captured, he couldn't be killed no matter what. It was three Celestial Venerables who used this flying dagger that beheaded him.

This flying dagger is a gourd that the Golden Crow Race's Demonic Sage plucked from the Primordial Mist Tree in ancient times. "