Chapter 1003
============

"Suppressing the Emperor Of Heaven now isn't too difficult, but the fate within him isn't simple either."

Gu Chensha looked at the many changes in the river of fate: "If I suppress him, this test subject won't be very perfect.

Look, that Zhang Ziran test subject is gradually catching up, as the human world changes, his achievements as the Human Ancestor will not be below the Emperor Of Heaven and The Fourth in the future. " "I have a question." The other 'Dragon Ancestor' Long Yuyun spoke.

Long Yuyun was one of the people who had followed Gu Chensha to conquer the world, after establishing the Everlasting World, her cultivation also rose step by step, reaching the peak. In these thousand years, she had gained a lot, comprehending the Dragonless Mantra, operating the Dao of Immortality, and had already condensed the Heaven Realm within her body.

She originally had the bloodline of the Dragon God, after condensing the true essence of the dragon, she finally found her position, and that was the Dragon Ancestor.

"Speak." Gu Chensha said.

"This is our ideal world, what is the specific plan? Why are Zhang Ziran and the others so afraid, and would rather maintain the status quo? To be honest, I am also a little nervous, it's the fear of the unknown. "

Long Yuyun said, "In this current state, heaven and earth are constantly evolving, and there's no way for them to stay fixed. Perhaps what we believe to be true today could be overturned tomorrow. This is a truly chaotic world, and I really hope that everything stabilizes so that heaven and earth can truly live in eternal peace and tranquility."

"This is a good idea, but the future will eventually change, the current development of the world and the universe is actually not something I can control completely."

Gu Chensha said, "My ideal future is only an embryonic form and structure for now. It's all reflected in the Dragonless Mantra. But as for what this ideal country is, I'll have to wait until I reach the tenth level of 'immortality', not 'immortality'.

Not to mention the tenth level of the Imperishable Realm, even the ninth level of the Immortal Realm wasn't easy to reach. At the ninth level of the Undying Realm, one could create heaven and earth, distort karma and fate, and change the natural laws of the world. They could do whatever they wanted. They could make the world look like whatever they wanted. With a single thought, they could make the entire universe disappear, turn it into a flat universe, and make all living things flat. Or, with a single thought, they could turn the entire universe into a purgatory, with all living things transformed into evil ghosts.

It can also turn the entire universe into an immortal realm in an instant, turning all living beings into immortals … and the tenth level of Undying isn't an undying level, it's a level that even undying can't imagine. "

"In other words, once that terrifying thing is born, it can overturn the structure of the Mortal World with a single thought? The entire universe can change according to its will, right?

If it doesn't like the current structure, it can make all living beings, including us, extinct, and create a world full of ghosts. Is that possible? "Everyone heard this and asked Gu Chensha the same question.

"That's right."

Gu Chensha said, "That's why I'm afraid of the birth of that terrifying thing. In the original world, the Heavenly Dao could create and destroy all living things, but the Heavenly Dao also has restrictions. For example, if the Heavenly Dao wants to destroy the world, it can't do it as it pleases. It needs a lifetime of karma and fate. Once it reaches the peak, it can start to destroy the world.

Just like an Emperor, he can't just kill all the ministers. Even if he has the supreme power, he still has to follow the rules. Otherwise, an Emperor wouldn't be an Emperor.

But if that Emperor has the power of a God, like how a God can control his own world, he can change the world as he pleases. From another point of view, wouldn't the people think that the Emperor is extremely dangerous? That he's in a state where he doesn't know whether he's alive or dead? " "That's right." Jade Ancestor Jade Frost Dew nodded.

"The Path of Non-Existence and Immortality that I deduced is that everyone has the ability to change the world with a single thought. They can break through all the restrictions. But this ability of theirs will not affect anyone, any space, any energy, any consciousness, any cause and effect, any fate, any fate, any Psionic Opportunity. This is the Path of Non-Existence and Immortality. "Gu Chensha finally said his theory.

"That's impossible."

Supreme Ancestor Lou Baiyue was the first to say, "Even if everyone sits still, as long as they think, there will be cause and effect. It's impossible not to interfere.

Even if they don't think, their existence will affect the line of fate. Even if everyone turns into stone, it's still a form of interference. As long as they exist, there will be cause and effect. Even if they don't exist, there will still be cause and effect. "

"It's not impossible, but it's also not impossible. That's why it's called Non-Existence and Immortality."

Gu Chensha said, "You still can't understand this, but I've already touched the edge of it. There's hope for me to create a brand new situation. I can confidently say that when I reach that realm and change the world, not only will you not lose what you have now, you will even gain more." "No matter what, we have to fight together."

Lou Baiyue said, "Chensha, now that that terrifying thing is born, are you confident that you can defeat it?"

"I'm about fifty percent confident. Perhaps both sides will be in a stalemate, with neither side able to do anything to the other."

Gu Chensha said, "But I need to stabilize the situation of the entire world, while he only needs to destroy it. Therefore, I might be at a disadvantage." "It's a pity that this terrifying thing is about to be born, and everyone is not united yet."

Martial Ancestor Martial Saint said, "In fact, many ancestors are waiting for you to fight with that terrifying thing and perish together. They don't know that if you win, the world will still be the same, or even better.

If you win, the world will still be the same, or even better. If that terrifying thing wins, it will be a true calamity, and no one will know what will happen to them. " "This is human nature, and also the unfathomable part of the human heart."

Gu Chensha was unconcerned, "This can be seen in the history of any country. A country that is on the verge of destruction would still fight among themselves, and in the end, it is not uncommon for everyone to capsize at the same time. It's the same for a country, and it's the same for a family, not to mention the vast human world. "

"In the past, the third move of the Son of Heaven Investiture Art recorded in the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman was the unity of all living beings. Unfortunately, it has yet to be achieved. Instead, the hearts of all living beings are becoming more and more complicated." New Martial Ancestor Wen Hong said.

"This is my plan. When the hearts of the people become more and more complicated, it is the time when the hearts of the people become one. For example, when the world is in chaos, it is the sign of peace and prosperity. Because the hearts of the people yearn for peace, as long as a hero appears and calls for help, the world will immediately respond." Gu Chensha said, "Similarly, when the prosperity reaches its peak, it is the beginning of the decline.

I have created countless fortuitous encounters, and given countless people abilities. Along with abilities comes ambition, and countless ambitious people are born. They fight and bite each other, and gradually, the true essence of chaos is formed. When this true essence of chaos reaches its peak, it is the beginning of peace. " "When will peace begin?" Everyone looked at Gu Chensha.

"The Three Thousand Ancestors should all be coming out soon. You all should first manage the Yongchō, slowly expand it, and continue to calm the hearts of the people."

Gu Chensha said, "I still need to observe some changes, because among the Three Thousand Ancestors, there will be some special characters that appear, and they will slightly surpass my control. For example, that Fa Wuxian Devouring Ancestor, he has done many unexpected things. But that is exactly what I want, and I can see the shortcomings of my Dragonless Heart Sutra. "

"The human world is getting more and more complicated. I wonder when the boiling will reach its peak." Lou Baiyue was observing the River of Destiny in front of Gu Chensha. In the River of Destiny.

Countless dragons and snakes were biting each other, and blood was dripping everywhere, representing the intensity of the battle. Every time fate collided with each other, it meant that a giant, or even a sect, or even a huge country, had disappeared.

In the past thousand years, who knew how many stories of separation and joy had appeared, how many protagonists had become giants, and how many giants had fallen.

These stories, experiences, all of their emotions, information, and feelings had all converged into a surging tide, pouring into Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra. In the end, they converged into clumps of wisdom, which became the fuel for the Dragonless Heart Sutra's operation and growth.

There was a scholar in dire straits who encountered a fortuitous encounter, passed the imperial examinations, and became an important minister of the court. After a few ups and downs, he actually succeeded in usurping the throne. He became the emperor, but in his later years, he was killed by a minister who usurped the throne.

There was a small odd-job disciple of a sect who was bullied, encountered a fortuitous encounter, killed immortals and gods along the way, and finally became the ruler of a continent. However, when he was fighting against another continent, he was killed by the ruler of another continent, and even his women were taken away, and his children became the lowest of slaves.

There was a woman who was originally a small servant, but she was fancied by a big character, and through scheming methods, she became the emperor's concubine, and after a palace struggle, she actually grasped the power of the court, and ruled for a hundred years.

There were also billions of experiences of 'protagonists', which were as numerous as the eternal sands of the universe.

Gu Chensha had created countless fortuitous encounters, and in the past thousand years, what he obtained were the experiences of these fortuitous encounters. This was like planting a grain of rice, but harvesting an endless amount of gold.

To Gu Chensha, no magic treasures, even immortal energy, were of any use to him. What was useful was the change of the human heart.

He no longer needed sacrifices, but the experiences of the human heart. All kinds of experiences of the human world were wonderful resources. All of a sudden, an absolute power of nothingness began to flicker inside his body.

The billions and trillions of experiences of 'protagonists' in the human world all converged into the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and his immortal energy began its final transformation. Originally, it had already reached the true peak of 'immortality', but now, a trace of it had actually turned into 'immortality'.

This wasn't the half-baked immortality power that the terrifying will used against Zhang Ziran, but the complete and complete immortality power.