Chapter 151
===========

Bao Ming'er flew out of the land and stood in the air, looking down at the Black Tortoise Rising Out of the Sea and the Vermilion Bird Shining Sun. His expression was solemn, and he flew away again. He flew a few thousand miles to the west before stopping on a mountain peak and crushing a talisman.

After waiting for half a day, a few black dots appeared in the sky and flew to the top of the mountain. They were actually knights.

They were riding on monsters with lion heads and vultures' bodies. They looked ferocious and had a strong aura. They were demons. The knights jumped down and knelt on one knee. "Dragon Lord Ji Xiang." "How is the teleportation gate over there?" Bao Ming'er asked.

"Everything is ready. We just need to wait for His Majesty, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, to come out of seclusion," the leader of the knights said hurriedly.

"Our Great Wei Dynasty is very far from the Divine Prefecture. We need to build a teleportation formation to reach here."

Bao Ming'er looked into the distance. The huge stone wall was faintly discernible. "This land has been favored by the heavens since ancient times. It is called the Divine Prefecture, but it is not something that our court's land can compare to."

"Dragon Lord, Prince Gu's plan with the barbarians not long ago also failed. He even lost the Heavenly Dragon Spirit Gathering Flag. How should we deal with this person?" the knight reported.

"Prince Gu is trash. He does not have any strategy. He has cultivated for so long and wasted so many resources. He is only at the Third Transformation of the Dao Realm."

Bao Ming'er instructed. "But he is a royal descendant. Although his position as a prince is below mine, we still need to wait for His Majesty, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, to come out of seclusion and issue a decree."

"The title of prince is far inferior to that of a dragon lord. Actually, the dragon lord can deal with him. If he wants to be promoted to dragon lord, he has to surpass Long Huijue and Long Shuaijue.

Prince Gu is just a Human Duke. He is still far from the Dragon Duke, which is above that. "The knight hurriedly praised.

"Let's not talk about this."

Bao Ming'er said, "Go back and report. Send some people over. I want to build a branch in the land of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's nineteenth son." "Dragon Lord found a breakthrough?" The knight was overjoyed. "This is a great merit."

"It can't be considered a breakthrough. It's just that this kid doesn't have any powerful forces supporting him, so he's relatively weak and easy to infiltrate.

The key is that he has the treasure that I have been searching for many years. If I obtain that treasure, I only need to refine it for a few years, and my strength will increase tenfold, or even a hundredfold. Now that the treasure has fallen into this kid's hands, it is like casting pearls before swine. He can only use one-thousandth of its power. It is truly a waste. "Bao Ming 'er shook his head.

"With the Dragon Lord's strategy, it will be a piece of cake."

The knight did not dare to say anything more. "By the way, the Dragon Commander of Annihilation wants to ask the Dragon Lord when to carry out the plan in the Myriad Treasures Mysterious Gate." "This matter is not urgent."

Bao Ming 'er said, "I've been lurking in the Treasury of Myriad Treasures Mysterious Gate for ten years. My foundation is slightly stable, and I've just caught the attention of a few old monsters. If I act hastily, I'm afraid I'll fail on the verge of success, and my years of hard work will be wasted. However, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor has created many opportunities for me.

Get the Dragon Commander of Great Destruction to send some materials over and organize a caravan. I need these materials, and he will deliver them to me. "As she spoke, she wrote out a list.

"Yes." Seeing that Bao Ming 'er had no further instructions, the knight took his leave.

Bao Ming 'er stood alone on the peak, once again looking at Gu Chensha's fief from afar, as well as the Great Stone Great Wall and the Divine Continent in the distance. "If the great Divine Continent can be occupied by the Great Might Dynasty, then I might be able to ascend to the position of God and become immortal. Otherwise, even if I cultivate to the point of immortality, I will still decay, and will not truly be immortal." In the study. Gu Chensha once again entered the space of the Altar of Sun and Moon. He sacrificed his blood, summoned the Sun and Moon Dragon Fire, and refined it again.

This pagoda had been infused with Xiantian Gang Qi by Bao Ming 'er, and he was afraid that it had been tampered with. He had to be on guard. He was originally a meticulous person, and although this pagoda was connected to his heart and blood, and would definitely be able to sense if someone placed a restrictive spell on it, who was Bao Ming' er? Her cultivation was more than ten times his, and she was from the Myriad Treasures Mystical Gate, and she was best at refining treasures. How could he detect her methods?

However, he hid in the Altar of Sun and Moon, isolated himself from everything, and summoned the Sun and Moon Dragon Fire to refine it. This was foolproof. The Sun and Moon Dragon Fire was the sacrificial fire of the Heavenly Dao, and it could even expel the evil aura left behind by the Evil God, let alone Bao Ming 'er's limbs. Bao Ming 'er was powerful, but compared to the Evil God, she was tens of thousands of levels lower.

Even a person like Fa Wuxian, who was born to be a Saint, was not a true Saint. If he encountered the Evil God, he would be killed with a flick of a finger. There was no suspense. The Sun and Moon Dragon Fire refined the pagoda again, and seeped into it. As expected, there were crackling sounds coming from the pagoda. Gu Chensha's eyes darkened, and he knew that Bao Ming 'er had indeed done something. Bang!

As the Sun and Moon Dragon Fire burned, green smoke came out of the pagoda, and formed a faint talisman. The talisman gathered and did not dissipate. Gu Chensha hurriedly flipped open the book of light to search for the talisman. In less than an hour, he actually found the origin of the talisman.

"The Mighty Heavenly Dragon Dao is unpredictable, and it has endless transformations. It is a secret of the Great Wei Dynasty …" Gu Chensha was very meticulous, and his eyes shone brightly. "Bao Ming 'er is actually a person of the Great Wei Dynasty, and he has infiltrated the Mystic Celestial Dao Sect?

Good move, very powerful. However, if that's the case, there is still a use for it. The Great Wei Dynasty has enough Emperor's Qi to sacrifice to the Heavenly Dao for me, and I can obtain the next few ultimate techniques of the Sun and Moon Shine Together. It is enough for me to comprehend the Clumsy Fist. "

He waved his hand to disperse the talisman, and swallowed the pagoda again. He secretly circulated his Qi and blood, and felt that his power had become more refined.

He was still thinking about the "Dragon Energy", and it was even more powerful than the Tiger-Wolf Pill. The nature of a tiger and wolf was definitely not comparable to the nature of a dragon. A tiger was just fierce and stern, and a wolf was just tough and fierce.

On the other hand, a dragon was constantly striving to become stronger, courageous and diligent, broad-minded, resolute and decisive, and so on. It was almost a combination of all the advantages.

Recently, he had been diligent and eager to learn. His mind was quick, and he was calm and not angry when faced with problems. He was deep and courageous, and his morals had gradually become stronger. This was also because he had been nourished by the Dragon Energy.

"Looks like I have to learn some knowledge from Bao Ming 'er. Fighting with her in a battle of wits and courage is also a pleasant thing," Gu Chensha thought to himself.

At the same time, in the fief of the Seventh Prince, the Prince of Law, there was a new conversation going on.

"Your Highness, this is the blueprint of the mansion. The formation to live in is still being perfected."

Mister Jin reported to Gu Fasha in the secret room of the study, "This mansion uses the Qian Kun Intersecting Formation as the main layout. It is divided into thirty-six large formations, seventy-two small formations, and the number of Heavenly Spirits and Earthly Fiends.

However, this formation is an ancient magical technique, and the construction is vast. I'm afraid it will take a year and a half to complete, and it will affect the prince's cultivation. "

"In the future, this mansion will be mine, so it has to be exquisitely built. Don't be afraid of wasting money and treasures. The Legalist Faction can still support this bit of expenditure."

Seventh Prince Gu Fasha was really solemn. He sat there without moving and gave off an aura, "Those old fellows from the Legalist Faction supported me on the surface, but in truth, they didn't put in much effort. They still care about Fa Wuxian.

But this time, Father gave them some pressure, and they had no choice but to use materials to build the formation in my fief.

All of this doesn't matter. Recently, my cultivation has reached a bottleneck and I can't break through no matter what. "

"Your Highness wants to break through to Dao Realm Transformation 10 and do 1,000 things at once, right? Then, you won't be able to break through no matter what. You really are an elder of Xiantian Everlasting Xuan Sect.

"As expected from the Xiantian Everlasting Xuan Sect's elder. You definitely have a good idea. "Gu Fasha was delighted.

"Your Highness, there are some things that I don't know if I should say." Mister Jin's expression became more solemn. Gu Fasha said, "Just say it." "Okay."

Mister Jin sat cross-legged, "Your Highness's talent was above average. Based on cultivation, you would at most step into Dao Realm Transformation 1 or 2.

But you obtained benefits that normal people wouldn't be able to get. You broke through the restrictions of Xiantian and reached the Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body. That is already going against the heavens … " "Enough!"

Gufasa was infuriated. "Talent, it's talent again. I've heard those old guys from the school of Legalism say it many times. I don't believe in talent. As long as there are treasures, pills, and formations, even a stupid pig can become a monster." "Your Highness's heart is filled with fire. That is talent."

Mister Jin wasn't shocked at all and said calmly, "Don't be annoyed when you face problems, don't get impatient when you face obstacles, and never admit defeat. That is talent. Pills can only strengthen your body and soul, but they can't change your personality.

Since ancient times, many people obtained fortuitous encounters and became top experts. But their personalities didn't match their strength, and in the end, they fell.

If a genius heard this, he would think about it calmly and accept it humbly. He would use his unyielding will to break through. Even if he couldn't break through in the end, he would accept it happily.

But His Highness finally couldn't suppress it anymore. With such a personality, his cultivation will end here. " "Then what should we do?" Gu Fasha was covered in sweat.

"Slowly sharpen his mind. There might be a chance, but the hope is still slim. Talent is determined by the heavens." Mister Jin sighed, "If we can get the Primordial Dragon Gate and absorb the dragon energy, we can change our talent. Apart from that, there's also the Dragonization Tower. " "Dragonization Tower!"

Gu Fasha's eyes lit up, "I've already heard that the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple obtained this tower. After countless refinements and sacrifices, it has been nourished by divine power.

But recently, the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple lost a large amount of treasures, including this tower and the Seven Saint Heart Refining Pill.

Old Nineteen has a large amount of this pill, and all the signs show that the tower is in his hands. " "That's what I want to say," Mister Jin said.

Mister Jin said, "I went to see his land. Xuanwu Ocean, a God Beast is there, and it is not a small place. I thought that Fa Wuxian would be able to get the egg back, but Lou Baiyue forced him to retreat. " "Lou Baiyue!"

Gu Fasha's expression was really ugly, "Lou Chongxiao wants to get close to me, but she doesn't give me any face at all. Fa Wuxian even said that she has cultivated the Great Slaughtering God Technique and that I am no match for her. One must know that she is only at Dao Realm Six Transformation and I am at Nine Transformation." "Allow me to be direct."

Mister Jin said, "The Great Slaughtering God Technique is number one in killing. After Lou Baiyue cultivates it and uses the God Slaughtering Energy, even at Six Transformation, three Lords won't be her match. If she reaches Seven Transformation, then even ten Lords won't be able to handle her."

"Mister Jin, you are provoking me with your words." Gu Fasha's rage rose up in his heart, but it dissipated and he smiled bitterly.

"When did His Highness lose his anger? His talent has also been honed."

Mister Jin said, "But if the Dragon Transformation Tower is in Prince Nineteen's hands, then we have to think of a way to get it. If we can get it, not only will His Highness's cultivation increase, but his men will also become geniuses." "I have to get it."

Gu Fasha clenched his fists, "Nineteen really is not simple. He even has an ancient pill like the Tiger Wolf Pill to raise a large number of talents. Don't underestimate them, they have the personality of tigers and wolves."