Chapter 827
===========

"I didn't do anything to you. What makes you think that the son in your body is mine?" Gu Chensha looked at Dou Yiyu and smiled. He didn't deny it, but he didn't admit it either.

"I knew that you wouldn't let me off so easily," Dou Yiyu said. "If it's not you, then who is it?

Your methods are already beyond my imagination. If the son in my body isn't yours, then whose is it? " "No matter what, it's a fact that a life has been born in your body. Moreover, that life is indeed the Punisher Heavenly King. "

Gu Chensha said, "There's not much meaning in discussing whose son it is. Why don't we let the Punisher Heavenly King be born and then build the Calming Immortal Department together, control the future, and subjugate the Emperor Of Heaven? That would be the most meaningful. " "I've already admitted defeat. You can do whatever you want."

Dou Yi Yu had completely lost the ability to resist Gu Chensha's unfathomable methods. Moreover, he was already disappointed in the three Celestial Venerables. The three Celestial Venerables had actually sold her out, and to the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha at that. This caused her to completely lose some degree of trust. Rather than being sold out, it was better to do something earth-shattering with the Calming Immortal Department.

"Things might not be as depressing as you think."

Gu Chensha said, "Cooperating with me, believing in our principles, offering sacrifices to our ideals, and planning our future is admittedly going against the Heavenly Dao and dealing with the Emperor Of Heaven. However, it's precisely because of this that it's challenging and fun. I believe that with your personality, you wouldn't do things according to the future, right?"

"You've successfully convinced me. Since that's the case, I'll rely on the Calming Immortal Department and see what great things I can accomplish." As Dou Yiyu closed her eyes, a wave of sacrificial power soared into the sky and poured into the little Hong Meng Tree.

She was offering sacrifices to the Calming Immortal Department's principles and approved of their future plans.

In the instant she offered sacrifices, her destiny was connected to the Calming Immortal Department's destiny. Just like how the Longevity God had relied on the Calming Immortal Department, they were inseparable. They would prosper together, and they would suffer together. Any form of allegiance was unreliable. Only the connection of fate energy was the most stable.

Right now, Dou Yiyu had completely followed Gu Chensha and the Celestial Tranquility Department. Between the priests, their destinies and destinies were already tightly linked. She could faintly feel some kind of rejection from the heavenly mandate. It was the heavenly dao that had already abandoned her. She had chosen the Celestial Tranquility Department. She would definitely not be accepted by the heavenly dao or the future Celestial Heavens.

Actually, with her original fate, she was the mother of the Punisher Heavenly King. In the future, she would definitely be able to achieve great things and obtain an extremely high status.

But now, if he gave up on this and joined the Calming Immortal Department, it would be equivalent to giving up on all future glory and glory. But she felt a sense of relief.

"Now that the Heavenly Daos have fallen, the Calm Immortal Department might be able to create a brand new situation. In truth, how many people are willing to comply with the Heavenly Daos? My father and the three Empyreans also have ulterior motives. If a heavenly king appears in front of them, the first thing they will think of is how to devour him. This is also a heaven-defying action. There is no need to even mention the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha.

They are merely using the name of complying with the Heavenly Daos. They will not stand out in secret. When the Heavenly Daos, the Emperor Of Heaven, and the future Celestial Tranquility Department and the Celestial Tranquility Department fight to the death, they will then reap the benefits. In this world, there are no such things as loyal ministers and filial sons. "

Dou Yiyu sighed in the depths of his heart. 'If the Emperor Of Heaven doesn't appear, there will be no backbone now. In this chaotic world, everyone is ambitious and ruthless.'

"What you are thinking is that if the Emperor Of Heaven doesn't appear, everyone is actually harboring ulterior motives."

Gu Chensha saw through Dou Yiyu's thoughts long ago. "Don't think about anything else. Just give birth to the kid. I will use the Heaven Revolution Dao to wash away his fate and take away his sins. I will make him part of the Celestial Tranquility Department. That way, the Celestial Tranquility Department will lose the Heaven King forever. Even if the Emperor Of Heaven appears, he won't be that bad."

The Celestial Tranquility Department obtained Dou Yiyu's sacrifice. The sacrifice power was like an ocean that surged endlessly. This power was so pure that one didn't need to refine it and Gu Chensha would be able to obtain huge benefits.

Now, Gu Chensha was at the Dao Realm Transformation 33 Truth Saint Heart. If he wanted to advance to the Dao Realm Transformation 34 Controlling Fate, he would need a huge fortuitous encounter.

After obtaining Dou Yiyu's loyalty, not only did he obtain the sacrifice power, but he also felt like his fate had increased. He had a clearer grasp of the future and could even change the direction of the future.

This was because Dou Yiyu would be the mother of the Heaven King in the future. She herself had fate and was an important person. However, Dou Yiyu's fate couldn't be compared to her soon-to-be-born son, Punishment King.

"If I can make Punishment King join my Celestial Tranquility Department, with this fate and luck, I can break through many barriers. At least if I can make him yield, I can weaken the fate of the future Celestial Dynasty. That way, I can easily break through to the Dao Realm Transformation 34 Controlling Fate Realm. Then, I can accumulate strength and reach the Chaotic Dust Realm. It wouldn't be surprising for me to reach the Celestial Tranquility Realm at the Celestial Tranquility Realm."

Gu Chensha had a plan in his heart. "If I reach the Dao Realm Transformation 36 Changing Celestial Tranquility Realm, my combat strength will increase by several times. At that time, I will be able to deduce where the various Heaven Kings are. The most important thing is to obtain the Gate Jin King and the Chaotic Dragon Gate. After refining it, I will be able to cultivate the strongest foundations and enter Celestial Venerable Realm. If I reach Celestial Venerable Realm, then it will be easy for me to suppress the world. " Gu Chensha was aiming for this realm.

His current realm was still too low and it wasn't enough to challenge the Heaven Dao. Even if he managed the God Continent and collected many treasures to craft the God Continent Gourd, he was still stuck at Saint Realm and was restricted by the Heaven Dao. If he became Celestial Venerable, then it would be totally different. He would be like a dragon returning to the ocean, a bird returning to the forest, a tiger returning to the mountain. He would be free and could attack or retreat.

Moreover, he could suppress Gu Tiansha now, but if he reached Celestial Venerable Realm, then it would be hard for him to suppress him. At that time, there would be more variables.

He and Gu Tiansha were people who didn't appear in the future. It was really difficult for such people to break through, but once they did, the ability to suppress heaven and earth and reverse the Heaven Dao would show itself.

Now, Gu Tiansha had obtained the source of the Sun Moon Lord and along with Great Burning King's loyalty, it was just a matter of time before he reached Celestial Venerable Realm. This was why he had to speed up.

"Give birth to my son?"

Dou Yiyu still couldn't accept the fact that she had a son. Especially since she didn't know who the son in her body belonged to.

"I'll give you a hand now."

Gu Chensha flipped his hands and formed a seal. Then, his Divine Land Gourd flew out. Lightning crackled within it, and smoke seeped out, enveloping Dou Yiyu.

The Divine Land Gourd had completely transformed. It wasn't like it had been in the past, because it had fused with 20 Endless Treasures.

It could be said that the current Divine Land Gourd wasn't inferior to the Desolate Dragon Sect, the Sacrificial Talisman, and the Hong Meng Tree.

Every time an Endless Treasure was added, its power would multiply. It wasn't as simple as one plus one equals two. The 20 Endless Treasures took up more than half of the Endless Number. The number of Endless Number was 36.

Now that Gu Chensha had fused 20 Endless Treasures into a furnace and used his own life to activate it, it became his second clone. Its power was unimaginable.

The smoke that seeped out of the Divine Land Gourd helped Dou Yiyu wash away some kind of sin. Then, it seeped into her body and started to wrap around the little life inside her.

The little life kept wriggling, activating the nature of a Heavenly King. It was the Punisher Heavenly King.

"How mysterious."

Gu Chensha also felt that it was mysterious. Why was the new life born was the Punisher Heavenly King? How was the Heavenly King Origin born?

Even with his cultivation base and divination ability, he couldn't figure it out. He could only use this to pry into the secrets of the Heavenly Dao. This was the power of the Heavenly Dao to create things.

However, the birth of the Punisher Heavenly King gave Gu Chensha a lot of experience. He felt that the fate of the future was clearer. Many things that he couldn't see clearly and couldn't figure out became clearer.

"Hahaha, so that's how it is. The Dao of fate controls the Heavenly Dao. It's just a small change." Gu Chensha suddenly had a hint of understanding. "Come out, Punisher Heavenly King!"

As he poured a large amount of power into it, the little life inside Dou Yiyu's body grew stronger. Then, it suddenly let out a cry and came out of Dou Yiyu's head. When it came out, it was a divine light. Within the divine light was a baby. Behind the baby, there was a circle of light. You could vaguely see the cries of countless immortals. Countless cages imprisoned countless gods, demons, immortals, demons, and even powerful beings.

His birth brought with it the punishment of weapons. He brought with him a fiendish aura, majesty, and intimidation. This was the Punisher Heavenly King.

After being born, the baby-like Punisher Heavenly King opened his eyes and looked at Gu Chensha. Immediately, an incomparably deep hatred and killing intent appeared in the depths of his eyes. Although he was born after absorbing Gu Chensha's power, he had a deep hatred for Gu Chensha. This came from an instinct. He had to kill Gu Chensha.

But the baby didn't attack. Instead, he turned into a streak of light and tried to escape. He knew that he definitely wasn't Gu Chensha's match.

Even the Grand Incinerating Heavenly King, who wielded countless treasures and was at the Heaven Longevity Realm, as well as an empire with hundreds of billions of worshipers, was defeated by the Ancient Dust Sand. Moreover, the current Ancient Dust Sand was countless times more powerful than before.

"Not bad, not bad. The moment you are born, you have the 20 changes of the Dao Realm, Convergence and Dispersion Impermanence Realm. You also have magic power." Gu Chensha casually moved and stopped the baby … a