Chapter 462
===========

Dou Nineteen was indeed influential. He was the son of one of the three Heavenly Venerables, Dou Nineteen. Although he was hated by everyone in the Mystic Gate, no one dared to offend him.

The white tiger egg was something that the three Heavenly Venerables possessed, so it was easy for him to obtain it. The azure dragon egg was in the Black Heaven Earth Gate. After he went up, he used another white tiger egg to exchange for the azure dragon egg. The three Heavenly Venerables had more than one white tiger egg.

It was extremely difficult to hatch the eggs of the four sacred beasts. This was also the law of the world. If it was easy to hatch, such a powerful existence would break the balance of the world. The four sacred beasts were so few and almost extinct because of the difficulty of hatching them. Since ancient times, only the Son of Heaven's Sun-Moon Dragon Blood could hatch them.

Therefore, there was an ancient rumor that when the Son of Heaven went on patrol, the four spirits would accompany him.

Gu Chensha had the Sun-Moon Dragon Blood, so he had hatched the Black Tortoise and the Vermilion Bird. However, his current Heavenly Law was of a higher grade than the Sun-Moon Dragon Blood.

The Sun-Moon Dragon Blood was the Son of Heaven's blood, while the Heavenly Law's quality was the Heavenly Lord's magic power. Gu Chensha stopped using the Five Elements.

He looked at the two eggs and carefully sized them up. Then, he slowly injected his magic power into them. As he did so, crack, crack!

The two eggs immediately began to split open, giving birth to a little azure dragon and a little white tiger.

"There's indeed a will hidden inside."

The moment the two sacred beasts were born, Gu Chensha discovered an extremely obscure and mysterious will lurking inside. If not for his Heavenly Law's quality, he would not have discovered it at all.

Zhuge Ya suddenly pointed upwards. A golden light shone down, dispersing the obscure will completely. That golden token was the "Like I Am Here" bestowed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

"This has nothing to do with me." Dou Nineteen immediately expressed his stance. "It should be the Black Heaven Earth Gate's sect master's doing."

"This old thing has been doing this for a long time. Back then, he was the one hiding in the azure dragon divine wood, but he went out for wool and came home shorn." Gu Chensha laughed and injected his magic power again.

Immediately, a white tiger the size of a fist and an azure dragon the size of a small water snake flew up and circled around his body.

"Go, gather the four beasts!"

Gu Chensha gathered White Tiger, Little Azure Dragon, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise into the Heavenly Demon Tree to build a nest.

The entire Heavenly Demon Tree, which had gathered the four images, suddenly shook as if it was filled with another kind of vitality. The Four Symbols actually resonated with the stars in the sky.

The 28 Fey Gods were equivalent to the Azure Dragon's seven mansions, the Black Tortoise's seven mansions, the Vermilion Bird's seven mansions, and the White Tiger's seven mansions.

Now that the Four Symbols were gathered together, from a certain perspective, they had formed a complete ecology of the Heavenly Demon Tree. Rumble!

With the Four Symbols gathered, the Heavenly Demon Tree once again glowed with vitality. Countless bursts of vitality violently erupted, and layers of dazzling light rippled between heaven and earth.

Gu Chensha's body twisted and turned into a five-colored divine light that directly entered the Heavenly Demon Tree, swimming among the tree's roots and leaves.

After making a full circle, he came out of the Heavenly Demon Tree and transformed back into himself. Meanwhile, the quality and realm of his Heavenly Path technique had been upgraded.

"Unity of Man and Tree! The man is the tree, and the tree is the man. "

Gu Chensha understood the transformation of the unity of man and tree. The Heavenly Demon Tree itself was refined by him. In the beginning, it was the seed of the blood-sucking magic vine. In the bottomless Sea of Sin grassland, it killed countless evil spirits. Later, it absorbed the primordial spiritual treasure and finally became what it was now. This tree could be said to be his avatar. Or rather, his other true body. It was just that he couldn't completely understand the secret of the tree's true body yet.

Fortunately, after making a circle in the tree, he became more and more familiar with the circulation of his Dharmic powers. Coupled with the gathering of the Four Symbols Sacred Beasts, he broke through his Five Elements Extreme Transformation and cultivated to the 22 changes of the Dao Realm, the Law Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth.

In just three months, Gu Chensha crossed two major transformations from the 20 changes of the Dao Realm. First, he transformed into the Five Elements, and then he reached the Law Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth.

Once the Law Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth was completed, his Dharmic powers could really evolve into anything in the world and never regress.

However, the following 23 changes, Past Reflection, was not so easy to comprehend. Even Zhuge Ya and Fa Wuxian were stuck in this realm for some time. This was also an important juncture to comprehend the secret of time.

Gu Chensha had long known that with his own accumulation, as long as he cultivated Dharmic powers, he could continuously break through realms. It wouldn't be a problem to cultivate the 22 changes, Law Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth. However, the 23 changes, Past Reflection, had to be accumulated and comprehended again. It was extremely difficult.

Of course, no matter how difficult it was, it wouldn't be more difficult than when he comprehended from the 19 changes to the 20 changes.

This change was when he directly cultivated the quality of the Heavenly Path technique. Since ancient times, no one had been able to comprehend this quality.

"Congratulations King, you have finally cultivated to the Law Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth Realm. You have broken through two stages."

Zhuge Ya's expression was filled with joy. "With your current strength, no one below the 27 Transformations is a match for you. Even if it's an expert who has cultivated the True Dragon Technique to the Two Hundred and Sixty Thousand Techniques Return to One, only then would they be able to escape from you. The rest won't even be able to take one strike. "

To be able to cultivate the True Dragon Technique, unless one had a fortuitous encounter like Wu Dangkong, one had to be a natural saint. For example, Fa Wuxian.

Based on what Zhuge Ya said, even if Fa Wuxian cultivated the 26 changes, 10,000 Techniques Return to One and reached the peak, he could only escape from Gu Chensha. It would be extremely difficult for him to defeat Gu Chensha.

Now, when Fa Wuxian fought Jing Qiu, he was also at the 22 changes, Law Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth. He wasn't even able to use the River of All Beings.

Even after that battle, he had pondered over the painful experience and comprehended the profundities of it. His current realm was only at the twenty-third transformation, "Past Reflection". The difference in combat strength between him and Gu Chensha was simply too great. The main reason was the difference between the True Dragon Technique and the Heaven Path Technique.

For example, if two swordsmen were to compete in swordsmanship, one would use an ordinary wooden sword, while the other would use the Nine Heavens Godly Sword that the ancient Son of Heaven had obtained by killing nine thousand demon kings and sacrificing them to the Heavenly Dao, how could they compete?

Although the True Dragon Technique and Heaven Path Technique were just one stage apart, the gap was just that huge.

Even before Gu Chensha cultivated the Heaven Path Technique, Fa Wuxian wouldn't be his match at the same realm, much less now.

"Is this the Dao Realm 22 Changes, Law Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth?"

Gu Chensha's body moved slightly, and his powers turned into the surging River of All Beings. The mountains and rivers, the commoners, the kings, the generals, and everything else were all within.

The River of All Beings formed a surging torrent that could refine everything, change everything, and evolve everything.

Back then, when Wu Dangkong comprehended the River of All Beings, he had actually trapped Gu Chensha for a full month.

Now, the River of All Beings that Gu Chensha had transformed into was many times stronger than Wu Dangkong's.

Dou Nineteen was shocked to find that the River of All Beings that Gu Chensha had transformed into seemed to be able to evolve all beings and create a brand new world.

He knew how amazing Gu Chensha was, and he also knew that Gu Chensha had broken through unprecedented restrictions and cultivated the Heaven Path Technique. Even with his pride, he knew that he couldn't offend this fellow.

"You should be able to let me off now, right?" Seeing the four saint beasts hatch, Dou Nineteen said anxiously.

"Of course, our Calming Xian Department will not go back on our words."

Gu Chensha was the first to express his opinion. "Of course, we have signed a series of cooperation agreements, and each of us has our own benefits. Our Tranquil Immortal Department has taken advantage of you by obtaining the Azure Dragon and White Tiger eggs from you.

Of course, if you lose, it will be our spoils of war. After all, the three Celestial Venerables are our mortal enemies. Of course, we will not go back on our word. We will give you the bloodlines of the North Star Beast, the Vermilion Bird, the Black Tortoise, the Azure Dragon, and the White Tiger. Then, I will use my Heaven Path Technique to refine them in your body, allowing you to step into the Twenty-Six Transformations, All in One level.

However, although we have the four saint beasts and can give you the pure bloodlines, we can't do anything about the North Star Beast's bloodline. We obtained a bit of the North Star Beast's bloodline from Jing Qiu, but after absorbing it, the bloodline became extremely diluted. We can't extract it at all. That's why we still need the North Star Beast's bloodline. "

"The North Star Beast isn't oviparous. It's different from the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermilion Bird, and the Black Tortoise." Dou Nineteen frowned. "There has only been one North Star Beast since ancient times, and it is the manifestation of the Laws of the Earth.

The North Star Beast has no descendants. Unless we find the North Star Beast's main body and obtain its bloodline, we will be able to combine the five elements into one again. " "Of course. That will depend on your mystiques."

Gu Chensha said, "How about this? I will let you go now, but you have to leave a life mark on the Heavenly Demon Tree. How about that?

You think of a way to obtain the North Star Beast's bloodline, and I will refine it for you. In the future, we will work together for mutual benefit. " "That's fine too."

Dou Nineteen agreed cleanly. Leaving his life mark was tantamount to handing over the key to the Celestial Venerables. However, it was still better than the current situation. He was eager to escape, so he didn't care.

As he spoke, he gathered his birth date and his life mark, forming a talisman that he hung on the Heavenly Demon Tree.

"Alright, you can go now." Gu Chensha opened the Life's Wish sphere and sent Dou Nineteen out. As expected, he didn't kill him.

"This kid left this life mark, so we can control his every move. However, as the son of the three Celestial Venerables, he naturally has a way to sever his life mark.

As long as he seeks help from the sect's god-rank experts or Sages, I'm afraid it will be impossible for us to completely control him. "Zhuge Ya was clear.