Chapter 996
===========

Remember in One Second [Pen? Writing ☆ Learning This is a wonderful free reading without a pop-up window! Chapter 993: New Fate

"Your Majesty, you're the only one left in the Heavenly Court." Hua Mingsha was created by the Celestial Monarch. She was truly loyal and had no selfishness.

"You'll have a great opportunity in the future. Wait for it. Don't miss it. Bring the stars to the lower world." The Emperor Of Heaven waved.

Immediately, a powerful force sent Hua Mingsha into the Human Realm. Then, the Heavenly Court was completely sealed, and no traces of her could be found.

"In the future, those who are fated will enter the Heavenly Court by chance and obtain divine arts and cultivation. The Heavenly Court will become an eternal legend and hope. It will not truly appear in the world. The incarnation of the Heavenly Court will become hope, existing in the hearts of people. In everyone's hearts, when they are in despair, when they have lost everything, they will look to the Heavenly Court as their last hope. This is the meaning of the Heavenly Court's existence, and also the sublimation of the Heavenly Court."

The Emperor Of Heaven's voice appeared in Hua Mingsha's ears. "After you descend, no matter what you do, you can spread this idea. The Heavenly Court is where hope is. As long as people have hope, the Heavenly Court will exist forever. It will appear in people's hearts." This was the Emperor Of Heaven's Dao. The Dao of Salvation, the Dao of Hope, the Dao of Redemption, the Final Spark.

The moment the Celestial Thearch concealed the Heavenly Court, he seemed to have comprehended some kind of powerful spell and cultivation base.

In the river of fate, the two-headed dragon's fate energy suddenly increased. One of its heads swelled, revealing sharp teeth. It looked like it was going to bite off the other head.

'Not bad, not bad. The Emperor Of Heaven's strength has increased dramatically, and hasn't been weakened by the weakening of the Heavenly Court. Incredible. If he devours the Fourth, and fuses them, he might be able to draw on his destiny and jump out of my river of fate.

Still, the Fourth isn't easy to deal with. He's been the Nihility Ancestor for a long time, and he's learned the Path of Immortality. I wonder if he can enter the ninth level of Immortality? "Gu Chensha observed the River of Fate. The River of Destiny was in his palm.

A long river flickered incessantly. All living beings, the void, time, and everything else were shrouded by the long river. However, the speed of the long river's flow was sometimes fast and sometimes slow. It was as if the future was being distorted. There was a great power resisting Gu Dusha's control. Gu Chensha knew that the terrifying thing was about to be born. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha tossed the River of Fate away, and his body moved. He arrived at a place that no one else could reach.

This was a deep and serene place that did not exist in any time or space. It was a place that did not exist in any time or space.

This space was infinitely vast, as if it was the origin of everything. The chaos in the past was huge, but it was nothing in front of this place. This place couldn't be described as big, because there was no concept of size, time, and space. There was a terrifying will everywhere in this place.

In the center, there was a wriggling thing that was many times bigger than the Human World. This thing wasn't material, it wasn't energy, it wasn't material, and it wasn't energy either.

This material was the most terrifying existence that was formed when the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian collapsed and fused together.

Gu Chensha finally arrived, but he couldn't destroy and absorb this terrifying existence, because he found that the inside of this terrifying existence had reached the ninth level of Immortality. It was even stronger than him.

"The strength of the Origin is indeed terrifying." Gu Chensha nodded. Weng weng weng …

At this moment, a ghostly wail resounded. A human face appeared in the core of the Origin, it was the face of Heavenly Talisman Sovereign Gu Taxian.

"Imperial Father?" Gu Chensha's heart thumped.

"Gu Chensha, you're amazing, you actually made it here."

Heavenly Talisman Sovereign Gu Taxian's face suddenly turned ferocious, "You've imprisoned my will, trying to refine it, but it's impossible. Also, the part of my will in the Hongling Sand, Zhang Yiren is only a billionth of mine. When I'm born, I'll devour you completely, and you'll die a tragic death." "Nineteenth Imperial Son, you're very good."

All of a sudden, Heavenly Talisman Emperor Gu Taixian's face turned solemn. "You've also reached this place, and your cultivation base has already surpassed mine. Seems like my various arrangements have paid off. My fusion with the heavenly daos isn't as simple as one plus one. It's a breakthrough that will result in a profound explosion that will change the laws of the universe. However, this isn't a good thing, so I need you to regulate and suppress it." "Gu Chensha, you better die."

Heavenly Talisman Sovereign Gu Taxian's face changed again, this time, it was a malevolent expression, "Gu Taxian will be devoured by me sooner or later. You can't do anything to me, you can only watch as I appear, and destroy your people." Sou!

The face opened its mouth and spat. Suddenly, a wave of power condensed into a spear and shot towards Gu Chensha.

The power produced by this spear could even pierce through a Heaven Realm expert, killing him in one hit.

Sadly, when this power reached Gu Chensha, it directly collapsed, not even leaving a mark on his clothes.

"Good brat."

Heavenly Talisman Sovereign Gu Taxian's face shrieked, "Seems like you're indeed my greatest enemy since I came into this world. However, you've made a fatal mistake, you actually comprehended the tenth level of the Immortal Realm. This has inspired me, I can cultivate to the tenth level of the Immortal Realm faster than you. At that time, it will be the time of your death." "There's no way you can cultivate to the tenth level of the Immortal Realm."

Gu Chensha sighed and said, "However, the two of us will definitely have a battle. You are the product of the fusion of the Heavenly Dao and Father Emperor Gu's Immortal Treading. You have metamorphosed and reached a whole new realm. This is also pushing the entire world and the universe forward.

But in the end, your origin energy will fuse with the universe, causing the entire world to enter a brand new state.

Of course, when you first came into this world, you'll still be suppressed by me. This is your fate, I've already planned it for you. Bind! " The River of Fate appeared in Gu Chensha's palm once more. In an instant. The fate energy in this place gathered and entered the River of Fate.

"What? You want to gather my fate energy into the River of Fate you've created to arrange my fate? You're too audacious. Moreover, I no longer have any fate energy left. "

Heavenly Talisman Sovereign Gu Taxian's face was enraged. Countless lightning bolts shot towards Gu Chensha.

Each of these lightning bolts could destroy the Heavenly World, but they couldn't do anything to Gu Chensha at all. Gu Chensha continuously extracted fate energy, forcefully changing it. Rumble! All of a sudden, a giant beast was born in the River of Fate.

It wasn't a dragon, nor was it a snake, nor was it a primordial beast. Instead, it was a ball-like object with countless eyes and tentacles. Each tentacle was a giant dragon. This was the fate energy of a terrifying thing.

It originally didn't have fate energy, and it couldn't be bound by fate. However, Gu Chensha had forced it to give birth to fate energy, which was equivalent to dragging it down and lowering its cultivation level.

"Hahahaha …" Gu Chensha's figure flickered, and he left. "You're terrifying, but I've still managed to grab hold of your fate energy, binding it in the River of Fate. I'll be able to obtain more data, and it'll be easier for me to break through to the ninth level of Immortality."

Suddenly, an enormous beast appeared in the river of fate. It was a sphere covered with eyeballs and tentacles, and the tentacles were like enormous dragons. It was a terrifying thing that caused all of the experts present to be completely shocked.

This was especially true for the ancestors who had reached the Heaven realm. They could feel the fate in the river of fate rising and falling. They wanted to use their fate at all times to break through the restriction of the river of fate.

However, the power of the River of Fate was growing stronger and stronger, and their efforts were futile. They were like flies that had fallen into a spider's web. They couldn't do anything about it.

Originally, the strongest fate energy in the River of Fate was a two-headed dragon. It was the combination of the Emperor Of Heaven and the Fourth Gu Huasha.

But now, something that was thousands of times stronger than the Two-headed True Dragon had appeared.

"Terrifying."

In a place in the Human World, the Fourth Gu Huasha was sitting cross-legged, comprehending the Dao of Immortality. He had reached the eighth level of Immortality, Immortality, and was in the Heavenly World. Next, he would advance to the Heavenly Dao, and then comprehend the Dao of Immortality. This level of cultivation had already surpassed many ancestors. Therefore, among the ancestors, the Nihility Ancestor was number one.

In the past hundred years, Gu Huasha had established the Nihility Ancestor's name. It could be said that he had occupied fate energy, and his cultivation had increased by leaps and bounds. This was his strategy. He could see the terrifying fate energy in the River of Fate.

"This is the fate energy of a terrifying existence that's about to be born? The fate energy of Gu Taxian's entanglement with the Heavenly Dao?

But this isn't what I'm surprised about. Logically speaking, this thing has long since surpassed fate energy, and shouldn't be bound by anything. But now, it's being controlled by the River of Fate. In other words, Gu Chensha is so strong that even the fate energy of this thing is bound by the River of Fate? Such a realm is simply unimaginable. "

The Fourth Gu Huasha was shaken. This Gu Chensha and I don't walk the same path. I do my best to maintain the desires of all living beings, to live a wonderful life, and to maintain the meaning of reality. But Gu Chensha wants to drag all living beings into destruction and illusion. My path is the right one. "