Chapter 887
===========

Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, and the others formed the Celestial Pacification Department, which had given the people of the world far too many things.

They had allowed the people of the world to cultivate, then passed on the Human Dragon Fist Technique, and created all sorts of tools to help the people of the world live better. The original contributions of the Celestial Pacification Department could not be buried.

But now, as humanity grew stronger, the people's horizons were broadened, and the desires in their hearts grew greater and greater. As a result, many people became disloyal. Not only did they covet the throne, they also wanted to obtain more things.

In this way, the hearts of the people of the world naturally began to disperse. Ambition grew, and naturally, the sacrifices were reduced.

Sacrifices did not necessarily have to be carried out in public with all sorts of grand and solemn ceremonies. The main thing was the recognition of the people.

If the people approved of you, even if there were no ceremonies, they would still have the power of sacrifice if they secretly talked about your various benefits. On the contrary, if the people did not approve of you, they would all have their own ulterior motives. No matter how grand the ceremonies were, they would not be able to obtain the power of sacrifice.

Now that the Dragonless Cabinet had been formed, Gu Chensha and the others no longer called for the people to hold sacrifices. Everything was done according to their own hearts.

Although one-third of the people had already developed other thoughts, there was still a majority of the people who deeply approved of the imperial court, the Dragonless Cabinet, and even the previous Celestial Pacification Department. In fact, one-fifth of the people's gratitude towards the imperial court was as firm as a boulder, unshakable. Their power of sacrifice was pure, rich, and heavy. It was the true foundation.

"Imprisoning the world is a wise decision, but it has the opposite effect. In this way, I'm afraid those who originally supported us will change their minds."

Gu Chensha waved his hand, not agreeing with Zhuge Ya's view. "Of course, I'm also considering your worries. But I'm condensing an eternal truth, a mental cultivation method of the highest realm. Those who approve of me will follow this mental cultivation method and cultivate to the highest realm. There is hope for them to be immortal, indestructible, indestructible, inexhaustible, and incorruptible.

And those who do not approve of me will naturally have no hope of reaching this realm. Under the drive of this realm, the people will naturally approve of my truth.

My Dragonless Heart Sutra is at this level, surpassing the two civilizations. It is the supreme truth of the Heavenly Dao.

Of course, it's not perfect yet, but I'm confident that if I continue to spread it, the truth will be understood and accepted by people. This is eternal nothingness.

If we want to create a new world, an unprecedented achievement, then we definitely can't continue the imperial schemes of our predecessors, or the techniques to imprison the wisdom of the people.

What we need to do is to cultivate the absolute truth, to be absolutely supreme. As a pioneer, we have to open up a path that is absolutely correct. If the people who come after us don't follow our path, then they will have to take a detour. This was what it meant to be upright.

The path is right under our feet. It's up to you whether you want to walk it or not. If you follow my path, you'll become immortal. If you don't, you'll fall. I believe that people will make the right choice and judgment. This is what we have to do. Only with this mentality can we walk to the end. Otherwise, any deviation or schemes will make us vanish into the crowd. " "Not bad."

After hearing this, Zhuge Ya let out a long roar. "This is indeed the overall state of our imperial court, the Dragonless Cabinet. We have to spread this ideology and spirit." "You must bring up this ideology."

After hearing Gu Chensha's words, Lou Baiyue also nodded. "With this ideology as the foundation, it's tantamount to setting up an immortal pillar. Even if it's the Emperor Of Heaven or the Heavenly Dao, it won't be easy to shake it."

As she spoke, a wave of fate energy spread out, enveloping the entire Dragonless Gourd. The originally boiling sacrificial pool actually began to calm down.

This was the true core of the imperial court, the Dragonless Cabinet. The ideology of ruling the world was finally determined. As soon as these words were spoken, the fate energy could sense that an immortal foundation had really been set up. From this, it could be seen that Gu Chensha's approach was truly the correct one. Now, every move of the people in the Dragonless Cabinet would affect the world.

Therefore, they had decided on the core ideology. The world was unknowingly changing, and there would be great changes in the future.

"Our fate energy has solidified, and is virtually unshakable."

Lou Baiyue could see that even though the Imperial Court's Fate and Providence had not started to increase, they had become many times more condensed and stable than before. In fact, they were still condensing and becoming more solid. It gave off a feeling of indestructibility and indestructibility.

"Next, we'll follow this strategy." Gu Chensha's body flickered as he left the Dragonless Gourd and entered the Central Divine Prefecture.

He wanted to see what was going on among the people, to see how their hearts had changed, and what their mental processes were like. This was a type of cultivation that he had been practicing.

Originally, the Great Yongchō was a place where the people were united, and the destiny of the nation was highly condensed. Ever since Gu Chensha had suppressed the world-destroying flood that had exploded the capital city, the destiny of the nation and the hearts of the people had reached a new peak.

However, in the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman, the Heavenly Dao had stopped watching over it.

Cultivation among the people was in full swing, and the speed at which they rose through the ranks was incredibly fast.

This was what it meant to say that hardship could bring prosperity to a nation, and that one could perish in a state of leisure.

The Heavenly Dao was tied down by Gu Taxian, and could no longer destroy the world. Therefore, they simply poured oil on the fire, causing the world to expand and then collapse on its own. It had to be said that this was the most brilliant method. Gu Chensha suggested a way to deal with it.

"Xian Province is where the hearts of the people have changed the most."

Gu Chensha had now landed in Xian Province. With a shake of his body, he transformed into a young man in gray linen clothes. He was not a Confucian scholar, but a wanderer of the pugilistic world.

Ever since the arrival of the Yongchō, although the secret surveillance was tight, the atmosphere of the world was very relaxed on the surface. It could be said that the world was tight on the inside and loose on the outside.

Many of the people who had cultivated to the Dao Realm had traveled the world, becoming wanderers and adventurers. They weren't scholars.

That was because the Imperial Court had actually gone through a defunct attitude. There were fewer and fewer officials, and they were all replaced by common people generals, common people marquises, common people generals, and common people small officials. These common people puppets didn't know fatigue, and they were thorough in their work. They had no selfish motives, and no one would be able to pick out their mistakes. This led to the Imperial Court's efficiency greatly increasing, and it also prevented the people from having any grievances against the Imperial Court. Just like that, many things were avoided.

Of course, without a promotion channel, the common people would also lose some kind of binding and control power. This was also a big drawback. The biggest reason why the imperial examinations were held in the past dynasties was to rope in the scholars of the common people and give them a channel to promote, so that they would not wander about among the common people and develop resentment. Over time, they would have the intention to rebel.

However, as a solution to this problem, Gu Chensha had a countermeasure, which was to encourage people to fight against the Demon Race. The number of demons they killed would determine the amount of merits they would get. Those who contributed a lot could use their merits to exchange for various cultivation techniques, pills, and treasures from the Calming Celestial Department.

This was also a brand new promotion channel, and it also solved the problem of the Demon Race's invasion.

Gu Chensha had now landed in Xian Province because for some reason, Xian Province was the place where people's hearts were lost the fastest. In the process of the common people general's inspection, there seemed to be no problems in Xian Province on the surface, and there were no evil spirits causing trouble. There weren't even any traces of heavenly kings. However, Gu Chensha knew that there was indeed something fishy about this matter.

After all, the common people general was at the Celestial Venerable Realm, but Gu Chensha's opponents were too strong. They were heavenly kings and the Emperor Of Heaven at the drop of a hat. If these people purposely hid, the common people general's celestial venerable realm couldn't find any traces at all.

Moreover, Gu Chensha's main body was suppressing the restlessness of the divine continent and the four desolate lands to prevent any problems. Moreover, he was preparing a divine ability to completely refine the divine continent and the four desolate lands, turning them into a part of his Dragonless Gourd. This would require some time and energy, and it was definitely a huge project.

Gu Chensha arrived at the border of Xian Province, the place where it connected to the desolate lands. Not long ago, this place was the main battlefield, and the commerce here was flourishing. However, as the barbarians were gradually expelled, the trade here declined. However, as the population grew, the trade here flourished again.

The Great Wall of Stone stood at the border like a coiled dragon, and its momentum grew stronger and stronger. It was like a rope that firmly bound the divine continent.

At this time, Gu Chensha also saw the purpose of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor building the Great Wall of Stone. Defending against the barbarians was only a small part of it. The main purpose was to seal off the divine continent, cutting off some channel of the divine continent's transformation into the future Heavenly Court. This made it easier to suppress and refine the divine continent.

Gu Chensha gradually saw the height of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian. He could understand many of Gu Taxian's plans in the past. The reason why he promoted Lou Baiyue was because Lou Baiyue had the origin of the Empress of Heaven in her body. Then, he made Gu Xuansha crown prince so that he could use Gu Xuansha to imprison the One God System and the warships of the prehistoric civilization. There were many wonderful uses for building the Great Wall of Stone.

Now that the Great Wall of Stone was here, Gu Chensha felt that refining the divine continent would save him a lot of energy.

There were many tourists on the Great Wall of Stone. There were also many shops on the Great Wall, selling all kinds of things. These shops were all owned by the government. They brought all kinds of special products from the Demon Area of Sin Province to exchange for all kinds of things in the depths of the Desolate Land. It was convenient for the people to buy and trade.

Since the Great Wall of Stone had been built, it had become a landmark. Everyone was willing to come here to see the scenery, to appreciate the Desolate Land and the inside of the pass.

There were more and more tourists on the Great Wall of Stone every year, and it became more and more prosperous. Moreover, there were several disasters in the divine continent, such as earthquakes and floods. Other places would be shaken, but the Great Wall of Stone did not move. It seemed to have become a place of refuge. When the supernatural spread, more people came to understand the mysteries. 。 a