Chapter 733
===========

In the Central Plains of the divine continent, there had always been famous officials who had made great contributions to the region and were loved and respected by the people.

Some of these officials were honest and just, some were upright and plainspoken, some did good deeds, while others spread their knowledge to the world. The people built shrines for them, worshipped them, and even called them gods.

Even after death, such officials would retain some of their spirituality, and they might even become Yin gods like the Earth God or City God of a region.

Their descendants all had a bit of fate energy, they could obtain fortune, fortune, longevity, and so on.

Take Hu Gu for example. Although she was only a nine-tailed celestial fox and not an official, she treated the people's illnesses and answered all their requests. That was why her worship never ended. These weren't righteous gods, but Yin gods, but they could more or less continue to exist.

It wasn't until the Heavenly Talisman Emperor unified the entire divine continent that he abolished all worship. Not to mention these Yin Gods, even the righteous gods conferred by the Heavenly Emperor were either killed or sealed. The entire world was swept clean.

This was a thunderous method that swept away all the evils and demons, causing the political world to be free of countless restraints. Because of this, the world had flourished for more than thirty years.

Otherwise, if they didn't get rid of all the Yin God Ancestral Temples in the past dynasties, the local government wouldn't be able to carry on.

For example, if a local official wanted to carry out all sorts of reforms, the local families would oppose it in the name of many ghosts and gods.

Once ghosts and gods were involved, it would become a mess and there would be no reason to reason with them.

Especially the ghosts and gods in the ancestral shrines of upright officials. They were righteous figures and were the greatest obstacles.

Originally, there had been many land gods, mountain gods, and water gods in the Central Divine Prefecture. Most of them had been worshiped by the common people after the death of officials of the court. But ever since Gu Chensha was born, all of this had vanished.

If these still existed, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor would not be able to carry out his political work of dredging canals, moving mountains, and repairing roads. Think about it, the river god would never allow such a thing to happen if a river was to be rebuilt.

Not only would he stop it, he could even mobilize his followers to incite the people and make the local officials shrink back. This was the reason why the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had to be destroyed.

Of course, the righteous officials became Yin Gods because of their own fate energy. Hence, they were able to enjoy the incense.

It was the same for the Common People's Marshals. Their merit and hearts were stronger than any upright official's. Their accumulated fate was also huge. In this era of fortuitous encounters, the fortuitous encounters they obtained were much greater than ordinary people. This was what Gu Huansha and the others were worried about.

Even if the Heavenly Craftsman Institute was supported by the immortals and was supported by the Immortals, they would still be able to support them.

This was the benefit of being the ruler of the Central Divine Prefecture. By gaining the support of the people of the Divine Prefecture, one would be able to gather a huge amount of fate energy, which would lead to fortuitous encounters and allow one to cultivate very quickly.

Think, 360 Marshals could obtain large amounts of fortuitous encounters every day. How quickly would grow? How?

Maybe in just a few years, the 360 Common People's Generals would all be able to reach the Saint Realm. At that time, would the 360 Saints still have a place for the Heavenly Craftsman Institute? That was not all. Now, the 360 God Realm Common People's Generals could also create puppets. Creating a puppet was a piece of cake for a God rank expert.

In addition, with the help of the World Tree from the Celestial Calmness Department, they could create a puppet army that could sweep through the world. They didn't need any manpower, and any commotion in the world could be instantly extinguished.

"No, we can't do nothing and watch as Common People's General grows stronger." Gu Huansha stood up.

"So what exactly are we going to do?"

Maha Linfeng was also at his wit's end. "Actually, Immortal Lord and The Great Spirit God are working together because they are plotting against each other. The Great Spirit God is extremely cunning and we have to be wary of him."

"We knew that long ago. The most important thing now is to work with Lord of Sun Moon Gu Tiansha and borrow his strength to break the seals of the True Gods. Even if we can't break the seals, we have to save God Maha. As long as God Maha is saved, we will have another Heaven Longevity Realm giant in our camp, the king of all gods. Apart from that, God Maha has many evil gods under him, such as the Sun Swallowing Bashe, Hell Snake, Wolf God, Tiger God, Chaos Demon Ape God, Feather God, etc. These True Gods will be our helpers. At that time, we will have an advantage over Celestial Calmness Department."

Gu Huansha said. "Lord of Sun Moon Gu Tiansha probably isn't so easy to contact. I'm afraid he will swallow us first." Maha Sui felt that something was wrong.

"Let's discuss this matter further. We have to come up with a perfect plan." Gu Huansha closed her eyes. At the same time. In the Eastern Wasteland.

At the very center, within a huge mountain range, clouds and mist shrouded it. Within the clouds and mist, one could vaguely see many primordial beasts roaming about.

Countless layers of space overlapped. It was as if every wrong step within the clouds and mist would bring one to a whole new world. This was the location of the Black Heaven Earth Gate, ranked first among the 72 ancient gates.

The Black Heaven Earth Gate was a dimensional realm of its own. No one knew how many secrets it contained, or how much foundation it had.

Even if there was no Empyrean presiding over the entire Black Heaven Earth Gate, even Empyreans wouldn't dare to easily provoke such a colossal existence.

This was because there were many God-rank experts within the Black Heaven Earth Gate. Tens of thousands of years of accumulation, a supreme magic treasure, the Black Heaven Earth Gate, and an ancient Azure Dragon were all existences that could suppress many worlds. And now, a character had arrived within the Black Heaven Earth Gate.

This person wore embroidered clothes and was extremely young. The light of the sun and the moon floated around his body as he broke through all the restrictive spells of the Black Heaven Earth Gate and reached the deepest core of the Black Heaven Earth Gate, right outside the ancient stone gate.

The dimensional realm of the Black Heaven Earth Sect was layered with countless spaces. Even a peak Sage or a Heavenly Venerate powerhouse might get lost in it if they entered. This was the mystery of the Black Heaven Earth Gate. This ancient divine artifact had grown immensely over the past tens of thousands of years.

Even primordial treasures and primordial spiritual treasures could, in fact, grow on their own. As long as they had enough time and accumulated enough power, these treasures could grow at an extremely fast speed. They could even break through to an unpredictable realm on their own. This was the case with the Black Heaven Earth Gate.

"What a divine artifact. The Black Heaven Earth Gate."

This person arrived in front of the Black Heaven Earth Gate and exclaimed in admiration, "With this gate, even if there are no Empyrean presiding over it, we can still protect ourselves."

"The Sun-Moon Master has graced us with your presence. Apologies for not going out to meet you." At this moment, an old voice rang out. An old man appeared in the Black Heaven Earth Gate. It was the Sect Leader.

This young man was the Sun-Moon Master, Gu Tiansha. He looked at the Sect Leader and smiled. "Xuan Qiudao, how did you know I'm the Sun-Moon Master?"

The Sect Leader of the Black Heaven Earth Gate was called Xuan Qiudao. However, there were very few people in this world who knew his real name. Over the past thousands of years, his name had long been hidden. Who would have thought that the Sun-Moon Master, Gu Tiansha, would have known?

"Only the Sun-Moon Master can use the power of the Sun-Moon Great Thousand to pass through the countless barriers of time and space to arrive in front of the Black Heaven Earth Gate." The Sect Leader of the Black Heaven Earth Gate, Xuan Qiudao, spoke very carefully.

"Alright, I'm not here today to fight against you." The Sun-Moon Master, Gu Tiansha, waved his hand. You don't have to be so nervous.

"So the Sun-Moon Master is here to cooperate? How do you plan to cooperate? Join forces against the Calming Immortal Department? "

The Sect Leader of the Black Heaven Earth Gate, Xuan Qiudao, seemed to know something. In fact, all the powerful giants knew what had happened on the Great Stone Wall. A Martial Sage had become a Empyrean. The Sun-Moon Master appeared and was beaten back by Gu Chensha. He was defeated again.

In the past, everyone was looking for the Sun-Moon Master, hoping to find him before he matured. Then, they would devour him and obtain all the mysteries of the Sun-Moon Master.

However, no one expected that the Sun-Moon Master would be so cruel. No one could do anything to him. If they were not captured and refined by him, they would have to burn incense and pray to Buddha.

Now that the Sun-Moon Master, Gu Tiansha, had appeared here, the Sect Leader of the Black Heaven Earth Gate, Xuan Qiudao, was very worried.

Now that the Black Heaven Earth Gate was completely inferior to the Calming Immortal Department, they could only behave with their tails between their legs.

The Sun-Moon Master, Gu Tiansha, was not even afraid of the Calming Immortal Department. Naturally, it would be easy for him to deal with the Black Heaven Earth Gate. However, now that he heard that Gu Tiansha was here to cooperate, Xuan Qiudao was a little relieved.

"Dealing with the Calming Immortal Department is one thing."

The Sun-Moon Master, Gu Tiansha, snapped his fingers. "Actually, I'm here to help the founder of your Black Heaven Earth Gate, the Heaven and Earth Patriarch, revive.

Apart from that, I can also resurrect the fallen Sages of the Xuan Sect of Heaven and Earth. The Xuan Sect of Heaven and Earth has produced many Sage-level experts since the Archean Age. If I'm not wrong, there should be more than 30 of them. However, the only Sage-level experts left are you and the old Azure Dragon. What a pity.

Actually, your son, Xuan Xin, was the most talented one and it was a matter of time before he became a Sage. He might even have become a Celestial Lord. He was a key figure, but he was killed by Gu Taxian. Now that the Heavenly Dao has changed, because of this karma, I can revive Xuan Xin. " "What?" Xuan Qiudao was so shocked that he was trembling. "You can really revive my son?" "Would I, the Sun-Moon Master, lie to you?"

Gu Tiansha sneered. "Of course, to revive these people, there must be a price. I wonder if your Black Heaven Earth Gate can afford it?"

(Important notice: Please use this site's free app. No ads, no errors, fast updates, members synchronized to the bookshelf. Please follow the official WeChat account. appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy) Download the free reader!