Chapter 855
===========

Gu Chensha had finally become a Divergent. This was also one of his trump cards. He had always been using it according to his plan. As the great calamity descended, he fused with the gods and demons, secretly peeking into a realm that was close to breaking away from the Heavenly Dao and subduing ghosts and gods. . "M This kind of realm allowed him to have a deeper understanding of the path of deviants.

Therefore, he turned his latent talent into a Divergent, a Divergent of all living things. If he became a Divergent, all living things would become Divergent as well. This Outlier's transformation was far greater than the Xing Qiong Clan's Outlier King. Rumble!

Gu Chensha's strength rose steadily, and he truly displayed his terrifying strength in front of Chu Feng.

Chu Feng's joyful expression suddenly froze. He didn't know whether he should laugh or cry at this moment. He did not know whether to laugh or cry.

"I've already said that only the Emperor Of Heaven can compete with me. None of you can. Chu Feng, if the Emperor Of Heaven doesn't make a move today, you're basically doomed. Of course, I won't kill you. I'll just extract your source energy and turn you into an ordinary person. You can still learn to live like an ordinary person. I also hope that you can turn over a new leaf."

Gu Chensha grabbed again, and Chu Feng was unable to resist at all. Even the power of the Four Heavenly Kings — Primal Chaos, Zenith Heaven, East Flower, and Wisdom — that he had just obtained were all captured by Gu Chensha.

The power of the four Heavenly Kings gathered into his body. Gu Chensha nodded his head: "What a great tonic."

"Gu Chensha, do you really think I don't have the power to fight back? Heavenly King's Root, Exterminate All Ages!"

All of a sudden, Chu Feng unleashed his trump card. On his body, a myriad of divine lights intertwined and another huge gate was born. As the gate changed, it resonated with the Primitive Dragon Gate. In the blink of an eye, it was as though millions of divine dragons were soaring. This was him activating the connection between his Heavenly King of Jin and the Primitive Dragon Gate, sacrificing everything to kill Gu Chensha.

This was his final trump card. If he did not succeed, the Desolate Dragon Sect and himself would be sacrificed to the Heavenly Dao and disappear. When he was reborn in the future, he would not be himself. Really

"Good, you've got guts. You're actually going to take me down with you."

Gu Chensha nodded, and his expression grew a bit more serious. He waved his hands, causing light to fall like rain, and talismans to fall like sand. The entire area was filled with a type of Chensha. Each grain of Chensha is like a heavenly court, containing all living beings, the legion of gods, the legion of devils, the legion of demons, the legion of immortals. There is nothing they can't contain. "

Inside the Light Rain Talisman Sand, Heavenly King Jin's connection with the Primordial Dragon Sect was severed. Crack!

Chu Feng was like a deflated balloon. His entire body shriveled up, and his Source Energy was constantly being sucked out.

"I don't believe it. I don't believe it. You actually have such methods and divine abilities."

Chu Feng knew that he could no longer resist. Only now did he realize how terrifying Gu Chensha's strength was. Basically, no one could contend against him. "Emperor Of Heaven, quickly come out and suppress this fiend. If this fiend doesn't die, all of us heavenly kings will be devoured by him. At that time, even if you come out, you'll have to expend a lot of energy."

"If the Emperor Of Heaven comes out now, he won't have enough power. If the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor didn't exist, he would naturally be able to suppress the four seas and eight desolaces, the countless worlds, the past, the present, and the future. But now, the majority of the Heavenly Dao's power is entangled with the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. The newly born Emperor Of Heaven's power is insufficient. He also has to follow the rules and slowly increase his cultivation base. It's impossible for him to be invincible the moment he comes out. Besides, since I'm the tribulation you speak of, I won't be destroyed so easily, right? "

Gu Chensha said, "The world before us is chaotic, but after the thirty-six years of Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor, there will be true order. In the future, the Heavenly Court will be established. But in the process of establishing, in order to destroy me, the greatest tribulation, there will be an arduous battle and many people will die. It's even possible that the Emperor Of Heaven will be gravely injured.

Your thinking is too naive. Do you think you can rely on your strength to cause chaos in the Calmness Immortal Division? Isn't this child's play? You'll be stripped away by me. "

As Gu Chensha spoke, his voice was like a great bell. His voice kept vibrating and changing. In the end, it fused together and turned into a powerful note that circled around Chu Feng's body. Chu Feng twisted like a piece of dough. In the end, his foundation rushed out from the top of his head. It was a small door. This door was his origin. He was called the Gate Jin Heavenly King. After passing through this door, he could ascend to the Celestial Court and enjoy the changes of immortality.

In the future, gods, devils, immortals, and even celestial venerables wouldn't be able to live forever. They would fall and weaken due to tribulations. Only by entering the Heavenly Court would they be able to live forever. This was the supreme authority of the Heavenly Court.

However, in Gu Chensha's eyes, this was just a cage that the Heavenly Dao strengthened. After the Heavenly Court was established in the future, there would be a new order in the world. But in reality, this would cause all living beings to lose any possibility of evolution. They would no longer be able to break through the Heavenly Dao and ascend to a higher realm. This was not beneficial to the development of all living beings. Gu Chensha wanted to break all of this.

He was very much looking forward to what the future of the world would be like after all living beings were divergent. This was a kind of exploration spirit.

Under Gu Chensha's operation, all of Chu Feng's origin was stripped away. The Primitive Dragon Gate trembled and turned into a tiny dot, directly entering the Divine Prefecture Gourd. Of course, many of the true gods in the Primitive Dragon Gate didn't know what was going on. They thought that Chu Feng was operating his own body and doing all sorts of things. In a row of courtyards in Sin State City.

Hundreds of reincarnated stars who had been demoted to mortals gathered together. They were all powerless and weaker than ordinary people. Everyone felt like they had lost their parents and were deeply regretful. Only the reincarnated youth of Wenqu Star glared angrily. "Why are you all so dejected?

Lord Gate Jin Heavenly King is operating a supreme divine ability to reverse the situation. He will definitely save us and help us advance further. Now is the time to test our loyalty. If you all regret it here, how will you enter the Heavenly Court in the future and become immortal officials with immortality and enjoy a peerless position? " "Wenqu, do you really think we still have a chance?"

One of the reincarnated stars frowned. He had a bitter expression. "Can Lord Gate Jin Heavenly King really help us turn things around?"

"Of course. Lord Gate Jin Heavenly King is so powerful. He controls the Heavenly Court and enjoys immeasurable benefits. Insignificant Gu Chensha and the Tranquil Immortal Department are not worth mentioning in front of him," the reincarnated youth said fiercely. At this moment, a beam of light suddenly descended from the sky. Zhuge Ya grabbed someone. This person was Chu Feng.

Chu Feng's aura no longer had any signs of being a heavenly king. Like the hundreds of people present, he had completely become an ordinary person.

However, the hatred in his heart could almost drown the world. It was not inferior to the world-destroying flood wave.

When Zhuge Ya descended with Chu Feng, all the reincarnated stars screamed, "No, this is impossible. Lord Gate Jin Heavenly King, you …"

"Everyone, I've already told you that the Gate Jin Heavenly King is just a child in front of His Highness Chensha. He can't even withstand a single blow. His origin, destiny, and even the Chaotic Dragon Gate have been taken by His Highness and integrated into the Divine Land Gourd. His Highness will even integrate the Heavenly Court, the Emperor Of Heaven, and a series of other people into the Divine Land Gourd. You're lucky, you can start all over again. I'm afraid some people won't be able to start all over again." Zhuge Ya put Chu Feng down and left.

"Lord Gate Jin Heavenly King, you …" The reincarnated Literati Star almost fainted. He could not believe the scene in front of him. He thought it was an illusion.

"Literati, don't worry. Although I've lost all my power, I'm still here. I'm the Gate Jin Heavenly King. After going through this tribulation, I'll be even more perfect. I'll be even more powerful in the future. This is a tribulation that the Heavenly Court must face in the future. After the Emperor Of Heaven is born, he'll definitely help us recover our power." Chu Feng still did not give up, but he could no longer do anything.

"Mr. Zhuge, I'll be monitoring these people secretly. Do you think the other heavenly kings will appear here?

Will they rescue the Gate Jin Heavenly King? "Chang Wuqu asked Zhuge Ya. He was monitoring these people closely.

"Although Chu Feng's origin has been taken away, he's still valuable. After all, His Highness didn't take away his memories and experience. He just needs to cultivate a little and he'll be able to grow rapidly. Moreover, in the unseen world, he has his own destiny. "

Zhuge Ya said, "You have to monitor him closely. Right now, His Highness has devoured his origin and the Chaotic Dragon Gate. He's fusing the Chaotic Dragon Gate completely. When that happens, the fate of the nation will completely explode. His Highness Chensha has comprehended the Supreme Dragon Path. First, he can make everyone in the world a genius, an unparalleled genius, then a natural saint, and finally, everyone will become an anomaly." "If that's the case, I'm afraid even the Emperor Of Heaven will be helpless," Chang Wuqu said. (Hold down for three seconds to copy)