Chapter 311
===========

Kong! In the depths of the demon grass, there was another roar as a group of Minotaurs appeared.

The Sheep-Head Monsters in Hell were of a lower grade while the Minotaurs were of a higher grade. The Minotaurs were also really strong. The Minotaurs and Horse-Faces of Hell were still deeply rooted in the hearts of the people.

Legend had it that the Barbaric Barbaric Bull was born from a hybrid between the Minotaurs and a type of beast.

There were hundreds of Minotaurs in this group and they seemed like an army. The Minotaurs at the front had bright red horns and their thick hide had actually formed a demonic totem. The totem was like a formation that could absorb demonic energy to increase its strength.

An Ox-headed Demon Monster that had cultivated a demonic pattern totem on its body was equivalent to an expert of the Human Dao Realm who was willing to abstain from eating.

This was a demonic cultivation technique of Hell. Gu Chensha actually knew it too. When he was at the Martial Path Grandmaster Realm, he would activate his meridians and form a formation to absorb Heaven and Earth Spiritual Energy. After he succeeded, he would step into Dao Realm.

Celestial Dao cultivation was to use one's will to comprehend the barrier between Heaven and Earth. One would cause one's life magnetic field to shake and resonate with Heaven and Earth to open a thin tunnel to absorb Spiritual Energy into one's body.

Both the Celestial Dao and Demon Dao had their own mysteries. Gu Chensha comprehended both and merged them into one to form the Common People Heaven Mending Technique.

"Good fellow, it came to me on its own." Gu Chensha activated the Blood-Sucking Demon Vine.

The vampiric vines had absorbed the essence and blood of hundreds of Sheep-headed Monsters, and their souls were condensed by Gu Chensha. It was already very mysterious. With Gu Chensha's cultivation base and the power of creation of the Sun and Moon Dragon Aura, even ordinary iron could be turned into a flying sword in an instant, not to mention the vampiric vines which originally had intelligence.

The Blood-Sucking Demon Vine's attack strength was really abnormal and it could kill Dao Realm experts. Sou sou sou …

The vine's branches stretched out and stabbed into the bodies of dozens of Minotaurs. It pulled them back and when they fell to the ground, they were already dried up corpses.

"Blood pool, condense!"

Gu Chensha controlled the Blood-Sucking Devil Vines to kill the Ox-headed Devil Beast. Then, he used his secret art again and refined the soil with his Gang Qi, turning it into a pool of blood that was a few acres wide and several meters deep.

The essence blood absorbed by the Vampiric Vines was hard to digest, so it could be stored in the blood pool.

Moreover, those souls could also float in the blood pool, fermenting, and finally provide nutrients for the Vampiric Demon Vines. This was a blatant Fiendish Demon secret technique. Roar!

The leader of the ox-headed devil beasts discovered some clues and led his team to charge over. But the Ximen brothers immediately took action. Their Innate Astral Qi turned into gossamer threads and formed a huge net that trapped all the ox-headed devil beasts.

"This Astral Net technique is quite refined. The two of you should be close to mastering the Ten Transformations Thousand Tasks at One Heart, right?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Your Highness has a keen eye."

Ximen Zuo hurriedly replied, "But these fiends have dense Fiendish Qi. When we circulate our Innate Astral Qi, it is inevitable that our Innate Astral Qi will be contaminated by the Fiendish Qi. When we retract our Innate Astral Qi back into our body, the Fiendish Qi will enter our body and it will be hard to resolve it.

This is also the reason why fiends are hard to deal with. The Fiendish Qi will contaminate our Innate Astral Qi. "

"It's fine. I will immediately set up the Heavenly Cycle Stellar Immortal Fiend Refining Talisman in the depths of your dantian's Qi Sea. The Fiendish Qi will be unable to invade you."

Gu Chensha flicked his finger, and starlight coalesced into a talisman, which flew into the bodies of the two of them. The talisman floated up and down in their dantian's Sea of Qi. After that, he sent his will into the talisman.

The power of the stars was best at destroying evil and devils. Be it the Book of Heavenly Demon's Ancient Astrology Art, Buzhou Palace's Dao of Buzhou, or Grand Preceptor Wen Hong's Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art, they all had the effect of destroying devils and suppressing gods.

What Gu Chensha imparted to the Ximen brothers was a Star Devil Extermination Mystic Art. It was no small matter. The two hurriedly knelt down in joy.

Gu Chensha had them get up. He pointed again and activated the vines, absorbing all the minotaurs in the Astral Qi net.

After absorbing so many fiends' essence blood and souls, the blood in the blood pool began to boil and condense into blood relics. The roots of the Vampiric Demon Rattan became more and more developed.

The Heavenly Demon Tree's weakness was that it was difficult to move. The ancient demons usually planted it in their cave abodes to protect the entire cave abode.

Gu Chensha's main purpose in refining this tree was to kill countless fiends and completely condense the tree to cover the boundless Sea of Sin.

In addition, he hoped to condense the Heavenly Demon Sacred Fruit from the tree. This fruit was the best thing that the Heavenly Demon Tree could condense. Once it was condensed, it could expand one's dantian's Qi Sea and Sea of Consciousness by swallowing it. Not only that, it could also greatly strengthen one's Essence Spirit. The benefits were unimaginable.

Of course, this was in the future. It wasn't easy to evolve the Vampiric Demon Rattan into a Heavenly Demon Tree.

After killing this group of minotaurs, Gu Chensha silently used a secret method to recover his Astral Qi and Essence Spirit.

He had to maintain himself to his peak at all times. He couldn't use up a lot of Astral Qi just to condense the Vampiric Demon Rattan. The fiends here weren't just low-level existences like the Sheep-headed Monster and the Minotaurs.

Maybe some seals in the Sea of Sin would break and supreme Heavenly Demons would appear. At that time, if his Astral Qi couldn't support it, he would probably die without a burial.

Just like that, Gu Chensha and the Ximen brothers set up camp in the grassland on the edge of the cliff.

Gu Chensha continued to condense the Vampiric Demon Rattan while the Ximen brothers cultivated and captured fiends to feed the Vampiric Demon Rattan.

After a full two months, Gu Chensha had been cultivating here. The Vampiric Demon Rattan had devoured at least tens of thousands of fiends' blood and souls. His cultivation base had also been tempered to an extremely pure level. The Ximen brothers were almost about to break through the Ten Changes of Dao Realm.

They were extremely careful when capturing fiends so as not to disturb the devils in the depths. However, after capturing so many devils in the past two months, the fiends in the three thousand miles grassland of the Bottomless Sea of Sin didn't decrease but increased.

"It's really inconvenient without the Dragon Gate."

Gu Chensha stopped and silently used his Essence Spirit again to restore his Sea of Consciousness and Dantian Sea of Qi. He restored his energy to the peak. If he had the Dragon Gate, he wouldn't be short of Astral Qi.

Moreover, the Dragon Gate was good at swallowing everything. With the cooperation of the Buzhou Palace, they could refine magic weapons in an instant.

If he had the Dragon Gate at this time, Gu Chensha only needed to throw the Vampiric Demon Rattan Seed into the Buzhou Palace and then slaughter here. With his cultivation and the magic of the Dragon Gate, he could kill hundreds of thousands of fiends in a day and swallow them all. With the help of the two treasures, he could refine the Vampiric Demon Rattan into Seven-Color Demon Rattan in a few days.

However, Gu Chensha didn't rely on any magic weapons. He cultivated by himself and controlled it carefully. Instead, he tempered his cultivation to a subtle realm.

Although he didn't improve his realm in the past two months, his control of his Essence Spirit and Innate Astral Qi had completely changed. His understanding of heaven and earth was almost about to solve some mysteries.

"Strange."

These days, Gu Chensha didn't get the Divine Light of the Heavenly Law like last time. "Is it because Wu Dangkong didn't offer a sacrifice?

Or, only by offering a sacrifice to the Divine Light of the Heavenly Law can he share half of it with me? "

He was a little confused. However, Wu Dangkong practiced a secret skill and prepared many creatures. It was possible that he was going to carry out a big sacrifice, so it was reasonable that he didn't use a small sacrifice.

"There are so many fiends here. I don't know if Wu Dangkong will come here to hunt fiends." Gu Chensha also guessed that fiends were the best sacrifices. However, he didn't care so much.

"Rainbow Demon Vine, evolve." After two months of accumulation, he finally refined the Vampiric Demon Vine to perfection. As he made a hand seal, the Vampiric Demon Vine suddenly released a rainbow light. Then, it turned into a Rainbow Treasure Tree.

This Rainbow Treasure Tree was like colored glass. It was as tall as three people and deeply rooted in the ground. The moment it advanced, it completely absorbed the blood pool that was rooted in the ground.

On the branches of this treasure tree, there were hundreds of rainbow fruits the size of a finger. They looked like elixirs.

"Great!"

Gu Chensha was overjoyed. "I finally refined the Vampiric Demon Vine into a Rainbow Demon Vine. From now on, I don't have to worry about the lack of Innate Astral Qi and Essence Spirit. This Rainbow Origin Fruit can quickly replenish Innate Astral Qi and Essence Spirit and nourish the body."

With a wave of his hand, he plucked all the fruits and put them in his pocket. At the same time, he took out dozens of fruits and gave them to the Ximen brothers.

"How pitiful. I don't have Dragon Gate and Buzhou Palace anymore. I don't even have a spatial magic weapon. I still need a pocket to store these fruits. "Gu Chensha wanted a spatial treasure.

However, spatial treasures were so precious. One had to be at Dao Realm Transformation 30 and be able to open up a grotto-heaven to craft one. Such a thing could be called a God Artifact. Even in Jingxian Division, only Lou Baiyue had a bracelet. Originally, Gu Chensha had a few more which he merged into the Common People's Wish Ball. Now, his body was really clean.

This Rainbow Origin Fruit was a top-grade recovery pill. It was only slightly weaker than the Xuanhuang Dragon Emperor's Xuanhuang Pill.

With Gu Chensha's current energy ocean and consciousness ocean, he just needed one Xuanhuang Pill to fill them up.

As for the Rainbow Origin Fruit, he needed three to fill up Gu Chensha's consciousness and energy ocean. Now, he had close to 300 Rainbow Origin Fruits which could allow him to recover 100 times. Immediately, his confidence rose.

"Once the Rainbow Demon Vine is refined, it will be much more convenient. I don't need to worry about exhausting my Xiantian Earth Energy and Primordial Spirit Power." Gu Chensha had been waiting for this moment. "It is time to speed up the killing."

With large amounts of Rainbow Origin Fruits to replenish his energy, Gu Chensha had the Dragon Gate's Essence Qi. He didn't need to worry about exhausting it. Then, he would be able to use strong spells.

"Xiantian Earth Energy, Search Heaven and Earth!"

Tens of thousands of Earth Energy threads appeared on his body. They spread out in all directions and stretched out 100 miles. Instantly, thousands of monsters were swept back. These monsters included bat demons, cow heads, goat heads, horse heads, and even flaming monsters.