Chapter 323
===========

Honglong! Two streaks of demonic energy smashed into the treasure light and broke all 28 layers.

The demonic energy was endless, especially one that seemed to have comprehended the mysteries of creation, the mysteries of heaven and earth, and the essence of all living things.

"Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth expert."

Gu Chensha immediately understood that this was the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth of the 22 Transformations of the Dao Realm. Although he had refined the Demon of the 20 Transformations and the Power of Time and Space had appeared in his body, he still needed time to consolidate his cultivation before he could charge to the 17 Transformations of the Dao Splitting Soul or even the 18 Transformations of the Great Dao.

The space power in his body was comparable to that of a god. Even if he faced an Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth expert, he wouldn't be afraid at all.

"Upgrade! Touch of the Ghost God! "

Originally, it would have taken Gu Chensha a very long time for the Demonic Rainbow Vine to reach the Touch of the Ghost-God. However, after obtaining the power of time and space, and refining the devil beasts of the twenty transformations of the Impermanence and Materialization realm, the immense power and realm he gained was enough for the Demonic Rainbow Vine to rapidly evolve into the Touch of the Ghost-God. Honglong!

The Seven Colored Demon Vine exploded and there was a cracking sound from within. Lightning flashed and purple energy shone.

The entire vine quickly grew and spread into the sky. It was like a stairway to the heavens that could reach beyond the clouds.

The entire tree was growing at a speed visible to the naked eye. It directly rushed into the clouds and spread its branches and leaves in the clouds. Bright nebulae immediately enveloped the treetop.

The entire tree wasn't seven-colored but dark gold. Countless talismans flowed on it and it gave off an unparalleled aura. This was the Touch of the Ghost God. This was the third stage of the Heavenly Demon Tree's evolution.

The so-called Touch of the Ghost God was the tentacle of the Ghost God. This tree could communicate with the Ghost God and steal the essence of heaven and earth.

At this moment, the strength of this tree was no weaker than an 18 transformation Golden Core expert.

This was just the beginning. If it grew for a long time, it would be equivalent to a 29 transformation Dao Realm expert. Then, it would only be weaker than a god. As for the Heavenly Demon Tree, it would be like a god or even stronger than one.

Of course, for Gu Chensha to evolve this tree to such a level, he would need hundreds or even thousands of years. Time waited for no one.

"Very good, it has finally evolved into the Touch of the Demon and God. It can be said that this tree has taken root here and become a sturdy fortress."

Gu Chensha looked at the Ghost-God's Touch Tree. Its vines were rapidly growing, reaching into the clouds. Below it, there were layers of fortress-like structures. He knew that this tree was a huge battle fortress. The vines on its branches intertwined, forming nests for an army to live in.

Living in this nest could nourish one's mind and body, and temper one's cultivation. One's growth was extremely fast.

In ancient times, humans lived on trees. There was once a Demonic Sage who taught humans to build a nest and called it "Have Nest".

The Touch of the Ghost and God grew, and the vines wrapped around the tree trunk, extending for dozens of kilometers and reaching into the clouds. It was large enough to house hundreds of thousands of people, perhaps even millions.

In ancient times, the Great Sages of the demon race refined the Heavenly Demon Tree in order to protect their race. The entire race lived on the tree. Not only could it shelter them from the wind and rain, it could also speed up their cultivation. It was equivalent to a Cave Abode for cultivators.

It could be said that the race with the Heavenly Demon Tree was the real big race. It could survive in the cruel environment of ancient times, where the strong preyed on the weak.

After mastering the Touch of the Ghost and God, Gu Chensha could use it as a foundation to complete the first step of suppressing the Bottomless Sea of Sin. He could turn the demons invading human beings into a magic treasure warehouse and a field for making elixirs.

In this way, the power of the Tranquil Fairy Department would expand by more than ten times, which would be enough to deal with all kinds of situations in the future.

"I have to thank Wu Dangkong for this. She actually activated the Grand Sacrifice of the Heavenly Abode, which increased the strength of my body by several times or even ten times. She also condensed a space in the depths of my Sea of Consciousness and Sea of Qi. From now on, no one can break my Sea of Consciousness and Sea of Qi."

After completing the evolution of the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine into the Ghost-God's Touch, Gu Chensha hid in the Ghost-God's Touch Tree and defended like a turtle. He didn't attack, and the Devil Qi outside couldn't do anything to him.

The two waves of Devil Qi bombarded each other repeatedly. However, every time they bombarded, the vines on the Ghost-God's Touch Tree would whip over and burst out balls of Star Divine Thunder, blocking all the Devil Qi outside.

Moreover, the starlight in the sky fell faster and faster. As time went by, the Ghost-God's Touch would only become stronger and stronger. Gu Chensha presided over it, and many mystical things were born.

"What on earth happened?" Wu Dangkong was about to attack, but she forcibly stopped her magic power.

Just now, when she activated the Grand Sacrifice of the Heavenly Abode, the power of time and space circulated in her body. She condensed a space in the depths of her Sea of Consciousness and Sea of Qi, which doubled her cultivation. She stabilized the strength in her body and was about to break through the realm. Then, she attacked and killed everyone.

However, she didn't expect that Gu Chensha would burst out with an unimaginable combat power in an instant. He directly refined the monster of the 20 changes and resisted the Devil Qi from the other two demons. Then, he evolved the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine into the Ghost-God's Touch.

This time, she was shocked. She felt Gu Chensha's mountain-like aura and even the power of time and space.

"How can this be?" Gu Xuansha also didn't expect this to happen.

Of course, Wu Dangkong didn't expect that every time she performed the Grand Sacrifice, half of the Sacrificial Power would enter Gu Chensha's body and benefit Gu Chensha.

She also didn't expect that the Sacrificial Decree would be distorted by Heaven Talisman Great Emperor's words, "Man Conquers Nature."

This was unprecedented. Even if she was extremely intelligent, she wouldn't have expected such a thing to happen.

The two waves of Devil Qi continuously attacked the Ghost-God's Touch, but as long as Gu Chensha didn't move, they couldn't do anything. Of course, if Gu Chensha wanted to capture them and refine them, it was impossible.

That monster of the Twenty Transformations had directly entered his body and occupied his sea of consciousness. Caught off guard, the power of space and time had completely scattered his magic power, killing him in both body and soul. If it had fought with Gu Chensha, it definitely wouldn't have been so miserable.

"Don't act rashly."

Gu Xuansha also saw that the two Demonic Qis kept attacking, but they couldn't do anything to Gu Chensha. He frowned and said, "I miscalculated. I didn't expect Old Nineteen's trump card to be so strong. It seems that just now, his body suddenly had the power of a god. " The power of time and space itself was a power that only gods could control.

"Let's wait and see." Wu Dangkong was a bit shocked. She didn't know what was going on, so she naturally wouldn't attack fiercely.

At this time, the two waves of Devil Qi felt that they couldn't attack, so they suddenly withdrew and disappeared. The monster deep in the demonic grass also disappeared. It seemed to have retreated.

"What a sneaky monster."

Gu Chensha sat in the depths of the tree that was dozens of miles wide. Dense vines intertwined to form a room. The vines were faintly dotted with stars, dazzling and gorgeous.

He looked up and saw the tree's crown spread out in the clouds, forming many whirlpools that absorbed the power of the stars and Spirit Qi in the sky, as well as all kinds of astral winds and lightning explosions.

The roots of the Ghost-God's Touch spread deep underground, absorbing the Devil Qi and all the demonic grass that was growing wildly around it. Demonic grass was the monster's food. Without it, these monsters couldn't stay for long.

"Demons and Monsters, activate and evolve."

Gu Chensha began to activate the twenty-eight demons and monsters. The twenty-eight puppets actually began to evolve in their own directions. Their final goal was to become the twenty-eight Demon Gods.

When they had a little success, they could activate the tree and automatically absorb the power of the stars. Gu Chensha didn't need to preside over it.

"These monsters have retreated. I can't kill more monsters to absorb their blood essence and souls to feed the tree. The speed of evolution will be greatly slowed down, which is not good for the overall situation."

Gu Chensha wasn't happy because of the retreat of the monsters. Instead, he was worried. "My plan is to absorb all the monsters' blood essence and souls. I'll absorb as many as I can, and then I'll be able to condense as many pills and magic treasures as I can."

The monsters and weapons were all made of good minerals, so they would also be absorbed by the Ghost-God's Touch.

The tree could now absorb many things, including blood essence and souls. Gu Chensha knew that there were many treasures in the demonic domain under the seal of the Bottomless Sea of Sin. They were just contaminated with Devil Qi. For example, there were swords and armors made of Ancient Nether Iron, which had the mysterious ability to devour souls.

There were also minerals such as demonic jade, demonic crystals, and demonic silver. They were all wonderful treasures.

As long as he could dispel the Devil Qi, he could return to his original state and turn a demon into an immortal.

Gu Chensha was familiar with the ancient records. In the depths of many demonic domains, there were many treasures of heaven and earth. Moreover, there were many remains of ancient immortals in the demonic domains. They had fallen during the great war between immortals and demons.

Many masters in the Xuanmen Sect would sometimes go to various demonic domains to explore or hone their Dao techniques and martial arts.

"Ximen left, Ximen right!" Gu Chensha ordered.

"Yes!"

The Ximen brothers were also wrapped in the depths of layers of vines. The tree seemed to have become a natural cave and a palace room. It was very comfortable. Some of the rooms had vines gurgling with water and sweet fruits. They could live in this tree until the end of time. They secretly admired the mystery of creation. The tree could actually grow like this.

"You two guard the tree here. I'm about to leave to explore the demonic domain," Gu Chensha said.

"Your Highness, I'm afraid it will be difficult for the two of us to guard this tree. This tree has already taken shape. If it is taken away by a master, won't Your Highness' hard work be in vain?"

The Ximen brothers hurriedly persuaded, "Why don't we go out and capture monsters for the tree to absorb?" "How many monsters can the two of you capture?"

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "If this tree can't absorb monsters, its growth will be extremely slow. So I'll go catch them myself. You don't have to worry. I have my own ideas."