Chapter 843
===========

"Kneel." Gu Chensha uttered two words.

"What?"

Heavenly Venerate Victorious Fighter was dissatisfied with Gu Chensha's attitude and wanted to demand a higher price so that he could join the Calming Immortal Department.

Even Heavenly Venerate Yuan Gu and Heavenly Venerate Pu Tuo were infuriated by Gu Chensha's attitude, let alone Heavenly Venerate Victorious Fighter.

Since the Primeval Era, they had always enjoyed lofty statuses no matter where they went. There had never been a young man who would sit so casually in front of them. However, Gu Chensha's words had thrown them into the abyss! Gu Chensha had actually asked them to kneel!

This was simply an unbearable humiliation. The three Heavenly Venerates almost suspected that they had heard wrong.

"I asked you to kneel. Did you not hear me?"

Gu Chensha's gaze swept over the three Heavenly Venerates before he said, "It is a wise choice for you to join the Calming Immortal Department. It will prevent you from dying in the future. However, you don't have the slightest bit of respect. This is a taboo. Kneel down and worship. This is a necessary etiquette. Even the Disciplinary Heavenly King does this. His status is thousands of times more important than yours. Do you think that just because you are one of the three Heavenly Venerates, you can act like a tyrant in the Calming Immortal Department?"

"Hahahaha!" Heavenly Venerate Victorious Fighter roared with laughter as a sharp killing intent appeared in his eyes. "Good, very good, Gu Chensha. I thought that you were a talent, but I never imagined that you would start to get arrogant after gaining power. You don't know the immensity of the heavens and earth. You are simply deranged. Dou Yiyu, is this the way out that you have found?"

Dou Yiyu didn't say anything. He was as cold as a rock. He looked down, as if this struggle had nothing to do with him.

"Let's go."

Heavenly Venerate Yuan Gu also wanted to sneak into the Calming Immortal Department. However, Gu Chensha's attitude was simply intolerable. Furthermore, if they really could endure it and kneel down and submit, it would actually seem fake.

Secondly, if Gu Chensha were to publicize this matter, they would lose all face and their reputation would drop to the extreme.

Looking calmly at Gu Chensha, he said, "Gu Chensha, if we work together, you'll benefit immensely. You'll gain a lot of prestige, as well as control over the Never-Ending Heart. You'll be able to dissolve the alliance between the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth and Patriarch Heaven and Earth. Right now, the Celestial Tranquility Department isn't in a very good situation. The Four Wilds have fallen into the hands of others, and the Divine Prefecture hasn't truly taken control yet.

"You're all clones, right?"

An unfathomable smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face. "A crafty rabbit has three burrows. The craftiness of you three Heavenly Venerables is rarely seen since ancient times. However, no matter how crafty a rabbit or fox is, they can't escape the hunter's bait. I used the chiliocosm seeds to tempt you, but you still took the bait.

Although you didn't refine the seeds, you couldn't help but study them. Because of that, I was able to find your true bodies. Now I know who's backing you. Heavenly King Dong Hua, isn't he? "

"You!" When the three Heavenly Venerables heard Gu Chensha mention Heavenly King Dong Hua, their faces flickered, and they prepared to flee. However, they found that they couldn't move at all.

Moreover, vortexes had also appeared behind them. These vortexes had a massive pulling force that continuously pulled in their clones. In the end, even the true bodies of the three Heavenly Venerates were involuntarily pulled in.

The three Empyreans had expressions of extreme fear on their faces. They had many avatars, and their true bodies were hidden in a place that no one knew about. But now, they had all been gathered together by some sort of power, and then drawn to this small courtyard.

In other words, the three Heavenly Venerables had nothing to rely on. If Gu Chensha destroyed them here, they really would be dead.

"It took a lot of energy to create the three chiliocosm seeds," said Gu Chensha.

"But if it weren't for this, I wouldn't have been able to lure you three old foxes out.

Even Heavenly King Dong Hua felt that the three seeds of the chiliocosm were pure and without any impurities. How could Heavenly King Dong Hua understand my methods? If he did, how could I compete with Emperor Heaven King in the future? "

As Gu Chensha's cultivation had increased, he had stolen the sacrifices of 3,000 true gods. His methods had become miraculous, and he could already see through the minutest details and toy with the three Heavenly Venerables in the palm of his hand.

Even Heavenly King Dong Hua, who was behind the three Heavenly Venerables, wasn't a worthy opponent for Gu Chensha.

"Three Heavenly Venerables, your current cultivation is at the Heavenly Longevity Realm. But to me, you're still like chickens and dogs. I can even suppress three heavenly kings, let alone three ordinary Heavenly Longevity Realm cultivators."

Gu Chensha pointed at Fa Wuxian, Jing Fanxing, and Emperor Wu. "These are the three who went against me. You've seen what happened to them. If you don't kneel down and sincerely offer sacrifices, then there will be three more ordinary people in this small courtyard. They will live like ordinary people every day." Hearing this voice, Fa Wuxian, Jing Fanxing, and Emperor Wu all lowered their heads.

Fa Wuxian was born with a glorious halo. He was a disciple of the school of Legalism, the number one aristocratic family in the Divine Prefecture, and he was a natural-born Saint. He was named Fa Wuxian because he wanted to compete with Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian. But now, he lived as an ordinary person in this courtyard, not daring to face Gu Chensha.

Seeing the state the three of them were in, the three Heavenly Venerables felt that if they were in the same state, they might as well die.

"This subordinate greets the Minister."

At this time, Heavenly Venerable Yuan Gu suddenly did something unexpected. He knelt down and prostrated himself in front of Gu Chensha.

At this time, Heavenly Venerable Victorious Battle and Heavenly Venerable Pu Tuo also knelt down and kowtowed repeatedly.

A wave of sacrificial power instantly rushed out, but it was absorbed by the Divine Land Gourd above Gu Chensha's head.

"Hahahaha!" Gu Chensha laughed. "As expected of the three Heavenly Venerables. You've never suffered a loss in the Primordial Era. Your choices are much more straightforward than others. Now I finally understand why you can live until now. You can control the changes in the Divine Prefecture and become Gu Tianzi's teachers."

When the three Heavenly Venerables heard Gu Chensha mention Heavenly King Dong Hua, they knew that the situation was over. Since Gu Chensha knew who they were relying on, he would definitely have a way to deal with it. In that case, their stubborn resistance would only make them cannon fodder.

Fa Wuxian, Jing Fanxing, and Martial Emperor Wu were stunned when they saw this. They had never expected that the three Heavenly Venerables, who had been famous since the Primordial Era and were the supreme patriarchs of the Immortal Dao, would actually kneel down and worship Gu Chensha.

"Dou Yi Yu," Gu Chensha said.

"This subordinate is here!" Dou Yi Yu immediately stepped forward.

"Command the three Heavenly Venerables to establish a new department called the Itinerant Immortal Department. Act according to the situation.

According to the future laws of the Heavenly Court, all those who have cultivated to the 20 transformations of the Dao Realm, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence, and haven't been given an official position, are called Itinerant Immortals. " Gu Chensha ordered, "In addition, pay close attention to Heavenly King Dong Hua. I must find him." "Yes!" Dou Yi Yu was very excited.

"Department Head, we are under Heavenly King Dong Hua's control and can no longer control the Primordial Tree. In fact, the tree has already fallen into Heavenly King Dong Hua's hands."

Victorious Heavenly King Dou's mind raced. "I'm afraid Heavenly King Dong Hua won't trust us. He might even kill us. He's already infiltrated the Department of Calmness, and our days are in danger. It's very possible that we'll be killed by him at any time." "Don't worry about that. I've already activated my heaven-concealing methods."

Gu Chensha said, "Heavenly King Dong Hua hasn't truly reached his peak yet. He hasn't recovered to his peak, so it's impossible for him to escape my clutches.

The fact that all of you are willing to submit to me shows that you know how to adapt to the circumstances. Now, go and register yourself in the Little Hong Meng Tree. After that, get all your disciples to submit to the Calming Immortal Department. I hope to see this matter completed within a day. " "Yes, yes, yes!" The three Celestial Venerables immediately left.

After the three Celestial Venerables left, Dou Yi Yu immediately said, "Your Highness, while the three Celestial Venerables are sincerely offering sacrifices now, I'm afraid it's still not completely safe. The three Celestial Venerables are most adept at changing their minds. Now that we have something on them, and we're using restrictions to punish them, they'll definitely find a way to break the restrictions and escape our control. We have to be on our guard."

"I'm definitely aware of this, but aside from the Emperor Of Heaven, no one can make the three Celestial Venerables break free from my restrictions. If the Emperor Of Heaven appears and makes a move, I'll definitely sense it. "

Gu Chensha said, "My top priority is to lure out Heavenly King Dong Hua, then use all my power to suppress him and force him to offer sacrifices to me. With that, I can refine the Primordial Tree and devour the Primitive Dragon Gate. Then, I'll activate my backup plan to obtain the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree. Once the three treasures merge into my body, I'll be able to break through to the Heavenly Sovereign realm and even the Heavenly Longevity realm." Gu Chensha already had his own plans. Now, his plans were almost ready to be activated.

Firstly, he had successfully set up the Primordial Dragon Sect. The Gate Jin Heavenly King and the three thousand True God Priests were all under his control. Secondly, he had subdued the Primordial Old Man and made him Wu Dang Kong's subordinate.

Thirdly, the three Celestial Venerables had also become Gu Chensha's slaves. He could capture Heavenly King Dong Hua and further obtain the Primordial Tree.

In this way, the three treasures would merge into the Divine Land Gourd, and the Divine Land Gourd would become the strongest divine item.

Of course, the Heart of Infinity would also have to be collected into the Divine Land Gourd, and all 36 Endless treasures would have to be collected. This was Gu Chensha's ambition, and he could already see the hope of success in his plans.

"However, Wu Dangkong will be the Emperor Of Heaven's concubine in the future Heavenly Court. However, the Emperor Of Heaven has another wife, the Empress. Who is the Empress? I haven't been able to deduce it. "A hint of doubt flashed in Gu Chensha's mind.