Chapter 110
===========

However, as Gu Chensha looked at the talisman again and again, he had a lot of doubts in his heart.

Ever since he performed outstandingly in the Nanshan Hunt, it could be said that he had received endless royal favor. He was first conferred the title of State Duke, then promoted to the title of Jun Wang, and even given the power to recruit Baoyu Nation. Now, he was even bestowed with the Death Exemption Talisman. With this talisman, the princes in the court would have to think twice before attacking him.

Even if the First Prince found out that he had stolen the evil god's flesh and blood, he would not be able to do anything to him.

"Why has Father's attitude towards me changed so much?"

Gu Chensha recalled in his heart, "I've been neglected since I was young, and he never cared about me. Could it be that he really wanted to train me?

I think I've been through this since I was young. I pretended to be crazy, but I couldn't develop a firm and deep character. Originally, I didn't have a good impression of him, but after I came out and saw the changes in the people's lives, the canal and the Great Wall, I knew that he really had great merit for the world, so any hatred I had for him disappeared. "

Ever since Gu Chensha started cultivating the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art, he had been diligently reading all sorts of books. Gradually, he had developed a righteous spirit and placed the people of the world above all else.

With this change in mindset, one's horizons were broadened, and one's heart became magnanimous. Heaven and earth existed forever, and one comprehended the state of Sun and Moon Shining Together. The sun and moon hung in the sky, illuminating the ages and nurturing the common people.

If one's heart was selfish and did not care about the world, one would not be able to comprehend the various profundities of the Son of Heaven's God-Conferring Art.

He wrapped the Death Immunity Talisman in the Great Dragon Armor, but he didn't dare to place it in the space of the Sun Moon Altar. After all, the talisman contained the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's boundless godforce. If he placed it in the Sun Moon Altar, he was afraid that it would clash with the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's godforce. Who knew if the Sun Moon Altar could suppress this talisman.

The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Sovereign used his own strength to suppress the gods of both the righteous and evil paths. This was something that not even the Heavenly Sons of ancient times were able to do. Gu Chensha's cultivation base was now high and he had read many ancient texts. He already knew many things about the ancient gods.

According to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's current cultivation level, none of the ancient Heavenly Sons could compare to him.

"Your Highness is really proud of your success this time."

Cold Jade Dew was also quite happy. She had made up her mind to rely on Gu Chensha. Now that he had been bestowed with the Death Exemption Talisman, his authority in the Imperial Court was even stronger, and his words had greater weight. There was really some progress in the matter of enlisting him.

Initially, she did not think highly of Gu Chensha. However, now it seemed that there was hope for him to bring peace and prosperity to the nearly 100 million people of Baoyu Nation.

"I can't say that I'm flushed with success, but I'm in a better situation than before. What does Imperial Father mean by that, it's still worth thinking about." Gu Chensha was neither happy nor sad. "They're all external things. My own strength is still the foundation. Come, use your full strength. Let me see how many moves you can take. " "You really are a martial arts fanatic, but this is also in line with my intentions."

Frost Jade Dew's body swayed and actually brought out dozens of afterimages. It was impossible to tell which one was real and which one was fake. Furthermore, there was no wind as she moved. Whether it was a ghost or a ghost, this was her true trump card.

Gu Chensha opened his hands and spread them outwards. Like a god with a thousand arms, he was actually able to defend from all directions and receive all of Frost Jade Dew's attacks.

However, every attack from the opponent sent a ball of extremely strong qi into his body, shaking his internal organs to the point where they almost flipped over.

"You can actually receive this move of mine?"

Frost Jade Dew retracted her palms and stood there with a look of surprise on her face. "I used ninety percent of my strength in this move. It's called the Taiyi Flying Phantom Kill."

Gu Chensha's face was deathly pale. The blood and qi in his body were in a mess. He actually couldn't speak and his eyes were seeing stars. After a full ten breaths of time, he circulated the Sun and Moon Refining Art to calm his injured organs.

"This move is really powerful. If you had taken the opportunity to attack just now, you would have already taken my life."

Gu Chensha was beaten dizzy. He knew how powerful it was. Although the move just now was not as good as the Sun and Moon Killing Art, it was similar. He didn't know what kind of secret art it was.

"This move is a killing art left behind by the Taiyi Mystical Sect, ranked second in the ancient 72 Immortal Daos. The ancestors of my Baoyu Nation were disciples of the Taiyi Mystical Sect. However, we lost contact with them a long time ago and left the sect. However, this move was passed down from our ancestors. Unfortunately, no one has been able to practice it and understand the concept within it. Only I, by chance, managed to understand the variations of this move and was able to use it.

Although Imperial Uncle Yu Ba had a fortuitous encounter and cultivated the Xiantian Gang Qi, he still couldn't understand this move. "

Frost Jade Dew said, "But I'm not strong enough. If I cultivate the Xiantian Gang Qi, then the true power of this move will be revealed." "The ancient 72 Immortal Daos."

Gu Chensha said, "I've seen the history of the Immortal Daos in the Heavenly Talisman Tome. The first ranked is the Heaven and Earth Mystical Sect. With the heaven and earth as the teacher, they operate the Xuan Pin Gate. Since ancient times, they have been the leader of all immortals.

Rumor has it that when the emperor was young, he also entered this Immortal Sect to learn. I wonder if it's true or not. " "It's true."

Frost Jade Dew nodded, "The Heavenly Talisman Emperor was once the most outstanding genius of the Heaven and Earth Mystical Sect. Unfortunately, the young sect master of the Heaven and Earth Mystical Sect was jealous of his talent. He said that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had hooked up with the demonic peacock and entered the demonic dao.

He wanted to execute the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, but he single-handedly challenged the 72 Immortal Sects and sealed the entire Heaven and Earth Mystical Sect for three whole years. The ancient 72 Immortal Daos were humiliated, but they couldn't do anything to him. In the end, the young sect master was killed by him. " "Where did you hear this secret?"

Gu Chensha said in shock, "Seems like your Baoyu Nation has deep connections with the Immortal Daos. It's not like you said there's no connection at all."

"Baoyu Nation produces jade, which is a necessity for the Immortal Daos. We do have deep connections with some Immortal Daos sects."

Frost Jade Dew said, "Far away from the sea, one of the 72 sects, the Innate Infinity Celestial Sect, often comes here to purchase jade.

But this sect was uprooted by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. It's been exterminated. But I do know that there's still an elder left. His name is Jin Shi. He's under the Seventh Prince, secretly working under him. " "His divine might is truly unparalleled. Who in the world can stand against him?"

Gu Chensha sighed. "The Land of Infinity, the ancient gods, the Immortals, is there anyone who can stand against him?" "Not at the moment."

Frost Jade's eyes were full of admiration. "That's why I'm quite envious of Lou Baiyue. She actually obtained the Emperor's favor. If there's a day, I'd like to have an audience with the Emperor. I'd like to see the person who can make the Immortals bow their heads and the Gods fear him. I'd like to see what kind of person can write the poem 'The bright moon rises from the sea, and the distant lands share this moment' looks like. '"

"I like the poem 'The rolling waters of the Yangtze River flows eastward'," Gu Chensha said. "This poem really speaks of the rise and fall of a thousand years, all in a pot of muddy wine."

"Then what about 'I hope that people live long, and the beauty of a thousand miles together'?" Frost Jade Dew savored the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's poem.

"They're all peerless lines," Gu Chensha said. "The poem has reached the peak. I'm afraid it's unprecedented, and it won't be repeated in the future." "You're now in the Emperor's favor. If there's a chance, you must let me see the Emperor."

Frost Jade Dew was about to discuss the poem when Jia Liang came in. He held his sword and reported. "There's a woman who wants to see the Prince." "A woman?" Gu Chensha asked. "Did she say what her name is?" "She said her surname is Chen." Jia Liang said.

"Chen?"

Gu Chensha immediately thought of the Xian Dynasty's royal family's legacy. Last time, he stole the Heartless Seizing Talisman, it was his aunt, Chen Lingyun. Could it be that she came looking for him? "Invite her in." "Yes!"

Jia Liang flew out. Not long after, he returned with a woman. This woman was elegant and her clothes fluttered in the wind. If it wasn't Chen Lingyun, who could it be?

"Aunt, you're here. Please take a seat."

Gu Chensha hurriedly called out, as if the theft of the Faithless Mind-Capturing Talisman did not happen that day, "Little godson, brew a bowl of Drunken Cloud Cold Plum Tea that I bought and serve it to them. Use an exquisite green bowl."

The Drunken Cloud Cold Plum Tea was bought from Frost Jade Dew. The exquisite emerald bowl was also an extremely extravagant jade ware. It was also bought together. Now that he was a Prince and had a fief, there were some high ranking officials that he had to entertain. This was something that couldn't be helped. He had to maintain his dignity.

"Forget it. I'm not here to drink tea, thief."

Chen Lingyun's expression was very ugly. She scolded him the moment she saw him. "You're very good. You stole my Heartless Seizing Talisman and used it to subdue the Oracles of the Barbarian Tribe. This move of borrowing strength to fight strength is really ingenious."

"Not at all. Aunt wanted to use this talisman to control me. I could only fight with my life on the line."

Gu Chensha sat down and motioned for Chen Lingyun to sit as well. "This is all in the past. May I know why Aunt is looking for me today?"

"The construction of your fief is not bad. When I came in, I felt a strong power. The layout of the Black Tortoise Emerging from the Sea is suppressed by a peerless talisman. Other than that, there are many traps aimed at me. If I move randomly, I'm afraid there will be cannons and countless fire talisman spears waiting for me."

Chen Lingyun looked around. "This castle has both offense and defense. There are also experts guarding it. Even I don't dare to act rashly."

"The construction of the Institute of Heavenly Craftsmen is certainly not ordinary." Gu Chensha was not in a hurry. Frost Jade Dew sat down and looked at this pair of relatives with a smile.

"You should return the Sorcery-Breaking Sword to me." Chen Lingyun went straight to the point. "You can't activate this sword at all."

"I gave this sword to a senior. After he forged it for me, he could erase the imprint of Grand Preceptor Wen Hong."

Gu Chensha played a trick. "The imprint of the Sorcery-Breaking Sword seems to have been erased by Old Seven. It seems that there are experts in legalism who surpass Wen Hong." "I asked, whose side are you on?"

Chen Lingyun did not sit down. She waved her sleeves. "Although you are the son of Heavenly Talisman, you are also of the Chen family's bloodline. Don't you want to avenge your mother? It was Heavenly Talisman who killed my sister. " "I will investigate this matter."

Gu Chensha's expression became complicated. "As for your question about which side I am on, it is actually very easy to answer. He who wins the hearts of the people will win the world. Why ask me?

Moreover, you said that His Majesty killed my mother. I originally believed it, but now I have some doubts. With His Majesty's magical power, there is no need for him to do such a thing. " Gu Chensha had thought about this question many times.

When he was young, he only knew that his mother committed suicide because the dynasty was invaded and her family was destroyed.

But now that he thought about it carefully, there were many doubts. There was probably more to this matter.

"The Grand Preceptor has come out of seclusion."

Chen Lingyun glanced at the Jade Dew. "If you want to know what happened back then, I can bring you to see him. At that time, you will know the truth of your mother's death. I think you should be very concerned about this matter." "Of course I care. Where is he? I will go now." Gu Chensha stood up.

"Oh, you are so courageous." Chen Lingyun was shocked. "I thought you would be afraid. Aren't you afraid that the Grand Preceptor will kill you? " "His cultivation is profound. If he wants to kill me, I can't stop him."

Gu Chensha was very indifferent. "Moreover, I came to this barbarian land to fight against the evil gods. I am not afraid of the evil gods, but I am not afraid of the Grand Preceptor." "Very well, then follow me." Chen Lingyun said. As she spoke, she gestured to the sky. Immediately, a golden-winged roc appeared in the sky.

But the roc did not come down, as if it was afraid of something. There was an extremely terrifying aura in this castle, which made it instinctively afraid.