Chapter 418
===========

Gu Chensha would not feign civility, because the Celestial Pacification Department's policy was to make the Mystic Immortal Dao Sects pay taxes to support the people. No Mystic Sect was an exception.

Even if the Mystic Cosmos Sect was powerful and unregulated, as the Celestial Pacification Department grew, they would still have to pay taxes. Chang Weiyang could see this clearly. She asked Gu Chensha to see how courageous this person was. In the end, Gu Chensha did not mince his words.

"Aren't you afraid that I will kill you on the spot by saying this?"

Chang Weiyang chuckled: "Collecting taxes from the Mystic Cosmos Sect has never happened in history. Every three hundred years, the Mystic Immortal Dao Sects have to pay tribute to the three Heavenly Venerables, and the Mystic Heaven Earth Sect has done the same every time. But the Mystic Cosmos Sect has never paid tribute, and the three Heavenly Venerables can't do anything to me. How dare you collect taxes from the Mystic Cosmos Sect." "Forgive me for being blunt."

Gu Chensha's tone was very serious. "Never-Ending Sect Leader, you are powerful, and your cultivation is comparable to existences like the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor and Li Wanlong. You might even be slightly stronger than them. However, if you face any one of the three Heavenly Venerables, I'm afraid you have no chance of winning.

"You are right, continue." Chang Weiyang's smile faded: "I have not heard such straightforward words in a long time." "The three Heavenly Venerables must hate the Mystic Cosmos Sect to the bone."

Gu Chensha continued without fear: "But they did not do anything because they are afraid that the Mystic Cosmos Sect will join the Imperial Court if they are pushed too far. To be honest, the three Heavenly Venerables are afraid to fight against the Emperor. " "Without a doubt, Gu Taxian is powerful, I cannot compare to him."

Even someone as strong as Chang Weiyang, who had comprehended the secrets of the 'Divergent', had broken through the flaws in her talent, had stepped into an unfathomable realm, and even had hopes of breaking through the 36 Transformations, jumping out of the Three Realms and out of the Five Elements. But in front of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor, this little bit of achievement was not worth mentioning. "However, Gu Taxian only appeared 50 to 60 years ago, and before that, the Mysterious Cosmos Gate had also existed for thousands of years. Did the three Heavenly Venerables not act against us then?"

"I know that your Cosmos Mysterious Sect has some trump cards to avoid the pursuit of the three Heavenly Masters. You even have some means to counterattack. However, it's different now. It's a big situation that changes every tens of thousands of years. Even powerhouses might die in it. Think about what happened to Taiyi Fantasy Sect."

Gu Chensha stopped here, he believed that Chang Weiyang would be able to see the truth behind Tai Mang Di's defection to the Calming Xian Bureau.

"Taitiandu of Taiyi Fantasy Sect is really cunning. How could he leave his son to your Tranquil Immortal Department?"

How could Chang Weiyang not see it clearly? "He even gave up the Taiyi Pearl. He's betting on both sides. However, the three Heavenly Masters are well aware of this situation."

"After all, with an excuse, the three Heavenly Masters won't be able to make things difficult for him."

Gu Chensha said, "Moreover, Tai Mang Di has obtained many benefits now. His cultivation is progressing very quickly. Only the wisdom of our Calming Xian Bureau can decipher the secret of the Taiyi Pearl."

"That Taiyi Pearl is the Connate essence left behind by the Primal Chaos Explosion. It was refined into a treasure by Heavenly Master Taiyi. If it can fully unleash its power, even if it's not as good as our Cosmic Thunder Pool, it's not too far off."

Chang Weiyang said, "Now that this treasure belongs to your Calming Xian Bureau, it has been refined into a sphere with the Heavenly Demon Book, Buzhou Palace, and Dragon Transformation Pagoda. It has great potential. Unfortunately, your strength is too weak. You can't truly combine all these treasures into one. Otherwise, you could look down on any powerful existence in this world. "

"Today, I came here to find Never-Ending Sect Leader for this matter." Gu Chensha said, "I wonder if Sect Leader Never-Ending has any guidance for us?" "I can help you condense the Transcendent Treasure." Chang Weiyang looked at Gu Chensha.

"Sect Leader, you must be joking."

Gu Chensha hurriedly refused. What a joke. The Life's Wish sphere was the blood and sweat of him and the Calming Xian Bureau. They had refined it bit by bit. In the process of its growth, it couldn't be affected by external forces. Otherwise, it wouldn't be their own Transcendent Treasure.

If Chang Weiyang helped them condense it, the sphere would grow very quickly. However, the attribute of the sphere itself wouldn't be the Life's Wish attribute.

If the concept was wrong, the Transcendent Treasure would be an external object. It wasn't the Life's Treasure that they cultivated with their lives. In the future, even if they cultivated to the highest realm, it would be hard for them to unleash its own power.

This group of people from the Calming Xian Bureau had gathered together based on a common concept. This concept was led by Gu Chensha. Condensing the sphere would carry the will of the Life's Wish. It couldn't be changed.

Chang Weiyang also understood this point. She was just testing Gu Chensha's reaction. Seeing him reject her decisively, she nodded and said, "You really have a firm will. Interesting. You didn't come here today to talk nonsense. Now, let's get to the main topic. " "I want to deal with the three great apes. I wonder if Sect Leader Never-Ending wants a share?"

Gu Chensha told her about the agreement with the three great apes. "I have already contacted Grand Preceptor Wen Hong. If we work together, we can take down all the experts of the ape race.

If we can capture the three great apes and let the Heavenly Demon Tree absorb them, the Heavenly Demon Tree will be able to increase its cultivation by several thousand years. At that time, the Heavenly Demon Tree will be able to create many good treasures. I think it can definitely increase the strength of the Cosmos Mystic Sect. For example, the Cosmos Mystic Sect's disciples all have a set of Heavenly Demon Martial Soul Armor? What level will their overall strength reach? "

The Heavenly Demon Martial Soul Armor was an extremely powerful armor that could be formed by the Heavenly Demon Tree. It absorbed chaotic elemental energy and formed the Heavenly Demon Martial Soul. This was the purest thing. Once it was attached to a person's body, it would immediately unleash immense power.

Even the stupidest person who didn't have the strength to truss a chicken would be equivalent to an immortal in the Magic Power Realm if he obtained this armor.

That's right, it was the Magic Power Realm. The Dao Realm had 20 transformations, and it was impermanent.

Normally, such a demonic soul would steal a person's essence blood and lifespan. Even if an expert obtained it, it would be hard to control it. However, the Heavenly Demon Martial Soul was an innate spirit that the Heavenly Demon Tree had extracted from chaotic elemental energy. It wasn't something that was born after birth. For example, in the Demon Dao, all sorts of souls were condensed to form demons.

The innate spirit of the Heavenly Demon Martial Soul had no impurities and was extremely pure. It was like a piece of white paper that moved according to one's will.

It wouldn't have any backlash or will. It would only have powerful combat experience and powerful magic power.

This was the research result of many Demon Race Sages. It could be said that it had stolen the fortune of heaven and earth.

It was created by imitating the Primordial Martial Soul Armor that was born from the Primordial Tree.

The Primordial Martial Soul Armor was an armor born from the Primordial Tree. It was extremely powerful. If one obtained it, they would have the ability to tear through the void and teleport. Other than that, it had many innate abilities.

In other words, even if an ordinary person obtained this armor, they would be able to activate it and reach the peak of the Immortal Realm, second only to the True Gods.

The Heavenly Demon Tree was inferior to the Primordial Tree. Naturally, it couldn't give birth to a powerful existence like the Primordial Martial Soul Armor. However, it wasn't impossible for it to give birth to the Heavenly Demon Martial Soul Armor.

However, such a change was only possible after the Heavenly Demon Tree matured and reached an extremely terrifying realm. It was a heaven-defying move.

If the Heavenly Demon Tree matured, it would be able to create Dharma treasures, produce elixirs, and disintegrate chaotic elemental energy. It would be even more powerful than the Universe Thunder Pool.

After all, the Universe Thunder Pool of the Mystic Universe Door was used to attack and destroy things. It wasn't good at creating things. The Heavenly Demon Tree was best at creating all sorts of things and all sorts of magical treasures.

Gu Chensha calculated that if Chang Weiyang could reach an agreement with him to capture the three Godly Apes and fuse them into the Heavenly Demon Tree, the Heavenly Demon Tree could grow faster and condense the Heavenly Demon Martial Soul Armor.

One had to know that of the three Godly Apes, the Thousand Transformation Stone Ape, the Yin-Yang Ghost Ape, and the Diamond Fighting Ape, they were mutants that dominated the Demon Clan. If they were at their peak, even a Sage might not be a match for them if they joined forces. However, it was different now. The three Godly Apes were at the end of their lifespans. It was a good time for them to be weak. He could capture them in one move. Of course, the premise was that the three Godly Apes wanted to plot against him.

However, Gu Chensha was almost a hundred percent sure that the three Godly Apes wouldn't surrender so easily. They would definitely plot against him.

"If the Heavenly Demon Tree matures, it can indeed give birth to countless treasures. It will be of great benefit to the Mystic Universe Door. Our overall strength will increase greatly. Even gods can benefit from the treasures condensed on the Heavenly Demon Tree. For example, the 28 Constellation Demon God Marks can increase one's strength by 28 times. However, this requires thousands of years of bitter cultivation."

Chang Weiyang said, "If this Heavenly Demon Tree was mine, I would be happy to accelerate its growth. Unfortunately, this tree is yours. At most, I will gain some benefits after it matures. This isn't worth it. Moreover, if the Heavenly Demon Tree matures, your Celestial Calmness Department's strength will increase significantly. If there comes a day when you surpass the Mystic Universe Door and collect taxes from us, wouldn't I be making a loss?

From a certain point of view, you guys are similar to the three Heavenly Venerables. The three Heavenly Venerables collect tributes from the Mystic Universe Door, and the Celestial Calmness Department does the same. Aren't you jackals of the same tribe? "

"That's different. The three Heavenly Venerables do it for their own selfish desires, while we do it for the common people."

Gu Chensha spoke with fervor and assurance. "Sect Leader Endless, you can naturally see how the Imperial Court treats the common people. I can see that you've established a nation here, and there are many ways to govern the world. I'm sure you'll resonate with us.

Furthermore, I won't let you work for nothing. Today, I brought you many memories. For example, the Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, the ancient demon race Sages, and the Xingqiong clan's memories.

I'm sure these will be of great help to you in your meditation of surpassing the 36 Transformations. "