Chapter 214
===========

Of course, Gu Chensha wanted to entice Gu Huo.

Firstly, although he had obtained Gu Huo's storage bracelet, the Star Dragon Bracelet, he could not open it. He had to extract the secrets within.

Secondly, the Great Wei Dynasty was involved in his recruitment of Baoyu Nation. Even if he killed Gu Huo, they would send even stronger experts. It would be very troublesome.

Of course, he would not let Gu Huo go just like that. He would definitely use all sorts of methods to subdue him and make him his pawn. If that did not work, then he would have to kill him.

Gu Huo's cultivation was far above his own, and his future would be limitless. This person also had some sort of destiny. Otherwise, he would not have been able to break through to Jindan when the demon star had descended and the black qi had engulfed the sun.

If not for the Black Tortoise baby's ambush in the sea, he would not have been able to do anything to the other party.

An unparalleled talent like Gu Huo would become even more terrifying with each additional day. He could not be given any room to grow.

However, the Black Tortoise baby's growth was much faster than his, and Gu Chensha was not very afraid.

The Black Tortoise's innate talent was even better than Fa Wuxian's. It was at the pinnacle of a Natural Born Sage.

"Speak. Name your conditions. What do I have to do for you to let me go?"

Gu Huo was indeed an ambitious man. He knew his place and did not make a fuss. Instead, he was very direct. "If you want to kill me and take my Jindan, I have nothing to say. I have miscalculated and cannot blame anyone else." "Good. Direct."

Gu Chensha said, "Then I will make my request. Of course, it is for you to leave the Great Wei Dynasty and submit to me. Become my man. Everything is negotiable.

You know that I will not be merciful to my enemies. You are an unparalleled talent with high cultivation. If you become my man, I will be like a tiger that has grown wings. " "Impossible. I will not betray the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor."

Gu Huo immediately refused without hesitation. "Let me ask you. If you were captured by the Great Wei Dynasty, what would you choose?" "Of course I would rather die than submit."

Gu Chensha didn't even think about it. "People of my generation can be beheaded, blood can be shed, and life can be lost, but righteousness cannot be abandoned."

"That's right. If you want to mention betraying the Great Wei Dynasty, then kill me." A look of determination appeared on Gu Huo's face. "I was able to cultivate to the Golden Core of the Great Path, so I am not a weakling." "Sigh!"

Gu Chensha let out a long sigh. "I'll give you some time to think about it. I hope you won't disappoint me. I definitely won't leave a terrifying enemy like you behind." "It doesn't matter how long you take to consider," Gu Huo said.

"Then I can only take a step back. I can't return the Golden Core to you. I can spare your life, but you must return the Star Dragon Bracelet to me. You must also lead your people to withdraw from the overseas countries, never to invade again, never to be my enemy. Swear by the Great Mighty Heavenly Dragon. "

Gu Chensha said, "Killing is but a simple matter. You wanted to kill me this time, and I'm only sparing your life for Bao Ming 'er's sake."

Once the Golden Core was taken, he would lose 99% of his power, and his Primordial Spirit would be damaged. Without a special encounter, it was basically impossible to recover.

"Alright, I promise you."

Gu Huo was very straightforward, and did not hesitate at all. "I swear by the name of the Great Mighty Heavenly Dragon that I will never oppose you again, and will never invade the lands of the Great Yongchō Court. Also, I can open the Star Dragon Bracelet."

As he spoke, he seemed to gather some sort of will. The Star Dragon Bracelet shone with light, as if a door had been opened, and the aura of many treasures and spiritual pills appeared.

"Very well, I'll believe you this once."

Gu Chensha knew that the Great Wei Dynasty's custom was to swear by the Great Mighty Heavenly Dragon and not dare to violate it. Otherwise, there would be disaster.

This Gu Huo had lost his Golden Core, and his cultivation level had been reduced by 99%. He was not much of a threat. Of course, releasing a tiger back into the mountains was dangerous, but he had his own plans.

"You actually kept your promise?"

Gu Huo thought that he was going to die. He had originally promised the other party as a last resort, but who would have thought that Gu Chensha would really let him go.

"Yes, we, the Yongchō, always keep our word. Naturally, we will not do anything that goes back on our word."

Gu Chensha smiled. "Do you want to leave now, or do you want me to send you to Baoyu Country, and you can bring your subordinates with you? Now that you have lost your Golden Core, I'm afraid you will not be able to cross the sea. "

"There is a Flying Escape Talisman in this Star Dragon Bracelet. Take it out and give it to me, and I will naturally fly," Gu Huo said.

"Alright, I will help you to the end."

Gu Chensha's Connate Gang Qi seeped into the Star Dragon Bracelet, and he found that the space inside was huge. It had an ancient aura, and there were many medicinal pills, treasures, and various resources piled up like mountains. He immediately found the Flying Escape Talisman and gave it to Gu Huo.

Gu Huo took it and dripped a drop of blood on it. Instantly, the talisman turned into a ball of air that wrapped around him. He flew into the air, and with a sudden shake, he disappeared.

The Flying Escape Talisman was a consumable made by experts. Once activated, the talisman would turn into a ball of air that wrapped around the person, and fly according to the person's will. Seeing Gu Huo fly away, a smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face. Whoosh!

As Gu Huo flew rapidly, he left the fleet far behind. In the blink of an eye, he was thousands of miles away.

This Flying Escape Talisman was personally drawn by him, and it contained a lot of power. It was definitely not ordinary. All of a sudden, he stopped in midair. A smile appeared on his face, and he was not depressed because he had lost his Golden Core.

"Indeed, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor was right. I have cultivated the Nine Disasters and Changes. I have to go through three disasters and nine disasters myself to achieve a supreme opportunity. This time, I actually lost my Golden Core and suffered a great loss. But I also survived a disaster of life and death.

If it was anyone else who lost their Golden Core, their cultivation would be ruined, and they would have no chance of advancing. But I am different. The more disasters I suffer, the more my talent increases. When I go back and use the Black Yellow Dragon Qi, I can quickly cultivate my cultivation back up. "

Gu Huo's eyes were full of killing intent. "Gu Chensha, not killing me was your biggest mistake. Taking my Golden Core is helping me.

Let me gain a deeper understanding of my own calamities. Although I swore on the Great Mighty Heavenly Dragon that if I went back on my oath, there would be calamities, I will still go back on my oath and cause even more calamities to descend. Just you wait, I will definitely make you pay the price!

When I make a comeback, I will find the person who reincarnated as the Bane of Existence. After devouring him, my own talent will rise to the level of a Natural Born Sage. At that time, even this Black Tortoise will be refined into medicine! " As he spoke, he flew away again.

On the Wild Shark Battleship, Gu Chensha entered the space of the Sun Moon Altar and observed the Golden Core suppressed by the Black Tortoise treasure.

"Father, why did you let that guy go?" the Black Tortoise baby asked.

"This person's talent is strong. Letting him go is like letting a tiger return to the mountain." Gu Chensha said slowly, "But since I defeated him this time, he won't have another chance.

I fought a bitter battle with him and was suppressed by him. However, I was able to comprehend some of his secrets and familiarize myself with the Nine Calamities Transformation Divine Ability that he created. It is simply a miraculous skill. It complements my Clumsy Fist Nine Techniques in many ways. This person's cultivation should advance after suffering from this calamity. I want to see to what extent he can advance. When his Nine Calamities Transformation Divine Ability reaches the pinnacle, I will be able to turn him around.

Other than that, he is a person who carries some kind of destiny. Even if we kill him, he might really be reborn due to some kind of preparation, and that would make him even more powerful.

Among the Demonic Stars that descended into the world, one of them is the Bane of Existence. I don't know who it will befall on, but this person created the Nine Calamities Transformation divine art, so he must be able to sense the person who reincarnated as the Bane of Existence. If we keep it, we can find that person in the future and take him into the Calmness Immortal Department. " Gu Chensha was no longer the ignorant youth from back then.

His cultivation gradually deepened, and his talent became that of a genius. He diligently read all kinds of ancient books and cultivated divine arts. He was good at scheming and observing the stars in the sky.

It was just that he cultivated the strongest cultivation technique, the Son of Heaven Investiture Art, so his realm improved slowly.

"This Golden Core's power is surging, and it is a rare treasure. It can be said to be the essence of the Great Dao. Not only does it contain 99% of his primordial spirit, but it also contains the innate astral qi that he painstakingly cultivated all his life. It also contains all of his cultivation techniques." The Black Tortoise baby drooled again, "If I eat it, I can save three years of growth." "No way."

Gu Chensha also knew that if he let the Black Tortoise baby grow for another three years, his strength would probably rise to an extremely terrifying level. However, he had more important things to do with this Golden Core.

He learned the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Rites and understood all kinds of sacrificial rites. For this Golden Core, he could cast the Sun Changing Sacrificial Rites. This sacrificial rites were the Sky-Stealing Sun-Changing Art.

With this Golden Core as an offering, Gu Chensha could cast the Sun Changing Sacrificial Rites and grasp all of Gu Huo's actions. Furthermore, he could steal his talent.

Gu Huo was an authentic peerless genius. His talent was extraordinary. After Gu Chensha snatched his Golden Core, it was equivalent to obtaining 99% of his primordial spirit. Of course, he had to make the best use of it. It was useless for him to devour this Golden Core, and it could not raise his cultivation realm.

Even if he used the Dragon's Gate to convert it, it would only become a Dragon Nurturing Pill. It could raise his subordinates' talent to a genius, but it was useless for his own cultivation.

However, if he used the Sun Changing Sacrificial Rites, it would be completely useless. He could steal Gu Huo's talent for his own use.

In other words, although Gu Chensha could not become a peerless genius like Gu Huo, his other talents were much better than his current ones.

Apart from that, he could also use the Sun Changing Sacrificial Rites to set up restrictions on Gu Huo. The reason why Gu Chensha let go of Gu Huo was actually to keep him and harvest him in the future. That was the many mystical changes of the Sun Moon Sacrificial Rites.

"Sun Moon Sacrificial Rites! Sky-Stealing Sun-Changing Art! " The runes that Gu Chensha drew activated the sacrificial rites. He borrowed the power of the Heavenly Dao to change the Sun-Changing Art. Crack!

Under the sacrificial rites, the Golden Core suddenly exploded, turning into endless light that was sacrificed to the heavens.

Golden Cores refined by Dao cultivators were the best sacrificial rites. That was because once a Golden Core was formed, one's lifespan would increase by a thousand years. It was an item that could snatch life from the heavens.

As the saying went, after swallowing a Golden Core, one would know that one's fate was not up to the heavens.

Any Golden Core was definitely a heaven-defying act that was not tolerated by the Heavenly Dao. There would be all sorts of tribulations in the future. If one sacrificed a Golden Core to the heavens, the heavens would definitely be delighted.

When the Golden Core shattered, countless Dao cultivation experiences, martial arts, and Dao techniques were transmitted into Gu Chensha's mind.

A single experience contained all the essence, qi, and spirit of a Dao cultivator. It was extremely precious.

In that instant, Gu Chensha grasped all of Gu Huo's martial arts. Even the various experiences that he had since learning martial arts were rare and precious. The Golden Core shattered and was sacrificed to the heavens. Then, an inexplicable current of air descended.

This air current landed on Gu Chensha's body. Immediately, his mind became clear, and his thoughts became agile. Strange and wonderful ideas emerged one after another. All of the martial arts and Dao techniques had a brand new understanding. Many problems that he could not solve in the past were easily solved. This was the improvement of one's aptitude.

He felt that with just a tiny bit of improvement, Gu Chensha could break through and enter the level of an unparalleled genius. His aptitude was already between a genius and an unparalleled genius. Crack!

The Connate Gang Qi in his body burned. The frequency of the Sun and Moon Dragon's Handle reached its limit, igniting the Samadhi True Fire.