Chapter 802
===========

"Such a diagram is truly intuitive."

Zhuge Ya sighed: "In this way, in the future, some tyrannical existences will have no way to deal with them and will perish. I'm afraid more experts will appear."

"No matter how many experts go against us, we will suppress them. We need to have the heart to dominate the heavens. Only then can we truly dominate the world, cut off the river of time, and mold the world according to our will."

Gu Chensha waved his hand: "I already know the background of this self-proclaimed Primal Chaos Sovereign. His cultivation is actually at the Heavenly Longevity Realm, but his strength is that he is very close to the primal chaos. Creating treasures from the primal chaos is very fast, and he doesn't need to consume energy. This is very powerful.

However, I can completely suppress this person. This person is a dish delivered to our doorstep. With this person, our manufacturing ability will completely surpass the Heavenly Craftsman Institute, and we will be able to control the primal chaos energy. "

"Then, Your Highness, should we set up an inescapable net to capture and kill this person?" Longevity God rubbed his palms.

"You don't need to do anything. Maintaining the world's stability is more important than anyone else."

Gu Chensha said: "We have fused the Human Dragon Fist with the Sacred Dragon Mantra. Spreading this matter is not an easy task. The most important thing for all of you is to do this.

If this matter is done well, our overall strength will greatly increase. With the help of human path sacrifices, we can do all kinds of unimaginable things. "

"We will do our best to do this. It is already our top priority. Currently, there are core members who have learned the Sacred Dragon Mantra and have begun to condense it. We are all assisting them to cultivate the Sacred Dragon Qi from their bodies, then circulating it around their bodies to improve their aptitude. If nothing unexpected happens, in a few months, there will be hundreds of Innate Saints, and even more peerless geniuses. There should be more than ten thousand, and geniuses can basically exceed a million. Below the genius level, there's no point, "Jin Suibo reported.

"The number of geniuses under our command has already exceeded a million, which is already an impressive number. However, it is still an insignificant achievement. My dream is for everyone under the heavens to become geniuses before the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman Era. Of course, it must be the commoners who abide by the laws of our Yongchō." Gu Chensha continued, "Only by doing so, would I have a chance to peer into the mysteries of the unseen world."

"Now is the end of the thirty-fourth year of the Heavenly Talisman. There's only one year left. After thirty-five years, it will be the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman. Time is of the essence. I'm afraid that even if we have unparalleled divine abilities, we won't be able to turn everyone into geniuses in the world in time. Even if we were to create a large number of Dragon Raising Pellets, it would still be too late." Zhuge Ya frowned.

"Then, when I personally capture that Chaos Emperor, our manufacturing ability will increase by a hundredfold."

Gu Chensha said, "After that, I will go to the prehistoric civilization of the Immortal Lord and collect the System of the One God. I will gather the 36 treasures, capture the Yore-Wilds Dragon Sect, the Heaven Sacrifice Decree, and the Primordial Chaos Tree. That should be enough to deal with the upcoming tribulation." "Your Highness, you're going to wipe out all the heroes."

Zhuge Ya nodded. "Right now, we're actually quite strong. We have 14 Inexhaustible Treasures, and if we activate all of them, we'll have twice as much power as that Chaos Emperor.

The only problem is that Fang Lin can't unleash the full power of the Three Ducal Dukes and Eight Marquises. " WHOOSH!

At this point, another person appeared in front of Gu Chensha. It was the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong, who held a cauldron in his hand. It was none other than the Inexhaustible Cauldron.

"Chen Sha, refine my Endless Cauldron into your Divine Land Gourd so that I can get rid of the fate of the Endless Cauldron. Only by getting rid of this shackle can I achieve true freedom. Recently, I've felt that my cultivation base has been improving, but I didn't know why. Now, I suddenly realized that it's this cauldron that has bound me. Now, with the help of this cauldron, even if I encounter a Celestial Master, I will definitely lose without this cauldron. Because of this, this cauldron has unknowingly bound my fate and made me carry a heavy burden." "Uncle Wen, you've actually reached this level of enlightenment? This is truly worthy of celebration! "

Gu Chensha smiled. "That's right. The Inexhaustible Treasure can increase your cultivation base, but it itself is a shackle of fate. In fact, the Inexhaustible Treasure was born to prevent us from cutting off the river of time. In terms of fate, Uncle Wen, you and I are on opposing sides.

Now that you've given up on the Inexhaustible Treasure, your combat power has decreased, but you'll be able to cultivate to the celestial level, or even higher. "

As he spoke, the Divine Prefecture Gourd appeared above his head. It rotated slightly, and a huge suction force appeared within the Divine Prefecture Gourd, sucking in the Inexhaustible Cauldron.

When the Inexhaustible Cauldron encountered the suction force, it actually began to struggle. Waves of resistance surged from it.

However, when Gu Chensha wasn't at the god level, he had refined the Infinity Umbrella and defeated the will of the Heaven Realm. Now, he was already at the sage level and was many times stronger than before. Even the Inexhaustible Treasure at its peak was useless before him. Even the Dragon Sect of the Untainted World feared him, let alone an Inexhaustible Treasure.

Therefore, even though the Inexhaustible Cauldron struggled violently, it couldn't escape the suction force of Gu Chensha's Divine Prefecture Gourd.

Gradually, the Inexhaustible Cauldron let out an indignant cry. It became softer and softer, then turned into dust and fell into the depths of the Divine Prefecture Gourd.

"Melting the cauldron into water. The weight of the cauldron is something no one can question. However, the will of my generation can even mend the heavens and change fate, let alone a cauldron. With a flip of my hand, I can summon clouds and rain. Shattering the cauldron and reforming it, Gu Chensha shook the Divine Prefecture Gourd. As the gourd shook, something inside seemed to break and melt, turning into a torrential river.

Wen Hong looked very relaxed. An aura emanated from his body. It was actually the aura of a divergent.

After losing the Inexhaustible Cauldron, he actually comprehended a divergent and broke the shackles that bound him. From then on, his mind was free and unfettered. Naturally, he became an existence that roamed outside of fate.

"Congratulations on becoming a divergent, Uncle Wen," said Gu Chensha as he put away the gourd.

Zhuge Ya and Longevity God nodded repeatedly. "Now that you've become a divergent, you're not far from the Celestial Sovereign realm. It seems it won't be long before our Celestial Calmness Department will have another celestial. The difference between a celestial and a sage is enormous."

"Mister Zhuge, it seems to me that you'll soon become a divergent," said Wen Hong, looking at Zhuge Ya. "It's just that you have some misgivings in your heart."

"That's right," said Zhuge Ya. "The Lord of Seven Stars' mission is to assist a wise ruler, accumulate merits, and then return. According to the will of the heavens, I should be serving under Wu Dangkong right now.

But as soon as I was born, I chose to serve the Celestial Calmness Department. That's because my own destiny is in conflict with my actions. That's why my cultivation base can't break through. But that's not important. Soon I'll shatter my destiny, break the shackles, and become a celestial. "

Zhuge Ya's cultivation base had already reached a critical juncture. He was well aware of his own actions.

Shattering one's destiny wasn't something a magical treasure could help him with. He had to rely on himself.

Zhuge Ya's reserves were vast. He was already at the peak of the sage realm, the king of sages. Later, he obtained the true essence of the seven stars from the previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang. Logically speaking, as soon as he comprehended a divergent, he could become a celestial. Gu Chensha could see Zhuge Ya's cultivation base, so he waited patiently for him to break through.

Actually, the Celestial Calmness Department's resources and techniques were far superior to any other sect. From ancient times until now, there had never been a sect like the Celestial Calmness Department that had access to countless secret magics and heavenly secrets.

Ignoring everything else, they had the Son of Heaven's God-Bestowment Art and the Grand Massacre God Magic, as well as the Dragon Raising, Dragon Crafting, and Holy Dragon magics. Not even an old-timer like Wan Senshi could master any of the Buddhist orthodoxies. Neither could the three celestials.

With the Celestial Calmness Department's cultivation environment, even a pig could become a god, much less a human.

"Also, the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises, and Fang Lin haven't gained enlightenment yet.

They're still refining their nascent divinities and will in an attempt to fuse with the Endless treasure. If this continues, it'll be extremely dangerous. The deeper their cultivation base, the more difficult it will be to separate from the Endless treasure. In the end, their personality and fate will be influenced by it. I need to persuade them to give up on the treasure and fuse with the Divine Land Gourd. That's the only way they can break free of their shackles. " "That's fine."

Gu Chensha nodded. His will had already seeped into the depths of the Divine Land Gourd, and he suddenly pointed out.

From the depths of the Divine Land Gourd, a ferocious aura, one that could destroy all things, destroy all spirits, and devour all gods, emanated out. This was Xingqiongshi's own aura.

"Xingqiongshi, I'm going to separate you from the Divine Land Gourd. Right now, your will is filled with a sense of unwillingness, but it's just right for you to abandon yourself and be reborn. Abandon everything and turn back."

Gu Chensha refined Wen Hong's Infinity Cauldron into the Divine Land Gourd. At the same time, an umbrella appeared on his body. This was the Infinity Umbrella, which had also fused with the Divine Land Gourd.

After obtaining the Infinity Cauldron and the Infinity Umbrella, the Divine Land Gourd immediately began to tremble. Wind and lightning surged inside, as if it were forming a new world. And then, Xingqiongshi's will was gradually squeezed out.

Finally, Xingqiongshi's will was squeezed out, transforming into a clump of black smoke. Gu Chensha made a grabbing motion, and a clump of primordial chaos vital energy descended.

"Form a human body."

The primordial chaos vital energy squirmed non-stop, and a human figure was actually born from within. It was a body of flesh and blood, and it even had the smell of innate spirituality.

This was a human body that Gu Chensha had refined from the primordial chaos, a body of a connate numinous treasure.