Chapter 411
===========

Gu Chensha did not take the riches of the Demonic Ape Temple because he had killed all the experts there. The army in his fief had already received the news, and if they followed that path, they would reach the temple without a hitch.

He would destroy the top experts and leave the rest to his subordinates to train. With his current status, he had many important things to do.

"Mister Zhuge, I'll leave Yuan Shasheng's avatar, the Great Ape King's main body, and Ape Desolation's avatar to you." Gu Chensha said, "You can use the curse to harm their main bodies.

It's best to force them to sign an agreement and become the army of the Celestial Tranquility Bureau, so that we can use them against the demons. " "I have my own plans."

Zhuge Ya looked at Ape Desolation's avatar in the crystal ball, "Your Highness is indeed successful. You've taken down the Demonic Ape Temple, but the danger of the apes has not been eliminated."

"Directly wiping out the ape race isn't realistic, but we can obtain many of the ape race's secrets from the ape race's patriarch, Ape Desolation's memories, and take the opportunity to weaken them." Tai Mang Di said: "There are a few old antiques among the ape race.

This Ape Desolation is their descendant, and the main ones are the four divine apes of legend. The first is the Demonic Ape of Chaos, the second is the Stone Ape of Thousand Transformations, the third is the Ghost Ape of Yin Yang, and the fourth is the Diamond Fighting Ape.

Only the Demonic Ape of Chaos obtained a divine seat in ancient times. The other three had their own fortuitous encounters, but their lifespans are probably reaching the end. "

"For the same level of experts, the lifespan of those who obtained the Divine Seat is ten times longer than those who didn't.

The Demonic Ape of Chaos has a lifespan of tens of thousands of years, while the other three won't live past eight thousand. "

Gu Chensha pondered, "But even if they are near the end of their lifespans, they will still be a huge danger if they are still alive."

"No matter what, expanding our territory and occupying the entire mountain range of hundreds of thousands of li is the way of the king. There are more and more people in Great Yong. The population increases every year, and in eight to ten years, there will be a lot more people. "

The Fourth looked at the distant mountain range through the Common People's Wish sphere, as well as the huge path opened by Gu Chensha, "The imperial court is running schools everywhere, and all children are receiving subsidies for their studies and martial arts. All families are doing their best to have children, and the population is increasing rapidly. There will be less and less land in the future. "

"It's alright. If we don't have enough land, we'll just expand. The Endless Mainland is simply way too big."

Zhuge Ya said, "Since ancient times, the population of the Divine Land has never been completely prosperous. Every time a dynasty is at its peak, the population will increase explosively, and there will be natural and man-made disasters and a large number of deaths. This time, we must completely break this rule." "Man is the spirit of all living things. If there were too many people, it would be a threat to the Heavenly Dao.

Therefore, it has to be controlled within a certain range. "Gu Chensha guessed," But for us humans, we must break this curse. "

"I will push for a policy in the Imperial Court. That is, if each family has an additional child, they will increase the subsidy again. From birth to adulthood, all expenses will be reimbursed by the Imperial Court." The Fourth said, "This way, the population will increase at an unimaginable speed."

Gu Chensha sucked in a breath of cold air. "If that's the case, will the imperial court be able to pay for it? Don't tell me they want to pressure our Calming Immortal Department? " "Wu Dangkong, the Crown Prince, they will have to bleed."

The Fourth said, "The world will eventually suffer a calamity. It's impossible to rely on our strength alone. We must rely on the people of the world to strengthen themselves.

As long as we can delay the calamity, it will be enough. Think about it, if we follow this policy, the population will increase by several times in ten years, and the children will grow up. If we wait for twenty years, this generation will become adults.

The children of this generation will be carefully cultivated by the Imperial Court. They will learn martial arts from a young age and understand the principles. Their overall ability will definitely surpass ours. How many geniuses and heroes will appear among them? With this huge accumulation, they will be the real backup candidates to resist the calamity. " "This is a hundred-year plan." Gu Chensha deeply agreed with this policy.

"I also agree with this."

Zhuge Ya said, "With the expansion of the population, there will be more geniuses. No one knows what kind of heroes will appear. As long as we guide them correctly, they will definitely walk on the right path. In addition, the more the population, the stronger the fate of the country! It will also be of great help to the Emperor. " "What level is Mr. Zhuge's cultivation base?" Gu Chensha suddenly asked.

"I'll soon gain enlightenment of the Twenty-Three Transformations and Past Illumination."

Zhuge Ya had already reached the Twenty-Two Transformations of Heaven and Earth, but was still stuck at the Twenty-Three level. Of course, it was only a matter of time before he broke through.

"Now unleash the curse. Use Ape Desolation's incarnation as the foundation to attack his true form!"

Gu Chensha's face was grim. "First, capture Ape Desolation and force him to cooperate with the Celestial Calmness Department."

"Of course," said Zhuge Ya. "I recently combined Exalted Primordial Celestial's Dao aura with the quintessence of the Xingqiong clan's battle techniques. I've gained enlightenment of some ancient curse techniques, and I'll use the Common Life's Wish sphere to attack Ape Desolation's true form." "You're Zhuge Ya, Lord of Seven Stars?

I'd like to see how strong your curse is. Can it actually harm my true form? "Ape Desolation had long since considered abandoning this incarnation.

"This curse technique of mine comes from the number one fiend of the Ancient Divine Prefecture, the Xingqiong clan.

It's called the Myriad Witchcraft Curse Killing Dao. It's different from ordinary curse techniques. It's the most sinister of ancient witchcraft curses, "said Zhuge Ya.

"How do you know the Xingqiong clan's secret technique?" Ape Desolation was shocked.

"Because we've already contacted the Xingqiong clan."

Gu Chensha's eyebrows shot up. "We've reached an agreement with the Xingqiong clan. It won't be long before it comes out and submits to the imperial court. Do you think I'd dare fight your Ape Clan alone?"

"Impossible! How could the Xingqiong clan possibly cooperate with you?" Ape Desolation refused to believe it.

"Then you'll have to see if this curse technique of mine is the Xingqiong clan's signature technique."

Zhuge Ya reached out and plucked a branch from the Heavenly Demon Tree. After rubbing it a few times, it transformed into a tiny person that looked exactly like Ape Desolation.

Zhuge Ya made a grasping motion, and Ape Desolation's magical power clone was sealed inside the tiny, lifelike Heavenly Demon Tree branch.

"You are a member of the Demon Clan," said Zhuge Ya. "I used a branch of the Heavenly Demon Tree Sapling to carve a substitute for you. It will be the foundation of the killing curse. Based on the aura and memories of your Dharmic power incarnation, it contains the quintessence of your life force. Very good." A look of terror appeared on Ape Desolation's face. He didn't care and suddenly activated his own power.

Instantly, the Life's Wish sphere was filled with many marvelous aspects. Then, a black needle appeared on the Heavenly Demon Tree. It seemed to contain all of the true essence of malice in heaven and earth. Zhuge Ya held it in his hand, then stabbed it viciously into the tiny tree branch clone.

"Ahhh!"

The clone screamed, as if it had encountered the most miserable thing in the world. Ape Desolation's life was worse than death.

At the same time, far away in a wild mountain range, there was a tall mountain that pierced through the clouds. It seemed to be connected to the heavens, and there were waterfalls everywhere. Flowers and flowers bloomed, and fruits hung from the branches. They seemed to never wither. The entire mountain was a paradise, protected by a huge spell formation.

The mountain was emerald green, made of precious jade. Many parts of the mountain were purple immortal mud, and there were all sorts of strange plants and flowers growing on it. Halfway up the mountain, lightning crackled all year round. It seemed to be under someone's control. In a cave at the top of the mountain sat a monkey.

This monkey was Ape Desolation's true form. The mountain was his own lair, and his true form cultivated here. He was practically one with the mountain.

But now, there was a clump of black gas between the monkey's eyebrows, and the air was filled with ghostly wails. It seemed as if many immemorial demonic souls were entangling it. In the depths of space-time, an ancient curse began to fuse with the monkey's fate.

This was the Ten Thousand Witchcraft Killing Curse. Xing Qiong Shi had once used this curse to kill a god.

Zhuge Ya himself couldn't use this curse, but he used the Life's Wish sphere and the little person woven from the branches of the Heavenly Demon Tree. These were the best materials for using the curse. Immediately, Ape Desolation's true form was entangled by the curse.

This curse was triggered by a secret method of primordial witchcraft. It used the malice qi extracted from primal chaos energy, which was much more powerful than baleful qi.

In other words, at that moment, the space around Ape Desolation had been opened, and the malice qi extracted from primal chaos energy became a curse that seeped into his body, pushing him to the brink of collapse.

"Ah …"

Ape Desolation tried its best to use its own power, trying to expel the malice from the curse, but it couldn't do anything. How powerful was Xing Qiong Shi's curse?

Although Ape Desolation was a powerhouse with an undying body, it was still helpless against this curse. Ape Desolation was still inferior to Jing Qiu.

Jing Qiu had countless secrets, and he might be able to dispel the curse, but Ape Desolation was a bit lacking.

"Ape Desolation, the power of this curse will become stronger and stronger. I used the branches of the Heavenly Demon Tree to weave the little person, which is the bane of your demon race. If I hadn't cultivated the Heavenly Demon Tree, the curse wouldn't have been this powerful. The bloodline of your ape race is flawed, and my curse is aimed at that flaw. Although it can't take your life, it will slowly weaken you. But I'll give you the best chance now."

Zhuge Ya's voice came. "If you join the Calm Immortal Department, not only will I dispel the curse, but I'll also improve your bloodline. I have the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, and North Star bloodlines. If I infuse them into your body, how powerful will you become? "