Chapter 381
===========

"Block it." Gu Chensha's mind was on the verge of collapse. It was difficult for him to resist the Martial Emperor's corrosion.

With Gu Chensha's current cultivation, he was actually not that weak. However, the Martial Emperor himself was an anomaly. Back then, his cultivation seemed to have broken through the thirty-six transformations, Embodiment Transformation. This kind of strength had already surpassed that of a Sage. With such divine power and the will contained in a drop of blood, it was not something that an ordinary Immortal could compare to.

Gu Chensha's Bloodline Will was something that the Martial Emperor's Spirit had yearned for even in his dreams. During the era of the Martial Emperor, he had not obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. Hence, when the Martial Emperor unified the world, he had not obtained the recognition of the Aristocratic Families.

Actually, the Martial Emperor's background was also very strange. Rumor had it that he was the bastard son of the Wu Family and was not valued.

He was even suppressed and his talent was not good. He lived at the bottom of the Wu Family and did not receive much care from the family. He was even humiliated.

Later, he had a fortuitous encounter and experienced all sorts of things. He comprehended the Dao of Anomaly, established the Imperial Court, and unified the world. His relationship with the Wu Family did not improve. There were many entanglements. But because of this, the fall of the Martial Emperor did not affect the Wu Family. Otherwise, the Wu Family would not be a Sage family anymore. They would have completely fallen. Kill!

Gu Chensha's will shrank into a ball to resist the corrosion of the Martial Emperor's will. He hid his Golden Core in his Dantian Grotto-Heaven and used his bloodline to hide inside. His entire body came out, trying to escape from the cauldron.

But it was useless. The Martial Emperor's blood seemed to have a power that was sucking his cultivation power.

In an instant, at least one-third of Gu Chensha's cultivation power was sucked away, including some bloodline power. Although these could be cultivated back, he would be weakened because of it.

"If this goes on, I will be sucked dry and successfully possessed." Gu Chensha roared, "I have to do it."

He used all his strength and tried to summon the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline again. Unfortunately, the bloodline did not appear.

Luckily, he had expected this. He used all the bloodline in his body and simulated the aura and majesty of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline. Buzz …

An aura that was like a mountain and an ocean erupted from his body, and it expanded in the blink of an eye. Its might shook the heavens, suppressed the Grand Dao, and overturned the chaos.

In the instant it erupted, the Martial Emperor's will actually felt apprehensive and relaxed its encroachment. Whoosh! Gu Chensha escaped from the pill furnace and arrived at the underwater palace.

"Hahahahaha …" Just as he was about to flee, a burst of wild laughter rang out from the cauldron. It was extremely domineering. All the items, treasures, pills, and even the eighty-one Celestial Sacred Dragon Soldiers flew into the cauldron. In an instant, the entire cave was clean.

This caused Gu Chensha's wish of plundering without restraint and getting rich overnight to completely fall through.

Next, the pill furnace flew up into the air and began to squirm and transform. Within a few breaths of time, it had taken the shape of a human.

This humanoid figure was dressed in a monarch's attire and had a flat crown on his head. He was actually a peerless monarch. A Martial Emperor had returned to the human world.

Gu Chensha wanted to leave this place, but the Martial Emperor incarnation of the pill furnace released a powerful aura that locked onto him, making it impossible for him to escape. In his opinion, the current Martial Emperor was much more terrifying than Jing Qiu.

"Finally resurrected …" After the Martial Emperor incarnation of the pill furnace reappeared, he clenched his fist, as if a demon had reigned over the world. Then, he suddenly looked at Gu Chensha and stretched out his hand. "Young man, give it to me." "What?" Gu Chensha asked cautiously.

"Of course it's the Sacrificial Talisman. You know the Emperor's God-Sealing Art, and your bloodline contains the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood."

The Martial Emperor said, "If I hadn't obtained your bloodline and comprehended a certain key point, I wouldn't have been able to completely resurrect.

Of course, that kid with the bloodline of the Dharma Saint, a natural-born saint, tried to refine my blood, but I secretly absorbed it. He also contributed greatly to my resurrection. Since that's the case, I will reward him. I won't kill you, nor will I kill that kid. I want to rule over the world again and establish an everlasting dynasty. The two of you are also talented, so be my subjects. " "I don't have the Heaven Sacrifice Decree."

Gu Chensha remained calm. "If I had the decree, I would have hidden in the Sun Moon Altar long ago. You wouldn't be able to do anything to me." "Nonsense."

The Martial Monarch shouted, "Without the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, how could you use the Emperor's God Sealing Art? How could you have the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood? Even after the Emperor abdicated, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman flew away and extracted all the memories and inheritances of this art. No matter how powerful the ancient Emperor's arts were, he would have forgotten all about it and couldn't use it again." "Times have changed. Don't you know that, Martial Emperor?"

Gu Chensha suddenly sent a thought to the Martial Emperor. "Let me introduce the current situation to you, Martial Emperor."

The Martial Emperor frowned and accepted the thought. His expression gradually changed, and a look of disbelief gradually appeared on his face. "I don't believe it!

How could there be an Emperor more powerful than me? And the Heaven Sacrifice Decree can be moved. You took the decree and flew away, but you still have all your power. " "Martial Emperor, this isn't your era."

Gu Chensha knew that this was his only chance of survival. The resurrected Martial Emperor was terrifying, but he wasn't completely flawless. His cultivation base was probably at the level of twenty-seven to twenty-eight transformations. He was stronger than Jing Qiu, but not as strong as when he was at his peak. "Do you know why you failed in the past?

Because you were too weak, you couldn't support the hegemony. That's why everyone joined forces to kill you. And now, I've already told you what happened. Do you think you can rebuild your hegemony? " "There's actually an existence as strong as Gu Taxian in this world? He can even suppress the Heavenly Daos? The Heaven Sacrifice Decree can be twisted? "The Martial Emperor calmed down." I don't believe it. I want to see it with my own eyes. " "Alright."

Gu Chensha knew that the Martial Emperor wasn't a devil. Back then, after he unified the world, he did a lot of good governance. His thinking was similar to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's, but there were too many obstacles.

As for the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, he managed to suppress everything and create the current situation.

"However, could it be that Sir Martial Emperor wants to rebuild the dynasty and restore the foundation of the past? If that's the case, I won't allow it.

Right now, the people of the world are living in peace and prosperity. If we develop steadily for a few decades, or even a hundred years, I'm afraid we'll enter an era where everyone is like a dragon. "Gu Chensha continued," Isn't this the reason why you built the Dragon Transformation Pagoda? " "I really want to see what the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is capable of. Don't believe everything you say. You have to see it with your own eyes. "

The Martial Emperor's face was expressionless as he transformed again. This time, he looked like a middle-aged scholar. The aura of a monarch around him was completely retracted.

"Oh yes, it's strange now that I think about it. The Heaven Sacrifice Decree fell into the hands of the Wu Clan. Furthermore, it's a female named Wu Dangkong." Gu Chensha spoke again.

"Wu Clan?" The Martial Emperor laughed. "This aristocratic clan is old-fashioned and lacks creativity. How can they understand my ideals? However, I've left behind a backup plan in many places.

Now that this drop of blood has awakened, it has gained some power. It needs to recover to its peak. If you're willing to become my subject, I can give you countless benefits. " "Benefits?"

Gu Chensha laughed. "I think it's better for me to bring Sir Martial Emperor around the Divine Land. In the past, Sir Martial Emperor hated the barbarians the most. The first place I'll bring Sir Martial Emperor to see is the Wilderness. What do you think?" "That's exactly what I was thinking."

The Martial Emperor suddenly waved his hand, and a set of armor appeared on Gu Chensha's body. This armor was transparent, invisible to others, but Gu Chensha felt as though his entire body was being restrained. He couldn't even cast any magical arts. "This is the Immortal Trapping Armor. I want to prevent you from escaping and contacting the outside world to kill me. I know you have some strength. After all, I haven't fully recovered, and there's a chance that you'll join forces to kill me.

That's why I'm using this immortal armor to seal you up. Your every move is under my control. If you make any strange movements, with a single thought from me, this immortal armor will shrink and make you suffer a fate worse than death. "

Gu Chensha's expression didn't change. He secretly activated his cultivation method. As expected, once it seeped out of his body, it was suppressed. He seemed to be sealed inside. In other words, he couldn't fly or fight anyone.

"If you want to fly, you can use the immortal armor's power."

The Martial Emperor said again, "This immortal armor can allow you to fly quickly and protect you from being ambushed. But that's all. If you want to attack others, don't even think about it. " "The Martial Emperor's way of doing things is really meticulous."

Gu Chensha didn't resist. He knew that any resistance would be futile. Instead, he would be killed by the Martial Emperor.

The Martial Emperor wasn't an evil demon, but he definitely wasn't a kind person. As the Emperor who once unified the Divine Land, he was decisive. Those who submitted to him would prosper, and those who opposed him would perish. This was a necessary element for an Emperor.

"Don't worry, Lord Martial Emperor. I just want to show you the Divine Land."

Gu Chensha said, "I don't have any enmity with Lord Martial Emperor. In fact, we're on the same side. Back then, the Barbarian Tribe, the Immortal Dao, the Demon Race, the Monster Race, and even the Three Great Heavenly Venerables were all Lord Martial Emperor's enemies. I believe that since the Martial Emperor has been resurrected, he must be looking for them for revenge." "The Three Great Heavenly Venerables!"

When the Martial Emperor heard this, a look of hatred immediately appeared on his face. He didn't try to hide it at all. It was clear that his hatred for the Three Great Heavenly Venerables was simply overwhelming and difficult to suppress.

The Three Great Heavenly Venerables had something to do with the Martial Emperor's death. Otherwise, with the Martial Emperor's methods, the other Sages couldn't do anything to him. Only the Three Great Heavenly Venerables could harm him.