Chapter 715
===========

Male.

"How dare you!" Gu Tiansha seemed to be enraged.

"The strength of the sun and moon great thousand, is that something that you can absorb or blaspheme?"

Wan Senshi was indeed absorbing the strength of the sun and moon great thousand. Originally, the source strength of the sun and moon great thousand was impossible to shake because it contained the will of the sun and moon. But, the power of the great thousand had passed through Gu Tiansha's circulation, causing that brilliant and inviolable will to shrink by a great deal. This allowed Wan Senshi to slowly refine and absorb it.

"I have to thank you for swallowing the sun and moon, Gu Tiansha."

Wan Senshi remained unmoved. "You are still too naïve. Although you came into being out of nowhere, you aren't calm enough. If you had come into being a little later then you would have been invincible. But now you are far from that.

Of course, you saw the Calming Immortal Department growing stronger and stronger at a rapid pace, so you had no choice but to come out and stir up a storm. Otherwise, if you allowed the Calming Immortal Department to continue growing like this then your own cultivation speed would be far from being able to keep up with the Calming Immortal Department's growth. You had to come out because this also proves that you aren't invincible. You are still entangled in karma, and you cannot endure this.

Your temperament is far worse than the three Empyreans. Look, the three Empyreans already know of the strength of the Calming Immortal Department and yet they are still enduring it. They are much calmer than you. " "Wan Senshi, you speak too much nonsense." Gu Tiansha coldly sneered. "No matter what you say today, you will leave this incarnation behind."

As he spoke, countless suns and moons condensed, twisting together and changing. They turned into massive bolts of divine thunder that caused Wan Senshi to shake again and again. It seemed as if the strength of the dimensional realm couldn't protect this incarnation, much less absorb the source strength of the sun and moon.

"Gu Tiansha, the reason you attacked the Calming Immortal Department was because you were afraid that the Calming Immortal Department would subdue those people from the New Divine Continent, such as Daoist Upheaval, Wang Shanshi, as well as a host of masters from various great worlds. If these people were subdued by the Calming Immortal Department, that would be the same as increasing the overall strength of the Black Heaven and Earth Gate. Thus, you acted and rescued these people. But you also wanted to refine these people, so you imprisoned them in a secret place where no one would be able to predict where they would be. Once you refined the Martial Emperors and Martial Saints, you returned and refined those people into puppet magistrates. At the same time, you stripped away their destiny and added it to your body. Like this, you would be able to enjoy the great destiny of the world and also have a magistrate that wouldn't lose to the Common People's Grand Marshal or the Common People's King.

This plan was simply flawless. Unfortunately, your existence made me and the Immortal Master feel threatened. Thus, I teamed up with the Immortal Master once again and finally found the place where you sealed those masters. We rescued all of them and divided them between the Immortal Master and myself.

That caused your plan to fail, and you did a lot of useless work. Did you really think that I was just an incarnation? The Immortal Master and I have already begun to attack the place where you sealed them. Soon, we will be able to break it. Also, there are many primordial treasures in that old nest of yours. We'll gladly accept them. "

Wan Senshi's tone became old and wise, like a senior mocking a junior who was still wet behind the ears.

"You're simply seeking death."

When Gu Tiansha heard this, he was enraged. His eyes shone with boundless light. Indeed, in the depths of space-time, in the most intense and chaotic space-time turbulence, he saw a huge country that he had created. Outside, figures flickered.

The true bodies of Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master were outside this country, fiercely attacking it.

Other than Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master, there were many other figures. Among them, there was no lack of Heavenly Venerables, and there were even some strange existences. His own country and lair were in danger.

"Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, think about it carefully. Among the people you imprisoned, there are many big shots of the Great Thousand Realms. For example, that Wang Chengshi is the Child of the Mystique Great Thousand Realms. He was born because of the tribulations of the Great Thousand Realms. His body contains the source energy of the Mystique Great Thousand Realms, and he is the Child of the Great Thousand Realms. You imprisoned him, doesn't that mean that the Mystique Great Thousand Realms will be cut off? Countless experts of the Great Thousand Realms will naturally come to rescue him."

Wan Senshi said, "Your identity as the Lord of the Sun Moon is actually a tonic to us. If the Immortal Master and I divide you, we might be able to directly cultivate to the Heavenly Origin Realm. You are already the enemy of the entire world! " "Enemy of the entire world?"

Gu Tiansha shot to his feet. "Very well, Wan Senshi. I can't believe you actually pulled out the firewood from under me. I underestimated you and the Immortal Master. But do you really think you've won?

I'm truly invincible. Even if the entire world is my enemy, you have to acknowledge allegiance to me. Anyone who doesn't obey me will die. No exception. " "How arrogant. In the end, if you call yourself Gu Tiansha, then the Immortal Master is still your senior. "

Wan Senshi laughed, his laughter laced with greed. He wanted to devour the Lord of the Sun Moon and ascend to the Heavenly Origin Realm. Almost all of the heavyweights in the world were searching for the Lord of the Sun Moon. They had all reached a bottleneck, and if they could devour him, they would definitely be able to break through.

In the eyes of the heavyweights, the Lord of the Sun Moon wasn't a terrifying existence, but rather a miraculous spirit pill that could help them break through. The moment the heavyweights saw the Lord of the Sun Moon, they would pay any price to devour him. When Wan Senshi saw the Lord of the Sun Moon, there was no fear, only excitement.

"All of you, die!"

At that moment, Gu Tiansha's body changed, turning into a blurry sky. In the depths of the sky, the sun, moon, and stars all appeared. It was unknown how many stars there were, how many worlds there were, and how many mysteries there were. "I'll show you that I'm not just the Lord of the Sun Moon. The Lord of the Sun Moon is just one of my minor identities. Now, I'll show you the power of my true identity. "

"This is …" Wan Senshi's expression changed greatly. He seemed to see a miniature version of the Endless Continent, like the Heavenly Realm.

"Endless power! Heavenly Realm power! "

Under Gu Tiansha's transformation, Wan Senshi's clone crumbled inch by inch, as if it couldn't resist at all. No matter how hard it struggled, it was useless.

At that moment, Gu Tiansha's power connected the past and the present, creating a passageway that connected to his base in the boundless spatial turbulence of China to provide support.

He suppressed Martial Emperors and Martial Sages, destroyed Wan Senshi's clone, and protected his base from being breached at the same time. It could be said that he had truly displayed his invincible might.

However, at that moment, as Wan Senshi's clone was about to crumble, a power that was close to the Heavenly Dao suddenly appeared within the Martial Emperor's body. It was as if some sort of wondrous seed was awakening.

Following this, the Martial Sage within his body broke free from its restraints and took control, suppressing the Martial Emperor's will.

In the end, the Martial Sage's body suddenly changed and collapsed. In the blink of an eye, some sort of hidden power approached and disappeared, taking away even the Martial Emperor.

"Gu Chensha!"

At that moment, the Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, roared furiously. He had never expected this to happen, "When did you infiltrate the Martial Emperor's body?"

He could only watch as the Martial Sage's will was suppressed by the Martial Sage before being activated by some sort of mysterious power hidden by Gu Chensha.

Actually, when the Martial Emperor devoured Wudang Xian and seized control of the Martial Sage's Paradise, he had already buried a hidden danger. Wudang Xian already controlled one-third of the Martial Sage's Paradise, and he was a chess piece that Gu Chensha had hidden.

In Gu Chensha's eyes, the Martial Emperor had long been a big leek, but he had never had the time to harvest it.

Now that the Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, had appeared out of nowhere and fought against Wan Senshi for the Martial Emperor, it gave Gu Chensha a chance. Gu Chensha finally made a move. While saving the Martial Sage, he also captured the Martial Emperor.

At that moment, because Gu Tiansha wanted to save his base, he could only watch as the Martial Sage and the Martial Emperor escaped from his control. At that moment, Gu Chensha's calculations had reached the pinnacle, reaching the limit.

Only at this moment could he save the Martial Sage from the Lord of the Sun Moon, seize the Martial Emperor, and harvest the Martial Emperor again. Whoosh!

The huge power directly pulled the Martial Sage and the Martial Emperor into the medium-sized world of the Common People's Wish ball.

This medium-sized world became stronger day by day. After the five elements were completed, the life force within the world was full. The Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise obtained the essence energy of the North Star Country. The five elements worked together and all of them gained 1,000 years of cultivation.

The moment the Martial Emperor entered, he saw the giant World Tree that connected many worlds. At the top of the World Tree, there was a 100-mile long Green Dragon, a mountain-like Black Tortoise, a Vermilion Bird that could turn the sky red, and a White Tiger that looked like it had evolved into a mountain of gold and silver.

These four Saint Beasts had all matured and evolved many times. Now, their cultivation was the same as that of a God Realm expert above Dao Realm Transformation 30. Each of them had formed their own small world in their bodies.

Moreover, their improvement was not just that. As they were fed by Gu Chensha's Heaven Path Technique, all of them broke through their original limits and had hope of becoming stronger than their seniors.

These four Saint Beasts rested on the World Tree and each of them built their own lairs to cultivate. They then split out clones to roam the world and help the disciples of the Calming Celestial Department kill demons.

In return, the Calming Celestial Department disciples spread the majesty of the four Saint Beasts. After this spread to the people, many scholars wrote about the four Saint Beasts to raise their reputations and obtain huge amounts of luck.

"Seal!"

Gu Chensha appeared in front of the Martial Emperor. His eyes could pierce through everything and he could see through many illusory things. He could also see that the Martial Sage was in the Martial Emperor's body.

He didn't stop and used the Common People Heaven Mending Technique and Common People Heaven Reforming Technique to form the Common People Seal to seal the Martial Emperor.

The Martial Emperor's eyes opened wide in rage and he struggled. Unfortunately, it was useless. After entering the medium-sized world, he was filled with despair.

This was because he wasn't an Empyrean yet. Even if he was, he wouldn't be able to do much in front of the power of a medium-sized world.

Apart from that, there was also a North Star that was equivalent to an Empyrean in this medium-sized world.

Important notice: This website's free app, no ads, no errors, fast updates, members synchronized bookshelves, text size adjustment, reading brightness adjustment, better reading experience, please pay attention to the official WeChat account. appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy) Download the free reader!