Chapter 303
===========

The moment the Death Immunity Talisman appeared, Heaven Talisman Emperor's power surged into the sky and shook the entire area.

The talisman's power turned into a giant cover that covered 100 miles of land. No matter what kind of power struck it, it was useless. It was pretty much an absolute defense.

A portion of the talisman's power charged into the Heaven Monster Book and screams could be heard from within. It was as if numerous worlds were being destroyed and numerous monsters' souls were being shattered.

Furious roars could be heard. "Why? Gu Taxian is actually fine. His talisman power is still here, which means that he still exists in the world." Kacha! The moment this voice was heard, it was destroyed by the talisman power and shattered like an egg.

"Good, my choice was not wrong …" Zhuge Ya nodded his head, "If I chose other celestial sects or factions to protect me, it would have been tough for me to pass today. I might have been controlled and refined by others. Only by joining the Heaven Talisman Emperor will I be able to pass this safely. "

As the power in the Book of Celestial Demons shattered, Zhuge Ya suddenly moved. The profound mysteries of the seven stars flew out of it again and fused into his Primordial Spirit. They rotated and gradually fused into one.

This process lasted for a long time. During this period of time, Zhuge Ya was in the most danger. If he was captured and refined, he would be able to obtain the seven star profundities. The other five star profundities also flew out. That was Jin Suibo's.

The profundities entered the Heaven Monster Book and were refined by many powers. They started to shatter and this was the best time to refine them.

Jin Suibo's body suddenly exploded, transforming into a stream of energy. This stream of energy wrapped around the Five Star Profundities, wriggling constantly. Vaguely, one could see the core of the stream of energy, signs of his sea of consciousness spinning.

"Dao Realm Twenty Transformations, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence." Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue could tell that Jin Suibo's strength had actually reached such a realm.

Jin Suibo himself was extremely powerful. Thinking back to the time when the Limitless Heavenly Sect was destroyed, he was the only one who could escape.

If he could fuse a fifth star profound meaning with it, he would quickly reach the level of an old fogey. Putting him in charge of the Celestial Calmness Department's immortal dao would make him an excellent choice.

At this moment, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue could seize Jin Suibo's five star profound meaning and refine it themselves, but they didn't do so. Instead, they guarded Jin Suibo and injected a gust of Innate Stellar Energy into the ball of gas that Jin Suibo had transformed into, helping him refine the five star profound meaning quickly. Zhuge Ya kept activating his seven Primordial Spirits, borrowing their power to refine them. One day passed, two days passed, three days passed …

The Death Protection Talisman's talisman power was still there, enveloping a radius of a hundred miles. It did not waver in the slightest. In the past few days, countless powers bombarded the talisman, but it was useless.

By now, countless aristocratic families had learned that the Celestial Calmness Department had obtained the Lord of Seven Stars and was currently refining the Seven Star profound meaning. Soon, the Lord of Seven Stars would appear.

But there was nothing the aristocratic families could do. The Death Protection Talisman's power couldn't penetrate them. Furthermore, the fact that the Death Protection Talisman could still unleash its power meant that Grand Emperor Celestial Talisman was still alive. No one dared to act rashly.

"Dammit, I fell for it."

Gu Tanjian was in his fiefdom, looking at the Death Protection Talisman's power and starlight. "I haven't even prepared how to rob the Lord of Seven Stars yet, and now it's happening ahead of time. I wasted three Dragonmaking Pills for this information."

"We're still useful. At the very least, we planted a pawn in the Celestial Calmness Department. Isn't Bao Ming 'er constantly providing us with information?"

Mister Pylon was at Gu Tanjian's side. "If we want to fight for the Lord of Seven Stars, we'll have plenty of opportunities in the future. He's a person, not a magical treasure. He can't be completely controlled."

"But now that he's fused with the Seven Star Profound, I can't refine him. Even if I capture him and kill him, I won't be able to get the Seven Star Profound meaning." Gu Tanjian's voice was filled with greed and regret.

"It doesn't matter. I think that's a good thing."

"You don't need to absorb the Lord of Seven Stars. As long as you capture him and sacrifice him to the Ancestral Spirit of the Magi, you can activate the spirit. If he doesn't fuse with the Lord of Seven Stars, it'll be difficult to sacrifice him. That's because the profound mysteries of the stars are separated from the soul, and the power of the sacrifice will be weaker. Now that he's fused with the Lord of Seven Stars, the Ancestral Spirit of the Magi will reward you with something even better."

"Capturing the Lord of Seven Stars and sacrificing him isn't that easy. I can't even handle Fa Wuxian right now, let alone the Lord of Seven Stars, who's even stronger."

Not to mention the Lord of Seven Stars, who's even stronger than him. "Gu Snapping Sword was still a bit disappointed." My three Dragonfortune Pills, three peerless geniuses! I have to get them back from Bao Ming 'er. "

"The Black Yellow Dragon Emperor has made his move. Crown Prince, it's best if you don't do anything to Bao Ming 'er. First, she can give us information about the Calming Immortal Department.

Second, we can use her to establish a good relationship with the Great Wei Dynasty. Then we can find an opportunity to devour the empire.

Third, we can use her to sell goods to the Great Wei Dynasty. Look, the Calming Immortal Department has been making a lot of money lately. "Mister Pylon was an expert in the art of economics.

"So what should we do next?

If the Calming Immortal Department really does get the Lord of Seven Stars and the Lord of Five Stars, their power will skyrocket. We'll be at a complete disadvantage, and they'll become a true superpower. Given time, they'll be able to stand toe to toe with the Celestial Designer Institution. "Gu Tanjian was still very nervous.

"This time around, there's no other way. Look at the Calm Immortal Department, they even used their final trump card. That's the death-immunity talisman of the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor. That thing is practically invincible, there's no way to break it. Also, the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor hasn't disappeared, he's only in seclusion."

Mister Chi said, "I reckon that the might of the Death Exemption Talisman has given many aristocratic families a fright. Even the immortal dao mystical sects don't dare to act recklessly.

The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor is still around and we don't know when he will come out. Prince, you'd better be careful. " "Zhuge Ya, the Lord of Seven Stars, made the right bet. He really is powerful."

Gu Tanjian sighed, his eyes gloomy. "If this person joins my side, I will definitely act according to my plan, devouring him and taking his Seven Star Profound Meaning. No matter which force he joins, he will be in danger. Only by pledging allegiance to the Tranquil Immortal Department will you receive assistance. "

"Of course the Lord of Seven Stars can weigh the pros and cons," said Mister Pyrolyte helplessly. "Our calculations aren't on the same level as his."

"It's true that his calculations are profound, but he also has a lot of enemies." A vicious smile appeared on Gu Tanjian's face. "I actually want to pull him under my command." "Let's test the waters first."

Mister Pyrolyte licked his lips, his expression bloodthirsty. "If the Lord of Seven Stars has appeared, then the Lord of the Sun and Moon won't be far behind. The Lord of the Sun and Moon is the lord of all the stars.

If we work together and sacrifice them, the Ancestral Shaman Spirit will truly awaken and regain control of heaven and earth. " "The Lord of the Sun and Moon?" Gu Tanjian was puzzled.

"The stars of heaven and earth are revered by the sun and moon. Throughout history, there have been reincarnations of the sun, and there have been reincarnations of the moon and moon. However, there has never been a case where the Lord of Seven Stars has appeared.

But if the Lord of Seven Stars has appeared, then the Lord of the Sun and Moon will definitely appear as well. They're a pair.

According to the legends, when the Lord of Seven Stars and the Lord of the Sun and Moon unite, a supreme existence will be born. "Mister Pyrolyte seemed to see an opportunity. Inside the palace.

In Concubine Ming's palace, Wu Dangkong looked at Gu Chensha's strange phenomenon. Anger appeared on her face. She also knew that she had been tricked.

"Gu Taxian is still here. I can't act rashly …" She tried her best to endure. "I have the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, and I will soon reach the highest level of cultivation. For now, endure, endure, and endure."

At that moment, Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and the others ferociously poured their Connate energy into the Book of Heavenly Demon.

At that moment, many of the restrictive spells within the Book of Heavenly Demon were blasted open. They were crushed by Li Wanlong's will, the palm of the Black Heaven Earth Sect Leader, and the power of the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor. This was the effect that Gu Chensha and the others wanted.

The combined power of these three great existences was enough to cause destructive damage to the various restrictive spells within the Book of Heavenly Demon.

Moreover, the power of the Death Immunity Talisman surged into the Book of Heavenly Demon, suppressing the power of these three antiques. It broke open the Book of Heavenly Demon, and even broke the souls of many divine beasts.

"Dragon's Gate, absorb!"

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue worked together again. They circulated their own power and expanded the Dragon's Gate to its greatest extent, creating a vortex that seeped into the Book of Heavenly Demon, absorbing whatever was within. Rumble! Much of the pure power within the Book of Heavenly Demon surged into the Dragon's Gate. Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue felt boundless, majestic power fill the surroundings.

The energy within the Book of Heavenly Demon was dissipating. There was Li Wanlong's, the Black Heaven Earth Sect Leader's, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor's, and the power of many demon souls and the Death Immunity Talisman.

This kind of high-level power was the most nourishing. Gu Chensha's Dragon's Gate was fused with the Buzhou Palace, and he needed this huge amount of energy to completely fuse them together.

"Lord of Seven Stars, complete fusion!"

At that moment, a huge aura appeared on Zhuge Ya's body. With a shake of his body, his seven primordial spirits and the Seven Stars Profundity fused together, forming a golden core. This golden core was like a star in the sky, hanging high up in the sky. It gave off an ancient power that came from billions of years ago.

Zhuge Ya completely fused his soul and the Seven Stars Profundity together, forming a golden core. He cultivated the 18 transformations of the Dao Realm, the Great Dao Golden Core.

Then, he pointed out with a finger, and a huge amount of star energy surged into the Book of Heavenly Demon. At this moment, his cultivation was the strongest out of everyone present. One had to know that he was the Lord of Seven Stars, and his talent was twice that of Fa Wuxian.

What did it mean to cultivate the Great Dao Golden Core? He was probably comparable to some of the old antiques.

"Jin Suibo, you've also completely absorbed the power of the five stars and become the Lord of Five Stars. Your cultivation is profound, so immediately help His Highness form the Dragon's Gate. Gather our strength, and today, while the Death Immunity Talisman's power is dissipating, we'll combine the Buzhou Palace with the Dragon's Gate, and also fuse the Book of Heavenly Demon. The three treasures will become one, and it will become a treasure that can shake the world. With this treasure, we won't have to fear the old antiques' attacks." This was also Zhuge Ya's plan.

Up until now, the Celestial Tranquility Department didn't have a single treasure that could stop the old antiques. Although the Buzhou Palace was also very powerful, it was best at creating treasures. As for the Dragon's Gate, Gu Chensha had refined it, and it was still a bit lacking. If the three treasures combined, it really might be possible to refine a supreme treasure. Moreover, they all had the ability to do so.

Zhuge Ya himself had become the true Lord of Seven Stars, and had cultivated the Great Dao Golden Core. The Black Tortoise baby was between the twenty transformations. Zhuge Ya also had this level of cultivation, and Lou Baiyue had also cultivated the Great Dao Golden Core.

Even an ordinary cultivator with this level of cultivation would be an important figure in the immortal dao mystical schools. Moreover, all of them were world-shaking geniuses and natural-born saints.

"Vermilion bird, come out!"

Zhuge Ya made another grasping motion, and a little red bird flew out of the Book of Heavenly Demon and perched on Gu Chensha's shoulder. This was the vermilion bird that had hatched from the vermilion bird egg.

"As expected, the vermilion bird egg hatched."

Zhuge Ya sighed in admiration. "This time, our Celestial Tranquility Department has truly reached its peak. We're no longer a small yamen, and can stand up to the Celestial Designer Institute.

Who would've thought that King Chen had cultivated the Son of Heaven's Godseal Art? If it weren't for the Helios of Sun-Moon Dragons, the blood of the Sun-Moon Dragons, and the primordial spirits of the Sun-Moon Dragons, this dead vermilion bird egg wouldn't have hatched. "