Chapter 550
===========

"What? The school of Legalism wants a share too? "

Xuan An frowned. The Black Sect of Heaven and Earth didn't care about the school of Legalism at first. All these years, the school of Legalism hadn't transformed into a true medium-class world, while the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth had always been a medium-class world.

But with the return of the Dharma Saint recently, the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth couldn't help but be wary.

Many experts in the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth knew what the Dharma Saint's return meant. His cultivation was equivalent to a Heavenly Venerable. With such an expert in charge, becoming a medium-class world was only a matter of time. Moreover, the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth didn't have such an expert.

In the past, among the Immortal Path's 72 Mysterious Sects of the Primordial Era, there had been Heavenly Lord Taiyi who had surpassed the 36 Transformations and jumped out of the three realms. However, after Heavenly Lord Taiyi had been killed by the three Heavenly Venerables, the 72 Mysterious Sects no longer had such an expert.

It was impossible for the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth to have such an expert. If there was, the three Heavenly Venerables might target them and kill them.

Chang Weiyang of the Black Sect of the Universe had the momentum and opportunity. Ever since she had become an Anomaly, the three Heavenly Venerables had plotted against her countless times, but she had resolved all of them.

Now, there were many experts in the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth. There was the azure dragon, the sect leader himself, and even a few Saint-level antiques. There were also many God-level experts, but they lacked someone who could truly contend with the three Heavenly Venerables. Only Sages understood how terrifying existences of that level were. That was why the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth was wary of the Dharma Saint. Xuan An didn't dare crush Fa Wuxian either.

Moreover, Fa Wuxian was a natural-born Sage, while Xuan An was just an unparalleled genius. There was a huge gap between the two. He didn't have any confidence in front of Fa Wuxian.

"No, no, no."

Fa Wuxian waved his hand. "I don't think Brother Xuan An understood. It's not that we want a share, it's that we want it all for ourselves. No one should even think about getting a share. Otherwise, we'll be enemies. " "Such arrogance." Xuan An laughed.

"Lord Dharma Saint's tone is so arrogant."

Fa Wuxian did not mince his words at all. He had always been this arrogant, and the word 'lawless' was meant for him. "If your Black Heaven Earth Sect has a supreme expert who can jump out of the Three Realms and not belong to the Five Elements, then you can say that too."

"It seems like Brother Wuxian still doesn't understand the power of my Black Heaven Earth Sect's medium-class world."

Xuan An said, "Although the Dharma Saint's divine might is unparalleled, his accumulation is still shallow. Compared to the Three Great Sky Venerables, there is a huge difference. Moreover, the Three Great Sky Venerables have never been able to do anything to our Black Heaven Earth Sect. Brother Wuxian, don't you think about this?"

"Even if Brother Xuan An has a glib tongue, it won't be of any use. I'll just say one thing. The leader of the Human Dragon Union, Qin Han, and his dharma treasure, Buddha, must be obtained by our school of Legalism."

Fa Wuxian's tone became more and more unyielding. "If Brother Xuan An isn't happy about it, then let's see who's stronger with our true abilities. What do you think?"

"Hahahahaha …" Xuan An laughed and said, "Brother Wuxian, looks like your cultivation has improved, and you can't wait to show off?" "What? Brother Xuan An, do you dare or not? "Fa Wuxian laughed coldly.

"I knew that this group of people all had ulterior motives and wanted to obtain benefits, but Fa Wuxian is still so arrogant and domineering. Of course, he has the right to do this, but it's all mine."

Gu Chensha looked on coldly from the side. He even thought of a few ideas, such as letting Fa Wuxian kill Xuan An, or Xuan An kill Fa Wuxian. Then, the school of Legalism and the Black Heaven Earth Sect would fight each other, and they would be the ones to reap the benefits.

"Alright."

Wu Dangkong said, "Regarding the Human Dragon Union's Buddha statue, there is no need for us to fight among ourselves over this. Moreover, even if the two of you win the fight, will the other forces not covet it? The Demon Race will probably be the first to want it. Who can stop them?

Once the Demon Disaster starts, it will be a battle between the Spirit and Demon Race. No one will be able to control it. We need to think of a perfect plan. " "Then what do you think?"

Fa Wuxian had received guidance from the Dharma Saint, so he wouldn't refute Wu Dangkong's words. His main goal was to keep an eye on this woman and wait for the heaven and earth to change. When the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman changed, he would immediately collect it. Therefore, for the time being, he would endure it. Xuan An also had the same goal.

"Since the Heaven Alliance has been established, then we should set up a rule."

Wu Dangkong glanced at Xuan An and Fa Wuxian, and a dignified expression appeared on her face. Recently, she had been very happy. She had obtained the support of the Xing Qiong Clan's Divine Prefecture Ominous Armor, and controlled one-third of the Martial Saint's Paradise and Minor Chiliocosm. Furthermore, she had obtained the favor of the Martial Saint's Origin Spirit, who had taught her many secret techniques. Right now, her strength could easily suppress Fa Wuxian and Xuan An.

"All of you will join the Heaven Alliance. I will be the Great Alliance Leader. This time, we will work together and do something big. We will get rid of the Calming Celestial Department and completely control the Imperial Court."

Wu Dangkong's tone was very firm, even more so than Fa Wuxian's. "As for the Demon Race, after getting rid of the Calming Celestial Department, they won't have anything to do with it. To me, the Demon Race is just a sacrifice.

All of you here must assist me. This time, the Imperial Court is in turmoil. Only by assisting me and firmly controlling the situation, I will ascend to the throne and become the Emperor. At that time, with countless Demon Race's souls and the Emperor's Aura as sacrifices, all of you will be able to obtain a true God's Position. Isn't it better than fighting like this?

After obtaining a true God's Position, one's lifespan will be about 100,000 years. In such a long time, can't you break through some kind of limit?

For example, God Maha, he is an existence on the same level as the Three Great Heavenly Venerables. " Hearing Wu Dangkong's words, Fa Wuxian, Xuan An, and the others also pondered in silence.

Actually, putting aside the fact that Wu Dangkong was cunning and sinister, and that her promises were unreliable, this plan was indeed very good. The temptation of obtaining a true God's Position was irresistible. Even if Fa Wuxian became a true Sage in the future, his lifespan would not exceed 10,000 years.

As for True Gods who obtained a God's Position, as long as they did not meet with a sudden death, they would basically be able to live for 100,000 years. In these 100,000 years, many things could be done and breakthroughs could be brewed. A True God's Position could only be conferred by the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. Wu Dangkong had the qualifications to do so.

Moreover, this matter was not very difficult. Thinking about it, the Demon Calamity would sweep through the world, and the Celestial Calmness Department would be destroyed. Then, Wu Dangkong would smoothly ascend to the throne and become the Emperor. Conferring a God's Position would only take a few years.

"I agree with this."

Gu Tanjian was the first to express his opinion. "It won't be long before the Celestial Calmness Department is destroyed. Even if we don't destroy them, as long as we beat them into hiding, the world will be completely under our control.

Wu Dangkong holds the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman and controls the Mandate of Heaven. He also has the support of the Xing Qiong Clan and us. It is only natural for him to ascend to the throne and confer the titles of True Gods on us. Obtaining a God's Position is actually very fast. "

Gu Xuansha was originally the Crown Prince, and the throne would be his sooner or later. However, his greatest flaw was that he did not have the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. This meant that he was not legitimate.

He thought about it and also agreed. "I am not very virtuous, and there is really nothing for me to be reluctant to part with the Crown Prince position. I am willing to support Wu Dangkong. Obtaining a God's Position is also a good choice." "This woman is really ambitious."

Gu Chensha laughed coldly in his heart. "She is already about to ascend to the throne and become the Emperor. I wonder if Father Emperor is still here and knows what she has done. Will he slap her to death? But it is also hard to say. All of this might be within Father's calculations. "

At that moment, he laughed loudly. "If I were to cultivate, I don't know how many years and how many fortuitous encounters I would have before I have a 10% chance of becoming a God level expert. But if I were to assist Wu Dangkong, I would probably be able to become a True God in just a few years. Compared to a God level expert, I would probably be many times stronger. How can I miss such a great opportunity? However, how can you guarantee that you will definitely confer titles on us in the future?

If you ascend to the throne and hold great power and the Emperor's Qi, you will have boundless might. At that time, you will burn the bridge after crossing it and kill us in one strike. What should we do then? " He naturally started to sow dissension.

"This matter is worth discussing."

Fa Wuxian spoke. "The position of a True God is no small matter. Apart from us, I am afraid some old antiques of the aristocratic families also want it. Putting everything else aside, the nine God level experts of the Wu Clan all want it. Can you settle it? Which sect leader of the Immortal Dao's 72 Mystical Gates doesn't want it?

According to the plan, after the Calming Immortal Department is eradicated and the situation is stabilized, you will be able to ascend to the throne and become the Emperor soon.

At that time, all the experts will want to obtain the position of God. How will there be a share for us? " Even Fa Wuxian, an innate saint, was tempted by the position of True God.

In fact, since ancient times, True Gods who were conferred titles were even more accomplished than Emperors.

Up until now, none of the ancient Emperors had survived. They had all fallen, but True Gods were still around.

It was like the curse of the Heavenly Dao. After the Heaven Sacrificial Decree flew away, Emperors would no longer be Emperors, and they would not live for long.

Wu Dangkong wanted to become the Emperor and confer titles on these people. According to convention, she did not have much of an advantage.

However, she knew that the Heaven Sacrificial Decree had undergone a fundamental change. It was very likely that it would not fly away. This was Xing Qiongshi's research. She wanted to ascend to the throne with ulterior motives.

"Hmph!

After I ascend to the throne, I will gather the Great Luck of Heaven and Earth and the Emperor's Qi. Then, I will be able to exchange with the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. I will even fuse the Heaven Sacrificial Decree into my body. I will wield great authority over the Heavenly Dao and become an eternal existence. "Wu Dangkong was scheming in her heart." Everything will have to wait until after I ascend to the throne.

This Fa Wuxian is arrogant and unruly, but he is actually willing to assist me and become my subordinate. Apart from scheming for the Heaven Sacrificial Decree, what else can he do? " Of course, she wouldn't say what she was thinking.

"Everyone, this is naturally the only opportunity before us. If you assist me, you will have a chance to obtain the position of True God. If you attack on your own, not only will the Calming Immortal Department not be destroyed, they might even make a comeback. At that time, what will happen to you?

All of you will probably be sent to the Lesser Divine Prefecture to be brainwashed. "Wu Dangkong already knew about the Lesser Divine Prefecture.