Chapter 271
===========

"So, Mister Zhuge has a tribulation like this," said Gu Chensha, suddenly enlightened.

The Lord of Seven Stars had been chosen by the heavens to descend upon the world, but she was also faced with countless tribulations.

The moment the profundities of the seven stars fused into her body and fused with her soul essence, there would definitely be a strange sign. Countless old-timers would instantly realize that she was facing the same fate as the reincarnated servant boy from the Martial Song Star.

Gu Chensha had originally assumed that Zhuge Ya had somehow managed to avoid this tribulation. Never could he have imagined that there would be more.

Of course, when he thought about it, it made sense. Everyone had their own tribulations, especially the more tyrannical they were.

Although Zhuge Ya was skilled in manipulating the workings of the heavens and could evade calamities, there were some things he couldn't hide from. The reason he had come to find Meng Hao was because he had joined the Celestial Calmness Department, fused the profundities of the seven stars, and become the true Lord of Seven Stars. Going to the Celestial Calmness Department was the safest option.

"I hope you can help me, Your Highness," said Zhuge Ya, rising to his feet and bowing.

"Since Mister Zhuge has joined the Celestial Calmness Department, then you are a member of the imperial court.

How could Gu Chensha refuse? This was his duty. "However, becoming the Lord of Seven Stars is no small matter. When the time comes, the stars will be shaken, and the strange signs will be enormous. Even the prestige of the imperial court won't be able to scare off people with ulterior motives.

Mister Zhuge, please come with me to the Celestial Calmness Department. We'll make some preparations and gather our strength to resist the tribulation. " "Thank you very much."

Zhuge Ya bowed again. "If I can fuse with the profundities of the seven stars, then I'll be free to do whatever I want."

"Don't worry, the Celestial Calmness Department has some trump cards that won't let you suffer any losses."

Gu Chensha's body flickered as he unleashed the Dragon Gate. In the blink of an eye, boundless astral energy wrapped around Zhuge Ya and the two boys. "There's no time to lose. I came to the Spiritual State to search for the reincarnated star, and now I've found you, Mister Zhuge. It seems I'm quite fortunate. I'll take you back to the Celestial Calmness Department." "Very well."

At this time, Zhuge Ya had already entered the space of the Dragon Gate. He discovered that the inside was constantly changing. It was unfathomably deep, almost like a world of its own. Countless stars and draconic energy flowed continuously. There were also 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals condensing and breathing in and out. The Buzhou Palace gathered the star power, broke down the energy, and created magical treasures and talismans. With every breath that passed, the space inside the Dragon Gate became more condensed and powerful.

"This is unbelievable. Is that Bu Zhou Palace?" Zhuge Ya asked.

"Yes, Bu Zhou Palace." Gu Chensha nodded.

"Wonderful, this treasure is the palace of the ancient Son of Heaven Zhou, and the core of it is the Celestial Sphere. It operates the Celestial Cycle Constellation, absorbing the power of the stars thousands of times faster than any other expert."

Zhuge Ya clapped his hands. "But I heard the rumors that Wen Hong took this palace. How did it end up in your hands?"

Gu Chensha explained everything in detail. "Mr. Zhuge is the reincarnation of the Lord of Seven Stars. Right now, you lack cultivation techniques. I'll explain Wen Hong's Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art, the Book of Heavenly Demons' Twenty-Eight Constellations Fiend Transformation, and the various star techniques of the Buzhou Palace. I'm sure Mr. Zhuge will be able to improve and comprehend something completely new." Bzzz …

As he spoke, Gu Chensha used his Soul Tendrils to condense these techniques into a will, which he sent into Zhuge Ya's sea of consciousness.

However, before he could even touch Zhuge Ya's sea of consciousness, he sensed a boundless power surging out from the depths of Zhuge Ya's sea of consciousness. It cut off all attempts to pry into the essence of Zhuge Ya's soul. His own will was instantly devoured by this power.

"Amazing." Gu Chensha no longer had any doubts. He now knew that Zhuge Ya's identity as the Lord of Seven Stars wasn't fake.

After receiving these techniques, Zhuge Ya fell into deep thought. After a few breaths of time, his entire body began to emit a different aura.

"Many thanks, Your Highness."

Zhuge Ya laughed. "These techniques Your Highness has imparted to me are all world-shaking techniques. Even if I were to enter the seventy-two profound gates of the Immortal Dao, they would still be considered the highest level. They wouldn't be taught easily. For Your Highness to impart them all to me without any selfish motives, it shows that you are an upright and upright person. I will definitely join hands with Your Highness to accomplish great things.

"In my opinion, Mr. Zhuge will need the help of the Buzhou Palace to quickly increase his cultivation base."

Gu Chensha knew that as the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya needed the Buzhou Palace to quickly increase his cultivation base. Zhuge Ya had made the right decision.

It could be said that even if Zhuge Ya joined the Black Heaven Earth Sect, they wouldn't be able to produce a magical treasure like the Buzhou Palace to help him increase his cultivation base, nor would they be able to impart him with peerless immortal techniques.

The Calmness Immortal Bureau was in desperate need of resources. If he joined, he would be able to reap the greatest benefits.

"Mr. Zhuge, we're here."

Gu Chensha put away the Dragon Gate and landed on the ground. He was already in the Calmness Immortal Bureau.

The Dragon Gate was a combination of the Ten Thousand Kilometer Soaring Cloud Banner, the Profound Sky Dragonboat, the Vast Thousand Mirror, and many other primordial treasures. Its speed was so fast that when it was fully activated, it was likely that many of the old-timers wouldn't be able to match up to it.

The Buzhou Palace absorbed the power of the stars and accumulated spiritual energy and immortal qi. In the blink of an eye, it could unleash its greatest speed.

Other than those old freaks who could pierce through the void and use teleportation, there were very few people who could match Gu Chensha's speed. Gu Huasha and Lou Baiyue were already in the main hall of the Calmness Immortal Bureau. They'd already received Gu Chensha's message.

As their cultivation grew, they no longer needed the Cycle Box to send messages. Instead, they used special talismans. If they used the Cycle Box, the Celestial Designer Institute would know some of their secrets.

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor was in seclusion, and some of the old antiques of the Celestial Designer Institute had ambiguous attitudes. They weren't very supportive of the Calmness Immortal Bureau. Now, Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and the others were very careful to maintain their independence.

"Mr. Zhuge has joined our Calmness Immortal Bureau. Your presence brings light to our humble dwelling." Lou Baiyue was the first to speak. "We've prepared a banquet to welcome you." "You're too polite, too polite."

Zhuge Ya hurriedly cupped his hands. "I'm just a rural scholar who occasionally received the favor of the heavenly stars. My foundation is shallow. I joined the Calmness Immortal Bureau because of Royal Prince Chen's righteousness towards the country and its people. I also have some matters that require the protection of the Calmness Immortal Bureau."

"Don't say anything, Mr. Zhuge." The Fourth waved his hand. "In the future, Mr. Zhuge's matters are our Calmness Immortal Bureau's matters. Mr. Zhuge's status in the Calmness Immortal Bureau is transcendent and equal to us.

Today's banquet is to let the core members of the Calmness Immortal Bureau get to know Mr. Zhuge. In the future, Mr. Zhuge will be able to command them. " "You're too polite." Zhuge Ya saw the situation and knew that he had made the right move. In the guest hall were the true core members of the Calmness Immortal Bureau.

Long Zaifei, Lou Huaiyue, Liu Yu, Long Yuyun, Yu Hanlu, Jin Suibo, Yi Zheng, Little Yi Zi, Yi Ming, the green and white snakes, and the others. At the banquet, everyone had their own table. Pills, jade wine, and so on were placed on it. There were also fruits.

The fruits were Purple-Green Immortal Peaches. The pills were the "Heaven Mending Pills" that the Calmness Immortal Bureau was currently refining. The jade wine was also "Heaven Mending Wine" that was refined through a secret method.

The Calmness Immortal Bureau also had its own brand. Right now, the people had set up a newspaper called "Heaven Mending News".

It promoted Gu Chensha's theory that if the Heavenly Dao was lacking, the common people would make up for it.

It meant that the Calmness Immortal Bureau was doing the mending of the heavens. It was in line with righteousness, the Heavenly Dao, and the hearts of the people.

The Heaven Mending Pill was refined by Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and The Fourth after analyzing many secret methods of refining pills. Not only could it consolidate one's foundation and strengthen one's foundation, but it could also raise one's aptitude. Its effects were even better than the Tiger-Wolf Pill.

The Heaven Mending Pill was divided into many grades. The supreme grade Heaven Mending Pill was even stronger than the Dragon Raising Pill. Not only could it raise one's aptitude to that of a genius, but it could also expand one's meridians and increase the strength of one's body. One pill could completely transform one's mortal body and bring about endless benefits.

During this half a year, although Gu Chensha had been searching for the reincarnated Xing Chen in Langzhou, he wasn't just sightseeing. He was extremely fast and could also go back and forth between the Calmness Immortal Bureau and take charge of the overall situation.

Buzhou Palace itself was a magic treasure manufacturing factory, and the Dragon Gate could produce the Dragon Raising Qi that could raise one to the genius realm. Combining the two, one could continuously produce armors, weapons, pills, and other necessities. There was no need to rely on the Celestial Designer Institution.

The Celestial Designer Institution had the Vigorous Celestial Designer Ghostly God, while Gu Chensha had the Heaven Mending Divine General.

During this half a year, the Calmness Immortal Bureau started to allocate all kinds of resources for Gu Chensha to refine. Not only did it help him increase his experience in refining magic treasures, but it also helped him create truly useful items.

Gu Chensha used these materials to continuously improve the Heaven Mending Divine General, causing it to become stronger and stronger in the Dragon Gate. It also participated in the forging of magic treasures and weapons. In this cycle, the overall strength of the Calmness Immortal Bureau became stronger and stronger.

"Although the Calmness Immortal Bureau has only been established for a few years, it really is full of talents. If we can live for another few decades, we might really be able to compete with the 72 Mystical Gates of the Immortal Dao."

Zhuge Ya looked at the people in the Calmness Immortal Bureau and couldn't help but sigh. "This small group of yours is full of vigor, like the sun that has just been born. In the future, you will definitely illuminate the world." "Mister Zhuge joining our group will truly illuminate the world."

The Fourth was also secretly sizing up Zhuge Ya. He had already learned from Gu Chensha that Zhuge Ya was the Lord of Seven Stars. At first, he was a bit skeptical, but after a moment's observation, he realized that Zhuge Ya really wasn't simple.

"Many thanks for thinking so highly of me."

Zhuge Ya swept his gaze over everyone, then stood up. "I was originally a mountain scholar, but the Seven Stars descended by chance. I received the mandate of heaven, and the Calmness Immortal Bureau and I are on good terms. There is no need for you to be so polite. We will all be on the same side in the future."

"Mister Zhuge is very forthright." Lou Baiyue asked, "What does Mister Zhuge think about the current situation?

During this half a year, although the Wu Clan has laid low, they have been accumulating power in secret. It seems like they want to stage a comeback.

This is some recent information. The Wu Clan has made many strange moves. Would Mister Zhuge be able to come up with a plan? " She was testing Zhuge Ya. She took out a lot of information and showed it to Zhuge Ya.

Zhuge Ya didn't waste any time. He flipped through the information one by one. It was all about what Wu Dangkong had done and what the Scenic Martial Chamber of Commerce had done. There was also the recent changes in the imperial court. As he read, Zhuge Ya's expression changed. "Not good." "What's not good?" Gu Chensha asked.