Chapter 1019
============

Zhao Jiangshan

Zhao Jiangshan was extremely dangerous and difficult to control, but Gu Chensha didn't plan on killing him. This person was also a test subject. If this person could successfully advance to the Heavenly Dao Realm, that would mean that he could create Heavenly Daos, and then he could mass produce them. One by one, Heavenly Daos would be born, and the world would expand once again. The expansion of the entire world meant that Gu Chensha would have more room for improvement. Gu Chensha's thoughts and realm were not something ordinary people could compare to. Many people couldn't understand his thoughts.

He just wanted to keep expanding the world, so that he could improve. It wasn't that he wasn't strong, but the world was too weak. It was like a whale in a fish tank, if it wanted to grow, it had to keep expanding. The current Gu Chensha was too big for the human world, and the world couldn't contain him.

If this world could give birth to more Heavenly Dao experts who cultivated the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method, they would be able to diligently expand the world, and that would open up more space for Gu Dusha to improve his refinement. So, Gu Chensha definitely wouldn't kill him just because he wasn't easy to control. Of course, Zhao Jiangshan was still a bit short of reaching the Heavenly Dao Realm. Rumble!

Zhao Jiangshan's strength kept rising, and it seemed like he was going to break free from Gu Chensha's control. Gu Chensha just smiled, and his body disappeared, leaving Zhao Jiangshan with no place to vent his anger.

Zhao Jiangshan roared again and again, "Who the hell are you? How dare you tease me like this. It doesn't matter if you have good intentions or bad intentions, I will kill you. I, Zhao Jiangshan, will never let anyone tease me, even if it's to help me." As he spoke, Zhao Jiangshan also disappeared. At this time, at the highest peak of the universe. There was a meeting. The meeting was held in a palace hall.

This palace floated in space and time, and was always at the highest peak of the universe. There were dozens of seats, and many ancestors sat on them. These ancestors were divided into two sides, good and evil.

On the left sat the Confucianism Ancestor, Ancestor of Justice, and others, while on the right sat the Ancestor of Evil, Evil Ancestor, and others.

Both sides were hostile, and it seemed like a fight would break out at any moment, but they couldn't, as if they were afraid of something.

"Everyone, we are now Yongchō's subjects, and we control the yin and yang sides of the universe. Now, the universe of good and evil are fusing together, and this has led to countless battles. But this fusion clearly has its own benefits. Look at the universe's essence, and we are all benefiting from it."

All of a sudden, the Evil Ancestor spoke, "However, this isn't the reason why we're holding this meeting today. Instead, we're discussing the recent changes in the origin power of the universe." "Evil Ancestor, I didn't think you'd see through it."

The Ancestor of Justice looked at the Evil Ancestor, and instinctively loathed him. He wanted to destroy the Evil Ancestor, and the other ancestors of negative energy. But the imperial court didn't allow them to fight, so they could only endure.

But while they didn't fight, their subordinates did, and the fight was getting more and more intense.

"The power of the Heavenly Dao is changing."

The Evil Ancestor said, "There are seventy-two ancestors here. We are all in the Heavenly Realm, and some of us have reached the eighth level of the Undying Realm. But we just can't reach the Heavenly Dao Realm.

We created our own universes, and kept brewing, until the entire universe was filled with the power of the Heavenly Dao. We wanted to absorb it, and reach the Heavenly Dao Realm. Especially after our universes fused, the power of the Heavenly Dao became even more intense, and expanded many times. But this also caused us to be unable to control the power of the Heavenly Dao, and we could only let it grow. Now, I heard from the imperial court that the first Heavenly Dao Realm expert might be born from our universe. What do you think? " "There's such a thing?"

The Confucianism Ancestor, Ancestor of Justice, and the others exchanged glances, "Then have you calculated who the power of the Heavenly Dao will favor?" "This universe is no longer something we can control."

The Evil Ancestor shook his head, "That's why I contacted you for this meeting. Only by working together can we calculate who the power of the Heavenly Dao will favor, and what kind of Heavenly Dao Realm expert will be born in our universe.

Apparently, this news has already spread to other universes. For example, the universes formed by the Magic Ancestor, Hero Ancestor, Giant Ancestor, Spirit Ancestor, and Essence Ancestor, have already found out. They have already infiltrated our universe, looking for the person favored by the Heavenly Dao, and want to devour him to reach the Heavenly Dao Realm. So we have to be one step ahead. "

"We painstakingly created this universe, and then brewed the power of the Heavenly Dao, but it will favor a kid."

The Confucianism Ancestor also felt it was unfair, "Others want to take it away? That's just wishful thinking. Since that's the case, let's work together to calculate who that kid is." "But will the imperial court care about this?"

The Ancestor of Justice was a bit worried. "I heard that the imperial court's Gu Chensha wants to produce a Heavenly Dao Realm expert. If we kill this kid, will it make him unhappy? And punish us? " "There's nothing we can do about this," the Evil Ancestor said.

The Evil Ancestor said, "This must be done, or everything we've done will be destroyed. Can you tolerate the essence of the universe we've painstakingly created for so many years, the power of the Heavenly Dao, falling into the hands of others?" "Fine, let's work together."

The Confucianism Ancestor thought for a moment, "Gu Chensha has great power, but if he wants us to do something for him, to promote the Dragonless Heart Sutra, he should at least give us some benefits. If he doesn't give us any benefits, and even wants to cut off our roots, how can we tolerate that?" "What do you all think?" the Evil Ancestor said.

"Then let's work together." All of the Ancestors agreed. RUMBLE!

The seventy-two Ancestors of the Righteous and Evil Paths joined forces, causing the essence of the universe to tremble. Everything in the universe, including space-time, fate, karma, predestination, and everything else, began to move.

In the end, the image of a person appeared, who struggled violently, as if he didn't want to show himself to the Ancestors. But then, he did. It was a young man, Zhao Jiangshan.

"That's him. Lock onto him and capture him. We can't let him get the essence of the universe." The Ancestors of the Righteous and Evil Paths reached an agreement. In that moment, the universe began to seethe with activity.

Meanwhile, outside of the universe, Zhang Ziran, Emperor Of Heaven, and Gu Huasha were watching the transformations taking place in the universe.

"I never would have guessed that the Righteous and Evil Universes would expand so much," Zhang Ziran said. "The Heaven-Dao power is even stronger than before, and experts of the Heaven-Dao level are born. What do you think, Emperor Of Heaven?

Once that Heaven-Dao expert is born, he'll surpass us. All of our good fortune and years of cultivation can't even match up to a newcomer. What are you going to do about it? " "I can't accept it," Emperor Of Heaven said.

"But even if you can't accept it, there's nothing we can do about it. We have to figure out a way to reach the Heaven-Dao level. I can sense that more and more people will reach that level in the future. Don't tell me you haven't noticed that there are more and more people who have mastered the Dragonless Mental Magic. Although they aren't very strong, they can already use it to create worlds. You see, the reason why the Righteous and Evil Universes are so huge, and are still expanding, is because more and more people have mastered the Dragonless Mental Magic." "That's true," the Emperor Of Heaven said.

Number Four said, "I finally understand. To advance to the Heavenly Law Realm, one must use the Dragonless Mental Art to create an entire world and expand it. Only then will you have a chance to rise up. " "Then how do we do it?"

Zhang Ziran said. "Actually, the ancestors who created the Righteous and Evil Universes are out of control. Not only are they not benefiting from it, but they're also giving birth to a powerful entity. Of course, we can fish in troubled waters. If we devour that entity, we'll be able to reach the Heaven-Dao level. If we copy them and create worlds, we won't be benefiting ourselves, but others."

"Many of the ancestors have their eyes on this universe," the Emperor Of Heaven said. "The way I see it, that Zhao Jiangshan won't be able to escape. No matter what happens, we have to capture that Zhao Jiangshan.

But we also have to be on our guard. We can't accept it. If one Heaven-Dao expert after another appears, we'll be reduced to nobodies. That's terrifying. "" That's true.

In the past, the three celestials — Yuan Gu, Dou Sheng, and Subhutuo — were extremely powerful in the Heaven Realm. All of the emperors of the Central Divine Prefecture treated them with the utmost respect. But now, they haven't improved at all. They can't reach the Ancestor level at all. They just barely managed to become Heaven Realm experts, but that's an extremely weak Heaven Realm that's constantly being bullied by others. If we end up like that, we'll probably be in a worse state than death. "The Fourth suddenly had a bad idea.

"We have to reach the Heaven-Dao level first," Zhang Ziran said. "I'm the Human Ancestor, and the Human Realm is mine." "I wonder if Gu Chensha will interfere this time?" the Emperor Of Heaven said.

"He'll definitely interfere. Based on my understanding of his personality, he's probably already making arrangements. Although a Heavenly Dao expert isn't much to him, no one else has reached the Heavenly Dao realm apart from him.

That's why this is the perfect test subject for him. He probably won't let anyone destroy it so easily. "

The Fourth chuckled. "Let's just wait and see. He'll definitely make a mistake. I refuse to believe that he'll be able to stand at the peak forever."