Chapter 161
===========

"Where is this?" Lou Baiyue asked as soon as he opened his eyes.

Gu Chensha did not answer. He had used up too much blood just now. He had injected almost one-third of his Sun-Moon Dragon Blood into Lou Baiyue's body. Now, he had used up a lot of energy, so he could only use the Heavenly Dew to replenish his Qi.

In the past, his cultivation had been very low. A drop of Heavenly Dew could replenish all his Qi and strengthen his body. Now, he had swallowed it and turned it into Sun-Moon Dragon Blood.

"You saved me?"

Lou Baiyue did not disturb Gu Chensha's recovery. After asking a few questions, she had more or less understood what had happened.

She had been defeated by Li Wangsheng, but she had not fainted. She remembered everything clearly. Once she recovered, she would understand everything.

She looked around and saw all kinds of boxes piled up like a mountain. There were Spirit Cleansing Pills, Purple Blood Rejuvenating Pills, Seven Sage Heart Refining Pills, and Heavenly Dew in buckets. She was secretly surprised by such wealth. She didn't know where Gu Chensha got it from.

After a long time, Gu Chensha opened his eyes. His Qi had recovered. If it was not for the Heavenly Dew, he would not be able to recover even if he recuperated for a few years.

"I didn't expect you to have such a fortuitous encounter."

Lou Baiyue looked at the Sun-Moon above the altar with her hands behind her back. "If I'm not wrong, this is …"

"That's right. I obtained the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree. This space is the Sun-Moon Altar formed by the Decree." Gu Chensha did not hide it. He knew that Lou Baiyue should have seen some clues.

"Heavenly Talisman, Son of Destiny."

Although Lou Baiyue had been mentally prepared, she was still quite shocked when she heard this answer. She then said, "No, you are not Son of Destiny. According to historical records, all Sons of Destiny, even before they obtained the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree, were extremely talented. They were all born Saints.

Actually, the difference between the Son of Heaven's Mandate and an Innate Sage is that one has a Heavenly Talisman, while the other hasn't. As for your aptitude, it's only slightly better than an Innate Sage. You've recently improved, and your aptitude is already above average, but compared to an Innate Sage, the difference is still too great. " "I have vaguely discussed this matter with my father."

Gu Chensha was very calm. "This talisman shouldn't belong to me, but Father might have gambled with the Heavenly Dao and changed my fate, allowing me to obtain this talisman." "So that's how it is. I knew it."

Lou Baiyue sighed, "His Majesty actually doesn't need the Heaven's Sacrifice Talisman anymore. The Heavenly Dao may not be able to do anything to him, but in order to save me, you were willing to reveal the secret of this talisman in front of me. Aren't you afraid that I'll spread it?

Once the secret of this talisman is exposed, you will immediately become the target of public criticism. You will never have a day of peace. Countless old devils and even the old monsters among the Primeval Immortals will capture you.

Right now, your little achievement is actually nothing. Those people won't care about you at all. But if you reveal the Heavenly Talisman, it'll be different. Even Fa Wuxian's reputation can't compare to yours. " Lou Baiyue was right.

Even though Gu Chensha was doing very well now, in the eyes of many big shots, he was not worth mentioning. Countless big shots would pay attention to Fa Wuxian and not him at all.

"This talisman is nothing much," Gu Chensha's attitude was very good, "The country's divine artifact belongs to the virtuous. Virtue is the foundation, and divine artifacts are secondary. How can I give up my foundation for a divine artifact?

That's not neglecting the essentials. At the end of the day, this talisman is just a trading channel. " "Hmm?"

When Lou Baiyue heard what Gu Chensha said, she was stunned at first. Then, she praised, "Not bad, the human heart should be higher than the sky.

I've still underestimated you. Even a stone in the mud will one day become a star in the sky, shining for eternity. And the stars in the sky will one day fall and fall into the mud. "

"Well said," Gu Chensha said, "This talisman is my last secret. Since you know about it, it doesn't matter anymore." "A selfless person, having no secrets might not be a bad thing."

Lou Baiyue said indifferently, "Today, you saved me, and I dare not forget this kindness. There will be a day when I repay this kindness.

Since you've obtained this Heaven's Sacrifice Talisman, you're cultivating the Son of Heaven's God Investiture Art. The blood in your body is the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood. No wonder when you healed me, the blood contained unbelievable vitality. Not only did it allow me to rebuild the universe, but it also allowed me to comprehend some unknown mysterious mysteries in the Great Massacre God Technique. My future achievements are limitless. I finally understand why His Majesty wants us to be close. "

"Great Massacre God Technique, Son of Heaven's God Investiture Technique, one slaying gods and one becoming a god. Is there something special about the two of them?"

Gu Chensha knew that he had unintentionally helped Lou Baiyue. Maybe the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood was really beneficial to Lou Baiyue.

"It is hard for me to describe the feeling, but in time, I will be able to break through once more. True Flame will train my brain and my body will be able to form the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body. At that time, it won't be easy for Li Wangsheng to kill me."

Lou Baiyue recalled the battle just now. "However, this person's cultivation level is really high. Although his talent is not as good as Fa Wuxian's, he is probably just a little bit weaker. He is a peak-level figure among the geniuses."

"Top geniuses are really terrifying." Gu Chensha thought back to Long Zaifei. His cultivation speed was like he was riding a Giant Roc into the clouds.

Li Wangsheng was also a direct descendant of the Ten Thousand Dragon Nest and the resources he received were thousands of times more than Long Zaifei.

"Right."

Gu Chensha asked, "Is Li Wanlong a human or a monster? If he is a monster, then Li Wangsheng is also a monster but he is similar to a human."

"Li Wanlong was a normal snake but he had a fortuitous encounter and grew step by step. In the end, he turned into a dragon and built the Ten Thousand Dragon Nest. All the monsters and demons respected him.

But he could transform into a human, so naturally, his son would be a human too. But his bloodline would still have monster blood. Li Wangsheng's mother should be a three-eyed spirit phoenix, which was why he had three eyes at his brow. "Lou Baiyue knew many secrets.

"I only know that for monsters to transform into a human, they either have to cultivate to Dao Realm Sixteen Transformation and steal a person's body. But that way, they will have to give up their monster body and damage their soul, causing their cultivation to regress. Otherwise, they will have to cultivate an undying body and change their flesh and blood." Gu Chensha read a lot and knew many cultivation tricks and future paths.

"Li Wangsheng's cultivation is really high and he is probably even higher than Corpse Reincarnation."

Lou Baiyue sat down and bathed in the light of the sun and moon. She felt really comfortable, "The Sun Moon Altar is a cultivation treasure and when the light shines on it, all the impurities will be purified. I can take the chance to cultivate. Why don't you tell me about the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique and I will tell you about the Great Massacre God Technique and the various techniques I cultivate? Then, we can be honest with each other. How about that?" "It is okay." Gu Chensha wouldn't hide anything about the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique.

He knew that the path of martial arts depended on one's own will and comprehension. Although the cultivation technique was important, it wasn't the deciding factor. He also wanted to hear about the Great Massacre God Technique as he could use it as a reference to perfect his own Clumsy Fist. Thus, the two of them started to cultivate in the Sun Moon Altar. Both of them didn't hide anything.

Gu Chensha told Lou Baiyue about the essence of the Sun and Moon Refining, the Sun and Moon Transformation, the Sun and Moon Slaughter, and the Four Moves of the Sun and Moon Dragon. He even drew pictures of them. However, some of the things in his mind couldn't be passed down yet.

When Lou Baiyue talked about the Great Massacre God Technique and the Great Devouring Spirit Technique, there were countless formulas and theories. Gu Chensha didn't know what she was talking about. He couldn't even remember it because this kind of thing almost never appeared in history. He never expected that the Great Massacre God Technique would use various symbols and formulas to accurately understand the countless changes of the universe, the profound meaning of the human body, and the secrets of the dimension of heaven and earth. This technique didn't belong to this world. No saints, gods, or even the Heavenly Dao had such a theory.

"I don't understand. I don't understand." Gu Chensha felt dizzy.

There were many complicated formulas and theories in the Great Massacre God Technique and the Great Devouring Spirit Technique. Forget about understanding, just thinking about it made him dizzy. He didn't know how Lou Baiyue understood it and cultivated it successfully. On the other hand, Lou Baiyue was able to learn the Son of Heaven Investiture God Art. Her progress was much faster than Gu Chensha's.

Gu Chensha was shocked to find that Lou Baiyue's aptitude improved with the progress of the Great Massacre God Technique and the Great Devouring Spirit Technique. She seemed to have awakened many things. At this moment, Lou Baiyue's aptitude was almost at the level of a peerless genius.

"Royal Father definitely values Lou Baiyue a lot. It's definitely not without reason."

Gu Chensha suddenly had a thought. "Could it be that Lou Baiyue's aptitude is actually that of a Natural Saint?

But she was blinded by some kind of power. As long as she completely awakens, she will definitely not be inferior to Fa Wuxian? "

This was because Gu Chensha found that before Lou Baiyue was injured, her aptitude seemed to be that of a genius. But after consuming his blood, she actually advanced to become a peerless genius.

Gu Chensha was actually very familiar with aptitude. He had observed Long Zaifei and had a great understanding of peerless geniuses.

That kind of person could instantly understand any complicated martial art. Even if it was a martial art that they had never come into contact with before, once they started, it would be equivalent to years of bitter training, imprinting it into their soul.

But Gu Chensha was different. When he learned a martial art, he would need a long time to ponder, familiarize himself with it, practice hard, and finally master it.

Take the three moves of the Great Spirit God Technique, "Moving Mountain", "Overturning River", and "Overturning Sea" for example. If Gu Chensha wanted to cultivate it to the point where he could use it in actual combat, he would need at least a month to practice it thousands of times before he could use it against an enemy.

But peerless geniuses didn't even need to be taught. They could just look at it once and learn it all, then immediately use it in actual combat. This was the terrifying part.

As for how a Natural Saint was like, Gu Chensha didn't have an example. He had never seen how Fa Wuxian trained, so he had no reference.

Right now, Lou Baiyue was the same. He had just explained the moves of the Son of Heaven Investiture Art, and Lou Baiyue immediately understood it. Furthermore, she brought up a brand new understanding. There were some things that even Gu Chensha himself didn't think of.

He was afraid that in a few days, Lou Baiyue's understanding of the Son of Heaven Investiture Art would be much more profound than his own. This was something that couldn't be helped. Aptitude determined the ability to comprehend. This was also the true essence of Gu Chensha's Clumsy Fist.