Chapter 990
===========

"That's natural. The Heavenly Dao was operating all living beings in the past. The karma lines were meticulous. It was about to succeed. It evolved into the Heavenly Court and created a great calamity.

In the end, it evolved on its own, but in the end, it still gave birth to the existence of Ancient Treading Celestial, which caused the current timeline and fate lines to collapse. In the end, it became uncontrollable. It can be seen that the fate of all sentient beings is not so easy to manipulate. Gu Chensha has successfully created the River of Fate, but the final direction of the River is still uncertain. The Emperor Of Heaven hated Gu Chensha to the bone.

Because his fate and the Fourth Gu Huasha's fate were controlled by the River of Fate. They couldn't jump out.

In other words, no matter what they did, their lives were completely controlled by Gu Chensha. They could only follow Gu Chensha's directions in the future. They would completely lose their own Dao. This wasn't only bad for their cultivation, it was also a big blow to their temperament.

"The most important thing now is to jump out of the River of Fate created by Gu Chensha. Otherwise, when the great calamity comes, I'm afraid we'll be killed by other rising figures.

For example, there are a few people in the Human Realm who have great potential, especially those who obtained the Karma System. There's also one who obtained the Good and Evil System. There's also one who obtained the Fate System. I'm afraid he'll reach the Heaven Realm. "Gu Huasha looked at the huge Human Realm. He had already discovered many existences that could threaten him.

"I've been eyeing a few people who obtained the Karma System. All of them have increased Fate. Those Systems are actually evolved by Gu Chensha using his own Dragonless Heart Sutra. Although we cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, our strength hasn't reached this level yet. It's impossible to use the Dragonless Heart Sutra to condense the Dao of Karma, the Dao of Good and Evil, the Dao of Fate. To provide for people's cultivation. "

Celestial Thearch said, "After these people obtained the systems, they followed the arrangements of the systems to cultivate and infiltrate, providing the systems with resources. At the same time, the systems gave these people power, and they complemented each other. To be honest, Gu Chensha created these systems on the surface to give these people a fortuitous encounter, but in reality, it was for them to nurture the systems and make them stronger.

But this method is really powerful. Now that those who obtained Gu Chensha's fortuitous encounters have become stronger, Gu Chensha has also become much stronger. We are no match for Gu Chensha. "

"This is an overt plot. The general trend is unshakable. However, Gu Chensha's methods are not unbreakable. In the end, he will be destroyed by those people. When those people cultivate to the end, they will discover that he is the mastermind behind the scenes.

And then they will rise up and fight back. Actually, the goal of Gu Chensha's Dragonless Mental Magic is to give everyone freedom. And yet, he created the River of Fate, which binds everyone. That is the exact opposite of the Dragonless Mental Magic. "

The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "Of course, I know that this is his method. First suppress, then raise. But doing that will also accumulate risk. He controls the fate of all living beings, and in the end, when they transcend, it will backfire on him, and he will be killed by them." "That makes sense," the Emperor Of Heaven said.

"But I'm afraid we'll have to wait for an opportunity. Right now, we need to find a way to escape his control and escape the River of Fate. That way, he won't be able to control us. I can see that you've already gained enlightenment on your path of the Nihility Ancestor. And I also know that you've been secretly recruiting people who have had fortuitous encounters to offer sacrifices to you. From those sacrifices, you'll have a chance to escape Gu Chensha's control." "It'll almost succeed.

The path of the Nihility Ancestor is indeed wonderful. It's a pity that Gu Chensha has already broken away from the title of Eternal Ancestor. Otherwise, I'm afraid he would be greatly restricted, and would be below me. "

The Fourth Gu Huasha sighed, "Of course, if this kind of restriction can restrain Gu Chensha, then he wouldn't be Gu Chensha." "It has more or less affected him."

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "But now that he has broken away from the influence of the title of Eternal Ancestor, it'll be very difficult for us to use this matter to make a fuss. Also, the human world's sacrifices are still very useful to us, and we can't give up on them. Although you've already used Zhang Ziran to control the human world, we still need to guard against his counterattack.

However, we also need to be on guard against his counterattack. He's already prepared to strip you of your status as Progenitor Wushuang, or lower your grade. You'll have to be on equal footing with them. Once you're on equal footing with them, you'll lose your destiny to them. When that happens, our chances of escaping Gu Duesha's control over the river of fate will be even slimmer. " "Don't worry about this, it's still too early for them to rebel."

Gu Huasha didn't care at all, "That father and son Zhang Ziran, Zhang Yi Ren, Hong Ling Sha, and the others are all under my control.

In addition, I'm afraid that the Dharma Saint that you've set up has also changed his mind. Before leaving the Heavenly Court, he was loyal to you, but after leaving the Heavenly Court, he became the Spell Ancestor, and obtained the benefits of being an ancestor. He will never turn back to be your lackey again. You have to understand this. "

"I already knew that the Dharma Saint would betray me. He's not very reliable, but he's also one of my chess pieces. I think you also know what I want to do," said the Emperor Of Heaven.

"You're also worried about me. You want me to have potential, but you don't want my strength to completely surpass yours. In the final fusion, you want to devour my will and keep your own. In theory, we're of the same origin, but we're also enemies that will have to fight to the death in the end, right?" The Fourth Gu Huasha looked at the Emperor Of Heaven, and a faint smile appeared on his face.

"That's right, but now is not the time for us to fuse together. Before the final outcome arrives, we must fuse together. At that time, it will depend on who can maintain their own will, and finally succeed in standing out, and become one of the greatest existences in history."

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "This is our destiny. If we separate, I'm afraid we'll be weak. Only by uniting and becoming one will we find a way out, and the ultimate transcendence. I'm actually the incarnation of the Heavenly Axiom, and you're Gu Taxian's chess piece, created to deal with the Heavenly Axiom Emperor Of Heaven. You've been entangled with me since you were born. It's impossible to separate. " "Let's not talk about this. We really haven't reached the time to fuse together."

The Fourth Gu Huasha sighed, "It depends on our own means, and the Child of Destiny that you created, the existence that's preparing to unify the human world. I'm afraid that the emperor of the Qi Country will not succeed, and will be eliminated in the end. If this country and that person are eliminated, you'll suffer a severe blow. "

"I've been secretly observing this matter for a long time. Now that the Qi Country is besieged by the Great Tang, the Great Han, the Great Song, the Great Ming, the Great Yuan, the Great Qin, and the other countries. The situation is already very dangerous." The Emperor Of Heaven's tone revealed a hint of solemnity.

"That's right. The Great Tang Empire's Emperor is actually someone who has obtained the Karma System, and the Great Han Empire's Emperor is someone who has obtained the Good and Evil System. As for the Great Qin Empire's Emperor, he has obtained the Destiny System.

The Great Song, the Great Ming, and the Great Yuan Empire's Emperors have all obtained the fortuitous encounters created by Gu Chensha. These people have established their own dynasties, and they can summon the wind and rain in the human world. They've already completely covered up the Qi Country that you've identified as the Child of Destiny. Moreover, these people also know the secret behind it. If they can capture and kill the Child of Destiny that you've designated, they'll have great achievements. "

The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "You have no choice but to investigate this matter. However, I can't help you, because helping you is equivalent to weakening myself.

If your Child of Destiny is devoured by those people who are eyeing you covetously, I'm afraid you'll be weakened. At that time, I can only personally devour you. I can't care about anything else. " "Don't worry about this matter. I'll definitely not let the Child of Destiny be killed."

The Emperor Of Heaven's tone contained a trace of coldness. "On the other hand, if your identity as the Nihility Ancestor is taken away, and your destiny is weakened, I'll completely kill you and devour you." "Interesting, interesting."

The Fourth Gu Huasha laughed. "The two of us are mutually dependent, and we'll be on guard against each other, and we'll improve together. This is also a kind of motivation. If one of us falls behind, he'll be devoured by the other. In this way, we'll improve extremely quickly." "Then it'll depend on who falls behind, or who takes a step forward." The Emperor Of Heaven said.

"Take care of yourself." The Fourth Gu Huasha's body moved slightly, and he completely disappeared, leaving this Heavenly Court. Human Realm, Great Tang Empire.

As Gu Chensha walked in this huge empire, he discovered that the prosperity of this empire was actually not inferior to that of the Great Court.

It was also a huge empire created by the combination of the Immortal Dao Civilization and the Prehistoric Technological Civilization. There was advanced technology, and there were also cultivators with extremely high cultivation. The two fused together perfectly.

The Technological Civilization was the crystallization of collective wisdom, while the Immortal Dao Civilization was the civilization of individuals.

However, when the Technological Civilization developed to the extreme, it would gradually shift towards the Immortal Dao Civilization. This was because the Technological Civilization could create all kinds of medicines. These medicines could improve the human's genes, lifespan, and even the soul, allowing the human's strength to completely rival the cultivators of the Immortal Dao Civilization.

"Not bad, not bad."

Gu Chensha appeared in the capital city of the Great Tang Empire. "As expected of the person who obtained my Karma System. The Great Tang Empire he established actually started to perfectly fuse the Technological Civilization and the Immortal Dao Civilization together, causing the two civilizations to reach an extreme level of harmony. There's no conflict between the two, and it's almost as if a brand new civilization is being born. It seems like the Great Tang Empire and the governance of this person has given me quite a bit of experience."

This was what Gu Chensha wanted. He created all kinds of fortuitous encounters, allowing many fated people to obtain them. It wasn't to control these people as his subordinates, but to let these people borrow the fortuitous encounters to quickly grow, establish a country, govern the people, and create all kinds of glorious civilizations, thereby enriching the Dragonless Heart Sutra.