Chapter 1100
============

Fate Explosion Chapter: Fate Explosion

In the old world, Tang Chuan obtained the support of the new world's will, allowing him to escape. He was one of the main characters chosen by the new world's will 'Gu Xinjian'.

In fact, the new world's will 'Gu Xinjian' hoped that its chosen main character would take over the old world and become its supreme ruler. That way, it could truly combine the old and the new, reaching a realm that no one could predict. Of course, Tang Chuan was only one of its pawns.

Even Tang Chuan himself didn't know that the moment the talisman fell into Zhang Xuangong's hands, he had already been abandoned by the new world's will.

However, Gu Chensha didn't abandon him. He secretly used the crystallization of a supreme Arcana technique to create a palace, allowing Tang Chuan to obtain a fortuitous encounter.

As soon as Tang Chuan obtained this fortuitous encounter, he immediately comprehended the ultimate profundity of the Arcana technique, causing his cultivation to rise rapidly.

"Chensha, have you already discovered who has my talisman?"

The Martial Saint asked. Although his cultivation had reached the Supreme Immortal realm, compared to Gu Chensha, there was still a world of difference, so he couldn't clearly see through many things in fate.

"That young man is called Zhang Xuangong."

Gu Chensha said: "Right now, my good son Gu Xinjian is teaching him, but he's also very good at concealment, as if he's carrying out some sort of scheme."

"The Zhou Yang you created is also carrying out a series of operations, helping the old world's main character, Li Fusheng, expand his forces."

Gu Chensha said: "I believe that in a few more years, the old world's forces will be completely divided. We only need to do as we please, observe from the shadows, and intervene when necessary. "

"In these years, I've seen too many main character candidates grow up, then decline and get devoured by others. There are even some people who aren't main character candidates, they clearly don't have any fate, but with their own intelligence, they managed to kill a few main character candidates and become big shots. There are also some wild children who are still growing." The Martial Saint said.

The wild children that the Martial Saint was talking about were those who didn't have any fate, nor were they nurtured by big shots, yet they slowly became strong from a nobody.

Originally, it was impossible for these small characters to be a match for the main character candidates, but for some reason, they killed some of the main character candidates instead.

From this, it could be seen that there were countless accidents in the world. Even Gu Chensha couldn't be sure of them. He waved his hand again. The River of Fate reappeared.

By this point, the River of Fate was filled with roaring waves, dragons, snakes, and dragons. It was impossible to see what was going on inside the River of Fate.

"Fate is in such a mess?"

The Martial Sage said in shock, "It seems like it won't be in your hands. Could it be that you can't control it as well?" "I don't want to control, because absolute control is not beneficial to me. In that case, I decided to speed up the development.

River of Destiny, disperse! "Gu Chensha suddenly injected a stream of energy into the River of Destiny. Rumble! It was as if some sort of absolute power had ignited the entire river of fate.

The river of destiny exploded and turned into countless streams of light that fell into the multiverse.

At this moment, all the living beings in the multiverse trembled. They felt as if their minds were extremely relaxed, as if they had gotten rid of some sort of binding, and they would no longer be trapped by something.

"You caused the River of Fate to explode?" The Martial Sage said, "Without fate, won't the world be in chaos? There will be many unexpected changes. "

"Actually, the River of Destiny existed in the beginning. However, after the great changes of the world, the Heaven Realm of the Land of Infinity turned into the Human Realm, which then evolved into the multiverse, causing the River of Destiny to collapse. Therefore, during that period of time, countless powerful beings appeared. None of them could tell what fate was like, nor could they see the path of the future. Therefore, I recreated the Order and the River of Destiny, which was equivalent to self-cultivation. In fact, it was also meant to train the living beings. For example, if an ordinary person were to cultivate, they would have to carry a sandbag on their back. The reason why I created the River of Destiny was also when the living beings were just starting to develop. Now that the new world and the old world have already taken form, and the basic order of the entire multiverse has already been formed, I removed the sandbag that the living beings were carrying on their backs, freeing them from the burden.

Next, without the bindings of fate, fate will become extremely chaotic, and the world will become more and more interesting. "

Gu Chensha looked at the multivariate universe. It was unknown how many changes had happened in that instant. It was during these changes that an endless amount of information surged into Gu Chensha's' Neither Being nor Undying 'module, causing the module to emit waves of light.

"Chensha, your Path of Non-Existence and Non-Existence and Immortality seems to be about to succeed."

The Martial Sage said, "Actually, you created the River of Fate and managed the fates of the living beings, which is a huge burden on yourself. Now that you've exploded the River of Fate, the living beings will no longer be bound by fate, and you won't have to manage it anymore. It's like you've become free, and it's only natural that your cultivation base will skyrocket again." "That's right."

Gu Chensha looked at his new world. It was huge and glorious, endlessly expanding, giving birth to countless universes. Many worlds were being born at every moment, while the old world was pitch-black. The crystal wall outside turned into many vortexes, constantly absorbing many universes. The new world was created, and the old world was devoured. The structure of the multiverse was formed.

"Not good …"

In the old world, Zhou Yang and Li Fusheng were discussing how to fight outside and subjugate some of the surrounding sects and continents in preparation for conquering the old world.

"Teacher Zhou Yang, we've conquered hundreds of millions of dimensions, so I think we should stop and digest the power and resources there to increase fate." Li Fusheng said, "Hm? Why did I feel so relaxed just now? What happened? " "Gu Chensha scattered the River of Fate," Zhou Yang said.

"We can't wait any longer. Now that the River of Fate has scattered, the secrets of heaven are in chaos. Karma, fate, and other things are no longer bound, and they're running around everywhere. Perhaps in an instant, many powerful existences will be born, and some ordinary people who didn't have fate before might become main characters." "Really?"

Li Fusheng was shocked at first, but then a strange smile appeared on his face. "In that case, it's my chance."

"It's your chance, but you have to be careful. Others might devour you. You're one of the main characters of the old world." Zhou Yang was not optimistic. At that moment, in the central universe, Wei Jia was discussing with the Fourth, Gu Huasha. Both of them felt that something was wrong.

"The River of Fate has collapsed. This is our chance. Let's fuse the central universe with the old world. The moment it fuses, Wei Jia, you'll reach the Undying Realm." Gu Huasha was right.

"In that case, let's begin. Fortune comes from danger." Wei Jia suddenly activated the source power of the entire central universe. At that moment, the central universe started to move, approaching the old world. A huge vortex suddenly appeared in the old world, enveloping the central universe. Crack! The central universe's crystal wall shattered, and the source started to fuse with the old world.

And at this moment, all the power within Wei Jia's body underwent a transformation. He directly entered the Undying Realm. Originally, he had relied on the Central Plains Cosmos to reach the Undying Realm. But now, he had truly transformed into the Undying Realm.

"Now's the time."

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, suddenly fused a part of his power into Wei Jia's body when Wei Jia reached the Undying Realm. Wei Jia's Undying Realm power was now a part of the Fourth's.

"Gu Huasha, you …" Wei Jia was shocked. He realized that even if he reached the Undying Realm, he couldn't escape Gu Huasha's control.

"I created you. If it wasn't for me, you wouldn't have reached the Undying Realm. I'm just controlling you now, afraid that you'll attack me in the end. This is called guarding against others. "

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, said coldly, "Don't worry, I won't. What about you? I need an Undying Realm subordinate like you right now." "That's all I can do. I have to lower my head when I'm under someone else's roof."

Wei Jia was also a ruthless character. He immediately understood the situation he was in. He knew that if he continued fighting with Guhuasha, it was very likely that this person would be completely killed and refined into a transcendent artifact.

"Don't worry, I won't mistreat you after I kill Gu Chensha."

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, said, "And with me protecting you, you won't die. You're not Zhou Yang's match yet, and I can feel that even stronger existences have appeared. What we need to do now is very important. You can't be disloyal to me. "

"Mister Nihility Ancestor, what do you want?" Wei Jia said, "I'll cooperate, even if I have to die ten thousand times."

"That's right. This is very dangerous, but we must do it. Once it's done, my strength will sweep away all Undying Realm experts."

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, had a vicious glint in his eyes that made Wei Jia's hair stand on end, "I've decided to find a chance to refine Mister Wu Wu, Mister Wu Xin, Mister Wu Wei, and Mister Wu Xiang. I'll refine these four Undying Realm experts into a treasure. With this treasure, I'll be able to suppress Zhou Yang and many more Undying Realm experts. Hmph!

The River of Fate is about to explode. There will be more and more Undying Realm experts in the future. As long as one appears, I'll refine him into a treasure. I'm the true Lord. I've been silent for a long time, and now I've returned. " The Fourth, Gu Huasha, wasn't willing. He wasn't willing to let Gu Chensha rule the world forever.

Originally, he wasn't strong enough. But after swallowing the Emperor Of Heaven's Pill to replenish his strength, and subjugating a Undying Realm expert like Wei Jia, he was confident.