Chapter 478
===========

All the Dharma Realms were in chaos. Shattered space-time turbulence was everywhere, turning anything it touched into powder. However, Gu Chensha was very happy. At this moment, his opportunity had arrived.

His body turned into magic power. In a flash, he avoided many of the cracks in the turbulent flow of space-time. He found that many of the treasures stored in the Dharma Realms were now floating in the turbulent flow. Some were torn to shreds, and some were glowing to resist the turbulent flow of space-time.

The magic treasures that could resist the space-time turbulence were very powerful. They were all primordial treasures.

The thirteen God level experts were all in the sky. Trying to stabilize the situation was easier said than done.

Many Legalism experts also appeared. They were all at the level of Grand Elder. They helped the God level experts stabilize the situation.

"So many primordial treasures … The Legalism's seven or eight thousand years of accumulation is shocking."

Gu Chensha saw many magic treasures. There was a huge seal that released thousands of ripples. With a slight tremble, it suppressed the space-time turbulence.

This was clearly the Three Realms Seal in the records. It was created by many immortals gathered by the ancient Son of Heaven.

Then, there was a huge golden staff. It pierced through space-time and emitted a surging majesty. There were ancient patterns carved on it. With a sweep, the universe was cleared.

This was the Wanxiang Shattering Staff that was used by the ancient God according to the ancient records.

There was also a long banner that was also densely covered with scriptures. Countless bald monks were like ants, releasing Buddhist chants on it, suppressing all directions. This was the long-lost treasure of the ancient Buddha, the 'Amitabha Sutra Banner'.

Another pagoda appeared. It had thirteen floors. Each floor was suppressed by a magic treasure. There seemed to be a powerful puppet living in each floor, chanting mantras. This was another supreme Buddhist treasure, the Little Moni Buddhist Pagoda.

Then, a palace flew up as well. This palace was built in a strange way and had a solemn atmosphere. There were also countless sesame-sized divine generals and divine beasts surrounding the palace. In the depths of the palace, there seemed to be a golden giant presiding. It was an ancient Buddhist treasure, the Little Thunderclap Ancient Temple.

"Did the school of Legalism rob an ancient Buddhist sect or something? Why do they have so many powerful magic treasures? "Gu Chensha was shocked.

"What's that?"

Gu Chensha then saw a tree appear from a space in the All Dharma Realm. The tree covered a radius of hundreds of miles, and its roots reached deep into the void. "Heavenly Demon Tree?

No, this is essentially a Heavenly Demon Tree, but it has been modified by the Dharma Saint into a different form. The Legalists must have obtained the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree and then stimulated the vitality within it. This is the same as how we refined the Heavenly Demon Tree into a Tree of Wishes. If I obtain this tree, I can bring it back and fuse it into the Tree of Wishes, saving hundreds of years of accumulation. "

Gu Chensha looked at the primordial treasures that had appeared in the school of Legalism. Every single one of them had world-shaking might, and he wanted to obtain them all. However, he could not act blindly without thinking.

The space-time turbulence here was very strong. If he didn't have the talismans made by Tai Xuan Du, Wen Hong, and Chang Weiyang, three great experts, refined by him with the Heavenly Law Method to silently protect himself, he might have been injured.

After all, his current strength was not enough to resist the power that could ignore the tearing of space. He was still waiting for an opportunity, waiting for a more chaotic moment.

The Great Spirit God and the Voodoo Ancestor had joined forces to kill the Dharma Saint and obtain his dharma body. This might be the moment when the Dharma Saint was at his weakest. If he could capture him, he could probably be refined into a supreme treasure. Rumble!

The invading black-and-white hand unleashed its might once again, unleashing its strongest attack. At this moment, almost all the Dharma Realms were destroyed once again. Even the light of the primordial treasures that had appeared rapidly dimmed. At this instant, he felt the power of the Life's Wish sphere.

"All the Dharma Realms have holes in them. The Great Spirit God and the Voodoo Ancestor have come prepared. They are truly amazing. "

This time, Gu Chensha had truly witnessed the power of the Great Spirit God. He was both worried and delighted.

"What is that?"

Amidst the chaos, all the god-rank experts and supreme elders of the school of Legalism could not even take care of themselves. Suddenly, Gu Chensha saw what seemed to be an elixir amidst the turbulence.

This elixir was completely transparent, and there seemed to be an illusory image of a tree within it. The aura of that tree was far beyond that of the Heavenly Demon Tree and the Tree of Wishes. This was the Hong Meng Tree.

"Hong Meng Holy Elixir!

The ancient human Seven Great Sages joined forces and were seriously injured. They plucked a Hong Meng Fruit from the Hong Meng Tree and refined it into some elixirs. This is the Hong Meng Holy Elixir! "Gu Chensha immediately recalled this story. It seemed like there was a Hong Meng Fruit in the palace's treasury.

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor had easily plucked it from the Hong Meng Tree. However, as the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had gone into seclusion, the palace's treasury had been closed, and no one had been able to open it.

"This elixir is actually in all the Dharma Realms. Although it is not as good as the real Hong Meng Fruit, it still contains a portion of the elixir's power. It will be very beneficial to me!"

Gu Chensha activated his transformation, and in a flash, he had already entered the Hong Meng Holy Elixir amidst the violent turbulence.

The Hong Meng Holy Elixir was extremely difficult to digest. However, when Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Art entered it, the elixir immediately disintegrated and melted without a sound.

On the other hand, Gu Chensha felt that his magic power had doubled, especially his spirit and willpower, which had reached the stage of multitasking.

He was even more confident in controlling the Heavenly Dao Art and resisting the Heavenly Dao's summons.

In the midst of the chaos, he silently absorbed the Hong Meng Holy Elixir. No one noticed that the Dharma Realm was already in chaos.

"After coming to the School of Legalism and obtaining the Hong Meng Holy Elixir, I've benefited quite a bit from swallowing it. However, I'm still a long way off from overthrowing the School of Legalism and the Demon Race.

I have to obtain the Dharma Saint's secret. If I can find the core of the Dharma Realm while it's in chaos, I can steal the secret. "

Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Art transformed into Vital Qi that had the same nature as the Dharma Realm. It floated everywhere. After secretly swallowing the Hong Meng Holy Elixir, he circulated it more exquisitely. As he floated, he could better observe the nature of the Dharma Realm.

Originally, his Dharmic powers were insufficient to observe all the Dharma Realms. However, after swallowing the Hong Meng Holy Elixir, his spirit and willpower had improved once again, and his Dharmic powers had become more vigorous. He could circulate them as he wished, and it was a feeling that he might not be able to achieve even if he cultivated for a hundred years.

"This Hong Meng Holy Elixir is indeed very powerful. If I had given it to Fa Wuxian earlier, his cultivation would probably not be lower than Abandoned Dwarf's. It would have been a little troublesome for me to kill Abandoned Dwarf's, but now that I've consumed this elixir, I'm more confident of killing him. However, I need to find a weapon. The All-encompassing Destruction Rod is not a bad choice. It can destroy everything with one strike. It's rumored that it was the weapon of an ancient Herculean God. It's purely destructive power and nothing fancy. However, I should first obtain that tree. "

Gu Chensha's Dharmic powers floated towards the huge tree that covered a radius of a few hundred miles. Then, he seeped into it and began to refine the tree.

He was very familiar with the process. He had the experience of condensing the Heavenly Demon Tree, so he wasn't someone who didn't know anything about it. Even the Dharma Saint didn't know how to condense the Heavenly Demon Tree.

Gu Chensha used his Heavenly Dao Art cultivation to stimulate the tree's vitality. As he wandered around the interior of the tree, he discovered layers of restrictive spells that had been left behind by a god-grade expert. However, he could already communicate with the Life's Wish sphere. With a slight movement, he borrowed the sphere's power and used the Heavenly Dao Art as a cover to destroy the restrictive spells one by one. Crackle! A lot of information from the tree was transmitted into his mind.

It turned out that the Great Sages of the ancient humans had joined forces to wage war against the demons. The Dharma Saint had joined forces with other Sages to defeat the Sages of the demon race. They had broken some of the refined Heavenly Demon Trees and seized the remains. The Dharma Saint had used his own method to refine a Dharma Tree. However, before he could complete it, the Dharma Saint had been summoned by the Dao Integration Realm and disappeared. This meant that the Dharma Tree before him was actually a semi-finished product.

For a semi-finished product, Gu Chensha was very easy to deal with. If it wasn't a finished product, the restrictive spells within it would be very thin and easy to break. He broke the tree silently. Then, he suddenly activated his own Dharmic Art and began to transform.

The huge tree began to shrink at an unbelievable speed. In the blink of an eye, it had shrunk to the size of a palm. Then, space collapsed slightly and the sprout was teleported away.

This could be said to be a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. There wouldn't be another opportunity like this if he missed it.

In the sphere of Common People's Wish, space opened up. The palm-sized sprout emitted a strong vitality and appeared inside the sphere. Zhuge Ya's expression was shocked. "I didn't expect Prince to be so lucky. You actually encountered the Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor when you infiltrated the School of Legalism, attempting to obtain the Dharma Saint when he was at his weakest. Could this be the luck of our Celestial Tranquility Department? Shouldn't our Celestial Tranquility Department be wiped out? " With a tap of his finger, the little sprout disintegrated and fused with the Tree of Wishes.

The Tree of Wishes immediately began to expand, once again becoming as tall as a few people. Its branches and leaves spread out like an old banyan tree spreading out, emitting an extremely gentle aura.

"After obtaining this School of Legalism's great tree, the Tree of Wishes has once again saved several hundred years of evolution. This way, I'll be much more relaxed."

After the Tree of Wishes grew into a great tree, countless rays of light spread out, causing the Vital Qi in the sphere to become even more compact. The sphere's squirming became even more vigorous.

At this moment, if one were to look at it from the void, the sphere of Common People's Wish had already completely fused with the void, concealing its form and making it invisible.

"Next target, that All-encompassing Obliteration Cudgel!

This cudgel's destructive power is extremely great. It's a naked Dao of Great Destruction left behind by the ancient God of Great Strength. It just so happens that I don't have a suitable weapon after cultivating it. "

Gu Chensha sent away the Dharma Tree and felt the tremendous power surging toward him. He swept out once again, wrapping around the All-encompassing Obliteration Cudgel. Borrowing the power of the sphere of Common People's Wish, he charged directly into the cudgel.

After that, he absorbed all the accumulated power in the Dharma Realm without holding back and injected it into the sphere of Common People's Wish. This was tantamount to stealing.

All the Dharma Realms were currently in a state of turmoil. The power in the entire world was in a frenzy, clashing against each other and not stabilizing. Gu Chensha just happened to steal this power, injecting it into his own sphere of Common People's Wish. This was equivalent to Gu Chensha stealing the School of Legalism's seven or eight thousand years of savings year after year.