Chapter 282
===========

The baby's cry came. Gu Chensha saw a conjoined baby lying on the bed in the inner room of the clinic. The baby had two heads, four hands, and four feet. Their heads were connected, and their whole body was wrapped in a towel. Obviously, they had just been born and looked like a monster. At this time, the couple, Wang Zhi and Lan Qi, were in a dilemma.

Obviously, someone sent the baby to separate Wang Zhi and Lan Qi so that the baby could become a normal person.

"Your Highness." Seeing Gu Chensha appear here, the two hurriedly knelt down on one knee.

"What? You want to separate the baby? "

Gu Chensha had also read a lot of medical books. In history, many conjoined babies were born, and some even had two heads sharing a body. But most of them did not live long.

"This pair of babies was sent by a big family in Sin Province. They are the direct descendants of the family. They asked for help everywhere, but no one could do anything. So they were sent to us. If we don't separate them, I'm afraid they won't live long.

But the two babies' heads are connected, and many parts of their brains are connected. With our cultivation, we can't separate them. "Wang Zhi sighed.

"Sin Province?"

Gu Chensha frowned. "Sin Province is the bottomless Sea of Sin. Father cut thousands of mountains to fill it and seal many cracks.

But ever since the last great earthquake, many places have begun to stir. Is this child born from the aura of sin? "

Sin Province was the center of Yongchō. There was a bottomless Sea of Sin in it. Since ancient times, demons and ghosts had been born. People living around it would sometimes be infected with the Qi of Sin and give birth to strange freaks. Some people would even be pregnant with Devil Fetus.

"Your Highness, please take a look at this baby."

Wang Zhi said, "Recently, there have been many patients in Sin Province. It seems that the Devil Qi has leaked. Some patients have an attack. Hair grows all over their bodies and fangs grow out. They go everywhere and eat people's blood and flesh.

They have become evildoers. Marquis Calming Sea is organizing people in Sin Province to move. It seems that some Devil Qi has leaked out of the Bottomless Sea of Sin. It is possible that this baby is infected with Devil Qi. " "That's fine as well. Although your cultivations are not bad, you still can't use God Power."

Gu Chensha's cultivation was at the peak of Dao Realm Transformation 12, Soul Snatching. At any moment, he could step into Demon Swallowing and Ghost Eating Realm. His mental power could search many things.

Originally, the medical center's matter was a small matter to him. However, since he had encountered it and the conjoined twins were indeed pitiful, he decided to take action and solve the problem.

His psychic power turned into tentacles and enveloped the bodies of the two babies. In an instant, he knew the situation of the babies like the back of his hand.

The baby's head was connected, and even parts of the brain were connected. If he wanted to separate them, he would have to separate his head. But after their brains were separated, neither of the babies would survive.

However, Gu Chensha could make up for this problem. His Heaven Mending Astral Energy was a mystical energy built on top of the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy. It was also a combination of the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy and the Great Slaughterer Astral Energy. It was a martial art that had never been seen before.

As the name suggested, the mysteries of Heaven Mending could even mend the deficiencies of the Heavenly Dao, let alone the brain of an infant.

He pinched a seal, and a gust of Heaven Mending Astral Energy immediately enveloped the baby. Then, it began to seep into the baby's skin and slowly split it apart.

His psychic power was very multitasking. He could clearly see the parts of the baby's brain that were connected to each other. He immediately used Heaven Mending Astral Energy to protect and repair every part of the baby's brain to prevent the baby from dying.

However, babies were very fragile. Gu Chensha felt that if it weren't for the mystical Heaven Mending Astral Energy that could mend the life and death of the baby, even an expert at the level of Golden Dan Great Dao or above would be powerless to do anything.

"Open for me."

He struck out the Life Talisman of the Sun and Moon Talismans. With a violent shake, he was about to separate the two babies and turn them into two normal people.

However, the moment he activated the talisman, an enormous starlight suddenly gushed out from an unknown part of the baby's body, directly shattering Gu Chensha's Astral Energy.

"What?" Gu Chensha's shock was no small matter.

"Profound meaning of the stars? These conjoined twins are actually the reincarnation of someone from the stars? The power of the stars contains both yin and yang. They are actually two stars in the same body. These two stars are attracted to each other, and they are a pair. "

Just as the starlight exploded and shattered Gu Chensha's Astral Energy, two beams of starlight carried an extremely evil aura. They wrapped around Gu Chensha, as if to absorb his soul and blood essence.

"What a powerful profound meaning of the stars." Without even thinking, Gu Chensha activated all the Astral Energy in his body, wanting to seal the evil stars.

Some stars were born with evil and demonic qi. Those who were reincarnated with such profound meanings were destined to become evil demons, bringing endless calamities to all living beings.

Gu Chensha could tell that these two stars were the Heavenly Sin Star and the Earthly Evil Star from the records. These two stars were a bunch, one heaven and one earth, one sin and one evil. One belonged to the 36 Heavenly Stars, and the other to the 72 Earthly Fiends. The two stars accompanied each other, and their sins were monstrous. Why would they appear here?

And they were hidden very deeply. If it weren't for Gu Chensha forcibly separating them, they probably wouldn't have appeared at all.

The reason why this two-star profound meaning was so powerful was probably because it had absorbed a lot of demonic qi to strengthen itself. However, it hadn't fused with the infants' souls yet.

"These two stars have absorbed the demonic qi of the Sin Province, so they carry the profound meaning of evil. If they fuse with these two infants, they'll probably become demons in the future."

Gu Chensha's mind spun. "But is Zhuge Ya the reason why this profound meaning of the stars appeared here?

Zhuge Ya is the Lord of Seven Stars, the king of the reincarnated stars. He has the ability to attract the reincarnated stars to join him. "

As he pondered this, his hands didn't slow down. With a wave of his hand, he used the Life Heaven Mending Art. Instantly, starlight filled the small room.

Then, all sorts of runes appeared, firmly locking down the two profound meanings of the Heavenly Sin Star and the Earthly Evil Star. Star power and star profound meaning were different.

To put it simply, star power was a kind of energy, equivalent to a cultivator's Connate Astral Energy. Star profound meaning was a cultivator's Nascent Spirit.

Cultivators could use all sorts of methods to attract star power to descend and use it for themselves, but they couldn't absorb the profound meaning of stars.

The profound meaning of stars had to be sensed by the Heavenly Dao. The consciousness of the stars was activated by the Heavenly Will and thus descended to be reincarnated in someone's body. After that person died, the profound meaning of stars would automatically return to the star itself. This was the reason for the reincarnation of Star Lords.

There were all sorts of stars. Some were good and some were evil. Some were wooden, some were violent, and some were destructive.

If the world was chaotic, there would be stars of the righteous path descending on people to save the world. If the world was prosperous, there would be stars of misfortune descending to wreak havoc in the world.

Now that the Heavenly Sin Star and the Earthly Evil Star had descended, they were probably here to wreak havoc in the world. Since he found out, Gu Chensha wouldn't let these two infants become reincarnated stars.

He wanted to collect these two profound meanings and merge them into the Dragon Gate. He naturally had a way to refine the profound meaning of stars and obtain a supreme Nascent Spirit.

This was the ability from the Son of Heaven Sealing God Technique. Along with the strength of the Great Massacre God Technique, it could shatter the profound meaning of stars and turn it into nourishment for the body.

Actually, every time a reincarnated star appeared, many strong people would try to snatch the profound meaning of stars. In history, there were some who succeeded. After refining it, their cultivation increased greatly. However, more often than not, the reincarnated star would escape. In the future, when they came back to take revenge, they would be killed by the person who tried to snatch it. Under fate and karma, no one would be able to escape. Whoosh! At this moment, Lou Baiyue appeared.

She and Gu Chensha had a telepathic connection. With just a slight movement, she knew that something was wrong and immediately rushed over.

"Heavenly Sin Star and Earthly Evil Star?

Two stars of misfortune appeared on these conjoined twins? "Lou Baiyue knew what was going on right away.

"Quick, help me."

Gu Chensha didn't need to say much. With just a thought, Lou Baiyue used the Great Massacre God Technique and his Common People Heaven Mending Technique. When the two of them worked together, their strength increased by ten times. Weng … The profound meaning of stars was gradually suppressed.

"Spirit Searching!"

Lou Baiyue's cultivation was already extraordinary. Along with Gu Chensha's help, she was able to unleash her full strength.

Both of their wills were refined into one, forming a whirlpool that seeped into the souls of the two babies. They wanted to draw out the profound meaning of stars.

If they met someone from the demonic path, it would be easy. They just had to burn the two babies to ashes and devour their souls. Then, the profound meaning of stars would naturally appear.

However, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue wanted to protect the lives and souls of the two babies to force out the profound meaning of stars. This was extremely difficult.

However, both of them knew that if they didn't force it out, these two babies would become demons and they wouldn't be able to escape death.

"Common People Heaven Mending Technique, return to the righteous path."

Gu Chensha used the Life Mending Heaven Technique again and again, pushing his mental energy to the limit, trying his best to protect the two babies' fragile souls. Meanwhile, Lou Baiyue used all three of his primordial spirits to form a formation. A powerful soul vortex spread out from it. Weng … A huge suction force started to pull. This was purely the pulling of souls.

If it wasn't for Gu Chensha protecting the two babies' souls, their souls would have been destroyed long ago.

Finally, two stars with a sinful aura floated out from the two babies' bodies. They gave off a strong demonic power that made one's heart tremble.

"As expected, there are two demonic stars." Gu Chensha frowned.

"Suppress!"

Without thinking, Lou Baiyue used the Endless World. Instantly, her Xiantian energy and her soul sealed the profound meaning of the reincarnation of the Heaven's Sin Star and the Earth's Evil Star. The two babies actually separated and breathed steadily. There wasn't even a scar on their bodies.

Gu Chensha checked and felt relieved. "These two babies are actually geniuses. If they fuse with the Star Ultimacy, they will immediately become peerless geniuses. Moreover, with our cultivation base, they will be reborn. In the future, when they cultivate, it will be like reaching the heavens in one step.

"Tell their parents to let them be trained by the Calming Deity Department." Lou Baiyue ordered Wang Zhi. "However, if they don't agree, then forget it." "Yes." Wang Zhi carried the babies and immediately left.

"We should be able to refine the profound meaning of these two stars, right?" Gu Chensha said.