Chapter 308
===========

"Is there something wrong with the Bottomless Sea of Sin?"

Zhuge Ya held the feather fan in his hand and said, "The Bottomless Sea of Sin is actually the place where the most ferocious man in the Divine Land fought against Gu Tianzi. He used his supreme skill to break through the endless void and summon the demons from the Alien Land. Logically speaking, I should go to the gap.

But now we have just refined the magic weapon and lack manpower to suppress it. If we leave and the magic weapon is taken away, I'm afraid our foundation will be greatly damaged. "

Marquis Zhenhai cupped his hands and said, "Master, you really have a good plan. I know why I came here. There is a big problem in the Bottomless Sea of Sin. Because I have to guard the sea, it is difficult for me to take care of both sides, so I came to ask for your help.

The current situation is very dangerous. Some of the gaps in the Bottomless Sea of Sin have been filled with demons. If they rush out of the seal, the center will explode, and the whole Divine Land will be shaken. In addition, the Emperor is still in closed-door training and people's hearts are uncertain, so I have to ask for your help. " "The current situation is that the Barbarian Tribe and the Demon Tribe are gathering near the fief."

Lou Baiyue analyzed, "They will attack at any time, so we can't leave easily. But we can also divide our strength. Why don't I go there?" "No!"

Gu Chensha waved his hand and said, "I'll go there. Our strength should not be too scattered now. The most important thing is that the Common People's Wish Sphere must be guarded. Mr. Zhuge, Baiyue, Suibo, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise, don't move for the time being. Refining the sphere is the foundation and can't be shaken.

My cultivation can also be tempered. Besides, when the demons appear, I can collect their souls and condense various magic weapons. "

"This time I came here mainly to cooperate with you. I hope you can make a batch of weapons that can destroy evil. The power of stars is the best to destroy evil. If the soldiers can have an evil-destroying sword, it will be much easier to deal with the demons," Marquis Zhenhai said.

"That's easy."

Zhuge Ya suddenly made a grabbing motion, and an ordinary darksteel saber flew over from a warehouse in the distance. Then, with a spell, the power of the stars descended from the sky and gathered on the saber. The saber instantly became agile, and a vast starry sky seemed to be brewing within the saber. It was extremely beautiful and deep, and a tranquil and distant aura was emitted from the saber.

"The most annoying thing in the Bottomless Sea of Sin is the Devil Qi. As long as the Devil Qi is inhaled into the human body, people will completely lose their minds. They will go crazy and attack the living. They will become the walking dead and demonized puppets. However, I will use the power of the stars to refine weapons and set up the Evil and God-suppressing Town on them. As long as they carry weapons, they can protect themselves from being eroded by the Devil Qi."

He displayed a world-shaking divine ability. "Don't worry, Marquis. My Calming Immortal Department has taken control of Buzhou Palace and can already unleash all of its power. Creating weapons is nothing difficult."

"If that's the case, then I'm at ease. With the Lord of Seven Stars and such a treasure, they really can turn something rotten into something magical." Marquis Calming Sea was secretly shocked.

Although his realm was higher than Zhuge Ya's, if they really fought, he was no match for this person.

"There's no time to lose. Marquis, I'll go with you to the Bottomless Sea of Sin."

Gu Chensha stood up. Although he had helped Zhuge Ya get through the tribulation, in reality, he had also comprehended many things. After all, the Divine Demon Book, Dragon Gate, and Buzhou Palace were all his treasures. The Common People's Wish Sphere was also based on his Dao Core.

Ever since he had refined the profound meaning of the stars, his talent had increased again. His primordial spirit was full, and after several months of hard work, his treasures had transformed. He had almost comprehended more things from the Common People Heaven Mending Technique. His cultivation was already ready to move. Soon, he would step into the 15th transformation of the Dao Realm, the Heavenly Eye Suspending Realm. Right now, he needed to temper himself.

"That's good. Be careful. If there are any problems, contact us immediately.

With our speed, we can head to Sin Province quickly and provide support. "Lou Baiyue thought about it and could only agree.

She also understood that the foundation of the entire Calming Celestial Department was the Common People's Wish Sphere. This treasure had to be protected at all times.

Her cultivation was at the 18th transformation of the Dao Realm, so was Zhuge Ya. Jin Suibo was at the 20th transformation. The Black Tortoise Baby was also at the 20th transformation. The Vermillion Bird had just hatched and wasn't strong, but it was at the 14th or 15th transformation.

All of them combined their strength, along with the 360 Common People's God Generals, were barely able to activate the Common People's Wish Sphere.

If a few of them were missing, the treasure wouldn't be able to be activated at all. If it was taken away, all of the Calming Celestial Department's savings would be gone, and they would lose 99% of their foundation. What the Calming Celestial Department lacked the most was time.

In another eight to ten years, Zhuge Ya would definitely be able to cultivate to the 30th transformation of the Dao Realm. He would be close to a god, and his combat strength would increase by more than 100 times. He wouldn't need to fear anyone anymore. The Lord of Seven Star's cultivation speed was just that fast.

"In a bit, I'll send someone over to discuss the creation of weapons and armor with you." Marquis Calming Sea flew up. Gu Chensha flew up as well.

The two of them were as fast as lightning, and in just a few dozen breaths, they were thousands of miles away.

"Marquis Calming Sea's cultivation is so strong. He's actually reached the 21st transformation of the Dao Realm, transforming into the Five Elements."

As Gu Chensha flew, he saw Marquis Calming Sea casually flash about. His body seemed to have the Five Elements circulating endlessly. From this, he knew that this person's cultivation was really high.

The 21st transformation into the Five Elements, in essence, didn't belong to a human. It wasn't flesh and blood at all, but a strange kind of energy.

Marquis Calming Sea clicked his tongue in wonder. Gu Chensha's cultivation was only at the 14th transformation, but he was actually able to keep up with his speed.

It wouldn't be strange if he used a Dharma treasure, but right now, Gu Chensha was using his own strength. He didn't have any Dharma treasures at all.

In truth, Gu Chensha had already refined all of his Dharma treasures into the Dragon's Gate. Now, the Dragon's Gate, Buzhou Palace, and the Skydemon Tome had transformed into the Common People's Wish sphere. He was completely clean, without a single Dharma treasure.

In the past, when he used the Dragon's Gate, he could come and go without a trace. His speed was fleeting, and he could travel thousands of miles in an instant. Now that he'd lost the support of the Dragon's Gate's massive Stellar Energy, he could only use his own strength. Naturally, he was much slower.

But this way, he could sense the profundities of some small tricks, such as how to conserve Stellar Energy while flying, how to adjust his Primordial Spirit, how to calculate the circulation of Stellar Energy, how to resonate with the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, and how to accumulate and transform power in the depths of his dantian.

"The Nineteenth Prince's Gang Qi is really vigorous. I don't think the Gang Qi stored in other people's dantian's Sea of Qi and acupoints is even a tenth of his." Marquis Calming Sea secretly observed and came to a conclusion.

Cultivators of the same realm, be it Primordial Spirit or Stellar Energy, were definitely far from Gu Chensha's.

His physical body was the Sun-Moon Dragon Body, comparable to a Saint Beast. Apart from that, he had undergone many baptisms and refinements. Although he wasn't as strong as Zhuge Ya and Fa Wuxian, he was still a top-notch existence among the younger generation of Xuan Dao Sect.

However, he wasn't satisfied with such a situation. He wanted to go one step further and expand his sea of consciousness and energy, as well as all the acupoints in his body. Right now, the Primordial Spirit in his sea of consciousness was multitasking.

After Zhuge Ya became the Lord of Seven Stars, he would probably be able to multitask a million times, or even millions of times. People of the same realm wouldn't be able to compare at all.

The stronger the Primordial Spirit, the faster it could absorb spiritual energy, and the faster it could recover Stellar Energy. Primordial Spirit was the foundation of everything.

With Gu Chensha's current strength, he didn't need to rely on any Dharma treasures to kill Dao Realm 18 Transformations Golden Core experts. In terms of Primordial Spirit, Marquis Calming Sea probably couldn't multitask a hundred times.

After flying for half a day, Marquis Calming Sea pointed at the mountains and rivers below. "Your Highness, we've arrived at Sin Province." Gu Chensha's eyes had long since looked down.

The entire Sin Province was faintly covered in a layer of gray. Even the sunlight was dim, and a heavy aura weighed down on everyone's hearts. In the center of Sin Province was a basin with a circumference of three thousand miles.

This basin had originally been an ocean, the bottomless Sea of Sin. However, Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had shaved off a thousand mountains around it and stuffed them into the Sea of Sin to fill in the gap. This was the story of "shaving off a thousand mountains to fill in the Sea of Sin."

But now, the three thousand mile basin was filled with black gas. Demonic Qi constantly emerged, and it seemed that many holes had appeared.

Gu Chensha looked over and found that in the crevices in the depths of the basin, there were some strange demons flickering.

For example, there were demons with goat heads and scales all over their bodies. There were also blood-sucking demons that looked like giant bats. There were also ox demons that had the body of an ox but walked upright.

These were all bloodthirsty monsters that lived in some alternate dimension. They had crawled out of the cracks.

After Gu Chensha learned the Great Massacre God Technique, he knew that the whole world had endless dimensions and different levels.

Many dimensions had different attributes. For example, the Spiritual Energy Realm was a flat world filled with pure Spiritual Qi. People couldn't enter it.

In addition, there were some dimensions that gathered countless negative auras, which were demonic Qi. They bred bloodthirsty, crazy, and chaotic creatures, which were demons.

In history, there were even cases where demonic Qi from some dimensions seeped into the Spiritual Energy Realm. Then, when cultivators absorbed the Spiritual Qi and were contaminated by the demonic Qi, they all became demons. This was a real catastrophe.

"Demons have indeed appeared."

Gu Chensha wasn't worried. Instead, he was happy. "Your Highness, don't worry. These demons are just here to deliver food. I cultivate puppets and happen to need souls. These demons are exactly what I need."

"I know that Your Highness has mastered all kinds of secret techniques in the Book of Heavenly Demons. This book has magical effects on dealing with demons."

Marquis Calming Sea descended. "There must be a master here. Recently, the masters of the Great Wei Dynasty have been active on the sea. I'm afraid they will attack the overseas countries, especially the Baoyu Nation. I must personally stay on the sea. I hope Your Highness can control the situation in the Sea of Sin." "The Great Wei Dynasty really won't let go of the Baoyu Nation."

Gu Chensha was shocked. The Baoyu Nation had a deep relationship with him. He couldn't let the Great Wei Dynasty have their way.

Years ago, he captured Gu Huo and took his Jindan and magic weapon. It had been a long time, and this Gu Huo would definitely make a comeback.