Chapter 401
===========

The Golden Core was digested and transformed into nutrients for his fleshly body.

Because of this, Xing Qiongshi's secret technique to control Wu Dangkong was useless. Without a Golden Core, only a fleshly body was left. Naturally, it wouldn't explode.

But now, Gu Chensha's fleshly body had many more profound mysteries, and his battle prowess had changed.

"Banishing Immortal Palm!"

He pounced forward again. There was no flashy light or thunder. His fleshly body twisted and he lunged forward, parting the seawater as he unleashed another palm strike at Wu Dangkong. Bang!

Wu Dangkong's palm shot out in an attempt to repel Gu Chensha, but he was caught off guard by the primeval heaven-demon's naked power of plunder. In the blink of an eye, Wu Dangkong's magic power was plundered.

Gu Chensha's Banishing Immortal Palm was infused with the primeval heaven-demon's dao of plunder, as well as its supreme devouring and digesting abilities. It was nothing short of a miracle.

Layers upon layers of palm images bore down on Nie Yan, all of which contained the primeval heaven-demon dao of the strong preying on the weak. As soon as Nie Yan's palm came into contact with it, it was as if a primeval beast had bitten into his flesh and blood. Caught off guard by Gu Chensha's sudden attack, Wu Dangkong was immediately at a disadvantage.

Xing Qiongshi sent another stream of psychic fluctuations over. "This kid is interesting. I can't believe he gained enlightenment of some of the transformations of the Primordial Tree. He's perfectly nullified the backlash of his Golden Core energy. The technique he used to disperse his Golden Core to nourish his fleshly body is quite unique. I've never seen anything like it before." "Of course you haven't."

Gu Chensha seemed to be able to grasp the psychic fluctuations. "This is a cultivation technique that Lord of Seven Stars Jiang Gongwang developed after you were sealed. Actually, Jiang Gongwang knows some of your secrets. Xing Qiongshi, even if you can come out of hiding, this is no longer the age you once were. I don't care what secret you teach this woman. Let's see if she can defeat me." "Not bad, kid."

Xing Qiongshi didn't seem the least bit angry. "I was sealed for so many years that I couldn't even think. Now that I've come out, I'll have some fun with you. I guarantee that this woman will capture you. Don't regret it. "

"I'd like to see what kind of tricks you have to be called the fiercest person in the Divine Land." Gu Chensha did not let his guard down at this time.

Although Xingqiong Clan had been continuously passing down secret arts to Wu Dangkong, which allowed Wu Dangkong to obtain great benefits, Gu Chensha felt that he was the one who benefited the most. This was a battle of wits and courage against Xingqiong Clan. This was the best way to temper himself. Under the immense pressure, not only would he be able to peek into some of Xingqiong Clan's secret arts, he would also be able to understand his own shortcomings and perfect his cultivation base. This was an extremely rare opportunity.

One had to know that the Xing Qiong Clan was an existence even stronger than the three great Heavenly Venerables.

"Very good." Xing Qiongshi's playfulness was piqued, and he sent another secret will into Wu Dangkong's mind.

Wu Dangkong received the guidance and the powers in his body changed once more. They circulated in a mysterious manner, sometimes vast, sometimes obscure, sometimes like lightning, and sometimes like a spring breeze.

"Your cultivation is now at the Dao Realm 22 Transformation Heaven and Earth Realm. You can use your powers to form all things in the world. But at such a realm, you have to be familiar with the characteristics of all things in the world. Only then will you be able to form them one by one and resonate with them. This is the Ancient Nature Dao. If you aren't close to nature, how will you comprehend all things?

The Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth Realm is the foundation. If you use this well, its strength will definitely not be limited to this. "Xing Qiongshi passed some of his comprehensions to Wu Dangkong.

Wu Dangkong's understanding of the Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth Realm was really shallow. But after Xing Qiongshi's guidance, it was like he was reborn and stepped into a realm where everything could change according to his will.

"Desolate God Hand!"

First of all, Wu Dangkong's body turned into a giant hand that carried the aura of a primordial god. It suddenly slapped out and actually shook Gu Chensha away.

When Gu Chensha attacked once more, Wu Dangkong's body seemed to have turned into ocean water and merged with the ocean. It caused all of Gu Chensha's attacks to turn to nothing.

Shortly after, Wu Dangkong's transformation was endless. She would turn into lightning, wood, cloud energy, dragon, tiger, sand, rainbow, moon, star, and even something similar to the void. Everything in the world was changing and flashing so quickly that it exceeded Gu Chensha's understanding of the Dao Realm 22 Transformation Heaven and Earth Realm.

In the blink of an eye, Gu Chensha felt like he was being ostracized by everything in the world. Under Wu Dangkong's attacks, anyone would feel like they weren't accepted by heaven and earth, not accepted by ghosts and gods, and not accepted by all living beings.

When the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth reached such a level, even Fa Wuxian's transformations were far from this exquisite.

Not to mention Jing Fanxing's half-baked standard. Although he forcefully cultivated to Astronomical Phenomenon, he was like a kid playing in the mud.

"So, the 22 Transformation Heaven and Earth Realm can actually be used in such an exquisite manner."

Gu Chensha mobilized his physical body, and his fists and palms flew about. He used all his strength and all his techniques, but he was unable to absorb even the slightest bit of Wu Dangkong's magic power. Instead, every single attack was completely blocked by Wu Dangkong, and then his power was ceaselessly reflected back at him. His entire body was practically in a state of collapse.

"Gu Chensha, never would you have imagined that my cultivation would actually improve to such an extent. I have to thank you this time. If it wasn't for you, how could I have obtained the teachings of Senior Xing Qiong and comprehended the true profundities of the phenomena of the world?

Now that I'm at the Astronomical Phenomenon realm, all of my strength is connected to all things in the world. How can you shake me?

In order to thank you, I'll copy you and turn you into a normal person, just like how you extracted all of Jing Fanxing's strength. The Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art must be taken away as well. This technique can only be used by one person. "Wu Dangkong's will rippled and the channeling of her strength became more and more exquisite.

In the end, her mana seemed to have evolved into a long river that ran through the ages. In this long river, there were beautiful mountains and rivers, all kinds of prehistoric beasts, volcanoes, oceans, continents, vast starry skies, thunder clouds, dragons and tigers, heavenly winds and colorful clouds, and all kinds of emperors and generals, common folk and servants. Everything in the world was in the long river, flowing forward along the axis of time. There was no end and it would never stop.

"The River of All Things!

This is the highest realm of the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth divination. It is the limit of what can be done. Almost no cultivator can divine this step. "

Wu Dangkong's River of All Things wrapped up Gu Chensha. The huge power within crushed Gu Chensha and refined him.

When the Dao Realm 22 Transformation Astronomical Phenomenon reached its peak, it turned into the River of All Things. This was something that even a natural born Saint like Fa Wuxian couldn't do.

Only someone like Xing Qiongshi, who far exceeded Saints, could see through the mysteries of all things and obtain the secrets of heaven and earth.

Gu Chensha was wrapped up in the River of All Creations formed by Wu Dang Kong's magic power. He felt that he was completely restrained and it was difficult for him to struggle. His corporeal body was twisted like a fried dough twist. If it was any other expert, they would have exploded into dust. However, Gu Chensha's corporeal body was very strong. Even with Wu Dang Kong's realm, it was difficult for him to be injured. Honglong! Gu Chensha adjusted his strength once more.

"Wu Dangkong, this is merely a realm that you have cultivated with the guidance of others. It is far from something that you have comprehended yourself. It is basically impossible for you to trap and kill me. I shall see just how you are going to deal with me."

Gu Chensha's body shrunk and he gathered his strength. He didn't think about breaking free and he just wanted to compete with Wu Dangkong to see who could last longer.

Wu Dangkong transformed her own magic power into the Long River of Myriad Things, and it consumed a lot of energy. She couldn't hold on for long, and if she couldn't refine the Ancient Dust Sand for a long time, her magic power would definitely weaken, and the Ancient Dust Sand would find a chance to come out again.

Right now, Wu Dangkong's River of All Things was at its strongest. Even if Gu Chensha used some secret arts to force his way out, he would have to pay a huge price.

Actually, if it was just Wu Dangkong's strength, no matter how much it evolved, Gu Chensha wouldn't be afraid. What he was afraid of was that the decree was in Wu Dangkong's hands. If this woman went crazy and sacrificed her strength, she could even summon a power that could tear through space.

Although if Wu Dangkong sacrificed her strength, Gu Chensha would also obtain the same power, but this power wasn't under his control. What if Xing Qiongshi taught Wu Dangkong some new way to use it? He didn't want to gamble on something like this because it wasn't the worst time yet.

He was trapped by Wu Dangkong's River of All Things. Actually, he could use this to train his fleshly body. When Wu Dangkong used the River of All Things, he could also peek into some of the principles within.

His insight wasn't something ordinary cultivators could compare to. Being able to find an opponent like Wu Dangkong was a form of training for him.

Of course, this was the Wu Dangkong who had received pointers from Xing Qiongshi. If it had been the old Wu Dangkong, he would have been beaten half to death in a few punches and kicks.

Xing Qiongshi is indeed powerful. With just a few simple pointers, he was able to transform Wu Dangkong completely. This is far beyond the power of a Saint. Gu Chensha thought to himself. He wanted to peek into this fiend's true secrets.

"Very good. This brat has actually found the most appropriate way to deal with the encirclement of the River of Myriad Existences. The best way to deal with it is to remain unchanging. He shrunk his body and concentrated his energy, causing his entire body to be immersed within the River of Myriad Existences. That way, he would be able to hold on for a long time.

Xing Qiongshi was very impressed. "The juniors these days all have such talent. This junior's talent is actually only at the level of a peerless genius. He hasn't reached the level of an innate Saint, but the combat power he can unleash is already comparable to an innate Saint. In that case, let me see how far you can hold on. "