Chapter 965
===========

Chu Wusha, Nie Xunsha, Qu Hesha, Zhen Xin Sha, Luo Xin Sha, Jin Cangsha.

All six of them had obtained the Variant Origin, and their strength was more than ten times that of Long Xiang Tian. Although they couldn't compare to Gu Daoxian, their combined strength far surpassed Gu Daoxian's.

Now, all of these people had come to join the Grand Plume Sand. Even the Grand Plume Sand himself was confused, because if these people joined forces and formed an alliance with sincerity, they would be a powerful force. Even the celestial court could not do anything to them for now, because their combined power was several times that of the Ancient Dao Immortals. Of course, these people couldn't join forces with sincerity.

It was normal for Emperor Heaven to take them down one by one. Not only that, they would fight amongst themselves, wanting to devour each other to strengthen themselves. However, under the immense pressure, they were still able to work together.

For example, those people from Otherworld. Ji Ningsha, Yunnisha, Liu Chansha, and the others were managing Otherworld well. They worked closely together, helped each other, cultivated, and worshipped. Slowly, more and more undying matter appeared and became stronger. It could be seen that if people worked together, the power they could unleash was huge.

"These people coming to join me is like a piece of fat meat. It would be a waste not to eat it. But if these people work together and pretend to join me, but are plotting against me, it will be hard for me to suppress them."

Hongling Sha thought, "This isn't a good thing. But if I reject them now, I will have to find them one by one to subdue. This doesn't seem like a good thing either."

After thinking about it, the Hongling Sand reacted in an instant. "What I want to do is to unify the world and suppress Gu Chensha and even the Celestial Emperor. Do I have to be afraid of such a small thing? If I am afraid of such a small thing, then what is it?"

So, Hongling Sha said, "Everyone, since you have joined me, then worship and become one with me. Be my protectors." "Of course."

Jin Cangsha said, "We came to join you with no ulterior motives. We saw your potential, so we naturally have to offer our worship power to you. You have already cultivated the Dragonless Heart Technique, so we will give you our worship power.

The immortality you've refined will be able to resist the corrosion of the Emperor Of Heaven's red dust power. "

"So that's how it is. You're here to seek protection, but why don't you go and seek refuge with Gu Chensha?" Hong Ling Sha asked.

"If you rely on Gu Chensha, you won't be able to obtain the power of sacrifice. Moreover, Gu Chensha doesn't seem to need any subordinates anymore. There won't be any benefits in following him. Many experts from the Eternal World have also quietly come to the Human World in an attempt to obtain opportunities."

Jin Cangsha said, "As for the Emperor Of Heaven, he's even more ambitious. The others can stay, but the Emperor Of Heaven won't let us live.

So, for the time being, Gu Chensha and the Emperor Of Heaven can't rely on each other. But now, the one who can fight against the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha, isn't it you? " "Not bad, not bad. That makes sense."

Hong Ling Sha laughed. "Indeed, according to your logic, you can only rely on me. After all, in the world, there aren't many who can completely comprehend the essence of the Dragonless Heart Method. I'm the only one who doesn't have the same system as Gu Chensha. In that case, you can only rely on me. In that case, I have nothing more to say. In fact, even if you don't come to find me, I will find you." "Thank you for taking me in." Shua!

They all gathered together and turned into guardians. They went into the Freedom Flower on Hong Ling Sha's head and began to operate. Rumble!

Hong Ling Sha now had Xia Wansha, Yu Wang Sha, Chu Wusha, Nie Xunsha, Qu Hesha, Zhen Xin Sha, Luo Xin Sha, Jin Cangsha, Jin Cangsha. In total, there were two or three Ancient Dao Immortals and two hundred and three Dragon Flying Sky.

In an instant, the enormous sacrifice had inflated the Freedom Flower like a balloon. Vaguely, the Freedom Flower actually had some of the aura of the Eternal World and the Heavenly Court. Hong Ling Sha felt his cultivation skyrocket. One time, two times, three times …

'As expected, the Emperor Of Heaven wants to gather the experts of all worlds to sacrifice to him. With this kind of sacrifice, the speed at which the Ageless power increases is shocking.' Hong Ling Sha thought to himself. 'Looks like I can subdue that Ancient Dao Immortal.'

At that moment, Jin Cangsha said from within the flames, "Lord Hong Ling Sha, now that we're all united, we can immediately subdue Ancient Dao Immortal."

"It's better to let Ancient Dao Immortal and the Emperor Of Heaven fight to the death," Hong Ling Sha said.

"Now that I've comprehended the Dragonless Heart Method, I need to consolidate my cultivation before I do anything. Don't be in a hurry. Comprehend the Dragonless Heart Method and create Ageless. Come with me in the human world. " "Yes." This time, Jin Cangsha didn't object.

"This woman can really hold herself back."

Gu Chensha looked at Hong Ling Sha's transformation, and he also saw so many people who had been reincarnated with Variant Original Source submit to this woman. Normally, this woman should have subdued Ancient Dao Immortal in one go and immediately become equal to the Emperor Of Heaven. But now, she had settled down and was preparing to accumulate power to complete her transformation. This showed that this woman deeply understood the workings of the universe, the principles of creation, life and death, karma and fate. This woman's comprehension of the Dragonless Heart Method was becoming more and more profound.

"But Jin Cangsha and the others have submitted to me for no reason. I think there must be some deep influence behind it. These people are definitely not good people, and it won't be easy to subdue them. There must be some powerful existence behind them.

Could it be the Emperor Of Heaven? "Gu Chensha secretly observed. Nothing could escape his discerning eyes.

These people who had obtained Variant Original Source were all extremely powerful. How could they have submitted to Hong Ling Sha for no reason?

In the beginning, Gu Chensha thought that it was the Emperor Of Heaven who was causing trouble. But after some calculations, he realized that the Emperor Of Heaven didn't have such great power.

"The Emperor Of Heaven is currently training hard in his heart method, creating the Celestial Court and using the Three Corpses God to control the human world. At the same time, he is strengthening the power of the human world.

If he had the means to subdue these people who obtained Variant Original Source, he wouldn't have to go around in such a big circle. "

In the depths of Gu Chensha's mind, there was an immeasurable speed. Suddenly, many clues appeared in his mind. Gradually, there was a flash of inspiration and he actually had some clues.

"If my guess is correct, there should be another powerful existence that has appeared … This powerful existence has already secretly controlled these people who have obtained Variant Original Source. Think about it, these people who have obtained Variant Original Source did not submit to me, nor did they submit to the Emperor Of Heaven. Instead, they respectfully submitted to Hong Ling Sha according to the instructions of a certain existence. This means that in their hearts, that powerful existence is much more powerful than me and the Emperor Of Heaven."

Gu Chensha calculated again. Suddenly, he was shocked. "Could it be that terrifying thing has appeared? No?

I feel that the Heavenly Dao is still entangled with my father. Although it could collapse at any time, it still exists.

That's right, that terrifying thing has already been nurtured. Although it has not yet been born, it may have already nurtured a will. This will may be hiding in the Human Realm and has begun to act in secret? " At that moment, Gu Chensha's mind suddenly became clear. That terrifying thing had already been born.

He could not find it, nor could he calculate it. If he had not found some clues on Hong Ling Sha, he would have been deceived.

However, the good thing was that this terrifying thing was very likely to only be a wisp of will. It could not harm the Heavens and the Earth. It had not truly been born. Even so, it was still very terrifying because Gu Chensha could not sense the existence of this terrifying will.

Moreover, after this terrifying will appeared, the situation became complicated. Originally, before the collapse of the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian, Gu Chensha only needed to deal with the Emperor Of Heaven and slowly subdue him. But now, he had to face the will of the terrifying thing that could not be seen, touched, or calculated. As a result, Gu Chensha felt that this was an unprecedented challenge.

However, deep in his heart, he also let out a sigh of relief because the hanging swords had begun to fall to the ground.

The words of the Emperor Of Heaven were nothing in Gu Chensha's eyes. If he was determined to destroy the Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Chensha was eighty percent sure that the Emperor Of Heaven was afraid of that terrifying thing.

However, once this terrifying thing was defeated, Gu Chensha would no longer have any enemies or opponents. He would also completely transcend everything and reach a realm that no one could reach.

Now, Gu Chensha was eager to see what this terrifying thing's structure was, what realm it was at, and what mysteries it had. If he could see this thing, Gu Chensha might be able to calculate the ninth level of the dragonless heart sutra, the realm of invincible immortality.

Although Gu Chensha had already understood some of the secrets of the invincible immortality, he still needed some time to truly reach the ninth level of the invincible immortality. However, compared to the Emperor Of Heaven, he was still much stronger. The Grand Plume Sand settled down and began to cultivate.

With every breath of time, her strength began to change dramatically. At the same time, the group of people she had brought with her from the Eternal World also began to establish territories in the human realm, gathering living creatures and gathering sacrifices.

Apart from that, these people who had been reincarnated from the mutant essence had also established their own countries. Now, all of them were in the Grand Plume Sand's pocket. In one fell swoop, the Grand Plume Sand became the greatest power in the human realm. In the territory of Gu Daoxian. At this moment, Gu Daoxian was in a terrible rage.

"Damn it!

Yuan Gu, Pu Tuo, Dou Sheng, those three fence-sitters actually betrayed me and joined the Heavenly Court. Those three deserve to die!

And those people who had obtained the mutant essence actually joined that woman called the Grand Plume Sand. That woman's cultivation base is now higher than mine. "

Gu Daoxian roared, but none of the people below dared to say anything. They were all trembling with fear.