Chapter 1108
============

The Three Forces Hum … Hiss hiss hiss … Hiss hiss hiss …

Gu Chensha could only feel waves of changes in the true meaning of knowledge surging towards him. All sorts of experimental data were gathered into his pyramid-shaped module.

The module itself was already very sturdy. Undying was the tenth level, and the Undying realm level was already more than half complete. Now that the True Meaning of Knowledge was surging towards him, the tenth level module was already 80% complete.

"It's not the old or the new world." Gu Chensha smiled. "It looks like these variables have become my resources.

I created the new world and purposely let it grow, and some ambitious people that I can't control have been born.

But because of this, the more variables there are, the more solid the Undying foundation will be. Looks like as long as I continue to accumulate and develop, I will be able to condense the module and achieve supreme Opportunity. "

Gu Chensha was the first person to create the Undying module. But after this, as long as those people created the Old or New World, the structure of the world would change again. Some Undying realms would also gradually walk this path, striving to catch up to Gu Chensha's footsteps. They would also create modules, but this was what Gu Chensha needed. Of course, the creation of the Old or New World would not necessarily change the final structure. The final structure would definitely produce the strongest existence to fight against Gu Chensha.

This was what Gu Chensha himself hoped for. Whether it was the old world, the new world, or the Old or New World, they would all be Gu Chensha's experimental grounds.

They were all Gu Dusha's experimental grounds. These people provided all kinds of data and resources for Gu Dusha.

Gu Chensha also hoped that a powerful existence would appear to fight against him, to be able to threaten him. Unfortunately, there was not a single one, not even the New World's Will or the Old World's.

Of course, if they turned into humans by chance, they could cause some trouble for Gu Chensha, but that was all. If a main character appeared and completely killed them, absorbing the two great wills, they would be able to fight against Gu Chensha. At that time, it would be quite interesting. To Gu Chensha, he was just at the nurturing stage.

"Your module has been perfected once again."

Lou Baiyue looked at Gu Chensha's Neither Nor Neither Nor Undying Module. She was also in the process of building it, but it was extremely difficult to do so. Even with her cultivation base, she was still confused. Moreover, even if Gu Chensha imparted his experience to her, it would be useless.

After reaching the Invincible Immortal level, one would have to learn and manage things on their own. Advice from outsiders would be useless.

It was because those in the Undying Realm had already surpassed the Heavenly Daos, surpassed the Creation Realm. They were a form that not even the Heavenly Daos could understand, an existence that had never existed before. In the past, the highest realm was the Heavenly Dao. It was the absolute truth, the absolute ruler.

However, after the Heavenly Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian fused with the Heavenly Dao, a mutation occurred. The universe expanded like a balloon, expanding by trillions of times. After the mutation, the Invincible Undying realm was born.

After that, Gu Chensha also calculated the tenth level of the Undying Immortal level, which made the world even more marvelous.

The world was limitless, and the heavens and earth constantly developed. Gu Chensha didn't know what would happen in the future, but it was precisely because of this that it was interesting. (This chapter is not finished, please continue.)

"," message ":" Already subscribed to nt. Remember mobile website: M.