Chapter 928
===========

"Gu Chensha has improved again. He's very close to becoming truly deathless, and is on par with the Emperor Of Heaven," sighed the Primal Chaos Lord.

"The corruption of the human heart can't do anything to him anymore. In fact, he can even use it to extract something useful. That's true deathlessness." "What?

In other words, he can also make use of the people's hearts that hate him and plot against him. He can gather these hearts of hatred, resentment, and malice together and extract the same immortal substance that is the same as the sacrificial power? "Titan God said in shock.

"That's right," said the Great Spirit God. "Look at the greyspace of the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds. It's getting brighter and brighter. As long as you're in the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds, whatever thoughts they send out, whether they hate the imperial court or support it, won't be able to escape. They'll all be collected by Gu Chensha, and that's how the greyspace will stabilize. This level is no small matter.

If he's allowed to continue, he'll be able to change the hearts of all people on his own, and they'll truly receive his deathless dao. If that happens, not even the Emperor Of Heaven will stand a chance against him. "

"Regardless, the imperial court is holding a ceremony to use the power of the ceremony to urge all living beings to spread their deathless dao. If that's the case, Gu Chensha's power will only grow stronger and stronger as his dao of deathless spreads. Plus, he's already got the upper hand.

He's taking over the place that should've belonged to the Heavenly Court, expanding it and connecting the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds together, "said the Exalted Celestial King." We have to take back the Heavenly Court in order to welcome the Emperor Of Heaven. In the end, when the future is set, I will have immeasurable merits and will enjoy immortality. " "When the ceremony begins, it'll be time for our final battle," said the Primal Chaos Lord.

"By the way, will Peacock, Long Xiangtian, and Liu Chansha succeed in killing Lou Baiyue?

I think Long Xiangtian has been plotting against us for a long time. He's even more vicious and cunning than Gu Chensha, and he'll devour us the moment he gets the chance. He's already plotting against the God World. "The Great Spirit God was now in control of the God World, and he was devouring the continents of the Heaven Realm.

Originally, in the past, no matter how powerful a Divine Ability was, it was impossible to uproot a continent of the Heaven Realm and bring it into one's own world. If the Heaven Realm's Will were to retaliate, one would immediately die without a burial ground.

But now, the Heaven Realm's will was completely gone. The current Heaven Realm was just a corpse without the will of the world. It could be plundered by others, obtained, and finally collapsed into pieces.

Under the control of the Mighty Miracle God, the Divine World grew larger and larger. The Mighty Miracle God was the master of the Divine World, the creator of the Divine World.

His cultivation was also becoming more and more profound. Moreover, he had obtained many fortuitous encounters in the dark and was developing some powerful methods. He had hidden these methods, and he also had the intention to rebel.

The Great Spirit God would not follow the Emperor Of Heaven, nor would he follow Gu Chensha. He would not follow anyone else. The purpose of his existence was to curry favor everywhere, make himself stronger, and then realize his ambitions.

"Long Xiangtian is indeed not a good guy, but he has a deep grudge against Gu Chensha. His Source was stolen by Gu Chensha, and although it was replenished and improved, his first thought is to kill Gu Chensha, and then betray him. The Emperor Heaven has already made arrangements for him. The new Lord of the Sun and the Moon will be born, and the new Lord of the Sun and the Moon will take back the Source of the Sun and the Moon in their bodies, and finally form a body." "Oh? The new Master of the Sun and Moon is about to appear? Who is it? "

The Great Spirit God was shocked. He knew the identity of the Master of the Sun and the Moon was not to be underestimated. In terms of status in the Heavenly Court, they were higher than the Chaotic Heavenly King. Unfortunately, the Master of the Sun and the Moon had not appeared.

Gu Chensha was not the Master of the Sun and the Moon, because in the future, he did not exist, and the future Master of the Sun and the Moon was another person.

This person had never appeared, and the Source of the Master of the Sun and the Moon had fallen into the hands of Gu Chensha. Now that Gu Chensha was crippled, a part of his Source was devoured by Gu Chensha, and the other part fell into the hands of Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha. The other Source of the Master of the Sun and the Moon was also divided between the man and the woman.

Long Xiangtian obtained the Great Sun of the Heaven Realm, and Liu Chansha obtained the Bright Moon of the Heaven Realm. Now that the man and woman had joined forces, it was extremely terrifying.

"This is a secret. This is arranged by the Emperor Of Heaven, but I can tell you that the Master of the Sun and the Moon will appear, and he is hidden in the Imperial Court. This time, he will really come out," said the Chaotic Heavenly King.

"The key is that without the Source of the Sun and the Moon, it will be difficult for the Master of the Sun and the Moon to continue. Even if he comes out, he will not be of much help." The Chaotic Demonic Ape suddenly had an idea, but he did not say it out loud.

"Don't worry about that."

The Chaotic Heavenly King smiled, "The Master of the Sun and the Moon has already broken through some kind of bottleneck, and his cultivation has reached a level where he does not need the power of the sun and the moon. Moreover, he will eventually restrain Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha. In the future, the human world will also need the light of the sun and the moon, but the human world is much bigger than the Heavenly Realm, so the sun and the moon must also increase. Since Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha obtained the sun and the moon, it is karma. In the future, they will fuse with the sun and the moon, and completely provide light to the human world." "So the fate of these two people has been decided." God Maha nodded.

"Good, this time we will start to activate the power, and prepare the final formation. At the crucial moment, we will give Gu Chensha a shock, and completely destroy all his arrangements," said the Chaotic Heavenly King. Therefore, everyone poured all their power into the formation behind the Chaotic Heavenly King.

It was unknown what the formation was made of, but it was made of countless runes. These runes were somewhat similar to Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra, but the style of the formation was completely different from the Dragonless Heart Sutra.

This should be the formation that the Emperor Of Heaven had set up, and it was activated at the most crucial moment to deal a fatal blow to Gu Chensha. The Chaotic Demonic Ape was also operating the formation. Suddenly, he felt that there was one more person in his sea of consciousness. It was Gu Chensha.

"Chaotic Demonic Ape, how have you been?" Gu Chensha appeared in the Chaotic Demonic Ape's sea of consciousness, smiling as if he was greeting him.

The Chaotic Demonic Ape was shocked, and his soul fell into extreme fear. "Gu Chensha, why are you in my sea of consciousness? What do you want? "

"My realm is not something you can comprehend. Even if I tell you, or even teach you my Dragonless Heart Sutra, you will not understand.

But I'm not here to kill you. It's a piece of cake for me to kill you. "Gu Chensha was having a heart-to-heart talk with Demonic Ape God like a friend.

"Gu Chensha, what do you want?"

The Chaotic Demonic Ape found that no one could save him at this time, because Gu Chensha had appeared in his sea of consciousness.

"It's very simple. I want to save you. You should also know that in the future, although you will become the master of the Demon Realm, the status of the Demon Realm is the lowest in the whole universe. Your Demon Clan has been killed, plundered, and oppressed all year round.

So you couldn't bear it, so you tried to steal the Chaotic Heavenly Pillar of the Heaven Realm and made a scene in the Heavenly Court. Finally, you were suppressed and never reincarnated. This is your fate. Now you are cooperating with the Emperor Of Heaven. Do you really think you can escape this fate? " A sarcastic smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face. "It seems that you will not be a slave."

"Gu Chensha, I also know that the future will be very miserable, but it seems that it will be more miserable if I follow you. I can get a lot of benefits in this great tribulation."

The Chaotic Demonic Ape said, "The Emperor Of Heaven represents the future. If I follow him, I can at least live until the future. If I follow you, I am afraid that I will die now. In the future, I know my future, and I can avoid the disaster of never reincarnating."

"You think too much. The future is the future, and it can't be changed at all." Gu Chensha sighed and said, "Don't you see the Chaotic Demonic Ape?

The Emperor Of Heaven is to maintain the future trend. If the future trend does not go according to this prediction, the Way of Heaven is not the Way of Heaven, and the Emperor Of Heaven is not the Emperor Of Heaven. So even if it is decided, you must follow your fate. Now is your best chance. If it is the Emperor Of Heaven who decides, do you think you will have the slightest chance?

At that time, the rolling general trend will belong to the Emperor Of Heaven. You are just a turtle in a jar. " When the Chaotic Demonic Ape heard this, he suddenly fell silent.

He knew that Gu Chensha was telling the truth. If the Emperor Of Heaven decided to rule the Myriad World, he really had no chance.

"So, Chaotic Demonic Ape, you have to think clearly. In the future, you want to rebel against the Heavenly Court, but at that time, there will be no chance. But now you have a lot of chances. Take care of yourself. "

Gu Chensha said, "Also, don't talk about conditions with me. I will not agree to any of your conditions. On the contrary, you must be under my command, because you have no choice. I can kill you at any time now. Even the Emperor Of Heaven can't save you. " "Could it be that your cultivation has already surpassed the Celestial Emperor? I don't believe it. "The Chaotic Demonic Ape said," And do you know why I don't follow you?

That's because your Dragonless Dao is simply too shocking. It's simply impossible to achieve. How is it possible for a person to survive and grow stronger without eating, drinking, or absorbing any energy? This is simply a fallacy. " "Really?"

Gu Chensha sighed and said, "I know you don't believe it. In fact, few people will believe it. But now there is an example." "Who? Which example? "The Chaotic Demonic Ape asked," You have not reached this level, have you?

In fact, you are also relying on the spiritual power of the living beings in the Divine Land and the Four Wilds to refine the immortality. But those living beings still rely on energy to survive. "