Chapter 1054
============

"There are many types of arcane techniques, and there are thousands upon thousands of lineages. The basic arcane techniques are Fire, Ice, Light, Dark, Earth, Metal, Necromancy, Lightning, Defense, Plant, Summoning, Space, Air, Illusion, Intelligence …" Gu Chensha was in the deepest part of the Senate. He was studying arcane techniques with the elders who had just advanced to the Heavenly Dao Realm.

The essence of the arcana was the combination of spiritual power and the elements of everything in the world. Arcana could also be combined with each other.

Even with Gu Chensha's cultivation and wisdom, it would not be easy for him to innovate the current arcana technique system.

He wanted to rethink all of the Arcana Technique systems and create more Arcana Techniques that he couldn't use himself but could still be used by other Arcana Masters.

The arcane technique system included both science and technology, as well as immortal dao techniques, and many other unique and unique things. Gu Chensha knew that enriching the arcana system would be very beneficial to the arcana network.

That was the root of the arcana network. The development of the arcana society was the fundamental order of the arcana network. Power was secondary.

Gu Chensha's intention was clear. He wanted to perfect the arcana system to a terrifying degree. He wanted to integrate food, clothing, housing, and transportation, the enjoyment of the human body, and even the joy of the soul into the arcana system. That way, the arcana network would be indestructible.

The arcana network gradually took shape and could trap Mr. Nothingness and the others. Gu Chensha could use his trump card and kill Mr. Nothingness in one fell swoop. From then on, the world would be peaceful, and things would be done according to the rules of the new world. In the end, Gu Chensha would reach Immortal Level 10. Boom!

As expected, when Gu Chensha used his wisdom to perfect the arcana system, the arcana network responded. A lot of knowledge gathered into the arcana network, and many parts of the network became stronger and harder to destroy.

"The arcana network has been strengthened," Arthur said.

"Masters of the Heavenly Law can no longer destroy the network, and our control over the arcana network has been greatly strengthened. The rule of the Arcana Kingdom is basically under our control."

"That's right. You were the first rulers of the Arcana Kingdom. You created the order of the Arcana Continent and contributed greatly to the initial stability of the arcana network. The reason why the control over the arcana network is getting weaker is that the arcana network needs to develop. Your progress can no longer keep up with its needs, so it will abandon you. If it doesn't abandon you, it will be abandoned by the times.

",,,", of, and, and:, and:,:,:,:, ", Of of", " "We'll always listen to the guidance of our teacher." The elders knelt down again. Gu Chensha nodded, his body swayed, and he disappeared.

When the elders saw that Gu Chensha had disappeared, they all cheered up, "Everyone, let's get started. The Arcana Kingdom, the Senate, must rise again. Those arcanists who are a threat to our rule can't be left alive. We must imprison them all and change their minds." The huge Senate reached an agreement, and then, the entire Senate was alarmed. The Arcana Guild's huge power was mobilized.

The Arcana Kingdom was like a dragon awakening, it began to heal itself, reflect on itself, strengthen the rule of the entire continent, and strengthen the order. For a while, many arcanists began to be recruited or arrested by the Arcana Guild.

Many of the Ancestor Realm figures who entered the Arcana Continent, and even those in the Heavenly Law Realm, couldn't escape the arrest of the Arcana Guild.

The highest elders of the Arcana Guild had all reached the Heavenly Law Realm. Each of their strength was tyrannical to the extreme. They also controlled part of the authority of the Arcana Network, gathered the power of many arcanists, and suppressed the foreign forces.

For a while, several years or decades had passed, the order of the entire Arcana Kingdom had been greatly strengthened. The Arcana Guild of the Arcana Kingdom, which was restless and showed signs of collapse, didn't become chaotic. Instead, it became stronger and stronger.

"Things aren't going well." At this time, Lu Zhengrong, an arcanist in the Heavenly Law Realm, was very annoyed.

He was now a farmer in a small farm. The farm wasn't very big. There was a water mill, cattle and sheep farms, and so on. The field was only a few thousand acres, and there were hundreds of slaves working there. In the entire Arcana Kingdom, he was considered a wealthy class among the civilians.

There was no other way, now that the Arcana Guild was unprecedentedly powerful, many wandering arcanists were arrested. But Lu Zhengrong didn't want to be recruited, he could only hide as a civilian. He used all his cultivation to seal his arcane skills so that he wouldn't be discovered.

Originally, he sacrificed his universe, and carried out many plans. Finally, he broke into the Arcana Kingdom, and he had great authority and power. He wanted to subvert the entire Arcana Guild and become the ruler of the Arcana Kingdom. But he didn't expect that decades ago, the power of the Arcana Guild suddenly increased, and they started a purge. That led to him hiding his identity and becoming a civilian of the Arcana Kingdom.

There were too many civilians in the Arcana Kingdom, especially in recent decades, after the Arcana Guild of the Arcana Kingdom became unprecedentedly powerful, they won successive battles and obtained large tracts of land and space. The civilians had experienced an explosive growth, and more importantly, the development of medical arcana had also grown, which greatly increased the lifespan of the civilians. Basically, they wouldn't be tortured by illness, and the birth rate and survival rate had also increased many times.

"What's the power that caused the power of the Arcana Guild to increase so much?" Lu Zhengrong was puzzled, he hadn't figured it out in the past few decades.

"Arcana, Space Diversion, Space Reinforcement, Space Seal."

Just as Lu Zhengrong was trying to find a way to break out of the predicament, suddenly, the space he was in was instantly activated by dozens of powerful space arcana and time arcana. Everything was reinforced, sealed, imprisoned, and the shackles of Order Space completely blocked everything. He only felt that he was imprisoned in the depths of a space prison.

"I've been discovered?"

Just as he was about to activate the same space arcana to escape, several of the highest elders of the Arcana Guild appeared in front of him.

"Great arcanist, the existence of the arcana level of more than 100,000, why are you hiding here and willing to be an ordinary civilian?" An arcana elder said.

"How did you find me?" Lu Zhengrong was puzzled.

"The power of the Arcana Guild is increasing, and its authority over the Arcana Network is further penetrating. That's right, your power used to be above us, because you sacrificed the entire universe. But in the past few decades, you haven't made any contributions, so the origin of the Arcana Network has given up on you. Naturally, everything about you is known to us," the arcana elder said.

"What do you want?" Lu Zhengrong asked.

"It's very simple, we invite you to join our Senate and become an elder. You can make decisions in the Senate, big or small. You're now one of the highest level arcanists, and you've also made great contributions to the Arcana Network, so you're qualified to join the Senate.

Second, if you don't agree, we'll seal you together, suppress you, and imprison you in our prison. We'll make you reflect on your actions, and we'll even deprive you of your arcana cultivation. " The arcana elders said.

"If that's the case, do I have any other choice?" Lu Zhengrong smiled bitterly.

"Lu Zhengrong, your original intention was to control the entire Arcana Kingdom, and it's actually very simple."

One of the elders said, "If you join our Senate, you can fight for the vote, get the highest arcana authority, and become the head of the Arcana Kingdom. Of course, the head of the Arcana Kingdom will be changed every five years, and you have to re-run and get the vote. If you can really make all the people approve of you, then your contribution to the Arcana Kingdom is great enough. Even if you're the head of the Arcana Kingdom forever, it's not a big deal. Over the years, I'm sure you've seen the election system of the Arcana Kingdom's head of state. The original head of state is Lord Joseph, and now it's Lord Ramon.

Because Lord Ramon has recently won the war against the Devil Prison Empire, he has a huge popularity. "

Lu Zhengrong knew that the election of the head of state of the Arcana Kingdom was now truly open and transparent. First, the most meritorious people were selected, and then those people competed, elected, and canvassed votes. In the end, the person with the highest voter turnout was the head of state.

Of course, the head of state not only had a lot of power, but he also had a lot of responsibilities. He was definitely not the kind of emperor who only knew how to enjoy life and kill whoever he wanted. Everyone had to crawl under his feet and tremble in fear. No one could go against him. That kind of head of state wasn't what Lu Zhengrong wanted to be. However, he really didn't have a choice now.

"Well, I'm willing to join the Senate," Lu Zhengrong said.

"Well, let's sign the arcana contract."

At that moment, a huge contract floated over, and there were various terms on it. All the members of the Senate also signed the contract. It was called a contract, but in fact, it was a kind of oath to maintain the rule of the Empire, promote the majesty of the arcana, abide by the laws of the Empire, and so on. It was similar to an oath, but it had a huge binding force.