Chapter 674
===========

When Gu Chensha saw that the Xingqiong Clan couldn't do anything to him, he kept activating the Heavenly Dao. It could be said that he was extremely daring. When faced with the Divine Prefecture's number one ferocious being, not to mention those below the Deity level, even Saints would have to retreat and tremble in fear upon hearing his name. Even the super giants of the Celestial Lord Realm would be somewhat fearful and fearful.

But Gu Chensha had tricked him into coming here, using the pressure to temper himself. But Xing Qiongshi couldn't do anything to him.

Xing Qiongshi hadn't gained the slightest advantage from the three fingers and one palm attack just now. Instead, it had helped Gu Chensha, allowing him to reach the 28 Transformations "Vacuum Shattering" realm under the immense pressure.

After Gu Chensha's rise, not only did his cultivation become stronger, but his connection with the dimensional realm became even closer. Xing Qiongshi could only watch on as Gu Chensha grew and gradually overtook them.

At Xing Qiongshi's realm, it was almost impossible to break through again. He was at the Heavenly Longevity realm, the same as Wan Senshi and the Celestial Master. Since ancient times, no living being had been able to break through to the Sky Origin realm. Xing Qiongshi was no exception.

If the Xingqiong Clan had their own dimensional realm, then when combined with the transcendent Ominous Might Mystic Arts, they might have been able to injure Gu Chensha. But, Gu Chensha had survived a calamity and was able to perceive some truths. But, a dimensional realm was still a dimensional realm. It wouldn't be able to be cultivated just because you perceived it. You had to accumulate a massive amount of strength.

The Dharma Saint had planned for who knew how long. He had used up all of the Sky Devil Race's resources, contacted Wu Dangkong, and borrowed the power of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman to create a dimensional realm.

Right now, Xing Qiongshi was extremely poor. It was already incredible that he could barely create a dimensional realm.

If it was so easy to create a dimensional realm, the Calming Immortal Department wouldn't have spent so much time and luck.

"Heaven and Earth Change, Sun and Moon Become Daoless. Comprehend Divergent, Jump Out of the Three Realms."

Gu Chensha's body changed once more, turning into the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. It circled above Xing Qiongshi's head and emitted the light of the sun and moon. It was so bright that it almost made Xing Qiongshi's body transparent. This was equivalent to peeking into all of the Xing Qiong Clan's secrets.

However, many black vortexes appeared around Xing Qiongshi's body, devouring the light. This meant that Xing Qiongshi was also using Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao to accomplish something. The two of them were still using each other and attacking each other.

If the Xing Qiong Clan were to familiarize themselves with the quality of the Heavenly Dao, they would be able to draw upon the profundities within it and gain a deeper understanding of the Heavenly Dao, thereby completing some sort of unknown transformation. In that case, Gu Chensha would also fall into danger.

Similarly, if Gu Chensha were to ascend to the Divine Realm, then even if the Xingqiong Clan could leave this dimensional realm, their origin energy would be greatly damaged. They might even lose a great deal of their strength and become a dimensional realm with the Common People's Wish sphere. The two of them had already begun fighting.

Gu Chensha could be said to have run into a true expert. He first practiced with Xing Qiongshi as a premeditated plan to deal with Wan Senshi.

Right now, Immortal Master Wan was stronger than Xing Qiongshi. This was because Immortal Master Wan had definitely created his own dimensional realm.

As he fought with Xing Qiongshi and tried his best to seep into her body, Gu Chensha's cultivation became more and more clear. His comprehension of the Dao of Deviants also increased in just a few breaths.

After all, with Xing Qiongshi, the "King of Anomalies", as a blueprint, he would be able to obtain some of Xing Qiongshi's memories and secrets sooner or later. Within Dharma Continent. Governor Wen Hanlong listened to his subordinate's report and was filled with worry.

"Governor, the Legalist Faction has been doing many small things recently. Our spies have found out that many Legalist Faction disciples have started to travel among the commoners and rich families. They are contacting one another and it seems like they are planning some sort of plot." A young man who was around 20 years old reported some matters.

This teen's cultivation was actually at Dao Realm Transformation Seven, Leaving the Ground and Soaring Into the Sky. He had cultivated Xiantian Earth Energy and could circulate it at will. It spun around his body and allowed him to fly in the air.

This young man was an outstanding student from the Common People's Wish Academy. He helped Governor Wen Hanlong to manage the people of the entire continent.

The Common People's Hope Institute was currently being nurtured by Lou Baiyue. It was unknown how many geniuses had been selected and nurtured there. Due to the sufficient amount of Man-Dragon Pellets, Lesser Heavenly Dew, and other spirit herbs, as well as countless superior cultivation techniques such as the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and Dragon Creation Sutra, these students were all geniuses. Their cultivation had also increased rapidly, and these people had begun to infiltrate the lower levels. Putting aside the various governors' manors, there were also students from the Common People's Hope Institute in the lower levels of provinces, prefectures, counties, and even towns and villages.

From the bottom to the top, they controlled the entire administrative structure of the Imperial Court, causing the Imperial Court to be in the hands of the Calming Celestial Bureau.

This was the result of Gu Chensha's counterattack last time. He had suppressed the various aristocratic families, including the Crown Prince Gu Xuansha, Gu Danjian, and Wu Dangkong's forces, and then vigorously developed the students. Finally, they occupied almost 90% of the inheritance. This way, the imperial court's national fate had been gathered in the Common People's Wish sphere, resulting in the current situation. With just this move, Gu Chensha had grasped the essence of ruling a country.

"This is a problematic matter."

This was what Wen Hanlong was worried about. "The Warlock Saint has cultivated a medium-class world and formed an alliance with the Heavenly Demon Race. All the aristocratic families are now following his lead and have pledged their allegiance to him. Even my Wen Family is no exception. Now that I have been expelled by the Wen Family, if the Wen Family rebels in the future, they will definitely not hesitate to kill me.

Damn it, don't these rebels have any loyalty to the Imperial Court? Even if they cooperate with the Demon Race, they still want to harm the common people? "

"The glory of these aristocratic families has been taken away by the Imperial Court. Naturally, they won't leave it at that. They want to break the Imperial Court and create a new order so that they can get a share of it. But they don't think that by cooperating with the Dharma Saint, they will most likely be eaten up until there is nothing left."

This young man was far-sighted, "If they can join the Imperial Court and join the Calming Celestial Bureau, they can still preserve their orthodoxy and worship. For example, the Wen Family can prosper, and the Wen Saint will also hold a public sacrifice for them." "Of course, but greed blinds them. No one can save them."

Wen Hanlong sneered, "But if they really become ruthless, they won't care about the lives of the common people. They will definitely join the Demon Race to turn the Divine Continent upside down."

"No matter what, we have to protect the Divine Continent and the common people. We can't let these rebels and demons cause chaos in the world," the young man said resolutely. Buzz … At that moment, in the back hall of the governor's manor, layers of space ripples spread out.

Then, a General turned into layers of space. He casually changed and appeared in front of Wen Hanlong. In the end, he formed back into his body and cupped his fists, "Governor, my Master Chensha has cultivated to the 28th Dao Realm Transformation, the Vacuum Shattering Realm. Even I have reached this realm. Now, I can shatter space and extract the pure space essence from within to form a space ring. Moreover, because my strength is at True Dragon Technique Grade Five, the space ring I create is really stable and won't collapse for decades. Apart from that, my strength has increased by several times. " "Prince's cultivation is really quick."

Wen Hanlong sighed and said, "Seems like he'll be able to reach the Divine level very soon. If His Highness were to reach the Divine level, your Great Marshal of the Common People will be the same and reach the Divine level as well. Then, all 360 Great Marshals of the Common People will also reach the Divine level. At that time, the 99 prefectures and the various regions of the Wilderness will all have Divine level experts suppressing them.

"It's only a matter of time before my Lord Duesha reaches the Divinity level. My Lord has already drawn Xing Qiongshi into a dimensional realm and is beginning to refine him. At the same time, he's borrowing the pressure from him to rapidly rise in power."

The General said, "My Master is doing an experiment. No matter if it succeeds or not, he will gain huge benefits. He drew Xing Qiong Clan in to deal with Wan Senshi and Dharma Saint. Let's save General Yuhuan Lu first. "

"Prince has great foresight and has never miscalculated since you started cultivating. You have always stood at the peak and played around with many strong existences. I am deeply impressed. Does Prince have any instructions?"

Wen Hanlong knew that this General usually stayed in the depths of the manor, using the mysteries to help him predict the country. He definitely wouldn't come out to say so much. Now that he had come out, it was definitely Gu Chensha's idea.

"My Master said that he hopes that the governor can keep himself useful and not fight to the death with the Dharma Saint. If the Dharma Saint explodes and sweeps Dharma Province, then the governor and the officials can just slowly retreat. We will develop in the Wilderness and then plan to improve. There is no need to defend our land to the death." The General said.

"This …" Wen Hanlong's face showed hesitation, "As the Governor of Dharma Province, I have the responsibility to defend the land. If Dharma Province is lost, I will die in the line of duty. If I escape, how will the people of the world look at me?"

"This is my Master's intention and also an order given by my Master with the Emperor's Golden Plate. This is the Emperor's order." The General said, "You have to obey." "Yes." Wen Hanlong didn't have anything else to say.

"My Master has just comprehended a secret technique that can be cultivated by the governor."

As he spoke, the General of Common People's Will transmitted over, "My Lord has developed billions of secret arts that are suitable for all living beings in the world. What the governor cultivates is the mystique of the Wen Family, and he inherits the aura of literature and ink. The aura of his writings soars into the heavens, writing about the spring and autumn. This is the foundation of the governor, and my Lord has used the governor's foundation as a reference, turning it into a secret art. It will definitely raise the governor's cultivation by a lot.

Wen Hanlong accepted this thought and tried to comprehend it. A look of shock appeared on his face. "Your Highness, you're really talented. You've actually managed to deduce all the flaws in my cultivation and make up for them one by one. Not only that, but you've also created new ones. You think what I think and worry about what I'm worried about.

Could it be that … when Prince fixed my flaws, he also sent a will to the other governors to fix their flaws? "