Chapter 398
===========

The will surged over, cutting off the battle between Gu Chensha and Wu Dangkong.

Then, the will gathered into a figure. It was a burly man dressed in beast skin, looking like a savage. He did not look like a barbarian, but a Desolate God that had walked out from the Primordial Era.

He did not have the fiendish aura from before. Instead, he had the aura of a pioneer, a primogenitor that had split the world apart and created all things.

"Is this a projection?

It's not a real body, but it's definitely Xing Qiongshi. He's very different from the last time I saw him. "

Gu Chensha was shocked. "This person is indeed quite terrifying. To think that he could turn fiendish into a mighty one. Did he comprehend some sort of principle because he encountered a great calamity?" "You're the Divine Land's Number One Ferocious, Xing Qiongshi!" Gu Chensha yelled.

"Hahahahaha …" The savage man laughed. "The Divine Land's Number One Ferocious is just a stain that others put on me. I only went against some of the rules of the world, and I was crowned the Number One Ferocious." "Senior, what do you want?"

Wu Dangkong calmed himself down and took a breather. "I came here today to save senior, but it's a pity that this person stopped me. Senior, can you help me kill this person? After that, I'll definitely use the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art's Jade Talisman to help you escape." "Wu Dangkong, don't waste your time scheming."

Gu Chensha also laughed. "Can't you see that the Divine Land's Number One Ferocious is just an empty shell with no power at all?

He hasn't broken free, and all of his power has been sealed. How can he cooperate with you to kill me?

Besides, even if he recovers all of his power, he might not be able to kill me. If he could kill me, the three Heavenly Venerables would have done so long ago. Do you really think that even if Xing Qiongshi revives, he can do anything to His Majesty? "

Wu Dangkong could also see that Xing Qiongshi's power was not very strong. Only a little bit of his will had leaked out, and he had gathered the World's Essence Qi to form a body.

"Three Heavenly Venerables? Are you enemies with the three Heavenly Venerables? "

Xing Qiongshi didn't say anything, nor did he seem angry. Instead, he looked at Gu Chensha and said, "Not long ago, you came here and used a Jade Transformation Talisman to dissolve a small piece of me. That awakened me.

"Xing Qiongshi, do you really want to break free?" Gu Chensha asked. "If you want, I can make a deal with you.

"Xing Qiongshi, are you not afraid that I'll kill you after I break free and throw you into chaos?

"Xing Qiongshi, you, and I, I'm not. and said, I'm, I, and God, and Dao.

"Qiao Xing," Xing said. God, "Chensha, Tian" Xing, Qiong Xing, "Xing" "Tian, a Xian, Qiu, a, a, and Spirit, an, one and Xing.

"," Xian, ", and,", Xing, ",", King, and, ",", ",", "Xing,", "You,", ", you,", ",", ",,", and, ", I,", and, and ", I,,", ",,", " Even if you were at your peak, you wouldn't be able to do that, right? " "In this world, there's actually such a powerful existence?"

Xing Qiongshi could naturally tell that Xing Qiongshi had killed Tian Tianzi before. His familiarity with the Heaven's Son God Sealing Art wasn't inferior to Gu Chensha or Wu Dangkong. Indeed, even if he was at his peak, he wouldn't be able to grasp the rules of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, let alone distorting it. "I've been in the Supreme Ancient Era, and I've been familiar with it since the creation of heaven and earth." "That's right, I'm his son. You should be able to tell how powerful my bloodline is, right?"

Gu Chensha's heart stirred. He couldn't sense the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline in his body, nor could he tell where it was located. But, maybe Xing Qiongshi would be able to tell. In that case, he might be able to make use of this Heavenly Talisman Emperor's eyes to obtain some crucial information for his own cultivation.

As expected, Xing Qiongshi's eyes gleamed with a strange light. In an instant, Gu Chensha's entire being was seen through. Every tiny bit of energy, even the most primitive aura, couldn't escape Xing Qiongshi's eyes.

With Xing Qiongshi's cultivation base, it was a piece of cake for him to see through the past and the future. It was just that he was sealed, and many of his abilities couldn't be unleashed.

"Interesting, interesting. Your bloodline is a fusion of the Sun Moon Dragon Bloodline, the God of Seasons' bloodline, the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, and even the North Star Emperor's bloodline.

Other than that, there's also some other random stuff. To think that the North Star Emperor is actually still alive.

Back then, he also had a part in attacking me. If I manage to break free, I'll capture him and roast him for food. "

Xing Qiongshi revealed his wild side. "These bloodlines of yours should have been impossible to fuse, but they were crushed by an even stronger bloodline, allowing you to comprehend your own bloodline. How powerful, how powerful. Even my bloodline isn't able to do this. However, that bloodline of yours is hidden in the most crucial node of the spacetime continuum in your body. Unless you reach the Godhood Realm and comprehend the secrets of the heavenly grotto-heavens, you won't be able to awaken that bloodline of yours. You're right, your father, the person who bestowed you the bloodline, is much stronger than me. Even if I recover my full cultivation base and comprehend the supreme dao of primordial chaos, I still wouldn't be a match for him." Xing Qiongshi's tone was somewhat dejected.

What sort of character was he? He could see through everything. The stronger an existence was, the more they would know how terrifying the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor was. Only those weaker existences who didn't know the secret would think that the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor could be easily toppled.

From the fact that the three Heavenly Venerables didn't dare to act recklessly, one could see some clues.

Xing Qiongshi was also extremely shocked in his heart. Back in the Supreme Ancient Era, he was someone who could overturn the cosmos and shake the universe. He could tear apart ancient Tianzi and divinities with his bare hands, killing Sages with a flip of his hand. He was someone who stood at the peak of his era and was able to break through the fog. He had long surpassed the 36 Transformations. In fact, one could even say that he was the King of Oddities.

Because, the three Heavenly Venerables were also Oddities. But even if they joined forces, they wouldn't be able to do anything to him. In his heart, only the boundless Heavenly Dao could cause a calamity to him.

But even so, it was impossible to kill him completely. He had long since attained an indestructible body.

But this time, he could see through the bloodline in Gu Chensha's body. He could sense how powerful that bloodline was, and how terrifying it was. He seemed to have seen something that shouldn't exist in the universe, or even in the primordial chaos. As for what it was exactly, he couldn't say for sure. Hence, he was shocked.

The more he knew, the more terrifying he felt. The higher he stood, the more he could sense the vastness of the world.

"How about it? Can we make a deal now? "

Gu Chensha was secretly delighted. Just now, he had carefully sensed the situation of Xing Qiongshi's bloodline, and he had secretly comprehended some things. Xing Qiongshi was actually able to see that the strongest bloodline was hidden in the deepest node of the countless intertwining dimensions in his body. If that was the case, his train of thought would be able to move in the most correct direction, and there wouldn't be any forks in his path. In that case, Xing Qiongshi would be able to guide him to the most crucial step, and his path of cultivation wouldn't be completely different.

"Make a deal?"

Xing Qiongshi laughed. "With your cultivation base, even if you were ten times stronger, wanting to release me would still be a dream. The seal placed on me by Emperor Gu isn't as simple as this jade mountain. Other than that, there's also the seal placed by the three Heavenly Venerables, as well as the supreme seal placed by the four great forces of Yao, Demon, God, and Immortal back then. Even if you use the Jade Transformation Talisman to dissolve the entire jade mountain, you'll only be able to slightly reduce the pressure on me, and allow me to think. As for activating my mana, that's absolutely impossible." "As expected, it's not that simple."

Hearing this, Gu Chensha knew that if he could easily release Xing Qiongshi with his nineteenth-transformation Dao Realm cultivation base, the world would have long since descended into chaos.

"Senior, the Heaven-Sacrifice Talisman is in my hands. I think the key to saving you is in the Heaven-Sacrifice Talisman, right?"

Wu Dangkong suddenly said, "I can make a deal with you. As long as you give me some of your bloodline and make me stronger, I can help you dissolve the entire jade mountain. As for the other seals, you can think of a way to deal with them later. You can't make a deal with this person. He's just plotting against you. You have to know that the reason you were surrounded by countless ancient existences was because you fell into the trap of the Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang. Step by step, you fell into his trap, and in the end, you were torn to pieces.

And now, the new Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, is this man's military adviser. I'm sure you're well aware of this information, Senior. As for whether or not this man came to negotiate with you with ulterior motives, I'm sure you're well aware. " "The new Lord of Seven Stars?"

As expected, Xing Qiongshi looked at Gu Chensha with killing intent in his eyes. Gu Chensha felt a chill run down his spine, and his Core Qi became sluggish.

A single glance from this person was filled with heaven-shaking, earth-shattering power. It was terrifying to the extreme.

"There's no need to talk about the previous Lord of Seven Stars," said Gu Chensha. "Later, Jiang Gongwang was also plotted against by the three celestials. The three celestials plotted against him from behind the scenes. Why don't you come with us? Let's get rid of the three celestials first. What do you think?"

"Junior, your cultivation base can't even compare to a single hair on my head," said Xing Qiongshi, laughing loudly. "You're all hoping to benefit from me, aren't you?

But if you want to negotiate with me, you don't qualify. Your cultivation bases are too low. Even if I help you right now, who knows how many years it'll take before you have the power to open my seal? How about this: call your backer over. I'm very interested in him. If he can help me open my seal, I'll owe him a favor. "