Chapter 837
===========

God Maha was different from other gods. He could see far ahead, which was why he could become the king of myriad gods. Furthermore, his cultivation base wasn't at the Celestial Sovereign realm, but the Heavenly Longevity realm. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to command the Demon Realm. Although he had been sealed for a long time, it was actually a form of training for him.

Inside God Maha's body, countless streams of energy were sucked in and out, gradually condensing into strands of the Boundless Universe power. His cultivation base was actually higher than Old Man Primitive's.

If the world changed in time, and he encountered some fortuitous encounter, he might very well step into the Sky Origin realm.

Since ancient times, no one had been able to cultivate to the Sky Origin realm. But now that the world was changing, heroes were emerging, and the chaos was growing fiercer and fiercer, all sorts of impossible things were becoming possible.

"Star profundities are still being reincarnated. There will be more than a yuan's worth of reincarnated stars appearing," said the Chaotic Demonic Ape.

"Right now, the number of reincarnated stars that the Calmness Immortal Agency has subdued is actually very small, so it's nothing to worry about. But that's exactly what I'm worried about. That Gu Chensha is very resourceful, and the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, is even more extraordinary. He has unfathomable profundities. I'm afraid he's planning something big. We have to be on guard.

"This king will personally collect reincarnated stars and gradually take control of the Calmness Immortal Agency. Right now, Zhuge Ya has set up a Constellation Department within the agency, which is filled with reincarnated stars. They're still in the process of collecting them. I'll infiltrate the department and take control of it. I'll make the Calmness Immortal Agency suffer the consequences of its actions."

Heavenly King Jin, the ordinary youth, was very confident. "The reason I haven't made a move yet is because you true gods are offering sacrifices to my Dragon Gate. I'm going to refine the power of the sacrifices and transform it to upgrade the Dragon Gate. Primordial Dragon Sect, transform! " Buzz …

At Heavenly King Jin's command, the entire Dragon Gate began to absorb the chaotic energy like it was nothing. Countless spaces were born, stacked on top of each other, each filled with all sorts of life force. [0↑ 9 △ Small ↓ Say △ Net]

"All of you will occupy a space in the Chaotic Dragon Gate and re-cultivate your God Nation. Worship this Dragon Gate. Do not neglect it. In the future, the Chaotic Dragon Gate will be the gateway of the Heavenly Court to the myriad worlds. It is extremely important. If you can strengthen this gate, not only will it be a great merit, but it will also be more convenient for your descendants to enter the Heavenly Court in the future," Heavenly King Jin said.

God Maha and God Ape exchanged a glance with a helpless expression. It was clear that Heavenly King Jin wanted them to obediently stay in the Dragon Gate and provide sacrifices. In other words, they were being raised like pigs.

Now that Heavenly King Jin had received the support of so many True Gods, the might of the Primeval Dragon Sect would only grow stronger. If this continued, his power might very well be comparable to Chaotic Heavenly King and Heavenly King Daluo in the future. In the future, his status in the Heavenly Court would rise very quickly.

After the Heavenly Court was established in the future, there would also be fights between heavenly kings, which would then lead to wars between the myriad worlds.

Although God Maha and God Ape wanted to break away from Heavenly King Jin and run their own businesses to quickly increase their strength, they had no other choice. It was impossible for them to escape from Heavenly King Jin, and they could be killed at any time. Therefore, they could only find a space to stay and worship.

Heavenly King Jin saw that the Dragon Gate had completely stabilized, and the energy in his body transformed, causing his cultivation to increase. Boundless force was brewing in his body, and he would soon reach the Heaven Primordial Realm.

After receiving the worship of close to 3,000 True Gods, Heavenly King Jin activated the Dragon Gate to baptize himself. In an instant, his heavenly king origin was nourished and strengthened, giving him enough capital. Whoosh!

The Dragon Gate spun and shrank until it turned into a rune invisible to the naked eye. It entered Heavenly King Jin's glabella and merged with his will. Then, he left the ancient starry sky and quietly descended. At the same time.

In the branch of the Celestial Tranquility Department in Fazhou City, a youth named Chu Feng suddenly trembled as if he had changed into a different person. His eyes opened, and an undetectable strange smile appeared on his face.

"The Celestial Tranquility Department is indeed powerful. The Central Plains of the Divine Continent, the Desolate Wilderness, and the Desolate Ocean are all shrouded by it. Even ants can be clearly seen when they move. Fusing with the data of the King of Common Life, I can calculate in an instant and eliminate all hidden dangers. However, there's a flaw. If a Heavenly Venerable deliberately hides, they might not be able to detect it. Of course, there's also Gu Chensha's calculation. That person is terrifying, and he can even calculate me at any time. However, now that I've received close to 3,000 True Gods' worship, my strength has improved by leaps and bounds. I'll find a chance to subdue this person and make him my subordinate. Then, my status will rise to a terrifying realm in the future. I'm not planning to destroy the Celestial Tranquility Department, but to make it my subordinate. It's not certain who will become the Emperor Of Heaven in the future."

The youth 'Chu Feng' that Heavenly King Jin had transformed into had been hiding in the Celestial Tranquility Department for a long time. At this moment, he had decided to go all out in the Celestial Tranquility Department. At the headquarters of the Celestial Tranquility Department. High up in the sky of the Divine Central Continent, a Little Hongmeng Tree was faintly discernible.

Inside the Little Hongmeng Tree, Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, Longevity God, God of Five Seasons, Liu Yu, Ling Shaofei, Chang Wuqu, and the others had gathered to discuss an important matter.

"We've already established the Constellation Department to gather all the reincarnated Xing Chen together."

Zhuge Ya looked at the core members of the Celestial Tranquility Department and said, "There are a total of one yuan of reincarnated Xing Chen. They haven't appeared yet, but it's very likely that they've already appeared among the common people. Once the Emperor Of Heaven is born, all these people will awaken and form a force to resist us. What we need to do is to gather all these people and have them completely acknowledge our ideals."

"That's right. Although I'm a reincarnated Spirit Star and Flying Star, I should've held a position in the Heavenly Court in the future. However, I gave up on that and joined the Celestial Tranquility Department to escape my fate and create a brand new self," Ling Shaofei said firmly.

"Me too."

Chang Wuqu had a cold smile on his face. "Unfortunately, many people are still hoping for that illusory Heavenly Court. Instead of hoping for the future, we might as well seize the present. Right now, our Celestial Tranquility Department's power is already established, and the Devil Calamity isn't a problem. Once we eliminate the devils one by one and occupy the countless Devil Domains, our imperial court will truly be able to conquer the countless worlds and finally achieve our ideals."

"Once we gather a total of one yuan of reincarnated Xing Chen and worship them all, the power of our Celestial Tranquility Department will increase by many times," Wen Hong said. "My Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art will also reach true perfection."

"These are the reincarnated Xing Chen who have recently awakened among the common people. Many of them haven't reported it to us and are hiding themselves. Clearly, they have ulterior motives, so we have to make a move.

In the past, our strategy was to observe in secret and let nature take its course. But not now. We have to bring them all into our Celestial Tranquility Department's system, and they have to offer sacrifices to us. If they aren't sincere, we have to seize their profoundness and erase their thoughts. "

Longevity God's expression was very grim. "The thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman is coming, and the great changes of the world are about to begin. We have to be aware of the internal instability. If there are no internal problems and we work together, even if the Emperor Of Heaven comes out and becomes our enemy, we will still be as stable as a mountain." As he spoke, Longevity God took out a list of names.

The stars on this list flickered, and many names appeared one by one. Sometimes, a few more names would be added. These were the identities of all the reincarnated Xing Chen in the Central Divine Continent.

Some of them were hidden, not revealing their identities, but they had no idea that their every move was being observed by the Celestial Tranquility Department.

Zhuge Ya took the list and quickly scanned it. "Every day, several hundred reincarnated Xing Chen are awakening, but only a few come to report to our Celestial Tranquility Department. The others are all hiding. It seems that our Celestial Tranquility Department's ideals haven't truly taken root in the hearts of the people. Those people all have selfish motives."

"There's nothing we can do about people's selfishness. When people are the first to obtain great benefits, they will choose to hide and not be discovered by others. This is also human nature."

Wen Hong said, "We will first promote these people who report on their own and use them as role models. Then, we will have them look for other people to educate them."

"As soon as this person called Chu Feng woke up, he immediately reported to us that he is the reincarnation of Yuan Dou Star."

Zhuge Ya looked at one of the names, and a careless smile appeared on his face. "This person can be promoted to the upper echelons of our Constellation Department."

"Yuan Dou Star is extremely vast, and its star power is tyrannical. Not bad." Wen Hong also smiled. "It seems that Mister Zhuge can personally discuss with this Chu Feng?" "That's right." Zhuge Ya suddenly waved his hand.

Immediately, a passageway appeared in front of him. The space around him changed, and he arrived in a space outside the small Hongmeng Tree.

Inside this space, a youth looked around with a somewhat terrified expression. It seemed like he had never seen such a grand scene before. Zhuge Ya appeared, looked at the youth, and asked, "You are Chu Feng? You reported on your own, and you are the reincarnation of Yuan Dou Star?

Many reincarnated Xing Chen choose to hide after awakening, but you actually reported it. From this, it can be seen that your loyalty is commendable. Do you know why I summoned you here? "