Chapter 942
===========

Theft Chapter 939: Theft

"Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha are definitely up to no good. They even dare to build a Soaring Dragon Realm to plunder experts, build faith, and refine immortal substances to strengthen their realm. Over time, they'll be able to make a name for themselves." Gu Tanjian said.

"But they have a fatal flaw. They don't have any vital energy to cultivate in the Soaring Dragon Realm."

The Warlock Saint said, "In the human world, there is chaotic energy and spiritual energy. When we gather together, we can cultivate in a cycle forever. As for the Eternal World that Gu Chensha built, he has comprehended the Dragonless Cultivation Technique and can use his own spirit to emit endless eternal energy for all living beings to cultivate. At the same time, when all living beings cultivate, some people will offer sacrifices to Gu Chensha in return. In this way, it formed a perfect cycle. From a certain point of view, Gu Chensha was a much bigger threat than Long Xiangtian.

Right now, Long Xiang Tian is just plundering. He doesn't have any ability to regenerate. He will first kidnap a group of experts and lock them up in the Soaring Dragon Celestial World, forcing them to worship and not giving them any chance to cultivate. In the end, he squeezes them dry and then captures another group. He's even more demonic than a demon. "

"Long Xiang Tian's strength is getting stronger and stronger. I have a feeling that he has secretly come to the human world to look for that huge Variant Origin. He also wants to get it. Moreover, he also wants to take the smaller Variant Origin for himself."

Zhang Ziran said, "Dharma Saint, there are two things we need to do. First, make all the experts submit to the Heavenly Court. If they don't, we'll strip them of their cultivation and send them into the cycle of reincarnation. Second, I'll personally capture Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha.

I have a feeling that Liu Chansha is different. Maybe she's not on the same side as Long Xiangtian. She's just using him. " "I also feel that she's not simple." Jing Qiu said, "She's always listening to Long Xiangtian. But I feel that he's very ambitious.

Moreover, she named herself Liu Chansha. You should know that the word 'Sha' is very thought-provoking. The son of Gu Taxian has the word 'Sha' in the end, just like Gu Chensha, Gu Hengsha, Gu Hongsha, Gu Yunsha, and Gu Fasha. "

"You're right. After reaching our level of cultivation, all of our names contain an enormous amount of karma. It is definitely not something that can be easily obtained."

Zhang Ziran said, "But no matter how strong Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha are, once they enter the mortal world, I'll have enough power to kill them."

"In the human realm, the constellations have already returned to their positions and are monitoring the heavens. The great constellation formation has already been arranged. As long as there is any movement, the power of the 129,600 constellations will gather and send out a heavenly tribulation. That is not something that Long Xiang Tian can compare to. Not to mention the power of the entire mortal world. "

Dharma Saint said, "The Great Spirit God, you and Jiang Chuan will manage the Divine World and the Immortal World. Cooperate with the ruler of the mortal world. Gather a large number of people who have cultivated mana and send them to the Immortal World. We can't let them stay in the mortal world. Otherwise, their every move will have the power to tear rivers and move mountains. It'll affect the living beings too much. Keeping them in the mortal world will be detrimental to the development of the mortal world." "Of course."

The Great Spirit God said, "I know what to do. The Divine World is the Dao of Gods, the Immortal World is the Dao of Immortals. In the Divine World that I manage, I can also confer some River Gods, Mountain Gods, City Gods, and Earth Gods to help the Son of Heaven supervise the mortal world."

"That's right. This is what the Divine World should do. The Divine World is like a department of the Heavenly Court."

Zhang Ziran said, "The Human Realm has just been established, and we haven't even established some management yet. This is the most difficult time for us. If we can stabilize the situation and expand step by step until the Human Realm is completely filled with order, then Gu Chensha won't be able to do anything to us." "That's great merit." Dharma Saint said, "It's a pity that the Chaotic Demonic Ape God betrayed us.

He had plundered the Monster World and even obtained the Primordius Heavenly Pillar. Now, his strength was extremely tyrannical. Moreover, he was dead set on cultivating the Dragonless Heart Sutra. It was basically impossible for him to change his mind.

Now, the Celestial Emperor wants to recreate the Demon Realm. Otherwise, the Demon Realm, Celestial Realm, Celestial Realm, Celestial Realm, Celestial Realm, Celestial Realm, Celestial Realm, Celestial Realm, Celestial Realm, Celestial Realm, Celestial Realm, Celestial Realm, Celestial Realm, Celestial Realm. Immortals would belong to the Immortal World. Immortals would belong to the Immortal World.

"Don't worry. The Emperor Of Heaven has already promoted the new Lord of the Demon World. In just a few months, the new Lord of the Demon World will appear." Zhang Ziran understood the situation very well. A mysterious smile appeared on his face.

"The Emperor Of Heaven's methods are truly remarkable." The Great Spirit God still had lingering fears. He didn't dare to betray the Emperor Of Heaven for the time being.

"Everyone, go back to your positions." Zhang Ziran whizzed and disappeared. He wanted to kill Long Xiang Tian first, and then obtain the Mutant Origin.

"Zhang Ziran seems to have found some clues."

Gu Chensha had been watching this person for a long time. "He is the Lord of the Mortal World. He has a better grasp of the minute changes in the Mortal World than I do. Some inspirations and whims can help me. I just need to watch this person and I will be able to obtain a lot of benefits."

In Gu Chensha's opinion, Zhang Ziran's current strength had probably surpassed Long Xiangtian and even the Earthly King.

The Earthly King controlled the Underworld and had many experts. However, compared to the Mortal World, they were still lacking. The Mortal World was the foundation of all worlds. When Zhang Ziran used his Mortal World Energy, he was invincible in the Mortal World.

However, Gu Chensha also knew that in the distant future, the Emperor Of Heaven wouldn't let Zhang Ziran stay as the Lord of the Mortal World for a long time. Zhang Ziran might even encounter a calamity, just like the Chaotic Demonic Ape God. Of course, now, Zhang Ziran also knew this. He wouldn't be willing to be the Lord of the Mortal World. In the future, he might encounter a calamity, fall into the cycle of reincarnation, or even be destroyed.

Therefore, Zhang Ziran needed to find the Variant Origin and devour it. Only then would he have the capital to fight against the Emperor Of Heaven. The Emperor Of Heaven wouldn't dare to casually touch him in the future.

Zhang Ziran vanished from the imperial palace. In the next moment, he arrived at another place in the Mortal World that was extremely far away. This place was filled with rivers and lakes, and then it was surrounded by numerous plains. Countless commoners lived on these plains. These commoners were planting all sorts of grains and raising livestock.

At the same time, these people consecrated temples and built statues to worship the God of Creation and the God of Creation.

This place had a circumference of billions of square kilometers. The soil was fertile, and the water was deep. It was the most suitable place for humans to live.

The people here had also built a country. The God of Creation they worshiped was Long Xiangtian, and the God of Creation was Liu Chansha. In this country, everyone knew that the person who created this world was the Great Emperor Long Xiangtian, and the one who created all living things was Goddess Chan Sha.

Therefore, when they were giving birth and cultivating, they would continuously produce sacrificial power. Then, they would gather it on Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha.

"This is equivalent to stealing the power of our Mortal World."

Zhang Ziran looked at the continent in front of him that had a circumference of billions of square kilometers. There were at least trillions of people living on it.

These people all worshiped Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha. The sacrificial power they could produce every day was extremely shocking.

These people cultivated and lived in the Mortal World, but the sacrificial power they produced was actually harvested by outsiders. If this wasn't theft, then what was?

Of course, Zhang Ziran knew that Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha's family weren't the only ones doing this in the Mortal World. Many Heavenly Venerables, Heavenly Longevity Realm, and Heavenly Primordial Realm experts were secretly doing this. Even people like Jing Qiu, The Great Spirit God, Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, and the Dharma Saint were secretly doing this.

After all, the Mortal Realm was so huge that it was much larger than the Heaven Realm of the past. They could casually find a continent and gather all the living beings and humans there. Then, they would be able to establish faith and reap the rewards. A few years of cultivation would be equivalent to thousands, or even tens of thousands or even hundreds of thousands of years of cultivation.

The country that Long Xiangtian had built was still expanding. Under his secret urging, it was like a swarm of locusts, plundering and spreading its faith everywhere.

What Long Xiangtian was doing right now was naked plundering. He didn't care about how the Mortal World worked, plundering as much as he could. As the ruler of the Mortal World, Zhang Ziran definitely couldn't tolerate this kind of behavior.

"These people took advantage of the fact that the Mortal World has just been established to stir up trouble. They built countries everywhere and harvested sacrificial offerings. This can't be tolerated. We need to kill the chicken to warn the monkey. Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha are the ones who stood out. As long as we kill them, the others won't dare to do anything." Zhang Ziran stretched out his palm, wanting to wipe out everything here.

Just as he was about to use his power to wipe out this continent, two figures suddenly appeared in front of him. It was Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha.

"Ruler of the Mortal World, I trust you've been well since we last met."

Long Xiangtian said, "I didn't expect you to be so vicious and merciless. There are trillions of people here and you want to kill them all?

This kind of slaughter surpasses any devil. "Long Xiangtian said," Zhang Ziran, do you really want to do this? "

"These people have sinned deeply, from their souls to their bones. They've violated the laws of the Heavenly Dao. They can no longer be called humans. The tribulation I sent down will wipe them all out. This is the punishment of the Mortal World."

Zhang Ziran said, "Long Xiangtian, Liu Chansha, the two of you fled before the battle, and now you're building a world without permission. What are your intentions?

The Emperor Heaven has ordered you to immediately go and beg for forgiveness. Destroy the Soaring Dragon Celestial World to lessen your sins. "