Chapter 459
===========

"There have been a few outstanding figures in the Dwarf Demon Race recently. I'll just transform into one of them. Dwarf Abandoned!"

Gu Chensha had obtained information about the Dwarf Demon Race from Dark Armor Foolishness. He knew that there were some outstanding figures in the Dwarf Demon Race. He chose a powerful character called Pygmy Forsaken.

Dwarf Abandoned was a freak. When it was born, there were all sorts of strange phenomena. Its parents saw countless black lotuses bursting out of the ground, and then a rain of blood fell from the sky.

This demon was completely different from the other Dwarf Demons. It was extremely powerful and resonated with demonic nature. Its cultivation speed was extremely fast, and it could learn almost any demonic art after hearing it once. Moreover, its proficiency surpassed that of other demons who had cultivated bitterly for decades.

Dwarf Abandoned's trademark was to turn into a black lotus that could suddenly appear and cut and destroy everything. At this moment, Gu Chensha followed Dark Armor Foolishness and left the Nether Iron Stronghold. Evidently, this gathering of many high-level races was a secret joint meeting.

If Gu Chensha could take advantage of this opportunity to kill these important figures in the demon race and shift the blame to the midget demon race, he would be able to cause internal strife. Dark Armor Foolishness gradually flew into the depths of the Demon Realm. The depths of the Demon Realm became ancient and vicissitudes.

At this time, Gu Chensha made his move. His body changed slightly, and he had already turned into a pitch-black lotus. He struck out soundlessly like a bolt of lightning. Whoosh! This black lotus had already reached Dark Armor Foolishness's head.

Dark Armor Foolishness suddenly came back to his senses and saw the black lotus pressing down like a world-destroying vortex. All of his magic power could not be used.

"Black lotus!

Dwarf Abandoned, how dare you … "He had already recognized whose ultimate technique this was. Unfortunately, he could only say a few syllables before the black lotus completely drowned him. Gu Chensha had killed him in one move.

Gu Chensha had now cultivated the Heavenly Dao Law quality. Even if it was the Twenty Transformations, it would still be very easy for him to kill the Undying Body. He could now kill the Desolate Ape, who was at the Vajra level, in one strike.

Back then, on Mount Minor Meru, Gu Chensha had yet to cultivate the Heavenly Dao Arts, but he was already evenly matched with the Ape Race's Patriarch, Ape Desolation. At that time, Gu Chensha was at the Dao Realm Nineteen Transformation.

On the other hand, Gu Chensha, who had successfully cultivated the Heavenly Dao Art, had a combat strength that was many times stronger than when he was at the Nineteen Transformations. When he activated all kinds of martial arts, the power he could unleash was incomparable.

The Heavenly Dao was a quality of magic power that no one had been able to cultivate since ancient times. The power that it could display was definitely not something that cultivators could understand or imagine.

Gu Chensha activated this black lotus, and as it descended from the sky, how could the Monolith Technique grade Dark Armor, Fool's Strike, be able to resist? In just a single encounter, his consciousness had been destroyed and refined into a talisman.

Gu Chensha had obtained many memories from his body, perfecting the contents of the Maha Suppression Scripture.

As one of the higher-ups of the Dark Armor Great Demon race, Fool's Strike was second only to the Demon God, so he had grasped many contents of the Maha Suppression Scripture.

After obtaining the contents of the scripture, Gu Chensha's understanding of the demonic nature deepened by a lot.

He had killed Dark Armor Fool and Fool's Strike. These two people were the absolute higher-ups of the Dark Armor Great Demons, which was equivalent to someone killing two of the Imperial Court's Three Dukes and Eight Marquises. This would definitely cause a huge uproar.

However, he wasn't satisfied. Instead, he followed the Dark Armor Fool's Strike's memories and ran to the gathering location. He pretended to be a dwarf and Die Abandoning, causing internal strife among the demons. The gathering location was in an ancient, broken temple.

This broken temple was originally used to worship the Maha God, but the Maha God was sealed, so the temple slowly fell into disuse.

Gu Chensha turned into demonic energy and hid. As expected, there were three experts of the demon race waiting in the temple.

One of them was a girl. She had a human head and a snake body. She had six arms and was actually the Six Armed Snake Demon. Her cultivation was really strong and she actually had the 24 Dao Realm Transformation, Future Peering. Unfortunately, no matter how much she could peer into the future, she couldn't see Gu Chensha.

Apart from that, there was another demon who was a ball of blood light. The blood light condensed into a blood-colored eyeball. This was an expert of the Blood Demon race and he actually had the Undying Body.

The last one was actually an old man with the highest cultivation. He was dressed in a black robe and had dragon horns on his head. His aura was deep like an abyss and no one knew his background.

"Amazing, this is an expert of the Demon Dragon race, Dao Realm 26 Transformations, 10,000 Techniques Return to One!

Even if I face such an expert, I will need to use a series of methods and fight for a long time before I can defeat him. If he has any treasures, I won't be able to take them down. Of course, it is impossible for him to injure or defeat me. "

Gu Chensha originally wanted to rush out and kill these people, but when he saw the demonic dragon elder, he immediately stopped.

He calculated that if he charged up, it would be easy to kill the Blood Demon and Six Armed Snake Demon. But to deal with this old man, he would need half a day.

Many things could happen in half a day and it was enough to attract the attention of many Demon God experts. When the time came, it wouldn't be worth it to alert the enemy.

"Let's not do anything and see what happens. I killed the Dark Armor Foolish Kill and the news won't be hidden for long. If the Dark Armor Race and the Dwarf Demon Race fall out, I will have a chance. Let's wait. "Gu Chensha was really patient. He was really patient and if he wasn't, he wouldn't have lived until now.

"Why isn't the Dark Armor Foolish Kill here yet?"

The Six Armed Snake Demon waited for a long time and frowned. "He was the one who started it. Is he messing with us?" "With the Dark Armor Foolish Kill's personality, he wouldn't do this."

The old man divined but didn't see anything. "Things are a little strange. I can't see what he's doing." "Will there be a problem if we continue to wait?"

The Blood Demon expert sent out a mental wave. "The Dark Armor Foolish Kill is very strict. This is a big matter that we are meeting to discuss. He definitely won't break the appointment."

"Not good!" After a while, the old man seemed to receive the news. "The Dark Armor Foolish Kill is dead!

The doppelganger he had left behind in the Nethermetal Stronghold had also suddenly disappeared. It had been struck by an extremely powerful curse. Someone had killed his original body and attacked his doppelganger. It was done by a gnome outcast of the gnome race. " "How dare you!"

The Blood Demon expert trembled. "The Dwarf Demon Race is too arrogant. The Dwarf Death Abandon dares to attack us? Are they trying to show off?"

"The Dark Armor Foolish Kill is the one who initiated this meeting. It seems that the matter of us joining forces to deal with the Dwarf Demon Race has been leaked. The Dwarf Demon Race attacked first, and the Dark Armor Foolish Kill didn't sense any danger. This means that a Demon God, or even a Demon Saint, has reversed the calculations of the heavens." The old man looked terrified. "Let's go back immediately." Whoosh! He disappeared.

"This old man's cultivation is higher than ours. He runs much faster than us." The Blood Demon expert and the Six Armed Snake Demon frowned. They were also preparing to leave.

However, a huge black lotus enveloped them, and the two experts were immediately plunged into boundless darkness. Even the clones and imprints they had left in the Nether Iron Fortress were destroyed by some mysterious curse.

After Gu Chensha cultivated to the Heaven Path Grade, he was able to use the Heaven Witch Curse Killing Technique easily. He was even better than Zhuge Ya. After killing the two experts, Gu Chensha left right away.

After he left, a few dozen breaths later, a few Demon God-level hands violently grabbed him, but to no avail. Gu Chensha had long escaped without a trace.

The Demon Gods couldn't deduce where he was. Moreover, the aura he left was that of the Dwarf Death Abandon.

"Very good, very good. I killed four experts in a row. Two of them were demons with undying bodies. One used the Boulder Technique and the other used the Dust Technique. The two of them added together aren't as good as that Ape Desolate.

But no matter what, it is still a Dao Realm 25 Transformation Undying Body. If the Heaven Demon Tree absorbs it, it will at least gain 10-8 years of growth. "

Gu Chensha knew that he had severely weakened the strength of the Demon Race. As for how chaotic they would be, it wasn't something he could control.

He changed again and went back the way he came. When he arrived at the broken seal of the Bottomless Sea of Sin, he found that the millions of demonic energy in the Dark Iron Fortress had started to scatter. It was obvious that the Demon Race was blaming each other and didn't unite.

"They actually didn't fight? It seems like there is a Demon God level expert suppressing them. "

Gu Chensha frowned. The battle between the Devil Clan and the Devil Clan that he was looking forward to did not happen. If there was a battle, then he could take advantage of the chaos and kill more experts. Obviously, his wish didn't come true. The Demon Gods and Demon Saints of the Demon Race seemed to be negotiating with each other. Of course, they didn't cooperate and were on their own. This slowed down the speed of the Demon Disaster.

"Could it be that I can't stop the Demon Race's alliance even after killing so many higher-ups of the Demon Race? It seems like I can only get the Prison Suppressing Black Stele. "

Gu Chensha crawled out from the broken seal because he realized that many Demon God level experts had sent out their thoughts and started to use stronger methods to seal this place. If he didn't go out now, it would be very difficult for him to leave.

Of course, he could use the Common People's Wish sphere to tear the space, but this would alarm the Demon God level experts, and they would know that it was the Calm Immortal Department who was playing tricks.

He decided to go back and cultivate. He wanted to raise his realm to the 22 Transformations, the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth. That way, when he transformed, he would truly never regress. Right now, he could only call it a simulation. After he reached the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth, he would truly transform.

Moreover, he didn't need much time to break through to the 22 Transformations, and he didn't have any bottlenecks.

Even his puppet, the General of Common People, had cultivated the final transformation of the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth, the River of All Creation.