Chapter 349
===========

Last time, Gu Huo wasn't able to refine Gu Chensha. Instead, he was sneak attacked and nearly died. Although it was a blessing in disguise, he comprehended the deepest secrets of disaster and was nurtured by the Xuanhuang Dragon Emperor, allowing him to cultivate to his current realm.

But his failure at the hands of Gu Chensha was, after all, a shadow in his heart. If he refined Gu Chensha this time, then he would have completed his mission and gotten rid of his psychological barrier. His cultivation was the highest out of the four of them.

Gu Chensha closed his eyes and constricted once more. This way, he could last a little longer. But that was just it. It was basically impossible for him to fight back and escape. One could say that if nothing went wrong, he would definitely die. But he wouldn't fall into the trap so easily. Naturally, he had a plan and a plan. He was just waiting.

"Little bastard, stop struggling." Elder Wangji laughed viciously, "How long do you think you can last? I've seen through all your little tricks. "

As he sent out his thoughts, he circulated his magic power and released the Five Elements Great Thunder, which shook the heavens.

"I didn't expect someone at the 17th transformation to be so hard to deal with."

Xiao Yan's expression was ugly, "With his talent, he's practically a natural born Saint. Even if it's Fa Wuxian, he wouldn't be able to survive the combined attacks of all of us at the 17th transformation." That was really unbelievable.

Logically speaking, an expert who cultivated the Golden Core of the Great Dao could totally suppress someone at the 17th transformation and could even deal with two or three of them.

As for experts at the 19th transformation, even 10 at the 17th transformation would find it hard to deal with them.

If one was at the 20th transformation, Gather and Disperse Impermanence, then numbers wouldn't matter at all. As for the 21st and 22nd transformations, they wouldn't stand a chance at all. If news of Gu Chensha's battle results spread out, it would shock the Celestial Path. Weng …

Numerous rainbows appeared in the sky and all sorts of lightning exploded. The energy of disaster was about to turn the entire demon region into nothingness. The four experts started to use their final methods to try and refine Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha used his own soul to form the outer shell of the Common People's Wish ball, but there was only a thin layer left. His situation was as dangerous as a pile of eggs, and he would die soon. At this moment, at the most crucial moment. Countless cultivation methods suddenly appeared in Gu Chensha's mind.

It was actually the later part of the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art. He had learned Sun and Moon Refining, Sun and Moon Transformation, Sun and Moon Slaughter, Sun and Moon Dragon, Sun and Moon Talisman, Sun and Moon Sacrifice …

As for the last four styles, Sun and Moon Emptiness, Sun and Moon Deity, and Sun and Moon Lumen, he had yet to learn them. Because at that time, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman had already flown away.

But now, these three great cultivation techniques had actually flowed into his sea of consciousness. It was obvious that Wu Dangkong had performed a great sacrifice. Meanwhile.

All of a sudden, a tremendous amount of power surged out of his body. In the depths of his sea of consciousness, a wave of pure magic power surged out. That's right, it was magic power.

This magic power was not the magic power cultivated by any cultivation method, but a kind of power extracted from the naked Heavenly Law. It was the king of magic power. This was not a magic power that could be cultivated by humans. Only by offering sacrifices to the Heavenly Law could one obtain this king of magic power.

Even if one used the Son of Heaven Investiture Art, one could not cultivate this king of magic power.

The moment this magic power flowed into Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness, it began to circulate throughout his body and stored in his acupoints. Then, it began to nourish his physical body, breaking down into his own Earth Energy, Primordial Spirit, and the power of his flesh and blood.

In between breaths, Gu Chensha was in a trance. He felt like he could see the endless mysteries of hundreds of dimensions. His own Primordial Spirit seemed to have signed a contract with hundreds of worlds, and they had an inseparable connection. Be it the absorption of energy or the setting up of formations, they were all a hundred times stronger than before.

"This is the Dharmaraja's Ritual, and the Hundred Realms Ritual. The so-called Dharmaraja's Ritual is when one cultivates to the Twenty Transformations of the Dao Realm. One refines one's own magic power and sacrifices it with the Emperor's Qi, offering it to the Heavenly Law to obtain the profound meaning of the Dharmaraja. In other words, it is the power of the origin of all laws. When one fuses it into one's body, one's magic power can suppress all other magic power. It is extremely nourishing for one's body, and one's future cultivation will be smooth sailing!

"Apart from that, the Hundred Realms Ritual uses one's body to sign a contract with hundreds of huge worlds. Not only will one's soul and Primordial Spirit be more familiar with the many worlds, one will also be able to absorb a hundred times more energy than usual after breathing."

In the depths of Gu Chensha's consciousness, he instantly understood that Wu Dangkong had used the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman to carry out three great rituals. The first was the ritual to obtain the cultivation method, the second was the Dharmaraja's Ritual, and the third was the Hundred Realms Ritual. These rituals all required a large amount of Emperor's Qi. Where did she get all this Emperor's Qi? However, he did not have time to think about it.

All he knew was that no matter how much Wudang Kong gained, he would also gain the same amount of benefits.

The three High Priests immediately entered his body, especially the Dharmaraja's Ritual, which poured the king of Dharmic Power directly into his sea of consciousness, and then filled his entire body.

The quality of Dharmic Power was far higher than that of Primordial Spirit Power, Connate Stellar Power, and even Core Power, not to mention the power of the king of Dharmic Power.

According to ancient legends, the Dharmaraja's Ritual could immediately transform a cultivator's aura. Not only would it improve the quality of their cultivation method, it would also give them the ability to suppress all magical techniques.

In other words, after performing the Dharmaraja's Ritual, even if someone else cultivated some sort of supreme magical technique, they would still be suppressed by you.

This was how people born with great magic would naturally be countered by people with even greater magic.

As for the Hundred Realms Ritual, it was because Gu Chensha's breathing was connected to the Spiritual Realm, the Immortal Realm, and the other dimensions. The Immortal Qi and Spiritual Qi in them moved almost instantaneously, directly entering his body. In the past, it would take him several days to gather energy, but now, he could gather it all in an instant. These rituals were the power of the Heavenly Dao. Even Sages could not do this for their disciples.

After obtaining the power of the three rituals, the power of the king of Dharmic Power broke down in Gu Chensha's body. In an instant, it gathered at the Tanzhong acupoint on his chest, forming a Golden Core.

It was very difficult to convert low-level powers like Primordial Spirit Power and Connate Stellar Power into Core Qi. However, it was very easy to use the king of Dharmic Power, a power that only the Heavenly Dao possessed, to form a Golden Core. Dharmic Power itself was of a higher level than Core Qi. It was much cheaper to convert high-level powers into low-level powers.

Gu Chensha first used the power of the King of Dharma Power to refine his body, making it extremely sturdy. Then, he combined the King of Dharma Power with his Primordial Spirit and Innate Gang Qi, instantly forming a Golden Core in his body.

At the same time, enlightenment of the Sun-Moon Void, Sun-Moon God, Sun-Moon Luminous, and the Dao of Sun and Moon enabled the Son of Heaven's God-Bestowal Art, Sun-Moon Shine Together. After the Golden Core was formed, his fleshly body began to transform.

His fleshly body contained the power of space and time, and was also a Sun-Moon Dragon Body. You could say that not even Sages could have fleshly bodies as strong as his. Sizzle. Sizzle.

The moment the Golden Core formed, Gu Chensha circulated the power of the Golden Core throughout his body. His fleshly body shrank inch by inch, and his power condensed. Unexpectedly, he broke through to the nineteenth transformation, Size Manipulation.

"Hahaha! Lord of Seven Stars Jiang Gongwang's Scattered Core Soul-Nourishing Magic really is reliable. If I hadn't scattered the incomplete Core Qi and absorbed it into my acupoints, then I wouldn't have been able to break through to Size Manipulation." Gu Chensha's series of transformations had all been part of his plan. He had known that Zhuge Ya would come up with some sort of plan.

How could he ever have guessed that Zhuge Ya would actually have Wu Dangkong sacrificed himself? That way, he would be able to gain more power, and at the same time, he would be able to pull the wool over everyone's eyes.

If Zhuge Ya had come himself, he would likely have fallen into the trap of some of the old-timers behind the scenes. Even if he had used the Life Wish sphere, it would have been cut off.

But the power of the sacrifice to the heavens was something that no one could cut off, not even Sages.

With the power of the sacrifice, Gu Chensha formed his Golden Core, and his fleshly body shrank. In the blink of an eye, he had broken through the eighteen Great Dao Gold Core transformations.

The four experts were about to completely refine Gu Chensha, but all of a sudden, they felt Gu Chensha's power collapse and disappear. No one knew what was going on. At that moment, Gu Chensha had already turned into a speck of dust. A speck of dust that couldn't be seen with the naked eye. This was the pinnacle of the Dao Realm's Size Manipulation! Whoosh! Gu Chensha had shrunk into a speck of dust, and his power had been condensed to the extreme. Any formation attack would be torn apart.

"Not good!"

Elder Wang Ji was the first to sense the huge killing intent surging towards him. In his eyes, he saw a speck of dust appear in front of him. In an instant, it turned into Gu Chensha and punched.

He was at the twenty-first Dao Realm Transformation, and his body had turned into the Five Elements. In a one-on-one fight, even Gu Chensha at the seventeenth Dao Realm Transformation could kill him, let alone Gu Chensha at the nineteenth Dao Realm Transformation. Ah!

He screamed and his entire body exploded. Gu Chensha had destroyed everything with one fist. Gu Chensha was someone who had refined the Skeleton Demon Emperor at the twenty-first Dao Realm Transformation, so he was really familiar with this.

Gu Chensha's fist was domineering and ferocious, and it carried the imposing aura of overturning the world and overturning the will of the heavens. It moved like a dragon and swallowed a hundred worlds, drew upon the vast Origin Energy of a hundred worlds, and crushed down from midair.

In the instant that Elder Wangji exploded, he grabbed him in his hand and gathered him into a five-colored sarira. His magic power and Five Elements Vital Energy had been refined. Elder Wang Ji was killed just like that.

"Be careful!" Jing Fanxing retreated. He instinctively sensed danger and was unable to react in time.

At that moment, after Gu Chensha killed Elder Wang Ji, he turned around and appeared in front of Xiao Yan. He punched too.

Xiao Yan's expression was terrifying, and it seemed like he wanted to suppress Gu Chensha. However, in front of Gu Chensha's fist, he had no idea how to block it. It was like a mortal facing the power of nature, which could collapse mountains and seas. He was completely powerless and insignificant. Peng!