Chapter 412
===========

"It really is the Ancient Ten Thousand Witchcraft Killing Curse!"

Ape Desolation roared. "I will not compromise! You want us apes to be your slaves? You must be dreaming! Why must I kill you?"

"If that's the case, let's see how long you can hold out. If you're careless and don't use your incarnation, we won't be able to use the Curse Technique on you. This incarnation of yours contains about a tenth of your magic power. It can be used as a medium for our Curse Technique."

Zhuge Ya took out another long needle from the Life's Wish sphere. It was also refined from fusion elemental energy.

This needle was not made of any kind of energy, but rather a curse. In other words, it was made from something as illusory as karmic luck. It could only be refined from fusion elemental energy. Zhuge Ya took the needle and stabbed it into the little man made of twigs.

In the depths of the Wildlands, the Ape Desolation leaped up into the air and then fell to the ground. Its entire body seemed to be crawling with tiny bugs. They were not real bugs, but rather, a mysterious curse from ancient times. If you looked closely, you would see that the bugs were actually ancient characters, filled with the power to distort fate and erode magic.

Even though Ape Desolation was an expert with an undying body, he could not withstand the power of the curse.

The main reason for this was that he had allowed his Dharmic Incarnation to fall into the hands of the Celestial Pacification Department. The Dharmic Incarnation contained an enormous amount of magic power. As a result, he had used it as a medium to be controlled by others.

If the Celestial Pacification Department had not obtained this Dharmic Incarnation, they would not have been able to do anything.

The lowest level of Curse Technique among the common folk required a person's fingernails, hair, birth date, and the Dao of Feng Shui. Only then could a curse be laid down.

The principle was actually very simple. Gu Chensha had learned about it a long time ago. It was nothing more than using a person's fingernails and hair as a medium to attract evil energy and vengeful spirits to corrode the person's body.

This Ten Thousand Witchcraft Killing Curse was a supreme art. It was not that low-level. It was a vicious curse refined from fusion elemental energy and transmitted to the person's body through a medium.

Refining and disintegrating fusion elemental energy was the ability of a god. One had to reach the Creation Realm in order to activate it.

However, Zhuge Ya had used the power of the Sphere of the Common People's Wish, the Heavenly Demon Tree Sapling, and the Taiyi Pearl — three supreme treasures. With the help of their profoundness, he was able to activate the curse that only gods could activate.

"The power of this curse is extremely powerful. Even I can't completely control it. If you still don't agree, I can only continue to curse you to death."

Zhuge Ya said, "Desolate Ape, even if you don't die this time, after being cursed, your mana will be greatly damaged and your cultivation will regress. From then on, you will never be able to peek into a higher realm. Why bother?"

"I, Ape Desolation, am not one to be frightened. If you have what it takes, then go ahead and use it. Let's see if you can kill me." A holy and pure aura emerged from Ape Desolation's body, suppressing the curse power.

Unfortunately, this was only treating the symptoms and not the root cause. Zhuge Ya then took out another needle and stabbed it viciously. In an instant, the holy aura on Ape Desolation's body was dispersed, enveloped by the pitch-black runes of cursed bugs.

The curse could continuously devour his own mana and essence energy, turning them into a curse mark that landed in Zhuge Ya's hands. This way, he could obtain all the mana on this person. This was the power of the Qiong Xing's curse.

Even the three Heavenly Lords were extremely afraid of the Qiong Xing's technique. How could Ape Desolation resist it?

"Mister Zhuge, this Ape Desolation is the leader of the Ape race. If he were to submit, our Calming Deities Department would immediately obtain great wealth and a decent force. It's a pity that from the looks of it, he would rather die than submit."

Old Fourth frowned. "I just don't believe that the ape would sacrifice himself for the sake of the clan, considering all the good fortune he's come across, all the enlightenment he's gained, and all the bitter cultivation he's had."

"Looks like the threat to him isn't enough. If that's the case, then let him truly feel the threat of death. Kill Curse!"

Another seven black needles appeared in Zhuge Ya's hands, and he suddenly stabbed them into the little person's body made of leaves and branches. Crack!

In the mountain cave, Ape Desolation's entire body seemed like it was about to explode. Finally, it couldn't take it anymore and let out a miserable shriek.

"Ape Desolation, if you still don't submit, I'll kill you. You can't resist this curse! "

Zhuge Ya said, "This curse activates the innate curse of the chaotic energy. It's pervasive, targeting the flaws in your bloodline and mana. You haven't reached the God's Realm yet, and you don't know how to use the chaotic energy. There's no way you can remove this curse."

"Don't even think about it. You humans want to use a curse to control me? Dream on! I won't let you have your way even if I die! Do you think this curse can do anything to me?

As far as I'm concerned, this is a trial. If I can survive this tribulation, then I'll be able to advance even further. "Ape Desolation was still struggling bitterly.

"How stubborn!" Zhuge Ya was just about to kill it. All of a sudden, a monkey appeared in the depths of the Wildlands.

The monkey was ridiculously old, but its eyes shone with divine light, as if it could see through all the ghosts and gods in heaven and earth, as well as the underworld and the nine levels of the underworld.

As soon as the old monkey appeared, it made a grabbing motion with its five fingers. Ape Desolation's curse was suddenly pulled out of its body. It let out a miserable shriek as it landed on its hand. Then it clenched its fist. Bang!

The little person made of leaves in Zhuge Ya's hand exploded into powder, and Ape Desolation's incarnation began to dissipate.

"One of the Four Divine Apes, the Ghost Ape of Yin-Yang?" Zhuge Ya reached out, and the dissipating incarnation once again gathered together. That energy took the form of an old monkey.

The old monkey's eyes were filled with the power of the netherworld. If it weren't for the suppression of the Common Life's Wish sphere, the Immortal Calmness Department would have been destroyed.

"Lord of Seven Stars, you've gone too far. Always leave a way out, and it'll be easier for us to meet again in the future.

How did Jiang Gongwang perish? Don't tell me you're not vigilant? "The old monkey used some unknown technique to make its will appear.

"The Ghost Ape of Yin-Yang."

Zhuge Ya laughed. "I thought you'd die of old age. I never would have guessed you'd still be alive. You rank third among the Four Divine Apes. You know yin and yang, can divine the workings of heaven, and mediate good fortune. You're the best at divining all sorts of things. Unfortunately, your lifespan is nearing its end. I'm afraid you'll die in a few decades, maybe even a hundred years.

"Lord of Seven Stars, I just don't want our Ape Clan Chief to die because of your curse," said the Ghost Ape of Yin-Yang. "Your Immortal Calmness Department has been going too far lately." "Is that so?"

Zhuge Ya smiled broadly. "The Yao and Barbarian armies are gathering at the border, ready to attack at any moment. Once the Devil Apocalypse erupts, your Ape Clan will destroy us humans. Since ancient times, the Ape Clan has sacrificed countless humans to the Demon Apes of Chaos. Do you dare say you're going too far?" "What do you want? Do you really want to exterminate the Ape Clan?

This Endless Mainland is extremely vast. It's not impossible for our Ape race to migrate to other places. However, since your Immortal Placating Department has offended our Ape race, you'll have to face the wrath of our vengeance. "The voice of the old monkey of the Yin Yang Ghost Ape was extremely sinister.

"If we don't provoke you, you'll push your luck. Do you really think you can coexist peacefully with us humans?"

Gu Chensha chuckled coldly. "Go ahead and attack us, Ghost Ape. Let's see if you can do anything to us. Also, let me give you a word of advice: don't get involved with Li Wanlong and the others. It won't do you any good for your Ape Clan. Aren't you nearing the end of your lifespan?

It's simple. Join the imperial court, and His Majesty can extend your lifespan by a thousand years with a single decree. Look at the Wu Clan patriarch. He's just like you, with only a few decades left in his lifespan. He could die at any moment. But His Majesty just gave him a decree, granting him a thousand years to live. He's as lively as a dragon and as lively as a tiger. " "That's right."

Zhuge Ya knew how tempting this was to the Ghost Ape of Yin-Yang. "You should know, Ghost Ape, that our Immortal Calmness Department is the true pillar of our nation's destiny. We're also the organization that Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman truly trusts. If we ask, getting you a decree won't be a problem at all."

"I know about that old bastard from the Wu Clan. Ghost Axe and Godcraft should've died long ago, but they're still alive and well."

The Ghost Ape's eyes flickered, as if he were calculating something. "If you really can get me a decree that can extend my lifespan by a thousand years, then we old-timers of the Ape Clan might actually be willing to work with you." "Not work with you," said the Ghost Ape.

"In the future, the imperial court will sweep across the lands. Immortals, devils, demons, and immortals will all be under its rule. That's a necessary order. Otherwise, heaven and earth will be thrown into chaos, filled with slaughter and tribulations. When will there ever be peace? If the Ape Clan refuses to submit, then they'll be exterminated. There's no other way. " "What a big tone."

When the Ghost Ape heard this, he didn't get angry. Instead, he continued in his sinister voice, "Although I'm going to die soon, I have a few tricks up my sleeve that can make you suffer grievous losses. Unless you, Lord of Seven Stars, hide in this ball forever and never come out, as soon as you come out, I'm one hundred percent sure I can kill you. Do you believe me?" "I believe you."

Zhuge Ya didn't doubt him at all. "Your cultivation base should be above the Dao Realm Thirty Transformations. You can easily break the curse, and you know how to use primordial chaos energy. No one in our Immortal Calmness Department is a match for you. But the reason you haven't done anything yet is probably because you've foreseen some danger.

The Ghost Ape can read the workings of heaven and sense danger. If you attack the Immortal Calmness Department, you'll probably die immediately. Am I right? "