Chapter 423
===========

"Shh …" After another month, 3,600 Common Life Divine Generals appeared by Gu Chensha's side. These Divine Generals gathered together and formed a large formation. They swallowed and swallowed each other, growing stronger and stronger as they nurtured stronger and stronger spirituality.

If possible, Gu Chensha wanted to refine 36,000 or even 360,000 of them. The more puppets there were, the more powerful they would be.

However, his mind was only focused. If he condensed too many Common Life Divine Generals, it would be difficult to control them.

Of course, puppets actually had their own consciousness and could do many things. However, this required a long period of nurturing and training. Apart from this, in battle, the puppets had to be one with their master's mind, or else they would be taken away by others.

Last time in the Demon Domain, Gu Chensha had taken away the Skeleton Demon Emperor's Divine General Maha.

If he let these Common Life Divine Generals do things like developing, forging, condensing, and planting, these things would be easy. However, when experts fought, they would be easily taken away.

Right now, the 3,600 Common Life Divine Generals were just right. They were still within Gu Chensha's control. His Divine Will could completely control them. If there were more, his control would not be perfect and they would be taken away by others.

Moreover, it had already been too long. If he still did not go to Little Meru Mountain, he would be laughed at by the Ape race.

"Divine Generals Return to One!"

He used his Divine Will and immediately, the 3,600 Common Life Divine Generals turned into 3,600 drops of liquid and entered his body's acupoints. This was just being stored and not fusing into his body. Gu Chensha's body was already full and did not need any Essence Qi. Whoosh! Gu Chensha flew up and left this place, heading into the depths of the Boorish Wilderness.

Little Meru Mountain's location was very special. It was originally an ancient sky pillar and had been occupied by the Four Great Apes. They cultivated there and obtained many benefits.

The sky pillar contained the Fate of Heaven and Earth and the essence of Heaven and Earth. These things gathered here could occupy important positions. From this, one could see how powerful the Ape race was.

Of course, the Chaotic World Demon Ape was the main Ape race. They had many fortuitous encounters, which was why they could occupy this sacred land.

Gu Chensha flew much faster. He passed through the Boorish Wilderness and gradually entered the depths. As expected, it was very different from Eastern Wilderness.

The Eastern Wasteland was filled with verdant mountains and limpid waters. Although most of the mountains were towering and precipitous, they were filled with spirituality. The Savage Wasteland was filled with dense forests, wild and demonic. Comparing the two, Gu Chensha had a deeper understanding of the mountains and rivers. In the north was the Boorish Wilderness, and in the west was the ocean. In the south was the Boorish Wilderness, while in East was where Celestials gathered. In the Divine Great Land, there were many mortals living in the center. Why could mortals occupy the Celestials? Humans seemed to be of the Celestials? Heaven, humans seemed to be the Humans were the Spirits? Why did the human race encounter so many natural disasters and chaos once it became prosperous?

Over the past few days, Gu Chensha had been running between the mountains and rivers, shuttling back and forth, observing the various states of the world. He had also made some achievements in tempering his mind. He was thinking about some secrets of time at all times.

After flying for four or five days, he caught sight of an enormous mountain in the depths of the Wildlands. It was like a heavenly pillar, piercing through the clouds and then vanishing into the void.

Whether it was in the Boorish Wilderness or Eastern Wilderness, there were countless mountains that pierced through the clouds. However, Gu Chensha could see the peak of all of them. After all, there was a limit to how tall a mountain could be.

As for the mountain in front of them, it had pierced through the sky and entered a void. One could vaguely see the void turbulence tearing the mountain apart, but it was unable to do anything to the mountain.

The entire mountain was perfectly straight. It really was like an unparalleled god had erected a pillar to support the sky. This was Minor Mount Meru.

Gu Chensha felt that even if he had the power to move mountains and fill the seas, it would be impossible for him to move this pillar.

"It really is Mount Meru. The Three Great Ape Gods live here, and all of them are God level experts. None of them are people that I can deal with right now. This place is like a dragon's pool and a tiger's den. However, I still want to give it a try. I hope that I can encounter some danger and stimulate my potential, allowing me to break through. Right now, I'm only one step away."

Gu Chensha knew his own cultivation. He was at the peak of the Dao Realm's 19 changes. As long as he comprehended some changes, he would be able to break through to 20 and turn it into spiritual energy. But this monster had sudden inspiration.

If he cultivated spiritual energy, then it would definitely be of the Heaven Path Technique quality. His combat strength would increase by at least 10 times.

Moreover, if he cultivated spiritual energy, he would be able to use the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique and other martial arts. It was much stronger than using pill energy. One could say that spiritual energy was the true start of the Celestial Path.

Normal cultivators could only comprehend the Celestial World after cultivating spiritual energy. They would absorb celestial energy into their bodies and the efficiency would increase. It was much higher than spiritual energy.

Laws were the power of laws. Only when one understood this power would they be able to use their techniques to their fullest.

For example, after Gu Chensha cultivated spiritual energy, the Common People God General he refined wouldn't be as strong as it was now. Instead, it would be more exquisite, filled with killing power and intelligence.

Mortal Realm martial arts masters reached the first transformation of the Dao Realm, 'Eating Energy and Fasting'. This was a huge change. They were above the common people, absorbing spiritual energy. This was the beginning of transcendence. The most crucial step was that they didn't have to run around for three meals a day.

In one's life, if one didn't have to run around for three meals a day, then one would be able to release one's life.

Then, from the fifth transformation, Spirit Gathering Hundred Orifices to the sixth transformation, Refine Energy into Energy. From the brute strength of the body to Xiantian Energy was a huge change. Then, from the thirteenth transformation, Demon Swallowing and Ghost Eating to the fourteenth transformation, Soul Projection, was also a huge change. Next was the 17th, from the Dao Splitting Soul Division to the 18th, Great Dao Golden Core.

However, none of these changes were as great as the changes from the nineteenth transformation to the twentieth transformation, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence. He had to succeed in cultivating such a change.

Gu Chensha didn't fly into Little Meru Mountain right away. Instead, he landed in the distance and hid. He hid his body.

Little Meru Mountain was surrounded by a dense forest. There were mountains all around and the scenery had been modified. It was similar to Eastern Wilderness. There were waterfalls and there were even more fruit trees. Peach trees.

The surroundings of Mount Meru were filled with peach trees. These peach trees were all Purplish Green Immortal Peaches!

Purple Green Peaches bloomed every 30 years and bore fruit every 30 years. They only matured after 30 years.

The Purple Green Peaches here seemed to mature every year. They were no different from normal peach trees.

In the mountain forest here, many apes scuttled back and forth in the mountain forest, plucking those peaches and sending them into Mount Meru.

Some of these monkeys had white fur, some golden fur, and some seven-colored fur. Apart from that, there was a stone monkey that looked like it was carved out of jade. Gu Chensha knew that this was the bloodline of the Thousand Transformation Stone Ape.

The Thousand Transformation Stone Ape was born from stone, similar to Marquis Dushi. However, Marquis Dushi was born after his mother slept next to a spirit stone and felt the spirit stone's essence energy.

"Little Meru Mountain is indeed extraordinary. The surrounding Purple Green Peaches are affected. Not only do they bloom and bear fruit faster, but the effects are also much better."

Gu Chensha saw that there was another peach tree in the middle of every thousand Purple Green Peaches. They were seven-colored and emitted rainbow-like light. Rainbow peaches formed on them.

"This is the Rainbow Immortal Peach Tree. It's much more mysterious than the Purple Green Peaches. Rumor has it that it blooms every 300 years, bears fruit every 300 years, and matures every 300 years."

Gu Chensha nodded inwardly. "The Purple Green Peach Forest here is at least a few thousand miles wide. How many peaches can it bear every year? Not to mention how many spirit herbs are growing on Little Meru Mountain. "

Gu Chensha then looked towards Little Mount Meru, and discovered that there were even more spirit medicines growing on the mountain. The soil on the enormous and strangely tall mountain was a kind of heavenly green color that carried a divine fragrance. This was "Heaven Soil", and it was a level higher than Celestial Soil.

Countless spirit herbs grew on the mountain and swayed with the wind. There were even some ginseng that turned into white and chubby dolls rolling around.

He hid his body and observed in the dark. He walked towards Little Meru Mountain step by step and soon arrived at the entrance of the mountain path.

Mount Meru was straight up, and the mountain road was like a ladder. Humans couldn't climb it, only apes and monkeys could climb it.

Many monkeys scuttled back and forth on the mountain. Some of them collected spirit medicines and brought them into caves. Faintly, one could see some old monkeys concocting pills in those caves.

There seemed to be many caves inside Little Meru Mountain. It was like a maze with many monkeys living there.

Before Gu Chensha got close to Little Meru Mountain, he felt that the whole mountain was enveloped by a restrictive spell.

It was a restriction set up by a Deity rank expert. With his current cultivation, he couldn't force his way through.

"It seems that my cultivation has improved a bit. Even a Deity rank expert can't find me with my invisibility." Gu Chensha nodded inwardly. He wasn't prepared to use the three talismans.

This was his last resort. Today, he came to sign a contract with the three godly apes. If they had evil intentions, then he would use peaceful means before resorting to force.

Standing at the entrance of Little Meru Mountain, he had long since familiarized himself with the surroundings. He made many deductions in his mind before releasing some of his aura.

The moment he released his aura, at the peak of Little Meru Mountain, deep in the void, it immediately sensed something and let out a thunderous sound that shook the earth. Many monkeys were scared and scurried in all directions. They seemed to feel the wrath of the gods.

A voice came down, "I didn't expect the Tranquil Immortal Department to come so late. We've waited for more than a month." This voice didn't belong to the Yin Yang Ghost Ape. It was very violent and full of killing intent.

"The Fourth, he's a guest. Don't be rash. He's a guest I invited. "This voice belonged to the Yin Yang Ghost Ape.

"Interesting. This little guy is interesting. What a strong body." This voice should belong to the second ranked Thousand Transformations Stone Ape.

Among the four godly apes, the Chaotic Demonic Ape ranked first, the Thousand Transformations Stone Ape second, the Yin Yang Ghost Ape third, and the Diamond Fighting Ape fourth. The violent voice that spoke first was obviously the Diamond Fighting Ape. Gu Chensha didn't say anything and waited quietly.