Chapter 613
===========

The giant claw was a dragon claw. The claw was pure azure in color. When the claw appeared, the entire broken God Nation was filled with vitality. That was the Azure Dragon, a Sage-level Azure Dragon.

The Azure Dragon in the Celestial Tranquility Department was far more powerful than the little Azure Dragon.

It was the Azure Dragon in the depths of the Black Heaven Earth Sect, the leader of the four sacred beasts. It had reached the level of Free Form Transformation. The Azure Dragon was even more powerful than the leader of the Black Heaven Earth Sect.

He had been hiding in the Black Heaven Earth Sect and rarely came out. Now that the True God position had appeared, he had to come and fight for it.

He didn't have long to live. He was about to merge with the Dao and become a part of the Heavenly Law, so he was unwilling to give up. If he could become a True God, his life would be much longer. It would be like starting over again, so he had to get it.

The Azure Dragon had existed since ancient times and had almost as much power as the leader of the Black Heaven Earth Sect. Therefore, he could use the power of the medium-class world.

As soon as the power of the medium-class world appeared, everyone was shocked. The power of the Azure Dragon was even more powerful than that of a normal Sage. The True God position was about to fall into the hands of the Azure Dragon.

Suddenly, a beam of light from a weapon appeared silently. It had the power of destruction and rebirth, and it collided with the Azure Dragon's claw.

All the vitality on the Azure Dragon's claw seemed to be devoured by the light of the weapon. In the end, the light of the weapon expanded and filled the entire broken God Nation, turning it into a new world from the inside out.

"Immortal Slaying and God Slaying, under the command of the three Heavenly Masters, God Slaying!"

The Azure Dragon roared and slapped back with his claw. Power surged out again and spread everywhere. When it met the light of the weapon, the two disappeared.

Then, the True God position fell between the two. It floated in the air and emitted waves of energy, showing the power of a True God. When the light of the weapon dissipated, a person appeared.

It was a young man in a scholar's robe. He was holding a pitch-black axe in his hand. The axe gave off a Connate aura. The aura kept circulating, and life and death were in the hands of the axe. The axe was extremely powerful. It was obviously a Connate Spiritual Treasure.

"What weapon is that?"

Azure Dragon seemed to be a bit scared. "God Slayer, I don't think this Connate Spirit Treasure has ever appeared. Your Immortal Slaying and God Slaying Kill is getting more and more powerful. If I didn't have the protection of my medium-sized world, I'm afraid my claws would have been cut off."

"This axe is called Clear and Turbid. It was recently plucked from the Hong Meng Tree. Naturally, you don't know about it. The meaning of this axe is to split the chaos, to separate the Clear and Turbid Heaven and Earth. The Clear Qi rises to the sky, while the Turbid Qi sinks to the ground. This axe is extremely powerful. After I received Master's reward, I trained hard, and now I can only barely control it.

This axe was a magic treasure on the same level as the Ancient Extrication Bow and the Impermanence Arrow. It could even harm Heavenly Venerables. Azure Dragon, I advise you to leave as soon as possible. I must obtain this Deity Position. "

The young man was called God Slayer. There were many gods under the command of the three Celestial Venerables, such as the Dark God who had appeared previously. These gods had extremely high cultivation levels. Some of them were actually Sages.

Although this "God of Slaying" wasn't as powerful as Azure Dragon, he was able to break Azure Dragon's attack with his Connate Spirit Treasure, the Pure Turbid Axe. Also.

"God of Slaying" had also used the power of the medium-class world. That medium-class world definitely didn't belong to him, but to the three Celestial Venerables.

"Hehe, you must have it?"

Azure Dragon laughed. "You're only the fifth god under the three Celestial Venerables. The power of the medium-class world you just used must have been stored in the axe, so it's extremely limited. How many more times can you use it?

I'm one of the guardians of the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth, so I can use the power of the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth without any limit. Without the support of the medium-class world, can you still use the Pure Turbid Axe? "

"Is the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth going against the three Celestial Venerables?" God of Slaying knew that Azure Dragon was telling the truth.

"Hahahaha." Azure Dragon turned into an old man in an azure robe. "The world has changed. The Black Sect of Heaven and Earth has been controlled by the three Celestial Venerables for so many years. Do you still want us to listen to you? God of Slaying!

You're dreaming if you want to use the three Celestial Venerables to suppress me. Anyone who dares to touch this opportunity will die! " As he spoke, Azure Dragon reached for the True God's throne again.

"You're courting death!"

God of Slaying suddenly threw the axe in his hand. The entire axe shone brightly and shone on the damaged God Nation again. There was a wriggling force in the God Nation. It gathered and quickly repaired the God Nation. Bang, bang, bang!

Inside the God Nation, many treasures exploded and merged with the God Nation itself. The God Nation seemed to have recovered the power of a Small Chiliocosm.

Then, the Deity Position breathed automatically and cooperated with the God Nation itself. The shadow of the ancient God of Lu appeared on the True God Position. It was as if the God of Lu had been resurrected at that moment.

"You used this method to suppress the God Nation and restore the power of the Small Chiliocosm," Azure Dragon said. "I didn't expect this axe to be so powerful. It seems that the three Celestial Venerables have found a lot of treasures in the Hongmeng Tree. "

"Yes, I will bring out this axe and have it temporarily fuse with this broken Divine Kingdom. Like this, I can temporarily restore the strength of this Divine Kingdom. Moreover, with this strength, you will be able to control this dimensional realm, but wanting to quickly break through this Divine Kingdom will be a bit troublesome.

After all, you're not the creator of the medium-class world in the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. You're just a pet of the Ancestral Patriarch. "God of Slaying seemed to have the whole situation under control." Do you think I came unprepared? " The Ancestral Patriarch was the creator of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth.

"A Small Chiliocosm is no match for a medium-class world!"

Azure Dragon narrowed his eyes. "Do you think you can take the True God's position with this axe? That's ridiculous. Change of Heaven and Earth, Door Swallowing All Things. Come out!" Boom!

Behind him, a huge door appeared. It was none other than the Profound Gate of Heaven and Earth, which opened up an ancient vortex that seemed capable of swallowing up the entire god kingdom.

"You!

You've used up the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth's resources. Even if you swallow the God Nation, you'll lose more than you gain. "God of Slaying's body was sucked in by Azure Dragon's Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. Everything in the God Nation was also sucked in. Only Gu Chensha was not affected. Even the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth might not be able to defeat the Ball of People's Wish.

Both of them were medium-class worlds. Although the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth had a lot of resources, the Ball of People's Wish had a lot of power.

"Azure Dragon, are you trying to start a war?"

Ji Qingwu, the Sect Master of the Sky Dance Mystical Gate, said, "You want to swallow all of us into the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth?"

"That's right. All of you must die," Azure Dragon said. "God of Slaying, do you think you're the only one who had a fortuitous encounter?

The Black Gate of Heaven and Earth also had a fortuitous encounter. I was supposed to be cultivating in the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth and I couldn't come out, but I obtained some Connate Dao Qi from chaos. It's comparable to your Clear Turbid Axe, so I can use it to activate the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth! Let's swallow this Divine Kingdom! " Boom!

Azure Dragon turned into his true form and spread out. He occupied the entire Small Chiliocosm's Divine Kingdom, forcing the Gods of Destruction to keep releasing light to resist. Crack! The God Nation cracked. The Clear Turbid Axe was separated.

"Oh no!"

At this moment, Longevity God, the Conqueror, Yue Juju and Ji Qingwu were all startled. They knew that Azure Dragon was the leader of the Sacred Beasts.

He also had a fortuitous encounter, which was why he came out and controlled the medium-class world of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth.

Now, as long as they were in the God Nation, they would all die here. Gods of Destruction was no exception.

"Gods of Slaying, I knew you would come."

Azure Dragon's giant body breathed in and out. His body had already entangled the entire Divine Kingdom of the Small Chiliocosm. His own power had actually injected new vitality into the Divine Kingdom. The Gods of Slaying's God Nation was in danger. Even his Clear Turbid Axe was about to be swallowed by the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. Everyone would be killed and swallowed by him. That was the plan Azure Dragon had come for.

He also had a backup plan. The Sect Master of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth hadn't shown up yet, so he would definitely come to attack at any time. The Black Gate of Heaven and Earth might come out in full force to obtain the Deity Position.

A Deity Position was no small matter. It was worth a big move from the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. Gu Chensha's Heavenly Law kept changing, but he still didn't make a move. He was still waiting for the big shot to show up.

If no big shot appeared, the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth would definitely obtain the True God Position. Once they obtained it, both Azure Dragon and the Sect Master could become True Gods and become more powerful. At this moment. Suddenly, the situation changed again. A giant hand appeared.

All the space was sealed. No one could tear the void and come in, but the giant hand appeared out of nowhere. The giant hand was filled with the aura of all laws. It was pure Dharma.

"Dharma Saint!" Azure Dragon was shocked. "The Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman! You're hiding in the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman! " The Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman could break through all seals.

The Dharma Sage's cultivation level was already higher than Azure Dragon's. Now that he had appeared and coordinated with the Heaven-worshipping Talisman, it was perfect. The Dharma Saint grabbed the Deity Position and put it away. The Deity Position was taken into the Sun and Moon Altar. Then, the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman disappeared.

Azure Dragon roared angrily. He retracted all his power and chased after the Dharma Saint. "Dharma Saint, how dare you steal my opportunity! I'll destroy all the Dharma Realms now. You can't run away from me. "