Chapter 1007
============

Chapter 1004: Using You as an Example Chapter 1004: Using You as an Example

"Right now, I'm still not a match for Gu Chensha. But the only thing Gu Chensha is wary of is that terrifying existence. I can make use of this opportunity to obtain some benefits. Although this is akin to asking a tiger for its skin, this is the only method I have now." Fa Wuxian was trying to communicate with that terrifying existence.

Any expert would try their best to avoid that terrifying existence. However, Fa Wuxian was extremely daring, wanting to work together with that terrifying existence to gain strength to deal with Gu Chensha. His guts couldn't even be described with the word 'daring'.

In front of him, the devouring power transformed into a Gate of Devouring. Inside, there were countless black holes, white holes, chaos holes, origin holes, divine holes, true holes, wormholes, and so on, forming one concentric circle after another.

These concentric circles wriggled together, resonating with each other, transmitting a mysterious energy to the outside of the cosmos, communicating with the will of that terrifying existence.

"What a terrifying existence. Right now, Gu Chensha can already pose a threat to you. In the river of fate he created, even your fate has been captured. From this, it can be seen how greedy he is towards you." Fa Wuxian's will flickered unceasingly, he had to communicate with that terrifying existence no matter what.

"You little thing that's even more evil than a devil. You actually dare to communicate with me directly?"

After a few days and nights, an extremely ferocious will descended, appearing within the gate of devouring. What appeared was a human face. This face was actually the face of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, Gu Taxian. However, the expression and aura on the face were worlds apart from Gu Taxian.

"Are you Gu Taxian?" Fa Wuxian felt trepidation in his heart.

"I've already devoured Gu Taxian, including the Heavenly Dao. I'm a brand new existence. You evil little thing, devouring the will of the ancient past suits my appetite. I can hear your call. Tell me, what are your plans?" The terrifying existence spoke.

"I know that you will have to fight against Gu Chensha in the end."

Fa Wuxian swallowed his saliva, "Furthermore, you don't have the confidence to defeat him. That's why you need to set up a trap and disrupt his plan. Right now, Gu Chensha has injected his power into the human world and started a grand scheme to capture you. If you can give me your power, I can help you destroy Gu Chensha's plan." "Gu Chensha?"

The terrifying existence laughed cruelly. "He's just a rat, scurrying here and there. As long as I come out, I'll be able to kill him.

All his plans are useless in the face of absolute power. He's just playing house here. On the other hand, Fa Wuxian, how dare you communicate with me. Aren't you afraid that I'll invade your body? "

"Hahaha …" Fa Wuxian laughed loudly: "If you don't show yourself, I actually think that you can deal with Gu Chensha. But if you show yourself, it means that you want me to destroy Gu Chensha's plan, right?

If you really have the power to destroy everything, you don't need to talk here. You don't have the time to talk to me. So, you don't need to bluff here. " "Is that so?"

The terrifying existence's murderous aura appeared. "You little thing, you dare to talk to me like that? Looks like you want to die."

"Don't attack me, because it's useless. I've analyzed the will you left behind. Now, it's been refined by Zhang Ziran. Also, the will you left in the Hongling Sand is gradually being distorted by her Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique. So, the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique can still suppress you. Although I've cultivated the Path of Devouring, I've also started to comprehend the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique. I'm going to use this Path to kill Gu Chensha and let him suffer the consequences of his actions." Fa Wuxian's Path of Devouring suddenly changed and started to transform into the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique.

"Damn, damn Gu Chensha, damn the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique!" The terrifying existence roared.

"You haven't reached Immortal Level Nine yet. You've only transformed half of it. So, you can still be suppressed by the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique. When you fully transform it, the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique won't be able to suppress you anymore. So, you're not invincible yet."

Fa Wuxian said confidently. "But you should know that Gu Chensha is also planning to cultivate to Immortal Level Nine. Once he succeeds, I'm afraid your life will be very difficult." "Little thing, as you wish. Don't you want power?"

The terrifying existence suddenly calmed down. "I'll give you power. I'll let your Immortal quality reach between Immortal and Immortal. In other words, half-step Immortal. I believe that with this power, you can cause a lot of trouble for Gu Chensha. Follow my will, devour everything." Buzz buzz …

Countless powers surged over, and streams of power continued to condense, causing Fa Wuxian's Devouring Power to transform from Immortal to Indestructible.

Originally, the power of immortality was pure gold, representing true eternity. But now, this pure gold power was actually starting to turn pitch-black. This kind of pitch-black wasn't ordinary pitch-black, it was deep, a black of nothingness. It could be said that it wasn't black at all. There was no color in the world that could describe it, it was just black to the senses. This was the power of Immortal. Of course, it was only half-step Immortal.

"Transformation successful."

As Fa Wuxian's power rose, the terrifying face sneered. It was full of schemes and plots, and then disappeared.

After a long moment, Fa Wuxian recovered, then looked at his power and laughed uproariously. "I can't believe I've reached the half-Annulled Imperishable level. Apparently, that thing is so afraid of Gu Chensha that it gave me such power. Of course, it's not like it's going to be that easy to control me. With this thing's help, I'm already in the half-Annulled Imperishable level. Not even Zhang Ziran, the Heavenly Emperor, or Guhuasha could do anything to me. And Gu Chensha is at this level.

Gu Chensha definitely hasn't reached the Immortal level, but I'm very likely to. Of course, I'll need to accumulate enough resources to devour Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Huasha, and Zhang Ziran. Then I'll devour all of the ancestors, and finally, the human world, Gu Chensha, and this terrifying thing. In the end, I'll be the only one left in space-time. "

Fa Wuxian burst out laughing. "Gu Chensha, you're the person I hate the most. Of course, there was also Gu Taxian. Back in the Divine Central Continent, I, Fa Wuxian, was supposed to be a mighty figure who dominated heaven and earth. But Gu Taxian was always above me. It was a nightmare I couldn't escape from. Thankfully, he's brought about his own destruction by merging with the dao of heaven and creating this terrifying thing." In the river of fate … All of a sudden, Fa Wuxian's Fate Qi rose dramatically.

His destiny had been that of a Devouring Dragon, and now that it had expanded, its aura was dozens of times more terrifying than before. In fact, it was now on the same level as the destiny of Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Huasha, and Zhang Ziran.

Moreover, what was even more amazing was that his fate and the largest terrifying sphere were all fused with the fate of the tentacles and the eyes.

The destiny of this terrifying thing had appeared in the river of fate in the form of a sphere, filled with countless eyeballs, each of which had millions upon millions of tentacles. The tentacles looked like dragons, baring their fangs and brandishing their claws as they attempted to invade other worlds. And now, Fa Wuxian's destiny was connected to this terrifying thing. Gu Chensha immediately sensed the appearance of this fate energy.

"Interesting, interesting. Fa Wuxian took the initiative to contact that terrifying thing, and that terrifying thing actually helped Fa Wuxian increase his cultivation base. Just nice, my plan has begun. First, I'll make Fa Wuxian my subject.

Killing him won't do me any good. I'll force him to become my subject, and his heart will be twisted to the extreme by the torment. He will also be my test subject. "Gu Chensha began his plan.

At the same time, after a long roar, Fa Wuxian slowly stopped cultivating. His entire body's aura was hidden, making him look like an ordinary person.

"I'll sneak into that lord's court again and make a move on Zhang Yi Ren and the others, as well as Dharma Saint."

Fa Wuxian thought for a moment. "Originally, I wanted to deal with the new Ancestor Wen Hong and Supreme Ancestor Lou Baiyue. But they have Gu Chensha behind them, so it's not worth it. But that's not necessarily true. Right now, Gu Chensha probably can't easily deal with me. "

"Is that so?" At this time, a voice that Fa Wuxian absolutely did not want to hear appeared beside him.

"Who!"

Without thinking, Fa Wuxian enveloped the voice with Devouring Power. But the moment this Devouring Power came into contact with the voice, it immediately disappeared. At this time, Fa Wuxian saw Gu Chensha.

"Gu Chensha …" When Fa Wuxian saw this enemy, it was as if he had seen an irreconcilable enemy, but he did not act rashly.

"Fa Wuxian, I deliberately let Zhang Yi Ren bring you out of the Eternal World. You grew all the way to where you are now, and you can actually stand on equal footing with the Emperor Of Heaven. It's not easy, but you actually cooperated with that terrifying thing to let its power enter your body.

I can't believe you cooperated with a terrifying being and allowed his power to enter your body. It does seem like you're giving up everything. "Gu Chensha smiled faintly.

"Gu Chensha, you also know everything?

But it doesn't matter. I have reached an agreement with that terrifying thing. It won't be easy for you to deal with me. Today, either you die or I die. "

Fa Wuxian burst out with his strongest attack. His body fiercely exploded, and he rushed towards Gu Chensha. But this was just a feint. Then, in the next moment, he disappeared without a trace in the explosion. Running away with a bluff.

"Want to leave? So easy?

In this world, there is no place where you can hide. "Gu Chensha's hands moved, and suddenly, time and space rotated, and heaven and earth changed. Fa Wuxian appeared in front of him again.

"Gu Chensha, you are seeking death. Fighting until the fish dies and the net splits, we die together." Fa Wuxian's eyes were bloodshot, and he risked his life again.