Chapter 28
==========

Within the reading room. The moonstone gave off a gentle light that shone all around.

The furnishings of the reading room were really simple. Zither, sword, bookshelf, ancient books, apart from that, there was nothing else.

The Seventh Prince, Gufasha, the head of the princes, sat cross-legged on the bed. There were no incense sticks in the room but there was a natural valley breeze circulating around. There was also the natural energy of the hundreds of grasses. This was the energy released by his body.

Gufasha had stepped into Dao Realm long ago and was brewing the Samadhi True Flame in his body. This was the eighth transformation of Dao Realm. Once the Samadhi True Flame circulated around his body, it would reach his brain and burn the Life and Death Chamber. Then, he would truly enter the ninth transformation, Glass Jade Body. Because of that, all the impurities in his body were slowly being burned away. All that was left was natural energy.

"Seventh Master, this is what happened." Outside the door, a person knelt down and reported.

"Gu Chensha tied up Third Brother's men right after he got the manor? He didn't give him any face at all?

It seems like he wants to make enemies all around? "Seventh Prince Gufasha stood up," What happened to the people we planted? "

"The people we planted are fine. They are well-behaved and have been arranged by the little godson. I told them to work hard and not expose themselves." That person replied.

"Well done. Gu Chensha was originally hiding his strength and biding his time, but he wasn't worth mentioning at all. Even if he cultivated to the Dao Realm, I can still turn him into dust with a flip of my palm."

Seventh Prince Gufasa paced as if he was thinking about something. "But he actually activated the bloodline of the Mighty Miracle God. This is the source of terror. Once he communicates with the ancient Mighty Miracle God through a sacrificial ritual, who knows what kind of things will happen. Moreover, that Lou Baiyue is even more terrifying. " That person just kowtowed and didn't dare to reply.

"Call Mr. Jin over." Gufasha waved his hand.

"Yes!"

In just a moment, a person appeared in the middle of the reading room. He wore a Taoist robe and looked young. His face was like warm jade and he looked like he was just over 20 years old. However, his eyes were filled with age and he looked like he had experienced many things.

"Why did Seventh Master call me?" The young Mr. Jin bowed and found a chair to sit on. Gufasa did not mind. "Mr. Kim, what do you think of the Ancient Titan God?" "Are you worried about the Nineteenth Prince, Lord Seven?"

Mister Jin said, "Although I don't go out, I've heard a lot of news, especially about the birth of the bloodline of The Great Spirit God. Even in ancient times, it's not a small matter. Seventh Master has saved my life, how can I not do something for him?"

"Mister Jin, you are an elder of the Precelestial Everlasting Sect. You are very knowledgeable, so I have no choice but to borrow your wisdom." Gufa Sha was very polite.

"The past is a thing of the past. The Precelestial Everlasting Sect is gone. Everything under the sky belongs to the emperor. I am also a subject of the Great Eternity Dynasty."

Mister Hong had a bitter smile on his face. "The emperor is really unfathomable. The Precelestial Everlasting Sect is an immortal dao sect that has been passed down from ancient times. For thousands of years, it has been one of the top ten sects of the immortal dao. Because the young sect master killed the governor of the Yu Province, the emperor sent experts to eliminate us. I saw it with my own eyes that day. The emperor personally took action and broke seven Precelestial Everlasting Formations. The seven grand elders guarding the formations couldn't even take one move. Then, the emperor tore apart the void and pulled our entire sect into the depths of the space-time turbulence.

Even the sect master died. I was captured by the imperial army and was about to be killed, but Seventh Master secretly swapped me and saved me.

Now, I don't even dare to think about restoring the sect. I just want to live peacefully under Seventh Master's hands. " "What level is Father's cultivation?

I know about the disappearance of the Precelestial Everlasting Sect, but I didn't see it with my own eyes. Isn't that … "Seventh Prince Gu Fasha swallowed his words.

Mister Jin smiled. Naturally, he knew what Gu Fasha wanted to say. He played with the jade folding fan in his hand.

"Seventh Master, you don't have to be discouraged. The emperor has a long lifespan. Although there is no hope for you to inherit the throne, you must know that even the strong will be envied by the heavens. They will not live forever. The stronger one is, the more tribulations they will face, especially the throne. Every word and action of the emperor controls the fate of all living beings. Since ancient times, there have been long-lived immortals who lived in seclusion, but there have never been long-lived emperors who held great power."

Mister Jin calculated, "My Precelestial Everlasting Sect has the Peerless Heavenly Book. It can calculate the past and the future. Once, the grand elder of the sect sacrificed himself to the book and saw the secrets of heaven. In the near future, there will be a great change in the world. At that time, it might be the chance for Seventh Master to rise." "You know the whereabouts of the Peerless Heavenly Book?"

Gu Fasha asked anxiously, "Father did not obtain the Peerless Heavenly Book. The essence of the book is Heaven-grade, so it is called the Peerless Heavenly Book."

"This book has a spirit and is an existence similar to a god. It will automatically choose its master and escaped into the depths of the space-time turbulence. No one knows where it went, so I naturally could not find it." Mister Jin looked regretful.

"If only I could obtain this book …" Gu Fasha walked forward.

"To be honest, even if Seventh Master obtained this book, you might not be able to use it to achieve great things," Mister Jin said.

"The emperor's cultivation can kill gods. Even without the legendary heavenly decree, he can still catch up to the ancient emperor. So, Seventh Master's every action must be based on the emperor's thoughts. Only by doing things according to the emperor's will can you ensure your safety. At the same time, you can also increase your strength. You must not have any rebellious thoughts. Otherwise, disaster will befall you. " "Then, what about Gu Chensha now?"

Gu Fasha also had his own thoughts, "Father did notice him, but he has activated the bloodline of The Great Spirit God. He is a great threat to me. If I do not strike first, I am afraid there will be a disaster. You should know that the treasure left behind by Princess Xian Chao is in my hands." "I am also thinking about this."

Mister Jin thought quickly, "After Princess Xian Chao committed suicide, the treasure map and the Law Breaking Sword fell into Seventh Master's hands. All these years, Seventh Master, have you figured out the secret of the treasure?"

"This treasure map is profound and unpredictable, but I have some ideas. Wait until I burn the Life and Death Hidden Gate with True Fire and burn my consciousness. If I succeed, my soul will condense and I will have extraordinary inspiration. At that time, I will be able to figure out the secret of this treasure map." The seventh prince reached out his hand and grabbed the air. Shoo!

A dark golden map flew out from a secret compartment in the study. On it were densely packed strange runes, mountains, rivers, people, and all kinds of ancient words. The whole map was dazzling to look at.

This map had the luster of an antique. Obviously, it had been played with hundreds and thousands of times.

"This is actually not a big deal. With Seventh Master's power and power, you don't need to be afraid of Gu Chensha. I think the emperor is training him for a reason. It is not just for the Xian Chao. Think about it, the whole Xian Chao was destroyed at its peak. Now that the world is united and the people are at peace, why would the emperor care about a few people?

I think the emperor still wants to find traces of The Great Spirit God from Gu Chensha. The emperor wants to kill a god! "Mister Jin suddenly had an idea.

"Kill a god?

It is not strange for father to have this idea, but if it is not done well, the country will be destroyed. "

The seventh prince was very scared, "Even the ancient emperors wanted to abolish the gods, but it was not easy. Some of the ancient emperors had angered the gods, and their countries were destroyed. Of course, many of the gods had fallen.

In history, there were many wars of killing gods. Let's not talk about this. My cultivation has not reached that level yet, so I will never be able to figure it out. Mister Jin, I still hope you can help me find the Peerless Heaven Book. "

"Actually, although the martial arts in the Peerless Heaven Book are profound, Seventh Master does not need to neglect the essentials. As long as I can learn the emperor's Great Massacre God Technique, what is the Peerless Heaven Book?" Mister Jin sighed, "Isn't Seventh Master guarding the gold and looking for iron?" "Great Massacre God Technique!"

When the seventh prince heard this name, his whole body shivered, "This is father's secret. Even I, the eldest son, cannot teach it."

"No, the Emperor has the breadth of mind to command the Heavenly Axiom. It is impossible for him to do it alone, so he needs help. As long as the Seventh Prince can gain the Emperor's trust and show his worth, he will definitely be taught by the Emperor." Mister Jin came up with a plan: "I have a few plans to deal with the current situation …" Lou Family. Lou Baiyue was listening to the report.

"Miss, he is bold and decisive. He reorganized the household and did not hesitate to touch Third Master's people. Will there be any problems?" The maid who spied on the information said.

"He is doing the right thing. He is swift and decisive."

Lou Baiyue praised, "Right now, he is being favored by the emperor. He is taking this opportunity to reorganize the household and no one will dare to stop him. If it is delayed, when the emperor's favor dies down, he will reorganize the household and it will be out of control. This Gu Chensha, he has been deceiving me. "

"But no matter how much he reorganizes the household, he has no one to use. It takes at least three generations to nurture talents, some even more than ten generations." The maid sneered, "He only has a little eunuch by his side now. What can he do? Miss, do you want me to bribe this eunuch? "

"We can try, but we cannot let others make the first move," Lou Baiyue said, "That little eunuch is his confidant. Everyone must be bribing him." "Okay, I will do it now." "Wait, this matter is not urgent. Why don't we go find him and wait for him to come to us?"

Lou Baiyue waved his hand. "Gu Chensha isn't a fool. He wants to revitalize his family business and establish his own residence. He can't do it himself, so he has to come to me. Moreover, the Emperor has asked us to assist him in his task of investigating the remnants of the Xian Dynasty. He has to obey this imperial edict.

Also, send people to his residence. I must know his every move at all times. Originally, he was not worth so much attention. But after activating the Giant Spirit Bloodline, he can communicate with The Great Spirit God and receive divine favor. He cannot be treated as an ordinary person. He may even become the representative of The Great Spirit God on earth. " "Then why is the emperor cultivating him? What does that mean? "The maid was obviously the emperor's confidant.

"Because he is the emperor's son."

Lou Baiyue picked up the pen on the table and wrote a note, "The emperor has the intention to find clues about The Great Spirit God.

Since it involves God, the emperor is very concerned about it. We must also pay attention to it. I will give you two hundred thousand taels to do this. Also, send a group of experts to control Gu Chensha's residence. "