Chapter 183
===========

In the blink of an eye, the Barbarian Race Crown Prince and eight experts were killed by Lou Baiyue. This bunch of aggressive Barbarian Race experts were left with just a speck of dust.

Luo Wu, Mu Yexiao, Bao Ming 'er, and the others' mouths were agape. They didn't dare to believe that Lou Baiyue had such skills.

"That Barbarian Race Crown Prince's cultivation is at the Dao Realm Thirteen Transformation, Demon Swallowing Ghost!

Moreover, his Innate Gang Qi was incomparably vigorous. He cultivated the Nine Deaths Inverse Blood Art of the Barbarian Race's Saint. His techniques were endless, and it was unknown how many disciples of the Immortal Dao had been defeated by his hands. There were even a few female disciples of sects who were captured by him and had their yin harvested to replenish their yang. Their essence was sucked dry and they died.

I wanted to kill him for a long time but he is really cunning and has a few treasures on him. If he wants to escape, even people who are a few realms higher than him won't be able to kill him. "

Luo Wu's cultivation was really high and she had obtained Gu Chensha's Seven Saint Heart Refining Pill. She also cultivated hard and she was a genius who comprehended the principles of Dao in the Human Realm. She had already reached the Dao Realm Fourteen Transformation, Yuan Spirit Astral Projection. However, she wasn't confident in beating the Crown Prince, not to mention killing him instantly. He didn't even have a chance to escape. One must know that the Crown Prince was someone who was personally taught by the Barbarian Saint.

The Barbarian Saint was like Li Wanlong of the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons. He was high above and was even stronger than the Evil God. It was tough to find someone stronger than him among the 72 sects. The Saint's disciple had too many secret techniques.

Luo Wu calculated that if she wanted to force the Crown Prince into a corner and kill him, she would need seven to eight people to lay out a formation to trap him and refine him.

Moreover, the Crown Prince had many followers and could summon Barbarian Race experts to help at any time.

Lou Baiyue easily killed the Crown Prince. Not only did it shock Luo Wu and the others, but it also shocked many of the experts in the distance. All of a sudden, many eyes looked over.

There were many experts here. There were Demonic Immortals, Demons, Factionless Cultivators, and even other Barbarian Race experts. All of them had their own plans but they didn't dare to attack as they were afraid that others would take advantage of them. They restrained one another and occasionally there would be conflicts but they would instantly calm down. However, the appearance of Lou Baiyue seemed to have broken some kind of balance. From a certain perspective, Lou Baiyue represented the most powerful imperial court in the world.

Ignoring the gazes of many people, Lou Baiyue flicked her finger, and a black lotus appeared in front of Gu Chensha.

"I've just killed eight Barbarian experts, including the Devil Killer Crown Prince. Their essence, blood, flesh, and souls have all been absorbed into this black lotus. "

Gu Chensha heard a voice in his mind. It was Lou Baiyue's telepathic message. This was also one of the abilities of the Soul Tentacles. "I don't need to absorb the flesh and soul essences inside, but you can sacrifice yourself."

"Perfect." Gu Chensha stored the black lotus into his armor and stealthily sent it into the Sun-Moon Altar. He didn't start the ritual immediately. Instead, he waited.

After studying the ancient books, he had mastered many sacrificial methods. In the past, he had killed barbarians and absorbed their blood essence and souls. The sacrificial method was to obtain heavenly dew.

However, he had obtained tens of thousands of kilograms of heavenly dew from the Zhou Palace. It would be a waste to take more.

The blood essence and souls of so many experts, especially the Devil Killer Crown Prince, could be sacrificed in many ways to obtain different things. For example, by sacrificing a few turtles, one could obtain the elixir of immortality.

Or by sacrificing a few other herbs, such as the Sun Flower and the Moon Grass, one could obtain the Yin Yang Qi Pearl. This pearl could harmonize the Yin and Yang Qi in the body and maintain a balance. It could also be used to cultivate an avatar that was exactly the same as oneself.

In addition, if the essence of five metals and kui water were sacrificed, one could condense a weapon soul.

If the weapon soul was inserted into any weapon, the weapon would immediately have spirituality and change.

That was not all. If he used his own blood to seep into it and sacrificed the jade, he could obtain the Heavenly Soul Jade. This jade was the best material for setting up formations and refining magic treasures. It was thousands of times better than the Beast Soul Stone. In addition, there were all kinds of strange sacrificial methods.

In short, the blood essence and souls of experts were like currency to the Heavenly Dao. With this currency, one could buy all kinds of things from the Heavenly Dao through the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman.

This was also the reason why many big shots in the world were determined to obtain the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. As long as there were souls, one could use the sacrificial talisman to obtain things that could not possibly exist. It could extend one's lifespan, break through realms, and even become a god!

In the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, the biggest sacrificial ceremony was the Great God Investiture Ceremony. It was the ancient Emperor who killed countless demons, demons, and heavenly devils. He gathered the Heavenly Dragon Qi of tens of thousands of people and sacrificed them to the Heaven and Earth. This would allow one to obtain the position of a god and become a god.

Gu Chensha wanted to use these souls as sacrificial offerings. In fact, he wanted to carry out a Heavenly Divination Ceremony.

In ancient times, when the Emperor offered sacrifices to the Heaven, he also used it to predict the future. He even held a great ceremony to predict the future before a great war.

Since Gu Chensha had obtained so many powerful souls this time, he decided to use the Heavenly Divination Ceremony to predict the realm after the Clumsy Fist. He wanted to use the Heavenly Dao to perfect his cultivation technique. This was a method to steal from the Heavens.

Now, he wanted to use the Clumsy Fist's realm to advance to the Dao Realm Six Transformations, but he couldn't. This was because he wasn't smart enough and couldn't deduce the later transformations of the Clumsy Fist. But if he used the Heavenly Divination Ceremony to deduce the future transformations of the Clumsy Fist, he would be able to quickly advance to the Sixth Transformation or even the Seventh Transformation. Right now, he had accumulated a lot of energy. He just lacked that last step.

The Clumsy Fist was at the initial stage and it was far from the Emperor God Investiture Technique. But this was the fist technique that was most suitable for him. It was a fist that seeped into the essence of the soul, allowing him to display all his potential and even the power of being one with nature.

With the sacrifice of the seven to eight experts from the Barbarian Race and the Mosha Crown Prince, he would be able to use the Heavenly Dao to deduce. This was the greatest benefit. Everything else had nothing to do with cultivation.

The difference between the Dao Realm Five and Six Transformations was too huge. He had to break through for the essence to change.

Not to mention anything else, once he broke through and had Xiantian Earth Energy, he would be able to use the King Dragon Armor, Demon Descending Blade, and the Dragon Transformation Pagoda in his body.

Gu Chensha now understood that the Heavenly Dao was just a tool. He could borrow it when he could and give it up when he needed to. That was the way of the universe.

Lou Baiyue seemed to have done something insignificant by killing the Barbarians. "Everyone, the Barbarians are evil. To the Immortal Dao, they are evil. Are you willing to help me clean up the Barbarians here?" She was naturally asking Mu Yexiao and the others.

The Barbarians and the Immortal Dao were enemies since ancient times. Sometimes, when the Barbarians invaded the Divine Continent Pass, the Immortal Dao sects would send people down to help the imperial court.

Because the Barbarians believed in evil gods, they practiced demonic cultivation techniques and killed many living beings. They also liked to use the disciples of the orthodox Immortal Dao sects as human cauldrons to refine demons. Some Barbarian experts hid in the dark and attacked the disciples of the Immortal Dao.

"This is the Wilderness, and there are many Barbarian experts here. We should be careful and not cause trouble." Mu Yexiao clearly didn't want to get involved in this mess. The current situation was very delicate for the Immortal Dao. After the phenomenon, the imperial court became the target of public criticism.

The Immortal Dao sects had set the rules to wait and see. Of course, they couldn't help the imperial court kill the Barbarians.

Especially recently, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor wanted to collect taxes from the Immortal Dao sects and even wanted them to work as slaves. This had greatly offended the interests of the Immortal Dao. If it wasn't for the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's unparalleled power, the Immortal Dao would've sent their disciples here to help the rich landlords and ambitious clans rebel.

"The most important thing now is to obtain the treasures of Buzhou Palace. This is the mission the sect gave us."

Yinxuan and Huangfu Fengyun didn't want to fight the Barbarians either. It was a strenuous and unrewarding task. After all, there were many demons here, so they naturally had to conserve their strength.

"That's fine. The imperial court doesn't force people to do things against their will. It's the nature of a cultivator to exterminate demons and protect the Dao." Lou Baiyue didn't want to say anything else and strolled towards Buzhou Palace.

At this moment, Buzhou Palace was completely revealed in front of them. Layers upon layers of palaces, stretching for hundreds of li. Ghostly figures could be seen everywhere. They were the demons and unknown experts that came to search.

Some of the demons had their own plans, but after seeing Lou Baiyue's might when she killed the Devil Killer Crown Prince, they all hid themselves and didn't want to fight her head-on.

The experts of the other tribes also scattered far away to avoid being targeted by this malignant star.

"Everything under the heavens belongs to the imperial court."

Lou Baiyue came to Buzhou Palace and looked around. "Everyone, listen up. Buzhou Palace has come out and belongs to the imperial court. Those who don't have anything to do, leave immediately. You have half an hour to leave. If you don't, you will be punished for disobeying the imperial court's laws and will be killed!"

Lou Baiyue's voice reverberated in the air. The Great Massacre God Art's Innate Astral Qi rippled and her will was everywhere.

"Oh my god."

When Gu Chensha heard this voice, his heart trembled. "Baiyue is going to clear the area. This is too high profile. Even though he has mastered the Great Massacre God Art, his cultivation level is still too low. He is going against everyone. A battle is unavoidable."

Although he wasn't afraid of battle, there were too many experts this time. It could be said that he was the enemy of the whole world. It was better to keep a low profile and get rich quietly. He looked at The Fourth.

The Fourth spread his hands. His meaning was clear. "Whatever Lou Baiyue says, we will do. Who's afraid of who?"

"It seems like The Fourth is also a fearless person. I am used to being cautious in this life. Oh well, I will have a big fight with The Fourth Baiyue. What's there to be afraid of?"

Gu Chensha thought about it and couldn't help but laugh. "The imperial court's Celestial Pacification Department is investigating Buzhou Palace. Everyone better leave, or else they will be killed!" "Such arrogance." At this moment, someone actually dared to make a noise! A voice came from outside Buzhou Palace.

The person who made the sound was still far away. However, he was faster than the sound and had already appeared in front of the three of them. It was a young man.

Gu Chensha would never forget his appearance, because he was a natural-born saint, and there were no immortals in this world.