Chapter 150
===========

"I'm not very proficient in the art of artifact refinement. I might have sought guidance from Fairy Luo Wu, but I haven't cultivated for a long period of time and my knowledge is still shallow. Fairy Bao Ming is an expert in artifact refinement. It is truly my fortune to be able to seek guidance from you." Gu Chensha truly wanted to learn.

"Luo Wu is not good at refining treasures. She is good at mental cultivation and meditation.

This kind of cultivation can only be understood and not taught. There are also not many ways to teach you.

The Sky Dance Mystic Sect's technique is suitable for women. There are many things that you don't understand. "

Bao Ming'er sat down leisurely and waved her finger. Threads of purple and red energy wrapped around it, "The Xuan Wu celestial energy in this land and the red energy from the Vermillion Bird Fire Formation in Luo Wu's palace have combined to form a holy land for cultivation. Even I want to set up camp here, especially since you have the Dragon Transformation Tower!"

"Fairy's eyes are really sharp …" The moment Gu Chensha said this, he saw Bao Ming'er's blade-like finger pointing at his forehead.

It was so fast that it chased the wind and chased after the moon. That finger also had an aura that could pierce through everything. It could definitely pierce through his copper skin and iron bones.

Originally, Gu Chensha's cultivation had reached the third transformation, copper skin and iron bones. He also cultivated the Sun Moon Dragon. The Sun Moon Dragon Scales, Sun Moon Dragon Skin, Sun Moon Dragon Membrane, Sun Moon Dragon Tendon, and Sun Moon Dragon Bones were all at small success. His defense was many times stronger than that of a copper skin and iron bone expert. His strength was also not something that normal Dao Realm experts could compare to. But Bao Ming'er was obviously above the tenth transformation. She was much higher than him.

She could smash his skull with her finger. Although he didn't know why Bao Ming'er attacked him, he wouldn't joke around with his life. In an instant, he moved back and punched out.

This punch was like a caterpillar rolling around on a leaf. It was stupid and clumsy, but when it was punched out, it actually hit Bao Ming'er's finger. Peng!

He retreated again and again. He felt as if the energy coming from the other party's fingertips was boundless, shaking his internal organs. However, at this instant, the Dragon Transformation Pagoda in the depths of his Dantian moved slightly, absorbing all the energy that had entered his internal organs.

"Wonderful."

After that strike, Bao Ming 'er didn't attack anymore. Instead, he smiled and sat down. "I underestimated you. Your fist technique is more than 10 times more exquisite than when you fought Lei Tianhui. You have a real fist technique. If you teach it to a normal person, that person will be able to cultivate it all the way to the third transformation of Dao Realm." "These tricks are not worth mentioning to Fairy." Gu Chensha secretly raised his spirits.

Over the past few days, he had diligently cultivated, consulted Luo Wu, read books, and even refined the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra in the Dragonization Pagoda to verify it with the Sun and Moon Dragon Mystic Art. Finally, he had perfected the Clumsy Fist.

Although he was still at the third transformation of the Dao Realm, his cultivation wasn't the same as before.

"It's not that it's not worth mentioning. Your self-created fist technique looks simple and crude now, but as you continue to perfect it, it will definitely shine in the future."

Bao Ming 'er waved her hands. "That finger of mine wasn't simple. Although I only used 10% of my strength, even someone at the seventh transformation wouldn't be able to block it so easily. You didn't use armor or sword and just used martial arts to block it. That is really shocking."

"If not for the Dragonization Pagoda in my dantian dispelling the power of that finger, my organs would have been shattered." Gu Chensha didn't get dizzy from Bao Ming 'er's praise. He knew his own strength. Although he had improved over the past few days, he was still far from a true expert.

If he didn't use the Demon Descending Blade and the Dragonization Pagoda, he would only be able to fight someone at the sixth transformation of Dao Realm. Of course, with the three treasures, he wouldn't be a match for them.

He had simulated it many times in his mind. If he faced that Shadow Priest barehanded, his Xiantian Energy might not be able to break through his Copper Skin Iron Bone Defense.

If he faced a seventh transformation expert, it would be tough for him to deal with him. That was because his Xiantian Energy could change. It would first wrap around him and then drill into his seven orifices, destroying his organs. Then, he would definitely die.

The Xiantian Energy of Dao Realm Transformation Six wasn't strong and it could only be used for one attack.

The Xiantian Energy of Dao Realm Transformation Seven was ever-changing and had many methods. It was tough and soft at the same time and it was really tough to defend against.

"Can you spit out the Dragonization Pagoda for me to take a look?" Bao Ming 'er requested.

Gu Chensha nodded his head and activated the blood in his dantian. He opened his mouth and a sesame-sized Dragonization Pagoda appeared in his palm. He injected in some spiritual energy to activate the Dragon Raising Heart Technique and the Dragonization Pagoda became seven inches big.

Bao Ming 'er looked at it carefully and injected in some Xiantian Energy. Who knew what technique she used but the Dragonization Pagoda started to give off the sound of earth, water, fire, wind, and lightning. Then, a pure gold energy current appeared from within and there were threads of green within it.

"Dragon Energy."

Joy appeared on Bao Ming 'er's face. "It really is the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. Any Essence Qi can be transformed and brewed to become Dragon Qi. When this Dragon Qi enters a person's body, they will have the spirit of a dragon, extraordinary intelligence, endless self-improvement, never giving up, tenacity, ability to distinguish between right and wrong, loyalty and courage …

Based on the Imperial Dynasty's talent classification, if a fool absorbs enough Dragon Energy, he can become a genius. Unfortunately, this pagoda hasn't formed yet, otherwise, it can turn one into a top genius. If it is the Ancient Dragon Gate, then the living being that enters can become a Natural Saint. " "Natural Saint!" Gu Chensha exclaimed. He knew how terrifying a Natural Saint was. Fa Wuxian was an example.

He also knew how strong a top genius was. Long Zaifei was a top genius and was able to learn any fist technique without a teacher. When they first met, he wasn't at Dao Realm and had only cultivated for a few months. Although he had obtained many resources and absorbed Xuanwu Energy, his speed was unbelievable. He was already at Transformation Three and in a few days, he would be at Transformation Four.

The Imperial Dynasty's talent classification was Fool, Slightly Talented, Middle Talent, Top Talent, Genius, Natural Saint, and Son of Destiny.

Gu Chensha studied this too. For example, if a fool was asked to learn a basic fist technique, he wouldn't be able to. He would be lazy and afraid of hard work. This was a problem with his personality. Even if he ate pills to cleanse his body and increase his strength, he wouldn't be able to achieve much.

If he had Slightly Talented, then he would be able to learn fist techniques and books much faster. He would even be able to learn some of the more profound martial arts. As for Middle Talent, he would be a little smart.

Even if he was born into an ordinary family, he would have an extraordinary aura. Such a person would be able to stand out no matter where he went. He could become an Elementary Scholar, a High Scholar, a rich businessman, a Master, or even a Grandmaster.

Top Talent was amazing. These people were formed from the essence of heaven and earth and their personalities were firm. One look and one would know that they weren't ordinary. As long as they cultivated well, they would be able to reach Dao Realm.

As for geniuses, there was no need to talk about them. They were born to be wild and unrestrained. No matter what they did, they would be able to be passed down through the ages. When Celestial Path Sects found such people, they had to take them in. As long as they were taught a little, their achievements would be limitless.

Top geniuses were rare to appear in hundreds of years. When they appeared, they would definitely shock the heavens and earth. Many of their strengths couldn't be described with words. Celestial Path Sects searched for them and might not even be able to find one. Natural Saints were born from gathering the luck of heaven and earth.

Gu Chensha had only found two pills that could change talent. One was the Tiger Wolf Pill, which could allow a fool to have the strength of a tiger and wolf and also the personality of a tiger and wolf. It was the same as changing one's talent to Middle Talent. Gu Chensha himself had Middle Talent.

Other than that, there was the Seven Sage Heart Cultivation Pill, which could make one smarter. However, the flaws in one's personality, such as laziness, fear of death, self-improvement, and recklessness, could not be changed.

But now, Bao Ming 'er actually said that Dragon Energy was even more powerful than the Tiger Wolf Pill and could make one a genius. How powerful was that?

Geniuses weren't just about cultivation. They were about understanding the ways of the world, understanding history, and doing well in all aspects.

Gu Chensha thought about it. If he used the Dragon Transformation Pagoda to cultivate Dragon Energy and infused it into the bodies of his five thousand soldiers, then all of his soldiers would become geniuses or even unparalleled geniuses. In less than ten years, it wouldn't be impossible for his power to surpass those Sage Families. But this was just a thought. The Dragon Transformation Pagoda shouldn't be able to do that.

"It's a pity that although your Dragon Transformation Pagoda is activated, the Dragon Energy it produces is very thin. If you want someone to become a genius, it will take at least ten years.

Of course, your cultivation level isn't high enough, and you don't know how to use it. It's hard to unleash the true power of the pagoda, and you can't make it evolve. "Bao Ming 'er loved the pagoda.

"It's amazing that it takes ten years to produce a genius. You should know that even a Sage Family with a thousand years of history would find it hard to produce a genius."

Gu Chensha knew this well. He suddenly activated the Sun and Moon Refinement Method, and the Dragon Transformation Pagoda shrank and went into his mouth.

When it reached his mouth, he didn't swallow it into his Dantian. Instead, he sent it into the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Altar.

"You're quite careful."

Bao Ming 'er smiled. "But it's right not to show such a treasure to others. Anyone would want to steal it. Although you used your blood to refine this treasure, you're still weak. If you meet an expert, they can easily erase the mark on it." "I'm not afraid of that."

Gu Chensha said, "The laws of the Imperial Court are here. If you steal a King's treasure, even if you run to the ends of the earth, it's useless." "This used to be a big joke. But now, even gods don't dare to do anything." Bao Ming 'er agreed.

"Goddess, can you be my teacher and teach me the art of refining treasures?"

Gu Chensha took out a Seven Sage Refinement Pill. "This pill will be your reward. I hope you can open a branch here and help the people in my fief."

"With this pill as a reward, I'll gladly accept." Bao Ming 'er took it. "I can teach you the art of refining treasures for a year." "Thank you." Gu Chensha bowed.

"Every afternoon, I'll come here to teach you the art of refining treasures for four hours." After Bao Ming 'er finished speaking, she flew out and disappeared.