Chapter 8
=========

"Crack!" The sturdy rosewood table was crushed by her hand. Her hand was soft and supple, but it had a terrifying destructive power.

"How could this be?" Lou Baiyue's face was filled with killing intent.

"If the emperor wants the subject to die, the subject has to die." Lou Chongxiao was helpless. "This is the Emperor's wish. Who can oppose it?"

"The Nineteenth Prince is an idiot. How can my sister be close to him? What will the other princes think if this gets out?"

A young man in his twenties was also furious. He was Lou Baiyue's elder brother, Lou Zhaixing. He was one of the best of the younger generation in the imperial court. He had made great contributions to the imperial court and was also a baron.

"Yes, Master. Should I go to the Palace and beg the Empress?

The Empress has always disliked Gu Chensha. She has always wanted Baiyue to marry the Seventh Prince. You should know that the Seventh Prince is the direct descendant of the Empress and has the highest chance of inheriting the throne. "

A noblewoman cried with her daughter. She was the First Wife of the Yuan Kingdom and also Lou Baiyue's mother.

She often went to the Palace and chatted with the concubines in the Imperial Harem. She had many contacts in the Palace.

"It's useless. This is the Emperor's will. He can't change his words."

Lou Chongxiao shook his head. "The Emperor now has absolute power and authority. If you do this, you will be defying his orders. Our Lou Family has attracted a lot of attention in the Imperial Court. Many families are unhappy with us. If we attack, we will be exterminated. Being with the Emperor is like being with a tiger." "Then what should we do?"

The noblewoman's eyes turned vicious. "Otherwise … Baiyue will secretly plot something and let the other princes kill him?" "Fool!" Lou Chongxiao scolded. "What kind of person is the Emperor?

There is nothing in the world that can hide from him. Do you think he doesn't know about your little tricks? How many years have I been with the Emperor? How many princes, ministers and generals have lost the Emperor's favor and met with misfortune?

Even if the Nineteenth Prince is not favored, he is still a prince. If he dares to plot against us, even if it is flawless and there is no evidence, as long as His Majesty has this knot in his heart, our Lou Family will face imminent disaster. "

"What exactly does the Emperor mean?" Lou Zhaixing gritted his teeth. "The reward is so great, but he let my sister get close to that fool. I can't figure it out. " "Actually, things aren't as bad as we thought."

Lou Baiyue calmed down: "I think the Emperor has two intentions. Our Lou Family is already half the court. If I marry a favored prince, it will break the balance among the princes and get close to the Seventh Prince. In the future, I will become the Empress and the Lou Family will become relatives of the emperor. Wouldn't it be harder to control them? Asking me to get close to that brat is to restrict our Lou family. " "What is the meaning of the second layer?" Lou Zhaixing asked.

"Of course he wants us to keep an eye on that brat. He has the bloodline of the Xian Dynasty. To the old and young of the Xian Dynasty, he is a valuable chess piece."

Lou Baiyue analyzed: "The Great Spirit God Technique is a technique of the Xian Dynasty's royal family, and the Xian Dynasty's royal family has the bloodline of the ancient The Great Spirit God. If the Xian Dynasty's royal family cultivates this bloodline, there is a small chance that they will awaken the Giant Spirit Bloodline. They will be extremely powerful and have many miracles. The Emperor wants to let that brat cultivate it and see how his bloodline is. " "How can it be so easy to awaken the bloodline of the The Great Spirit God?

The Xian Dynasty's royal family has not had anyone who awakens the bloodline of the The Great Spirit God in a hundred years. "

Lou Zhaixing shook his head: "If there is someone who awakens the bloodline of the The Great Spirit God, our great Yongchō may not be able to destroy the Xian Dynasty. You should know that the ancient The Great Spirit God is a true god conferred by the ancient Emperor. Even the Emperor's current cultivation cannot be abolished unless he obtains the legendary Heavenly Sacrificial Decree."

"I hope that His Majesty can obtain the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman and become a true Son of Heaven, accomplishing an unprecedented hegemony. That way, we, as subjects, might be conferred the title of God, becoming immortal."

Lou Chongxiao sat steadily: "So, we must follow the Emperor's footsteps closely. We will do whatever the Emperor says."

"This matter still needs to be discussed carefully. If we get close to that brat, it will cause the other princes to isolate our Lou family. Although this is the Emperor's decree, we may be attacked by vile people and spread rumors."

Lou Zhaixing had a lot of concerns: "We can't ignore the Empress' wishes. The Seventh Prince has been interested in you for a long time. If he ascends the throne in the future, our Lou family will be in big trouble." "Ascending the throne?"

Lou Baiyue turned and asked: "Father, you have followed the Emperor for almost twenty years. When he was still a commoner, you have been following him. You can say that you know a lot about him. Do you know what the Emperor's cultivation level is now?"

"The Emperor's cultivation level is unfathomable. I am afraid he can reverse life and death." Lou Chongxiao's expression was solemn.

"That's right. We can only listen to the decree."

Lou Baiyue's tone was stiff: "However, that brat better not have any wild thoughts. One more thing, our Lou family has always been independent. We do not need to rely on any princes. I, Lou Baiyue, will not marry the Seventh Prince for benefits. The Seventh Prince is a deep person. Although he imitates the Emperor, he is not as broad-minded as the Emperor." "Daughter, what do you mean?"

Lou Chongxiao knew that his daughter had many tricks up her sleeves. She had a strong character and would never admit defeat. Most importantly, she was loved by the Emperor.

"Everything is fake. Only power is real. My priority now is to reach the Dao state."

Lou Baiyue said: "Although the imperial court has unified the world, the monsters and barbarians have not been destroyed. Otherwise, the Emperor would not have mobilized manpower and resources to build the Great Wall that stretches for hundreds of thousands of miles. If I can reach the Dao state in a short period of time, I can apply to the imperial court to be a general at the border and kill the monsters and barbarians. Then, I can escape from the troubles in the capital. After all, the Emperor only said that I am close to that brat, but he did not decree a marriage.

The Emperor has the determination to sweep away the decadent trend and create a new era. He said that I can choose for myself, and he will not go back on his words. " "Reaching the Dao state is the difference between a mortal and a celestial. It is not that easy."

Lou Chongxiao shook his head: "I have practiced hard for forty years. I only stepped into the Dao state five years ago because of a lucky encounter. I obtained the Reborn Pill made by an ancient master. I know how difficult it is. It is impossible for you to reach the Dao state in a short period of time." "Where there is a will, there is a way." Lou Baiyue looked determined.

Nanshan Hunting Ground. In a canyon, there was a gurgling stream. Spring water seeped out of the two rocks, and the ground was mottled with moss. Originally, the atmosphere in the valley was peaceful, but the hissing sound destroyed everything.

It was a giant snake, as thick as a human's leg. It was four to five feet long, and it was spitting out its red tongue. It stared at Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha held a dagger in his hand and squatted down like a toad. He gathered his strength and was ready to fight for his life.

He came to Nanshan to hunt again. He wanted to kill a tiger and a wolf as a sacrifice to get the Tiger-Wolf Pill. However, he did not find the tiger, but the fierce snake in the canyon.

He did not dare to let his guard down. This snake was much stronger than the tiger. It was a ferocious creature, and it would have no problem swallowing a person alive. Whoosh!

The snake coiled up and bit at him. It was as fast as a skilled swordsman. The stench of blood rushed to his face, making him want to puke. Gu Chensha hurriedly moved to the side. His body movement was ordinary, but it was very effective.

According to his previous skills, he would definitely be buried in the snake's stomach if he met this fierce snake. However, he had the strength of a bear and wolf, and he had already digested it. His martial arts had reached the acme of perfection, so dodging the snake's mouth was nothing. Kill!

His dagger glowed and drew an arc. He used the move "Rhinoceros Gazing at the Moon" to cut the snake's weak point. This was also the basic martial arts of the royal family. It was very practical when practiced well. The snake's head retracted, and its tail snapped back. Gu Chensha felt the danger. He used all his strength and jumped to the side again. Bang!

The rocks on the ground were cracked by the snake's tail. If he did not dodge in time, his brain would have been smashed.

"This snake is very proficient in attacking techniques. No wonder the Dao of martial arts is comprehended from animals. When I fight with this snake, it seems that my understanding of the Snake Fist has deepened." Gu Chensha encountered danger after danger, but he felt more and more carefree. Boom! He jumped up again. His body was like an ape, and his dagger glowed with a cold light.

The fierce snake attacked from the left and right, wanting to bite Gu Chensha. However, it could not succeed. Instead, its body was covered with cuts and bruises, and it gradually lost its ferocity.

"Total Annihilation!"

Gu Chensha's Qi circulated in his body. He was very carefree. With a long roar, he actually chopped off the snake's head.

Although the snake's head was chopped off, it still opened its mouth and kept twisting. It was obvious that it was not dead yet.

At this time, Gu Chensha hurriedly took out the Heaven Offering Talisman. He smeared the snake's blood and his own on it, offering the snake's soul to the heavens.

The snake's twisting stopped immediately. Its shadow appeared on the talisman, and it was pulled into an unfathomable space. After receiving the sacrifice, a great force came from the depths of space and time again!

After three sacrifices, Gu Chensha was already prepared. He crossed his arms and stood in a circle. This was the mother fist technique, the Qi Holding Stance. It adjusted his Qi and blood, and smoothed his meridians. In stillness, there was calmness, and in calmness, there was wisdom.

As expected, his body was infused with power. His blood vessels were purple, and they were like giant earthworms. His veins were like iron clothes, covering his whole body. It seemed that he had cultivated the "Iron Shirt" to the highest realm.

The power of the giant snake far surpassed that of the tiger. After the sacrifice, Gu Chensha experienced unprecedented pain. He felt that all the meridians in his body were breaking, and his internal organs were about to explode. He could not even think clearly.

However, he knew that this was a sign of refining the body and purifying the marrow. He could not stand still. He had to circulate this power and circulate it throughout his body. According to his fist technique, he had to circulate the power up and down. This was called "marrow cleansing".

At this time, he endured the pain and performed the basic fist technique of the royal family. "Black Tiger Steals Heart", "Total Annihilation", "Rhinoceros Gazing at the Moon", "Hundred Feet Piercing", "Cross Chain" …

His moves became faster and faster. The power in his body was released along with the moves, and it gradually flowed along with the fist technique. All of a sudden, a loud bang sounded, and the power returned to his dantian.

"That was close!"

When Gu Chensha regained his senses, he was sweating profusely. He knew that the power of the fierce snake was too great for him to absorb. If he had not released a portion of the power through the fist technique, he might really have exploded. It seemed that he could not sacrifice recklessly.

Fortunately, after three months of research, he had read many ancient books about the sacrifice, and he had deduced some insights from them. He could use the sacrifice to practice his fist technique.

"Hah!"

He circulated his energy slightly, and his fist turned as black as steel. When he punched the boulder, it actually shattered into pieces.

Looking at his hands in delight, Lin Fan thought, "My current strength is probably on par with a Fourth Layer Mortal realm master, but my control of force and mastery of martial arts are still inferior to a Grandmaster."

There was a limit to the strength of a Grandmaster, which was about three bulls. Even a talented Grandmaster with innate divine strength could not exceed five bulls.

That was the limit of the human body. Only by stepping into the Dao Realm could one absorb the Spiritual Qi of Heaven and Earth and use the Spiritual Qi to nourish one's body. Only then could one reach the strength of nine bulls and two tigers.

Now that Gu Chensha had sacrificed the chicken, wolf, bear, and python, his strength was almost four bulls, which was comparable to a peak Grandmaster.

Unfortunately, his martial arts cultivation was not high enough, and he still lacked comprehension, so he could not reach the peak.

In the remaining time, the sacrifice would be useless. He would have to rely on his martial arts to cultivate more profound martial arts. Only then could he become a true Grandmaster. Whoosh!

He leaped up like an agile monkey and scurried up the slippery cliff as if he was walking on flat ground.

In half the time it took to drink a cup of tea, he reached the top of the cliff and looked down, looking for his next prey. He wanted to kill the Tiger-Wolf Sacrifice and obtain the Tiger-Wolf Pill.