Chapter 238
===========

"Li Tiansheng, you can give me your two snake demons." Gu Tanjian made a request. "You can take the Heavenly Demon Book with you. How about that?" "Are you threatening me?"

Li Tiansheng laughed. "These two maidservants are my demon race's most capable subordinates. If I give them to you for no reason, I'll lose face." "No, no, no." Gu Tanjian waved his hand. "Brother Tiansheng, you misunderstand me.

I'm not threatening you. I want to cooperate. I'm interested in your two beauties. I'm willing to buy them with two Dragon Raising Pills. How about it? " "Dragon Raising Pill!"

Li Tiansheng already knew that Gu Zingjian had an elixir condensed from the Dragon Gate Qi of the Primordial Era. It was the Dragon Nourishing Elixir that could turn a fool into a genius. "However, my two maidservants are geniuses themselves. It wasn't easy to nurture them. What are you threatening me for?" "What about ten Dragon Raising Pills?"

Gu Shanjian flipped his hand and took out a transparent bottle from the bottle. In the bottle, there were actually ten Dragon Raising Pills floating in the air. These ten pills could create ten geniuses. Gu Chensha was shocked. "How many Dragon Raising Pills did Gu Tanjian get?

With his strength, it's impossible for him to have such a fortuitous encounter. There must be a powerful figure behind him. Could it really be the Great Spirit God? " "Ten Dragon Raising Pills!" Even Li Tiansheng was envious.

He was born in the Nest of 10,000 Dragons and had seen many things. He knew that this pill was extraordinary and could create ten geniuses as subordinates. Ten geniuses was enough to strengthen his wings and expand his influence.

However, when he looked at the green and white snakes and saw that they were looking at him, he couldn't help but sneer, "Ten Dragon Raising Pills are just inanimate objects. Why would I give up on my subordinates for these pills?" "Is that so? Then what about one Dragon Raising Pill? "

At this time, Gu Tanjian put away the ten Dragon Raising Pills. A crystal appeared in his hand with a pill sealed inside. This pill was like a god with a dragon's head and a human's body. It was only the size of a thumb and emitted an aura as vast as the mountains and seas. This was the Dragon Raising Pill. A single Dragon Creation Pill could turn a person into a peerless genius. Not even Gu Chensha could concoct such a pill.

Not even the Medicine Deity could refine such a pill. Only the Dragon Gate of the Great Desolate Era could congeal it. Li Tiansheng was extremely tempted when he saw the Dragon Creation Pill.

"Brother Tiansheng, I know that your talent is at the pinnacle of genius, but you have yet to become an unparalleled genius. That is why no matter how much you train, it will be difficult for you to reach the Golden Dan of the Great Path."

There was great temptation in Gu Tanjian's words. "Generally speaking, geniuses can only advance to the Jindan of the Great Dao Realm if they have a great encounter. And you seem to be a little lacking, which is why Li Wangsheng is always suppressing you.

If you can obtain this Dragon Creation Pill, you will immediately stand out among your brothers. You will gain a lot of power in the Nest of 10,000 Dragons and obtain countless resources. The price you will pay is these two maidservants, and you will also gain my friendship.

Also, I know that you have enemies in the Nest of 10,000 Dragons. For example, your father's concubine, Que Ying'er. Your father is very fond of her. Many Demon Kings in the Nest of 10,000 Dragons have joined her, and she is slowly eating away at your power. " "How are you so familiar with the inner workings of the Nest of 10,000 Dragons?"

Young Master Li Tiansheng frowned. "Also, you incited my subordinate, Blood Zombie King Zombie Xue He. I have yet to settle this score with you." "These are all trivial matters." Gu Tanjian did not seem to care. "You want to fight with me? How are you going to settle this score with me?

To be honest, you appeared in Wu Zhou City today. If I fight with you, you will not be able to leave! Try me if you don't believe me. I am very sincere in negotiating with you. Otherwise, I will capture you first. You are not qualified to settle this score with me. " "Oh?

I want to see what you have to take me down. "Young Master Li Tiansheng's face was filled with murderous intent.

"You overestimate yourself." Gu Tanjian scattered something into the sky.

In an instant, the entire courtyard was enveloped in a layer of five-colored clouds. Even the ground was covered in a five-colored mist.

"This is …" Young Master Li Tiansheng was shocked. "This is the Five Elements …"

"That's right, this is the Five Elements God-Trapping Smoke. This smoke was refined by an ancient deity, and after I obtained it, I truly mastered it. Now that you're inside, it can be said that it's hard for you to escape from me. If you don't believe me, feel free to attack me." Gu Shengjian had his hands behind his back, and everything was within his control.

"Blade, come!"

Young Master Li Tiansheng already had a shining blade in his hand. With a slight movement, a blade ray that could cut down a mountain appeared and slashed at Gu Tanjian.

However, the blade ray had only flown three steps away from his body when the five-colored clouds in the sky flashed and disappeared without a trace.

"How is it? Inside the Five Elements Soul-trapping Smoke, any of your attacks will be absorbed by it. "

Gu Tanjian did not attack, as if he had no intention of dealing with Li Tiansheng. "You are Li Wanlong's son and have seen many things. I don't think I need to explain how powerful the Five Elements Soul-trapping Smoke is." "What exactly do you want?"

Li Tiansheng had already seen how powerful the smoke was. Gu Tanjian's strength was unfathomable, so he could not act rashly.

"I want to be friends with brother Tiansheng."

Gu Tanjian waved his hand, and the five-colored smoke suddenly disappeared. The world became clear again, and thousands of stars shone down.

Li Tiansheng's heart trembled when he saw this. He knew that Gu Tanjian had already cultivated this treasure to the point where he could use it freely.

At this moment, the Iron Roc King, who was standing in the corridor, said, "Young Master, the prince has good intentions. He only wants two little snake demons. Why do you have to reject him?" "Iron Roc King, even you have joined Gu Tanjian?" Li Tiansheng was shocked.

"A fine bird chooses a good tree to nest in."

The Iron Roc King did not feel awkward at all. "The Crown Prince is very powerful and has an unimaginable power supporting him. It's only natural for me to side with the Crown Prince. In our Yao race, the strong are respected. I think the Young Master should just side with the Crown Prince. With the Crown Prince's help, the Crown Prince will definitely have a great advantage in the Nest of 10,000 Dragons." "Good, good, good … Very good."

Li Tiansheng was furious. "You and Jiang Xuehe have betrayed me again and again. Aren't you afraid of my methods?" "Young Master, don't make it sound so bad."

Iron Roc King said, "We are all Demon Kings, and also a feudal lord of a region. I command the Iron Roc Clan, while Jiang Xue He commands the Blood Zombie Clan. Although we obey Lord Demon Saint's command and respectfully call you Young Master, but with your cultivation, it is still a bit of a stretch to think that we will bow our heads and listen to you. Recently, your power has been gradually declining, and you are being suppressed by Li Wangsheng and Lord Demon Saint's concubine. You can't give us any benefits, do you really think we are loyal to you? Even these two snakes are only moderately loyal to you. " "You!" Li Tiansheng was speechless. In the demon race, the strong were respected and benefits were the most important.

The Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons was the holy land of the demon race. Many kings of the demon race obeyed its orders. However, they were just feudal lords. They were not like the human empires where the emperor had the power to kill or abolish.

"Alright, Iron Roc King."

Gu Tanjian waved his hand to stop him. "Brother Tiansheng, if you and I work together, we can definitely make a name for ourselves. Why keep us at a distance?" "Alright, I promise you."

Li Tiansheng's expression changed. In the end, he said, "These two snake spirits are yours. Give me a Dragon Creation Pill and I will leave immediately." "Young Master!"

Little Qing shouted. Her intuition told her that falling into the hands of Gu Tanjian would not end well.

"Young Master, we are also Demon Kings of the White Snake Clan and Green Snake Clan. You don't have the right to sell us like goods." The white snake said calmly.

"How dare you? I told you that you were not loyal." The Iron Roc King became arrogant.

"What? Even you don't listen to my orders? "Li Tiansheng's expression turned ugly.

"Young Master, please return the Book of Heavenly Demon to us."

The white snake's attitude became firm. "This Book of Heavenly Demon is our fate. Giving it to Young Master is a favor from the old master of the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons. However, since Young Master is so heartless to us, we will personally give it to the old master."

"How dare you two lowly servants speak to Young Master like this?" The Iron Roc King smiled sinisterly.

Gu Tanjian waved his hand. "Brother Li, you don't have to worry about these two little snake demons. Now that they are in my hands, they will naturally listen to me. They won't be able to escape. Brother Li and I should discuss some specific matters. I will do my best to help Brother Li seize power in the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons." "Alright."

Li Tiansheng naturally wouldn't return the Book of Heavenly Demon to the two snakes. "Brother Bouncing Sword, I also want to borrow your strength to defeat those people who plotted against me in the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons."

"Let's talk after I subdue these two snake demons. These two girls are very useful to me. Thank you, Brother Tiansheng." Gu Tanjian looked at the two snakes.

"These two snakes are really unlucky this year. If they hide and cultivate the Book of Heavenly Demon, who would they be afraid of when they reach greater mastery of their demonic arts? However, these two girls must not fall into the hands of Gu Tanjian. "

Gu Chensha had long seen through it. "The fate of these two girls is inseparable from the Book of Heavenly Demon. As long as I obtain these two girls, I can take back the Book of Heavenly Demon at any time. I can't let them fall into the hands of Gu Tanjian. " "Heaven and Earth Essence Spirit, Starlight Fills the Sky!" At that instant, Gu Chensha activated his Dharma spell. Suddenly, a cluster of stars flickered in the north.

"Fighting Wood Centipede, Golden Bull Niu, Earth Bat of Girl, Void Sun Rat, Dangerous Moon Swallow, Room Fire Boar, Wall Water Centipede. Northern Black Tortoise Seven Constellations, come out! "

The moment the Ancient Dust Sand was activated, the seven constellations of the Black Tortoise descended from the northern sky. The sky was filled with starlight, and the stars in the sky connected into one. The seven constellations of the Black Tortoise were activated.

The ancient art of astrology divided some of the stars in the sky into the 28 constellations. They were the Seven Constellations of the Eastern Azure Dragon, the Seven Constellations of the Southern Vermillion Bird, the Seven Constellations of the Northern Black Tortoise, and the Seven Constellations of the Western White Tiger.

Starlight descended, and in an instant, seven Astral Divine Beasts appeared. The seven Astral Divine Beasts revolved around each other, forming a Black Tortoise formed from the power of the stars. This was Gu Chensha's current strength.

He was connected to the celestial phenomena and comprehended the mysteries of the stars. He was able to penetrate the earth and comprehend the profoundness of the Nine Hells. The Astral Black Tortoise instantly condensed into a form in the courtyard and shook. Pop, pop, pop …

The Astral Black Tortoise wrapped around the two snakes and suddenly shook. Countless starlight exploded, and some five-colored smoke exploded in the air. Then, the Astral Black Tortoise disappeared with the two snakes and Gu Chensha.

Following that, the Book of Heavenly Demon in the hands of Young Master Li Tiansheng also released light and flew away. This series of changes made Gu Tanjian and Li Tiansheng unable to react at all.

"The Book of Heavenly Demon's 28 Constellations Fiend Transformation!" Gu Tanjian roared, "How can these two snakes cultivate such a profound Dharma spell?"

When Gu Chensha had activated it, it had been silent. No one had expected that it would be this inconspicuous scholar.