Chapter 741
===========

With this move, Gu Chensha could completely capture Fa Wuxian.

Although Fa Wuxian was the reincarnation of the Infinity Umbrella, he hadn't truly become one with the treasure. The person was the treasure, and the treasure was the person.

If Fa Wuxian had another three to five years to build his own force and carry out the sacrifice, it would be basically impossible to take him away. He could only suppress the person and the treasure together.

"This is the Divine Prefecture Grand Technique, the ultimate technique of the Xing Qiong clan. I have to say that the Divine Prefecture Grand Technique has opened up a new path and grasped the key point of cultivation. If the Xing Qiong clan had the spirit to give up, they would have already broken through the Heaven Primordial realm and become the first supreme giant to do so." The Divine Prefecture that Gu Chensha had transformed into continued the sacrifice, and its power surged into the depths of the Infinity Umbrella. The Infinity Umbrella actually started to be engraved with Gu Chensha's spiritual imprint.

The Divine Prefecture Grand Technique that Gu Chensha had transformed into was already close to the true perfection of the 100th layer. This was also one of his trump cards. At the most critical moment, he could even directly abandon himself and become one with the Divine Prefecture. Who knew what miraculous changes would happen.

"Stop right there!"

At this moment, Fa Wuxian's heart seemed to be shrouded by a huge fear. He finally understood how powerful Gu Chensha was. He originally thought that after becoming a Sage, he could completely suppress Gu Chensha, but he didn't expect Gu Chensha to have so many miraculous techniques. Even if he didn't use the power of the dimensional realm, he could completely suppress him with just his own strength.

He steeled his heart, "In that case, Gu Chensha, you forced me to do this. The true meaning of Infinity, the annihilation of all techniques, I offer my blood spirit to this spirit treasure!

Since you want to take my Infinity Umbrella, I might as well give myself to you. I can abandon myself to protect what belongs to me. " Bang! His body exploded.

This was a true explosion. He activated some kind of secret technique. This secret technique was to sacrifice himself to make the strongest attack. This was the most tragic technique of legalism, called "Sacrifice to protect". Sacrifice oneself to protect the law in one's heart. The Infinity Umbrella was Fa Wuxian's Dharma. He wanted to protect it and sacrifice himself.

At the moment of the explosion, Fa Wuxian turned into a blood-red light. With a flash, he merged into the depths of the Infinity Umbrella that was about to be taken away by Gu Chensha. Instantly, a layer of blood appeared on the Infinity Umbrella. The blood-red color instantly spread out and occupied most of the Infinity Umbrella.

"Fa Wuxian, you do have some skills."

Gu Chensha's body suddenly appeared, and the divine land that he had transformed into disappeared. The billions of living beings also turned into him at the same time, returning to the original body of the Heavenly Dao.

After Gu Chensha mastered the Heavenly Dao Technique, he had endless transformations. The biggest change was naturally the divine continent that he had evolved. As long as the divine continent was more realistic, his power would be greater.

Now that he had successfully forced Fa Wuxian to the last step, he naturally stopped while he was ahead. His body turned back into his original form and withdrew all of his power. This was equivalent to making all of Fa Wuxian's counterattacks miss.

Fa Wuxian abandoned the power that he had transformed into and began to spread on the Infinity Umbrella. As long as he could become one with the Infinity Umbrella, not only would he not die, but he would also improve further. He would become one with the treasure and truly become the soul of the Infinity Umbrella.

From then on, the umbrella would be him, and he would be the umbrella. No one would be able to take the umbrella away.

However, just as Fa Wuxian began to become one with the umbrella, Gu Chensha suddenly grabbed the handle of the umbrella and injected a wave of power into it. The power of the Heavenly Dao Technique was like a needle, repeatedly stimulating Fa Wuxian's soul, causing him to be unable to truly become one with the umbrella.

"Gu Chensha, you will die a horrible death!"

Fa Wuxian's voice came from the umbrella. Just now, he had abandoned everything of his body to become one with the umbrella. If he had succeeded, he would have naturally been able to break free from Gu Chensha's control and become free and unfettered. But now, he was almost stopped by Gu Chensha. This kind of feeling made him want to kill Gu Chensha millions of times to vent the hatred in his heart.

The Infinity Umbrella transmitted a wave of power, which gathered into divine lightning and continuously bombarded Gu Chensha's body, trying to make Gu Chensha lose his grip on the umbrella. At this time, in the depths of the space-time turbulence, a strange scene appeared. A man opened a huge umbrella and stood under it like the most powerful god in the world.

But the huge umbrella let out an angry roar, and endless lightning burst out of it, bombarding the man fiercely, but to no avail. The man still held the umbrella handle, not loosening his grip.

"Fa Wuxian, don't rush. Take it slow. This is the time to compete with willpower." Gu Chensha was naturally the man holding the umbrella handle.

Fa Wuxian's main body had become one with the umbrella, which was a good thing for him. It could make many changes to Fa Wuxian's body, forcing him to compete with his willpower. After so many rounds of fighting, the real battle of willpower between the two of them had begun.

As long as Gu Chensha could hold on, he would slowly pour his power into the Infinity Umbrella, and Fa Wuxian's willpower would be completely suppressed. In the end, he would not be able to cause any trouble, and he would be subdued. Rumble!

After an unknown period of time, Gu Chensha's power was getting stronger and stronger. It was as though his powers had completely permeated into every corner of the Infinity Umbrella, and he had completely comprehended the secrets of the core of the umbrella.

The most precious thing about this umbrella was the secret of the Endless Land. The reason why Gu Chensha wanted to get his hands on this umbrella was so that he could spy on the Endless Land, or what the Heaven Realm was up to. His original willpower was undergoing some sort of metamorphosis, and from there, he could spy on the direction of the future.

But of course, if he could get his hands on the secrets of the Heaven Realm, it would be of great help to Gu Chensha in comprehending the highest secret skills and leveling up to the God level.

If he could refine this Infinity Umbrella and fuse it into his body like the Wanxiang Destruction Cudgel, Extrication Bow, and Constant and Impermanence Arrows, Gu Chensha would obtain even more resources, and leveling up to the God level would be just around the corner.

"Gu Chensha, I won't let you have your way. I already know that you're not tolerated by the Heaven Realm."

At this moment, Fa Wuxian, who had completely fused with the umbrella and become one with it, seemed to have comprehended something. "Everything you're doing now is to guide the lives of the world. However, you yourself are a great scourge. No matter how much you do, you'll have to bear more karma in the future. In the future, you'll definitely be hated and spurned by your people. They'll eventually wake up and think that you and the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Jing Xian Si are both deceiving them. In the end, you'll all die a tragic death." Fa Wuxian's voice and will kept coming out from the umbrella.

The Infinity Umbrella was shrinking, but the thunderbolts were getting bigger and bigger. These thunderbolts were not formed by the friction between the Yin and Yang Qis, but the wrath of the Heaven Realm.

The Heaven Realm, which was also the Endless World, seemed to have developed a strong enmity towards Gu Chensha.

The Endless Thirty-six Treasures could be said to be the sons of the Endless Mainland. Now that Gu Chensha wanted to kill his sons, it was only natural that the Endless Mainland would be enraged. This enraged will turned into Godly Thunder. This was the true Thunder of the Heaven Realm, and it was bent on killing Gu Chensha.

"This is the will of the Endless Mainland. You want to go against me as well?"

Gu Chensha frowned slightly. "However, since Father can suppress the Heaven's Will, I can suppress the will of the Heaven Realm as well. Furthermore, the Heaven's Will has lost a certain power of its own. It's the same for the Heaven Realm. The Heaven Realm is the Heaven Realm of the living beings, and not your own Heaven Realm."

He channeled his Heaven's Will Power to the fullest as he absorbed the Godly Thunder and tempered himself.

Bzzt bzzt bzzt. Bzzt bzzt bzzt. Countless Godly Thunder exploded on his body, as though it had caused him great damage. However, he still held onto the handle of the Infinity Umbrella without letting go. Just like that, the two of them faced off against each other.

Gu Chensha had the upper hand, but in such a short time, it was impossible for him to subdue and suppress Fa Wuxian. After all, Fa Wuxian was one of the Endless Thirty-six Sons. How could he be subdued so easily?

In the process of refining, Gu Chensha could also feel that Fa Wuxian's fate energy was increasing, and there were other changes taking place. Of course, this was under the premise that Gu Chensha did not use the medium dimension.

From the beginning to the end, Gu Chensha had only used his own strength. He did not rely on any external force. Yet, he was able to force Fa Wuxian to such an extent. If news of this were to spread, it would be a miracle among miracles. It could be said that even a Heavenly Venerable would not be able to force Fa Wuxian, who had cultivated to the level of a Sage, to such an extent.

Of course, this did not mean that Gu Chensha could contend with a Heavenly Venerable with his own strength. It was just that his Heaven's Will Power could restrain the Infinity Treasure.

In addition, he had rich combat experience. He used all kinds of methods to force Fa Wuxian into a disadvantageous position.

"Fa Wuxian, it is impossible for you to win this time. Rather than continuing to resist like this and becoming weaker and weaker, it is better for you to completely rely on our Tranquil Immortal Department. I will give you a chance."

Gu Chensha still did not move. "If you are still stubborn, I will refine you until the last bit of your consciousness disappears. Because at this time, I will not be able to hold back anymore."

"Gu Chensha, I admit that your methods are powerful. This time, I have been forced to this extent by you. Given time, if you really cultivate to the God level, let alone me, even the Dharma Saint will not be able to do anything to you." Fa Wuxian suddenly roared, "Lord The Great Spirit God, hurry up and save me." "What?" Gu Chensha's expression flickered.

When he heard the words' The Great Spirit God ', he had a bad feeling. However, he quickly regained his composure. It was in that exact moment that a jade-white hand appeared out of nowhere and appeared noiselessly behind him.

The hand radiated an aura of destruction, and as soon as it appeared, Gu Chensha felt as if a devil-god had appeared out of the primordial chaos. It was a skeleton on the outside, and flesh and blood on the inside. It had horns and compound eyes, as well as countless arms and legs. All of these heads had different expressions and emotions, and all of them were staring at Gu Chensha, making it impossible for him to move.