Chapter 620
===========

The Myriad Laxes Dragon Zither continued to spin in Yu Huanlu's sea of consciousness, automatically playing many beautiful notes. These notes swam through her meridians, and every time they spun, her body would be cleansed, and her Nascent Spirit would grow stronger.

However, she didn't have time to worry about that right now. Instead, she looked around at the man in the loose robe and bronze mask.

"Who are you?

If my guess is correct, you must be one of the old-timers who stands at the peak of the world. That's why you dared to make a move against the Celestial Calmness Department. Your cultivation base should be even higher than the Dharma Saint's.

Do you think that not even the Dharma Saint would dare to do this to the Celestial Calmness Department? Arresting an official of the imperial court is a grave crime. Don't make a mistake. "

Although Yuhuan Lu had fallen into the enemy's hands, she was neither servile nor overbearing. She displayed her excellent upbringing and the might of the imperial court.

"You're quite calm, little girl. The Celestial Calmness Department has raised you well. You've managed to create a medium-grade world with just a few brats. That's a miracle that hasn't happened since ancient times. I've been creating a medium-grade world since the Primeval Era, and it took me eighty to ninety thousand years to succeed. Who knows how many tribulations and hardships I've gone through, how many enemies I've killed, and how much effort I've put into nurturing living beings and gathering faith to make it work perfectly?

But that group of little guys succeeded so easily. It really makes me feel that the heavens favor them. "Immortal Master Wan seemed to be in a good mood.

"Just who are you? Aren't you afraid of the imperial court's arrest?

The Thunder Clan's Thunder Extreme Origin and Thunder Extreme Blood Extreme Ancestor are still kneeling on the plaza below the royal court. Is this lesson not enough to intimidate ambitious people like you? "Yu Huanlu's voice became sharp.

"Hahahaha …" Wan Senshi laughed. "Lightning Essence and Lightning Blood Essence, those two brats, were punished to kneel because they didn't have the ability. Not to mention them, even their ancestor, the Thunder God, is just a child to me. As for you, I can tell that you have the blood of the Jade God in you. You're her descendant. The Jade God even asked me for guidance in the past.

Now that the Jade Deity has been sealed, you, a descendant of the Jade Deity, are actually siding with the enemy? Isn't that the same as betraying your master and destroying your ancestors? "

"The imperial court has its own rules. The gods have interfered with the mortal world and suppressed the common people. The common people rebelled against the heavenly will and rebelled against the gods. This is a normal behavior."

Yuhuan Lu was not moved at all. "You call yourself an elder, but no matter who you are, under the law, you cannot escape judgment. No matter how glib your tongue is, do you think you can shake my loyalty to the court?" "The little girl has been brainwashed quite well."

Wan Senshi said, "Do you think that I can't do anything to you just because you have the Dragon Zither of Nature to protect you?

This zither is the treasure of the Star Dragon Tribe. However, the chief of the entire Star Dragon Tribe was my junior back then. I can take this zither from you at any time. "

"I don't know where this zither came from, and it's not that I don't fear you because of some treasure. It's just that behind me stands the Imperial Court, the Calming Immortal Department, and the Emperor!"

A mocking smile appeared on Yuhuan Lu's face. "You call yourself an elder, and everyone is your junior, but you are more cowardly than anyone else.

When the Emperor suppressed the Divine Prefecture, why didn't you come out? When we, the Calming Immortal Department, purged the imperial court and all the aristocratic families, you didn't come out either. But now, you only dare to attack me. Clearly, your view is limited, and you still can't escape from the scope of intrigue. " "Little girl, aren't you afraid that I will make you wish you were dead?

If you fall into my hands, I can take you into my medium-class world and let you suffer the pain of ten thousand reincarnations.

In that medium-class world, I will turn you into the most degrading prostitute, lock you in a cage, and let you receive customers every day, day and night. Apart from that, I will let you suffer all the pain in the mortal world.

In addition, I will erect a pillar in the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, tie you to the pillar, and announce to the Immortal Dao, so that all the cultivators of the Immortal Dao will come and pluck you.

How your Calming Immortal Department treated and humiliated the Extreme Thunder Source and Extreme Thunder Blood, I will add ten times the humiliation to you.

I will let the entire Immortal Dao know what kind of torture the people of Calming Immortal Department have to go through. "

All of a sudden, Wan Senshi's tone changed. It was cold and eerie, as if he had turned into a supreme devil from the deepest part of hell.

"Hahaha …" Yuhuan Lu laughed again. "Come on, come on. Just now, you mentioned the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals. So, you are Wan Senshi, the one who has been very active recently?

If I was afraid of this, I wouldn't have joined the Calming Immortal Department. Immortal Master Wan, I've long since been prepared to endure all kinds of suffering and humiliation. I'm not afraid of death. There's nothing in this world that I'm afraid of.

In any case, Calming Immortal Department will help me seek justice for all the suffering and hatred I have suffered. " "Just by relying on those little guys? Their means are still a bit immature. "

Wan Senshi said disdainfully, "The reason why I caught you this time is actually to set up a trap, to let those little guys walk right into the trap.

I know that those little guys from Calming Immortal Department already know that I have caught you, so they will definitely come to your rescue.

For the time being, Calming Immortal Department will not really go to war with me for the sake of the peace of the world. But I don't care. I can start a war at any time. I don't care what happens to the world. "

"Perhaps Calming Immortal Department can't do anything to you, but His Majesty can definitely suppress you. When His Majesty returns, it will be your doomsday."

Yuhuan Lu said, "Many old fogies think that His Majesty has completely disappeared. But not long ago, what happened in the imperial court has made many experts thoroughly aware of His Majesty's means. Wan Senshi, let me see what kind of ability you have that makes you dare to be so rebellious." "Humph!

Little girl, you have a sharp tongue. I really want to see if you can still be so stubborn when you are really in a situation where you can neither live nor die. That Emperor Gu Taxian?

He will soon disappear completely. Do you think you can understand the mystery behind it? "Wan Senshi's voice returned to its cold tone.

As he spoke, he casually waved his hand. Instantly, countless sparks swirled around Yuhuan Lu, trying to drill into her body. RUMBLE!

At this moment, the Natural Sound Dragon Zither in Yuhuan Lu's sea of consciousness let out a hurried sound.

Then, streams of power seeped out and formed into musical notes that wrapped around Yuhuan Lu, blocking the torment of the sparks.

"What?"

Wan Senshi's tone was a bit surprised. "Myriad Sounds Dragon Zither, you're actually using up your vital energy to protect this little girl?

You have to know that you are a treasure, and the fact that the Star Dragon Clan has been condensing you for countless years has given you a huge reserve. Even a Saint wouldn't be able to refine you, but you definitely can't block my power. Do you want to die? " Ding dong! Ding dong!

The Myriad Sounds Dragon Zither let out a very determined sound, as if it was telling Wan Senshi that it would rather die in glory than live in dishonor.

"Oh? You said that if I force you, you'll use your self-destruction technique? You'll die together with this little girl? "

Wan Senshi said, "That's right. You do have that ability. Even if there were ten of you, you still wouldn't be a match for me. However, you still have the right to die. I can't stop you from dying, nor can I make you suffer a fate worse than death. I admit to that."

The Myriad Sounds Dragon Zither was a connate cardinal treasure, the rumored treasure of the Star Dragon Clan. However, before Wan Senshi, it was still nothing. However, it had the right to self-destruction. In front of Immortal Master Wan, an ordinary god-rank expert wouldn't even have the right to die.

The power released by the Myriad Sounds Dragon Zither became even stronger, and it never stopped. It formed a sphere, protecting Yuhuan Lu tightly.

"As a treasure, you're willing to die to protect this little girl. It seems that she isn't just a fated person. Instead, you're under some kind of coercion."

Wan Senshi asked, "Did the Star Dragon Clan or you come into contact with that Gu Taxian in the past?" Ding dong, ding dong … The Myriad Sounds Dragon Zither rang out again.

"Haha …" Wan Senshi listened carefully and laughed again. "You're actually trying to persuade me to submit to the imperial court? You're just a tiny dragon zither, yet you don't know your place. " "I think you're the one who doesn't know your place."

Yuhuan Lu said, "Deep down, you admit that you're no match for His Majesty. You can only stir up trouble in the dark, attempting to complete some kind of conspiracy. Actually, His Majesty can give you what you want. Why do you have to neglect the essentials and do something that's impossible to accomplish? You can kill me now, but it seems that I also have the ability to commit suicide. However, I still want to see what will happen to you. " "Do you really think that you have the ability to commit suicide?"

Wan Senshi said, "I only need to spend some time and means to completely separate the Myriad Sounds Dragon Zither from your sea of consciousness. You'll still be in a state where you can neither live nor die.

This Myriad Sounds Dragon Zither doesn't know what realm I've reached. Its understanding of me is still stuck in the ancient and desolate era. Since you're so stubborn, I'll let you know what true supreme power is. Gu Taxian! Hmph!

He's just a freak from god knows where. Once I complete the Great Ritual of Salvation, he'll be devoured by the Heavenly Dao.

As for me, Wan Senshi will become the Master of Salvation. When that time comes, I'll be the only one with the authority to wield the Heavenly Dao. If it weren't for that freak called Gu Taxian, I wouldn't have this opportunity. In the end, I still have to thank him. "

"What are you talking about? I don't understand, but I know that you'll definitely fail," Yuhuan Lu said.

"I originally thought that a little girl like you would know what's good for you and take me as your master. I would definitely impart a supreme heart technique to you and allow you to refine this dragon zither. However, you've actually insulted me. You've missed out on a supreme opportunity."

Wan Senshi said, "I can elevate you to the level of an Innate Saint. As long as I nurture you, you'll become a Deity within a few decades. However, none of that has anything to do with you now. "