Chapter 671
===========

The Dharma Saint actually had such a secret. If not for Xing Qiongshi, no one in the Tranquil Immortal Department would have known about it.

However, this also explained why the Heavenly Demon Clan was willing to pay any price to help the Dharma Saint ascend to a medium-class world.

The Warlock Saint was going to lead the Heavenly Demon Race very soon. His power was no longer the human aristocratic family of the past. Instead, he was going to be a superpower. In fact, he was going to become a supreme overlord that was comparable to the Immortal Masters and Immortal Masters.

"Primordial Demon Heart!"

Gu Chensha had obtained many secrets of the Buddhist Sect, and he knew what the Primordial Demon Heart was. It was the ancestor of all devils, the source of all evil, and the key to controlling the various Demon Realms. It was also because of the existence of the Primordial Demon Heart that God Maha had not completely controlled the Demon Realms, nor had he subdued the Heavenly Demon Clan.

This resulted in the Heavenly Demon Clan and the Sovereign Demon Clan being on equal footing in the Demon Realms. Neither had the upper hand.

Ever since God Maha had been sealed, the Sovereign Demon Clan, the Maha Clan, had begun to weaken. They had no choice but to join forces with the Immortal Master to prevent themselves from being destroyed. Some of these relationships were very complicated.

"Of course, the Dharma Saint will definitely become a major figure in the future, but the most terrifying one is not the Dharma Saint." Xing Qiongshi said, "It's not the three Heavenly Sovereigns, and it's not Wan Senshi." "It's the Great Spirit God." Gu Chensha said calmly.

"That's right, it's the Great Spirit God."

Xing Qiongshi looked at Gu Chensha with admiration. "He has already devoured the Sorcerer Ancestor and is about to complete the final transformation. Once he succeeds, his cultivation will not be any lower than Wan Senshi's. Moreover, his arrangements are even more profound than Wan Senshi's, and he has many hidden methods. Apart from that, he has also obtained the god oaths of many of the deified true gods. This is just the gods wanting him to break the seal and release them from the outside. Once the true gods are released, they will worship him as the King of Gods. Even God Maha is no exception." "Where is the Great Spirit God now?" Wen Hong asked.

"I don't know."

Xing Qiongshi shook his head. "I'm unable to divine the existence of this God. If I could divine him so easily, I'm afraid he wouldn't be the Great Spirit God."

"We don't have any leads or solutions for the Mighty Miracle God's matter for the time being. Fortunately, the chess piece he set up is the ancient bullet sword. Through the ancient bullet sword, we can ferret him out."

Gu Chensha said. He then changed the topic, "Lord Xing Qiong Shi, I heard from Dou Yi Yu that you killed a few Ancient Heavenly Sons back then, along with the Gods of Five Seasons who were by his side. Is that why the Gods of Five Seasons' throne fell into your hands?" "No."

A look of ridicule appeared on Xing Qiongshi's face, "It was the three Heavenly Lords who killed the Gods of Seasons. It has nothing to do with me. The three Heavenly Lords impersonated me, and the True God seat of the Gods of Seasons has fallen into the hands of the three Heavenly Lords. If I'm not wrong, it should be in the hands of Dou Yiyu." "What a cunning woman."

Gu Chensha knew that Xing Qiongshi wouldn't lie. Dou Yiyu, on the other hand, was feigning civility. It was hard to guess what she was thinking.

"Your subordinate is the reincarnation of the Gods of Five Seasons. If he can obtain the throne of the Gods of Five Seasons, then he will be perfect."

Xing Qiongshi continued to observe the dimensional world. "If the Gods of Five Seasons return to their positions, then the cycle of seasons, the changes of yin and yang will be perfect. The power of this world will be flawless. Even if I were to be inside, I might not be able to escape.

Of course, if you add in the Lord of the Sun Moon and refine them into the world, then the Sun Moon will be perfect. It will surpass any dimensional world. Even the worlds of the three Heavenly Lords added together won't be a match for the Common People's Wish of your Celestial Calmness Department. " "So Lord Xing Qiongshi also knows about the Lord of the Sun Moon."

Gu Chensha was also searching for the Lord of the Sun Moon, but he had no clue. He naturally knew how strong the Lord of the Sun Moon was. Since ancient times, there had only been Sons of Heaven who had appeared, but the Lord of the Sun Moon had never appeared. From this, one could see how tyrannical the Lord of the Sun Moon was.

"The reason why I came to your dimensional space this time is that I want to find the Master of the Sun-Moon with your luck. But what you have said has opened a new path for me. It has given me hope to cultivate the 100th level of the Divine Land Great Method. Other than that, I also want to comprehend the secrets of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. "

Xing Qiongshi bluntly said. "In return, I will restrain Wan Senshi and allow you to rescue that Yuhuan Lu." "Since that's the case, Lord Xing Qiongshi, please make your move." Gu Chensha calmly said.

"There's no rush. I want to wait for the results.

What about Chang Weiyang and Dou Yiyu? "Xing Qiongshi's eyes drooped, he no longer spoke and fell into deep thought.

"Your Highness, this Xing Qiongshi has entered our dimensional world, it's akin to inviting a wolf into the house." A bitter smile appeared on Zhuge Ya's face. They were far away from Xing Qiongshi, discussing on the other side.

"There's an opportunity amidst danger."

Gu Chensha said, "Of course, this is a great danger, but nothing ventured, nothing gained. Besides, the method I proposed is the only chance for Xing Qiongshi to master the Divine Land's Grand Method to the 100th level. If he doesn't take the initiative to contribute and completely integrate with the Divine Land, he won't be able to break through. What I said is the truth.

"If Xing Qiongshi really abandons himself to help the Divine Continent, he might really be able to cultivate to an unprecedented realm. It's just a matter of whether he's willing or not. If he's unwilling, he won't gain anything."

Wen Hong deeply understood this logic. "Naturally, Xing Qiongshi definitely has his own selfish motives. He might even have thoughts of taking over the Divine Continent. I can say for sure that he wants to seize your dimensional world, and he definitely doesn't have any good intentions. Because no matter how much he cultivates, he would need at least a thousand years to refine a dimensional world. In fact, he might not even succeed. But time waits for no man.

In truth, he's looking for an opportunity. If the Celestial Tranquility Department is surrounded and there's a loophole, he would immediately act from the inside. He would refine the World Tree and control the entire dimensional world. Everything you've done would be for him. " "I naturally know this. We can't let our guard down."

Gu Chensha said, "If it weren't for this, it would have been impossible for me to obtain his complete Divine Continent Grand Arts cultivation method. In addition, the truth is that Xing Qiongshi can give me a tremendous pressure in our dimensional world, allowing me to accelerate my transformation. I've decided to use this pressure to quickly reach the 29 Transformations and comprehend the realm of primal chaos. Of course, this is easy, but the most difficult part is that I want to perceive Divergences!

I want to better control the Heavenly Dao Arts. Now that the King of Divergences is here, isn't he the best target for us to observe? " "That's right."

Zhuge Ya thought for a moment, weighing the pros and cons. Finally, he nodded. "Xing Qiongshi is the King of Divergences, and he also refined a heaven-defying Divergences Pill. He wants to turn his subordinates into divergences, and his comprehension of divergences can be said to be unrivalled in the world.

While he's in our dimensional world, he's studying our secrets, but we're also studying his secrets and structure. With the King of Divergences as a blueprint, it'll be difficult to hide any secrets from us. Like this, our comprehension of divergences will be even deeper. " "That's what I'm really thinking."

Gu Chensha nodded. He turned to Wen Hong, Tai Xuan, and Ji Qingwu and explained, "In a way, it's the same as me tricking Xing Qiongshi here to be our experimental subject. What better chance is there than right now? If we can all perceive divergences, then our strength will increase by dozens of times." "You really are a broad-minded person."

Tai Xuan praised. "Originally, I didn't approve of you luring Xing Qiongshi into our dimensional world. This is the same as placing us in a dangerous situation. But now that you've said it, it's true that riches come from danger. The world is changing and it's no longer possible for us to develop peacefully. If we don't do something extraordinary, then I fear we'll be eliminated in the future. "

"That's right. Right now, we have to break the rules in everything we do. That's the only way we can stand tall in this world. We've intentionally invited a wolf into our house and pitted our wits against the Xing Qiong Clan. We've managed to pry into the secrets of the King of Oddities from him.

Ji Qingwu also thought about this. "If we're afraid of doing things, even afraid of Xing Qiongshi in our dimensional world, then we'll definitely fall in the future. There's no suspense at all."

"Actually, Headmaster Chang Weiyang has already thought about this. That's why she gave up everything.

He even gave up the great cause of the universe's Profound Sect just to fight with Dou Yiyu. This kind of courage is not something that ordinary giants can have. You see, even the Xing Qiong Clan couldn't take a gamble and integrate themselves into the Divine Land. "

Gu Chensha said, "In this universe, even existences like the Celestial Lord and Wan Senshi can't completely grasp the future. The future is just a gamble."

"We have the advantage. At the very least, we will have an endless stream of strength rolling in from within this dimensional realm."

Wen Hong said, "The destiny and wish of more than 20 billion people are supporting us at all times. No matter how high Xing Qiongshi's cultivation is, it'll be difficult for him to do anything to us. As our way of ruling a country becomes more exquisite, we'll once again revitalize the destiny of the country and unite the hearts of the people. In front of the power of the people, Xing Qiongshi won't be able to resist. Next, I'll make my move.

I'll help the imperial court eat up the Great Wei Dynasty. As long as we eat up the Great Wei Dynasty, we'll establish an academy and spread the will of the people. Everyone will have the will to mend the heavens and change the heavens. Then, the strength of the entire sphere will increase by tens of times. I want to see how Xing Qiongshi will resist. My battle with Xing Qiongshi will begin.

I won't fight him head-on. Instead, I'll use the way of ruling a country to supplement the will of the people to crush him. This is a brilliant battle. I'll use the lives of the people as chess pieces and fate as the board to play a game with him. "