Chapter 194
===========

This time, the two of them were really focused on cultivating.

The Buzhou Palace matter was over and the two of them knew that if they didn't raise their strength quickly, they wouldn't be able to take control of the Calming Celestial Department. Not to mention, they wouldn't be able to make the Celestial Path pay taxes, do labor, ascend to the throne, etc.

Heaven Talisman Emperor had given them such a heavy responsibility. If they messed it up and became a joke to the world, then not just Lou Baiyue, but even Gu Chensha would feel really useless. Their Xiantian Earth Energy circulated in their bodies and they spun faster and faster. Each time they did so, Gu Chensha's Xiantian Earth Energy would become more agile.

From Dao Realm Seventh Transformation Leaving the Ground to Eighth Transformation Samadhi True Fire, one had to continuously circulate one's body's Xiantian Earth Energy, allowing it to circulate as one wished. In the end, it would shake and give birth to a true fire.

Giving birth to a true fire represented that one's innate astral energy had reached a certain large success in revolving. Gu Chensha's Sun and Moon Dragon Handle was incredibly powerful and it contained the Dao of Life and Death. It could bring the dead back to life and regrow flesh and bones. It was a transcendent spirit medicine in itself and also possessed a transcendent killing power. For such astral energy to truly revolve and give birth to a Samadhi true fire was thousands of times more difficult than for an ordinary disciple of the Immortal or Demonic Path.

If it wasn't for Lou Baiyue's help, after he stepped into Dao Realm Sixth Transformation, he would have to cultivate for at least 10 years to step into Seventh Transformation and then dozens of years to step into Eighth Transformation.

After all, his talent was just that of a genius. As for the ancient Sons of Heaven, they were all Sons of Heaven and their talents were even higher than Fa Wuxian's.

With the talent of the Son of Heaven, cultivating the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique was naturally extremely quick.

Originally, for Gu Chensha to use the Sun Moon Dragon Energy alone consumed a lot of mental energy. But with Lou Baiyue's help, it was as light as a feather.

Who knew how long passed? All the acupoints in Gu Chensha's body condensed a ball of Sun Moon Dragon Energy. The dragon energy turned into a whirlpool.

At the same time, in the depths of his dantian, many Sun Moon Dragon Energy formed talismans. They circulated according to the rules and actually turned into a treasure. That magical treasure was the Zhou Tian Yi.

"The Celestial Sphere is an artifact used to calculate the future and observe the mysteries of heaven. It's not meant to be used against enemies. However, when Innate Stellar Energy is condensed into this Celestial Sphere, it can refine Stellar Energy to a great extent. It can even calculate the weaknesses of one's own cultivation." Lou Baiyue had clearly comprehended the secret within.

"Rise!" Gu Chensha's Celestial Cycle Apparatus flew out and rotated between the two of them.

Both of them activated their Innate Stellar Qi and circulated it outside their bodies, wanting to bring out the intricacies of the Celestial Cycle Apparatus.

With Wen Hong's guidance, the two of them were already familiar with the mysteries of Buzhou Palace, the martial arts of the Emperor of Great Zhou, and the intricacies of Zhou Tian Yi. Now, the two of them were digesting these martial arts and turning them into their own.

The structure of the Cyclic Celestial Apparatus was exquisite. It was not something that the two of them could form with their Stellar Energy. However, through their continuous cultivation, even their mental energy had become much stronger.

"Vast Thousand Mirror."

When she reached the limit, Lou Baiyue's body moved and her Stellar Energy actually formed the Vast Thousand Mirror. It worked together with the Celestial Apparatus and the speed at which her Stellar Energy circulated became much more agile.

Gu Chensha's Sun and Moon Dragon Energy worked together with her. The profound intent merged into his mind and his thoughts became clearer and clearer. Creak creak.

The Celestial Cycle Apparatus and Vast Thousand Mirror formed by their Xiantian Stellar Energy rotated with one another and gave out a grinding sound. This was just formed from Stellar Energy and couldn't be used to predict the secrets of the heavens. However, during the process, many martial arts that he couldn't comprehend surged into his mind.

The martial arts that Gu Chensha learned were really complicated but he had established a foundation. He used his clumsy fists as a technique to cover all living beings in the world.

In the depths of his mind, the clumsy fists were like mountains and the earth, and they were all virtuous.

All sorts of martial arts were merged into one and the theories were transformed to form his own. He could casually use them and the universe was unpredictable.

After this cultivation, he had truly merged all the recent fortuitous encounters into his body. It was perfect and there were no more obstacles when he circulated his Stellar Energy.

Although he wasn't able to step into the Dao Realm Eight Transformation Samadhi True Flame, it was just a matter of time.

Moreover, Dao Realm Eight Transformation was really dangerous and if he was not careful, he would burn himself. Especially Gu Chensha, his cultivation was purely heaven-defying.

"You need to be careful. Since ancient times, the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique is meant for the Son of Heaven to cultivate. Even Saints can't cultivate it. Although you are a genius now, you are far from being able to cultivate this technique. This is what it means when one's morals don't match their position."

Lou Baiyue suddenly had an idea, "So, your cultivation from now on will be like dancing on the tip of a blade. It will be extremely dangerous and Dao Realm Eight Transformation will be your first obstacle."

"I know that with my talent, it is okay for me to cultivate the Great Spirit God Technique. If I cultivate the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique, I will be like a three-year-old kid trying to catch a tiger or a dragon. I will be asking to die.

But this is what Father wants. With my talent, if I can overcome all the difficulties and cultivate this technique, then wouldn't I be able to conquer the heavens?

There is nothing in the world that is difficult for those who want to. "Gu Chensha didn't hesitate at all.

"Okay, since that is the case, then continue to cultivate."

Lou Baiyue said, "I have comprehended a lot during this cultivation. With the nourishment of your Sun and Moon Dragon Energy, I will reach the 13th transformation."

"So fast. If you reach the Demon and Ghost Devouring Realm, your Great God Swallowing Technique will probably reach a terrifying realm, right?" Gu Chensha said.

"Not bad.

The Grand Soul Devouring Art uses all sorts of formulas to open many dimensional doors. Some of the power within those dimensional doors is very difficult to devour, and can't be borrowed. But once I master the Thirteen Transformations of Devil and Ghoul Devouring, my soul will have the ability to devour foreign souls. That's when the true power of the Grand Soul Devouring Art can be unleashed. 'Lou Baiyue knew very well how much power he would gain with each increase in cultivation base.

Gu Chensha also had a deep understanding of the Great Dao of Heaven and Earth and the Universe. He knew the concept of multiple dimensions. Within the countless dimensions, there were countless energies. If people could extract and use them, they could change them at will and create things out of nothing.

Those who cultivated to an extremely high realm could casually grab and extract all kinds of energy and materials from many dimensions, then refine them into all kinds of treasures, and even create their own grotto-heavens. However, to cultivate to such a level, one would be close to a god.

"Right, Wen Hong sealed Luluha in space. How are we going to deal with this person?" Gu Chensha remembered that there was still one thing he hadn't dealt with.

Luluha, the pope of the Hell Serpent Temple, held great power, and his cultivation had reached the "Splitting Soul Division" realm. Although he couldn't split into three primordial spirits, he had cultivated two primordial spirits, one of which was Li Yaoyang, the peerless genius of the Chongyang Mystic Gate.

Lou Baiyue took out the space crystal ball. There were two people inside. One was Luluha's real body, and the other was the young man, Li Yaoyang. Of course, he was also the second Luluha.

"Li Yaoyang, I know this person's name. He was a top-notch figure in the Chongyang Mystic Gate decades ago, and it was almost certain that he could cultivate to the Golden Elixir of the Great Dao. He was someone who wouldn't die for a thousand years. It's a pity, a pity. Because of a moment of arrogance, he was plotted against by Luluha. His soul was devoured, and his body was taken away. Instead, he became someone else's bride.

From this, it can be seen that those who think that they are peerless geniuses have the mandate of heaven and will not fall are just deceiving themselves. You and I have to be careful. "Lou Baiyue looked carefully." What a pity, what a pity. "

"I think that sooner or later, Fa Wuxian will also become someone else's body," Gu Chensha said. "He is arrogant and doesn't know how to endure. He thinks that he is invincible just because he was born a saint."

"Don't underestimate Fa Wuxian. The luck of a born saint is far from what a peerless genius can compare to."

Lou Baiyue hurriedly said, "The distance between a top-notch talent and a genius is difficult to calculate. The distance between a genius and a peerless genius is even greater. As for the distance between a peerless genius and a born saint, it is basically impossible.

In today's world, peerless geniuses still occasionally appear. A born saint will only be born when the world changes, but … " "But what?" Gu Chensha asked.

"I'm afraid that the world will be troubled in the future. When the demon stars descend, thousands of stars will descend on the earth. In the future, many powerful figures will be born." Lou Baiyue was a little uneasy.

Gu Chensha was silent. He was someone who was familiar with the history books. Most of the famous people recorded in history, the people who created chaos in the world, were born by sensing the stars in the sky. It was already incredible to have one, let alone thousands of demon stars descending on the earth at the same time.

The greatest disaster in history was only the 108 Heavenly Spirit Stars and Earthly Fiend Stars descending at the same time. There would definitely not be thousands of demon stars descending at the same time. Those who were born by sensing the Qi of the stars were at least peerless geniuses.

"Forget it, this is not something we can think about."

Gu Chensha thought for a long time. "Father has already made a decision. We just need to be careful in the future and pay attention to recruiting talents among the people.

I think Father wants us to establish the Calming Immortal Department. First, it is to collect taxes from the immortal path to supplement the national treasury. Second, it is to prevent the immortal path from recruiting talents among the people. Talents can only be used by the imperial court. "

"You and I have the same opinion." Lou Baiyue nodded. "Thousands of demon stars descending into the world, how many powerful figures will be born?

If they can be used by the imperial court, it will be a blessing for the people. If the demonic path and the immortal path sects take them, the world will be in trouble. " "Talents are number one."

Gu Chensha knew this very well. "It's a pity that our supernatural powers are shallow, and we can't predict the mysteries of heaven. If we could know which people those demon stars were born on, we could find them and make a move on them first.

We can change their way of thinking and teach them how to rule the world. If we can recruit hundreds of peerless geniuses, we will probably surpass the immortal path sects. " "Hundreds of peerless geniuses."

Lou Baiyue smiled. "You really dare to think. Even the number one immortal path sect, the Black Heaven Earth Sect, does not have hundreds of peerless geniuses."

"Troubled times …" Gu Chensha pointed at Li Yaoyang's body. "This is a peerless genius. What should we do? Can we bring him back to life? " "Impossible."

Lou Baiyue said, "However, we can only use this Luluha as a sacrifice. It is too wasteful. Even if we devour his primordial spirit and astral energy, we can only condense three genius-level dragon cores at most. It is still a waste. Wouldn't it lower the status of an unparalleled genius to become a genius? Why don't we erase his soul and memory and use him for us? " "Do you have a way?" Gu Chensha asked.

"I don't, but you do."

Lou Baiyue said, "You can sacrifice your own blood soul to make this person turn over a new leaf and work for you. The way of the emperor is not to kill. The most important thing is to subdue and educate.

I think you subdued Yiming not because of the heart-snatching talisman, but because your Sun-Moon Dragon Blood washed away the filth and turned over a new leaf. "