Chapter 858
===========

One Second Remember 09, to provide you with exciting reading. Chapter 855: Dealing with Concubine Ming

The Divine Land Gourd had fused with the Little Hongmeng Tree and the Primeval Dragon Gate. It had now become a stable base. As Gu Chensha derived the Dragonless Heart Sutra, the mysteries of the Divine Land, and the essence of the Myriad Worlds, there was even hope that the people born in the Divine Land Gourd could be as perfect as those born in the Divine Central Continent. [0↑ 9 △ Small ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ Net] .09 】

Now, no matter where the living beings born, the sacrificial power they could produce could not compare to those born in the Divine Land.

Gu Chensha was determined to forge a perfect Divine Land, so he began to analyze the situation. In the Dragonless Gourd, he extracted some test subjects of the Divine Land's bloodline. Not only did he want to create people born in the Divine Central Continent, he wanted them to surpass them. In other words, the people born in the Dragonless Gourd had to surpass those born in the Divine Central Continent. In this way, the Divine Land, as the future Heavenly Court, would have no advantage.

Right now, Gu Chensha couldn't do that. Therefore, he had to protect the Central Plains Divine Prefecture. He had to do his best to prolong its existence, even if it was just a few years. During that time, more people could be born.

Gu Chensha could see that the more people born in the Divine Central Continent, the greater the damage to the future Heavenly Court. In the future, the Heavenly Court's power would also be weakened.

It would be best if Gu Chensha could also collect the Divine Central Continent and fuse it into the Dragonless Gourd, making it truly complete.

However, he could not collect the Divine Central Continent yet. The Divine Central Continent could be said to be the most powerful Enchanted Treasure. It was much more powerful than the Primeval Dragon Gate, the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, and the Hongmeng Tree. This was the embryonic form of the future Heavenly Court. Naturally, no Enchanted Treasure in the world could compare to it. Gu Chensha knew that the Emperor Of Heaven had not yet been born.

If the Emperor Of Heaven was born and suppressed the Divine Central Continent, the Heavenly Court would appear in the future. .09 】

Fortunately, the emergence of the Emperor Of Heaven required the combination of 36 Incomparable Treasures, and now, 20 Incomparable Treasures had fallen into Gu Chensha's hands, refined into a part of the Dragonless Gourd. Therefore, in order for the Emperor Of Heaven to recover his power and for the Heavenly Court to truly emerge in the future, he had to kill Gu Chensha and seize the Dragonless Gourd.

"I won't take the Four Desolate Hearts for now, but I'll have to get the Decree of Heaven Sacrifice. And that Wu Dangkong's Concubine Ming, I'll have to extract her essence."

Gu Chensha said, "These are all the future ministers of the Heavenly Court. If we can subdue as many as we can, we can weaken the fate energy of the Emperor Of Heaven and slowly gain a huge advantage."

"However, at present, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman is the easiest treasure for us to obtain, because you have half of the control over it."

Lou Baiyue said, "After obtaining the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, you can absorb it into the Dragonless Gourd to replenish yourself. Then you'll probably be able to ascend to the Celestial Stage."

"More or less. I'm actually just one step away from the Celestial Stage. Once I consume the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, I'll be truly complete. Of course, it would be best if I could also consume the entire Primordial Mist Tree."

Gu Chensha said, "Right now, what you need to do is maintain the stability of the world. As long as the world is stable, the power of the sacrifices will continue to be produced, and our power will reach its pinnacle."

As Gu Chensha spoke, massive amounts of sacrificial power streaked through the void, converging and pouring into the depths of the Dragonless Gourd. The space within the Dragonless Gourd expanded, and the true divine prefecture within the Dragonless Gourd was now filled with eighty to ninety percent of the aura of the Divine Prefecture of the Central Plains.

Furthermore, there was a place within the Dragonless Gourd that was filled with true gods. These true gods couldn't come out, as they were imprisoned by Gu Chensha. What they needed was sacrifice. Sacrifice. Sacrifice. Gu Chensha would provide them with vital energy for cultivation.

Although Gu Chensha had subdued nearly three thousand true gods in the Primeval Dragon Gate, that wasn't a guarantee. If they were released, it would instead cause problems for internal strife and intrigue. All that was needed to govern the world was the General of Common People.

"The world will naturally be stable. We will slowly withdraw the bureaucratic system. Right now, there are no village chiefs in the various villages, nor are there any mayors in the towns. Everyone will be replaced by petty officials who will enforce the law impartially.

"After that, we will begin to abolish the bureaucratic system. Magistrates, prefects, governors, and even the officials of the Six Ministries and the military will all be abolished. We will replace them with puppets of the common people.

That way, the efficiency will increase by more than a hundred times. Apart from that, all the grievances from the bureaucrats will be removed. The world will welcome a new era with the Imperial Court and no more bureaucrats. "Lou Baiyue's eyes shone and she decided on a huge plan.

Now, the 360 Common People's Generals had all reached Saint Realm. Apart from that, they also had True God positions. Their cultivation was increasing by leaps and bounds and they would reach the Dao Realm 36 Transformations. Apart from that, there was also Common People's Marquis, the King of Common People.

He was more than enough to manage the world. He just needed to raise the efficiency and raise the country luck to the highest realm.

Gu Chensha rose to his feet. "Don't stop attacking the Demon City. I could've wiped out the Devil Race's old-timers in one fell swoop, just like the three thousand true gods. Unfortunately, God Mahākāśyapa suddenly cut off the sacrificial rites. Even I couldn't catch him. Clearly, someone behind the scenes made a move. If my speculations are correct, the mysterious Underworld has already surfaced. If we attack the Demon City, the Underworld will suffer a huge loss.

Those Celestial Venerables and Heaven Longevity Realm old demons will actually be the core members of the Underworld in the future. However, once I get the Heaven Sacrifice Decree, I will completely uproot the Underworld. In the future, there will be no need for such a dark existence like the Underworld. Things like the Demon World and the Underworld shouldn't continue to exist. "

"The Great Spirit God really has an exuberant destiny. He never dies. I can't believe he escaped a calamity. It seems he's messing with the Underworld again."

Lou Baiyue was frowning when it came to the Great Spirit God. The Great Spirit God was currently at the Heaven Longevity Realm, and he had condensed the power of the great chiliocosm of Heaven Origin in an attempt to reach the Heaven Origin stage. However, that level of power wasn't enough to deal with the current Celestial Calmness Bureau.

However, Lou Baiyue was still very displeased with the fact that the Great Spirit God had managed to evade her pursuit over and over again. "It's fine.

The Great Spirit God is of great use to me. I won't let him die for the time being. I now understand why Imperial Father didn't kill him back then. In fact, he's a key figure in the future, and he might even be the key to us defeating the Emperor Of Heaven. His source has yet to reveal itself. After he defers to the future Heavenly Court and the Emperor Of Heaven, he'll plot against the Emperor Of Heaven and seize the Emperor Of Heaven's throne. "

Gu Chensha's eyes shone with endless wisdom. "His source is also a tribulation, and an extremely powerful one at that. It hasn't revealed itself yet, but when he awakens completely, he'll join the heaven and earth. At that time, he'll be a poisonous snake lying in ambush beside the Emperor Of Heaven.

Not only will I not kill him now, but I'll even help him in secret so that he can play a great role. " After refining the Desolate Dragon Gate, Gu Chensha seemed to understand many mysteries. Whoosh!

As he spoke, his body swayed, and he left the Dragonless Gourd, heading to the Eastern Wilderness. "I'll personally go to the Eastern Wilderness to collect the Sacrificial Talisman. The Eastern Wilderness Alliance has been going on for a long time, and the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth has been suppressing it, so the Eastern Wilderness Immortal Dao Sect can't quickly merge with the Yongchō Country's destiny. The Patriarch of Heaven and Earth is still struggling. This time, I'll not only go to obtain the Sacrificial Talisman, but also to obtain the Heart of Infinity and gather the Endless 36 Treasures as soon as possible. Only then can I spy on more of the Emperor Of Heaven's secrets."

After devouring the Desolate Dragon Gate, Gu Chensha's cultivation had reached an unimaginable level. It could be said that even the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, who had ascended to the Celestial Lord Realm, was no match for him. Other than the Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Chensha was invincible in the world. With a thought, he arrived in the sky above the Eastern Wilderness. The vast land and mountains of the Eastern Wilderness were completely reflected in his eyes.

The entire Eastern Wilderness was a place that even Deity level experts would have to fly for a long time to cross. But to Gu Chensha, the Eastern Wilderness was nothing more than something in his pocket.

Looking down from above, the Eastern Wilderness' mountain range stretched out. Some mountains stretched for millions of miles, reaching tens of thousands of miles high, piercing through the clouds. Everywhere was overflowing with Spiritual Qi. Countless grotto-heavens and blessed lands were built, and countless experts, cultivators, and Black Gate of Immortal Dao Sect were cultivating in seclusion. The mountains were high, and the forests were dense. The entire Eastern Wilderness could be said to be a cultivation world.

"Good place, good place."

This was not the first time Gu Chensha had been here, but every time he saw it, he nodded to himself, thinking that the Eastern Wilderness was a good place.

The center of the Eastern Wilderness was where the Black Heaven and Earth Gate was. There was a huge independent space there, and the huge gate was faintly discernible, stabilizing the space and gathering the fate energy and luck of the entire Eastern Wilderness.

"The Patriarch of the Black Heaven and Earth Gate is quite powerful. When he built the Black Heaven and Earth Gate, he tied this Divine Weapon with the fate energy of the Eastern Wilderness, and used it to suppress the Eastern Wilderness. No wonder the Black Heaven and Earth Gate is still standing." Gu Chensha observed carefully, and did not immediately go to find Wu Dangkong.

He had already sensed that Wu Dangkong was in the Black Heaven and Earth Gate, because he had arranged a chess piece next to Wu Dangkong, and that was the Untainted Old Man.

Now that he was observing the Eastern Wilderness, he was actually thinking of a grand plan, which was to absorb the entire Eastern Wilderness into the Dragonless Gourd, and then empty the entire Eastern Wilderness. This was a truly grand plan. So what if Xuan Xin had the Heart of the Eastern Wilderness?

If he suppressed and refined the entire Eastern Wilderness, what would be the use of the Heart of the Eastern Wilderness?

Not only that, Gu Chensha even wanted to refine the Four Wastelands and absorb them into his Dragonless Gourd. This was a truly grand plan. This was also not the reason why he was too lazy to find Xuan Xin and the others. It was better to remove the firewood from under the pot than to stop the boiling.

Xuan Xin, Gu Huo, Jing Qiu, and Gu Changjian each controlled the Four Wastelands, but when Gu Chensha took all of them, the four of them were truly dumbfounded. Mobile users, please browse M. Read for a better reading experience.