Chapter 879
===========

Chapter 876: Establishing the Crown Prince's Might

Apart from being Desolate Sea's idea, Gu Huo was also the reincarnation of the Heavenly King of Calamities.

Jing Qiu was the Desolate Lord and the Innocuous Heavenly King. His Innocuous Heavenly King's Origin had come from Jing Fanxing, but it seemed that the Heavenly Dao had already recognized him as the Innocuous Heavenly King's clone. In addition, Jing Qiu was the reincarnation of the Endless River.

If it weren't for the fact that he was opposing Gu Chensha, Jing Qiu's life would have been smooth sailing.

However, his ambition hadn't died. He had always wanted to overthrow the world. He had been the first to raise a flag in rebellion, so he had always been at a disadvantage against Gu Chensha. Now he couldn't even use the Desolate Lord's Origin. He had lost his greatest support, and the Holy Sama Empire was prepared to give up. He couldn't fight against Gu Chensha. However, he wouldn't give up. He would oppose Gu Chensha again and again.

This time, Crown Prince Gu Xuansha had to subdue everyone. Deep down, Jing Qiu was actually the most resistant. He hated the Gu family the most, and his desire to overthrow the Gu family was even greater than Xuanxin's.

However, the situation was stronger than he was, so he could only endure. Otherwise, Gu Xuansha would definitely kill him and take all his Origin. No one could protect him.

"I am willing to submit." Jing Qiu lowered his head.

"Good, very good. You will all become my subordinates. In the future, the Emperor Of Heaven and the Heavenly Court will have nothing to do with each other.

I have obtained all the teachings and power of the prehistoric civilization. Right now, I am the only powerful existence in the world, and I have status and righteousness. After all, I am the Crown Prince. Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and the others used their power to deprive me of my position. This is illegal, and not recognized by the people. Now, the people's resentment is boiling. That way, we still have a good chance. Not only will Gu Chensha and the Emperor Of Heaven fight to the death, we can also take advantage of the situation. "Crown Prince Gu Xuansha said," That way, the world will be under our control. After you join me, your status will definitely surpass the Heavenly Kings in the future. " Everyone looked at each other and said helplessly, "We will follow the Crown Prince's lead." "Hahaha, good, very good."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha laughed and said, "Your cultivation is extremely weak to me, but to 99% of the experts in the world, you are already peerless experts.

Now, while worshipping me, he is also bringing me to capture other experts, such as Heavenly King Primal Chaos, Heavenly King Grand Firmament, Heavenly King East Flower, and Heavenly King Wisdom.

After that, I will capture the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, and the Great Burning Heavenly King. As long as I have all of them under my command, I can use my own bloodline to invade the prehistoric civilization system and completely master this Dao. "

"However, it's impossible for us to completely grasp the whereabouts of Primal Chaos, Zenith Heaven, East Flower, and Wisdom. These four heavenly kings are extremely powerful, and we have no way of finding them. We can only passively accept their orders, "The Great Spirit God said hurriedly.

"The Great Spirit God, you are now in the Divine Primordial Realm. Even in the future, your cultivation will be enough to shock the heavens. Don't show weakness in front of me now."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha knew The Great Spirit God very well. In his opinion, The Great Spirit God was also very unreliable, but he felt that his power could completely suppress him. Using this person's cunning to deal with Gu Chensha was perfect.

"Your Highness, we need to expand our power now. If we want to squash a persimmon, we have to find a weak one. Primal Chaos, Zenith Heaven, East Flower, and Wisdom have Emperor Heaven behind them. If we attack, we may be destroyed. Emperor Heaven is even more powerful than Gu Chensha."

The Great Spirit God's eyes flickered. No one knew what he was thinking. "I think we should return to the Divine Land now, set up a banner, and regain what Crown Prince should have. More importantly, I know that the prehistoric civilization's orthodoxy also needs the power of sacrifice. From the sacrifice, we can extract some substances that surpass the Heavenly Dao. With these substances, Crown Prince will become stronger and stronger. The people of the Divine Land must be in our hands." "Now is not the time."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha looked at The Great Spirit God coldly and showed his murderous intent. "The Great Spirit God, you want me to fight to the death with Gu Chensha?

And then let Emperor Heaven take advantage of you. No matter what, you can rely on Emperor Heaven and become his subject. I didn't expect you to have such thoughts after submitting to me. You should be punished. Kneel down! " Kaboom!

A huge power exploded from Crown Prince Gu Xuansha and suppressed The Great Spirit God. The Great Spirit God screamed. Even though he had cultivated to the Divine Origin Realm, he could only be suppressed by this huge power. He knelt down and could not move.

"Crown Prince, spare me. Spare me."

The Great Spirit God hurriedly shouted, "Crown Prince, you misunderstood me. I also hope that Crown Prince can control the people of the Divine Land as soon as possible. Only then can you break through to the highest realm." "Humph!"

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha sneered and said, "I will spare you this time for the sake of making use of you. Otherwise, I will definitely kill you. If you work for me honestly, don't blame me for being cruel and merciless. Do you hear me?" He had to lower his head when he was under someone else's roof.

These people were all geniuses. They had thought that Crown Prince Gu Xuansha was a piece of trash. They did not expect that this piece of trash would suddenly rise to the top. They did not dare to be angry and dared to speak. They could only bow down.

"Gu Changjian, you are my son. If you don't listen to me and have other ideas, don't blame me for being righteous." Gu Xuansha looked at him.

"Yes, Father." Gu Changjian had no other choice.

"Let's go!"

Gu Xuansha waved his hand. Suddenly, a light appeared. A small warship appeared between his eyebrows and sucked all the people present into the warship.

The next moment, they all entered a blazing space. The space was filled with golden flames. The flames flickered and floated, showing the shape of a three-legged golden crow. This was the most terrible true fire. It could burn everything.

"Is he in the sun?" Many people in the warship saw clearly and immediately knew what Gu Xuansha was doing there. The sun in the Heaven Realm shone on the infinite space. Even though the Heaven Realm was vast, the sun could still illuminate the world.

Even though The Great Spirit God had reached the Tianyuan Realm, he still did not dare to enter the sun alone.

There were high and low Tianyuan Realms. The Great Spirit God had just reached the Tianyuan Realm. Compared to the sun in the Heaven Realm, he was much weaker.

For example, the difference between a seventh-rank county magistrate and a first-rank prime minister was the same as the difference between The Great Spirit God and the sun in the Heaven Realm. However, although the sun in the Heaven Realm was strong, Gu Xuansha thought it was nothing.

He had the protection of the warship and the system of the prehistoric civilization. The sun in the Heaven Realm was just a supplement to him.

After entering the sun, Gu Xuansha felt the power that could burn everything. It was formed by the will of the Heaven Realm. It was no small matter.

In theory, the power of the sun in the Heaven Realm was far greater than that of the Primordial Tree, the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, and the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate.

Therefore, the Lord of the Sun and the Moon was one of the strongest beings in the world, second only to the Emperor Of Heaven.

"Sooner or later, I will refine this sun and integrate it into the system."

Gu Xuansha was very ambitious. "Gu Chensha refined the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate and the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman. He is invincible now. If I completely refine the sun and the moon, it will be like stealing the will of the Heaven Realm. I will use the will of the Heaven Realm to power the warship and the System of the One God. I will be the god. The warship and the System of the One God have to recover their power.

I have to devour the whole Heaven Realm. But to do that, I have to start with the divine continent, the sun and the moon. To do that, I have to go against the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha. I can't do that yet. I can only start with the sun and the moon. Hehe … I will devour Lord of the Sun and the Moon and use their power to devour the sun and the moon. I want to see how the whole Heaven Realm will look like without the sun and the moon and the light. " Buzz … While thinking, Gu Xuansha came to the center of the sun. There was an altar in the center of the sun. There was a man sitting on it. It was Gu Tiansha, the Lord of the Sun and the Moon. He was also the product of Gu Taxian's conflict with the Heavenly Dao.

The Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, was cultivating on the altar. Boundless sacrificial power condensed into an ocean in front of him, and he was extracting some kind of substance from it. Suddenly, he felt someone approaching, so he opened his eyes.

"Gu Xuansha, I can't believe you came to me. Looks like even a salted fish can make a comeback."

The Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, stared at the Crown Prince, Gu Xuansha, and said, "You have the entire system of the prehistoric civilization, but you are just a puppet. The prehistoric civilization's system is using your bloodline and destiny to fight for the Divine Land. You will be devoured and refined by the system in the end. Quickly come to your senses and submit to me.

We can share the system. Right now, the system is in a dormant state. You don't have much power from it, and it hasn't controlled you yet. As you get better at using it, your bloodline will fuse with it. In the end, the system will wake up and devour you. Your will will be replaced, and you will fall forever. You won't even have a chance to revive. Do you know why the system chose you?

It's not because you're really talented, it's because Gu Taxian made you the crown prince. You have Gu Taxian's blood flowing in your veins. The power in the bloodline isn't something you can understand. " "Hahahaha …" Crown Prince Gu Xuansha laughed. "Gu Tiansha, you've said so much. Are you done?

No matter how much you say, I can't escape the fate of being refined today. I know the system and the battleship are up to no good, but as long as I refine you and devour the Sun and Moon, I can refine the battleship and the system. Isn't that perfect? " a