Chapter 378
===========

"The world operates, the gods communicate, and the senses transform into a dragon. As long as the tower exists, the person exists."

At this moment, Gu Chensha did not use his Core Qi to attack the pill furnace. He could tell that any attack he made would be helping Fa Wuxian.

He would not do something like helping his enemy. After all, he knew a lot about the Dragon Transformation Tower. The Dragon Transformation Tower contained the aura of a Martial Emperor.

Gu Chensha's Life Treasure was this tower, and he had a deep understanding of the Martial Emperor's profoundness.

Now, he used his aura to simulate the profoundness of a Martial Emperor, and his aura started to sense the Martial Emperor's blood.

Above his head, the Dragon Transformation Tower condensed with the power of a Golden Core, and it contained the aura of a Martial Emperor.

At the same time, he poured his will into it and gave off a mental ripple, "Martial Emperor, your wish from back then is about to be realized. Back then, you wanted to exterminate the monsters and barbarians and flatten the Savage Land. Now, the imperial court has built a capital city in the Savage Land.

Back then, you wanted to suppress the demons, and now the demons do not dare to leave the Sea of Sin. Back then, you wanted to conquer the overseas countries, and now many overseas countries have become the imperial court's territory. Back then, you built the Dragon Transformation Tower to raise the aptitude of the people. Now, the imperial court has built schools everywhere, and everyone can learn for free.

The gods have been sealed, and the Deities have started to pay taxes to the imperial court. The prosperity of the world has already surpassed the empire you created. Don't you want to come out and take a look? I can help you … "

Gu Chensha's aura and spiritual sense kept washing the pill furnace. This was not an attack, but a kind of stimulation.

He wanted to use the current way of the imperial court to stimulate the reaction of the Martial Emperor's blood in the pill furnace and harm Fa Wuxian.

As expected, as he stimulated it, a supreme Emperor's Qi suddenly burst out from the depths of the pill furnace, and it was even firmer than the ancient Emperor's will. The Martial Emperor's will appeared in the depths of the pill furnace.

Fa Wuxian immediately sent out a mental ripple, "Gu Chensha, you actually triggered the Martial Emperor's blood's will. Do you think you can interfere with me like this? I can definitely suppress the Martial Emperor's blood's will! So what if he is a Martial Emperor? He must be suppressed by me. I, Fa Wuxian, am invincible. "

Inside the cauldron, Fa Wuxian circulated his magic power once again. Countless sounds of battle rang out inside and the entire cauldron actually began to tremble slightly. Clearly, because the will of the Martial Emperor's blood had been activated deep within the cauldron, Fa Wuxian had lost some of his ability to control it.

"A good chance."

When Gu Chensha saw that the originally unmoving alchemy furnace was actually trembling, he knew that his operation was effective. His whole body immediately circulated the Dan Qi, his body turned into dust, and fiercely drilled into the alchemy furnace. The interior of the pill furnace was actually a huge space. This space was even bigger than the entire cave. This pill furnace was a spatial treasure.

This wasn't something that the owner of the cavern, Immortal Ming Gu, could create. This was also the power of the Dragonize Pagoda's remains. Since a Martial Emperor created the Dragonize Pagoda himself, it naturally contained boundless power of spacetime.

And this space was filled with raging flames that burned incomparably fiercely. There was even a whirlwind that swirled around, capable of incinerating everything.

Under the effect of the whirlwind, the flames turned into countless Fire Crows, Fire Snakes, Fire Dragons, Fire Tigers, Fire Horses, and even Fire Qilins. They surged and roared, appearing and disappearing as they pleased, increasing the refining power of the pill furnace.

"This is the Dragon Nurturing Fire, Dragon Transformation Wind."

With a single look, Gu Chensha could tell that the refining power of the wind and fire within this pill furnace was unparalleled. As he circulated it, even his body felt a sense of ecstasy.

However, as long as the wind and fire were used well, it could temper one's body and refine all sorts of magic treasures.

Right now, there was no one activating the pill furnace, so its power was still ordinary. It was still in its primordial state, so Gu Chensha could still resist it. If the pill furnace was controlled by Fa Wuxian, it would be extremely dangerous for him to enter it. It was very likely that he would be refined within.

"Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique …" Gu Chensha looked again and found that there were many words floating on the walls of the space around the pill furnace. It was actually another Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique, but the number of words was more than ten times the number of words he had obtained before.

Back then, when Gu Chensha had stolen the Dragonize Pagoda from the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple, he had found the incomplete Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique. After cultivating it, he had obtained many benefits. And now, with ten times the number of words, Gu Chensha had obtained even more benefits.

"So that's how it is, so that's how it is …" Gu Chensha was shocked to find that the Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique that he had obtained was combined with the incomplete words from before. Although it was not the complete Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique, it seemed that through cultivating the Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique, one's talent could be changed.

If it was the complete Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique, even an idiot who cultivated it could gradually become a genius.

And now, the Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique that Gu Chensha had obtained was about 30% complete. If he cultivated according to this, he could slowly turn an idiot into a middle-grade talent, which was equivalent to obtaining a portion of the Tiger-Wolf Pill's power. In this world, there was no cultivation technique that could change talent.

Even the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Technique could not. And the Great Massacre God Technique was the general outline of the most profound mysteries in the universe. It was a sharp weapon that suppressed the Heavenly Dao. Even Innate Sages might not be able to comprehend it, let alone cultivate it.

"If I obtain this technique and pass it on to some idiots, won't I be able to turn them into middle-grade talents?"

Gu Chensha was overjoyed, but then he frowned, "Fa Wuxian found this place long ago. Doesn't that mean that he has learned the incomplete Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique?

At least when he returns, he can use this technique to increase the strength of the school of Legalism.

That's right, only by combining this technique with the incomplete technique of mine will this idiot be able to gradually turn him into a middle-grade talent. "

Discovering the incomplete technique of the Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique was something that happened in an instant. It did not stop Gu Chensha from searching for Fa Wuxian.

The moment he entered the cauldron, he saw a pearl spinning in the depths of the cauldron amidst the raging wind and fire. It emitted an ancient aura and was pitch-black. At the top of the cauldron, there was a drop of blood.

The drop of blood was like a blazing sun, emitting endless light and heat, as if it wanted to steal all the light in the world. The energy contained in the drop of blood far surpassed Gu Chensha's strength.

"This is the blood of a Martial Emperor?" When Gu Chensha saw the drop of blood, he immediately knew how powerful the Martial Emperor was in the past.

The Martial Emperor had already stood at the peak of the Saints. He had even faintly broken through the realm of the thirty-six transformations, Embodiment Transformation, and reached another level. His blood contained many secrets of the "Divergent". Clearly, the Martial Emperor was the "Divergent".

"I see. Back then, the Martial Emperor became an Divergent and did great things. His cultivation was also extremely high, and he was able to unify the divine continent and establish hegemony. Unfortunately, he failed at the last moment. That was because his strength was still insufficient.

If my guess is correct, his realm should be above the thirty-six transformations. However, he had not completely jumped out of the Three Realms and Five Elements. His strength was still a distance away from the three great Celestial Venerables.

He was far from being able to suppress the Heavenly Dao, father. "Gu Chensha deduced many things from the drop of the Martial Emperor's blood. At this time, he also noticed Fa Wuxian.

Fa Wuxian also turned into a flame and formed a "Fighting" character, which wrapped around the Ancient Netherworld Relic below. Then, his magic power extended out and turned into many tentacles that attacked the drop of the Martial Emperor's blood in the sky. He wanted to pluck it down and fuse it with his body.

Unfortunately, every time his magic power came into contact with the "Martial Emperor's blood", it would be bounced back by the boundless power of the blood, causing his magic power to be unable to penetrate it.

"Fa Wuxian, what do you think?

I have already broken all of your techniques. Let's see how you are going to escape from this cauldron today. "

Gu Chensha locked his gaze on Fa Wuxian and said, "If you want to refine this Ancient Netherworld Relic, it won't be something that can be done in a short period of time. How can it be so easy for you to refine the entire body of an Immortal?" "Very good."

Fa Wuxian suddenly retracted his magic power and turned back into his human form, "You can actually attract the Martial Emperor's blood. You do have some skills, but I deliberately let you in. As long as you enter this cauldron, I can borrow the power of the cauldron to refine you. If you don't come in, I can't do anything to you." "You think I don't know?

You have actually obtained this Ancient Netherworld Underwater Mansion for some time, but you can't refine the Ancient Netherworld Relic and the Martial Emperor's blood. You can control some of the mysteries of this cauldron, but the core of this cauldron is the Martial Emperor's blood. "

Gu Chensha said, "The secret to controlling this cauldron is the Dragon Cultivation Technique. You have also cultivated this technique and are proficient in it. In addition, after some time, you can indeed refine me. However, now that I have entered the cauldron, I have also obtained the secret of the Dragon Cultivation Technique. In addition, I have obtained the remains of the Dragon Transformation Tower, which also contains the Dragon Cultivation Technique. With the two combined, I have more than the cultivation technique you have obtained. Who knows, I might be able to control this cauldron." "Hahahaha …" Fa Wuxian laughed wildly, "Very good, very good. Do you think I don't know about this?

Just now, I deliberately let you see the Dragon Cultivation Technique. Otherwise, everyone who entered the cauldron would be able to see the Dragon Cultivation Technique. Wouldn't that be a mess? The moment you saw the Dragon Cultivation Technique, the aura in your body automatically circulated and resonated with each other in the cauldron. I have already seen through the additional cultivation technique you have. Now, the Dragon Cultivation Technique I have obtained is comparable to yours. You are still too inexperienced to compete with me in intelligence. If your Calming Immortal Department didn't have Zhuge Ya, I would have already destroyed it. "

"This is the saying, 'a just cause enjoys abundant support while an unjust cause finds little support'."

Gu Chensha was secretly shocked. This Fa Wuxian, whether it was in terms of cultivation or intelligence, was worthy of being called a natural born saint. He had actually managed to pry into a sliver of Gu Chensha's mental cultivation method just now, allowing him to grasp the initiative of this pill furnace.

Originally, Fa Wuxian would undoubtedly die. But now, with this little thing, he had actually fought for a chance of survival, causing Gu Chensha to lose confidence in capturing and killing this person.

Up until now, Fa Wuxian had finally relied on his intelligence and calculations to gain some initiative.