Chapter 914
===========

"Wu Dangkong, that's a good thought. I can give you the Dragon Amulet, but you must give me something in return."

Peacock felt like she had gotten something worth exchanging, "I know you have surrendered to the Emperor Of Heaven, and you are the Emperor Of Heaven's Concubine, but your gains are limited. I also know that the Emperor Of Heaven did not even protect the Empress. The Empress's Origin was originally hidden within Lou Baiyue's body, but it was refined by Lou Baiyue. Now that Lou Baiyue is very strong, her management of the world is watertight. Even the Emperor Of Heaven's China was taken away by Gu Chensha. I think in this war, the Emperor Of Heaven is at an absolute disadvantage. Don't tell me you want me to join the losing side? "

"Hahahaha …" Hearing this, Wu Dangkong laughed, "Peacock, this is not what you are thinking. In reality, the Emperor Of Heaven is omnipotent. In the end, any calamity will be perfectly resolved by the Emperor Of Heaven. The final victory will belong to the Emperor Of Heaven. " "To be honest, you have not felt Gu Chensha's power."

Peacock waved her hand, "Wu Dangkong, you are still so arrogant. You should know, Gu Chensha is not someone you can fight. You have opposed Gu Chensha many times, but look at what happened to you.

The Edict to Heaven was taken away. If not for the Emperor Of Heaven saving you, you would be like the Divine Master, a normal person. There is no hope. "

"I will definitely take revenge for Gu Chensha. In the future, I will banish him to the deepest hell and torture him day and night. I won't give him a chance to reincarnate, but I won't let him die either. I will make him beg for death, but he won't be able to."

When Wu Dangkong heard Peacock talk about this, a monstrous hatred rose from her body. The hatred morphed into an endless sea of blood and hell behind her. It was as if she had completely mastered some kind of scary power.

"This Wu Dangkong's power does not seem to be weaker than mine. How is that possible?"

Seeing this, Peacock was shocked, "Could it be that she has also obtained the Origin that Gu Taxian broke down from his battle with the Heavenly Dao? She has even obtained the support of the Emperor Of Heaven? Is the Emperor Of Heaven that powerful?

If so, then this Emperor Of Heaven is truly unfathomable. Gu Chensha is powerful, but to defeat the Emperor Of Heaven will not be easy. " "Can you feel my power?"

Wu Dangkong retracted all her presence and all her visions disappeared. "You said that the Emperor Of Heaven is at a disadvantage. That is a big mistake. You know the situation now. More and more masters are entering China and the Four Wastelands. It will only bring more pressure to Gu Chensha's court. The people's hearts have changed. You can see it too. You are tempted to take a share of the spoils. Unfortunately, you were suppressed by Gu Chensha.

Apart from that, all the stars in the Heavenly Realm have completely descended. This time, it's not the profound mysteries of the stars descending, but the true bodies of the stars descending. Those people will cause chaos in the world, and in the end, they will be under the command of the Heavenly Emperor. Think about it, apart from that, the Heavenly Realm will begin to collapse from the outside, and the power of the collapse will flow into the body of the Heavenly Emperor. At that time, the Heavenly Emperor will be ten times stronger than he is now, or even a hundred times stronger.

There is one more thing, Gu Taxian is also collapsing. You can obtain his power, I can also obtain it, the Emperor Of Heaven can also obtain it. After the Emperor Of Heaven obtains it, will he become stronger? Far stronger than Gu Chensha. " "Where is the Emperor Of Heaven?"

Peacock frowned. She did not expect things to be this serious. "I want to talk to the Emperor Of Heaven personally." "The Emperor Of Heaven will not appear for the time being."

Wu Dangkong laughed coldly. "One more thing, you have the Dragon Mark on you. That is actually one of Gu Chensha's most powerful trump cards. It can cause trouble for the Emperor Of Heaven. However, I can act on behalf of the Emperor Of Heaven. I can even command the Heavenly Kings now. The Emperor Of Heaven has given me full authority. So, you can tell me whatever you want."

"I can rely on the Heaven Realm. First, I want you to capture the Demonic Ape God of Chaos and refine him. I will lead the Monster Race in the future. Second, I need more of the Origin produced by the conflict between Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Dao.

Third, after the Emperor Of Heaven gains power, he will never be able to kill me. My position will last forever.

With these three conditions, I will rely on the Emperor Of Heaven. I will lead the Monster Race. After I gather the Monster Race, I will offer my faith and sacrifice to the Emperor Of Heaven. How about that? "Peacock proposed three conditions.

"You really know how to make demands. You are asking for too much. You are asking for too much." Wu Dangkong's eyes glowed.

"Not much at all." Peacock said, "What can the Demonic Ape God of Chaos bring you?

I have been appointed by Gu Chensha as the head of the Monster Calming Department. Think about it, if I work for him wholeheartedly, how much help can I bring to them?

If I rely on the Emperor Of Heaven, I can infiltrate the Imperial Court and deal a fatal blow to Gu Chensha. If we work together, we can achieve something big. " "Peacock, you are trying to benefit from both sides, aren't you?"

Wudang Kong's eyes shone with a sharp light. "You took benefits from Gu Chensha, and then you took something from us, and then you betrayed us? Aren't you thinking too highly of yourself? "

"I do have such thoughts, but you don't have much of a choice now. Do you really think the Demonic Ape God of Chaos is relying on you because he is loyal?

Even in the future, the Demonic Ape God of Chaos will betray the Imperial Court sooner or later, isn't that right? "Peacock did not hide her thoughts.

"Very good, I like your honesty. Women who have stepped into immortality in ancient times are not simple characters."

Wu Dang Kong once again laughed evilly, "How about this, I will agree to all three of your conditions. However, you and I must do something big to gain mutual trust. How about that? " "What is it?" Peacock asked calmly.

"Kill Lou Baiyue." Wu Dangkong spat out.

"What?"

Hearing this, Peacock was shocked. She could no longer hold back her calm. "You've lost your mind. Let's not talk about whether you can kill her or not. Even if you kill her, I'm afraid if Gu Chensha gets angry, even the Emperor Of Heaven won't be able to protect you. Also, if you kill her, Gu Chensha will kill me first. What do I stand to gain from that? Are you trying to get me killed with this suggestion? " "Humph! Of course you stand to gain a lot. "

Wu Dangkong said, "First, Lou Baiyue's source is very powerful. She has refined the token left behind by Gu Taxian. The token is almost invincible. Other than that, she has the Queen of Heaven's source inside her. Now that the two have combined, it has produced an unbelievable change. In other words, her power is completely above both of ours. If we can kill her and take her source, how powerful will we become? I need the Queen of Heaven's source.

In the future, I will just be Concubine Ming. The Queen of Heaven will always be above me. But if I can take the Queen of Heaven's source, my position will be solidified.

You stand to gain even more. After you kill Lou Baiyue, you will take a part of the source and merge it into your body. You will become as powerful as me. What do you think? "

"What you said makes sense, but don't forget that Lou Baiyue's strength is much stronger than the two of us."

Peacock calmed down again. "Plus, she has many experts under her command. She can communicate with Gu Chensha. Even if she runs into danger, Gu Chensha can solve it. You probably can't imagine how scary Gu Chensha is. "

"I know. I will not be careless this time. I have done a lot of research on Gu Chensha. His power is too strong. Even the Emperor Of Heaven does not have the confidence to defeat him."

A mysterious smile appeared on Wu Dangkong's face. "But no matter how strong he is, he is just a human. Is Gu Taxian strong or not?

He is still on the verge of collapse. The source in his body keeps falling. He is losing control of the situation. Gu Chensha is the same. He is losing control of the situation. The Emperor Of Heaven has set up a trap. After we hold him back, we can kill Lou Baiyue! " "That is impossible with just the two of us. Do you have help?" Peacock asked.

"Of course. As long as the Emperor Of Heaven holds Gu Chensha back, if Gu Chensha does not make a move, Lou Baiyue will die.

You will be a great help to me. After all, you have obtained the source left behind by Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Dao. If you can completely refine the source and make it your own, you will become an undefeatable giant in the future. "Wu Dangkong said," Long Xiangtian, Liu Chansha, come out. " As Wu Dangkong spoke, a man and a woman appeared.

The man was Long Xiangtian. There was a burning sun on his body. That was the power of the Heaven Realm's sun inside his body.

The woman was Sister Liu. She was very mysterious. There was a bright moon on her body. It was the moon of the Heaven Realm.

The man and woman had obtained two-thirds of Gu Chensha's source. Other than that, they had also obtained the source of the Sun Moon Lord. Now, their strength had also entered a deep and immeasurable realm.

"We are both people who have obtained the mutated source created by the entanglement between Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Dao."

Long Xiangtian was the first to speak. "That Gu Chensha dared to trick me. He almost killed me. Naturally, he and I cannot live under the same sky. Killing Lou Baiyue will not only make him fall into despair and pain, it will also weaken his fate. I am more than willing to do this."