Chapter 117
===========

"There's no need to panic." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor pointed to a chair at the side: "Sit down." Seeing that the atmosphere was still calm, Gu Chensha's heart calmed down.

"Actually, Wen Hong and I were friends in the past."

Gu Taxian's eyes were filled with reminiscence: "But due to a combination of factors, we became enemies. There's nothing we can do about it.

Many of my friends fell out with me. For example, Daoist Hundred Tribulations. He drank with me but died in my hands in the end. " "It's all fate. Imperial Father, there's no need to be too sad." Gu Chensha hurriedly said.

"I believe Wen Hong told you about your mother?" Gu Taxian looked at the void in front of him.

"He did."

Gu Chensha nodded: "It's all because of The Great Spirit God's evil intentions. Unfortunately, this god is still roaming free and has yet to be executed."

"After Spirit Star died, I pursued this fiend and heavily injured him. But this fiend abandoned his divine throne and self-destructed his divine country, executing a secret art to escape."

Gu Taxian's words shook Gu Chensha's heart. This was a god-slaying battle but he didn't know how earth-shattering it was. He was like an ant listening to the battle between dragons in the sky: "After he abandoned his divine throne, he disappeared completely and might have reincarnated into the mortal world. Later on, I had to deal with the barbarian evil gods and the Profound immortals as well as the demon race's Great Sages so I didn't have time to investigate this fiend."

This was the first time the Heavenly Talisman Emperor spoke so much to him. Gu Chensha felt strange but he could only listen without interrupting.

"Do you blame me for being neglected in the palace all these years?" Gu Taxian suddenly asked.

"I don't dare." Gu Chensha hurriedly said.

"You don't dare but you must be blaming me for being unfair in your heart."

Gu Taxian saw it clearly: "But if not, how could your fate be reversed and you obtain such a great fortune?" Bang!

Hearing this, Gu Chensha's blood vessels surged, almost exploding. There was only one thought in his mind, Could it be that the secret of me obtaining the Sacrificial Talisman has been found out?

He raised his head and saw Gu Taxian's gaze. He tried his best to remain calm, but he did not move or show it. Instead, he forced himself to calm down and said, "Father …" "I said, don't be nervous."

Gu Taxian didn't think much of it. "You're very good. You've done a good job keeping your composure. You didn't panic or lose your composure. In this aspect, you're better than the other brothers. In my opinion, only the Fourth is more profound than you, but he has his own opportunities.

I owe your mother something, so I'll give you a fated chance that doesn't belong to you in the first place. I've temporarily won the game with the heavens.

However, this may not be a good thing for you. You will definitely have a tribulation in the future. It all depends on whether you can defy the heavens and change your fate. "

When Gu Chensha heard this, he didn't really understand. His heart was in a mess. He could only try his best to calm down: "Father, I don't really understand what you're saying."

"There are some things that you can't understand." Gu Taxian said: "Let's not talk about this. How do you feel about the world since you've come out to train?"

"The world has been governed, and changes have never been seen before. Although there are some bandits and demons, compared to the previous dynasties, it's already a Kingdom of God.

I've been studying since I was young, and the history books I've read are stained with blood. There were barbarian invasions from the outside, evil cults, tyrants, and evil gentry. The people had no way to make a living, and the people were miserable. Even under the wise emperors, there were natural disasters, plagues, and diseases. But now, the natural disasters have been greatly reduced. No matter how poor the people are, they can eat rice every day. This is what I'm most touched by. "

Gu Chensha discarded all distracting thoughts, and spoke with sincerity, "I only hope that such a life can continue for generations to come. The people of the world have suffered for so many years, and we can't return to the past."

As he spoke, he recalled Wen Hong's words. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor was no longer tolerated by the Heavenly Dao, and would disappear for sure. The world would fall into chaos once again. Instantly, his killing intent surged, "Whoever dares to destroy the peace of the world, this son will definitely kill them." These were his true words.

"Good." What kind of character was Gu Taxian? He could naturally see his son's sincerity. "This is my son.

Do you know why there will be great governance after great chaos, and great chaos after great governance? Why can't the people enjoy eternal peace? "

"The cycle of the Heavenly Dao, the conversion of Yin and Yang, just like the conversion of day and night," Gu Chensha said.

"The Heavenly Dao …" A cold smile appeared on Gu Taxian's face. "You're right. The Heavenly Dao treats all living things as dogs, and in the eyes of the Heavenly Dao, all living things are nothing but sacrifices. I want to create eternal peace, and I want the people to be independent and strong. The people have faith in the Gods, so I will abolish the Gods and let them believe in themselves, so that they can solve any difficulties by themselves.

In the past, the people also worshipped the Gods when they were sick, so I taught them medical skills. When they were sick, they were not allowed to worship the Gods, but went to the Medical Center to treat their illnesses. After a few generations, they would firmly remember that man can conquer nature. "

As he spoke, he wrote four large words on the paper, "Man can conquer nature." The words were so large that it seemed like it could pierce through the sky. Gu Chensha didn't dare to make a sound.

"I want to tell them this from the depths of their souls. As long as you give me five generations, a hundred years, a hundred years, even if I don't exist in the future, the people will completely understand." Gu Taxian pointed at the four words on the table. "Take it, this word will definitely be useful in the future."

"Thank you, father, for the reward." Gu Chensha carefully stood up, rolled up the paper with the four words on the table, and put it into his sleeve.

"You must remember these words. The Heavenly Dao is not to be feared, the ancestors are not to be judged, and the words of men are not to be pitied."

Gu Taxian's tone was very calm, but Gu Chensha could feel the loneliness of being invincible in the world from his tone.

"You're not young anymore, you've reached the age to start a family. You've also conquered your land, but you don't have a mistress. Which girl have you taken a fancy to? If the other party also agrees, I can grant a marriage. "Gu Taxian asked again.

"Reporting to father, I don't have any thoughts of getting married at the moment. The barbarians haven't been destroyed, how can I have a home?

This is what a famous ancient general said, and I deeply agree with him. "When Gu Chensha heard this question, he said seriously.

"Fine." Gu Taxian waved his hand. "Baiyue and you are quite fated. You can get closer to her." "Yes."

Gu Chensha was puzzled. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor had said this twice, so it was not without reason. But he felt that Lou Baiyue just wanted to use him.

"Gao Ling." Gu Taxian greeted after he finished speaking. Gao Ling, the Chief Steward of the Six Palaces, appeared in front of him silently.

"Go and call them in." "Yes."

The door of the hall opened. All the princes and Lou Baiyue filed in, but the ministers waited outside and did not summon them.

"Greetings, father."

These princes knelt on the ground. Gu Chensha also stood up and bowed. But his mind was still on the conversation with the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. There was a lot of information that was too important. He had to think about it carefully, including the matter of the Heaven Sacrifice Decree. But the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's words made him feel more at ease. Lou Baiyue glanced at Gu Chensha, as if asking something. Gu Chensha returned a look, but did not dare to talk in private here.

"I have seen your results. All of you have conquered the barbarian tribes and built your fiefdoms. Don't be greedy and advance rashly.

You have to be steady and bring the talents of the people to the border. "The Heavenly Talisman Emperor raised his hand and many princes stood up.

"This is all Father's credit."

The Seventh Prince Gufasa was the first to step forward. "If not for Father suppressing the barbarian evil god, we would not be able to move an inch in the Wilderness." "Let's not talk about the duet."

Gu Taxian interrupted Gufasa. "You are all my sons. There is no need to be so nervous when talking about private matters. Baiyue, don't be embarrassed. I also treat you as my daughter." "Your Majesty, I do not know how to repay your kindness." Lou Baiyue hurriedly lowered her head.

"I want to move the capital to the border. What do you think? Little Seven, you first. "Gu Taxian asked.

"The population at the border is sufficient. If we move the capital, we can instantly accumulate a lot of people and make the border more popular. It will be more beneficial to the peace of the barbarians. Moreover, the Great Stone Wall is very sturdy. There is no need to fear the barbarian army attacking." The Seventh Prince Gufasa hurriedly expressed his opinion. "I agree to move the capital."

"You're wrong," Gu Taxian said, "I don't want to build the capital inside the pass, but in the wilderness outside." "What?" The princes looked at each other when they heard this.

If it was built within the border, there would be the Great Stone Wall as a barrier. No one thought much of it. But to build it outside the border, it was like exposing the heart. Even the most radical princes were stunned by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's idea. The Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha was a fearless person. When he heard this idea, his mouth gaped.

"I'm afraid the entire court will oppose Father's idea."

Gu Chensha was also shocked. He originally thought that the capital would be moved within the border. With the protection of the Great Stone Wall, there would be no resistance. If it was outside the border, the court would not feel safe. When the barbarian army gathered together and launched a large-scale attack, the capital would fall.

"Father is wise."

At this time, he would not oppose it. After thinking, he immediately said, "Actually, it is a good thing to build the capital outside the border. It will allow the court to maintain their initiative. Our princes will expand our territory and build fiefdoms with the capital as the center. If anything happens, they can immediately come to the capital to rescue the king. This way, there will be many fiefdoms surrounding the capital. It will be very safe. "

At this time, he finally understood the true reason why the Heavenly Talisman Emperor wanted the princes to build fiefdoms.

"If we hide behind the Great Stone Wall, we will lose our initiative in the long run."

Lou Baiyue also spoke, "Always being aggressive is the way of the king. After more than ten years of peace, the people are indulging in extravagance and pleasure. The silkpants of the nobles are also starting to become corrupted. They are not willing to study and practice martial arts, forgetting their iron and blood. This is not a good thing. The Emperor's action can awaken the initiative of everyone in the court.

The Great Stone Wall is a barrier. It can protect our safety, but it can also wear down our willpower. " "I agree as well." How would the princes dare to object? All of them agreed.