Chapter 63
==========

"Lord Oracle, when are you going to break through the eighth transformation and ignite the true fire in your body?" Barbarian Marshal Ku Lu lowered his head.

"It's difficult. If you can't break through the other transformations, it won't be life-threatening. But if you can't break through this transformation, you will burn yourself. It's the same for the eighth and ninth transformations. Rubbing your true energy, boiling your blood and burning your body. If you're not careful, you'll immediately turn into smoke."

The Oracle said, "Alright, retreat and organize the troops. Tonight, when the world is the most cloudy, Barbarian King Karo will come." "Barbarian King Karo!" Ku Lu trembled, as if this king was very scary, "Then what should I do?"

"Arrange the defense. This time, no one is allowed to sneak in. Barbarian King Karo is extremely powerful. When he comes, the crack may not be able to hold. I need to use my strength to support him. That will be my weakest moment."

The Barbarian Race Divine Envoy said, "Also, no matter what happens in the vicinity of this temple, you must not approach, lest the ripples from the cracks tear you to pieces." "Yes!

I'll immediately arrange the defense and gather all the experts around. Even birds are not allowed to fly in the sky. "The Barbarian Marshal understood the importance of the matter and hurriedly retreated.

The Oracle returned to the temple and hid in the darkness. However, in the depths of the temple, waves of heart palpitations could be felt.

Gu Chensha heard these words and smiled, "It seems that I'm really lucky. If I suddenly sneak attacked, I wouldn't have the chance to use the Heartless Stealing Talisman. But at the most vulnerable moment of the Oracle, I have a 30% chance of success. Barbarian King Karo seems to be stronger than the Oracle, but I can't deal with him. But as long as I destroy it, he won't be able to come here from the Barbarian Land."

Thinking of this, his smile sank, "But I also have to be careful of the Oracle's tricks. He clearly knows that I sneaked in and stole a lot of wealth from the treasury. I also killed the four old devils, but he couldn't find any clues. It's easy for him to sneak in again. Therefore, he pretended to be very weak, but there's no such thing. He's just testing me and spreading the news so that I'll know and come to deal with him. It's not impossible to fall into his trap." Now, when he did things, he was considerate of all aspects. He did not act rashly, nor did he cower.

Patiently lurking, he observed the movements in the temple hall. Gradually, the night grew darker. The sky was covered with dark clouds, and not a single star or moon could be seen. Sometimes, the cold wind whistled, and it really felt like the night was dark and windy.

Suddenly, the cries of ghosts and gods came from the depths of the temple, and the Yin Qi between heaven and earth suddenly increased.

Pale green will-o '-the-wisps appeared in the temple hall, floating in the air. They were all the size of a human head, burning fiercely, changing into distorted faces. Those who were timid would be scared to death.

Gu Chensha was in high spirits as he observed carefully. He knew that this pale green ghost flame was probably formed from Innate Stellar Energy. With the will-o '-the-wisp, he could clearly see the people in the temple hall.

Only the divine emissary of the Barbarian Race stood up and danced. The dance had a strong ancient style, with a hint of wildness, as if a shaman was praying to the gods. At the same time, this dance was also an extremely profound martial art. Gu Chensha memorized it as he watched it. In the future, he could go back and study it, and maybe it could enrich his martial arts experience.

In front of the divine emissary of the Barbarian Race, there was a pitch-black door. It was five to six feet tall and three to four feet wide. There were many black lights circulating inside, as if it could absorb everything. The cries of ghosts and gods came from the door.

This was the crack in space, and on the other side was the Barbarian Land. This was no longer a power that could be opened by humans, it was the power of gods.

These days, the Barbarian Race had killed countless people to worship the Evil God. The Evil God had used his supernatural power to open this door, allowing the Barbarian Race army to be teleported in continuously.

When Gu Chensha saw this, he wanted to destroy the door immediately, so that the Barbarian Race army could not return, and could only be wiped out in the three counties. But other than Peach County, there were also Tea County and An County. There were definitely teleportation doors.

To withstand the teleportation door, very tough materials were needed. The materials used in this temple were very special. Gu Chensha had long known that it was provided by the Great Wei Dynasty.

"It's already midnight." Gu Chensha calculated that Prince Caro should be coming out from here. Roar!

At this moment, a loud roar came from the door in the crack in space. This sound reverberated in the hall, causing the earth to shake and the mountains to shake. The will-o '-the-wisp swayed.

This roar did not come from a human, but from a giant beast that lay dormant in hell. It specialized in devouring people's hearts, human souls, and human corpses. Hearing this sound, Gu Chensha seemed to see a demon sleeping in the Plains of White Bones. How terrifying and terrifying was this?

"Absolutely, absolutely cannot let the Barbarian King come out."

Gu Chensha wanted to charge out. Once the Barbarian King appeared, all living beings would be wiped out. No one here could fight him at all. He was probably above Dao Realm Nine Transformation. Dao Realm Nine Transformation, Glass Jade Body.

Once one cultivated it, one would be invulnerable to evil and unbreakable. One's body would be as clean as glass, flawless both inside and out. One would be invincible. Going one step further, the Dao Realm Ten Transformation, involved the soul and Spiritual Sense.

This was why the Dao Realm Ten Transformation was called One Heart Thousand Things. At that time, one's heart would be able to calculate and think about thousands of things at the same time. One would be able to calculate cultivation techniques, deduce the Dao of the Heavens, see one's flesh and blood, and analyze spiritual energy. It would be thousands of times better than low-level Dao Realm. Especially in battle, one would be able to control the changes in the Xiantian Earth Energy, which far exceeded the Nine Transformation.

"Right, I still have the Ocean Splitting Thunderbolt!

If not, I will detonate this thing. "Gu Chensha calculated calmly." Why don't I wait for the Barbarian King to come out and just blow him up? Eh, no, it seems like the Ocean Splitting Thunderbolt can't kill Glass Jade Body experts.

But if I kill the Barbarian Race God Envoy, then won't I be able to use the Heartless Snatching Talisman?

This God Temple has been leveled to the ground, so I can't ask for rewards. I can't say that I did it. That way, there will be no evidence and my contributions will be buried. Forget it, I can't care so much about this. " Pu!

In the hall, along with a furious roar, the Barbarian Race God Envoy spat out a mouthful of blood. As expected, he injected his Xiantian Earth Energy into the space crack. As expected, he was at his weakest.

"Seize the chance!" Gu Chensha came out of the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar and jumped into the divine temple.

"Hahaha, as expected, I fell for it."

The divine emissary of the Barbarian Race suddenly turned around. The hood of his black robe was lifted, revealing a pale face. His eyes were sunken, and he looked like a ghost. His aura was powerful, and with a wave of his hand, a huge bubble immediately appeared beside Gu Chensha, wrapping him up. He didn't give Gu Chensha any chance to react.

Unfortunately, Gu Chensha also made a move at this moment. He held the blood-stained Sea-splitting Perilous Bead in his hand.

"Not good, Ocean Splitting Thunderbolt, mutual destruction!" The Barbarian Race God Envoy was shocked.

If Gu Chensha had used any kind of attack, he wouldn't have been afraid at all. Enveloping him with the Innate Gang Qi ball was equivalent to locking him in a cage. However, the Sea-splitting Thunderbolt was different. Once it was activated, the entire temple would probably be reduced to dust. But he couldn't stop it now.

"Damn it, why do you have this thing? Do you want to die?" Rumble!

The Ocean Splitting Thunderbolt was used for mutual destruction. It could only be activated by holding it with both hands, dripping blood on it, and chanting an incantation. It couldn't be thrown out, nor could it be used as a cannon.

"Maha Prison, suppress!"

The Barbarian Race God Envoy was sweating all over. He exerted all his Xiantian Earth Energy to wrap the Ocean Splitting Thunderbolt.

At the same time, a layer of black smoke appeared on his body. The smoke turned into scales, unknown as to what kind of magical armor it was. The Ocean Splitting Thunderbolt exploded. It exploded in the bubble of Xiantian Earth Energy.

There was a muffled sound, and a bubble that could crush steel into molten iron burst open. Huge flames and destructive power swept in all directions. First of all, this palace hall was hit. The stones were instantly turned into powder, and the palace hall at the top of the sky was also directly blown away, and no one knew where it went. Then, the huge stone pillars in the surroundings were also reduced to nothingness.

The Barbarian Race God Envoy's black smoke armor suffered the impact and began to crack inch by inch. But more Xiantian Earth Energy emerged from his body to protect him. Another talisman turned into black smoke and wrapped around him. It was unknown how many protective magical treasures he had used.

But in the face of this explosive impact, it was useless. The Xiantian Earth Energy was the first to shatter, and so was the talisman.

The situation of the Divine Temple outside was even more tragic. Many houses had been blown into the sky, and the barbarian soldiers had disappeared into thin air like dust. With the Divine Temple as the center, almost half of the county town had been destroyed. Huge flames rushed into the sky like a mushroom.

Gu Chensha was in the Sun Moon Altar, at the center of the explosion. He was stunned as he watched the explosion of the Ocean Splitting Thunderbolt. This was not something a human could achieve. Fortunately, the Sun Moon Altar was not in the same space. The Ocean Splitting Thunderbolt only had the power to destroy half the county. It was still far from being able to shake space.

Just now, he had almost died from the explosion. When the Ocean Splitting Thunderbolt was activated, his consciousness had entered the Sun Moon Altar. If he had been a second slower, he would have been dead even with the Hornless Dragon Armor. He was at the center of the explosion. After the explosion, the space-time rift door disappeared. The Barbarian King did not come out.

"Oh? The Barbarian God Envoy is still alive? "

Gu Chensha took advantage of the chaos to jump out again. He found the Barbarian God Envoy in tatters, lying on the ground. He was struggling to get up. He was seriously injured, but not dead.

"Isn't it said that those below the Glass Jade Body will die?

Maybe this Barbarian God Envoy has a trump card. His talisman is very strong. But since he is not dead, it suits me. The heavens are helping me! "

Gu Chensha was overjoyed to see that the Barbarian God Envoy was only seriously injured and not dead. He did not dare to approach because even if the Barbarian God Envoy was seriously injured, he was still not someone he could deal with. Fortunately, he had the Faithless Heart Seizing Talisman.

This was also part of his plan. As long as the Barbarian God Envoy was not dead, the Faithless Heart Seizing Talisman would be useful.

"Seizing Heart, go!"