Chapter 129
===========

Gu Chensha met the sword light head-on. The Demon Conquering Blade in his hand didn't change at all. It was clumsy and childish, like a toddler learning to walk. This was his "Clumsy Fist". It was clumsier than the last time, but it was more powerful.

Moreover, he didn't use his own strength in this strike, but the Great Dragon Armor and Demon Conquering Blade.

After a month of secluded cultivation, the Great Dragon Armor and Demon Conquering Blade had been refined with his blood. Their power had increased by several folds, and his "Clumsy Fist" had gained many insights and transformations. Hum …

This was a simple and clumsy attack. The ever-changing sword light was restrained by this attack, and its brilliance converged, turning into a small sword that was seven inches long. It was stuck to the Demon Subduing Blade, and then it disappeared. Gu Chensha had sent the sword into the depths of the Sun Moon Altar with this strike.

Originally, the power of this sword was extremely great. However, Gu Chensha's Clumsy Fist happened to be the breaking point of the sword's transformation. At that moment, the sword lost control and was sent into the space of the sacrificial altar by Gu Chensha.

This attack was extremely mysterious. Even Yi Ming could only see it clearly. Gu Chensha's clumsy attack had caused the sword light, which had shocked the sky, to vanish into thin air without a trace.

"How dare you!"

The attacker hadn't expected the flying sword he'd trained so hard for so many years to vanish in an instant. He didn't even have a telepathic connection with it. Shocked and furious, he pounced over.

Only then did Gu Chensha see that the attacker was a middle-aged man with a sage-like demeanor. His eyes were sharp, and his Stellar Energy formed a vortex around him. The friction caused explosions and gales.

"How dare you!"

Yi Ming also used his Xiantian Stellar Energy to form an air wall. "Who are you? How dare you assassinate the Great Yongchō Court's Lord. Aren't you afraid of having your entire family annihilated?" "What? You're the Great Yongchō Court's Lord? "

The middle-aged man stopped, his expression uncertain. He glanced at the castle in the distance, then slowly retracted his Xiantian Stellar Energy and formed a pair of Stellar Energy wings on his back to prevent himself from falling. Transforming Xiantian Stellar Energy into wings was the most energy-efficient way to fly.

"I'm Duke Chen. Which sect are you from? How dare you commit murder on my fief. "Gu Chensha shouted.

"Since you're the Great Yongchō's Prince, why are you sheltering evil devils and allowing them to cultivate their evil arts here?

Everyone has the right to punish those who walk the evil path. You knowingly broke the law, but how should you be punished? "

The middle-aged man pointed at Wang Zhi and Lan Ru. "I've hunted these two fiends for a long time and killed several of their disciples. Now they're relying on you, your highness. Do they really think they've found a backer?" "Eighth Sword Nunnery, what atrocities have we committed?"

Wang Zhi said indignantly, "Not only did you kill a few of my disciples, but you also want to kill us all."

"Isn't cultivating the demonic art a crime against heaven and reason?" The middle-aged man, Jian Ba An, shouted, "You are a heretic, yet you still dare to quibble." "Master, this person should be from the Mystical Ten Thousand Swords Sect."

"Every disciple of the Mystical Ten Thousand Swords Sect has the surname 'Jian'. Their founder isn't human, but an ancient immortal sword that cultivated a human form." "Looks like they're also one of the ancient seventy-two sects. No wonder they're so domineering."

Gu Chensha nodded. "Eighth Sword Nunnery, whether they're guilty or not is for the imperial court to decide, not your sect's nonsense. If they've harmed someone, you can produce evidence and the court will deal with them. If you kill innocents in the name of exterminating evil, what difference is there between you and a fiend?

Also, my fief is currently being ravaged by poisonous insects. Many people have been bitten by them, so what's wrong with hiring them to get rid of them? They're saving lives. " "Hmph! A load of nonsense. "

Eighth Sword Nunnery sneered. "But for the sake of the imperial court, I'll let it go for now. How did Duke Chen take my sword? Please give it back to me. "

"Eighth Sword Nunnery, you have to remember that this world belongs to the imperial court. Apart from the imperial court, no one can convict you. Besides, Wang Zhi and Lan Qi have never harmed anyone. They don't even have a heart, so don't act in the name of exterminating evil. Otherwise, even the law will be set for you." Gu Chensha's Great Dragon Armor squirmed as he took out the seven-inch sword he'd just collected.

The Eighth Sword Monk waved his hand and the sword flew into his hand. However, he did not listen to Gu Chensha's words. Instead, he continued to sneer and said, "The imperial court? How arrogant. We immortal cultivators never care about what the ordinary people in the imperial court say. I will remember today's incident. In the future, the Mystical Gate of Myriad Swords will definitely get revenge." Even as the words left his mouth, he retreated even faster than a bird.

"Master, this person is too arrogant. I think his cultivation is at the seventh transformation of the Dao Realm. It's just that his swordsmanship is more mysterious," Yi Ming said.

"I've already peeked at the changes in his swordsmanship. As long as we catch up, we can kill him in ten moves." "No need."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "The imperial court has the magnanimity of the imperial court. They can kill innocent people, but we can't. The reason why I returned the flying sword to him is that I hope he can comprehend it. If he can't, then there's nothing we can do. If there's a second time, we'll capture him and hand him over to the imperial court. Let's go back."

Everyone returned to the market outside the castle. As expected, there were fewer poisonous insects in the market. They all crawled into the huge pit in the valley in the distance.

"Yi Ming, I'll let you refine this Magic Breaking Celestial Sword. Grand Preceptor Wen Hong said that he removed the imprint in it."

Gu Chensha took out the Magic Breaking Celestial Sword. "Although this celestial sword far surpasses my Demon Subduing Blade, I made it myself. It's easy to use since I've connected it with my heart."

Yi Ming took the Magic Breaking Celestial Sword and dripped a drop of blood on it. At the same time, he infused Connate Qi into it. The sword immediately shook its head and tail, communicating with his aura. It immediately nodded. "Grand Preceptor Wen Hong indeed removed the imprint in it."

"People like him won't lie. After all, he was once the Son of Heaven." Gu Chensha knew that such a person had a majestic bearing that looked down on the world.

"Master's martial arts have made a breakthrough. That strike just now directly broke through the Mystical Gate of Ten Thousand Swords. Even I couldn't use that strike." Yi Ming was very surprised.

"This is a Clumsy Fist that I comprehended myself. It's not very profound," Gu Chensha said. "It's just a martial art that suits me the best.

I'll write a memorial to my father now. I hope to get Wang Zhi and Lan Rong an official position. With a title, they won't be hunted down by the immortal dao sects. "

Shi Zhongchan nodded. "Then we'll have to rely on Your Highness. My father originally wanted to protect these two, but he was afraid of being attacked by the people of the court. Now that Your Highness is in favor, there's no harm in it."

"As long as it's the right thing to do, I don't care what others say." After everyone left, Gu Chensha began to write the memorial. As expected, three days later, the memorial was approved.

On it was the Heavenly Talisman Thearch's personal handwriting. "Very good. Regardless of whether the cultivation method is good or evil, only the behavior. Wang Zhi and Lan Rong have the heart to help the people by relieving their suffering and curing the Primal Insect Plague. This is a meritorious service to the country. I hereby order you to open a medical center and reward you with a seventh-rank official rank. You can teach them the art of Gu Poison.

"Father is indeed open-minded."

After receiving the approval on the memorial, Gu Chensha was overjoyed. He immediately ordered Shi Zhongchan and the others to make arrangements.

Shi Zhongchan was indeed capable. In the next two months, he led Wang Zhi and Lan Rong to dig Gu ponds on both sides of the road for thousands of li to attract the poisonous insects. At the same time, he opened a medical center and treated many people who were injured by the poisonous insects. Immediately, the trade in the fief increased greatly.

The medical center was also full of business. However, they were very cautious in accepting disciples. For the time being, Gu Chensha told the two to only accept reliable people in his residence. The art of Gu Poison was very terrifying. If someone with evil intentions learned it, it could often cause the entire city to die in a single night. Even Gu Chensha had to be very careful.

Seeing that business was booming, he secretly rewarded the two with Heavenly Dew, which increased their cultivation by a lot.

Of course, during these two months, Gu Chensha continued to cultivate and comprehend the changes. He consumed half a barrel of Heavenly Dew and increased the density of his Sun-Moon Dragon Blood. As for the Black Tortoise egg, it grew to the height of a human.

The Great Dragon Armor no longer had scales. Instead, it was replaced by runes. The runes formed the armor itself, as if it would transform into the King's Dragon Armor at any moment. The Demon Subduing Blade was the same, turning into runes.

Gu Chensha dripped his own blood to observe. He discovered that there were also tiny runes flickering in his blood.

He knew that his strength had improved again, but he didn't dare to relax. The words of the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong and the others were deeply engraved in his mind. If the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor really disappeared, even if it was only for a year or so, the world would undergo unpredictable changes. With his current cultivation, he was no different from an ant in this situation.

"Your Highness." On this day, after he finished cultivating, Shi Zhongchan requested to see him.

"Come in."

Gu Chensha hurriedly invited him in. After both parties sat down, Shi Zhongchan said, "Your Highness, the training of the troops has been completed. Three medical centers have been opened, and business is very good. In addition, the insect repellent we produced is also selling very well. Just based on this alone, the income from the fief is several hundred thousand yuan every month." "So much?" Gu Chensha was shocked. "Isn't that enough to cover our expenses? And we can even expand? "

"This is still not considered a lot. Right now, the Insect King and Blue Caterpillar don't dare to expand wantonly. They also don't have enough manpower, so they don't dare to spread their venomous arts carelessly.

Otherwise, it wouldn't be strange for them to earn several million yuan every month. Think about it, the greatest scourge of the Wilderness is the venomous insects. They are everywhere and much more powerful than ferocious beasts. This is also why the imperial court developed the Horned Dragon Armor.

Right now, the imperial court is developing the Wilderness, and countless people are pouring in. All of them are troubled by the venomous insects. If we can seize this market, we'll probably become very rich. "

Shi Zhongchan's tone was somewhat excited. "Of course, this is also because His Highness is deeply trusted by His Majesty. He actually gave the two of them official positions. Otherwise, the other princes wouldn't dare to openly recruit them." "Come, let's go take a look at the shops."