Chapter 160
===========

"Five Thunder Dragon Emperor's Hand."

Lou Baiyue's earth energy was destroyed and she seemed to be heavily injured. She kept coughing out blood. "I didn't expect you to use this mystic technique. After mastering this mystic technique from the Nest of 10,000 Dragons, you can only use it once a month. Once you use it, you need to condense the five thunders again to form the Dragon Emperor's Talisman and store it in your dantian. It takes a month. Your cultivation level is so much higher than mine, but you still used this mystic technique.

"There's no other way. The Great Massacre Divine Technique is too powerful. Although my cultivation level is far higher than yours, I really can't use other techniques to break your God Slaying Earth Energy."

Li Wangsheng waved his hand. "The Five Thunder Dragon Emperor's Hand is indeed a one-time attack. Now that you have completely lost the ability to attack, there's no need to struggle anymore." "Lou Baiyue, let's see if the Heavenly Talisman Emperor can save you."

Heng Budong's body was dripping blood. He was heavily injured by the attack just now. "I didn't expect your cultivation to be so powerful. I still underestimated you. I can't let you grow." "This woman is really terrifying."

Yuan Shasheng's eyes were also filled with killing intent. "In time, she might really surpass us. At that time, she will be the one chasing us." "Let's go." Li Wangsheng waved his hand. "I'm not used to using violence against women." "Just a demon."

Lou Baiyue said contemptuously, "Li Wangsheng, you are actually a demon too. Do you still want to have improper thoughts about me?" "What did you say?"

Li Wangsheng's expression changed slightly. He seemed to dislike being called a demon. "Don't think I don't dare to kill you."

"Can you kill me?" Lou Baiyue's body emitted black earth energy again. "Do you think I don't have other tricks up my sleeve?" "You are at the end of your rope. Why bother?" Heng Budong said. "You can't escape. If I let you escape, where would Li Wangsheng put his face?" "Trash."

Lou Baiyue ignored Heng Motionless and said two words. As she spoke, another bow appeared on her back. Two arrows were drawn and pointed at Li Wangsheng.

"Regular Arrow and Impermanence Arrow." Li Wangsheng's expression turned solemn. "I didn't expect the Great Massacre Divine Technique to have such changes." "Your arrow isn't very powerful."

Heng Budong sneered. "You can't even break my armor and shield when you're dealing with me. I'm afraid you're still far from being able to deal with Li Wangsheng."

"I only used twenty percent of my strength on that arrow. Do you really think that I can't do anything to you?" Lou Baiyue's attitude enraged Heng Budong.

"I want to see how many more tricks you have up your sleeves." Li Wangsheng said to Yuan Shasheng and Heng Budong, "Step back." "Hehe, I'll hold the line."

Yuan Shasheng's body drifted back thousands of steps, and Heng Budong also retreated even further, afraid that Lou Baiyue would drag him down with her. Li Wangsheng walked towards Lou Baiyue. Buzz! With a twang of the bowstring, two arrows shot out. Li Wangsheng waved his hand and knocked all the arrows down, but his body also shook a little. Whoosh whoosh whoosh … Lou Baiyue kept moving, shooting arrows endlessly. It seemed as if there was no end to them. These arrows were like flying locusts, attacking Li Wangsheng.

Li Wangsheng couldn't dodge these arrows at all, so he could only use his hands to block them. He grabbed them with both hands, and with a flash of light, he shattered all the arrows.

Heng Budong felt a chill in his heart. He didn't expect Lou Baiyue to be able to shoot so many arrows. He had personally experienced the ferocity of those arrows. One bow, two arrows, and one person. When combined, they formed a "Buddha" character.

This was evolved from the Fan family's supreme treasure by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, and it was even more powerful when activated with the Great Massacre God Technique. Pfft! Lou Baiyue spat out another mouthful of blood, and the arrows' momentum weakened.

Li Wangsheng's body suddenly flickered, and he was already close to her. With a light palm strike, a violent storm suddenly erupted. Large amounts of lightning flashed, and snake-shaped lightning streaked everywhere, blasting Lou Baiyue away.

"Dragon Snake Thunder Strike." Lou Baiyue's face was pale, and she couldn't stand still anymore.

"The difference between our realms is too big." Li Wangsheng said, "But I really admire you for being able to last this long." "Kill!"

All of a sudden, a dazzling light burst out from Lou Baiyue's body. A beam of divine light shot out from her head as if it was going to pierce through the sky and the earth, breaking the inexplicable boundary. The black flame on her body was burning, and her speed increased several times as she rushed towards Li Wangsheng.

"She actually used a secret technique to forcefully raise her realm. She wants to raise her Dao Realm Eight Transformation Samadhi True Fire."

Li Wangsheng's eyes shot out the image of a dragon and a snake. He didn't dodge. His black hair fluttered behind his head. He reached out his hand and clashed with Lou Baiyue's physical body. Peng!

An energy shot forwards, and the black flames around Lou Baiyue's body were scattered. She flew backward and fell to the ground. When the skeletons came into contact with the black flames, they all started to burn and turned to dust. But when the black flames landed on Li Wangsheng's body, they were all wiped out.

Lou Baiyue's body flew backward and she spat out fresh blood once more. Cracks actually appeared on her body and she was pretty much shattered. Li Wangsheng didn't move at all.

"Lou Baiyue, no matter how you struggle, it is useless." Li Wangsheng said, "Stop doing useless things. If you attack again, you will burn to death." Lou Baiyue stood up once more, but her aura was much weaker.

But she suddenly charged forwards once more. She used the Great Massacre God Technique and the black lotus rose up once more.

"It is useless."

Li Wangsheng's body moved and a large lightning dragon appeared. It formed a heaven and earth flaming net that struck Lou Baiyue. Hong hong hong!

A series of explosions caused Lou Baiyue to fly backward once more. This time, all her earth energy was scattered. Li Wangsheng removed the lightning around him and was about to head forwards to grab Lou Baiyue.

But just at that moment, a hand appeared in the air and grabbed Lou Baiyue. It pulled her into the depths of space and she disappeared.

"Hmm?"

Li Wangsheng didn't expect something like this to happen. In fact, he had been holding back because he was afraid that Lou Baiyue might have some treasure left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor.

The vertical eye between his brows split open again and scanned everywhere, but he didn't find anything.

"Ten Thousand Dragons Facing Reality!"

At this time, he truly revealed his terrifying side. His body floated in the air and countless rays of light shot out from his body, spreading out in a radius of several li.

In an instant, those rays of light turned into tens of thousands of small dragons that swam everywhere. Everywhere they went, everything was silently turned into dust. But they still didn't find anything.

Yuan Shasheng and Heng Budong's expressions were a little ugly. Because the countless small dragons swam everywhere, even the air around them was shattered. There was nothing to hide, but they didn't touch them. This showed that this was Li Wangsheng's most exquisite manipulation ability.

After dozens of breaths, the tens of thousands of small dragons finally disappeared. All the bones here had been turned into dust, and not a single complete piece could be seen. However, Lou Baiyue had disappeared just like that. Not even a strand of his hair could be seen.

"I can't believe I let her escape." Li Wangsheng was full of murderous intent.

"That hand just now …" Heng Budong was silent. "This time I have offended Lou Baiyue. If she reports it to the imperial court, I'm afraid there will be trouble. I'll leave first and make some arrangements."

"Don't worry. Now that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is really in seclusion, the imperial court's affairs are decided by the ministers of the Upper Study Room. Even if Lou Baiyue reports it, these people won't dare to deal with it. We can only wait until the Heavenly Talisman Emperor comes out of seclusion." Li Wangsheng waved his hand. "Let's do something big first. Why hasn't the Barbarian Emperor come yet?"

"The Barbarian Emperor has something to do. He will come soon." Yuan Shasheng said. "Let's go deeper." "The space here is distorted. Be careful." Heng Budong said.

"Don't worry. I know the route. As long as we don't go wrong, we can go deeper and reach an agreement with many old demons …" Li Wangsheng took the lead and moved forward. The two of them had to follow behind. At this moment, Gu Chensha was looking at Lou Baiyue in the Sun and Moon Altar.

It was him who had suddenly made a move and grabbed the opportunity to pull Lou Baiyue into the Sun Moon Altar. It was him who suddenly took the opportunity to pull Lou Baiyue into the Sun and Moon Altar. He had no choice but to save Lou Baiyue. Otherwise, he would not watch Lou Baiyue be killed. There was only one way. No one could hurt Lou Baiyue if he pulled her into the depths of the Sun and Moon Altar. The Sun and Moon Altar was not an ordinary space. Even the gods would not be able to find it because the altar was integrated with the Heavenly Way.

Although there was a great risk that Lou Baiyue would find out the secret of the Sacrificial Decree, he couldn't care too much at the moment. It was not his style to leave someone in the lurch. Puff! Lou Baiyue, who was pulled into the Sun and Moon Altar, spat out fresh blood once more.

Gu Chensha hurriedly took out the Purple Blood Life Returning Pill and fed it to her. She took more than ten pills in a row, and only then did she recover a little. However, her broken body could not be repaired. Her injuries were too severe.

"Are the Purple Blood Life Returning Pills useless? Then, I can only use Heaven Dew. "Gu Chensha took out Heaven Dew and fed it to Lou Baiyue. But Lou Baiyue's recovery was still slow.

"It seems like I can only use my fresh blood."

Gu Chensha frowned and forced out fresh blood. It seeped out from his fingers and dripped onto Lou Baiyue's head. It seeped into her broken body.

He had reached Dao Realm Transformation Four and his blood was really thick. When it dripped out, it gave off a bright light. It was five-colored and gave off a clanging sound. It didn't look like a liquid but a five-colored diamond.

He consumed large amounts of Heaven Dew and cultivated in his residence to absorb celestial energy and Xuanwu Energy. After refining it many times and with Yi Ming's Samadhi True Flame, the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood had the ability to heal the dead.

Apart from that, the Dragon Tower in his body turned into large amounts of Dragon Energy that merged with his body. The Sun and Moon Dragon Blood became even more magical.

Large amounts of Sun and Moon Dragon Blood dripped onto Lou Baiyue's body. Lou Baiyue's broken body finally started to heal and the aura in her body became stronger and stronger. An hour later, a flame appeared in her body that flowed around her body and gathered in her meridians.

"She actually stepped into Dao Realm Transformation Eight Samadhi True Flame."

Gu Chensha was shocked, "Her injuries have all healed and her cultivation has improved. Does my blood actually have such an ability?"