Chapter 610
===========

"The Minor World Tree is even stronger than the Heavenly Demon Tree and the Wish Tree?"

Jing Fanxing was overjoyed. "So the Celestial Calmness Department relied on the Heavenly Demon Tree to be so arrogant and produce the Human Dragon Armor, Human Dragon Sword, and Human Dragon Pill.

If I get my hands on the Minor World Tree, won't I be able to suppress the Celestial Calmness Department? "

"Not necessarily. The Dao Seeking Painting is a microscopic world that hasn't even evolved into a Minor Chiliocosm. The Minor World Tree is only in its embryonic form, so it can't compare to the matured Wish Tree. More importantly, under the baptism of the Heavenly Dao, the Wish Tree will surpass the limits of the ancient emperors and become closer to the Primordial Tree. Add to that the operation of a medium-class world, and the tree's power has reached a new level. It's not something an ordinary treasure can compare to.

Furthermore, the Wish Tree is just an idea. The ancient emperors envisioned it, but never actually refined it. Now that the Celestial Calmness Department has refined it, it has gathered the wishes of all living beings.

If my guess is correct, it has already begun to break through some kind of limit. "Wan Senshi shook his head." What you need to do now is to nurture the Minor World Tree. " "How?" Jing Fanxing didn't know anything about the Minor World Tree in the Dao Seeking Painting.

"This tree is special. It absorbs the destiny of others," Wan Senshi said.

Immortal Teacher Wan said, "Use your magic power to activate the tree and leaves will fall from it. Each leaf is a talisman that can be used by ordinary people or cultivators. These talismans have great uses. They can be used for defense, offense, cultivation, and suppression of demons. They also have a part of the world's power to protect the body. Not to mention flying, the leaves have a space of their own that can store magic power and astral energy. Not to mention all kinds of treasures, they can absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth, immortal energy, and the power of the stars. If a cultivator gets one of these leaves, they will be in an invincible position. If a cultivator gets one of these leaves, they'll be virtually invincible. "

"Master, what is destiny?" Jing Fanxing didn't really understand. He was asking a really smart question.

"The so-called luck, when flipped upside down, is luck. It is a person's fate in the future. One must know that there are millions of possibilities in a person's future. Maybe if your thoughts change slightly, the future won't be what you think it is. When one reaches the 24 Dao Realm Transformations, one can only see a few futures that are easy to see. As long as the secrets of the heavens change slightly, the future is basically impossible to see. Even for someone at my realm, it will be extremely difficult to see all the futures."

Wan Senshi patiently explained to Jing Fanxing. "Once a cultivator grasps the World Tree's leaf, that cultivator will be able to dominate for a while and achieve great things. But his future will be cut off. Or rather, the World Tree will absorb his future. Or rather, the World. The Tree will absorb everything." "What will it be like? Will I die?" Jing Fanxing basically did not understand such a realm.

"For example, a commoner. He has many paths to take in the future. Some paths lead to a life of poverty and death, suffering all kinds of pain and suffering.

There was also the occasional opportunity to obtain the Immortal Dao and walk on the path of cultivation. Other than that, there was the wealth that he picked up along the way, making a fortune from doing business and having a house full of children and grandchildren. There was also the opportunity to obtain the appreciation of nobles and slowly become a high official, enjoying glory, splendor, wealth, and splendor. All of these were the paths of his future.

However, if he obtained the leaf of the Small World Tree, he would basically be the pride of the heavens for the first few years. He would get whatever he wanted.

But after absorbing all his luck, the World Tree's leaf will disappear and return to the World Tree's main body.

All of his cultivation power would be absorbed, and his luck would dissipate. He would fall to his death if he walked, and he would choke to death if he drank water. In other words, all of the good paths in his future would be absorbed by the Minor World Tree. The rest of his life paths would be the worst of all possible futures. He will either wander around, suffer humiliation and torture to death, or die a violent death. He will suffer all the suffering in the world. "

Wan Senshi's words caused Jing Fanxing's hairs to stand on end. "Master, if I manage the World Tree, will something like this happen to me?"

"Hahahaha …" Wan Senshi laughed loudly. "How could it be like this? I raised you, and if something like this happens to you, wouldn't everything I've done be for nothing?

"Don't worry, I'll teach you the true secrets of the World Tree. Furthermore, I'll also teach you a technique, the Celestial Divination Technique. It'll work seamlessly with your Birth and Destruction Transformation Technique, and you'll be able to completely control the World Tree when Yin and Yang circulate.

"That's right."

Jing Fanxing suddenly thought of something. "Rumor has it that after the ancient Sons of Heaven obtained the Heaven Sacrifice Decree, they immediately became the Son of Heaven. Their luck was great, and they could get whatever they wanted. However, after the Heaven Sacrifice Decree flew away, the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art was completely forgotten. Their cultivation techniques were also lost. Although some of the ancient Sons of Heaven created their own cultivation techniques, their luck was still greatly damaged. Since ancient times, there has never been a Son of Heaven who managed to escape unscathed.

Basically, the ancient Sons of Heaven all died. Even the two Sons of Heaven of the Ji State Profound Gate, She and Ji, chose to merge into the Profound Gate Grotto-Heaven. That was also a kind of tribulation. Could it be that Master's change was comprehended from the Heaven Sacrifice Decree? " "You're worth teaching."

Wan Senshi laughed loudly. "That's right. I comprehended the Heaven Sacrifice Decree's ability to create the leaf of the World Tree. It can absorb anyone's luck and future. This is an extremely profound method of stealing from the Heavenly Dao. The so-called Heavenly Dao takes away surpluses and makes up for deficiencies.

This is not an evil method, but an orthodox Heavenly Dao. It doesn't care about good and evil, nor does it care about morality. It only cares about balance.

If a person obtains this leaf of the World Tree and doesn't use it, then the leaf can't absorb their luck and future. " "Master, this move is quite powerful."

Jing Fanxing was thoroughly impressed by Wan Senshi. "I will definitely not let Master down. I will manage the Holy Samar Empire and evolve it into a huge country, a desert civilization. I will complete Master's plan of salvation. "

Wan Senshi nodded. "I've already given you everything that should be given. You'll have to rely on yourself from now on."

"Master, the Dharma Saint and Master seem to be fighting over some kind of general trend in the world. The Dharma Saint wants to carry out the Spirit Demon Plan. He has his own ideas. What if I encounter the Dharma Saint's solicitation? "Jing Fanxing asked the last question.

"The Warlock Saint will not interfere in matters that I have interfered in."

Wan Senshi said, "Now that the Dharma Saint and I have formed an alliance, his Spirit Demon Plan and my Great Savior Plan do not conflict. Even if the Spirit Demon Plan succeeds, we will still have to carry out the Great Savior Plan in the end." "Your disciple understands." Jing Fanxing completely understood.

"It's good that you understand."

Wan Senshi moved and disappeared, leaving Jing Fanxing behind. He grabbed the Dao Querying Painting and sent his spiritual power into it. Immediately, he saw the small World Tree in the dust world.

There was nothing mysterious about the small World Tree. It didn't seem like it could give birth to any treasures. It wasn't as magical as Wan Senshi had made it out to be, saying that it surpassed the Heavenly Demon Tree and the Tree of Wishes. In short, Jing Fanxing couldn't gain anything from the small World Tree.

But he knew that the tree was still in its infancy. He had to manage it well and absorb enough luck before amazing things could be born.

He put the painting away, and a cruel smile appeared on his face. "Calming Immortal Minister, now that I have this treasure, I'll take all of your people's destiny. Your future paths have been severed. I, Jing Fanxing, am back. Furthermore, I have the protection of Immortal Master Wan. Who would dare to touch me?" Waves of energy were transmitted out, and Jing Fanxing was very satisfied.

Within the medium-sized world of the Common People's Wish sphere, Zhuge Ya was circulating his spiritual power. Chaotic energy descended from his body, turning into the shadows of mountains and rivers. But in the end, it still turned into chaotic energy. This was the Dao Realm 29 Transformation, the realm where one comprehended chaos.

Now that Zhuge Ya had reached this realm, he was trying to break through the most important gate, which was to reach the Dao Realm 30 Transformation, Grotto-Heaven Opening, also known as World Creation Realm. This was God Realm.

"With my True Dragon Technique Grade Nine cultivation and my identity as the Lord of Two Seven Stars, I am breaking through to God Realm. What is this? There is actually a power that is stopping me from forming the Dao? "

Zhuge Ya cultivated and tried to break through. His spiritual power fluctuations caused a space storm in the depths of the medium-sized world.

Zhuge Ya's current strength was huge. The Dao Realm 29 Transformation, Comprehension of Chaos Realm, used one's own intent to comprehend the Chaos World, absorbing the chaotic energy, brewing, changing, and finally turning it into a world. Dust World. This was God Realm.

During this process, one's spiritual power would turn into World Power and one's strength would increase by leaps and bounds. If one couldn't break through to this realm, one would just be a normal celestial cultivator.

The gap between God Realm experts and celestial cultivators was huge and couldn't be calculated by the Dao.

In terms of combat strength, if it wasn't for a freak like Gu Chensha, even if there were 10 or even dozens of 29 Transformation Chaos Realm experts, they wouldn't be a match for a God Realm expert. As long as a God Realm expert spread out their dust world, they would be invincible.

Moreover, God Realm experts used the dust world to cross the chaotic space current and their chances of survival would increase greatly. Apart from that, their lifespan would also increase. But since ancient times, very few cultivators were able to complete this stage. How tall was the word God? Even with Zhuge Ya's talent, fortuitous encounters, and personality, he was stuck here.