Chapter 102
===========

The Great Dragon Armor didn't have the ability to absorb spiritual energy, unlike the five swords of Liu Yu and the others. It consumed a lot of spiritual energy to fly.

Although he had swallowed the Spirit Crystal, the Spiritual Qi had been slowly digested by him using the Sun and Moon Refinement Technique. The Spiritual Qi had fused into the armor itself, making the armor even more sturdy and spiritual. It was the same as digesting the Spirit Crystal. If he wanted to fly, he would have to continue replenishing it.

After flying for a day, at night, he found a place to land. First, he used the Beast Soul Stone to set up a Spirit Gathering Formation and then suppressed the Black Tortoise egg on it. Immediately, the formation surged with Spirit Qi. Then, he inserted the 18 Heavenly Dragon Spirit Gathering Flags and placed a jade bowl in the middle of the formation. This jade bowl was obtained from the Cold Jade Dew and was specially used to store spiritual liquid.

The formation was filled with mist which gathered into the jade bowl. When the sky was about to turn bright, there were dozens of drops of spiritual liquid in the jade bowl.

He poured it all onto the Great Dragon Armor and instantly spiritual energy surged within, allowing him to fly.

With the Beast Soul Stones, Sky Dragon Spirit Gathering Flags, and Xuanwu Egg as formation treasures, it was really easy to set up a Spirit Gathering Formation.

Of course, other people didn't have altar space and couldn't carry so many Beast Soul Stones, so they wouldn't be able to do what he did. He couldn't bear to use the Spirit Crystal to fly, so he came down to make spiritual liquid.

Spiritual liquid was actually really precious and one drop was worth a few thousand. It was hard to buy on the market. This was equivalent to spending more than a hundred thousand yuan.

"No wonder so few people fly. Even if they have flying treasures, they will just walk.

They can't fly at all. Even Dao Realm Transformation Seven experts won't choose to fly unless they have no other choice. It consumes too much energy. "Gu Chensha felt his heart hurt.

He cleaned up the Spirit Gathering Formation and flew once more. Three days later, he arrived at the seaside.

Slowly descending, his feet touching the ground, he looked at the endless manor in the distance, as well as the tall Prince's Manor between the mountains and the sea. It had to be said that the Eldest Prince's Manor was the most imposing out of all the Princes.

He was the eldest prince and the Heaven Talisman Emperor had him before he ascended the throne. However, he was far from what the other princes could compare to.

Although Gu Chensha knew that this mansion was far inferior to the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple, he didn't dare to let his guard down. He took out another spirit crystal and wrapped it around the Great Dragon Armor. This way, it would be able to sustain the armor's spiritual energy if he encountered an expert.

Whenever the Great Dragon Armor was attacked, it would squirm to neutralize the force of the attack. However, this also consumed spiritual energy. The fiercer the attack, the more spiritual energy it would consume. If it ran out of spiritual energy, it would shrink into a ball and lose its defensive capabilities.

If it was an ordinary First or Second Transformation Dao Realm expert, even if he had the Great Dragon Armor, he wouldn't be able to afford it.

Although one could absorb spiritual energy at Dao Realm, it would merge with the blood and spread throughout the body. If a Dao Realm expert wanted to get spiritual liquid, he had to store it in his dantian. Once it accumulated enough, he would force it out from the pores on his fingers. After three days, he would be able to refine a drop of spiritual liquid. When everything was ready, he began to sneak into the mansion.

Even though the Great Dragon Armor had the ability to conceal his presence and conceal his scent, it was impossible for even hunting dogs to pick up his scent. However, he still chose to sneak in at night.

The moonless night sky was gloomy. Gu Chensha easily bypassed the sentry posts and snuck into the First Prince's mansion.

There were many experts in the First Prince's mansion. There were both open and hidden sentries, and there were almost no blind spots. If the Great Dragon Armor didn't have the ability to conceal itself, it would have been difficult for Gu Chensha to sneak in. Previously, he had entered the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple by impersonating the Shadow Priest.

"How rich."

The mansion was inlaid with moonstones, and it was brightly lit. The floor was also paved with jade stones. Upon entering the mansion, faint spiritual energy drifted in the air. The whole mansion was a huge spiritual energy gathering formation.

"This is the Mountain and Sea Spiritual Incubation Diagram. Between the mountains and the seas, the mountains are stable, and the seas are surging. The two energies intersect, and all kinds of treasures are used to suppress them. Living in the eye of the formation, one can give birth to a god embryo. Of course, that's an exaggeration, but it's no small matter. It's even more complicated than my Black Tortoise Emerging from the Sea." Gu Chensha secretly looked around, and he already had some clues.

In fact, before coming here, he had asked Long Yuyun for information about the First Prince's mansion. Of course, Long Yuyun had no way of knowing where her relatives were imprisoned. She couldn't pry into the First Prince's secrets, but she had a rough understanding of the layout.

"Oh, right!"

He slowly searched, but he didn't find the place where the relatives were imprisoned. The mansion was huge, and even if he wandered around for eight to ten days, he might not be able to search the entire place. However, Gu Chensha wasn't in a hurry. He slowly walked forward, and soon he saw a solemn hall with the words "Holy Worship Hall" written on it. Joy immediately filled his heart, and a thought rose in his mind. He knew what was inside the Holy Worship Hall.

It was an imperial edict from the Emperor to the Prince. The edict, the rewards, all had to be worshipped in a hall. Although it didn't have any actual use, it was still a great honor.

"The Crown Prince has been bestowed the most titles, and there is a bunch of imperial edicts. I want to get a sacrifice and extract the Emperor's Energy. I will definitely be able to upgrade the Sun and Moon Altar. Apart from that, I might even be able to obtain the fourth move."

Gu Chensha had an idea. He hid at the entrance, and while the servants were cleaning, he snuck in. As expected, he saw many imperial edicts placed on the shelves. There were also incense offerings.

Imperial edicts weren't important treasures, and they were just used to show one's face. The guards weren't too strict, and no one would be so bored as to steal them. So, after the servants cleaned up, they closed the door.

Gu Chensha moved quickly and swept away all the imperial edicts and edicts on the shelves into the space of the sacrificial altar.

After he rose to Dao Realm, his control over the sacrificial power became even more exquisite. He was confident that during the sacrificial process, he wouldn't destroy the imperial edicts. He could directly extract the Emperor's Energy from them and place them back after the sacrificial ceremony.

"Gu Chensha, sacrifice the heavens …" He communicated with the Sun and Moon Altar and started to chant. Weng …

The Sun and Moon Altar started to spin, and an indescribable thing appeared on the imperial edicts. It was majestic and deep, and it contained all things. It contained the laws and rules, and it contained the will of countless beings. It also contained a power that could twist fate and change the world. This was the Emperor's Energy.

When the Emperor was angry, the world would bleed. One word from the Emperor could shake a country. A person could go from poor to rich, and a noble person could be turned into a prisoner, and their entire family would be executed.

This invisible power was much stronger than cultivation power. It was the laws, the human heart, and the Dao. By sacrificing this power to the heavens, one could naturally obtain the best blessings.

As expected, after receiving so many imperial edicts, the Emperor's Energy became really thick. The entire Sun and Moon Altar shone brightly and suddenly shook. The space expanded once more, and the sun and moon finally condensed. Yin and Yang circulated, and boundless light shone on the altar, making his body feel transparent.

Following this, a supreme intent descended from the light. Countless dragons appeared in his mind, and they intertwined with each other, forming a martial technique, Sun and Moon Dragon. Sun and Moon Shine Together Fourth Technique, Sun and Moon Dragon.

"Sun and Moon Dragon, so it's this move!"

Gu Chensha was delighted. The Sun and Moon Dragon had a set of body-refining techniques. As he cultivated, his body would transform. He would first cultivate the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales, Sun and Moon Dragon Skin, Sun and Moon Dragon Tendons, Sun and Moon Dragon Bones, Sun and Moon Dragon Marrow … and finally, the Sun and Moon Dragon Body. The Sun and Moon Dragon Body was so strong that normal people couldn't imagine it.

More importantly, when he cultivated the Sun-Moon Dragon, his body would become even stronger, and the blood in his body would become even denser. That would be the true Sun-Moon Dragon Blood, and refining magic treasures would be much better than before.

There was also the Dragon Transformation Fluid, which was made by many evil gods with reference to the ancient Son of Heaven's Sun and Moon Dragon Blood. Although it wasn't as pure as the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood, it was still very nourishing. Gu Chensha would use it to cultivate the Sun and Moon Dragon Technique in the future.

Although the Heavenly Dew was something bestowed by the Heavenly Dao, it was actually nourishing the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood. The ancient Son of Heaven killed evil people to obtain the Heavenly Dew, and after using it, he turned the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood into the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood. The effect of the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood was above the Heavenly Dew.

The Son of Heaven was known as the True Dragon Son of Heaven. His life's dream was to turn from a true dragon into the Sun and Moon Dragon, and then evolve into the Heaven and Earth Dragon, and finally reach a realm that no one had ever reached before, the Dragon of All Beings.

In reality, there were very few ancient Son of Heaven who cultivated the Sun and Moon Dragon Body, and none of them cultivated the Heaven and Earth Dragon Body.

However, the Sun and Moon Dragon Technique could only be cultivated on the Sun and Moon Altar to achieve great success. Without the Sun and Moon Altar, one could at most achieve small success, and would not be able to form the true Sun and Moon Dragon Body.

Now that he had received so many Imperial Edicts and the Son of Heaven's Qi, the Sun and Moon Altar had successfully evolved, and he had learned the Sun and Moon Dragon Technique, Gu Chensha felt that this trip was not in vain. He placed the Imperial Edicts one by one, but he caused a small commotion in the room.

The servant outside heard it and immediately came in to search, but after a long time, he didn't find anything, nor did he lose anything. He took the opportunity to open the door and slip out, continuing to search for the prison. But after searching for a long time, he didn't find anything.

"Where is it?

This was the Mountain and Sea Conception Layout. Logically speaking, the prison should be in a place where the sea and the sky met, where it could quickly vent its resentment and transform into the sea.

The prison was a filthy place, and the resentment was extremely heavy. The location of the prison had to be paid attention to. Otherwise, the entire layout would be messed up, and it would become neither fish nor fowl, completely losing its effect.

The originally good Fengshui has become an evil place. "Gu Chensha entered the space of the Sun and Moon Altar to observe the surroundings.

He looked for the place where the sea and the sky met, but he didn't see the prison. This was a little strange.

"Could it be that it's not imprisoned here?" He was a little suspicious. He searched for an entire night, but he didn't find any clues.

Early in the morning, the sun rose, and the Mountain and Sea were dazzling. He observed the Sun and Moon Altar again, and suddenly discovered that there was an extremely thick black aura in the center of the mansion. It was gathered into a ball, and it was inconceivably evil.

"What?" He came out of the Sun and Moon Altar to take a look, but he didn't find the black aura. The sun was still shining brightly. But when he entered the Sun and Moon Altar to take a look, he saw the black aura again.