Chapter 50
==========

Long Yuyun waved her hand, and the sparrowhawk landed on her shoulder. It looked at the crowd coldly, as if it was a proud and aloof expert. The slightest movement of its feathers was like the clanging of a sword, extremely mighty.

"This is a Blue-winged Sea Roc?"

Gu Chensha was slightly shocked. "This bird is extremely intelligent, and is an ancient species. It has the strength to tear sharks apart, and it feeds on ferocious beasts in the sea. Only the ancient immortals tamed it to guard their homes, and you have one too."

"Our Dragon Sword Island's direct descendants have the bloodline of the Dragon God and the Sea God. As long as you feed this bird with your blood, it will be reborn, and it will be completely loyal to you."

Long Yuyun patted the Blue-winged Sea Roc. "This is a young bird. When it grows up, it will be as big as a house. It can easily grab a giant shark and fly into the sky." "Ga ga, ga ga!" The Blue-winged Sea Roc made a sound in bird language. Long Yuyun listened attentively, and suddenly, her expression changed.

"What happened?" Gu Chensha felt that something was wrong.

"The evil cult barbarian army of the three counties has been mobilized, and they are cooperating with experts. They are going to conquer Ba Nan Province, and all the people in the province will be sacrificed to the evil god to gain more power."

Long Yuyun looked around. "This town can't be saved, and it will turn into ashes in half a day. The barbarians and the evil spirits will not let go of this thorn in their eyes. Moreover, this is the only way to Ba Nan Province, and the army will pass through here. "

"What?" Liu Yu and the rest heard this, and their faces turned pale. "Doesn't that mean that the town can't be saved?" "Don't worry, don't panic, and act now!"

Gu Chensha immediately ordered. "Inform the mayor and the people in charge. Let the old, weak, sick, children, and women leave first, and leave the young and strong. Those who know martial arts will stay here to resist the army and buy time. If we don't delay them, they won't be able to escape."

"You want to resist the evil cult barbarian army with so few people?" Long Yuyun shook her head. "I'll leave first, you guys think of a way." "Whoosh!"

Her body swayed, and she leaped away. The Blue-winged Sea Roc soared into the sky to monitor the ground and analyze the information.

"Dragon Sword Island is really rich. I'm afraid it will take me decades to build all of this." Gu Chensha knew that Long Yuyun would preserve her strength, and would not take the risk, which was understandable.

Everyone in the town began to panic. Under the leadership of the mayor and some influential families, they began to flee with their families. Some people refused to leave and insisted on staying in the town. Unless it was a critical moment, who would give up their family treasures and the family businesses that had been built by their ancestors and run away?

However, Gu Chensha could only do so much. He asked Liu Yu and the other four to lead the strong youths to set up defenses and fortifications. At the same time, weapons, bows, and arrows were placed in position. Then, they left the town and headed towards the main road of Peach County. Long and the army of the army of of, of, they could., and, and.

After advancing for about a hundred miles along the main road, a murderous aura filled the air in front of him. Flags fluttered in the wind. Sure enough, there was an army advancing. He could even hear the sound of hooves.

"Cavalry? Where did the horses come from? "

Gu Chensha leaped up a small hill and looked into the distance. He discovered that there was indeed a large army moving on the road.

At the very front were all cavalry. There were strong barbarian horses, and barbarians wearing leather armor. They were equipped with longswords and bows. He even saw some cavalrymen equipped with guns. Of course, they were not talisman spears, but ordinary guns. But it was still very terrifying. The barbarians only used sabers and bows because they did not have the skill to make guns.

"Where did so many barbarian soldiers come from? Did something happen to Marquis Jushi?

He is guarding the Great Stone Wall and resisting the barbarians. It is understandable that a few experts came in, but how could an army come in? Also, how did they get their hands on these guns? Could it be that there are spies in our court who secretly sold the guns to the barbarians? This is a crime punishable by the execution of nine generations. "

Gu Chensha could not understand. How did this barbarian army come in? The Great Stone Wall was at least ten thousand li long, and it was guarded by a great army. There were cannons in great numbers, and it was impossible for such a large barbarian army to march in.

It was one thing for evil cults to cause trouble, but the barbarian army was different. They were well-trained and had fought against many ferocious beasts in the wilderness all year round. They had rich combat experience, and most importantly, their bodies were strong and powerful. In terms of martial arts and physical strength, ordinary people were no match for them. This was the weakness of many countries compared to the barbarians in the past.

In the same small team of a hundred people, the barbarian soldiers could kill thousands of young and strong commoners.

Originally, Gu Chensha thought that it was evil cults, so the pressure would be less. But the barbarian soldiers, and cavalry at that, was a nightmare.

Barbarian horses were tall and strong, full of physical strength and wild nature. They were the rulers of the battlefield, and even the armies of the great Yongchō could not resist them. That was why the Great Stone Wall was built to defend against the omnipresent cavalry.

The cavalry was very mobile. They could rob here today, and appear a thousand li away tomorrow. It was impossible to catch them.

If the barbarian cavalry appeared, the tens of thousands of commoners in the town would be caught even if they tried to escape.

The most terrifying thing about the barbarian cavalry was that they did not need to replenish themselves. Wherever they went, they would kill people and sacrifice them to the evil gods. This way, they could obtain evil power, and even if they did not eat or drink for a few days, they would still be full of vitality. Moreover, the more people they killed and sacrificed, the stronger the barbarians and horses became.

That was why since ancient times, the barbarians had been desperately invading. This was all because of the evil gods. There was no training faster than killing people and sacrificing them.

This was the barbarian cavalry vanguard. There were three to five thousand of them, and they were definitely an "army". In ancient times, three to five thousand barbarian cavalry could destroy a country.

"I have to stop them. If they catch up, the tens of thousands of people in the town will be slaughtered in an hour." Gu Chensha was anxious. Whoosh! He ran down the mountain and hid in the bushes by the side of the road, without a sound. The cavalry galloped over, and when they were halfway, he suddenly attacked.

"Gale Blows Snow!"

His first move was a group battle move. It was the The Great Spirit God's Fist Technique, which was specially used to kill many people on the battlefield.

Once the saber moved, it was extremely powerful. It was like a gale blowing up snowflakes. The vast heaven and earth were filled with saber aura. When cultivated to the extreme, one could even use the saber to tear the air in a few steps, creating Acquired Upstanding Qi to kill. Pfft, pfft! The cavalry was cut in half at the waist.

Seven or eight cavalrymen and horses were cut in half. In an instant, people and horses were in a mess. He used the embryonic form of the "Demon Conquering Blade". This was originally a saber, but not a saber, like a sword, but not a sword. It was suitable for all saber and sword martial arts.

After killing seven or eight cavalrymen, seven or eight blood-colored spheres appeared in the space of the sacrificial altar, waiting for the sacrifice to turn them into heavenly dew.

The barbarians had always believed in the evil gods and destroyed the order of the Heavenly Dao, but they were not tolerated by the rules of the Heavenly Dao. Killing them was even better than killing evil people.

In ancient times, heaven and earth were protected by the righteous gods and the ancient emperors. If one compared heaven and earth to a human body, then the evil gods would be the poison in the body, constantly corroding the health of the Heavenly Dao.

"Enemy attack!" The barbarian cavalry spread out and shouted in barbarian language. An empty space appeared in the middle of the road. Such reaction speed was just terrifying. Sou sou sou sou …

The moment the barbarian cavalry spread out, the barbarian cavalry archers outside had already pulled their bows. The arrows were like a chain of locusts that could pierce through iron armor.

The barbarian cavalry archers were all godly archers. Their arm strength was really strong and they used strong bows. Their piercing power could even pierce through rocks, leaving only feathers behind. They could even shoot many arrows and each arrow would hit a fly. They didn't rely on their eyes to shoot arrows but on their senses.

The sound of the arrows tearing through the air rang out. The arrow rain covered the area and there were no blind spots at all.

Even if one was at the first or second transformation of the Dao Realm, he would definitely die if he was surrounded by thousands of barbarian cavalry archers.

"Amazing, it is tough for me to deal with such an army alone, but it won't be so easy for them to kill me."

Gu Chensha's body spun like a spinning top. His weapon danced and all the arrows were deflected. He was like a tornado that pounced forwards. His speed was even faster than the barbarian horses and he charged into the cavalry group. Instantly, a storm of blood swept up and four to five cavalry were killed by him.

The cavalrymen and horses were all wearing leather armor that was specially made from the skin of wild beasts. It was tougher than iron armor, and it was also very light. Even a sharp sword would only leave a slight scratch on it. However, the prototype of the Demon Subduing Blade in Gu Chensha's hand was unbelievably sharp. It cut through their armor like tofu.

If he relied on his fists, it would be much more difficult to kill these cavalry. Gu Chensha once again understood the importance of weapons. Ao! An expert roared and a strong wind surged over.

A long spear was like a poisonous dragon shuttling back and forth, drilling in from a tricky and strange angle. The spear's momentum was extremely fast, but it was soundless. The ingenious use of force was breathtaking.

Gu Chensha sensed danger. He slashed with the blade in his hand and wanted to split the spear in half.

However, the long spear seemed to have a mind of its own. It drew a curve before coming into contact with the weapon. It was like mist and clouds, and it actually avoided the weapon. It transformed into specks of cold stars and pierced into the major acupoints on Gu Chensha's body.

"This spear technique has reached the peak. He is a Barbarian Race Grandmaster. Normally, I would be able to kill him, but in the middle of an army, it will be tough." Gu Chensha's mind raced. He leaped up and used the blade technique, Storm of the Eight Directions.

This was also a blade technique from the Great Spirit God Technique. It was good at both offense and defense and was good at dealing with group battles. At that moment, the spear and many of the arrows that were shot at him were all struck down.

What he hated the most were the archers. Almost none of their arrows missed their target. Their speed was fast and they kept coming at him, sealing off all his escape routes. He could only fight in a narrow space. It seemed like the barbarian army had enough experience in dealing with experts.

The barbarians were indeed the best in riding and archery. They had dominated the world for thousands of years, and it was not without reason that they had defeated countless dynasties and countries.

Up until now, he had only killed 13 cavalry and was surrounded. Looking around, he saw the barbarian army everywhere, which made him feel despair.

This was the first time he fought against an army alone. He finally understood why the Great Yongchō could use an army to destroy so many sects.