Chapter 360
===========

"Family Head, when are we going to make our move? I can't wait any longer."

Jing Fanxing was very excited. "When we kill those Great Yong officials, I want to see how they beg and curse.

Especially those supervising envoys who are usually on guard against the Jing Family. They must die. "

The imperial court had secretly set up inspectors to deal with these noble clans. These agencies monitored the actions of the noble clans, collecting information and reporting it to the higher-ups. Such matters were managed by the Iron Blood Marquis.

However, now that the Calming Immortal Bureau had established itself, it worked with the Iron Blood Marquis to strengthen its supervision.

The Jing Family had always kept a low profile and was one of the first to submit to the imperial court. Although they were treated well, they still could not escape supervision. Especially after Jing Fanxing was captured, the imperial court's supervision of the Jing Family had increased significantly.

Of course, because of Wu Dangkong's interference in the imperial court, the Jing Family did not have a hard time. Instead, they expanded their business and accumulated a lot of power.

Jing Qiu also had a wide range of friends. He was friends with the heads of the various aristocratic families. He was also a guest in the Immortal Dao Xuan Sect. Under his methods, there were even some things that the Imperial Court could not monitor operating.

"Right now, you are just going to make preparations. Wait for my order before launching the Universe Strike."

With a flip of Jing Qiu's hand, a drop of azure blood the size of a soybean appeared. This drop seemed to contain the Qi of millions of Spirit Wood. It felt like if it were scattered, a dark green rain would fall from the heavens and earth.

"This is the Azure Dragon bloodline. It is extremely dense. It is the heart blood of a Saint-level Azure Dragon. Don't underestimate this tiny drop. If it were scattered, the entire Jing Province would be enveloped in this Azure Dragon blood and turn into an Azure Dragon Nest.

Any Spirit Herb in this Azure Dragon Nest will grow thousands of times faster, and its medicinal properties will also increase thousands of times.

Of the Four Great Sage Beasts, the Azure Dragon is the leader. Innate Wood is the most nourishing. It is the Law of Life and Death. If you want to increase your cultivation and strengthen your meridians, the Azure Dragon bloodline is the most suitable. "

Jing Qiu said to Gu Tanjian, "Furthermore, this drop of Azure Dragon bloodline belongs to the old Azure Dragon in the depths of the Black Heaven Earth Gate.

It cannot be compared to the infant Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird in the Calming Immortal Bureau. " Jing Qiu was right.

The Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird in the Calming Immortal Bureau were young beasts. Even if they obtained them, they would not be able to mature.

As for the Azure Dragon in the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth, it had lived for countless years. The power of its bloodline had already merged with the pure laws of Connate Yi-Wood. If it was obtained and used, it could be integrated into one's bloodline, and one could almost become an immortal immediately.

Among the four sacred beasts, the Vermilion Bird was of the fire attribute, capable of incinerating everything and melting the void. The Black Tortoise was of the water attribute, capable of drowning everything. Only the Azure Dragon was of the wood attribute. It flourished and nourished all living things.

Of course, the Black Tortoise's Water Law also had the ability to nourish, but water was still far inferior to wood in terms of vitality.

For cultivation, the Azure Dragon bloodline was the best. It could even allow one to break through certain limits of lifespan and live longer.

"Yang Longer than you," said. "Cultivating". "Longer," Emperor've you. "Longer." Dragon longer "longer." Dragon blood Head, blood Chen Chen the Dragon.

"Dragon Nurturing Pills?" Jing Qiu smiled. "At least Dragon Nurturing Pills, ten of them! Only then can I exchange for this Azure Dragon bloodline. "

"Hahaha …" Gu Shengjian laughed. "Mr. Jing Qiu, you've probably forgotten something. A Dragon Creation Pill can turn an idiot into an unparalleled genius.

If I go to the Black Heaven Earth Gate, I can exchange for one drop of Azure Dragon blood with just two. What are geniuses?

They are people who can cultivate magic power. If they are lucky, they can cultivate to the twenty-seventh transformation, second only to the gods. "

"It is impossible to cultivate to the twenty-seventh transformation with the help of the Dragon longer. You can't even achieve immortality."

Jing Qiu smiled. "The power of the pill is just a supplement. If you consume it, you will restrict your talent and reduce your luck." "Three at most. Otherwise, I'll go to the Black Heaven Earth Gate." Gu Tanjian bargained.

"The Azure Dragon of the Black Heaven Earth Gate is in a deep slumber. There is no way to exchange with you."

Jing Qiu was even more confident. "I've obtained enough bloodline. I'm preparing to enter the Common People's Wish sphere. I'll use this bloodline to transform the world and create an unshakable foundation for my Jing Clan. The Azure Dragon and I have come to an agreement."

"What did you promise? The Azure Dragon gave you his heart's blood even though he was in a deep slumber."

Gu Tanjian was shocked. He felt that Jing Qiu was dangerous. He might be even more dangerous than the Calm Immortal Department. His scholarly appearance hid a crazed desire to destroy the world.

"This Jing Qiu can't be allowed to live."

A thought appeared in Gu Tanjian's mind. "He is able to cause chaos and is much more patient than the old antiques of those aristocratic families. He is able to borrow power and has a glib tongue. The key is that he caused chaos and the Yongchō was split into many pieces.

My value as a prince has greatly decreased. Once the world is in chaos, my National Luck Party will suffer heavy losses. The key is that this person's rise doesn't benefit me at all. What I want is for him and the Calm Immortal Department to die together and then I will reap the benefits.

Now it seems like this person has planned everything and is really confident in taking down the Calm Immortal Department. If that happens, I will probably be killed by him in the future. " Killing intent rose up in Gu Tanjian's heart, but he knew that he was far from Jing Qiu's match.

The Undying Body of the Dao Realm's twenty-fifth transformation wasn't something that the elders could easily nurture.

"Prince, do you want to kill me?"

Jing Qiu smiled. "Prince, you are thinking that it is best if I die together with the Calm Immortal Department so that you can reap the benefits. After all, you want to seize the throne and use the luck of Great Yong to do some things.

If the dynasty is split into many pieces, it won't benefit you at all. Moreover, in the future, when the celestial path cultivators deal with the Gu Family, you won't be able to escape. Even if you have some ancient existences supporting you, once the situation changes, they will abandon you and leave.

Moreover, with your current strength, even if you use your trump cards, you won't be able to kill me. On the contrary, I can easily kill you.

Since I can cut off the power of the Common People's Wish ball, I can also cut off your connection with the old antique and kill you on the spot. "

Gu Tanjian forced a smile. "Mister Jing Qiu must be joking. There is no benefit in offending the existence behind me."

"Lord The Great Spirit God isn't the strongest among all the gods, but he is definitely the smartest. Right now, all the gods are basically locked up and can't even communicate with their believers. They are all sealed in a dangerous place, including Maha God. However, The Great Spirit God gave up his position and descended to the world. Along with him assassinating Gu Taxian, he obtained the blessings of some mysterious power, causing his strength to increase instead." Jing Qiu had calculated everything clearly. Gu Tanjian actually couldn't hide anything from him.

"Mister Jing Qiu is really amazing. I have no choice but to admire you."

Gu Tanjian said, "How about this? At most, I'll give you five Dragon Creation Pills in exchange for the Saint Blood of Old Azure Dragon. If this deal doesn't work, then I'll forget about it." "That's fine. Looks like this is the Crown Prince's bottom line. "

Jing Qiu gave the Azure Dragon Blood to Gu Tanjian in exchange for five Dragon Creation Pills. He then handed them to Jing Fanxing. "Fanxing, use these Dragon Creation Pills to train your disciples. You must create five unparalleled geniuses in a short period of time. The main thing is that after we conquer the provinces, we need talents to manage them. You and I don't have time to settle them. As an unparalleled genius, you can be the founder of a country." "Yes, Master."

Jing Fanxing took the Dragon Creation Pills and felt that it was a pity. However, he was also an unparalleled genius now. There was no point in using the pills. It would just be a waste.

But the Dragon Creation Pills could still be exchanged for countless treasures at the Mystic Immortal Sect. However, he couldn't go against the Master's wishes at the moment.

"The deal is done. I have to go back and refine the Azure Dragon Blood into my own bloodline to increase my potential." Gu Tanjian felt that he couldn't stay here any longer.

"Have a safe journey, Crown Prince." Jing Qiu didn't stop Gu Tanjian and watched him leave.

"Patriarch, why don't we keep him here? He has many treasures on him. If we can kill him, we'll be able to reap a great harvest. It'll be even greater than killing Gu Chen and Baoyue." Jing Fanxing had long since wanted to kill him.

"The existence behind him is ancient and mysterious. If I make a move now, I'll be saved by that existence, and it'll only cause more problems. Think about it, the mysterious big shot behind him has given him so many resources, even the Dragon Creation Pill, a heaven-defying treasure from the Dragon Gate of the Desolate Eon. He's clearly a chess piece. How could those big shots let me kill him so easily?"

Jing Qiu said, "What's more, what we need to do now is to split the Divine Prefecture, shake the foundations of the Yongchō, and set the prairie ablaze. As the vanguard of the revolution, I'll naturally obtain boundless Luck. If we cause more problems and offend the big shot behind Gu Tanjian, this plan will fail on the verge of success."

"If we succeed, we'll also kill Gu Tanjian." Jing Fanxing licked his lips, looking extremely bloodthirsty. "Everyone in the Gu Clan will die."

"After I succeed, I'll communicate with the existences behind Gu Tanjian and obtain their support. As long as they obtain enough benefits, they'll also abandon the chess piece Gu Tanjian. At that time, you can do whatever you want with him." Jing Qiu had already arranged everything.

"Then I'll go now. When will the Master give the order to move? I want to be mentally prepared. "Jing Fanxing asked.

"I still have something to do, but it'll be very soon. I'm going to see that Wu Dangkong. "

Jing Qiu said, "I believe that the Black Heaven Earth Sect's Sect Leader has already revealed some of Wu Dangkong's secrets to you. Our Jing Clan is killing officials and rebelling. If she tries to stop us, I'm afraid it'll be a huge obstacle."