Chapter 774
===========

Gu Chensha had never acted rashly. He dragged Xing Qiongshi along with him.

In the past, he had worked with Xing Qiongshi. He had even exchanged his experience of refining the new Divine Land with Xing Qiongshi.

Furthermore, ever since he had survived the tribulation and refined Xing Qiong Shi's head into the Divine Continent Gourd in the Dream World, he had learned all of Xing Qiong Shi's experiences and secrets. Xing Qiong Shi no longer had any secrets from him. Xing Qiongshi in the real world didn't know about this at all.

Now, Gu Chensha missed the dream world a little. Although it was dangerous inside, it allowed him to learn countless secrets and bring them back to the real world. Unfortunately, he couldn't enter the dream world again.

Fortunately, he had obtained all of Xing Qiongshi's secrets. He knew that Xing Qiongshi's greatest wish was to master the 100th stage of the Divine Land Gourd and kill the three Heavenly Sovereigns. Coincidentally, Gu Chensha could fulfill both of his wishes.

Therefore, the moment Heavenly Lord Victorious Doer appeared, Gu Chensha used his divine will to pierce through the void and lock onto Xing Qiongshi's location. He had already communicated with him.

Xing Qiongshi would definitely be very interested in joining forces with him to kill Heavenly Lord Victorious Doer. Moreover, Xing Qiongshi would probably be even more interested in Xing Qiongshi now that he had a deeper understanding of the Divine Land Gourd. Therefore, Xing Qiongshi had come. He had come to the Land of Ash.

"Xing Qiongshi!"

Seeing Xing Qiongshi's arrival, the Heavenly Lord Victorious Doer was not surprised in the slightest. Instead, his face was filled with confidence. "So, you're here as expected. You've saved me a lot of trouble.

"I didn't expect you to grow to this level."

Xing Qiongshi ignored Heavenly Lord Victorious Doer and looked at Gu Chensha. "I helped you this time. You should first tell me all the secrets of the Divine Land Gourd. Only after I obtain them can I help you deal with this old dog and your enemies. How about it?"

"Do you really think that these three people can do anything to me without knowing all the traps they've set up?"

Gu Chensha didn't care at all. "The reason why I called you here is actually to help you take revenge. You want to learn the Great Dharma of Shenzhou?

It's very simple. I'll tell you how to truly comprehend it. The Land of Ash here is very beneficial to my cultivation of the Divine Prefecture Grand Magic. Every speck of dust is an evolution of the primordial chaos. It has been compressed by the tides of the universe over billions of years. Every speck of dust can transform into an ancient divine mountain, or even a continent. It's the best material for me to cultivate the Divine Prefecture Grand Magic. " As he spoke, Gu Chensha's body suddenly changed. He turned into a gourd. Divine Land Gourd! He himself had turned into the real Divine Land gourd.

Back then, in the Dream World, Gu Chensha had successfully refined Xing Qiongshi's head and turned it into the Divine Land Gourd. Now, Gu Chensha himself had turned into the Divine Land Gourd, which was even more mysterious than the Dream World.

This was because he had cultivated to the God level and had devoured the Source of the Sun-Moon Master Gu Chensha. His strength had exceeded the Dream World by more than a hundred times. The moment he turned into the Divine Land Gourd, a huge suction force immediately appeared within the gourd. Instantly, all the surrounding fog was sucked into the Divine Land Gourd. This fog was a huge pressure on Heavenly Venerables. It could even trap and kill Heavenly Venerables within it. But for Gu Chensha, the fog here was the best tonic.

"Back then, when the three Heavenly Venerables refined the jade mountain to suppress Xing Qiongshi, they incorporated the dust here into it. That's why it had such great power and could suppress Xing Qiongshi to the point where she couldn't move. But at that time, even the three Heavenly Venerables couldn't completely control the fog and dust here."

After Gu Chensha turned into the Divine Land Gourd, countless fog was sucked into the gourd. In the depths of the gourd, the dust was refined by his Heavenly Dao Technique, and a real Divine Land was born. Buzz …

In an instant, the Divine Land Gourd that Gu Chensha had turned into shot out a stream of vital energy. This vital energy condensed into a Divine Land that looked exactly like the one in the Central Plains. There was no difference at all. This was just too similar to the real Divine Land in the Central Plains.

Gu Chensha had actually used the dust here to help him condense the real Divine Land. Compared to the Divine Land before him, Wan Senshi's new Divine Land was like child's play. It didn't have any sense of propriety. At this moment, the Divine Land that Gu Chensha had created was the real Divine Land. The real Divine Land. It could pass off the fake as the real one. This was Gu Chensha's own Microscopic Dust World.

Although the Microscopic Dust World in the sphere of the People's Wish was created by Gu Chensha himself, it didn't belong to his Origin World. Instead, it was an existence like a magic treasure. After Gu Chensha cultivated to the God level, he would also give birth to his own Microscopic Dust World. This world would be his true Origin World. In the past, the sphere of the People's Wish had been successfully refined with the help of external objects. At first, it had been with the help of the Heavenly Demon Book, and then it had been fused with many other treasures. It was actually a hodgepodge. Of course, the sphere had become more and more refined as time went on. Now that it had been fused with the Little Hongmeng Tree, it had become the largest fruit, and it had gone from Acquired to Innate.

Gu Chensha hadn't had the time to refine his own Microscopic Dust World. Now, he finally had the chance to turn into the Divine Land Gourd, absorbing the dust here and condensing the real Divine Land.

In order to protect the Divine Land in the Central Plains, his Microscopic Dust World had to become the Divine Land in the Central Plains. Moreover, there was no world more wondrous than the Divine Land in the Central Plains.

Other cultivators couldn't create something like this. Even an existence like Wan Senshi had pitifully little understanding of the Divine Land. The new Divine Land he created was very crude. Of all the experts in the world who understood the Divine Land, if Gu Chensha said he was number two, no one would dare say they were number one. Xing Qiongshi couldn't do it, and The Great Spirit God couldn't do it either.

The Great Spirit God had operated in Xian Province for ten thousand years, and his faith had seeped into the land of Xian Province. With Xian Province as the center, his faith had spread outwards, slowly eroding the Divine Land like a malignant tumor. But in Gu Chensha's eyes, this kind of behavior was actually very childish. He hadn't comprehended the secrets of the Divine Land at all.

It had to be said that after Gu Chensha cultivated to the God level and devoured the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha's essence, his vision was many times better than before. He had gained a comprehensive understanding of the vast amount of knowledge he had gained.

Over the years, he had gained far more knowledge than any of the old-timers. There were many things in the many heavens that he didn't know.

At first, he had acquired the memories of Jiang Gongwang, the Lord of Seven Stars. Later, he had acquired the memories of the Dharma Saint, the Martial Sage, Chang Yuzhou, Celestial Taiyi, and even the entire Buddhist civilization. He had even acquired the memories of Xing Qiongshi and the Immortal Lord. All of this knowledge, combined with his own calculations and observations, had formed his own Dao of Mending the Heavens.

Now, he was absorbing the dust and transforming it into a divine land. In the blink of an eye, the true divine land was born from the divine land gourd.

Not even Celestial Victorious Fighter, the Immortal Lord, Wan Senshi, or Xing Qiongshi could have predicted this would happen.

Before they could react, Gu Chensha sent a mental message to Xing Qiongshi. "Xing Qiongshi, this is the true Grand Magic of the Divine Land. I am the divine land, and the divine land is me. This is the best chance for you to create a middle-class world. I'll lend you a hand! Hurry up and transform! " A mental message was sent to Xing Qiongshi. The Grand Magic of the Divine Land was passed on to Xing Qiongshi in its entirety.

Xing Qiongshi looked like he had been struck by lightning, and then began to laugh uproariously. "Wonderful! Wonderful!

Even though I created the Grand Magic of the Divine Land, I can't believe you were the one who perfected it. It seems you are the true Son of the Divine Land. Divine Land Gourd, transform! "

Next, Xing Qiongshi's body transformed into the Divine Land Gourd. As he transformed, he breathed in and out, sucking in all the dust and mist in the area.

The two gourds sucked in the dust and spat out the energy of the world, transforming into the true divine land. This transformation happened in the blink of an eye.

Gu Chensha summoned Xing Qiongshi and imparted him with the true meaning of the Divine Land Gourd Transformation. Both of them transformed into gourds and absorbed the energy of the area. Not only did they grow stronger, they also drew upon the power of the divine land. Crackle!

Immediately, the seals created by the Immortal Master, Wan Senshi, and the Victorious Battle Celestial were all broken.

A vast power of the medium dimension emanated from Xing Qiongshi's Divine Land Gourd Transformation. He had finally transformed his minor chiliocosm into a medium dimension.

Originally, he had his own medium dimension. Unfortunately, it had been destroyed by the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd. Although he had been resurrected, he had never been able to cultivate it. Now that he had obtained the most profound meaning of the Grand Magic of the Divine Land, he had finally succeeded.

"Refine these two fiends!" the Victorious Battle Celestial roared. His battle intent seemed to be able to tear through anything.

Then, the shadow of a huge tree appeared behind him. This tree was the real Primordial Tree. It wasn't that the tree had descended, but that the Victorious Battle Celestial had borrowed the power of the tree.

Among the three Celestial Lords, the Victorious Battle Celestial was number one in terms of magical power, combat prowess, and combat prowess. There was no doubt about that.

His daughter, Dou Yiyu, had inherited his orthodoxy. Therefore, among the disciples of the three Celestial Lords, Dou Yiyu was number one in terms of magical power.

As for the other two Celestial Lords, one was number one in terms of luck, and the other was number one in terms of divination.

The number one in terms of luck was the best at gathering destiny. In other words, it was the way of governing a country, the way of management. Similarly, a group of disciples could unleash the greatest power of worship, causing the unity of their hearts to be the strongest. That was the most terrifying thing.

That was because of the final move of the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art. Even if one had the power to shine as brightly as the sun and moon, and had the same lifespan as the Heavens and Earth, they still wouldn't be able to reach the highest realm.

Therefore, among the three Celestial Lords, the Celestial Lord with the highest luck was the most terrifying existence.