Chapter 763
===========

This was what the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had left behind. Inheritance.

The power of the thirteen Infinity treasures gathered into one and gave off an unparalleled light. Not only did it block Gu Tiansha's tentacles, it even started to counterattack.

"Oh? Thirteen Infinity treasures. Not bad, not bad. "

Gu Tiansha looked at the light of the Infinity treasures blocking him. "Unfortunately, these people haven't cultivated to a high enough level and can't unleash the true power of the Infinity treasures. If they were all Sages, they could use the Infinity treasures to some extent and force me to retreat. Now, they are very ordinary and can be captured by me. After I get these treasures, I can collect the other Infinity treasures and control 36 of them. I can fuse them into my body and control the power of the Heaven Realm before devouring the Heaven Realm." Rumble!

The Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, moved again, and the power of the Universe of the Sun and Moon became even more ferocious. In the end, it formed a true sun and a bright moon above his head. The sun burned fiercely and wanted to burn everything.

The moon was cold and gave off cold air. It was the essence of Yin and Yang, and it wanted to freeze everything. The so-called Yin and Yang were in the Sun and Moon. Bang bang bang bang …

Thirteen explosions rang out consecutively, breaking through the thirteen streams of Boundless Power. Puff …

The Three Dukes and Eight Marquises hiding in the World Tree, as well as Fang Lin, all coughed up a mouthful of blood. Marquis Dashi was no exception. Only Wen Hong's face was pale, and his Yuan Qi had been damaged. He had not suffered any serious injuries, because his cultivation was the most profound.

"This Lord of the Sun and Moon is really ferocious."

Marquis Dashi panted heavily. The World Tree gave off a green air current and wrapped around him. He immediately recovered his strength.

The World Tree hid the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermillion Bird, the Black Tortoise, and the King of Common Life made by the North Star Emperor.

The Azure Dragon was a type of wood and was good at nourishing everything. The Azure Dragon Qi was a healing qi.

The Azure Dragon had the help of the Water of Black Tortoise and the North Star Sect as its foundation. The Azure Dragon borrowed the water from the wood and the earth to cultivate the fire and gold. At this moment, the Azure Dragon had broken through the limits of all its ancestors. Other than that, the Azure Dragon had long been baptized by the Heavenly Dao. Its Azure Dragon Qi was close to seizing the fortune of heaven and earth. In an instant, all the injured people were completely healed.

The World Tree was incomparably mysterious. It was personally refined by Gu Chensha, and it reached its current state step by step. It was unknown just how many treasures and archaic treasures were merged within it, and the tree even more so contained endless mysteries.

In the past, the Blood-Sucking Demon Vine had transformed into the Seven-Colored Demon Vine, then into the Ghostly God's Touch, and finally into the Heavenly Demon Tree. After absorbing the World Burial Coffin, it had become the Tree of Wishes, and finally, the World Tree. It was impossible to write down all the experiences within. Now, this tree had become the protective umbrella of the Calming Immortal Department. All of the experts were hidden within the World Tree, receiving its protection and healing.

"Do you think this stupid tree can protect you?

After I devour Gu Chensha, I will also devour this stupid tree. "The Lord of the Sun Moon Gu Chensha looked greedily at Gu Chensha who was sitting under the World Tree.

In the entire Calming Immortal Department, whether it was the dimensional sphere, the World Tree, the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermilion Bird, the North Star Sect, or the Martial Sage Heavenly Venerate, none of them were as important as Gu Chensha. In the eyes of the Lord of the Sun Moon Gu Chensha, even the infinite treasures were far inferior to Gu Chensha.

Only by devouring Gu Chensha could he completely break away from some kind of invisible shackles and obtain true supreme freedom. Suck!

A surge of energy surged from his abdomen. He opened his mouth and a vortex appeared. He actually wanted to directly suck Gu Chensha who was sitting under the World Tree into his stomach. At this time, Gu Chensha had no ability to resist at all.

Moreover, the tribulation above his head had turned into dark clouds. In the eyes of others, even if the Lord of the Sun Moon Gu Chensha hadn't attacked him, he would probably have been destroyed at any time. To him, the attack of the Lord of the Sun Moon Gu Chensha was like adding snow to snow.

"Protect Chensha!"

At this time, the Martial Sage Heavenly Venerate roared and activated the King of Common Life. The power of the two great Heavenly Venerates merged together, and together with the other experts, they channeled their magic power and world power into the World Tree.

Instantly, the branches and leaves of the World Tree grew wildly, forming a densely packed world of trees that did their best to block Gu Chensha's attack.

"You think this little trick can stop me?"

The Lord of the Sun Moon Gu Chensha's face showed disdain. "When I was in the God Realm, you could resist, but now that I've become a Sage, I can use more than ten times the power of the Sun Moon Universe. Let alone two great Heavenly Venerates, even two great Celestial Lifespans won't be able to do anything. Break for me! "

With a long roar, the power of the Sun Moon Universe erupted once again. The layers of the world of trees all scattered, but in the end, they still couldn't protect Gu Chensha.

"It's like I'm here. Activate the golden plate." At this moment, Lou Baiyue saw that the situation was critical and immediately activated the golden plate.

However, when she channeled the magic power of the Great Massacre God Art into the medallion, the golden medallion actually didn't release any golden light.

"Not good." Lou Baiyue immediately knew that things were bad.

This was a great tribulation for the Calmness Immortal Department. Even the golden medallion had lost its miraculous effect. This meant that the Heavenly Dao might be temporarily suppressing the Heavenly Talisman Emperor in some aspect, or the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and the Heavenly Dao might be locked in battle, unable to extricate themselves.

"Let's gather together."

The Martial Sage Heavenly Venerate had long seen this point. "There's no need to panic. This might be the Emperor's way of tempering you. If you rely on the Emperor for everything, you won't be able to stand on your own. This tribulation is the true test of your Calmness Immortal Department." The Martial Sage Heavenly Venerate roared again and again, "One with the Tree!"

He didn't know what kind of secret art he used, but his entire body actually transformed into a majestic ball of vital energy. Within this vital energy, there seemed to be all the living beings in the world, and every living being was constantly practicing martial arts, constantly striving to improve themselves. This was the true meaning of the Martial Path.

"Martial Path, this is a type of Heaven Mending Dao. Those who are naturally weak will use martial arts to become stronger."

Heavenly Lord Martial Saint expressed his own understanding, "You are born weak. This is the flaw of the heavens. The martial dao is to make up for the flaw of the heavens. The true dao of mending the heavens, the method of mending the heavens, the act of mending the heavens."

The Martial Sage gave out a loud roar. The vital energy that his body turned into actually merged with the World Tree.

The Martial Sage was now a Celestial Venerate. The moment his body merged with the World Tree, it was the same as the entire World Tree absorbing a Celestial Venerate. How terrifying would that change be?

The Dao Realm 36 Transformations was his Embodiment Transformation Realm. Although he was just a little bit away from the Celestial Venerate, be it combat ability or the ability to create and use things, the difference was like heaven and earth. Celestial Venerate, Celestial Venerate. A living being that even the heavens respected a little.

The Martial Sage merged with the World Tree. At this moment, the World Tree wasn't the World Tree anymore.

Large amounts of chaotic energy landed and wrapped around the World Tree. The World Tree slowly started to change and actually blocked the power of the sun and moon.

"Amazing."

When the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha saw this, he did not get angry. Instead, a smile appeared on his face. "Martial Sage, even if you are one with the tree, it is useless. This World Tree actually shows signs of evolving into a Primordial Tree. This is a little Primordial Tree. After I obtain this tree, I can refine it into a magic treasure. "

He didn't care about any changes. To him, after he reached Saint Realm, the bunch of people from Calming Celestial Division were useless and he could do whatever he wanted.

"Sun and Moon Rotation."

He spread his hands apart, and the shape of the sun and moon appeared again. It rotated slightly, and turned into a yin and yang taichi. The air shook, and suddenly, nothing could stop him, allowing him to rush directly in front of Gu Chensha.

"Let's see how you bunch of weaklings can stop me. All you can do is watch as I swallow this Gu Chensha."

The Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, stood in front of Gu Chensha, who was sitting under the tree, and the greed in his eyes became more and more intense. He was like an extremely hungry wolf that saw fresh meat and wanted nothing more than to devour it immediately. Kill!

The people from Calming Celestial Division, Lou Baiyue, King of Common People, Longevity God, Jin Suibo, Zhuge Ya, etc. All of them injected all their strength into the World Tree.

At this moment, the World Tree shrunk and the chaotic energy on it became thicker and thicker. In the end, it shook and a xiantian aura was born from within. At this moment, the World Tree couldn't be called a World Tree anymore. It was a Hongmeng Tree.

This was because the entire tree had transformed into a xiantian spirit treasure. It had transformed from houtian to houtian.

As soon as the Hongmeng Tree transformed, it was even more mysterious than the World Tree. It floated in the dimensional dimension sphere, only three feet tall. It was much smaller than the World Tree that had taken root in countless space-time planes. But it was precisely because it was small that it was so fierce. Its strength had been compressed to the extreme.

This Hongmeng Tree looked small, but its branches and leaves were lush. Each leaf was a giant world with layers upon layers of space-time fused into it.

All the masters of the Calming Celestial Division lived within. Even the dimensional dimension sphere, Common People's Will, began to collapse and fuse with the Hongmeng Tree. The dimensional dimension evolved once more.

"This is useless."

Gu Tiansha laughed. With a flick of his finger, a giant palm condensed in the air. This time, it wasn't the power of the sun and moon, but another inexplicable power. It seemed to contain the aura of Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian, as well as the aura of the Heavenly Dao.

"Do you think that I can only use the power of the sun and moon?

The truth is that my true body is an existence born from the fusion of Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Dao. I am a unique existence. To me, the Sun-Moon Lord is nothing more than a minor status.

I have the power of the Heavenly Dao within me, as well as the bloodline of Gu Taxian. Sever for me! "

This giant hand directly grabbed the Hongmeng Tree, suppressing the strands of grandmist energy that seeped out from within. Then, the other hand grabbed at the seated Gu Chensha, lifting and sucking. When this hand was activated, no one could escape.