Chapter 391
===========

Gu Chensha was extremely quick and in just a short while, he arrived above the ocean. He stood high up in the sky and looked down at the entire Baoyu Country.

Dao Realm Transformation 15, Heaven Eye Hanging Sky, allowed one to use one's soul to reach the sky and observe everything within a thousand miles. Even small animals in the soil couldn't escape the detection of one's soul, much less the treasures deep underground.

When a normal cultivator's soul power reached Heaven Eye Hanging Sky, their soul power would only be able to do around six thousand things at once.

Even if they had a fortuitous encounter and broke through the restrictions, they would only be able to do ten thousand things at once.

Now, Gu Chensha was at Dao Realm Transformation 19, Size Manipulation. His soul power was able to do a million things at once. With such a realm, there was nothing stopping him from looking at the mountains and rivers.

Casually looking around, the situation of the entire continent on the sea of Precious Jade Nation appeared in his Sea of Consciousness. The number of cities, the number of commoners, the number of households, what those people were doing, and how everyone was feeling, whether they were happy, angry, sad, or happy, Gu Chensha could sense everything. Normal emotions could be seen with the Energy Observation Technique.

When people were happy, they would feel refreshed. When one looked at their soul, they would see that it was red like flames.

When people were angry, they would feel violent. When one looked at their soul, they would see that it was black like they were possessed by a demon.

When people were sad, they would feel dispirited. When one looked at their soul, they would see that it was grey like a withered autumn leaf. All of these could be sensed by cultivators.

When a smart cultivator looked at a place, a state, or even a country, they could see the mood of the commoners and from there, reflect the fate of the country. All in all, the fate of the country was closely related to the mood of the commoners.

Gu Chensha observed the overall situation of the Precious Jade Nation and found that the people of the nation were all very happy. The entire continent appeared to be thriving, and it could be said that it was a flourishing era.

Ever since the Yongchō recruited the Baoyu Nation, the entire nation was under the control of the Calming Immortal Department. The Cold Jade Dew also held great power and carried out a series of reforms. They raised the price of jade, sealed off the surrounding seas, and forbade private mining of jade. At the same time, they cracked down on the tyrants who hoarded jade in the nation. All the mining rights were given to the government. After the raw jade was mined, it would be transported to the Calming Immortal Department for processing and refining before being sold to the various aristocratic families.

In addition, the Celestial Tranquility Department also built the Star Shark Battleship, which was used to transport resources across the sea. It continuously transported jade stones to the central land of the Divine Prefecture, and some daily necessities back. As a result, the lives of the people of Baoyu Nation became richer and more prosperous.

Originally, Baoyu Country was already extremely wealthy and populous. Now, it was flourishing like fire with experts emerging in large numbers. They were all recruited by the Frosty Jade Dew to replenish the talents of the Celestial Tranquility Department. The Precious Jade Nation had become the back garden of the Tranquil Immortal Department.

This time, Zhuge Ya had asked Gu Chensha to come here mainly to talk to the Xing Qiong Clan's head. Another reason was to observe the current situation of the Precious Jade Nation. This was to prevent any hidden forces from infiltrating the nation.

The Frosty Jade Dew was in control of the Precious Jade Continent, but her cultivation was too weak and she wasn't able to control the situation.

The Frosty Jade Dew was at the Dao Realm Thirteen Transformation, Demon Swallowing Ghost Eater, the same as Long Yuyun. Actually, this cultivation was not bad. In the Celestial Path Xuan Sect, she was an elite seed and had a high status.

But Baoyu Country's strategic position was too important and there were too many experts spying on it. Even if they sent a Dao Realm Twenty Transformation, Gathering and Dispersing, it wouldn't be too much.

The Celestial Tranquility Department still lacked experts. Liu Yu and the other four were fighting in the Demon Region and were at the Dao Realm Nineteen Transformation, Small Manipulation. Soon, they would reach the Twenty Transformation, Gathering and Dispersing. Apart from that, Long Zaifei and Lou Huaiyue had reached this realm too.

At this moment, it was already the second half of the twenty-second year and it was about to reach the twenty-third year. Time passed really quickly.

Gu Chensha went into secluded meditation for a few months. Half a year passed and it was now the twenty-third year.

It was now the twenty-third year of the Heavenly Talisman. One more year would be the twenty-fourth year of the Heavenly Talisman. Ten years had passed since he received the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. These ten years seemed like a blink of an eye. But the people in the world had changed. Gu Chensha thought back to his experiences in the past nine years and felt like it was all a dream. He seemed to have comprehended some sort of Time Flow Mysteries.

It wasn't hard for him to condense his current cultivation into Spiritual Power. Moreover, his bloodline had shattered the Gou Chen Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise bloodlines. He had the Xiantian Five Element Saint Beast Energy, so he didn't face any obstacles in cultivating the Five Element Transformation. Pretty much the moment he formed Spiritual Power, he could absorb the power of the five elements and convert them to reach the peak.

Then, the twenty-second transformation, Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth, wasn't difficult at all for him.

Only the twenty-third transformation, Past Reflection, required one to comprehend the changes of time in the human world. But during these few days, Gu Chensha seemed to have obtained many secrets.

There was a lot of knowledge in his sea of knowledge, and he had already digested all of it. The ancient Lord of Seven Star Jiang Gongwang's memory fragments, as well as many ancient demon race sages' memory fragments, and the Gouchen's memory fragments had all been digested and turned into resources. In addition, he had killed the Skull Black Devil Emperor and obtained even more of the Maha Suppression Scripture.

He had roughly collected 10% of the Maha Suppression Scripture and his understanding of the Demon Path had deepened.

Previously, the Skull Ash Devil Monarch said that he knew at least 30% of the contents of the Maha Suppression Scripture. Only now did Gu Chensha know that the Skull Ash Devil Monarch was bragging. The Skull Ash Devil Monarch's memories were ten times more than his, but it was still only 10%. From this, one could see how vast the contents of the Maha Suppression Scripture were.

Gu Chensha pondered over various martial arts while activating his Heavenly Eye to observe the various states of the Jadeite Continent, the circulation of the vicissitudes of life, and the secrets of light. Pretty much all the strong auras in the continent couldn't escape his eyes.

On the other hand, he could clearly sense people who had reached the Dao Realm in his sea of consciousness. In fact, he could even tell exactly what their cultivation bases were.

With his current observation skills, even the Dao Realm 22 Transformations Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth couldn't hide from him.

Unless it was the twenty-third transformation, Past Reflection, where the frequency of the magic power was one with the flow of time, it would be like the dust of history.

"Oh? A Golden Core expert! "

Gu Chensha suddenly realized that there was a Golden Core aura in the depths of the Precious Jade Nation's imperial palace. It was obviously not one of his people.

"Is that where Prince Yu Huang is?" Gu Chensha frowned. "Does he have other intentions?"

The number of Golden Core experts in the Tranquil Immortal Department was also limited. Other than the three department heads, Zhuge Ya, Liu Yu and the other four, Long Zaifei, Lou Huaiyue, and Yi Zheng, there were no true core Golden Core experts. None of them were stationed in the Precious Jade Nation.

There were many spies in the Precious Jade Nation. As long as a strong cultivator appeared, they would immediately report to the Calm Deity Department. It was strange that Gu Chensha was hiding in the Prince's Mansion of the Precious Jade Nation.

Prince Yu Huang of the Precious Jade Nation used to be the Crown Prince, but after he was recruited, he was demoted to a prince. He was the leader of the henchmen in the small imperial court of the Precious Jade Nation. He was supported by the Taiyi Fantasy Sect. However, the young master of the Taiyi Fantasy Sect, Tai Mang Di, lost the bet with Gu Chensha, and the Precious Jade Nation became a province of the Yongchō.

As a result, Yu Huang had to retire and become a wealthy idler. The power of the entire Precious Jade Nation fell into the hands of the Jade Frost Dew.

Additionally, the Jade Frost Dew assigned people to monitor his movements and daily life in case of disrupting the overall situation of the Precious Jade Nation. Additionally, many ministers who resisted the recruitment had also retired and were monitored secretly.

Of course, the Frosty Jade Dew did not settle accounts. The trial policy was to increase their wealth and feign their power. This was to give them wealth, but no power. This was considered an extremely generous and benevolent act in the political struggles of the past dynasties.

"What the hell is going on?"

Gu Chensha focused his attention and looked at the prince's mansion. "Could it be that the prince's ambition is undying?"

He was using the Sun and Moon Simultaneous Brilliance Skill. With the sun and the moon hanging in the sky, nothing could be hidden from them.

Immediately, all the secrets of the Prince's Mansion, including the underground secret rooms, appeared in his mind sea.

As expected, hundreds of meters under the ground of the Prince's Mansion seemed to have been hollowed out, revealing a huge secret room which covered a few miles. The formation in the room seemed to have a magical function of concealment. However, these concealments could not be hidden from Gu Chensha's eyes and ears. A few powerful auras were entrenched in the depths of the ground. There were seven or eight of them.

Just now, one of the Golden Core experts had accidentally cultivated some martial arts and leaked a bit of his aura. As a result, it was seen by Gu Chensha.

"So many experts …" After seeing this, Gu Chensha was still shocked because he found that in this secret room, the lowest level was a Golden Core, and there were a few who had cultivated magic power. There was also an aura that seemed to be even stronger than that of the Skeleton Demon Emperor. He could only faintly feel that aura, but he couldn't see who it was at all.

This group of people entrenched in the Prince's Mansion was even bigger than the Skeleton Demon Emperor's group. Who were they? Immortal Dao? Great Wei Dynasty? Demon Race? Barbarian Race?

Of course, it shouldn't be the Demon Race. The Demon Race would not cooperate with humans, and humans would not be stupid enough to cooperate with the Demon Race. Since ancient times, the evil experts who cooperated with the Demon Race would be devoured by the Demon Race.

Gu Chensha concealed his aura and hid his body. He turned into dust and entered the depths of the Prince's Mansion. The moment he came into contact with the formation, he used the Sun and Moon Sky Technique and entered the formation without causing the slightest disturbance.

Sun Moon Emptiness was the true emptiness. It could enter any formation. Combined with the realm of Size Manipulation, it could turn one's body into dust. It was a perfect combination.