Chapter 155
===========

"The flesh and bones of a fallen god?"

Gu Chensha's heart jumped. He was someone who benefited greatly. He obtained the evil god's flesh and blood from Gu Hengsha's residence. There were three barrels of Heaven Dew and now there were only two left.

This piece of flesh and blood allowed him to improve by leaps and bounds. If not for the Heaven Dew, how would the King Dragon Armor and Demon Descending Blade have reached such a stage?

As for the bones of a god, they were even more extraordinary. For example, the The Great Spirit God Ring was a finger bone that The Great Spirit God left in the human world. Not only did it form its own space, but it also had many abilities.

If he could obtain more god's flesh and blood, he could use other methods to merge and refine it, causing his Sun Moon Dragon Body to instantly reach large success. He could stabilize his foundations and break through to Dao Realm Transformation Four or even Five. He could even step into Xiantian Energy.

The god's flesh and blood was really strong and normal experts couldn't refine it. But he had the Sun Moon Altar and could summon the Sun Moon Dragon Flame to suppress the evil god's flesh and blood. The evil god's flesh and blood was only a thousandth of its strength when it was at its peak.

"Right, this place is covered in fog and there are thousands of mountains. Even if someone at Dao Realm Transformation Ten enters, they won't be able to find their way out. But my Great Massacre God Technique can see through all obstacles, even the twisting of space and time." Lou Baiyue said.

"Then, why did you call me over? My cultivation is low and I can't help much in such a dangerous place. "Gu Chensha was confused.

"Your cultivation isn't low."

Lou Baiyue smiled, "At least, with your sword and armor, even Dao Realm Transformation Nine and Ten might not be able to block you.

You also have many hidden methods. How can someone who can steal treasures from the Chaotic World Demon Ape God Temple be ordinary? " "I am definitely not your match now." Gu Chensha smiled bitterly.

"Of course, but this has nothing to do with me. It's all because of the wonders of Your Majesty's Great Slaughtering God Technique and Great Devouring God Technique."

Lou Baiyue stretched out her hand. "Also, you have to be careful. The fog here is highly toxic and has a demonic nature. The space here is also a little distorted. If we take a wrong step, we might fall into it and never come out again. So, you have to be careful. Of course, there are many benefits to this place. You'll find out later. " Ka-cha Ka-cha!

Just as Lou Baiyue was speaking, Gu Chensha felt the ground beneath his feet suddenly collapse. Many skeletons rushed in, and there was a suction force trying to suck him into the ground. He quickly activated the King Dragon Armor and flew up.

However, a skeletal hand stretched out from the collapsed area and grabbed at an extremely fast speed, pulling Gu Chensha's leg down. Gu Chensha flew upwards and saw a skeleton being brought out.

The skeleton's body was as white as jade and it was as tough as steel. When it moved, it was really strong. Although it couldn't break his King Dragon Armor, it felt like its strength was comparable to the Nine Bulls and Two Tigers Realm.

"God Slaughtering Energy, seal!" At that moment, Lou Baiyue attacked. She waved her hand and dense black energy landed on the skeleton's body.

Instantly, the jade-like skeleton was covered with dense black magical symbols. In the blink of an eye, the skeleton became obedient, and its head drooped. Unexpectedly, it had become Lou Baiyue's puppet.

"What is this thing?"

Gu Chensha looked at the skeleton and used his fingers to tap it. It actually gave out a sound that was even deeper than steel. It was really firm and was on the same level as a Dao Realm Transformation Three expert. He recalled the books that he had read, "Is this the bone demon of the demon path?"

"Right, this is a bone demon. This is a low-grade white skeleton but it is really strong. Its bones are no weaker than a Dao Realm Transformation Three expert's. However, its combat strength is really low and it doesn't have much intelligence. A few Martial Path Grandmasters would be able to capture it with traps. This thing is born from evil energy but I can use Xiantian Energy to subdue it and turn it into a puppet. It can't fight but it won't feel tired when it works. When it doesn't move, it can be placed in the Spirit Gathering Formation to accumulate power."

Lou Baiyue smiled as she looked at the skeleton, "This is a good thing. Once I return, I will give it the Horned Flood Dragon Armor. No one will be able to tell."

"This skeleton is really good at work. After it is subdued, it will be able to work until it dies." Gu Chensha knew why Lou Baiyue came here. Indeed, if he subdued this skeleton, he would be able to mine, cut down trees, and build things.

"But, I don't have the ability to subdue this skeleton."

Gu Chensha frowned, "Your God Slaughtering Energy can totally subdue this skeleton. You can do that alone, so what do you want me to do here?" "Don't you think that you are really attractive to this skeleton?"

Lou Baiyue said with a faint smile, "Actually, I don't know what kind of martial arts you've cultivated, or maybe you've activated the bloodline of god. You have treasures all over your body. If I'm not wrong, if someone eats a piece of your flesh, they can prolong their life and become immortal. You have to be careful. " "How did you see that?"

Gu Chensha was shocked. He had some achievements in the Sun and Moon Transformations and was quite experienced. Many people would not be able to see through him when he converged his aura and circulated the transformations. However, he soon understood. It was not strange for the Great God Slaughtering Technique to be so special, "But you are using me as bait?"

"Of course, you are bait. You can attract many skeletons. These white skeletons are not strong enough. The truly strong ones are the silver skeletons, golden skeletons, purple jade skeletons, and even the thousand-year bone demon." Lou Baiyue said, "This place has become the burial ground of evil. After I subdue the skeleton, I will give you half of it. " "So generous?" Gu Chensha nodded, "Then how do I attract the skeleton?" "The place we are at now is the edge of the burial ground."

Lou Baiyue said, "We cannot go any deeper. If we go deeper and meet the thousand-year bone demon, we will both die here.

Also, if we go deeper, time and space will warp. No one knows what will happen. It is very easy for you to attract the skeletons. Just activate your qi and blood here, releasing the aura of fresh flesh and blood. The skeletons will be attracted and come to eat you. " "I am indeed the best bait." Gu Chensha knew himself very well.

He circulated the Dragon Nurturing Technique and activated his qi and blood. Instantly, traces of aura spread out, like fresh flesh in the sea. The smell of blood spread out, attracting countless sharks and bloodthirsty sea beasts.

"Wonderful."

Lou Baiyue's face lit up. "If I release my qi and blood, the aura of the Great God Slaughtering Technique will not only attract the skeletons, they will also hide far away. Only you are the most suitable. The others are not strong enough. More importantly, your King Dragon Armor can protect you. When the time comes, you will be able to help me." Rumble, rumble!

Many skeletons on the ground let out sounds like waves, as if something was drilling in and out of the ground.

It was unknown how deep the skeletons on the ground were, but they were piled up like a mountain. There were skeletons thousands of zhang underground, maybe even thousands of zhang underground. There were terrifying things hidden underground. Bang!

The skeletons in the distance were pushed away, and a few more skeletons felt the strong and tempting qi and blood. They made a sound like metal rubbing against each other and pounced towards Gu Chensha.

Seeing this, Lou Baiyue waved her hands, and the God Slaughtering Technique was released from her body. It filled the area and turned into a huge net, covering the sky and covering the earth. In an instant, the skeletons were all imprinted with talismans. The skeletons immediately became her own people.

Gu Chensha knew that this was a refining technique that used innate qi to transform into talismans and seep into objects. It consumed a lot of one's own qi.

Even with Yi Ming's realm, it would take him a few days to gradually subdue the skeletons. This was because condensing the talismans with qi would consume almost all the energy in his body.

However, Lou Baiyue's every movement was carefree and at ease, as if it was as simple as eating and drinking. Just based on the density of innate qi, perhaps even Fa Wuxian could not compare to Lou Baiyue.

"Could it be that your Innate Gang Energy is truly endless?"

Gu Chensha was shocked, "Just now, you used up as much energy as dozens of Dao Realm Transformation Seven experts."

"I've said it before, after mastering the Art of Divine Slaughter and Art of Divine Devouring, the Innate Gang Qi will be endless and endless. This is the most terrifying thing about His Majesty. No martial art, not even the strongest ancient martial art, the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art, can reach this level. This is also why His Majesty was able to surpass countless ancient emperors, dominate the world, seal the gods, and sweep across the Three Realms," Lou Baiyue said.

"No wonder your Great God Slaughtering Technique can have endless amounts of innate qi. You are like a fish in water here. No matter how many skeletons there are, you can subdue them. "Gu Chensha was really envious.

"Unfortunately, my cultivation is still too shallow and I can't head deep in. If I can reach Dao Realm Transformation 13, I will be able to head deep in and swallow some ghosts to strengthen my mind." Lou Baiyue shook her head.

A total of five skeletons were subdued by her. They stood beside her like cheetahs in hiding, ready to attack at any moment.

The five skeletons were all white skeletons, but after Lou Baiyue's runes, not only were their bodies stronger than before, but their auras also became sharper and their intellect increased. One could see just how amazing the Great God Slaughtering Technique's energy was. These five skeletons were now comparable to Dao Realm Transformation One experts.

Gu Chensha continued to activate his aura and spread it out. In just a short while, more skeletons came over. Just like fishing, Lou Baiyue subdued a total of 30 skeletons in four hours.

"Boss cultivated a demonic technique and killed many lives to refine some Xuan Demon Iron Corpses. But how can they be as strong as the skeletons in this burial ground? In just a short while, the puppets I obtained far exceed what Boss accumulated in 20 years." Lou Baiyue said.

Crown Prince Gu Hengsha cultivated a demonic technique and killed people to suck their blood. His son Gu Tanjian wasn't a nice person either. The last time Gu Chensha met him, he saw that his troops were all Xuan Demon Iron Corpses and they weren't living beings.

"These 30 skeletons can clear out a few hundred miles of forest. The main thing is that they aren't afraid of miasma and poisonous bugs."

Gu Chensha was thinking about it. There were many places in his land that he hadn't developed yet. If he obtained these skeletons, it would be great for him.

He relied on barbarian race slaves to develop the forest. Their bodies were made of flesh and blood, so it was really slow.