Chapter 127
===========

"The light of the sun and moon, the light of all laws, Xiantian Dao, Yin and Yang grow …" Gu Chensha started to cultivate once more. Every day, he practiced martial arts, refined the three treasures, consumed large amounts of dew, and read large amounts of books to deduce the Clumsy Fist. Just like that, a month passed.

The sun hung high in the sky and the weather started to heat up. Spring had come to an end and summer was about to arrive.

"King, King." On this day, he was woken up by someone. It was Three Incense Sticks who called out to him. Pili Pala!

He stood up and stretched out his muscles and bones. The air around him exploded and thunder roared. The energy currents spun and it was really shocking.

"My cultivation has improved."

Gu Chensha was very satisfied. Although this month of secluded meditation didn't allow him to break through to the third transformation of the Dao Realm with copper skin and iron bones, his knowledge of martial arts theories had improved. The spiritual energy in his body slowly seeped into the depths of his diaphragm. Breaking through to the third transformation was just a matter of time.

Apart from that, the Demon Descending Blade and Great Dragon Armor had many changes. Although they didn't transform, they were 40-50% stronger than before. Of course, the biggest change was still the Xuanwu egg.

The stone layer on the egg fell off and started to soften. A jade-like quality appeared and the egg actually started to grow. Compared to before, it was around a third bigger. One could see that in the depths of the egg, there was a tortoise-like Xuanwu baby with dragons and snakes wrapped around it.

The aura that the Xuanwu baby gave off shocked all around and spread out. Even the walls of the giant castle started to crystallize. If this went on, the entire castle would have a jade-like feeling. This was the Xuanwu God Power. Xuanwu was a God Beast and was one of the four beasts.

During these few days, Gu Chensha hatched the Xuanwu egg and used it to sense the Xuanwu Ocean formation. He had a deep understanding of the nine treasures.

The nine treasures absorbed the Xuanwu baby's aura and affected the Fengshui of the entire castle. It caused the Fengshui flow to speed up and the Spirit Gathering ability to increase by at least nine times. That way, the Xuanwu egg would be able to obtain more spiritual energy. They complemented one another and the castle came to life.

"Enter." Gu Chensha gathered his thoughts and let San Xiang enter the study. "What's the matter?"

"Your Highness, the weather is getting warmer. The entire fief is filled with mosquitoes, scorpions, and centipedes. The barbarian slaves are starting to die, and the number of businesses has decreased greatly. Right now, everyone is having a meeting to discuss, so I came to ask for Your Highness' opinion." Meixiang said.

"Come, bring me down."

Gu Chensha suddenly remembered that the environment in the Wildlands was extremely harsh. As soon as the weather got a little warmer, all kinds of mosquitoes would fly around. The ground was also filled with centipedes, scorpions, and many other unknown poisonous insects. However, he had been cultivating in the castle for the past few days and had forgotten about it.

With that, he walked down and headed for the council hall in the castle. Along the way, he found that the ground was dry and clean. There were no insects or mosquitoes flying in the sky. He couldn't help but be puzzled.

"There are no snakes, insects, rats, or ants in the castle. I don't know why, but not a single poisonous insect dares to come within a hundred feet of the castle," San Xiang said.

"So that's how it is. No wonder I feel so safe. It must be the aura of the Black Tortoise. Why would any poisonous insect dare to come near?"

Gu Chensha already knew what was going on. He quickly stepped into the hall and saw Shi Zhongchan, Shi Tietie, Yi Ming, and his adopted son. There was also a thirteen or fourteen-year-old boy and two sixteen or seventeen-year-old girls. This man and two women were none other than Long Yuyun's younger siblings. The boy was called Long Zaifei, and the two girls were called Long Yuxia and Long Yuhong. When they saw Gu Chensha walk in, they hurriedly knelt down. "Greetings, Benefactor." "Get up," Gu Chensha said. "From now on, you and I are a family. There's no need to be so distant."

He looked at Long Zaifei, who was brimming with vitality and emitted a vast, ocean-like aura. He had actually cultivated to the first transformation of the Dao Realm, and was now fasting. Gu Chensha turned pale with fright. "Long Zaifei, you've cultivated to the Dao Realm?"

"Benefactor, my Master taught me many things and I did break through recently. Master said that I activated the Ocean God and Dragon God bloodlines."

Long Zaifei stood up respectfully. He already knew that it was the prince in front of him who had rescued him from the devil's clutches. The entire Dragonsword Island had submitted to Monarch Chen, and he had also taken Yi Ming as his master.

"Master, Long Zaifei is indeed a top talent."

Yi Ming said, "I fed him some dew and used Xiantian Earth Energy to open up his meridians. I taught him fist techniques and he was actually able to activate the God Bloodline in his body. In just a month, he successfully broke through to the Dao Realm." "Very good."

Gu Chensha recalled what he had said to Shi Zhongchan a month ago. A person's aptitude was divided into the Foolish Man, the Moderately Talented, the Average Talent, the Superior Talent, the Genius, the Unparalleled Talent, the Innate Saint, and the Son of Destiny. Long Zaifei was actually a top talent, which was really rare.

Thinking about himself, he cultivated tirelessly and comprehended many truths. He obtained the Dragon Transformation Liquid from the Chaotic World Demon Ape God Temple before comprehending the Dao Realm. Long Zaifei had no obstacles at all and broke through layer by layer. This was the difference in talent.

As for the other two girls, Long Yuxia and Long Yuhong, they were a bit weaker, but they were also grandmasters with extremely strong cultivations.

"Master, there are many snakes, insects, and rats in the fief. There aren't any in the castle, but they are everywhere in the market outside. We bought large amounts of medicine and killed batch after batch, but more came out of the forest. Especially at night, when the mosquitoes see the lights, they cover the sky." The little foster son said, "We have to think of a way." "Come, let's go take a look."

Gu Chensha exited the castle. As expected, there were many strange insects crawling about on the ground a few dozen zhang away from the castle. Not to mention the bushes, there were many colorful venomous snakes, spiders, martial arts, and countless scorpions. In the market not far away, some caravans had retreated. This was because many people slept at night, and their beds might be filled with snakes and insects.

There were many soldiers in horned dragon armor who scattered medicine, but there were too many venomous insects and they couldn't get rid of them all. This was how it was during the summer in the wilderness and only the barbarian race could live here.

This was because the barbarian race believed in the evil god and would hold a huge ceremony each summer. They would kill numerous beasts to worship the evil god and the entire tribe would be covered by the evil god's power. Snakes, insects, rats, and rats wouldn't dare to invade them.

"Brother, what do you think?"

Gu Chensha covered his body with the Great Dragon Armor. The others also wore horned dragon armor to prevent the venomous insects from touching them.

Some of the venomous insects were really small and couldn't be seen with the naked eye. They drilled into one's flesh to suck blood and spread poison, causing many people to die silently. Even grandmasters were no exception. There were some strong venomous insects that even Dao Realm Transformation Three experts couldn't block as they would enter their organs. Only Dao Realm Transformation Four experts would be able to survive in the forest.

"Wild Forest is endless and humid. Once it is summer, mosquitoes will cover the land and it is tough to survive. This is also why no one has settled here since ancient times."

Shi Zhongchan said, "There are ways to solve this problem. The first is to chop down the surrounding trees, everything within a few hundred miles and burn it to the ground.

But there are thousands of miles from the border to here. Although the road has been repaired, when summer comes, the forests on both sides won't be able to be leveled. Merchants won't be able to reach here and that will be problematic. " "What else?" Gu Chensha frowned.

"Also, there are demon techniques."

Shi Zhongchan pointed to the surroundings. He dug a large pond in the forest and used a medicinal spell formation to gather it. The poisonous insects would continuously gather in the pond, and under the use of incantations and demonic arts, they would devour each other. After a long time, they would become extremely powerful poisonous insects, the king of all insects. Wherever they went, the insects would retreat. Moreover, the Bug King is really strong and can transform. "

"I don't know this technique." Gu Chensha said, "Moreover, it won't be something that can be cultivated in a day." "That's true. It will take at least sixty years to cultivate this technique," Shi Zhongchan said.

"However, I recently recruited a sect in the Wild Forest called the Gu Poison Sect. They have been refining insects in the Wild Forest for generations. If Your Highness allows it, I will …" "The Gu Poison Sect?

Is that an evil sect? "Gu Chensha frowned." Even the laws of the imperial court forbid them. "" Although the Gu Poison Sect is an evil sect, this branch has never harmed anyone.

"Although the Gu Poison Sect is an unorthodox sect, this branch has never harmed or harmed people. Instead, they use their Gu arts to treat illnesses and save people. However, they are still considered to be an unorthodox sect. A few days ago, their disciple went to the borders to open a medical clinic, but he was thought to be an unorthodox sect by a few immortal dao disciples. They chased after him all the way. I couldn't bear to see that happen, so I saved him. Now, they have nowhere else to go. The immortal dao disciples are chasing after them everywhere. If Your Highness can protect them, they will definitely do something," said Shi Zhongchan.

"Really?"

Gu Chensha didn't believe it. Since ancient times, the art of venomous insects had been very evil. Even if the imperial court encountered them, they would kill them regardless of whether they had done evil or not. Now that Shi Zhongchan wanted him to recruit people from the Gu Poison Sect, he felt a little nervous.

"Can't Your Highness see through good and evil?

Even if it's a venomous technique, if used well, it can be a good doctor and medicine. In the Celestial Designer Institute, the emperor even opened a special poison institute to research all kinds of poisons and to cure people. "Shi Zhongchan smiled.

"If they really haven't harmed anyone, then there's no harm in punishing evil and promoting good," Gu Chensha said. "May I ask where the people from this sect are?"