Chapter 440
===========

"Hahahaha …" Wu Dangkong laughed and looked at Dou Nineteen mockingly. "Dou Nineteen, you're too naive. You want me to take such a huge risk just for such a small benefit? Do you think the three Heavenly Sovereigns can scare me? " "The ignorant are fearless."

Dou Nineteen sneered. "You don't know how terrifying the three Heavenly Sovereigns are. To be honest, even a few of my father's outstanding disciples and senior brothers could wipe out your Wu Clan."

"You can't even look after yourselves. I already know that Xing Qiongshi has appeared and broken the seal. He'll soon regain his strength, and he's even more terrifying than before. He's comprehended the boundless mysteries of tribulations. What are you going to do now?" Wu Dangkong didn't care about Dou Nineteen's threat.

"You've seen Xing Qiongshi?" Dou Nineteen's expression changed.

"Of course."

Wu Dangkong waved his hand slightly, and a murderous aura condensed. Faint ghostly wails could be heard from within.

"Xing Qiongshi's Witchcraft Curse Devouring Technique?" Dou Nineteen's expression grew uglier.

"So, Dou Nineteen, don't think that I have the Wu Clan behind me."

Wu Dang Kong smiled proudly: "Furthermore, our Wu Clan still has a lot of resources. You won't be able to understand the true core profoundness of them. Actually, for so many years, although the Mystical Immortal Dao Sect respects the three Heavenly Sovereigns as their leaders, in reality, many people hate them to the bone. Let's not talk about anything else. Just look at how many female disciples of the Mystical Immortal Dao Sect have been harmed by you, Dou Nineteen?

Even after being exposed, those sect masters didn't dare to punish you because you're Heavenly Sovereign Victorious's son! But this resentment has already accumulated.

I dare say that at least half of the sect masters in the Profound Immortal Dao Sects want you dead! "

Dou Nineteen's eyes flashed with killing intent. "Those who submit to me prosper, and those who oppose me perish. These people are tired of living. Instead of enjoying the good years of immortals, they dare to challenge the authority of the three Heavenly Sovereigns.

It looks like the Taiyi Mystic Sect, the Cosmos Mystic Sect, and the Sky Dance Mystic Sect are close to the Calming Immortal Department. " "I'm afraid you can't do that with your strength. How about it? Dou Nineteen, you've shown that I have the right to negotiate with you. "

Wu Dangkong said, "I have the Xing Qiong Clan behind me, and I even have the support of the Wu Clan. I've also contacted many other factions. If you want to cooperate with me, then you have to show enough sincerity. Actually, I'll tell you the truth. I won't join any faction. If I'm willing, I can join Gu Taxian wholeheartedly. Wouldn't I be more powerful than the three great Heavenly Venerables?" "How do you want to cooperate?" Dou Nineteen knew that he probably couldn't deal with Wu Dangkong.

"It's very simple. Bring out your magic treasures and various treasures to support our Clearsky Trade Association's development."

Wu Dangkong said, "Let's work together for the time being to suppress the business of the Celestial Pacification Department among the people. I've never worked with you before, so I don't know what your character is like.

You have to cooperate step by step with mutual benefit. Only then can you build trust. In any case, your character in the Immortal Dao Profound Sect is very bad. I have to be careful. "

"No one has ever dared to say something like that in front of me." Dou Nineteen was filled with killing intent.

"What? You want to fight me? Do you really think the three great Heavenly Venerables can protect you? "

Wu Dangkong said, "As long as I divulge a little information to the Xing Qiong Clan, how many pieces do you think you'll be torn into? Or will you wish you were dead? " "Good, very good."

Dou Nineteen also knew that the situation was grim. The Xing Qiong Clan had come out, and the three great Heavenly Venerables he hated the most might really kill him. "It seems like I have to change my way of thinking.

I will definitely cooperate with you. In a while, I will send my subordinates over to negotiate with your Clearsky Trade Association. How about we first set up a joint trade association in the Precious Jade Nation?

I know that the Precious Jade Nation is completely controlled by the Celestial Pacification Department, and all the jade resources are monopolized. This is a huge piece of juicy meat. Your Clearsky Trade Association won't be able to interfere, right? " "Do you have a way?" Wu Dangkong's eyes lit up.

"Naturally," Dou Nineteen said. "Our first step of cooperation will start in the Precious Jade Nation." The two of them discussed for a while, and then Dou Nineteen left again.

Wu Dangkong watched as Dou Nineteen left, and a sneer appeared on his face. "This person is cunning, and definitely not trustworthy. However, I can use someone else to do my dirty work. However, this is an extremely dangerous blade, and it can easily hurt myself. If I hadn't used the Xing Qiong Clan to scare him, I'm afraid he would have attacked me again. "

Gu Chensha heard this, and this was within his expectations. Wu Dangkong and Dou Nineteen's cooperation was like asking a tiger for its skin, and it definitely wouldn't last long.

Wu Dangkong coveted the treasures on Dou Nineteen, and Dou Nineteen coveted the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree. He left, still following Dou Nineteen.

After Dou Nineteen left, he didn't fly in the Divine Continent, but instead headed northwest. He was actually heading toward the desert.

"Could it be that he's going to find Jing Qiu?" Gu Chensha thought.

Just like that, they flew into the depths of the desert. As they advanced, they passed through the boundless desert, and finally arrived at the territory of the Holy Sama Empire.

This was like revisiting an old place, and Gu Chensha discovered that the Sama Empire's oases had expanded a lot. Deep in the desert, many rivers had been dug. These were man-made rivers, and the riverbeds were made of large stones mixed with rubber, which were very sturdy. This was also the construction method of the Sama Empire.

Prosperity, strong troops, united hearts, and united hearts. They all believed in Jing Qiu as their god, and the only god at that.

Gu Chensha knew that in the desert, this kind of state, where politics and religion were united, where divine power was supreme, was more explosive and cohesive than a structure where the people were enlightened. The environment in the desert was harsh, and people had to be united to anesthetize them.

However, as the empire expanded, it would eventually become like the Great Yongchō. Otherwise, the country wouldn't be able to produce true experts.

However, this was something that would happen many years later. The Sama Empire was far from reaching its peak, and needed to transform.

Although the transformation of the empire was a key point, as long as the transformation was successful, it would rise to a whole new level.

After arriving in the Sama Empire, Dou Nineteen flew straight to the imperial city and landed in a mansion. In the mansion, Gu Chensha sensed Jing Fanxing's aura.

It seemed that Dou Nineteen was also looking for Jing Fanxing, but he didn't show himself. Instead, he was watching. At this time, Jing Fanxing was in front of an exotic table, writing at great speed.

His body was still very weak. He didn't have any skills, and he didn't even have the strength to truss a chicken. Fortunately, there were people waiting on him outside, and he was enjoying wealth. After all, Jing Qiu was the god of the Sama Empire.

"Jing Fanxing is writing his ideas for governing the country. He is also compiling a big book, using the language created by Jing Qiu of the Sama Empire."

When Gu Chensha saw what Jing Fanxing had written, he realized that he already had some experience in the elaboration of the way of governing a country. Although he was weak and had no strength at all, and even an ordinary warrior could kill him, in terms of recuperation, he had truly been reborn. Jing Qiu wanted Jing Fanxing to understand the divergent through governing the country.

Gu Chensha had originally thought that this was possible, but the more profound his cultivation became, the more he felt that it was child's play. It was impossible. If the divergent was so easy to understand, then there would be divergent everywhere. Jing Qiu had created such a huge empire, but he was still far from being a divergent.

The true divergent was Chang Weiyang, whom Gu Chensha had met, and Emperor Wu. They were truly earth-shattering figures.

Especially Emperor Wu, who had single-handedly unified the Divine Continent and established an unprecedentedly prosperous court. It wasn't strange for such a person to understand the way of the divergent. Even so, Emperor Wu hadn't truly understood the way of the divergent. He should have comprehended 90% of the divergent, and there was still 10% that hadn't changed. Other than that, Gu Chensha only saw that the Xing Qiong Clan was the divergent. It was still too early for Jing Qiu to understand the divergent.

As for Jing Fanxing, he had no hope at all. If nothing unexpected happened, he could only live for three more years.

"Jing Fanxing, you really treat yourself as a normal person." Dou Nineteen looked at him for a while and suddenly appeared.

"Who?"

Jing Fanxing stared blankly, frightened. He quickly breathed in and out a few times, unexpectedly too weak to even stand up to the wind. His blood surged.

"So weak. Is he still that top genius from Heaven and Earth Sect?" Dou Nineteen injected some essence energy into Jing Fanxing's body to stabilize him.

Originally, with Dou Nineteen's cultivation, a simple infusion of Vital Qi was enough to turn the weak fool into a martial arts grandmaster. It was not impossible for him to approach the Tao Realm. However, he felt that if he slightly strengthened Jing Fanxing's cultivation, Jing Fanxing would not be able to withstand it and die. His body was so weak that even he did not dare to act rashly.

"Too weak. You've been hit by Banish Deity."

Dou Nineteen sighed. "Coincidentally, Banish Deity is what I'm best at. I have many spirit medicines here and many setups that can help you recover first. But actually, the best way to recover is the sacrifice. Wu Dangkong's Heaven Sacrifice Talisman uses the power of the Heavenly Dao to help you recover, allowing your body to return to the state it was many years ago. Only the power of the Heavenly Dao can have such divine might. I can use the power of Time Reversal on you alone. "

"Dou Nineteen, why have you come to my empire?" A voice rang out. Another person appeared in the room. It was Jing Qiu.

"You've actually reached the 10,000 Techniques Return to One level."

Dou Nineteen was a little surprised. He could clearly see that Jing Qiu's cultivation had increased a lot. His aura was completely different. "Also, you're at the peak of 10,000 Techniques Return to One. You can reach the 27 Transformations at any time."