Chapter 1096
============

The Old and the New

"Ever since the universe merged, we Arcana Masters have been living in terrible conditions. Our Arcana Techniques are much weaker, and we have to be enslaved by others. Apart from that, we Arcana Masters are being hunted everywhere. I hope they won't find me. This person from the Tianfang Kingdom, that Young Master Tianfang, is probably someone with great power. He keeps capturing Arcana Masters to create a treasure. Damn it. "

The Arcana Master called Tang Chuan used an invisibility technique to hide in the bushes. He didn't move, afraid of being discovered.

In the past, the power of his Arcana Techniques would be dozens or even hundreds of times stronger. These enemies would be nothing to him. But now, his power was greatly suppressed, and it was difficult for him to defeat people much weaker than him. This was the end of Arcana Techniques, the shackles of the soul. But Tang Chuan wasn't willing to give up.

"We Arcanists can change the world and are not afraid of anything. The gods are our slaves, and the world is our children. We can defeat all kinds of power. All of our power comes from our hearts. As long as our hearts are not destroyed, we are invincible. Even the difficulties are temporary." The more difficult it was, the more determined Tang Chuan was as an Arcanist. He was unbreakable.

"These Arcana Masters are definitely heretics, but they are very useful to us. We can capture them as slaves and have them create all kinds of treasures. They will bear all the sins. That's not a bad idea. The young master wants us to capture nine trillion Arcana Masters and use their souls to refine a talisman. This talisman can attract the will of the old world and gain its favor. When that time comes, we can unify the old world and become a true overlord," a masked man said.

"These things are too far out of our reach. Our top priority right now is to hunt down this Arcana Master named Tang Chuan. He's like a rat, slithering in and out of place. If I catch him this time, I'll make sure he begs for death," another masked man said.

"Sure, but he's definitely invisible right now. I have a way to make him appear." Another masked man took out a mirror.

The mirror rose into the air, spilling out a silver light that covered everything. Then, it began to search. Bang! The Yuan Qi exploded, and Tang Chuan's invisibility was broken. Many people surrounded him.

"Tang Chuan, surrender."

A few of the masked men laughed wildly, "If you are stubborn, then we can only kill you and bring your soul back."

"Hahaha, after we Arcana Masters die, we return to nothingness. It's impossible for us to have a soul. Our hearts are great and can't be bound. Sooner or later, you useless chickens and stray dogs will become the lowest, lowest existences." Tang Chuan's noble head never lowered.

"Then kill!" These masked men attacked fiercely, countless killer moves bombarded over. In an instant, Tang Chuan's body was almost torn into pieces. He was about to die.

"I refuse to accept this. I refuse to believe that we Arcanists are mighty existences."

Tang Chuan's heart was filled with unwillingness. He didn't have any hatred, just a strong sense of unwillingness. Rumble!

Between Heaven and Earth, countless Profundities descended, and Tang Chuan's body began to transform fiercely. Crack! Crack! (If this chapter is not finished, please turn the page.) , "message": "Subscribed