Chapter 816
===========

The Demon Race once again gathered their offensive and defensive lines. Even the ancient Demon Race that had fallen in the river of history had appeared. Gu Chensha decided to personally attack and defeat the Demon Race's camp, using the ancient Demon Race to feed the Divine Land Gourd. The Divine Land Gourd was now in a very important period of transformation.

After devouring the nine Infinity Treasures and the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd, Gu Chensha had been refining the gourd day and night, drawing on the power of the Divine Land. Gradually, the treasure's power had reached a certain limit, but it still lacked the crucial step of brewing the power of the universe.

In fact, the current Divine Land Gourd was already a medium-class world, and it was the limit of a medium-class world. It was about to give birth to the power of the universe.

This was originally impossible, but Gu Chensha himself was an existence that could not appear. The Infinity Treasures had never appeared before. All the truths of the past had been overturned. Gu Chensha wanted to first refine the Divine Land Gourd into a world of the universe.

The essence of the Infinity Treasures contained the Origin of the Heaven Realm, and they possessed unfathomable power. Gu Chensha had now completely digested them. Together with the Three Ducal Eight Marquises and Fang Lin's eleven Infinity Treasures in the Hongmeng Tree, the Divine Land Gourd would have twenty Infinity Treasures.

It was not surprising that Gu Chensha had nurtured something that surpassed the primal chaos in the Divine Land Gourd.

Given time, he would definitely be able to create a treasure even more powerful than the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, the Primitive Dragon Gate, and the Hongmeng Tree.

Moreover, the Divine Land itself was extremely mysterious. In the future Emperor Of Heaven's era, the Divine Land would rise and become the Heavenly Court.

Gu Chensha's calculation of the Divine Land Grand Method and condensing the Divine Land Gourd was in fact to control the future Heavenly Court, and also a part of the Emperor Of Heaven's Dao. If the Emperor Of Heaven lost the Heavenly Court, he would not be the Emperor Of Heaven. One day, the Emperor Of Heaven would control the Divine Land. This was the iron truth and law.

The more powerful Gu Chensha cultivated the Divine Land Gourd, the more advantageous it would be for him to fight the Emperor Of Heaven for the Divine Land. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha's body disappeared. In the next moment, he arrived at the edge of the first layer of the Infernal domain.

At the entrance of the first and second layer of the Demon Domain, which was the most crucial point for the Demon Race's army, an incomparably huge fortress was built. It was also made of Nether Iron and Nether Jade, and it was reinforced with layers of Demon Formations.

Countless demons chanted incantations that could almost overturn the universe, drown the sun and moon, and devour the world.

In this vast Infernal domain, the number of the Infernal army was thousands of times more than the last time.

Last time, the Pygmy Death Emperor of the Pygmy Demon Race, the Demon Saint of the Demon Race, had taken the lead and contacted several tens of Demon Races. Now, the Demon Race was using the wills of many Ancient Demons that had been hiding in the depths of the Demon Race for tens of thousands of races.

Among them, there was no lack of Celestial Venerables, or even Heaven Longevity Realm Primordial Demons.

However, in Gu Chensha's view, none of these were existences that were difficult to defeat. It was not the first or second day that he had dealt with the pinnacle of the Heavenly Longevity Realm. When he was not at the god level, he had forced Immortal Master Wan to abandon the Minor Chiliocosm of the New Divine Prefecture. After he had ascended to the god level, he had even refined the number one savage of the Divine Prefecture, who had unparalleled combat strength in the Heavenly Longevity Realm, into the Divine Prefecture Gourd.

Later, he had entered the Primeval Dragon Gate and forced away two Heaven Longevity Realm experts, the Primeval Old Man and The Great Spirit God. Now, he was at the Saint realm.

In terms of battle prowess, in a one-on-one battle, there was no one in the world who was a match for him. Perhaps even Gu Tiansha, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, was no match for him. Only the Celestial Emperor or the Chosen One could stop Gu Tiansha's ferocious might. Thus, before he knew it, Gu Chensha had become the number one figure in the world.

He didn't care about the demon race's gathering. In truth, as long as the Emperor Heaven's Providence didn't rise to prominence, Gu Chensha was invincible.

He controlled the destiny of the Yongchō Nation of the Central Divine Land. He had gathered and refined the boundless power of sacrifices, making his Sacred Heart of Truth even more powerful than the Heart of Infinity. Given time, he would break through layer by layer with unstoppable momentum.

"Let's give these demons a good beating."

As Gu Chensha watched the massive demon stronghold fortify itself, he pondered what method he should use to destroy it.

This demon stronghold was formed from the combined power of billions upon trillions of demons. The will of many ancient demons formed a massive formation. It could be said that even a Heaven Longevity Realm expert wouldn't be able to break through this stronghold on their own. This was because it also contained countless layers of the demon realm's essence power.

But in Gu Chensha's view, this level of defense was full of loopholes. He only needed to use some transformation arts to burrow into it and he would be able to completely dismantle it.

Of course, this was something he had done in the past. He would rely on the wonders of his Heavenly Dao Magic to blend in, sow dissension, kill key figures, and shift the blame to the insiders. Then, he would either create chaos or steal important resources.

In the past, he had dealt with Wu Dangkong, the Wu Clan, the Alliance of Myriad Immortals, and the Barbarian Tribe Temple in the same way. But given his current status, he wouldn't use such methods to dismantle them.

"The strongest attack I've ever encountered was in the depths of the Primitive Dragon Gate. It was an attack from the Essence Will of the Primitive Dragon Gate. That lightning was called the Chiliocosm Primordial Dragon Lightning. The power of that lightning was equivalent to the explosion of a Great Thousand Worlds. It almost blew me up and destroyed me in both body and spirit. I couldn't even resurrect myself. Fortunately, I comprehended its mysteries and used the power of that lightning to cultivate into a Sage and condense my own Saint Heart of Truth. Later, I comprehended a lot of things and comprehended the essence of this lightning. I integrated everything I learned into one furnace and turned it into the strongest one-time attack. This lightning is temporarily called the Emperor Of Heaven's Wrath."

Just like that, Gu Chensha stood in the sky above the demon stronghold without being discovered by any of the demons.

Even if a Heavenly Lord stood here, he would have been discovered. But Gu Chensha's cultivation was just child's play? It was impossible for the origin of the demon domain to discover any traces of him.

He also figured out that the attack of the demons this time was also instigated by The Great Spirit God. The Great Spirit God himself had devoured the Sorcerer Ancestor and the Primordial Heart Demon. In fact, even a Chaos Ancient Demon would be at a disadvantage in front of him.

It was also possible that after The Great Spirit God was resurrected, he entered the demon domain and persuaded many hidden Ancient Demons to obtain the destiny of the demon race. The destiny of the Demon Race actually contained the will of the heavens.

The Great Spirit God had instigated the demon race and in fact, obtained the destiny of heaven in the unseen world.

While thinking, Gu Chensha sat cross-legged and a destructive aura brewed in the Divine Land Gourd. He was about to explode with his strongest attack, an attack that was even stronger than the Chiliocosm Primordial Dragon Lightning. He had comprehended the "Emperor Of Heaven's Wrath" himself.

He had already begun to comprehend the Dao of the Emperor Of Heaven. He was confident that this attack could destroy everything, kill the ancient, and destroy the demon domain. Even when Gu Chensha brewed the "Emperor Of Heaven's Wrath", many forces were ready to make a move. The news of the demon race's large-scale counterattack spread quickly. In the desert. In the depths of the vast desert. Tens of thousands, or even hundreds of thousands of oases were built.

If someone were to look from high up in the sky, they would see that the desert, which was filled with yellow sand, was actually starting to glow with vitality bit by bit. Some places were starting to turn green, as if there was a mighty power transforming the entire desert, turning it into a true green wasteland. In the desert, the only empire was the Holy Sama Empire. And the only leader of the Holy Sama Empire was Jing Qiu.

Jing Qiu had opposed Gu Chensha time and time again, but he was still alive and well. It was really a miracle.

"Great news! Great news!"

In the Holy Sama Empire's enormous temple, Jing Qiu and Jing Fanxing were discussing some matters. At that moment, an elder of the Jing Clan walked in, his face full of joy. "Clan Leader, great news!"

"Are the demons gathering again to prepare for a second attack?" Jing Qiu seemed to have known all along.

"Clan Leader …" The Jing Clan elder was instantly shocked.

"Leave," said Jing Qiu, waving his hand. The elder didn't dare say anything else, and obediently left.

"Clan Leader, the demons are attacking again. This is our best chance."

Jing Fanxing raised his head. "The Celestial Calmness Bureau's Gu Chensha has been arrogant for so long. Finally, he's met his retribution."

As of this moment, Jing Fanxing had a profound air about him, and was completely different from the frivolous and impetuous person he had been in the past. After experiencing two tribulations, he had gained enlightenment, and now he had an enigmatic aura about him. Furthermore, there was something special about his power that made him seem even more powerful than some of the old-timers.

Jing Qiu was already at the Dao Realm 36 Transformations. He was at the peak of Embodiment Transformation and his body actually had the aura of an Endless Treasure. Jing Qiu was indeed the reincarnation of an Endless Treasure.

In the past, Gu Chensha had already deduced that Jing Qiu and Fa Wuxian were both reincarnations of an Endless Treasure. However, a series of things caused him to only capture Fa Wuxian and steal the Endless Umbrella. He had no time to search for Jing Qiu, allowing Jing Qiu to escape. But now, it seemed like Jing Fanxing's identity was even more precious than Jing Qiu's.

"Fanxing, I didn't expect you to have such an identity."

Jing Qiu looked at Jing Fanxing and said, "You were captured by Gu Chensha time and time again and your talent and cultivation were stolen. You were also nurtured by Wan Senshi, but Gu Chensha still stole you. You were like vegetables that Gu Chensha harvested time and time again. This was your training."