Chapter 668
===========

Male,

"The prehistoric civilization of the Celestial Designer Institute. Genetic Evolution Fluid is indeed extraordinary."

After Gu Chensha left the Heavenly Craft Institute, a thought entered his mind, and a lot of information flowed in. Finally, it was the formula and information of the Genetic Evolution Fluid.

With his cultivation of the Heavenly Dao Art and his own knowledge, it was as easy as flipping his palm for him to steal some secrets. Even the Immortal Master and Wan Senshi would not be able to stop him.

However, even if he obtained some information on this Genetic Evolution Fluid and wanted to create it in a short period of time, it would not be difficult. However, what he obtained was only low-level information. At most, he would only be able to create a basic Genetic Evolution Fluid.

"Change, create!"

On Gu Chensha's palm, countless amounts of magic power were activated and condensed. After a full hour, a ball of liquid appeared in his palm. This liquid was dark green in color.

He had used the cultivation of the Heavenly Dao Technique to create this primary gene evolution liquid.

"The prehistoric mechanical civilization completely relied on external objects. The term 'gene' is also present in the Heavenly Talisman Tome. From this, it can be seen that Royal Father has long since seen through the logic of the mechanical civilization." Gu Chensha analyzed the liquid as he sank into deep contemplation.

His current ability to calculate had already reached the realm of being able to multitask a billion times at once. In other words, in an instant, he could calculate the future path a billion times. Such ability to calculate and analyze was something that even Saints could not compare to.

Not long after, the various effects and fundamental structure of this liquid, as well as gains and losses, were completely grasped in his mind.

"Genes are the basic structure of living beings and the password that controls all birth, aging, sickness, and death. They are also a mysterious existence that maintains the characteristics of inheritance."

Gu Chensha thought about it carefully. "Why are the offspring of humans born from the union of humans still human and not wild beasts or holy beasts? It's because of genetic inheritance and legacy.

And this liquid changes the nature of genes. From a certain point of view, after injecting it, one would no longer be a person in the traditional sense. " The gene evolution fluid was very overbearing.

For example, the basic gene evolution fluid, after injecting it, one's physical strength would reach a level comparable to that of Dao Realm Transformation Three. But after injecting it, one wouldn't be able to cultivate Xiantian Earth Energy and wouldn't be able to absorb spiritual energy to change one's body. This was because the meridians and acupoints in one's body would all disappear. Even one's brain structure would undergo some sort of destruction and evolution.

If a person's strength wanted to increase a step further, they would need to inject a higher grade of evolution fluid.

Everything depended on the assistance of external objects. They did not cultivate themselves. This was a characteristic of the prehistoric mechanical civilization. They took the path of studying foreign objects and using them to assist their own evolution.

Of course, when this path was taken to the extreme, it could also produce extremely powerful abilities. In the prehistoric civilization, just by relying on external objects, there were supreme existences that could rival Sages and even Celestial Venerables.

In fact, regardless of whether it was the heart or the external world, in the end, they were all different paths leading to the same destination. There were no clear distinctions, and civilization was all great.

"This gene evolution fluid is really amazing. Once it is spread out, numerous commoners will choose to inject it and not cultivate."

Gu Chensha could imagine that there were over 20 billion people in Yongchō and there were less than 100 million who could reach Dao Realm Transformation Three. Not to mention Dao Realm Transformation Three, even those who stepped into Dao Realm had barely broken through 100 million. This ratio was actually really high. This meant that out of every 200 people, there would be one Dao Realm expert. This was simply a rapid development.

10 years ago, one wouldn't be able to find a single Dao Realm expert out of 10 million people. Even martial arts grandmasters were rare. When Gu Chensha debuted, the Black Demon Bat and the other old demons could cause chaos.

Now that 10 years had passed, if the Black Demon Bat was still around, some traveling scholars would have killed him. The Imperial Court wouldn't even have to deal with him. Most of the commoners were still below Dao Realm.

This was something that couldn't be helped as there was a huge gap between Mortal Realm and Dao Realm. One had to comprehend it in order to cultivate. No matter how many resources one had, there were still some obstacles. Many commoners were unable to comprehend it in their entire lives. Thus, this gene evolution fluid had a huge market and it even exceeded the Human Dragon Pill.

"It seems like the Celestial Designer Institute is really ambitious."

Gu Chensha thought about it once more, "But the most important thing is that I can't care so much. It is the people's own choice. Since there is no hope of reaching Dao Realm, injecting the gene evolution fluid is also something I can't do. I can't block the path of the commoners."

He directly sent the gene evolution fluid into the medium-sized world for Zhuge Ya and the others to study and deduce.

Rather than letting the Celestial Designer Institute control it, why not let the Calming Celestial Department control it?

Moreover, maybe the spiritual energy would really disappear and one wouldn't be able to cultivate. This gene evolution fluid would be really useful.

"I need to find a chance to steal all the information from the Celestial Designer Institute and obtain the entire legacy. That way, I will be more knowledgeable and accumulate more knowledge."

Gu Chensha's body moved and he used the power of the medium-sized world to wrap himself up. He entered the chaotic space currents and headed towards where Xing Qiongshi was. He found out where Xing Qiongshi was hiding from Dou Yi Yu.

Since Xing Qiongshi failed to activate the Divine God State Technique 100, he had been in hiding. Even when Wu Dangkong refined the armor, he didn't appear. From this, one could see how badly injured he was. Dou Yi Yu even tricked Gu Chensha to kill Xing Qiongshi.

Back then, Gu Chensha didn't agree, but now that his cultivation had increased and the World Tree had evolved again, he had the confidence to find Xing Qiongshi. Of course, he wasn't going to kill Xing Qiongshi; he didn't have the ability to do so yet. Xing Qiongshi's cultivation was no lower than Wan Senshi's. If he could kill him, he would have already killed Wan Senshi.

He wanted to negotiate with Xing Qiongshi. At the very least, he had cooperated with Xing Qiongshi in the past. He believed that the 'King of Outliers' would come to some kind of agreement with him.

Xing Qiongshi had been unlucky. After escaping, he placed all his bets on Wu Dangkong. Unfortunately, Wu Dangkong was a traitor himself. He wanted to break free from Xing Qiongshi's control, and he finally succeeded.

With the power of the medium-sized world, Gu Chensha and his own Heavenly Law cultivation, he could move through the chaotic space currents with ease. Soon, he reached the depths of the mysterious world.

The space-time storms in front of him were getting fiercer and fiercer. Even Gods couldn't enter them.

Gu Chensha could feel that the vast space around him was filled with twisting storms that could easily destroy a microscopic world. In other words, if a God came here, they would be no different from an ant when facing the enormous power of the chaotic space currents. Fortunately, Gu Chensha was using the power of a medium-sized world.

A medium-sized world was many times stronger than a microscopic world. Its power surrounded him, and no space-time storms could do anything to him.

If he hadn't cultivated a medium-sized world, even if it was a small world, Gu Chensha wouldn't have been able to enter the depths.

"No wonder ordinary Gods, even Saints, don't want to enter the depths of the chaotic space currents. It's too dangerous."

Gu Chensha sighed inwardly. Suddenly, he felt a sense of danger in his heart. He hurriedly withdrew his power and dodged far away. Rumble!

Just as he dodged, a ball of lightning suddenly exploded where he was, sweeping up a large area of space-time turbulence. This was divine lightning that exploded in space.

Just like in the sky, when the Yin and Yang energies exploded, the spatial divine lightning in the chaotic space currents was much stronger than the divine lightning.

This lightning was the result of the power of the chaotic space currents fermenting to the extreme. When it suddenly exploded, the spatial destructive power it produced could even damage a small chiliocosm.

Therefore, normally, a small chiliocosm would stay in a space-time not too far away from the Land of Endless, in case it was affected by the divine lightning.

Gu Chensha had just dodged the shockwave of the divine lightning. Otherwise, he would have used up a lot of the world's power. As he slowly moved forward, he approached the place that Dou Yiyu had mentioned.

In the depths of the chaotic space currents, a huge bubble floated. It seemed to be a world, a small chiliocosm. There was a figure sitting inside, emitting endless baleful energy. This was Xing Qiongshi. Xing Qiongshi was hidden in this small chiliocosm.

His cultivation could even be compared to Wan Senshi. In fact, if he cultivated to the 100th level of the Divine Land, even Wan Senshi would have to admit defeat.

But right now, he could only create a small chiliocosm. There was no way he could create a medium-sized world.

He had once created a medium-sized world of his own, but it was destroyed. How could it be that easy to create a new one now?

"The power of the Heaven's Dao is limitless."

Gu Chensha channeled his cultivation state and sent out a ripple that clashed with this small chiliocosm, sending his consciousness in.

"Senior Xing Qiongshi, are you here?"

This consciousness contained the unparalleled mysteries of a medium-sized world. Gu Chensha believed that Xing Qiongshi could sense it.

"To think that you would be able to find your way here." Not long after Gu Chensha sent out his consciousness, a figure materialized in front of Gu Chensha.

This figure was extremely domineering. He was tall and had black hair that draped over his shoulders, as though he was the king of millions of demons. His face was extremely perfect without any flaws. This was an aura that Gu Chensha had never seen before. Seemed like Xing Qiongshi had comprehended something once more.

"Senior, you seem to have a problem with me?"

Gu Chensha knew that this Xing Qiongshi was just an incarnation. Xing Qiongshi's real body was in the depths of that small chiliocosm. He had no idea what he was cultivating.

"I've underestimated the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. To think that I couldn't even complete the 100th level of the Divine Land, causing me to be heavily injured and unable to execute my plans.

Even that Wu Dangkong broke free from my control and refined my Divine Land Myriad Ferocious Armor. As for you, you've even cultivated a medium-sized world. Even I can't do anything to you now. "

Xing Qiongshi spoke, "Indeed, the world has changed. The speed of your growth is so fast that even I'm dumbfounded."