Chapter 591
===========

"The Crimson Firmament Sect has committed treason by assassinating a prince and refusing to repent. Xiao Donglai has threatened the director of the Calming Immortal Department in an attempt to rebel. Capture him immediately!" At this moment, these words rang in Xiao Donglai's ears.

He instinctively leaped into the air, wanting to tear open space and escape. He knew that the Calming Immortal Department was definitely going to make a move on him. He had been too arrogant and overbearing just now. He had wanted to suppress the Calming Immortal Department in the court. He had thought that with the alliance of many aristocratic families, the Crimson Firmament Sect would be able to take advantage of the situation. He had never expected that the Calming Immortal Department would actually turn a minor dimension into a medium-class one.

The fierceness of a dimensional realm was something that Xiao Donglai had longed for, so how could he not know?

In his dreams, he had imagined countless times that he and the people of the Celestial Sect of Wonders would transform the Minor Thousand World into a Minor Thousand World, obtain the blessing of the world, break through to a higher realm in one fell swoop, and even increase his lifespan.

That's right, the moment a minor dimension became a medium-class world, it could even distort part of the fundamental laws of space and time, allowing the creator to take advantage of this opportunity to extend their lifespan.

In short, according to Xiao Donglai's understanding, a dimensional realm was absolutely impossible to contend with. Not even the entire Crimson Firmament Sect could. Therefore, Xiao Donglai wanted to escape. He had to escape first. Unfortunately, he couldn't escape at all.

Gu Chensha had already seen through any changes. He waved his hand and a dazzling rainbow light wrapped around Xiao Donglai's body, binding him tightly.

"Come!"

In an instant, the rainbow light sealed Xiao Donglai, forming many talismans on his body, restricting all of his movements.

Back when Gu Chensha was still in a minor dimension, he had taken a Martial Emperor away from the bottom of the sea.

Xiao Donglai's strength was far inferior to a Martial Emperor's. How could he be a match for a medium-class world?

Naturally, he was sealed in an instant. Even the Crimson Firmament Sect's minor dimension didn't dare to act rashly.

"Xiao Donglai, what do you have to say now?"

Gu Chensha grabbed Xiao Donglai's body and brought him to the public square outside the court. There, he saw "Thunder Origin" and "Thunder Blood" kneeling on the ground.

These two Divine level experts naturally saw the dimensional realm being upgraded. They were so shocked that they were still in a daze.

"Kneel!"

Gu Chensha kicked Xiao Donglai's knee. At this time, Xiao Donglai had lost all his strength and was no different from a normal person. He knelt beside Extreme Lightning Source and Extreme Lightning Blood.

"Junior! I curse you to die a horrible death! "

The moment he knelt down, Xiao Donglai felt humiliated. He felt that he was finished. This was his real body. Although he had left an incarnation in the Crimson Firmament Profound Sect, what use was that?

Just a moment ago, he had said that he would capture Gu Chensha, abolish everything, and make him kneel in front of the Crimson Firmament Profound Sect. But now, he was kneeling here.

"Really? Looks like you won't shed a tear until you see the coffin. "

Gu Chensha's eyes flashed with a fierce light. He raised his hand, and the aura of an Banishing Immortal condensed in his palm. This was the Banishing Immortal Palm.

Logically speaking, the Banishing Immortal Palm could only be used to destroy immortals. It had no effect on God-rank experts. But Gu Chensha had cultivated the Heavenly Dao and absorbed the Immortal Slaying God Flying Dagger's blade qi. He had even formed a dimensional realm. Bang! Gu Chensha's palm slammed into Xiao Donglai's head.

Immediately, Xiao Donglai's real body lost all its power. The power of the world was extracted from his body, and he screamed like a pig being slaughtered. After a few dozen breaths, Gu Chensha withdrew.

Xiao Donglai's body had turned into real flesh and blood. It was no longer a divine body formed by the power of the world. In other words, he was no longer a God-rank expert, but an ordinary person.

A talisman appeared in Gu Chensha's hand. This talisman was a microscopic world. Within this microscopic world, the red and green energies intertwined, like the Taiji symbol. It contained all of Xiao Donglai's cultivation.

Xiao Donglai's real body was here, which was ninety percent of his power. Although Gu Chensha had formed a dimensional realm, he couldn't imitate the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor and take out his incarnation. However, he had used the Heaven Witchcraft Curse Killing Technique with this strike.

Many of Xiao Donglai's incarnations were affected, and they began to wither, decay, and gradually lose their power.

Back then, Zhuge Ya had used this technique to kill the chief of the Ape Clan. Even the Undying Body of 25 Transformations could not withstand it. It was only the appearance of the Yin Yang Ghost Ape that dispelled the curse. Unfortunately, the Yin Yang Ghost Ape thought that it had dispelled the curse, and in the end, the curse erupted, allowing Zhuge Ya to use Ape Huang's body to steal the Human Transformation Diagram. This showed how powerful the Sky Witchcraft Curse Killing Technique was.

But now, the curse that Gu Chensha used was many times more powerful than it was in the past. Even if he hid in a small chiliocosm, he couldn't do anything, because a dimensional realm could restrain a small chiliocosm.

"My cultivation, my incarnation!"

Xiao Donglai turned into an ordinary person, but he still knelt there. He could feel his incarnation withering. He was shocked. Originally, he thought that even if his real body was destroyed, his incarnation would still be there, and he could make a comeback. Even if it took thousands of years, he would take revenge.

But now, his incarnation was also withering. His fate was even more miserable than the two Deity experts of the Lei Clan.

The two Deity experts of the Lei Clan were only sealed, and they didn't lose their cultivation. Perhaps there would be a day when they could be freed. As long as the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor removed the seal, they would still be full of vigor.

And now, Xiao Donglai's power had been stolen by the Exiled Immortal. There was basically no possibility of him recovering.

"Xiao Donglai, you are courting death by becoming someone else's shield. But as long as you turn over a new leaf, our Calmness Immortal Division will give you a way out.

You are now an ordinary person, but your vision and knowledge are still there. You still have about ten years left to live. In these ten years, if you sincerely repent and do a lot of good deeds, our Calmness Immortal Division will extend your lifespan, allowing you to cultivate again. " Gu Chensha swung his arm. Xiao Donglai disappeared without a trace.

Just like that, a Deity expert of the Scarlet Firmament Profound Sect was sealed, kneeled down, crippled, and sent away. Gu Chensha generally wouldn't kill people. Even the arrogant Jing Fanxing was crippled by Gu Chensha. As for the Martial Emperors, Gu Chensha didn't kill them all. Common people nourish the heavens. The key word was' nourish '. Sou! After doing all this, Gu Chensha returned to the royal court.

There were so many Deity experts in the royal court, but none of them dared to act rashly. They weren't afraid of Gu Chensha, but rather, they were afraid of a dimensional realm.

No matter how strong Gu Chensha was, his cultivation was still limited. A Deity expert wouldn't fear such a low-level existence, but the power of a dimensional realm was simply too great. Many people knew that even a powerhouse at the 36 Transformations, Embodiment Embodiment, wouldn't be able to create a dimensional realm.

"What does everyone think? Does the Celestial Calmness Bureau have the right to punish the aristocratic families? "

Lou Baiyue said, "The Scarlet Firmament Profound Sect is up to no good. We will naturally choose the right time to attack. I think that with the Scarlet Firmament Profound Sect's power, it won't be able to withstand the power of a dimensional realm.

Everyone, think carefully. The court is facing a demonic disaster, and we don't want to kill. Otherwise, all of you will die here today. " "Pay to avoid disaster."

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, wasn't polite either. "Contact the sect and hand over the wealth for this punishment. Then you can leave. The court won't pursue this crime of disrespect. "

"Celestial Calmness Bureau, don't go too far. The Black Heaven Earth Sect also has a dimensional realm."

Xuan An couldn't help but say, "The Celestial Calmness Bureau has just become a dimensional realm. You don't have as many resources as the Black Heaven Earth Sect. Do you want to fight to the death?" "Really? We are the creators of a dimensional realm. How much power can you use? "

Gu Chensha glanced at Xuan An. "The Black Heaven Earth Sect does have some tricks, but I want to have a taste of them."

"The demonic disaster has broken out, and the Celestial Calmness Bureau doesn't care about the world. You actually want to start a war with the Black Heaven Earth Sect?"

Xuan An didn't dare to speak arrogantly. In the past, if someone said that they wanted to start a war with the Black Heaven Earth Sect, many people would think that it was arrogant. But now, the Celestial Calmness Bureau had become a dimensional realm. Even a god-level expert didn't dare to speak recklessly.

"The Taiyi Fantasy Sect supports the Celestial Calmness Bureau as the leader of the immortal dao. The Black Heaven Earth Sect has been number one for so many years. It's time for you to give up." At this moment, an old man appeared in the hall. This old man was Taixuan Du. He was the headmaster of the Taiyi Fantasy Sect, a Sage.

"The Black Universe Sect agrees." Another woman appeared in the hall. This woman was tall and ancient, and she had an imposing aura.

"Chang Weiyang!" Fan Bai exclaimed.

This woman was Chang Weiyang, the headmaster of the Black Universe Sect, who had dominated for thousands of years.

Originally, these two headmasters had been waiting to see what would happen. Even when the Celestial Calmness Bureau was attacked by the Demon Disaster, they didn't do anything. However, now that the Celestial Calmness Bureau had become a dimensional realm, they knew that this was their chance. Therefore, they immediately expressed their support for the Celestial Calmness Bureau.

These two Profound Sects could compete with the Black Heaven Earth Sect, especially the Black Universe Sect. They knew the secrets of the Black Heaven Earth Sect very well. In the past, Chang Yucheng had split from the Black Heaven Earth Sect. He was a supreme elder of the Black Heaven Earth Sect. Fan Bai's face turned ugly.

He had long known that the Taiyi Fantasy Sect and the Black Universe Sect had colluded with the Celestial Calmness Bureau to gain benefits. However, these two sects didn't dare to show their support openly.

Now that they had shown their support, it was obvious that the Celestial Calmness Bureau had become a powerful force. With the support of these two Profound Sects, the Celestial Calmness Bureau's influence would be extraordinary.