Chapter 570
===========

"Even if we ask for help, we can't help them. You have to know that we've been against the rule of the three Sky Sovereigns for a long time. The three Sky Sovereigns have been eyeing us like tigers watching their prey. If we get involved in the Devil Disaster, we will be attacked by the three Sky Sovereigns. Our sect will be in danger."

Tai Xuan sighed. "We have the heart, but we can't. Only if we all become medium-class worlds will we be able to help." "That's true."

Chang Weiyang's eyes flashed with a profound light. "If I could make a breakthrough during this Devil Apocalypse and enter the realm of the three Empyreans, breaking through to the 36 Transformations, then I would be able to turn this Universe Thunder Pool into a dimensional realm. But what a pity, I haven't been able to make any further breakthroughs.

"Surpassing the 36 transformations, Embodiment Transformation, jumping out of the three realms and not within the five elements."

Wen Hong said, "Even becoming a Divergent is very difficult. I don't know how the three Sky Sovereigns broke through, but the Dharma Saint seems to be walking a different path."

"I will naturally find a path that is in line with my own great dao. My dao is the Heavenly Dao, and my mystiques are the Heavenly Dao mystiques. It is not impossible for me to surpass the three great celestial lords." Chang Weiyang's daoist techniques were lofty and lofty.

"It's possible to surpass the three Sky Sovereigns. For example, the Xing Qiong Clan's 100 Divine Continent Great Techniques completely surpass the three Sky Sovereigns. If I can complete them, I can destroy a large sect with one strike."

Wen Hong said, "Let's be honest. I have nothing to do, and I'm not bound by a sect. I'm not afraid of anyone taking revenge on me. If the Calm Celestial Department is in danger, I will go save Gu Chensha. " "Difficult, difficult, difficult."

Tai Xuan shook his head. "Your cultivation is advancing by leaps and bounds. I think you've reached the 32 transformations of the Dao Realm. You're only one step away from becoming a Saint. Once you reach the 33 transformations, you'll be a true Saint. Thirty-four, thirty-five, and thirty-six transformations are the steps to becoming a Saint. Each realm is one step away from the Heavenly Dao.

With your current cultivation realm, you are indeed very powerful and can easily kill Deities. However, against a Minor Thousand Realm, there is no way you can contend against it.

After all, it hasn't been long since you became a god, so you can't turn the Minute Dust World into a Minor Thousand World. "

It was true that Wen Hong had only become a god for a short period of time. Although his cultivation was profound, and he was once the Son of Destiny, far surpassing ordinary saints, it was still impossible for him to transform his own dust world into a small chiliocosm.

Naturally, he had some success in managing his own world. Relying on his self-created Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art, he created many planets in his microscopic world. There were also many humans living on the planets, providing him with another type of spirit force that wasn't faith. At that time, when Gu Chensha entered his dust world, he found something unusual.

"This Demonification is a great opportunity for me. I can hunt down the demons, devour the Demon Gods and obtain their microscopic worlds. My hands are getting itchy." Wen Hong rubbed his palms together. He felt that the arrival of the Demonification was a good thing.

Chang Weiyang and Tai Xuan felt the same way. "If the three of us work together and form an alliance, we will definitely have the best opportunity in the Demonification. We've been drooling over the Demon Minor Thousand Realms for a long time. "

Minor Thousand Realms represented the accumulation of a race over thousands or even tens of thousands of years.

Chang Weiyang, Wen Hong, and Tai Xuan all naturally wanted to obtain the Demon Minor Thousand Realms to consolidate the power of their sect worlds and advance to a medium-class world. Similarly, the demons also coveted the Immortal Dao's 72 sects' Minor Thousand Realms.

Both sides were fighting. After all, the Immortal Dao represented spirituality. Spirituality and demonic nature had always been opposites.

The three of them had come to an agreement to bide their time and wait for the Demonification to erupt. RUMBLE!

As the blood-red sun rose into the sky, suddenly, in the center of the Divine Continent, in the depths of the Bottomless Sea of Sin in the Sin Province, countless demonic clouds erupted.

The demonic clouds did not spread out. Instead, they pierced through the entire Divine Continent like a demonic rainbow.

The appearance of this demonic rainbow was an unparalleled demonic power. This demonic power was not spiritual power but world power.

When it appeared, the entire sky turned pitch black. The sun lost all its light and all its color was stolen.

Normal people couldn't see it at all. The Divine Continent was so dark that one couldn't even see their own fingers.

"As expected, the Demon Disaster has erupted."

Wen Hong could sense it. With his cultivation, he had reached the Dao Realm 32 Transformations, One Thought Connecting to Heaven.

One Thought Connecting to Heaven meant that with just a thought, everything in the world, ghosts, gods, and all sorts of changes could be sensed. One could also use this thought to communicate with the Heavenly Dao and accept all sorts of thoughts, responsibilities, and restrictions from the Heavenly Dao.

If one's cultivation base was too strong, the Heavenly Dao would place restrictions on the cultivator. For example, when a Saint was in a meditative state, if he wanted to do something, but if that action would destroy the order of the world, the Heavenly Dao would stop him from doing it. If he insisted on doing it, there would definitely be a tribulation.

Furthermore, if an existence that destroys the order of the world appears, the Heavenly Daos will send down a mission for you to stop. If you succeed, you will receive great benefits.

For example, when the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was at his peak, many experts from the immortal dao, demon dao, and even the devil dao had reached the thirty-two transformations, One Thought Connecting Heaven, and received the guidance of the heavenly dao in their cultivation. They wanted to destroy the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and the Great Yong Dynasty. Whoever could be the vanguard would be rewarded by the heavenly dao.

Of course, only God-level experts who had reached the level of 'Connecting Heaven with a Single Thought' could clearly sense the missions assigned by the Heavenly Dao.

This was the true use of One Thought Connecting to Heaven. What could be done and what couldn't be done? When one reached this realm, one could avoid many calamities.

Of course, one's combat strength was also really strong. One Thought Connecting to Heaven meant that one's soul was really strong and broke through some sort of barrier. One could gather World Energy much faster than normal God Realm experts.

If one were to use the secular world as an analogy, the Heavenly Dao was the Emperor, and the person who held the decree was naturally the Crown Prince. He could negotiate with the Heavenly Dao at any time to obtain resources.

And when one reached the 32 Transformations, One Thought Connecting to Heaven, it was equivalent to being summoned by the Emperor and obtaining the Emperor's decree at the first instance. It was the same for demons.

The reason the Devil Saint Pygmy Death Emperor wanted to launch a Devil Calamity was definitely because the Devil Saint Pygmy Death Emperor had been summoned by the Heavenly Dao.

After the Devil Calamity, the Devil Saint Pygmy Death Emperor would definitely receive a huge boost from the Heavenly Dao. There was no good or evil in the Heavenly Dao, and the Devil Race was also under its control.

When the Devil Calamity reached its peak, it would feel that the Spirit Demon Race had lost its balance, and would issue another mission to rid the Devil Calamity.

This was equivalent to the Emperor's Art of Politics. He would rope in one faction, suppress another, and use treacherous officials to suppress virtuous officials. This was to prevent the Emperor's authority from being taken away by the officials. When the suppression was too great, it would incite public anger, and the treacherous officials would be killed to appease the anger, and at the same time, display the Emperor's might. Precisely, the Emperor's Art of Politics was learned from the Heavenly Dao of Yin-Yang.

"The Devil Calamity indeed targeted the Jingxian Department first." Chang Weiyang abruptly sprung up to watch the scene on the Divine Land.

In history, the Devil Calamity always erupted and spread in all directions. It definitely did not turn into a huge black rainbow that crossed the Divine Land and bombarded the outside of the Divine Land.

The sky and earth were pitch-black, and ghosts were wailing and gods were howling. All the living beings on the Divine Land, even at the border and in the sea felt the destructive aura, as if doomsday had arrived.

"This black rainbow contains the power of at least 10 small chiliocosms."

Tai Xuandu was a Sage who had experienced many storms. However, at the sight of this scene, he was still very nervous. After all, his son was still in the sphere.

The Devil Calamity broke out immediately. The black rainbow contained the power of over 10 small chiliocosms. Even the Universe Profound Sect and Taiyi Fantasy Sect could not bear it.

The Jingxian Department did not have the accumulation of the Universe Profound Sect and Taiyi Fantasy Sect at all. Basically, this strike would shatter them into pieces.

Tai Xuandu's son, Tai Mang Di, was also among them. Besides, he even had the Taiyi Pearl. Of course, Tai Xuandu was nervous. But this black rainbow was almost unstoppable, and no one tried to stop it. Not even the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's plan was revealed.

"The reason why the Devil Calamity attacked the Jingxian Department at the first possible moment is probably because of the will of the Heavenly Dao. Gu Chensha has cultivated a Heavenly Dao Magic, so the Heavenly Dao will not tolerate him," Chang Weiyang thought to herself. However, she could no longer say it out loud.

The black rainbow had already locked onto the location of the Jingxian Department's sphere of Common People's Will. With a single strike, it tore through endless space and time and bombarded the sphere. Almost all the experts had their eyes on this place.

Previously, when the Lord of Seven Stars had ascended, something like this had happened as well. However, it had been a Sage who had attacked. Experts like the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor and the Black Heaven Earth Gate had only probed, and had been blocked by the Death Exemption Talisman.

But this time was different. This time, there were many demon gods and demon sages, and they had even used the power of a small chiliocosm. Compared to last time, it was more than a hundred times more powerful.

The power of a small chiliocosm was already far greater than that of a Sage. With over 10 small chiliocosms gathered together, and the power of hundreds of millions of demons and prayers that had been stored for years, it was basically invincible.

In the Demon Realm, countless demons had built Nethersteel Fortresses and prayed to the Divine Mahākāśyapa Mantra. Finally, their prayers turned into boiling power.

The final strike of this power merged with the power of a small chiliocosm. This was the Demon Heart Prison Thunder Tribulation.