Chapter 32
==========

"My foundation is shallow. The only thing I can rely on is that my father, the Emperor, valued me a little. Also, you gave me the secret manual of The Great Spirit God, which helped me cultivate to this stage. I don't have any prestige to speak of. "

Gu Chensha looked around the ship and saw that it had changed to another battleship. This one was bigger and more stable than the previous one. It was equipped with cannons, which could be used to attack cities and seize territory. The Lou family's wealth was evident.

Normally, although the nobles in the capital city had a ship with a tower, they couldn't own a big ship with cannons. Otherwise, it would be considered a rebellion. They would be exterminating three families.

"This Fire Shark Battleship was secretly ordered by the Emperor to be transferred from the Heavenly Craftsmen Institution."

Lou Baiyue could see Gu Chensha's doubts. "There are 18 newly developed Mountain Splitting Cannons, on which there are spell formations inscribed by Tao State Artifact Craftsmen. The cannonballs are also equipped with incredible spell formations. They can collapse solid city walls more than 10 miles away."

"Awesome! With such cannons, we will be invincible in the next year's campaign against the barbarians." Gu Chensha was shocked. "Even a Tao State Cultivator will be smashed to pieces." "Tao State Cultivators are not invincible in the beginning.

Only after cultivating to the Nine Changes Realm will they be like immortals, and ordinary methods can't destroy them. "

Lou Baiyue waved her hand, and the Dao Slave took out a black object the size of a palm and handed it over respectfully. Gu Chensha saw a trigger on it. It should be a concealed weapon or a crossbow. BANG! Lou Baiyue pulled the trigger in the distance.

About 3,000 steps away, a water bird was shot. Its whole body exploded, and it turned into a fireball that fell into the river. In the blink of an eye, it was turned into charcoal.

"Isn't this a gun? How can a gun be so powerful? "Gu Chensha felt a chill in his heart.

"This is a Fire Talisman Gun, newly developed by the Heavenly Craftsmen Institution."

Lou Baiyue returned the gun to the Dao Slave. "With this gun in hand, even a martial artist can kill a Grand Master with a little training." "I didn't expect the Heaven Palace Sect to create such a powerful weapon.

But this kind of weapon will sooner or later fall into the hands of the common people. If it is used by lawless people, won't the world be in chaos? "Gu Chensha thought of the most serious problem.

"I had also thought of this problem before, and even specially sent a secret letter to the emperor to remind him, but the emperor said that the people of the world might need this kind of thing to protect their dignity. The Emperor's breadth of mind was indeed very different from any ruler of the past dynasties.

Every dynasty and every generation wants to fool the people, but His Majesty unlocked the wisdom of the people, toppling all the other Heavenly Emperors in history. "Speaking of the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor, Lou Baiyue was filled with admiration from the bottom of his heart. Gu Chensha couldn't help but admire the way the Great Yongchō was governed.

"You haven't had breakfast yet, right? Shall I ask my subordinates to prepare it for you? "

Lou Baiyue asked again, "I've already cultivated to the Tao Realm, and I don't need to eat the food of the mortal world. I can just absorb the Spiritual Qi of heaven and earth."

"I'm a little hungry, but I've been practicing martial arts recently, and I hate the smell of smoke and fire. I heard that you found a lot of good things in the ruins of the ancient Tianzi Xu. I wonder if there's anything I can use? I have something to exchange for it. "

Gu Chensha's abdomen was densely packed with the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales to store energy, so it didn't matter if he didn't eat for a few months. But he didn't want to expose his trump card, and he also wanted to test what kind of secrets Lou Baiyue had.

"Oh? What do you have to exchange for it? "Lou Baiyue was interested.

"How about this?"

Gu Chensha took out the Tiger Wolf Pill, which was black and blue in color and had a powerful aura. He wanted to test Lou Baiyue's judgment.

"The Ancient Tiger Wolf Pill!"

Lou Baiyue's eyes became sharp, "Even if a normal person consumes it, they will become a tiger wolf warrior, comparable to a warrior who trained for 20 years.

Apart from increasing one's strength and not having any side effects, the most important thing is to change a weak person into a tiger wolf because this pill contains the might of a tiger wolf. "

A person's personality determined success or failure. A weak, indecisive person, even if he was given strength, he wouldn't know how to use it.

In the end, he would be defeated. However, a strong person, even if he didn't have strength, he would still think of ways to work hard and achieve something in the end.

The most important thing about the Tiger Wolf Pill was to inject the tenacity of a wolf into the soul of a normal person, and the dignity and confidence of a tiger. These two things were necessary for success. This was something that no pill could do, and it needed the power of the heavens to merge with it.

"Good eyesight, you can tell that this is the Ancient Tiger Wolf Pill." Gu Chensha praised, "I think many young disciples of the Lou Family need this pill." "Where did you get it?

This pill came from the ancient times and has long been lost in the modern era. Even the most brilliant pill refiner cannot refine it. There are pills that increase strength, but it is impossible to give a person the nature of a tiger wolf. This involves the changes of the heavens. "Lou Baiyue was obviously moved. Although she didn't need it, many disciples of the Lou Family needed it.

The Lou Family was a big family. If they wanted to prosper, talents were the most important. Although most of the disciples had good resources, they had been pampered for too long. Their personalities were inevitably lazy and arrogant, which made it hard for them to take on big responsibilities. If they had the Tiger Wolf Pill, it would be completely different. Everyone in the family would be an elite. What did clans rely on? What they relied on was the continuous emergence of outstanding geniuses.

When a wolf hunted, it could hide for a long time without moving. It could endure hunger and cold. If a person had the patience and tenacity of a wolf, what couldn't they do?

"My mother was a princess of the Xian Dynasty. It isn't strange that she left me something to protect myself."

Gu Chensha wasn't stupid enough to tell the truth. Of course, even if he said that the Heaven Sacrificial Decree was in his hands, no one would believe him.

"How many of these pills do you have?" Lou Baiyue was very straightforward.

"How many do you want?" Gu Chensha asked in return.

"I want as many as you have." Lou Baiyue ordered her subordinate, "Yuxiang, bring the Heavenly Dew over." "Heavenly Dew, it really is Heavenly Dew."

Gu Chensha remembered the records in the history books. Lou Baiyue had indeed consumed this. There was Heavenly Dew left behind in the ancient ruins of the Son of Heaven. He just didn't know how much Lou Baiyue had obtained. A maid brought over a jade bottle the size of a thumb.

"This is Heavenly Dew. You are familiar with history books and should know what it does. There are five drops in the bottle.

Every time you take a drop, the dew will stay in your body for a month, improving your meridians, expanding your acupuncture points, and toughening your flesh. Also, for a month, you don't need to eat anything that smells like smoke to prevent your body from being polluted. "Lou Baiyue said," Now, five drops of heavenly dew in exchange for two Tiger Wolf Pills, you're not losing out, are you? " "Deal."

Gu Chensha exchanged right away. He needed the Heavenly Dew now. The ancient Son of Heaven cultivated the Son of Heaven Seal God Technique and needed the Heavenly Dew to be able to cultivate it to such a high level.

Actually, only the Sun and Moon Refinement Technique could completely merge the medicinal properties of the Heavenly Dew with the body.

Moreover, when one reached the Martial Technique Grandmaster Realm, one had to pay attention to what they ate and drank. If not, the impurities in their bodies would accumulate. Not only would they not improve, but they would also get weaker. Because of this, basically no Martial Technique Grandmasters could reach the Dao Realm.

Martial arts Grandmasters preferred to eat and drink elixirs that were refined to the extreme, or those kinds of heavenly materials and earthly treasures. Who would be able to support such a huge consumption?

Even rich and noble families would have to spend a lot to raise a few Martial Technique Grandmasters who could reach the Dao Realm.

The two of them exchanged treasures. Gu Chensha asked for a quiet room from Lou Baiyue and was about to consume a drop of Heavenly Dew to cultivate.

"Princess, how did he get the Tiger Wolf Pill?" Yuxiang was obviously her confidant. She immediately knelt down. "Was the information I gathered wrong? Did I do anything wrong? " "He still gave me a surprise."

Lou Baiyue's expression was normal. "He didn't bring any followers and sat on my ship. That means he can endure the humiliation and save a lot of trouble. This is a wise move. Luckily, I can use these few days to see how strong he is. Let's set sail!" Honglong!

The giant anchor was pulled up, and the Fire Shark Battleship rode the waves and left the capital city.

On the shore, a few spies dressed like commoners exchanged glances. "I didn't expect Prince Nineteen to disregard his identity and face and sit on Lou Baiyue's ship. He completely ruined our plan. Tenth Master told us to create trouble for him. What do we do now? We don't dare to provoke Lou Baiyue at all. " "It's better to report this to Tenth Master." The spies quickly left. In addition, there were a few others who also felt that they couldn't do anything.

"Hmph!

If I take the ship myself, I don't know how much trouble I'll cause. I'm afraid I'll be obstructed before I even reach Xian Province. "In a small private room, Gu Chensha observed his surroundings and thought calmly.

The private room on the ship was quite spacious. It was more than ten steps wide and three feet high.

It was made of steel, but it was framed with spices and wrapped in fur. It was luxurious and luxurious.

Gu Chensha dripped a drop of Heavenly Dew, and its fragrance immediately filled the room. The Heavenly Dew was blue, similar to the sky. It was as if a small piece of the sky had been torn down.

He dripped it on the tip of his tongue. He didn't need to swallow it. The Heavenly Dew melted into his flesh and blood and instantly spread to every part of his body.

This kind of feeling was breathtaking, like the kind of carefree feeling of having a flash of inspiration.

For example, when you pondered over a problem for a long time and couldn't figure out the main point, and suddenly figured it out, that moment was the most intense moment in life. The moment the Heavenly Dew entered his mouth and spread throughout his body, it was this smell.

"Refinement of Sun and Moon!"

He immediately activated the internal energy of the Refinement of Sun and Moon. The medicinal power of the Heavenly Dew flowed in his meridians and changed. His flesh and blood were changed and tempered, and his meridians gradually expanded. As he breathed, there seemed to be some kind of whirlwind in his body.

Although he was practicing the Refinement of Sun and Moon, from the perspective of others, he was cultivating the Technique of The Great Spirit God.

This was because he had cultivated the Transformation of Sun and Moon. Any martial art could become the cultivation of the Transformation of Sun and Moon.

After a long time, he regained consciousness. He felt that his strength, speed, agility, and thinking had all increased slightly. His limit had increased. A few Dragon Scales of the Sun and Moon appeared on his back, protecting the key acupoints.

"He's cultivating the Technique of The Great Spirit God."

In another room, there was a mirror that showed Gu Chensha's every move. Lou Baiyue observed, but she couldn't find any clues. "The power in his body is surging like the tide, and his bloodline is strong. It gives people the feeling that it's as heavy as a mountain. It seems like that's the bloodline of The Great Spirit God that's gradually being activated."

At this time, the red sun hung high in the sky. The fog on the surface of the river had dissipated. It was already noon. Gu Chensha cultivated for a full four hours.

The blue waves stretched for thousands of miles, and the river was vast. Although the wind was very cold, it also had a hint of spring.

There were many ice floes on the surface of the river. It was difficult for ordinary boats to travel, but the Fire Shark Battleship could break through even the thickest ice, let alone the ice floes.

"Princess, we've already left the capital. With our current speed, we'll reach the boundary of the Stone Province tonight," someone reported.