Chapter 468
===========

"The school of Legalism is indeed unfathomable. I entered just like that and saw many clues. It is no longer possible for me to sneak in and obtain the secrets of the Dharma Saint."

After Gu Chensha came out, his eyes became deep. "However, if I want to do that, I can take a detour and go to the Mysterious Gate of the Universe to deal with the two old guys, Chang Weiyang and Tai Xuandu."

Compared to the school of Legalism, the Taiyi Mystic Sect and the Mysterious Gate of the Universe were more suitable for cooperation.

The people from the school of Legalism had the intention to kill after a few words. If not for all the considerations, they would have already done it.

"Legalism, just you wait. Since you have the intention to kill, there is no need for me to feign civility with you. I will do my best to weaken your strength. I can say for sure that when the demon disaster breaks out and the demons deal with the Tranquil Immortal Department, your school of Legalism will stab us in the back."

Gu Chensha's body spread out and turned into a soundless cloud qi. He flew at a speed that was more than 100 times faster than when he had gone to the Mysterious Gate of the Universe.

When he had arrived at the Mysterious Gate of the Universe in the East Wilderness, his cultivation was still at the 19 changes of Dao Realm, Size Manipulation. He had relied on his physical body and Dan Qi. He had not even cultivated his magic power, let alone the quality of the Heavenly Dao. Compared to then, his current strength was worlds apart, be it in terms of cultivation realm or combat strength.

He was soundless as he circulated his magic power. It was as if he had blended into the world. He flew without leaving any traces. He was like a cool breeze, like a white cloud, like the essence of the world, like the nourishment of rain.

No matter how well one concealed oneself, there would still be flaws when one cultivated in flight, and it would be easily noticed by others. However, after Gu Chensha cultivated the 22 Transformations of Heaven and Earth, he was able to fuse into one with everything in the world at any time, and he would never retreat. This sort of profundity was something that even gods were unable to notice. A few hours later, he arrived at the Mysterious Gate of the Universe from the Dharma Province. This time, he entered the Mysterious Gate of the Universe with ease.

When Gu Chensha entered the Pool of Universe Thunder, he saw Tai Xuandu and Wen Hong playing chess while Chang Weiyang watched from the side. Dang!

Wen Hong placed down a black chess piece. Tai Xuan thought about it for a long time and then sighed, "As expected from the Son of Destiny, each generation has its own talent. Wen Hong, you win this round."

"Senior, you're too polite. Senior, you're just trying to help me win." Wen Hong put away the chess piece and saw Gu Chensha walking in. At this time, Chang Weiyang and Tai Xuan looked over.

"Wonderful!" The three of them exclaimed simultaneously.

"To think that you actually succeeded. The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor is truly one of the strongest existences in history." Chang Weiyang could already tell the quality of Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Art.

"I'm actually able to witness the appearance of a Heavenly Dao Art in my lifetime." Tai Xuan exclaimed, "It seems like it was right for me to let my son join your Celestial Calmness Department."

"Once the Heavenly Dao Art is cultivated, you will be able to sever the threads of fate. From now on, even the Holy Heavenly Venerables won't be able to calculate your fate, future, and even your past. In the Heavenly Secrets, you are invisible." Wen Hong said, "The Celestial Treading Bloodline is indeed able to suppress the Heavenly Dao." "I came here to discuss some things with the Mysterious Gate of the Universe and Taiyi Mystic Sect."

Gu Chensha said, "Never-Ending Sect Master, we've already captured Dou Nineteen, who you wanted to kill, and obtained all of his memories. However, we still need to use him to do various things, so we haven't killed him for now. A living Dou Nineteen is more valuable than a dead Dou Nineteen.

"Zhuge Ya's calculations are really deep. He used Dou Nineteen just like that to obtain the Azure Dragon and White Tiger.

Now that all four saint beasts are gathered, your Celestial Calmness Department's potential will increase greatly. More importantly, no matter what tribulations you face, you can escape. Preserve the spark. "

Chang Weiyang nodded. "So you're saying that you came here to exchange the things you obtained from Dou Nineteen for something?

I know that the Celestial Calmness Department has been flourishing recently. I've also noticed those people's generals. Even I can't refine this treasure. " "It's not a trade. It's a complete alliance."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "The greatest benefit I obtained from Dou Nineteen is the Dragon-Raising Sutra and Dragon-Making Sutra. These two sutras are the greatest merit in the world. If you hand them over to the Taiyi Mystic Sect and the Mysterious Gate of the Universe, I'm afraid that the overall strength of your sects will increase by several times in a few decades." "Theoretically, that's true. However, you've forgotten one thing."

Chang Weiyang shook her head. "That's the tribulations. The Dragon-Raising Sutra is a heaven-defying sutra. It can change one's aptitude. However, one's aptitude is innate. If it's changed through cultivation, the tribulations will be extremely great. If I'm not mistaken, you've already died once." "That makes sense."

Gu Chensha knew that even if one cultivated the Dragon-Raising Sutra and Dragon-Making Sutra, one couldn't become a genius or even an unparalleled genius. Instead, once one cultivated, one's life would be filled with difficulties and many tribulations would come one after another. Only by passing the tribulations could one achieve something.

"There's no such thing as a smooth sailing in the world. Why should I be afraid of tribulations?

The more tribulations there are, the more I sharpen myself. I've cultivated the Heavenly Dao, so there will be many more tribulations in the future. Each time I raise a realm, the Heavenly Dao's influence on me will be greater. However, this is also the best way to cultivate. Constantly resisting the Heavenly Dao's influence will benefit my soul greatly.

This kind of training on the border of life and death can forge my determination to destroy everything. "Gu Chensha wasn't afraid of tribulations.

"The Heavenly Dao is also beneficial to us. The Dragon-Making Sutra and Dragon-Raising Sutra are undoubtedly beneficial to the sect." Tai Xuan said, "What do you want? How do you want to trade? " "What I want to do is beneficial to all of you too."

Gu Chensha looked at Tai Xuan, "Sect Leader Xuan Du, if I'm not wrong, you've felt that the Heavenly Dao is attracting you more and more. You have to spend a lot of mental energy to resist it, otherwise, you'll be assimilated by the Heavenly Dao and merge with it. In the end, you'll disappear and die. But there's something that can solve this. "

"You're talking about comprehending variables?" Tai Xuan shook his head, "The Dao of Variables isn't easy to comprehend." "No, it's to obtain the secrets of the Dharma Saint.

It's said that the Dharma Saint didn't merge with the Dao and instead researched a method to resist the Heavenly Dao. "

Gu Chensha said, "The Warlock Saint has spent his entire life studying the transformations of magic power. It is said that he has already reached the highest realm of the Nine Levels True Dragon Technique. This time, I went to the School of Legalism and vaguely felt that the Warlock Saint is still alive." "The Dharma Saint is indeed still alive."

Chang Weiyang said, "My father once caught a trace of the Dharma Saint and wanted to discuss some things with the Dharma Saint. Unfortunately, the Dharma Saint avoided him. In the end, my father couldn't resist the Heavenly Dao's call and merged with it."

"If the Dharma Saint has such a method, then he probably opened another path. He doesn't need to become a variable to be close to undying." Gu Chensha frowned.

"My father once said that the Dharma Saint is the most special out of all the saints. He seems to have understood the essence of the laws."

Chang Weiyang said, "Although I've comprehended the variable and cultivated a technique, if I don't comprehend it and break through the 36 transformations and jump out of the Three Realms, I'm afraid I'll lose to the Dharma Saint. Not only that, I suspect that the three Sky Venerables won't be able to do anything to the Dharma Saint." "He's that strong?"

A worried expression appeared on Gu Chensha's face. "It seems like the Dharma Saint is much stronger than I imagined."

"All saints have to merge with the Heavenly Dao and enter destruction. The stronger they are, the more likely they are to disappear at any time. Only the Dharma Saint avoided the call and exists forever."

Wen Hong's expression was solemn. "If the Legalists were easy to deal with, they wouldn't have been able to sit on the throne of the top families for so long." "Isn't the Legalists stronger than the Black Heaven Earth Sect?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Of course."

Chang Weiyang warned, "You have to be extremely careful if you want to attack the School of Legalism. If the Warlock Saint really appears, I'm afraid Tai Xuan and I, along with Wen Hong, will not be a match for him."

The Dharma Saint was a Great Saint from the Ancient Era and had left behind countless legends. He was many times older than Chang Weiyang and Tai Xuan. If he hadn't died, the things he had accumulated would be terrifying.

"He really is strong. If that's the case, if we obtain his secrets, we'll have more resources." Gu Chensha didn't give up on the idea of obtaining secrets from the Legalists. The stronger the Dharma Saint was, the more useful the secrets would be to him.

What Gu Chensha wanted the most was research on the quality of the Heavenly Dao Techniques. This would be of great benefit to his future cultivation. If he obtained the results of the Dharma Saint's research, it would be the same as standing on the shoulders of the King of Saints.

"You still haven't given up?" Chang Weiyang asked curiously.

"No matter what, the Dharma Saint didn't cultivate the Heavenly Dao Techniques, but I did," Gu Chensha said. "This is where he is inferior to me." "That's true."

Chang Weiyang wasn't really afraid of the Dharma Saint. Since Gu Chensha was willing to be the vanguard, she naturally wouldn't reject him. "What plans do you have? Tell us. If we can help, we won't be stingy. After all, after obtaining the Dharma Saint's secrets, we'll have enough benefits." "These are the secrets of the three Sky Sovereigns that I obtained from Dou Nineteen." Gu Chensha sent out a thought and displayed the memories he obtained from Dou Nineteen. Apart from that, there was also the complete version of the Dragon Cultivation Technique.

"I'll give you the complete version of the Dragon Nurturing Mantra." Gu Chensha said, "But I hope you won't spread it. Just train disciples in secret.

As for the Dragon Cultivation Technique, it's too heaven-defying. After we obtain the Dharma Saint's secrets, we'll give it to you. "