Chapter 437
===========

The ball of light was like a mirror, constantly calculating. But every time he reached a critical moment, the mirror would turn blurry, unable to show what had happened.

"An expert, it's definitely an expert. To be able to hide from the heavens, just who is it? Could it be the Calm Immortal Bureau? "

Dou Nineteen stopped calculating. "But the Calm Immortal Bureau doesn't have anyone stronger than me. Maybe it's Chang Weiyang from the Cosmos Profound Gate, or some exiled immortal expert from the Devil Domain?"

After calculating for half a day and exhausting a lot of his magic power, Dou Nineteen basically had no results. His heart was pounding with rage, but there was nothing he could do.

He had lost his life-saving talisman, a jade pendant, and the Sovereign Dao Gourd and Heavenly Weapon. His strength had dropped a lot, and if he met another expert of the Devil God level, he would be in danger.

Of course, he still had many trump cards, but he couldn't use them all. That would put him in great danger.

"Let's see how this Dou Nineteen is doing."

Gu Chensha guessed. "He has lost the Sovereign Dao Gourd and Heavenly Weapon. It's not realistic for him to kill the devil beasts in the Devil Domain again. Of course, he can also split out many incarnations to kill the devil beasts. Their speed isn't slow, but there are many dangers. If his main body split out so many incarnations, his magic power would be insufficient, and it would be very unwise in the Devil Domain." Gu Chensha was still not prepared to act. He was very patient.

This time, he had gained a huge advantage. He had obtained enough resources, so he wasn't in a hurry. If he could suppress Dou Nineteen in a battle of wits and courage, then it would show that his intelligence and strength were superior to Dou Nineteen's in all areas.

He was the 19th son of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, and Dou Nineteen was the 19th son of the Victorious Battle Heavenly Venerate.

The two of them could be said to have clashed in the unseen world. They had to fight to determine the victor.

Gu Chensha had a huge advantage in the first round. He calmed down and waited patiently for the second opportunity. Whoosh!

At this time, Dou Nineteen thought for a while and put away the sacrificial altar. He no longer killed the devil beasts, but flew deeper into the Devil Domain.

After another hour, he arrived at an ancient and abandoned demon palace. There were thick dark iron pillars everywhere, and there were also huge stones carved with all kinds of demon god statues. There were no valuable treasures here. In the many years of history, even if there were treasures, they would have been plundered by the experts of the demon race.

This kind of abandoned Demon Palace could be found everywhere in the Demon Domain, and it was not rare at all. The Demon Domain had a very long history, and the battles were also very intense. There were powerful experts who established Demon Palaces, and they flourished for a period of time. But in the blink of an eye, they were all killed by others. Time passed very quickly in the Fiend Race. Even Demon God-level experts were in danger of dying.

Because of this, there were also experts among the Devil Race who comprehended the mysteries of time.

Gu Chensha had entered the Demon Domain many times and found that the Demon Race's ordinary monsters were very complicated. They had their own races and tribes, and they attacked each other and communicated with each other. There were also trading companies and some civilizations. This was similar to some of the characteristics of the nomads on the grasslands.

For many years, to the people of the Divine Central Continent, the barbarians and the grasslands were as terrifying as the fiends. Whenever they invaded, there would be carnage.

By observing the lifestyle of the Devil Race, the trade between the tribes, and the conflicts, Gu Chensha gained many insights.

Dou Nineteen stopped in the abandoned Demon Palace and observed the surroundings. He burned a talisman that was used to send messages. Before long, a beam of immortal light descended from the distance. It was even faster than him.

The immortal light revealed a middle-aged male cultivator with jade-green eyes. He was covered in a green robe, and his entire body flickered with jade-green flames. He seemed both righteous and evil at the same time.

"Dou Nineteen, it's actually you." The middle-aged cultivator was alarmed when he saw Dou Nineteen.

"Patriarch Bishu, how have you been in the Demon Domain recently?

Because of something back then, you offended the Six Unity Mystic Gate and the Eight Extremities Mystic Gate. They wanted to kill you and annihilate your sect, but my brother, Dou Yiyuan, put in a good word for you, and only exiled you to the Demon Domain. "

Dou Nineteen said, "I never expected you to have a fortuitous encounter in the Demon Domain and raise your cultivation to your current realm." "Hmph!"

Murderous intent appeared on Patriarch Bishu's face. "Back when I founded the Bishu School, it wasn't one of the seventy-two mystic gates of the immortal dao. But because I obtained that treasure, I became the target of several major sects. They plotted against me, accusing me of colluding with fiendish demons and wiping out my sect. How can I ever let go of this hatred?" "Regardless, my elder brother saved you. It's time for you to repay him," Dou Nineteen said.

"Dou Nineteen, I suspect that what happened back then was orchestrated by your elder brother, Dou Yiyuan. And now that treasure is in Dou Yiyuan's hands, isn't it?" Patriarch Bishu sneered.

"Then that has nothing to do with me." Dou Nineteen waved his hand. "Simply put, do you want revenge or not? If you do, work with me. What do you say? " "No need."

Patriarch Bishu refused flatly. "I've already become the immortal master's disciple. When the immortal master leaves the Demon Domain, he will establish his own sect, subjugate the seventy-two mystic gates of the immortal dao, and become the master of billions of immortals. When that time comes, I will naturally have my revenge. Working with you is like asking a tiger for its skin. " "Immortal master?"

Dou Nineteen frowned. "You really have a lot of confidence in that immortal master of yours? You don't even care about the three Celestial Sovereigns?

Since ancient times, the three Celestial Sovereigns have been in control of the universe. No one has ever dared to defy them.

How about this? If you join me, I'll definitely plead for you in front of my father and let you become his subordinate. From then on, not even the sect leaders of the seventy-two mystic gates would dare to disrespect you. "

"I won't betray the immortal master. Besides, Dou Nineteen, you're one of Celestial Lord Victorious's nineteen sons. Your position isn't very high, and you're far inferior to your elder brother, Dou Yiyuan. What right do you have to plead for me?" Patriarch Bishu sneered. He didn't give Dou Nineteen any face at all.

"Calm down," Dou Nineteen said.

"Actually, it's not like my elder brother and I aren't on good terms. If you're angry at him and want revenge, that's exactly what I want. However, given your current level of cultivation, you probably won't be able to do anything to my elder brother. My elder brother's cultivation base is also at the Saint level. " "The immortal master is completely capable of killing your elder brother."

Patriarch Bishu flicked his sleeves. "You say that the three Celestial Sovereigns are invincible, but they're actually cowards now. The moment the Celestial Talisman Thearch appeared, they went into hiding, afraid of being killed. Dou Nineteen, I know you're full of tricks, but these tricks are like child's play in front of the immortal master. You'd better go back and cultivate for a few more days."

"Bishu, you'll work with me sooner or later. I'll wait for you to contact me." Dou Nineteen frowned. His figure flashed as he left this place. Patriarch Bishu looked at his departing figure and only sneered. Whoosh!

A figure landed beside him, revealing his figure. It was actually Hong Wending who had joined the Calming Immortal Department.

"Hong Wending, the immortal master asked you to join the Calming Immortal Department. Why are you here?" Patriarch Bishu asked.

"Although I've joined the Calming Immortal Department, Zhuge Ya doesn't actually trust me. I'm still in the testing phase. They're just using me to guard the altars in the Demon Region and kill the devil priests. They're squeezing my value dry.

I haven't even come into contact with the core secrets of the Calming Immortal Department, so I can't interfere. "

"Of course. If the Lord of Seven Stars' intelligence could be so easily deceived, then she wouldn't be called the Lord of Seven Stars," said Patriarch Bishu. "The immortal master wants you to work hard. Continue working, and don't slack off." "Got it." Hong Wending and Patriarch Bishu discussed the matter for a moment, then left.

"Immortal Master?"

Gu Chensha had heard a few things, but he didn't have time to think about them. Controlling Hong Wending was Zhuge Ya's doing. Gu Chensha was in charge of tracking down Dou Nineteen and seeing what he was up to.

After leaving, Dou Nineteen didn't linger in the Demon Region. Instead, he flew through the broken seal and left. During this trip to the Demon Region, Dou Nineteen had suffered a crushing defeat.

He couldn't accept it. Gu Chensha knew that Dou Nineteen was a crafty man with all sorts of identities. He was definitely up to no good.

After leaving the Demon Region, Dou Nineteen emerged from the broken seal in the Bottomless Sea of Sin and flew all the way to the former capital.

A few years ago, Grand Emperor Celestial Talisman had stood his ground against all opposition and built a new capital city in the Wildlands outside the pass. The new capital had long since begun operating, and the imperial palace floated in the sky above the clouds. It was many times better than the original imperial palace.

Because the nobility and ministers had all moved away, the former capital city was no longer as prosperous as it once was.

However, this was still the place where the Great Yongchō had flourished. Add to that the fact that the population had increased rapidly over the past few years, and the former capital city hadn't declined.

Another point was that as a node connected to the outside of the Great Wall, this was the first city to have a railway and iron train, so transportation was very convenient.

The former imperial palace still had many eunuchs and palace maids stationed there as a temporary imperial residence. However, many of the important resources had been moved away. When Dou Nineteen reached the sky above the capital city, he directly landed on the central palace.

When Gu Chensha saw the capital city that he had lived in for more than ten years, he felt a surge of emotion in his heart.

He had lived here since he was a child until the summer of the fourteenth year of Celestial Talisman's reign. After obtaining the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, he began to make a fortune and went to the border to resist the barbarians. First, he killed the four great demons, then stole the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple, established his fief, and cultivated all the way. In the blink of an eye, almost ten years had passed, and he had finally reached the current realm.

All of this seemed like yesterday, but the capital city was no longer the capital city of the past. It was both familiar and strange. Time flowed like water, never to return. This was how Gu Chensha felt.