Chapter 764
===========

Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, suppressed all of the Lesser Primordial Qi, rendering all the experts of the Celestial Calmness Department helpless. Even though the Celestial Calmness Department had Heavenly Lord Martial Sage, King of Common Life, and other Heavenly Lord level existences, as well as the Lesser Primordial Tree, as well as the foundation of the world's worshippers, they still couldn't do anything to him. They could only watch as he grabbed at Gu Chensha. At this moment, Gu Chensha's own tribulation was also extremely dangerous. He seemed to be at a disadvantage in the battle against the Heaven Realm's will.

He was no match for the Heaven Realm's will at all. Surrounded by dark clouds, his will could disappear at any moment, let alone resist the attack of Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha.

Gu Tiansha chose this moment to attack. It could be said that he was taking advantage of your weakness to take your life. The large hand grabbed down. Dark clouds gathered above Gu Chensha's head, and it was extremely dangerous.

"Die!"

Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, had a look of victory on his face. He laughed loudly, and his movements became even sharper. An unprecedentedly powerful suction force appeared between his palms. Weng … Gu Chensha was in imminent danger. But at this moment, something strange happened.

The dark clouds above Gu Chensha's head moved. That was the fate of the tribulation, and it was actually attracted by Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, and it was sucked towards his palm.

"Hm?"

Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha's face instantly turned into a look of surprise. "Why is the tribulation coming towards me? Scatter, I don't want your tribulation, I want your Heavenly Dao Art's main body." "Is that so?

Since you want to devour me, then you have to bear my tribulation. Otherwise, my tribulation would have dissipated long ago, and I can't be devoured by you. How can there be such a good thing in this world? You want to devour me, but you don't want to bear my tribulation? "

At this moment, a will appeared in the tribulation above Gu Chensha's head. "This is karma. If you want to devour me, you have to bear my karma. Devour my tribulation first." The black cloud tribulation disappeared into Gu Tiansha's palm.

In the blink of an eye, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, experienced the exact same Tribulations as Gu Chensha's, while Gu Chensha's Tribulations vanished.

Apart from that, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, seemed to be stunned when the tribulation landed on him. His aura disappeared, just like when Gu Chensha was pulled into the dream world by the will of the Heaven Realm.

In other words, in this instant, the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, had shouldered Gu Chensha's tribulation, and was pulled into the dream world to shoulder the calamity for Gu Chensha. At this moment, Gu Chensha opened his eyes. He actually woke up from the dream world.

Originally, he had been besieged by countless powerhouses in the dream world, and his will was about to dissipate. However, at the most critical moment, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, had appeared and wanted to devour him.

Thus, he took on his karma, and he used a secret art to transfer it, causing the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, to be trapped in the dream world, and he found a substitute and escaped.

As soon as he broke free from the shackles of the Heaven Realm, Gu Chensha immediately felt his will, spirit, and all sorts of changes had broken through to the limit.

All sorts of enlightenment came naturally under the operation of his will. The power of the Inexhaustible Umbrella of the 36 treasures was completely fused into his body, and there was no longer any difference between them.

Refining the Inexhaustible Umbrella of the 36 treasures was equivalent to going against the will of the Heaven Realm. The backlash from the Heaven Realm was something that even a Heavenly Venerate would find hard to endure. However, Gu Chensha had succeeded in the end, and this was with the help of the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha.

"God realm, breakthrough!"

At this time, all the secret arts in Gu Chensha's body started to circulate. The huge accumulation was like a flood that had been released, surging and surging, circulating and exploding in countless places in his body. The originally strong and indestructible Heavenly Dao magic power finally condensed again, evolving into waves of world energy. At this time, Gu Chensha naturally advanced to the God realm. Large success stage of the God realm. The change that he had been dreaming of had finally been achieved. The situation had reversed.

Originally, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, had taken advantage of Gu Chensha's tribulation to attack and was about to succeed, but because of his greed, Gu Chensha had taken advantage of this opportunity, causing him to fall into the dream world of the Heaven Realm's will, allowing Gu Chensha to escape and return to the real world.

In this way, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, was instead facing a tribulation, while Gu Chensha's luck was unstoppable. The one who had fallen into a predicament was the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha.

"Minute Dust World, condense!"

Gu Chensha stood up, his aura reaching the heavens and earth, suppressing the nine provinces. Everywhere was filled with his shadow and majestic figure, he could almost cover the Heaven Realm.

In his body, a world was born. Although it was a minute dust world, the power contained in this world was simply like a naked little Heaven Realm. The quality of the world's power surpassed that of a Heavenly Venerable. Even the quality of the Heavenly Longevity Realm's world was far inferior to that of Gu Chensha's.

Each of the Endless 36 Treasures, if completely transformed and accumulated to the limit, would be comparable to the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd. Now, Gu Chensha had completely refined the Infinity Umbrella.

This umbrella itself was formed by the Heaven Realm's will, it could contain the Heaven Realm's power, and even use the Heaven Realm's source for its own use.

Therefore, as soon as he advanced to the God realm, his own minute dust world truly achieved a supreme and invincible change.

In his minute dust world, all kinds of mountains, rivers, and lands evolved. It was a divine continent, and there were also the Four Wildernesses, the Barbarian Wasteland, the Eastern Wasteland, the Desert Wasteland, and the Sea Wasteland.

In his minute dust world, the Four Wildernesses of the divine continent were born, and they were exactly the same. It was a miniaturized version of this region.

Especially the divine continent, it was just like a copy. Compared to the new divine continent that Wan Senshi had refined before, his own little divine continent was many times more perfect. This was Gu Chensha's understanding of the divine continent. The divine continent was in his heart.

As the divine continent changed and operated, it actually resonated with the real divine continent. Waves of the divine continent's power were drawn and injected into his minute dust world, the "Little Heaven Realm." Gu Chensha's power increased again.

In a breath's time, he almost reached a state where there was nothing he couldn't do, nothing he couldn't reach. At this time, he felt that fate had surrendered in front of him, and the chaotic energy was his slave. At any time, a large amount of chaotic energy would automatically enter his world, be refined, decomposed, brewed, and even give birth to the aura of the Connate.

In his minute dust world, the chaotic energy in the sky automatically wriggled like a placenta, and actually began to brew one primordial spiritual treasure after another. Primordial spiritual treasure! That's right, it was a primordial spiritual treasure!

Primordial spiritual treasures were not something that humans could create. Things created by humans were acquired, and primordial spiritual treasures were either born from the Primordial Tree, or they were born from the Primordial Big Bang of the Primordial Era.

There was a big difference between primordial spiritual treasures and acquired treasures. In terms of usage, primordial spiritual treasures were extremely pure, and could merge with the human's Primordial Spirit and will to strengthen the source. Acquired spiritual treasures were much worse. Basically, they were mere worldly possessions that could not be of help to one's cultivation.

But now, Gu Chensha could actually create primordial spiritual treasures, extracting the primordial spiritual energy from the chaos, and condensing it into a primordial spiritual treasure. This was simply shocking and boundless.

At the same time, all the secrets of the Great Massacre Divine Art were no longer illusory in Gu Chensha's eyes. He had come into contact with some of the realms of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian. Even the Heaven Dao Art in his body had begun to stabilize.

In the future, even if the Heavenly Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian fell into a disadvantageous position in the battle against the Heaven Dao, Gu Chensha's Heaven Dao Art would not disappear. Because at this moment, his will had defeated the will of the Heaven Realm, and he had devoured the Infinity Umbrella and the will of the Heaven Realm within it. His will was inherently stronger than the will of the Heaven Realm. This meant that his will could control the Heaven Dao Art. The only thing stronger than the Heaven Realm was the Heaven Dao.

"Great success stage of the God level. At the most crucial moment, Chensha has awakened and defeated the will of the Heaven Realm."

Lou Baiyue let out a long sigh. She was the first to sense it. She was intimately connected to Gu Chensha, and even her Life Reforming Heaven Art was inspired by Gu Chensha's Life Mending Heaven Art. From a certain perspective, her fate was already completely linked to Gu Chensha's fate.

"Alright, now it's Sun Moon Lord Gu Chensha's turn to be unlucky. This time, it's not our Calming Immortal Department's tribulation, but his. If Chensha can devour Sun Moon Lord Gu Chensha, then our Calming Immortal Department's fate will be smooth sailing, and there will no longer be any obstacles or tribulations," Martial Sage Heavenly Venerate said. There was a lot of excitement in his tone.

This was because he could feel that as soon as Gu Chensha advanced, his strength was already above his own. Gu Chensha could easily kill an Empyrean. This was his own strength, not the power of a magic treasure.

It was extremely difficult for someone like Gu Chensha to advance to the God level. It was unknown just how much he had accumulated. Now that he had finally succeeded, his harvest and achievements naturally couldn't be matched by anyone else.

"Little Hongmeng Tree, come!

Life's Wish sphere, compress and fuse with it! "After Gu Chensha stood up, he casually made a grabbing motion. Rumble! Countless amounts of energy erupted from his body.

This energy was like a mountain, like a sea, like a dragon, like a tide, as it directly entered the little Hongmeng Tree.

Originally, this little Hongmeng Tree couldn't contain the dimensional realm of the Life's Wish sphere. However, after Gu Chensha injected his energy into it, the entire dimensional realm was compressed violently. Finally, it became the size of a pellet and hung above the little Hongmeng Tree.

At this moment, the little Hongmeng Tree had become a three-foot-long sapling. There were several fruits hanging on it. These fruits were all worlds: the Taiyi Mystic Sect's Minor Chiliocosm, the Universe Mystic Sect's Minor Chiliocosm, the Wu Clan's Martial Sage Cave, the Longevity God's Minor Chiliocosm, Yuhuan Lu's New Divine Land, and the Gu Chensha's Small Divine Land. Everything had been refined into a three-foot-long sapling.