Chapter 835
===========

Gu Chensha can actually create a Deity Seat. ' . .

In the eyes of an antique like the Great Desolation Patriarch, this was absolutely inconceivable. At the very least, this was the power of the Heavenly Daos, the Emperor Of Heaven.

Even if experts were to appear in large numbers, the Great Desolation Old Man could still be considered an absolute expert. Other than a few people who came from the future Heavenly Court, he stood at the peak of this world. Therefore, his vision and cultivation were definitely not devalued. Currently, the number one expert in the universe was Gu Chensha, Gu Tiansha.

In second place were the Heavenly Kings and the Lord of the Four Desolates. Of course, now that Jing Qiu and Gu Huo were Heavenly Kings, as well as the Lord of the Desolate Desert and the Lord of the Desolate Sea, their strength naturally surpassed that of the Prehistoric Old Man.

The third tier was the Primeval Old Man, Wan Senshi, the three Empyreans, The Great Spirit God, the Immortal Lord, and other Heavenly Longevity Realm old-timers. The fourth tier consisted of some Empyreans.

As for those below the Empyrean level, as the great tribulation approached, there would be more and more of them.

The Great Desolation Old Man had condensed a strand of the Great Chiliocosm in his body. In the future, it was very likely that he would break through to the Heaven Origin Realm, which would allow him to rise to the second tier.

"You are actually so vicious."

Old Man Desolation's face twisted. He knew that what Gu Chensha said was true. Even if the Heavenly Court was established in the future, he would not benefit at all. Instead, he would be a sinner. It was a dead end either way, and it was the kind of death where there was no hope at all.

"Your only way out now is to rely on me, worship my Dao, and abandon your dreams of becoming a Heavenly King of Jin," Gu Chensha said, "Only then will you have a chance of survival. Otherwise, don't blame me for being ruthless."

After saying that, Gu Chensha grabbed again. Instantly, the wind and clouds surged. Endless power was extracted from the depths of the Divine Land Gourd. The Deity Positions of the 360 Saint-level Commanders of Common People became clearer and clearer.

Of course, the waves of sins and tribulations also condensed into physical form. Originally, they should have been directed at Gu Chensha and the 360 Saint-level Great Marshals of Common People. But now, these tribulations and sins were gathered above Elder Primordial Chaos's head, as if they would descend at any moment.

"I'm willing to submit."

In the blink of an eye, Old Man Desolation continued to calculate. Finally, he sighed and said, "I am willing to submit to Immortal Tranquility and change my sacrifice.

However, I have already offered sacrifices to the Raging Desolate Dragon Sect. If I offer sacrifices to the Calming Immortal Department, the Raging Desolate Dragon Sect and the School Jin Heavenly King will immediately appear. " "Don't worry, they won. If I can't do, I'm, I, I, the King, will. I, I," Don't talk nonsense. Let's worship first. "Gu Chensha sneered.

"Yes!"

At this moment, the Great Desolation Old Man had no other choice. He could only prostrate himself, change his mind, and start offering sacrifices to Gu Chensha. Buzz …

Another wave of sacrificial energy erupted from his body. This was the power of a peak Heaven Longevity Realm old-timer, a power that could change the heavens and change the earth.

Even when the ancient Son of Heaven was at his peak, there weren't any Heavenly Longevity Realm old fogies that submitted to him. Not to mention the Heavenly Longevity Realm, there weren't even any Empyreans. Therefore, this sacrificial power was extremely beneficial to Gu Chensha. Rumble!

The sacrificial power was like a heavenly waterfall, surging endlessly. After landing on Gu Chensha's body, it suddenly changed, sucking in and out, and then drilling into the depths of the void.

"This … the sacrificial power has returned to the Great Desolate Dragon Gate …" Old Man Desolation was shocked. "But you did something to the sacrificial power." "That's right."

Gu Chensha snapped his fingers. "You offered sacrifices to me. After I used a supreme technique to condense the sacrificial power, I seized the opportunity and sent it into the Great Desolate Dragon Gate. You didn't betray me at all. Also, after I condensed the sacrificial power, I hid it in the depths of the Great Desolate Dragon Gate. Not only can I find the location of the Great Desolate Dragon Gate, but I can also use it to slowly infiltrate the Great Desolate Dragon Gate.

"So that's your plan …" Old Man Desolation's face was full of bitterness. "If you take the Great Desolate Dragon Gate, you'll become even more powerful, and I'll become a true enemy of the Heavenly Court." "Enemy, huh?"

Gu Chensha flicked his fingers again, and the tribulation floating above Old Man Desolation's head began to change. It turned into multicolored light and entered Old Man Desolation's body.

Suddenly, Old Man Desolation's Universe Power increased by a bit, and his cultivation increased again. He was getting closer and closer to the Heaven Origin Realm.

"I can turn the tribulations of the Heavenly Dao into merit. You should already know that. Back in the depths of the Great Desolate Dragon Gate, I also turned the sins of the Great Desolation Dragon Gate into merit. Now that you've pledged allegiance to me and started offering sacrifices, I naturally have to give you some benefits.

Since you've offered sacrifices to me and turned the sins of the Heavenly Dao into merit, there's no turning back. I'm sure you know that. Now, I'll give you a mission. Go to the Black Heaven Earth Sect's alliance and secretly pledge allegiance to someone. That's how you'll offer sacrifices to her, "said Gu Chensha.

"Who?" Old Man Desolation didn't know what kind of huge plan Gu Chensha was planning.

"Wu Dangkong."

Gu Chensha's eyes sharpened. "This woman has the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree. In the future Heavenly Court, she'll be an extremely powerful character. If my guess is correct, she should be an important concubine under the Emperor Heaven of the future Heavenly Court. She should be awakening some kind of ability now." "Since that's the case, I'll just follow your orders."

Old Man Desolation grew more and more afraid of Gu Chensha. He knew that if he didn't listen to Gu Chensha's orders, he would be unable to live or die. He would have to endure the most unbearable pain, and he would never be able to escape.

"Go." With a wave of his hand, Gu Chensha sent Old Man Desolation out of the Divine Land Gourd.

In the next moment, Old Man Desolation arrived in the Eastern Wasteland. His body shivered. He didn't have any thoughts of betrayal. If betrayal was so easy, the Calming Immortal Department wouldn't have become the Heavenly Court's greatest enemy.

Old Man Desolation understood that as long as he betrayed Qin Wentian, he would die without a burial.

"To think that I've become a chess piece. I was born from the Dragon Gate of the Desolation Era and roamed the ancient times. Even the ancestor of all demons, the North Star Emperor, was my pet. But now, I'm in such a miserable state. I have no choice. Could it be that the Heavenly Mandate isn't on my side?"

Old Man Desolation's heart was filled with sorrow. But he knew that it was useless. Only by completing the mission given to him by Gu Chensha could he live. Within the Black Heaven and Earth Gate.

Wu Dangkong occupied a palace for herself. She was bitterly cultivating. Her current cultivation realm was also at the peak of the Sage Realm. She wanted to break through to the Heavenly Sovereign Realm, but she couldn't.

"Since ancient times, the one who holds the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree is the Son of Heaven. The Son of Heaven is at the peak of the Sage Realm. No Heavenly Sovereign has ever obtained the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree. If I become a Heavenly Sovereign, I'll be able to control the decree and obtain great benefits." Wu Dangkong bitterly cultivated.

"Congratulations, Concubine Ming. You're about to cultivate to the Heavenly Sovereign Realm." A voice rang out.

"Who?"

Wudang Kong's eyes turned in the direction of the voice, and he saw a shadow appear. It was none other than Old Man Desolation.

"You?

How did you get in? The Mystical Gate of Heaven and Earth is sealed with layers of restrictive spells. How could you sneak in? "

Wu Dangkong frowned. Although Old Man Desolation was an ancient hegemon, Wu Dangkong had the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree and the Boundless Heart. She wasn't afraid of him at all.

"The School Jin Heavenly King has already appeared and gained control of the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect. I'm now his subordinate. He has already unsealed all the gods sealed by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor and brought them into the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect.

I'm here today to send my regards to Concubine Ming on behalf of the School Jin Heavenly King. "Old Man Desolation spoke according to Gu Chensha's intentions.

"The School Jin Heavenly King has appeared, and he even took in a sealed true god as his subordinate!" Wu Dangkong was shocked. After that, her expression turned frosty. "Don't call me Concubine Ming."

In Wu Dangkong's eyes, Concubine Ming was an extremely humiliating title. She was forcibly brought into the harem by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. Originally, she wanted to make a name for herself. Unfortunately, she encountered the Calming Immortal Bureau and was suppressed to the point where she couldn't even speak. Now, her reputation among the common people was extremely bad.

"I'm not calling you Concubine Ming of the Yongchō, but the future Concubine Ming of the Heavenly Court, the Concubine of the Emperor Heaven Of Heaven."

Old Man Desolation calmly said, "Otherwise, why would the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree fall into your hands? And why would the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian force you to enter the harem? Could it be that the Concubine still doesn't understand her position? " "What?" Wu Dangkong abruptly stood up. "What did you say? Say it again!"

"The Concubine has already heard it clearly. Why do I have to say it again?" Old Man Desolation stood respectfully.

Wu Dangkong was silent for a long time. After thinking for a long time, she said, "Old Man Desolation, what do you want to do? I already understand my own identity. "

"Naturally, I want to join the Concubine and wait for the birth of the Emperor Heaven Of Heaven. He will establish the future Heavenly Court and reorganize the order of the myriad worlds. In the future, the Concubine will definitely hold great power and glory. Following the Concubine is better than following the School Jin Heavenly King." Old Man Desolation said, "What do you think, Concubine?"

"Old Man Desolation, you're in the Heavenly Longevity Realm. If I don't have you, I'll have the power of the Great Chiliocosm brewing in my body. If you join me, I'll be like a tiger with wings. But how can I trust you? Unless … "Wu Dangkong wasn't a fool. She definitely couldn't trust Old Man Desolation.

"Unless I offer sacrifices to the Concubine."

Old Man Desolation said, "The Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman in the Empress's hands is a good thing, but it's a pity that you need to control a huge amount of sacrificial power to activate its destructive power. Furthermore, the Empress doesn't have her own empire yet, so she can't unleash the talisman's greatest power." This site recommends pictures and videos of beautiful legs in stockings, youthful cheeks, and plump buttocks online! Quickly follow the official WeChat account: meinvtao1 (long press for 3 seconds to copy) to watch!