Chapter 297
===========

It seemed that this was not the first time the market on the border had been attacked by the Demonic Ape. Many of the adventurers and merchant groups in the wooden houses did not panic at all. Instead, they were all beaming with joy, as if they were going to make a fortune again.

Although the demonic ape was fierce, it was in the forest. It used the advantage of the towering ancient trees to come and go like the wind. Humans weren't its match at all. Moreover, it was hard to use arrows in the forest.

However, the adventurers had cut down all the trees at the border of the land. It was hard for the demonic ape to show its advantage on flat land. Moreover, no matter how smart the demonic ape was, it couldn't be compared to humans.

Moreover, the adventurers who could come to this dangerous region weren't fools. They were all experts. Some of them had mid-grade talent, and some even had top-grade talent. There might even be hidden geniuses among them. How could the demonic ape compare to these people?

All sorts of traps, poisons, bows, crossbows, and even fire talisman spears were used to capture the demonic ape.

The demonic ape was expensive, so it was bought by the Scenic Martial Trade Association. Of course, the Celestial Trade Association and the Celestial Trade Association bought it too.

Actually, the demonic ape contained a thin bloodline of the gods, which was useful in refining it. Apart from that, the most important thing was the demonic ape's soul. If it was obtained by an expert who cultivated the primordial spirit, they could refine the soul to make talismans or fuse it into magic treasures to gain spirituality.

For example, for a normal sword to gain spirituality, it had to be placed in a Spirit Gathering Formation for 1,000 years or soaked in Spirit Liquid for 100 years or dripped with Heavenly Dew. However, these weren't as fast as directly refining the soul.

Of course, refining the soul into an artifact required one to cultivate the primordial spirit to leave the body.

At the 14th Transformation of the Dao Realm, after the primordial spirit left the body, the mental energy in the sea of consciousness would turn into primordial spirit power. It could interfere with reality, and this power was unprecedented. Since ancient times, the primordial spirit leaving the body was a huge change.

If Gu Chensha hadn't gotten the Heavenly Dao God Light to charge into his sea of consciousness and increase his mental energy, he would have needed another three to five years to cultivate the primordial spirit.

However, refining the soul into magic treasures was a method of the demonic path. Righteous cultivators did it secretly, but they couldn't do it openly.

However, Heavenly Craft Academy didn't have any misgivings, wantonly doing this kind of thing. In reality, there was nothing wrong with this. These Demonic Apes were evil spirits themselves, cruel and bloodthirsty. Capturing them and extracting their souls to refine into treasures wasn't a big deal.

Gu Chensha came to the edge of his fief mainly to observe the movements of the barbarians, as well as the situation of the adventurers and merchant groups. He wanted to blend in with them and have a taste of what it was like to better comprehend the Life Mending Heaven Technique. Moreover, he had a vague feeling that there might be a fortuitous encounter. Sure enough, he found a fossil of a Vermilion Bird egg. Of course, he didn't act rashly and only paid attention in secret. In any case, apart from him, no one else could refine this Vermilion Bird Fossil Egg.

Of course, unless Wu Dangkong also obtained this item and used his newly learned Son of Heaven's God-Conferring Art and Sun-Moon Dragon Blood, he would be able to hatch it. He just had to keep an eye on the egg and not let Wu Dangkong get it.

"If Wu Dangkong really gets the decree, his cultivation speed will far exceed mine. When I got it, I was poor and had nothing at all. I wasn't even a warrior.

When Wu Dangkong got it, he was already at the 18th or 19th Dao Realm Transformation. With such a foundation, as long as he cultivated a little, he would be able to shock the world. "

If Gu Chensha had obtained the talisman at the 18th Dao Transformation Golden Core Realm, he would have been comparable to Wen Hong now.

Gu Chensha's foundations were too shallow while Wu Dangkong himself was a top talent. In a Saint Family like the Wu Family, he received the best nurturing and development. As such, he couldn't be compared to Gu Chensha. Truthfully speaking, Gu Chensha's current talent was on the same level as Wu Dangkong.

The Devil Apes' attack was instantly destroyed. They didn't even manage to cross the border. The people in the market continued to do business as usual, shouting and yelling. Large merchant groups began to capture the Devil Apes one by one, locking them in cages made of steel and transporting them away in carts.

The market was along the long border and it was filled with people. There were many adventurers and it was bustling with activity. It even extended to other lands.

Gu Chensha's land was Lou Baiyue's land and they were connected to one another, which was Gu Huasha's. The three lands were connected to one another and could help one another.

The army gathered at the border of Gu Chensha's land. Many adventurers and merchant groups from other lands all surged over. Along with war came wealth.

Some were trying to fish in troubled waters, some were truly loyal to the country, and some had ulterior motives. When Gu Chensha observed a person's appearance, he discovered many clues. He had been paying attention to the burly man and realized that he was still in his wooden hut.

He didn't go out to capture the demon apes. Instead, a few people entered his wooden hut and seemed to be choosing something. In fact, they were making contact.

Gu Chensha sent his primordial spirit into the Vermilion Bird egg. Since it was closely connected to his body, he could hear everything clearly.

"Hei Chuan, did the elementary scholar who just came in ask you if he wanted to buy this stone?"

The few people were dressed like warriors and wielded sharp blades and crossbows. Their killing intent surged and they seemed to be in cahoots with Hei Chuan.

"That's right. That elementary scholar was roped in by the Hongyun Games. I gave him ten sets of Horned Dragon Armor and he immediately gave up. "Hei Chuan said.

"You just have to wait for someone to exchange ten sets of Horned Dragon Armor." A warrior said, "This is master's order. Once this person appears, inform master immediately.

Also, keep an eye on the movements of the Hongyun Games, Scenic Objects Chamber of Commerce, Calming Immortal Department and Heavenly Designer Department. " "A storm is brewing here and a war is about to erupt. It is really dangerous."

Hei Chuan said, "If I stay here for too long, I might die. I need to report to the higher-ups and leave this place." "Okay, we will report to the higher-ups." The few warriors cupped their fists and left.

The guy waited for them to leave before standing up and looking around. He scoffed coldly, "Damn, didn't I just offend Venerable Li?

He actually wants me to die here. Luckily, I have a trump card. What is this stone? Why did he want me to sell it here? " "As expected, it is a scheme."

A smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face. He didn't do anything and just waited to see what the person behind him did. The most important thing was to understand what kind of power this guy belonged to.

This wasn't difficult for Gu Chensha. As long as he cultivated to Dao Realm 12 Transformation Soul Snatching, he would be able to forcefully enter one's mind and read one's memories.

Moreover, Gu Chensha made several deductions. Since this was a conspiracy, then the Vermillion Bird egg that the burly man was selling might not be the real Vermillion Bird egg. It might be a trap refined by some almighty being.

Since he thought about this, Gu Chensha wasn't in a rush. He was thinking about whether or not he could use a plan within a plan. He immediately informed Zhuge Ya.

Zhuge Ya's methods were really exquisite and mysterious. With him coming up with a plan, it was definitely safe.

"Young Master Chen, what are you thinking about?"

The female cavalry Yao Lian waited and didn't attack. When she saw that the demon apes were captured, her eyes shone brightly.

"I'm thinking that under the drive of profit and the general trend, people are willing to sacrifice themselves for the sake of profit. If there's no such thing as profit and only righteousness, will there still be so many people coming to the border?" Gu Chensha sighed. "Since ancient times, righteousness is not as good as profit?

There are very few people who sacrifice their lives for righteousness, but there are many who sacrifice their lives for benefits. As for who is right and who is wrong, I don't know. "

"Young Master Chen travels the world to increase your knowledge. You also care about the common people and discuss knowledge. You are a true scholar."

The female knight Yao Lian repeatedly praised, "A scholar like Young Master Chen will definitely score high in the imperial examinations in the future. He will pass the imperial examinations and enter the imperial court as an official. Perhaps he will become the next Fang Lin."

Fang Lin was the model of a scholar. He came from a poor family and was the top scorer in the exam. He was promoted by Heaven Talisman Emperor to be a minister.

"You praise me too much."

Gu Chensha cupped his fists, "The world is undergoing unprecedented changes. Entering the court might not be a good thing. Maybe there will be more opportunities among the people."

Just as the two were talking, a knight suddenly reported from outside, "Young Master Lie Han of the Scenic Martial Chamber of Commerce has sent an invitation, asking the Incense Master to go and have a chat. He wants to discuss cooperation. " "Give me the invitation." The female cavalry Yao Lian said.

The cavalry respectfully took the invitation. Yao Lian opened it and looked at it. A cold smile appeared on her face, "This Scenic Martial Merchant Company has become arrogant recently, but they do have many good things. Since that is the case, I will go to the banquet. Does Young Master Chen want to see it? " "I am willing to broaden my horizons." Gu Chensha bowed. A small bazaar, but entangled with various forces and plots, had a different taste.

Yao Lian took the invitation and led a group of cavalry to another bazaar dozens of li away. The rows of wooden houses in the bazaar were extremely tall. Many cavalry in horned dragon armor patrolled back and forth. The security was extremely tight.

This was one of the bases of the Scenic Martial Merchant Company at the border. Along the long border, the Scenic Martial Merchant Company had hundreds of such bases.

"Hongyun Xiangzhu Yao Lian is here."

As soon as they arrived at the entrance, the warriors of the Scenic Martial Merchant Company shouted and moved aside. Someone led the way and they went straight to the center without stopping. After dozens of breaths, Gu Chensha's group stopped in a hall made of giant wood.

At this time, the so-called "Young Master Lie Han" of the Scenic Martial Merchant Company was talking to someone. No, it was not a person, but an old ape wearing human clothes.

This old ape's whole body was covered in white fur that glowed with a metallic luster. Only on the top of its head was a tuft of blood-red fur. It did not look like an immortal, but a murderous aura.

"Lie Han, you actually colluded with the Demon Ape …" The female cavalry Yao Lian was shocked. She could already see that this old ape was a peerless expert among the Demon Apes.

Seeing this situation, Gu Chensha's heart flashed with killing intent. The Demon Barbarians and the imperial court were absolute enemies, and they were extremely cruel to the common people. The Scenic Martial Merchant Company and the Tranquil Immortal Department were absolute enemies of the imperial court. But now that they were colluding with the Demon Barbarians, it was an act of betrayal. The nature was completely different.