Chapter 84
==========

The ground was covered in rotten leaves that had accumulated for who knew how many years, turning into a deep mud. Not only would one sink in when one stepped on it, but there was also a rotten gas that spread out. The gas was also poisonous.

But the Horned Dragon Armor had the ability to filter poison, so breathing in the armor was all fresh air.

This was also the most amazing part of the armor and it was something that many other armors couldn't compare to.

"King, I heard that you contacted Long Yuyun and Cold Jade Dew. Where are they now?" Si Xiang, Mei Xiang, and Xue Xiang all wore armor and followed beside Gu Chensha.

The three of them had weird gazes as they looked at Gu Chensha, who was wearing the Great Dragon Armor. They knew how amazing it was.

The Great Dragon Armor was formed from numerous dragon scale-like scales. They were the size of copper coins and they wriggled together. They seemed to have grown together with his flesh and blood, forming a complete body. What was even more amazing was that the armor could actually turn into wings on his back and charge into the clouds.

Apart from that, when Gu Chensha was attacked, the scales would spin at high speeds and slice all sorts of things into pieces. Apart from that, the scales could actually fly out of his body and kill enemies within 100 steps.

Within the scales was a thick layer that protected Gu Chensha. Even if the scales flew out, he would have a really strong ability to protect himself.

"What armor is this? It is much stronger than Princess' Cold Dragon Armor. I heard that Dashi Marquis gave him the Horned Dragon Armor, but it isn't as strong as Princess's.

That is a normal Horned Dragon Armor. Princess's Cold Dragon Armor has 10,000 years of cold energy and can freeze anything that gets close. But this armor doesn't look like a normal Horned Dragon Armor. "

What San Xiang didn't know was that Gu Chensha used large amounts of Sky Dew and his own Sun and Moon Refinement to upgrade the Horned Dragon Armor. With this armor, even Dao Realm Transformation Six wouldn't be able to do anything to him.

"My plan is to capture the leader first."

Gu Chensha said, "You've all seen the map, the final destination of my army is the Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos. As long as we can conquer this temple and use it as a stronghold, we will be able to attract many people to live there. Finally, we will be able to subdue the surrounding barbarian tribes.

Therefore, Long Yuyun and Cold Jade Dew will advance from the other side. We will try our best to go deep into the mountains and dense forests. We will not come into contact with the Barbarian tribes. We will hide in the depths of the forest not far from the Demonic Ape Temple and wait for an opportunity to act. "

"We don't have many people, that's all we can do." Three Incenses nodded. "We don't know how many tribes there are along the way, it's impossible to sweep through them one by one.

As long as we wipe out one tribe, I'm afraid dozens of tribes will find out and send their experts to encircle us, causing us to be exposed. "

"We're already here. If we move forward, we'll reach the settlement of a barbarian tribe. There are hundreds of thousands of people in this tribe, and it's quite prosperous."

The army finally passed through the forest and arrived at an open space. Everyone sat down and rested. There was a small stream next to them, but it was enough to wash the dirt off their armors. Gu Chensha took out the map and said, "However, I want to go around this tribe and advance towards this direction on the map. Then, I'll walk through the forest and reach this place."

His finger moved inch by inch on the map. "After we reach this place, we can rest and reorganize. We can meet up with Long Yuyun and Cold Jade Dew's people. After that, we can discuss how to attack the Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos. "

On the map, there was a temple in the mountains far away. That was the Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos. Gu Chensha's plan was to meet up in the mountains not far away from the temple, gather their strength, and take the opportunity to kill the experts in the temple. This was not impossible. With Yi Ming, Long Yuyun, and Cold Jade Dew's experts working together, there might be a chance.

"According to our current marching speed, we still need a month to reach the mountains around the temple." Liu Yu also came up to look at the map. "Maybe we should do something during this month." "There is no need."

Gu Chensha waved his hands and a cold smile appeared on his face. "We know the various barbarian tribes like the back of our hands. There are experts in the barbarian race who know everything about us.

I am the weakest out of all the princes, so there might be barbarian race experts hunting us down. When that happens, it will be the best time for us to train. In this forest, the barbarian race can only send experts. They can't send a large army to encircle us. This will give us a chance. No matter how many come, they will all die. "

The barbarian race's understanding of him was limited to him killing the four old demons. They didn't know that his trump card was Yi Ming.

Moreover, to enter the forest to kill people, one didn't need to be afraid of poisonous bugs and miasma. One had to be at the fourth transformation to swallow gold and turn into stone.

That was because the third transformation could block poisonous bugs, but it couldn't block the miasma.

At the fourth transformation, one's organs would be like a furnace. Metal and stone would melt, but they wouldn't be able to block any poison.

At the first and second transformation, one's body would still be made of flesh and blood. Apart from being stronger, getting sick less often, having a longer lifespan, and aging slower, there weren't many other changes. At the third and fourth transformation, one wouldn't be human.

Once one reached the fourth transformation, one would be able to travel through many dangerous environments.

"We have already marched for three days and traveled 1,000 miles. During these few days, none of us have rested, so we will just rest here for a night. "

Gu Chensha gave the order and then suddenly jumped into the forest. With just a few punches and kicks, he broke many trees and tossed them over. He casually cut them into giant wooden stakes and stabbed them into the ground to form a small formation. Then, he smashed the rocks with his fists and gathered soil to form a pile to work with the wooden stakes.

"Done!"

When the last giant wooden stake was stabbed into the ground, the air around the 200 people became much fresher. The energy currents spun and everyone felt like they were floating in the air.

"Spirit Gathering Formation!"

The Three Incenses Masters knew their stuff and were stunned. They didn't expect that Gu Chensha would be able to form a Spirit Gathering Formation based on the mountains and veins around in such a short time. How difficult was that? Even if Dao Realm experts could absorb spiritual energy, they were far from being able to lay out a formation.

To lay out a formation, one had to be familiar with the fluctuations of various objects and then combine them to see through the mysteries of the mountains and rivers. It was much harder than cultivating on one's own. Especially this kind of casual arrangement, it showed off one's skill.

When nobles wanted to build a Spirit Gathering Formation in their mansions, they had to hire experts and buy all kinds of precious materials. After accurate measurements, it would take several years to build it. How could they casually arrange it to gather spiritual energy?

From this, it could be seen that Gu Chensha's insight into the nature of objects was so deep that he was probably like a god. Such a person actually hadn't reached the Dao Realm? They all felt that it was unbelievable.

"That's right, this is a Spirit Gathering Formation."

Gu Chensha felt the floating spiritual energy and nodded his head in satisfaction. "We have been marching for a few days and have consumed a lot of energy. Resting for a day will allow the Horned Dragon Armor to be nourished by spiritual energy in the formation. This way, we can replenish our energy and repair the damage."

The Horned Dragon Armor would be worn out. After fighting for a long time and in a harsh environment, it would be slightly damaged. In the end, it would become heavier and heavier and the armor would collapse, losing its spiritual effects.

The way to maintain it was to place it in the Spirit Gathering Formation, where it could be nourished by spiritual energy and repair itself. What was even more extravagant was soaking in the spiritual liquid, where the armor would evolve.

Gu Chensha temporarily set up a Spirit Gathering Formation. Although the spiritual energy was thin, it could greatly relieve the fatigue of marching, treat illnesses, and be beneficial to cultivation.

At that moment, everyone was intoxicated by the faint spiritual energy in the formation. They wore their armor and slept, conserving their energy.

With the Horned Dragon Armor, they could sleep at ease. It was much better than a tent. It could protect them from the cold, moisture, warmth, and even drive away heat. Without a lot of supplies, it was equivalent to having a safe house at all times.

"Master, if you can take out the Glass Jade Body skeleton and suppress it in the formation eye, the density of spiritual energy here will increase by at least ten times," Yi Ming said softly.

"The Three Fragrances are here. They are Lou Baiyue's people, so I naturally can't take them out. Otherwise, it will be revealed. "

Gu Chensha was still wary of Lou Baiyue. He felt that it was best not to let others know about his trump card. "So, if there are barbarian experts who come to kill us, try not to do anything. Let me deal with them. Now that I have the Great Dragon Armor, I won't be easily killed." "Yes, Master.

But if a Dao Realm Transformation Four expert comes, your Demon Descending Blade won't be able to break his skin. Attacks are useless against him. "Yi Ming frowned," Should I attack or not? " "Depends on the situation."

Gu Chensha thought about it and agreed. At Dao Realm Transformation Three, one had copper skin and iron bones. Their organs were weak, but they could still be injured. At Transformation Four, one would swallow gold and turn into stone. Their internal and external were one, and they were almost indestructible. At least with his current strength, even if he used Sun Moon Kill, it would be useless. Unless he advanced to Dao Realm and the strength of Sun Moon Kill increased once more.

"Master, I just thought of something. When we reach the vicinity of the temple, we will not be in a hurry to ambush the elites. Instead, we will find the Dragon Transformation Pool and steal the Dragon Transformation Liquid within it. This is a secret of the Barbarian Tribe. The Barbarian Tribe cultivates elites and refines their transcendent treasures. The Barbarian Tribe gathers spiritual energy and condenses it into spiritual liquid. Then, with the addition of countless heavenly treasures and the blood of ancient beasts, they also offer sacrifices to evil gods to obtain divine water.

Although the effects aren't as pure as Heaven Dew, it can still cause treasures and weapons to improve quickly. If Master steals it and soaks the Great Dragon Armor in it to suck its essence dry, it might evolve into the King Dragon Armor!

Not to mention, Master's subordinates can increase their potential and their cultivation will increase. Their Horned Flood Dragon Armor might turn into the Horned Dragon Armor! "Yi Ming thought about the key point.

"There is actually such a good thing?" Gu Chensha was delighted, "I am good at stealing. Even you can't beat me." What he said was the truth. With the Sun Moon Altar, it was like he was being helped by the gods.

If he could really steal the Dragon Transformation Liquid, his overall strength would increase by leaps and bounds.