Chapter 1031
============

Mister Wuxin

"Gu Chensha, you … my every move is under your control?"

Emperor Long Zai Tian was terrified. He was the Emperor of Dragon Sky Dynasty, and he was going to unify the entire universe. All the sects, races, countries, and spaces in the Eternal Continent were going to be under his rule. He was even planning to harvest the power of Heavenly Dao. Once he succeeded, he would become an expert of Heavenly Dao Realm, and he would have absolute control over this universe.

It could be said that his current strength even surpassed that of Emperor Heaven Realm who was born in Endless Land.

However, he was still very weak in front of Gu Chensha. He could clearly feel that Gu Chensha could reduce him to an ordinary person at any time, or turn him into a beast or even elixir.

Gu Chensha's ferocious might had spread across all the universes. An expert like Emperor Long Zai Tian naturally knew about it.

"Tell me, what are you going to do?"

Gu Chensha did not want to waste time with Long Zai Tian. Long Zai Tian did not cultivate the Dragonless Mantra. He was not originally a person who was condensed by the fate energy of this universe. It was just that Mister Wuwu and Long Xiangtian entered this universe to make arrangements, causing the fate energy of the universe to gather on Long Zai Tian. Long Zai Tian was able to enjoy his current position.

Logically, the Child of Fate of Eternal Land, the Child of Heavenly Dao, should belong to the person who cultivated the Dragonless Mantra, not someone like Long Zai Tian who only knew how to plunder and did not contribute anything to the universe.

Actually, this was also Mister Wuwu's plan. Mister Wuwu's actions were to completely destroy Gu Chensha's plan and reduce the number of people who cultivated the Dragonless Mantra.

From Mister Wuwu's point of view, the people who cultivated the Dragonless Mantra were actually breaking the law of conservation of energy. In the future world, it would completely cause the whole world to collapse. In the end, everything would be irreversible. All karma, fate, space-time and matter would be pulled into an invisible abyss.

"I am willing to listen to your arrangements."

After thinking for a while, Long Zai Tian could only lower his head. He knew that if he didn't lower his head, he would immediately die. He would lose everything, and he would be in a state where he couldn't even beg for death.

"Very good. In that case, you should now cultivate the Dragonless Cultivation Technique and create a new world. Return the things that you stole from the world in the past. Everyone's cultivation base should belong to themselves. You should not absorb the cultivation base of others."

Gu Chensha patted Long Zai Tian's head, "Dragonless Heart Sutra, comprehend the ages, abandon everything, start all over again." Buzz buzz buzz buzz …

In an instant, all of Long Zai Tian's cultivation base dissipated. His cultivation base had already reached the Ancestor Realm. How vast was the Ancestor Realm? It was the eighth level of the Immortal Realm, the Immortal Realm.

All of these dissipated cultivation bases fused into the Eternal Mainland. Instantly, there were many fundamental changes occurring in the depths of the Eternal Mainland. Countless miraculous encounters were gradually born, and many ordinary people had obtained tremendous miraculous encounters. This was just like the Endless Mainland's Miraculous Encounter Blowout back then. There were countless heroes, ambitious, and powerful figures that were born at this moment.

As for Long Zai Tian, who had dissipated his cultivation base, he was just an ordinary person who had lost all of his powers. He was extremely fearful, but there was nothing he could do about it. At this moment, Gu Chensha pointed out once more. All of the profoundness of the Dragonless Heart Sutra were transmitted into the depths of his mind. It was as though a small hole had been opened up within Long Zai Tian's heart as a massive amount of power gushed out, filling the entire surroundings with a dense Spirit Qi.

But just at this moment, a black light shone out from the depths of his heart. The heart that had just been opened up was sealed up once more.

"Huh?"

Gu Chensha's face changed slightly before he laughed out, "Good fella! That Mister Wu Wu is powerful indeed. To think that he would use a seal to seal the heart of a person, such that it would be impossible for a person to give birth to a mighty Spirit Power. That's the true meaning of preventing anyone from cultivating the Dragonless Heart Sutra. That's truly vicious indeed."

He knew that this Mister Wu Wu had also cultivated Level 9 of the Undying Realm. Although he could undo the seal that he had laid down, the moment he did so, he would definitely be detected by this man.

Once he reached Level 9 of the Undying Realm, he would have the qualifications to stand on equal footing with Gu Chensha.

"My greatest enemy is this man. He has yet to fully emerge into the world. Once he does, it won't be an easy task for me to kill him. Let's start plotting now.

Since you want to seal him, I'll not destroy this seal then. I'll make a detour. The mighty Spirit Power of a living being has to awaken eventually. Even if I seal him, it won't be of any use. "

Gu Chensha tapped once more and another hole appeared. He bypassed the seal and allowed Long Zai Tian to cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra.

"Long Zai Tian, now that you have cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, what do you think?" Gu Chensha asked.

"This is just too magical."

Long Zai Tian's current cultivation was only at Dao Realm 19 Transformation, Size Manipulation Realm, but his body felt really comfortable. The feeling in his heart far exceeded that of when he was at Ancestor Realm. "This feeling is like coming out from a family with many restrictions and finally obtaining the aura of freedom. Although in that family, there were all sorts of rules and restrictions. Now that I have finally left the family, although I have to eat simple food and drink, I can do whatever I want. I have broken out of the cage and am truly free. How comfortable, is this transcendence? " Long Zai Tian was really happy.

Actually, those who cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra would all feel this kind of happiness. That was the feeling of being completely free and not having to rely on others.

Indeed, after cultivating the Dragonless Heart Sutra, one didn't need to rely on others and didn't need to rely on the world of karma and fate. Everything was self-sufficient and all the energy came from the depths of one's heart. This kind of carefree and comfortable feeling was definitely not something that could be described with words.

"You have successfully cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra and it was all because of my assistance. But it doesn't matter, the Dragonless Heart Sutra is just a key to open the door in the depths of your heart, allowing the mighty and boundless energy to gush out and manifest itself in this world."

Gu Chensha nodded. "Next, you have to cultivate bitterly and one day, you will be able to completely break the seal and refine the energy that Mister Wu Wu left in your body. From there, you will be free from his restraints. At that time, you will truly be free. Next, you will truly receive the care of the entire Heaven Dao World. "

Gu Chensha's body moved and he warned Long Zai Tian. Then, he disappeared and left the universe of Eternal Continent.

The moment he left the Eternal Continent, Long Zai Tian's cultivation broke through once more. Celestial energy appeared around his body. He had reached the 20th transformation of the Dao Realm. The Heavenly Dao also changed and resonated with Long Zai Tian. Gu Chensha was setting up a trap.

If Long Zai Tian broke the seal, it would mean that Mister Wu Wu's plan had completely failed. At that time, Mister Wu Wu would suffer a huge loss. This was a loss of principles. At that time, Gu Chensha wouldn't have to waste any energy to seal Mister Wu Wu. Moreover, Gu Chensha could even enlighten Mister Wu Wu and make him believe in his Dragonless Heart Sutra.

"The Dragonless Heart Sutra is really profound …" After Gu Chensha left, Long Zai Tian continued to improve. In just a short while, he had actually merged with the Heaven Dao and reached the Celestial Lord Realm.

However, at that moment, another person suddenly appeared beside him. This person was wearing a black cloak, and his entire body was covered in the cloak. There was only a black aura supporting the cloak. It was as if this person did not exist.

"Mister Wu Wu …" Long Zai Tian was shocked and his body started to tremble. Gu Chensha had just left and now Mister Wu Wu had returned. This definitely wasn't a good thing.

"I am not Mister Wu Wu, I am Mister Wu Xin." The black-cloaked person said in a cold voice, "However, Mister Wu Wu being with me is not bad. You actually dared to betray us. What punishment do you deserve? "

"I … I …" Suddenly, Long Zai Tian became unyielding. "I don't care if you are Mister Wu Wu or Mister Wu Xin. In reality, you are both traitors. Right now, the only master in the universe is Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra has created a whole new era. Your fallacious reasoning could deceive me in the past, but now that I have cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, I know how carefree it is. That is true freedom, the liberation of great freedom, and it is eternal. So, if you still want to tempt me, that's absolutely impossible."

"In that case, I can only destroy you and create a new Emperor to carry out our ideals in the Eternal Continent." Mister Wu Xin shook his head and suddenly extended his hand. Bang!

Without any suspense, Long Zai Tian exploded into dust in the blink of an eye. Everything was destroyed. Not a single trace of his existence remained in this world. This was Mister Wu Xin's power. Then, Mister Wu Xin's body transformed into Long Zai Tian and he began to call his subordinates.

"Your Majesty, what's the matter?" A few subordinates entered. "What are your orders?"

"Pass down my order. Begin the grand plan to conquer the universe. The Eternal Continent will soon be in my hands. Apart from this, I have created a mental cultivation method called the Heartless Heart Sutra. Spread this mental cultivation method for everyone to cultivate. Anyone who does not cultivate this mental cultivation method must die, and their bodies will be destroyed. Also, go and find out who cultivates the Dragonless Heart Sutra. Capture them and bring them to the palace. I have a use for them."

Long Zai Tian, who was Mister Wu Xin's emperor form, said, "Of course, you might not have enough strength to handle this matter. I will increase your strength now."

As he spoke, Mister Wu Xin's hands moved. Instantly, the hearts of these subordinates disappeared and were replaced by pitch-black black holes. These black holes continuously absorbed everything, including the source of time, space, karma, fate, and everything else.