Chapter 424
===========

The tornado wasn't gentle. It was extremely violent, as though it could melt gold and stone and refine everything. It wrapped around Gu Chensha, and countless wind blades slashed at him, but they couldn't do anything to him.

If he hadn't been tempered by the cosmic thunder pool, the power of the tornado might have made him suffer a little. It would have been very uncomfortable.

"This must be the Yin Yang Ghost Ape seeing through my cultivation and activating this wind to take me down a notch. These three divine apes aren't good people. They didn't expect me to have predicted this. "Gu Chensha sneered inwardly.

The tornado was activated just right. If it had been at the cultivation level of the Yin Yang Ghost Ape, it would have been very uncomfortable, but it wouldn't have been fatal. This wasn't the way to treat a guest.

The tornado wrapped around Gu Chensha for dozens of breaths before stopping. The haze in front of him dissipated, and he fell into a huge cave.

The cave was the color of ancient stones. There was nothing fancy about it, just rocks that had been covered in dust for a long time. There were also traces of time and changes left behind by the vicissitudes of time.

The cave was huge, and one couldn't see the end. It was obviously a space that wasn't man-made, but naturally formed. A natural grotto-heaven. This was a real grotto-heaven. There was another world inside the cave. There were plants growing in the huge cave.

It was a tree that was as tall as a few people, but it seemed to have been struck by lightning. There were no leaves, and the branches were scorched black. The trunk seemed to have been carbonized, and there was no vitality. However, there was a familiar aura coming from the tree.

"Heavenly Demon Tree!" Gu Chensha was shocked because he realized that this was the Heavenly Demon Tree.

However, this Heavenly Demon Tree was a wreckage with no vitality. It had clearly met with a calamity in ancient times, and the three divine apes had somehow obtained it. They had planted it here and used secret arts to refine it, trying to restore its vitality, but to no avail.

This wreckage couldn't be restored. First, the three divine apes didn't know the secret arts in the Heavenly Demon Book and knew nothing about how to refine the Heavenly Demon Tree. Second, they hadn't obtained the bloodlines of the North Star, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, Azure Dragon, and White Tiger.

Third, it was simple. They hadn't obtained a Connate Earth-Law Spirit Treasure like the Central Wutu Great Virtue Flag, so they couldn't awaken the vitality of the land.

The wreckage of the Heavenly Demon Tree was planted in a pond, which was filled with a milky white liquid.

"Milk of the Earth."

As soon as Gu Chensha saw it, he could tell that it was a treasure. It was Earthmilk, a treasure that couldn't be concocted by humans. Instead, it was congealed from the energy of the earth. It was similar to milk, and required millions upon millions of years to be congealed.

If this treasure could be combined with the Heavenly Dew, it would be the fusion of heaven and earth, creating the most mysterious thing.

The Heavenly Dew was not something that humans could refine. It was obtained through the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. Even the current Gu Chensha could not obtain the Heavenly Dew without the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman.

The Heavenly Dew and Earthly Milk combined into one. It was rumored that it could also change one's aptitude.

Gu Chensha had been in contact with the Profound Immortal Dao Sects for a long time, and the Calming Immortal Department had also received a lot of taxes from many second and third-rate sects, but none of them had Mother Earth's Milk. Not to mention that such a good thing was extremely rare, even a single drop was extremely precious.

If the Immortal Dao Sects had a fortuitous encounter, they would definitely consume it themselves or refine it into medicinal pills. Now that there was so much Mother Earth's Milk, even Gu Chensha could not help but be tempted.

Lou Baiyue had excavated the tomb of the ancient Tian Zixu and obtained a lot of heavenly dew. There was still some left, and if he combined it with the Mother Earth's milk, he could create a lot of spirit herbs. Combined with the incomplete Raising Dragon Heart Sutra that Gu Chensha obtained last time, he could let the disciples of the Calming Immortal Department cultivate it. Many of them could quickly increase their aptitudes to high-grade.

The true Dragon Raising Cultivation Technique came from the Dragon Gate of the Great Desolate Eon. Gu Chensha had obtained the incomplete Dragon Transformation Pagoda from Yuan Sha and the incomplete Cauldron Transformation Pagoda from the Ancient Underworld Underwater Dwelling. When the two were combined, this cultivation technique showed some profundities. If it was given to disciples to cultivate, those disciples could change their aptitude and become high-grade after a long time. Completing the cultivation of the Dragon Raising Cultivation Technique could make one a genius. However, this complete cultivation technique was in the hands of the Martial Emperor.

The Martial Emperor had disappeared after his resurrection. No one knew where he was hiding. Gu Chensha knew that this person must be hiding to recover his strength. After all, his current strength was not enough for him to dominate the world.

A voice rang out, "Kid, you've been staring at the Heavenly Demon Tree for so long. Do you have ulterior motives?" Gu Chensha looked around.

In this huge cave, the first thing that came into view were three apes. One of the apes was dark green in color and had no fur. Instead, it was glossy like jade. It was old and tall, and its body revealed an ever-changing and unfathomable aura. Obviously, it was the Thousand Transformation Stone Ape. The other old monkey was the Yin-Yang Ghost Ape. Its body was alternating between black and white, and there was a giant monkey whose entire body was golden, as if it was forged from gold. It was dozens of feet tall, like a small mountain. Without a doubt, this was the King Kong Fighting Ape.

However, it was not these three great apes that were mentioned. Below them, there were some other apes.

Amongst them was the current chief of the ape race, Ape Huang, and Yuan Shasheng. Apart from that, Gu Chensha also saw the Great Ape King that he had nearly killed.

Apart from the Great Ape King, the other nine Great Ape Kings of the Ape Tribe — Blood Ape King, Golden Ape King, Wise Ape King, Empty Ape King, Light Ape King, Wise Ape King, Violent Ape King, Martial Ape King, and Star Ape King — were all here.

Apart from that, there were also some ape race experts and unknown cultivators gathered in the cave. The lowest level was the Great Dao Realm Golden Core of the 18th Transformation. Without reaching Golden Core, one didn't have the right to come here.

"There are so many experts in the ape race."

Gu Chensha glanced around and roughly understood the situation. In the depths of the cave, there were many monkeys sitting upright, and there were probably more than a thousand of them. The overall strength of the ape race could be compared to the top 10 of the 72 celestial sects.

Of course, this was when the Chaotic Demon Ape God was still around. Now that the ape was sealed, the ape race had lost this high-end combat strength. They were at a disadvantage and their overall strength had dropped by a lot. But in the middle layer, the ape race was still the strongest.

Moreover, the Land of Endless Land was huge and there were places that had yet to be explored. There would definitely be ape race members. The experts in the cave didn't represent all of the ape race.

The one who spoke was the ape race leader, Ape Huang. This monster had suffered a huge loss at the hands of Gu Chensha and was really angry.

"Three god apes, you invited me here to sign an agreement to join our Calming Celestial Agency and pay taxes for 100 years. You also want to send experts to listen to our orders to defend against the demon disaster. Why?

Is this how you treat your guests? "Gu Chensha didn't care about Ape Huang and looked towards the Yin Yang Ghost Ape. The Yin Yang Ghost Ape was the one who invited him.

"Kid, calm down."

The Yin Yang Ghost Ape grinned, "I didn't expect your strength to increase so quickly in just a month. It has exceeded my expectations.

It seems like you are prepared and you aren't rash. Not bad, I invited you here to negotiate and sign an agreement. But after our discussion, we still need to discuss the terms. " "Then what are the terms?" Gu Chensha laughed coldly in his heart.

"Yuan Shasheng, you say it." The Yin Yang Ghost Ape instructed Yuan Shasheng.

Although Yuan Shasheng was human, he was the chosen representative of the Chaotic World Demon Ape and had an extremely high status in the ape race.

"The terms are as follows."

Yuan Shasheng stood up and looked coldly at Gu Chensha. "First, our ape race will not pay taxes to the Calming Celestial Agency. We are the demon race, not immortals. Your Calming Celestial Agency has nothing to do with demons.

Second, the Calming Celestial Agency will pay a protection fee to our ape race every year and we will not invade your great Yongchō territory.

Third, your Calming Celestial Agency will hand over the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, Black Tortoise, and Gou Chen bloodlines, as well as all the secret arts of the Heavenly Demon Tome. Other than that, you will uproot that fully cultivated Heavenly Demon Tree and give it to us as a gift in exchange for eternal peace.

Fourth, we will drop the matter of us dealing with the Devils. The Devilbane is inevitable, and we will wait and see. We will not participate.

Of course, if you humans can't take it, you can ask for our protection. However, you will still have to pay tribute, and you will have to be our slaves. You will have to do a number of things for us.

Fifth, from the moment the agreement is signed, we will have to send people into the Calming Celestial Agency to become officials in the imperial court. The ape race will have a higher status than humans, and every human who sees an ape will have to kowtow.

Sixth, all humans will have to worship the Chaotic World Demon Ape God, the Thousand Transformations Stone Ape God, the Yin Yang Ghost Ape God, and the Vajra Battle Ape God. Every village, town, county, prefecture, provincial capital, and prefecture must have a temple. At the same time, every household must worship them three times a day in the morning and in the evening, or they will be killed without mercy. "

After saying these six conditions, Yuan Shasheng's hand shook and a piece of paper appeared in front of him. The six conditions were clearly written on it.

Yuan Shasheng raised the agreement and walked over. "Gu Chensha, what do you think of this agreement? If you don't have any objections, then sign it. However, it doesn't matter if you don't sign it. We have plenty of ways to make you sign it. "

"These demons really don't know what's good for them. It seems I was too kind in the past. The ancient sages were right. Those who aren't of my race are bound to have different hearts. There's no way to appease them. Outsiders have power, not virtue. Demons are demons. "

Although Gu Chensha had long since anticipated this outcome, he was still infuriated. These six conditions were not for negotiation, but for extermination and humiliation.

That was especially true of the last condition. All human households, villages, and towns had to worship the Four Great Apes three times a day in the morning and in the evening, or they would be killed without mercy. That was a humiliation that came from the depths of the soul.