Chapter 314
===========

In ancient history, there were a few Dharma treasures that were born purely for killing, and the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Dagger was one of them.

This treasure was invincible and could cut through anything. It was first born in the Primordial Tree and condensed into a gourd. When the gourd was opened, a flying dagger would fly out. It was first plucked from the Primordial Tree by a Demon Sage of the Golden Crow Clan.

The Golden Crow Clan was known as the Children of the Sun. They were abnormally powerful and could burn mountains and boil seas.

Later, this gourd fell into the hands of the three Heavenly Venerables because of the many battles between the Fiendgods and Demons.

However, many mysteries contained in this Dharma treasure had been recorded in the Book of Heavenly Fey. As long as the Heavenly Fey Tree was refined, this gourd would condense and release the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Dagger.

Of course, this refined Dharma treasure was a Postnatal Dharma treasure and was far from being comparable to the one plucked from the real Primordial Tree. However, it was still powerful and could slay gods and ghosts.

Condensing this treasure required a lot of effort. Gu Chensha should not have refined it at this time. Fortunately, there were endless fiendmonsters gathering. Even the Rainbow Demon Vine could not absorb them all at once. He could use the excess soul blood essence that could not be absorbed to condense the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Dagger into the gourd.

He felt that something was wrong, so he secretly refined this Dharma treasure with the strongest offensive power. Buzz buzz buzz …

As the gourd condensed, all the nutrients of the Rainbow Demon Vine seemed to be snatched away and gathered violently in the gourd.

In fact, if he condensed this gourd now, it would instantly suck away all the vitality of the Rainbow Demon Vine, causing the vine to die and the refining of the Dharma treasure to fail.

Fortunately, the countless fiendmonsters and Gu Chensha's mysterious Astral Energy could completely withstand it.

"The two of you, I'll teach you a Sky Fey mystic art. Stay at the edge of my Astral Energy barrier and help me kill the fiends." Gu Chensha sent another psychic will into the depths of the Ximen brothers' sea of consciousness.

The Ximen brothers were overjoyed. They digested this mystic technique in a few breaths and immediately leaped out to kill fiendmonsters at the edge of Gu Chensha's Astral Energy barrier.

What they killed were fiends with extremely high cultivation bases, who could even withstand the attacks of the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine.

The Seven-Colored Demon Vine's strength was only at Dao Realm Transformation Nine. Although it was quick to kill those normal monsters, it was tough to kill those that cultivated Xiantian Energy.

Especially since there were True Demon Kings above Dao Realm Transformation. Even if they fought one on one, they could probably wipe out the Seven-Colored Flower Vine. However, these monsters were blocked by Gu Chensha's Astral Qi barrier and could not come in.

The Seven-colored Demonic Vine looked powerful, but after all, it was not yet mature. Gu Chensha had only planted it for two or three months. How could it become a powerful existence?

Even so, it was still extremely shocking. Even some of the old antiques of the Profound Immortal Dao Sect couldn't refine a magic treasure that could compare to a Dao Realm Ninth Transformation expert in just a few months. All magic treasures required a long time to polish.

"Brother, do you see that Nether Armor Great Demon? He is really strong and actually wants to slice the Seven-Colored Flower Vine's vines." The Ximen brothers arrived at the edge of Gu Chensha's Astral Energy Barrier and locked onto a strong demon.

It was a Nether Armor Great Demon. Apart from its shining armor, there seemed to be flames in its eyes. Its body actually gave off thick Astral Energy. This was the Demon King of the Nether Armor Great Demons. Demon King was pretty much the same as a Dao Realm Glass Jade Body expert.

These fiends were recorded in ancient books as Demon Soldier, Demon General, Demon General, Demon King, Demon Emperor, Demon God, and Demon Saint. Demon Saint was the same as a Saint.

Those below Mortal Realm were all called Demon Soldiers. Those below Dao Realm Transformation Six were called Demon Generals and Demon General was from Six to Eight. Those above Dao Realm Transformation Nine were called Demon Kings. Those who reached Eighteen were called Demon Emperors.

Right now, the Dark Armored Great Demon that was exuding Innate Stellar Energy and had a glazed carapace was undoubtedly a Devil King. It attacked repeatedly with a blood-red saber in its hand. As long as the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine's vines stretched out, it would slash down fiercely, causing the dozens of vines to be unable to pierce through the other monsters.

Apart from that, the Nether Armor Great Demon King continued to use the blade light to try to break Gu Chensha's Astral Energy Barrier. The Ximen brothers aimed at the demon. Sou!

The two of them used their Xiantian Energy together and their speed instantly increased. They charged out of Gu Chensha's Astral Energy Barrier and charged at the Nether Armor Great Demon King.

The Nether Armor Great Demon King sensed danger. The blood-colored blade in his hand drew an arc and aimed at their vitals.

But the two of them split apart. The moment they dodged the blade light, they joined hands once more. Puchi!

An eye-catching light slashed through the darkness and shot right into the Nether Armor Great Demon King's eyes. The Nether Armor Great Demon King let out a shrill scream as its aura immediately weakened.

At that moment, the two brothers joined their palms together and Astral Energy swept out. They captured the Nether Armor Great Demon King and sent it back into the Astral Energy Barrier.

The Seven-Colored Flower Vine's vines followed and drilled into the Nether Armor Great Demon King's body through the wound in its eyes. In an instant, it was completely absorbed. Even the armor and the blood-colored blade were absorbed, leaving not a single corpse behind.

Nether Armor Great Demon Kings of this level were already free of impurities. They circulated the True Samadhi Fire in their bodies to cultivate day and night, so they were already very pure. It was impossible for them to leave behind dried corpses like other fiends. Those corpses were impurities and could only be used as fertilizer.

After the Seven-Colored Flower Vine absorbed the Nether Armor Great Demon King and its blood-colored blade, its color turned brighter. It seemed to have improved. And in the middle of it all, the tiny calabash hanging on the vine above Gu Chensha's head suddenly emitted a blood-colored light. Following that, it dimmed as though it had been completely digested.

"The combat power of these two is extraordinary. They have been tempered a thousand times. I wonder how many times they have fought. They are indeed quite powerful." Gu Chensha had watched the two Ximen brothers kill the Nether Armored Great Demon King.

Originally, the two brothers and the Nether Family Great Demon King had the same cultivation. In terms of combat strength, the Nether Armor Great Demon King was much higher than humans of the same level, be it in terms of strength or battle experience. In the Hell Fiend Domain, there were battles every day. The weak had no way of surviving at all.

But when the two of them worked together, in just one round, they heavily injured the Nether Armor Great Demon King. When they used their moves, they were like flowing water. From this, one could see that the two of them weren't ordinary and they had trained under Marquis Calming Sea. Gu Chensha's evaluation of Marquis Calming Sea's strength increased once more.

After the Seven Colored Demon Vine absorbed the Nether Armor Great Demon King, its roots and vines were filled with rumbling essence energy. Absorbing the essence blood and soul of such a Dao Realm Nine Transformation Great Demon King was much better than absorbing tens of thousands of demons.

Gu Chensha once again used the Sky Demon Mystic Art to help the Seven-colored Demonic Vine digest it quickly. At the same time, he injected a lot of Devil Qi, the essence of killing, and the natural killing intent in the soul into the gourd through the squirming of the vines, brewing the ultimate killing treasure. In just dozens of breaths, all the essence of the Nether Armor Great Demon King had been digested.

The Seven Colored Demon Vine became more condensed and a thin talisman appeared on the yellow gourd. This talisman looked like a crack in the sky and it was a shocking sight. Gu Chensha didn't care and continued to absorb all sorts of demons.

As for the two Ximen brothers, they roamed around and killed some strong existences to make things easier for the Seven Colored Demon Vine.

The Seven Colored Demon Vine was a growth treasure and not a killing weapon. Its single target attack strength wasn't that strong and it was just a parent. Moreover, it was still in its infancy.

In ancient times, many demon sages created the Heavenly Demon Tree Dharmic formulation to build their own lair.

When a monster refined the Heaven Monster Tree, it was the same as building a nest for themselves. Usually, they could cultivate on the tree.

The entire tree was like a world. The branches could connect to many dimensions and absorb energy from within. Then, according to the monster's will, it would form all sorts of treasures and pills. This was the extreme of the Monster Dao and it was similar to the Dao of Nature.

After the Seven Colored Demon Vine swallowed the Nine Transformation Nether Armor Great Demon, it became even stronger. The Demon Vine was like lightning and it actually brought with it a crackling lightning glow. Its speed at least doubled.

With just a flash, it pierced through a few demons who cultivated Xiantian Earth Energy and pulled them in.

The Seven Colored Demon Vine was originally unable to kill these demons, but now, it was extremely easy. At this moment, in Gu Chensha's fief.

Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, Jin Suibo, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, The Fourth, and even Long Zaifei, Lou Huaiyue, the green and white snakes, and Liu Yu gathered together. They each injected their Xiantian Earth Energy into the Life's Wish sphere. As they painstakingly refined this treasure, it also made their Primordial Spirit and Earth Energy purer. Their acupoints, Sea of Consciousness, Sea of Qi, and meridians tougher, stronger, and more capacity.

The Life's Wish sphere had fused with the Book of Heavenly Demons, the Buzhou Palace, the Dragon's Gate, the power of the three Sages, and the wonders of the Death-Exemption Talisman. It was already a magic treasure that could suppress one's destiny.

All the core experts of the Calmness Immortal Department would often gather together to refine this treasure and gain valuable cultivation experience.

Once the Life's Wish sphere was refined, the Calmness Immortal Department wouldn't have to fear the covetous eyes of many old fogies.

At this time, Zhuge Ya was becoming more and more unfathomable. His majestic aura suppressed the five lakes, four seas, and eight desolates. He had already been the true Lord of Seven Stars for two to three months, but his foundation was already very solid.

With his talent and the resources of the Calmness Immortal Department, his cultivation speed was faster than the sun and the moon. Hm?

In the deepest state of meditation, Zhuge Ya woke up. With a flick of his finger, a speck of starlight appeared in front of him, then spread out and turned into a mirror.

In the mirror, the scene of the three thousand kilometer Bottomless Sea of Sin appeared, vivid in his mind.

Zhuge Ya saw Gu Chensha cultivating the Tree of Heaven Monster, constantly killing demons, and secretly refining the Immortal-Slaying God-Punishing Gourd.