Chapter 1026
============

Chapter 1023: The Situation Spirals Out of Control The universe began to spin.

After that, a total of two thousand ancestors stood outside the universe, watching the birth and destruction of the universe. There were demons, daemons, the Divine Central Continent, the Four Wildernesses, and Ancient Dust Sand in this universe …

This was the Fourth Gu Huasha who had created Gu Chensha. He was very familiar with Gu Chensha, so creating him had been very simple.

"Everyone, let's begin. Don't hold back when you pour your power into it. Lose all of your power and become an ordinary person, but the moment you become an ordinary person, our spell formation and contract will protect you. You'll be able to comprehend the Dragonless Mental Sutra and create another universe. That way, you'll be able to sever karma and reincarnate your destiny. Not only will you be able to cultivate the Dragonless Mental Sutra, but you'll also be able to recover your power and reach the Ancestor level. You'll be even stronger than before, and you might even reach the Heavenly Dao level," said the Fourth Gu Huasha.

"Nihility Ancestor, let's begin." The Emperor Of Heaven knew that if he and Gu Huasha didn't set an example, the Ancestral Ancestors would have some misgivings.

Although there were over two thousand Ancestral Ancestors present, there weren't many who truly wanted to create a universe. Most of them were just here to watch and take advantage of the situation. If they thought there were benefits, they'd play. If there weren't, they'd back off.

"Join forces." Bzzz …

The Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha and the Emperor Of Heaven gathered together, transforming into streams of energy that formed the shape of a taiji symbol. It then transformed into a person with one head and two faces. One was the Emperor Of Heaven's, and the other was the Fourth Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha's. Rumble! The two of them fused together.

The person who had fused with him immediately underwent a brand new transformation. Boundless Heavenly Dao energy appeared from his body and turned into many threads that intertwined in the air, wrapping around the Ancestor.

"Heavenly Law Realm …" All of the Ancestors were shocked.

However, it was at this point that the Emperor Of Heaven and The Fourth both spoke at the same time. "Don't panic, everyone. I'm going to use the power of the Dao of Heaven to power a divine ability, Eternal Eternity. You'll all benefit from it. We've already thoroughly cultivated the Dragonless Heart Magic, which has infinite transformations!

Listen, we will tell you all the secrets of the Dragonless Heart Sutra. Once you cut off all the karma with the world, you can directly comprehend and cultivate it. " "Let's gamble." At this time, the Confucianism Ancestor made up his mind. He poured all of his power into the universe without holding anything back.

Suddenly, the universe was filled with all of his power, and it instantly expanded. Countless powerful magic treasures and fortuitous encounters were born. All the people with great destiny in the universe began to rapidly grow in power.

This was especially so for the created Gu Chensha. Intentionally or unintentionally, he obtained even more fortuitous encounters and gradually matured, becoming invincible in the universe.

However, the fusion of the Emperor Of Heaven and The Fourth did not allow Gu Chensha to have a smooth journey in the universe. Instead, it created a lot of trouble for him to train him.

At this time, the Confucianism Ancestor's changes were very rapid. The instant he poured in power, he immediately lost all of his cultivation and became an ordinary person. However, the threads of fate on his body seemed to have cut off all connections with the human world, and his body became relaxed.

This was the moment when his mind was the strongest in his life, but it was also the moment when his soul and body were the weakest.

But at that moment, the Emperor Of Heaven and The Fourth's comprehension wrapped up the Confucianism Ancestor, causing a huge change to occur in the Confucianism Ancestor. First, something deep in the Confucianism Ancestor's heart seemed to have broken. A great treasure seeped out and started to produce spiritual energy.

"Good, Confucianism Ancestor, you have finally given birth to the power deep in your heart. Change the world. Quickly absorb your power into the world and allow it to produce rich materials." The person who fused with the Emperor Of Heaven and The Fourth roared.

As he roared, more and more spiritual energy appeared in Confucian Ancestor's body, and the speed became faster and faster. In just a few breaths of time, he broke through to the 20th Transformation of the Dao Realm. The spiritual energy in his body turned into celestial energy and once again merged into the universe.

At this time, he didn't stop. He sensed the benefits and continued to use the skills in his body. He felt that the more he gave to the world, the stronger his cultivation would be. His relationship with the world was like that of a parent and a son. A son was the entire universe and the world. He was now nurturing the world. At the same time, the entire world was his home. He used his own hands to expand his home. The bigger the home, the more room he had to grow. At this moment, he truly understood Gu Chensha's realm.

"Gu Chensha is really amazing."

In the depths of his heart, he was filled with respect towards Gu Chensha. But then, this respect turned into something beyond, "Gu Chensha, although you are a pioneer, I can't allow you to do such things. But once my cultivation surpasses yours, I will just remove all your power and lock you up. I won't kill you."

After he reached Dao Realm 20 Transformation, Gather and Disperse Impermanence, he didn't stop and started to soar. In just a few breaths, he reached God Realm. Two hours passed and immediately, the Confucianism Ancestor reached Heaven Essence Realm.

Under the activation of the Fourth and Emperor Of Heaven, the universe absorbed more power from the depths of his soul, causing the power in his soul to surge out like a tidal wave. The powers exploded and shook one another, causing the combat strength of the Confucianism Ancestor to seem even stronger than when he was at his peak.

"Everyone, why aren't you injecting power in to expand this universe? I have already gained benefits. Although I haven't recovered to Ancestor Realm, my combat strength has only increased.

It's just a matter of time before I become an ancestor, and I can sense a trace of the Heavenly Dao's aura … "The Confucian Ancestor laughed heartily. He felt incredibly carefree.

"Indeed, since there is such a good thing, then let's start."

Some ancestors saw an opportunity and suddenly took action, channeling all of their power into the cosmos.

Instantly, more and more ancestors gave up on their cultivation and the universe became bigger and bigger. At the same time, the Confucianism Ancestor felt the attraction get stronger and stronger, so he used this chance to break through to Ancestor Realm.

"I have returned to Ancestor Realm and my strength is many times stronger than before. I feel like I can defeat 10 of myself."

The Confucianism Ancestor roared, "Ever since I stepped into Ancestor Realm, I could not improve at all. But now, I have completely changed my cultivation."

"I have also changed my cultivation. Good, very good. The Heavenly Path is not too far away from me."

At this moment, Ai Zu let out a deep sound. In an instant, he had abandoned all of his cultivation base and comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra once more. After that, his cultivation base rose bit by bit, pushing it to the limit. It was much faster than the Confucian Ancestor's cultivation base.

"Good fellow."

The Emperor Of Heaven and The Fourth fused and immediately felt that the Love God was not simple. He was actually using this chance to get a feel of the ancestors. Rumble! At that moment, the aura of the Heavenly Path was born.

"Someone has broken through to the Heavenly Path! Who is it? Who is it?" Many of the ancestors were shocked and turned to look at one person. That person was Zhang Ziran.

Zhang Ziran was the Human Ancestor, and occupied a lot of destiny in the Human Realm. Now, when he was giving up power and comprehending the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique, he had broken through layers of restrictions and the aura of the Heavenly Path was born.

"Who would have thought that we would be a bit late."

When the Fourth and Emperor Of Heaven saw this, they felt very upset. They decided to throw caution to the wind and split up, once again giving up their power.

Therefore, the universe expanded and lost control, turning into a brand new universe that no one could control.

Even the creators of the Fourth and Emperor Of Heaven could no longer control everything in the universe.

However, the Fourth and Emperor Of Heaven were throwing caution to the wind, and the power of the Heavenly Dao was born within them.

"We lost control of the universe, but we also gained enlightenment of the Heavenly Dao," the Fourth said to the Emperor Of Heaven. "So that's how it is. That's not good news. Does reaching the Heavenly Path mean losing control of the world?

Gu Chensha seems to have lost control of the Human Realm. All of the powerful entities he created don't listen to his commands. " "The universe is evolving. What do we do?"

The Emperor Of Heaven was confused. More than two thousand ancestors were pouring power into the universe, causing it to expand to the limit. Everything was out of control, which meant that the Emperor Of Heaven and the Fourth were no longer in control of the universe. It was as if there was some powerful entity brewing in the universe. RUMBLE!

Suddenly, a stream of pitch-black energy, which was not entirely black, poured into this universe from a faraway place. This energy was much greater than the combined power of over two thousand Patriarchs, the fourth Celestial Emperor, and even Zhang Ziran.

"Not good. This is the power of that terrifying thing. This power is at Level 9 of the Immortal Realm. It's far beyond us." Zhang Ziran became nervous. In the blink of an eye.

The universe expanded to an unimaginable size, and after receiving the power of the ninth level of the Deathless Realm, all of the two thousand ancestors were sucked into it.

"We wanted to create Gu Chensha," the Emperor Of Heaven said. "But now, that terrifying thing is making a move! Let's go!"

The Celestial Emperor roared. These people gathered together, and in the nick of time, they broke through the cosmic envelope and left.