Chapter 295
===========

"I'm Chen Gong, from the capital. I'm out traveling."

Gu Chensha revealed his other identity. "You're all doing this for the court, the country, and the people. Why would I blame you? To be honest, I'm also here to hone my martial arts. Killing barbarians to build my career earned me a generous reward from King Chen's fief. "

"I saw Brother Chen's acquired stellar energy vibrating with a wave of your hand. Your martial dao is flawless, far surpassing the mortal realm master realm.

If I'm not mistaken, Brother Chen has stepped into the dao realm. "The leading female knight had delicate features and a temperament as sharp as a blade. She'd clearly experienced many battles. Furthermore, this female knight's cultivation was also in the Dao Realm. Of course, that was only because she'd just stepped into the dao realm.

Even so, the female knight's status was extremely high. At the very least, she could be the governor of a province, or even higher. There had been more dao realm experts in the past few years, but they weren't as common as cabbages.

Even the Celestial Tranquility Department was recruiting dao realm experts on a large scale. They even needed martial arts masters.

A martial arts master acting as a spy among the people could gather a lot of information and monitor the world's illegal activities.

Gu Chensha's current performance was that of someone who'd just stepped into the dao realm. This way, he could gain enough respect without revealing his true strength.

There was a border that stretched for thousands of miles at the edge of his fief. Ten armies were stationed there, each with three to five thousand people. They were used to defend against barbarian attacks.

In the past, three to five thousand people defending the border would be like sending food to the barbarian army. Even without the barbarian army, a large beast horde would be able to scatter them and wipe them out. But now, Gu Chensha's army was full of experts. They were like tigers and wolves.

They weren't wearing the Horned Wyrm Armor anymore, but the Star Battle Robes made by Gu Chensha using the Buzhou Palace. It was almost on par with the Horned Wyrm Armor. It was far superior to the Horned Wyrm Armor.

After all, the Horned Wyrm Armor was manufactured by the Celestial Designer Institution. Even he would have to purchase it from the Celestial Designer Institution.

Moreover, after he obtained the Buzhou Palace, he had the ability to create powerful talismans and armors. In addition, he was also a master at forging talismans. Together with Lou Baiyue, they researched many types of armors and weapons that were beneficial to the army based on the experiences that Grand Preceptor Wen Hong passed on, the magical records in the Book of Heavenly Demons, the mysteries of the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art and the Great Massacre God Art, and Zhuge Ya's deduction wisdom.

Those three hundred and sixty Heaven Mending Divine Generals were wearing Heaven Mending Battle Robes, which were of an extremely high level. These battle robes were difficult to refine, and it was practically impossible to popularize them throughout the army.

Therefore, he settled for the next best thing. He placed all kinds of jade stones and metal essences into the Buzhou Palace to absorb the Spiritual Qi and the power of the stars. He also used other materials to forge an armor that could expand and contract. Not only did it have the same ability as the Horned Dragon Armor, but it had a stronger defense and greater strength. It could also automatically absorb the power of the stars and come with spells. In addition, the weapons in the army had also been greatly improved. In the army, even the weakest soldier could charge in and out of the barbarian army.

"I received pointers from an expert by chance, and in addition to some fortuitous encounters in the Wilderness, I exchanged them for medicinal pills. After painstakingly cultivating, I had an epiphany not long ago and actually entered the first transformation of the Dao Realm, Consuming Qi Fasting." Gu Chensha cupped his hands.

"Sir, you have an extraordinary bearing and a profound cultivation. Your future will be limitless after entering the Dao Realm."

The female knight said, "I am Yao Lian. I wonder if Sir is willing to join the Hong Yun Games and fight alongside us?" There was no reason for the female knight not to recruit a Dao Realm scholar.

"Join the Hong Yun Games?"

Gu Chensha frowned. "I still don't know what the Hong Yun Games are like, so I don't dare to rashly join. Please understand." "It's fine. Since you don't want to join, why don't we travel together and kill the barbarians?

The rewards of Monarch Chen's fief are indeed generous. According to the rules, killing ten barbarian soldiers will be rewarded with a Fire Date, and killing ten barbarian captains will be rewarded with a drop of Spiritual Liquid.

If you can kill a Martial Grandmaster of the barbarian race, you will be rewarded with a Sky-Mending Pill.

If you can kill a Dao Realm barbarian, you will be summoned and the rewards will be even more generous. "

The female knight, Yao Lian, said, "Divided we are weak, united we are strong. If Sir works with me, we will have many opportunities to kill enemies and earn more wealth.

Furthermore, you seem to be lacking in armor. I have an extra set of Horned Dragon Armor here. How about lending it to you? If you join the Hong Yun Games, I will give you this armor. " She patted the bag on the horse's back, which contained another set of Horned Dragon Armor.

"The Hong Yun Games are truly rich. Not only did the price of Horned Dragon Armor not fall, it actually increased. They actually hoarded so many. "

Gu Chensha was secretly shocked. In this day and age, even the rich families would treat a set of Horned Dragon Armor as a family heirloom. The Hong Yun Games didn't show off their wealth, but they were actually so rich.

"Although this armor can protect me, it's impenetrable and impervious to fire and water. Although it can kill enemies quickly, it won't put me in a life-or-death situation. I'm here to hone my martial techniques."

Gu Chensha rejected this female knight Yao Lian's enticement, "However, I'm very willing to accompany you to kill the enemy." "That's good." Yao Lian smiled, "Then, Sir, please get on the horse."

"There is no need. My legs are faster than a horse." Gu Chensha smiled, "Let's meet up at the market."

As he spoke, he waved his sleeves and leaped up. With a light tap on the mud, he glided away. He seemed to have reached the realm of leaving no trace behind.

"This person's Qinggong is so amazing. He is about to step on water ripples. That is something only someone at the second transformation of the Dao Realm can do. "

A knight said solemnly, "Such a person is really amazing. If we can rope him into our Hong Yun Games, we will have contributed greatly." "This person has a firm heart and will definitely become someone great in the future."

Yao Lian nodded. "This time, the Barbarian Race and the Yao Race have joined forces to launch a counterattack against the Imperial Court. The biggest battlefield will be Monarch Chen's fief. Many factions have heard the news and have rushed over, hoping to fish in troubled waters. We must be careful.

"I wonder if Monarch Chen will be able to defend his fief this time?"

The male knight said, "If he can't, then the losses will be huge. Not only will he lose his land, but he will also lose his foundations."

"His land is the most valuable. It is built really well and there are many Xuanwu Saint Beasts that the Monster Race has been eyeing for a long time.

Some old monsters want to get this Saint Beast. After refining it, they can obtain the Xuanwu Bloodline and break through the limit. There are also rumors that there are many treasures in this land. "

Yao Lian said, "Master told us to come to probe and see what the National Fortune Party and Jing Wushang are up to. All of you have to be careful." "Yes!"

Many knights galloped on the muddy road, kicking up large amounts of mud. The people on the road all avoided them.

"Indeed. The Barbarian Race has been mobilizing troops in the depths of the forest. Many powers have sensed something."

Gu Chensha knew that things had been going smoothly recently. The Barbarian Race had been suppressed and forced to retreat. However, the Barbarian Race had lived for tens of thousands of years and would not compromise so easily. The final battle would come sooner or later.

He had heard the conversation at the Hong Yun Meet and immediately sent a secret talisman to Lou Baiyue and Zhuge Ya. He received a reply soon after.

It was Zhuge Ya's secret talisman. "I've analyzed all kinds of information and have found some clues about the Hong Yun Meet. It should be related to the Second Prince, Gu Xuansha, or he might have secretly set it up." "What? It has something to do with the Second Prince, Gu Xuansha? "

Gu Chensha was shocked. The Second Prince, Gu Xuansha, was the most mysterious one. He had not appeared in court for almost a decade. Rumor had it that he was traveling and drawing a map of the Land of Infinity for the court. However, there had never been any news of him. The court had almost forgotten about him. However, Gu Chensha had never let his guard down against his second brother.

He did not expect that the Second Prince would secretly set up a "Hong Yun Meet". It seemed that he had already made a name for himself. It seemed that the Second Prince's strength was not to be underestimated.

Gu Chensha soon arrived at a large market on the edge of the fief. The market was not planned and was in a mess. Dozens of miles in front of the market was a huge jungle that blocked the sky and the sun. Thick vines and tall trees completely blocked people's sight. At this moment, it was impossible to move forward.

Unless there was a great power that could open up a road in the vast mountains, people could only set up camp here and build a market.

Generally speaking, the first to expand the territory for the court was not the soldiers, but the civilian adventurers and business groups. They chased after benefits and went deep into dangerous places. As long as it was driven by benefits, no place could resist human desire.

Although the market here was not planned, it was extremely prosperous. Many things could be bought in the market, and many masters came here to do business.

Compared to the market at the border, the price here was lower, and people could earn good things in the first place. Some smart business groups even transported all kinds of supplies here and sold them to the adventurers at a high price. As soon as he stepped into the market, he heard clamorous shouts.

"Anti-insect medicine, anti-miasma pill, do you want it? It's the last batch.

If you want to wait for the next batch, I'm afraid it will take seven days before it can be delivered. " "Ghost poison smoke, after igniting, can suffocate all insects within a mile."

"Wooden Bow and Goose Feather Arrows. The poison smeared on them will kill the ape upon contact with the blood!" "Steel crossbow, mechanism, ten shots in a row. Within a hundred steps, can wear iron armor. " "Raging bull leather armor, impenetrable by swords and spears. Only three sets left." "Essence pill, military wine. As long as you carry a gourd, you won't need to eat or drink for a few days. "

"Thousand-year blood mushroom, fire ginseng, ten kilograms of earthly flame gold, various treasures and spirit medicines in exchange for horned dragon armor."

Countless voices rang out, and it was extremely lively. Tall wooden houses stood in rows, and many people went to the jungle to cut down trees and build new wooden houses.

"The Scenic Merchant Association is buying barbarian slaves and living demonic apes …" At this moment, Gu Chensha discovered that the Scenic Martial Association's residence was actually buying living creatures.