Chapter 838
===========

Chu Feng lowered his head, looking a bit terrified. "Your subordinate doesn't know what you're planning, Your Excellency. I only know how to obey orders. Whatever the higher-ups tell me to do, I'll do it. . . " "Good!"

Zhuge Ya said, "You really are the reincarnation of the Origin Dou Star. Your aura is very strong, and your position among the stars is quite high. As you know, the Celestial Calmness Department has established the Constellation Division, which specializes in monitoring the reincarnated stars. Then we'll try to rope them in and convince them to submit to us. You took the initiative to report that you've awakened the Profound Truths of the Stars. That's a great merit. I'm going to promote you to one of the higher-ups of the Constellation Division, and then you'll try to rope in the reincarnated stars. What do you think?"

"I'm willing to serve you, Your Excellency. I'll share the nation's worries, and I'll put my life on the line for the Celestial Calmness Department," Chu Feng shouted.

"That's right. Of course, you'll also have your colleagues."

Zhuge Ya waved his hand, and suddenly, seven or eight more youths appeared in the space. There were both men and women, and Chu Feng went over. They were all people who had automatically reported that they were Xing Chen's reincarnations.

"Your subordinates pay their respects to the Lord of Seven Stars." The reincarnated stars bowed.

"You are all talented pillars of the nation. In the future, you will stand at the peak of all living beings, and lead them to the ultimate glory."

Zhuge Ya looked them over one by one. "Now, follow me and swear an oath. After that, the Constellation Division will officially be established. You will all become important figures in the division." "Yes, Your Excellency!" They all bowed, and Chu Feng did the same. Zhuge Ya faced the void and began to lead them in their oaths.

"The boundless universe is everlasting, and the supreme man is limitless. The boundless divine continent is filled with suffering and suffering.

I save the common people, and advance courageously. For the sake of the common people, I risk life and limb. I defend my country, and my soul returns home …. " Ancient oaths, mighty wills, and indestructible souls all emanated from his voice. Chu Feng's heart trembled. He activated a concealment technique and began to swear an oath.

These oaths converged into power and surged into the other space of the Little Hong Meng Tree, causing changes.

After a long time, the oath was completed. A strange smile appeared on Zhuge Ya's face, "Alright, the oath is complete. You can go do what you need to do now. The newly established Constellation Department has already communicated with the King of Common Life, and you will be able to obtain all sorts of data regarding the reincarnated stars. Based on this data, you will definitely succeed. There are only two months left until the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman.

"We will definitely not let you down." All the Reincarnators of Xing Chen shouted in unison, like an army.

"If that's the case, you guys can go back to work." Zhuge Ya nodded. These people immediately left this space.

After they left, Zhuge Ya took a deep breath and extracted the power of will from their oaths. One of them was sparkling, and it was simply the most dazzling pearl in the world.

"Chensha was right. This Chu Feng is the true body of the Heavenly King of Jin. Although he concealed his origin, he didn't expect that Chensha would use the sacrifice of the Desolate Old Man to infiltrate his dragon gate and even his primordial spirit, allowing his oath to contain his origin power. This means that the Heavenly King of Jin has unknowingly sworn loyalty to the Celestial Peace Department and the imperial court. Once this karma is established, he basically has nowhere to run or hide. As for me, I can use this oath to break through the realm and become a Celestial Venerable!"

Zhuge Ya moved his palm, and the resplendent pearl and Heavenly King of Jin Chu Feng's oath fused with his body. He immediately sat down cross-legged. RUMBLE!

It was as if heaven and earth were exploding. Inside Zhuge Ya's body, wind and clouds surged. Thunder rumbled, and heaven and earth were flipped upside down. All of the tribulations gathered above his head and transformed into a canopy.

"Tribulations are for me to use. Numbers are for me to calculate. Tribulations are good fortune. Canopy of Heaven and Earth Gather Above."

Zhuge Ya laughed heartily as the aura of an Outlier appeared around him. Boundless astral power was born inside of him. His body was no longer just a pair of seven stars, but an entire starry sky.

Heavenly King of Jin's oath had finally allowed him to understand some of his paths. He had broken through the shackles of fate, become an Outlier, and become a Celestial Venerable.

He was no longer the Lord of Seven Stars, but he was much more powerful. He had broken free from the blessing of the dao of heaven. He was like a caterpillar that had transformed into a butterfly that had broken out of its cocoon and soared through the sky.

"Today, I become a Celestial Venerable." Zhuge Ya's body flickered, and his power was like a heavenly waterfall, like the tides of the universe.

He bowed slightly, and countless worlds and space-time appeared in front of him. He could even see the threads of the dao of heaven, as well as future variables.

The power of the sacrifice surged out of him, surpassing all of the celestials in the Celestial Calmness Department.

The Celestial Calmness Department now had Celestial Sage Martial, Chang Weiyang, Dou Yiyu, and the King of Common Life.

But now, the power of the four celestials combined couldn't compare to Zhuge Ya's, nor could it compare to Zhuge Ya's. It was obvious how powerful Zhuge Ya had become after becoming a Celestial Venerable.

After all, there was no way Zhuge Ya, the Lord of Seven Stars, could become a Celestial Venerable. That was fate.

He had broken through the shackles of fate, and his accomplishments far surpassed anyone's imagination.

"Congratulations! You've finally become a Celestial Venerable." Wen Hong was the first to arrive.

"I'm ashamed to have only broken through now. I don't have much time left."

Zhuge Ya said, "If Grand Preceptor Wen breaks through, you'll definitely be ahead of me. After all, your fate is that of a son of heaven. You'll be shackled more heavily than I am." "I feel like it's almost time.

I hope I can break through and become a Celestial Venerable within the next two months. Otherwise, when the tribulation of the Heavenly Talisman descends in thirty-six years, I'm afraid I'll be in big trouble. Even my Nascent Divinity and thoughts will be influenced by the Emperor Of Heaven. "

"The Emperor Of Heaven is already in our Celestial Calmness Department, but we still haven't found him. That's a huge hidden danger. I suspect that aside from the Gate Jin Heavenly King, the other heavenly kings are also in hiding.

After all, Chensha hasn't become a Celestial Venerable yet, so his calculations aren't strong enough. If only he could become a Celestial Venerable. "Zhuge Ya knew that his own ascension couldn't compare to Gu Chensha's.

Only if Gu Chensha became a Celestial Venerable would the Celestial Calmness Department be truly stable. Otherwise, it would still be a bit unstable.

After all, the Four Wilds had fallen into the hands of others, and the divine continent's Essence had yet to truly be refined by Gu Chensha.

Once the Emperor Of Heaven was born, the divine continent and the Emperor Of Heaven would fuse together. That would result in an extremely terrifying change.

"No matter what, the Celestial Calmness Department's strength has been strengthened further. With the worship of the five Celestial Venerables, the little Hongmeng Tree can evolve further and start to transform into the real Hongmeng Tree. It might even surpass the Hongmeng Tree.

There's also another matter, and that's the reincarnation of the Endless Treasures. Currently, Chensha has collected 20 Endless Treasures. The Endless Heart, Endless Sword, and Endless Blade are still wandering outside. Apart from these three, there are still 13 Endless Treasures that haven't appeared. I think these treasures should have appeared by now. "

Wen Hong said, "Once we gather all 36 Endless Treasures, we can open the door to the Heavenly Realm and obtain the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven. As long as Chensha sits on the throne and suppresses it, refining it, and obtaining power, he can overturn the Heavenly Dao. Then, even if the Emperor Of Heaven appears, he won't have anything to fear." "I'm watching closely.

However, you're still better at handling this matter. I have to keep a close eye on the Heavenly King of Jin's movements. Many of the reincarnated Xing Chen don't want to expose their whereabouts. If the Celestial Calmness Department goes to look for them and force them, it'll be hard to avoid some bad karma and trouble. It's better to let the Heavenly King of Jin deceive them. That way, not only will all the sins fall on him, but we can also use his power to quickly gather the reincarnated Xing Chen, "Zhuge Ya said.

"That's just one aspect. The most important thing is to lure the Heavenly King of Primal Chaos, the Heavenly King of Grand Overarching, the Heavenly King of Dong Hua, and the Heavenly King of Wisdom out. These Heavenly Kings might still be waiting for an opportunity, but I don't believe they'll hold back and let the Heavenly King of Jin keep increasing his power. Now, the Heavenly King of Jin has nearly 3,000 True God sacrifices. In time, the Primitive Dragon Sect will become stronger and stronger, and they'll be able to compete with the top-ranked Heavenly Kings. If we let the Heavenly King of Jin obtain the reincarnated Xing Chen of one yuan, then he'll basically be able to compete with the Heavenly King of Primal Chaos, or even surpass him."

Wen Hong said, "This is Chensha's plan. He can increase the stakes for the Heavenly King of Jin. These Heavenly Kings won't be able to tolerate it and will naturally appear." "Let's wait and see."

Zhuge Ya laughed and said, "In order to gain our trust, the Heavenly King of Jin has to constantly offer sacrifices. He thinks that the power of the sacrifices is fake, but he doesn't know that under Chensha's deceptive plan, all his sacrifices are carried out by his own origin. That means we have the sacrifices of the Heavenly King of Jin." "That's right!"

At this time, Lou Baiyue also appeared. Her aura also seemed to indicate that she was about to break through to the Heavenly Venerable Realm at any time. "After a long time, about ten days to half a month, the Heavenly King of Jin will be bewitched by Chensha. All the True God Sacrifices in the Primordial Dragon Gate will be transferred to us.

In this way, I can use the enormous power to push the Great God Massacre to the Heavenly Venerable Realm and break through the Outliers. "

The Great God Massacre Art originally had the word "God Massacre" in it. Since the True God Sacrifices submitted to its power, the art would naturally advance.

Once Lou Baiyue ascended to the Heavenly Venerable Realm, she would most likely be even more powerful than Wen Hong.

"In this case, the Heavenly King of Jin will be a piece of juicy meat for us. Not only will we not touch him now, but we will also do our best to nurture him and help him improve and ascend again. We will make him so terrifying that even a Chaotic Heavenly King can't help but come out to stop him. We will then capture all the Heavenly Kings in one fell swoop. Once we defeat them, with the sacrifices of these Heavenly Kings, Chensha should be able to break through to the Heavenly Venerable Realm." Zhuge Ya waved his hand, and the figure of "Chu Feng" instantly appeared in front of everyone. Announcement: This site recommends a free app. Say goodbye to all advertisements. Please follow the official WeChat account to download and install: appxsyd (Press and hold for three seconds to copy)