Chapter 370
===========

As he spoke, Zhuge Ya's will moved again, and a secret message about the Myrtle Dipper entered the depths of Gu Chensha's mind.

Gu Chensha immediately comprehended it. Through the Life's Wish sphere, he looked at the starry sky in the real world, and then the Myrtle Imperial Star entered his eyes.

With his current eyesight, even if it was daytime, he could clearly see these stars that had existed for an unknown number of years and months. They were permanently hanging in the sky, and each star seemed to contain layers of space-time, giving rise to endless changes.

The power of the stars was almost limitless. They didn't seem dead, but alive. Or rather, they were manifesting their power due to some kind of change in the Heavenly Dao.

As for the Myrtle Imperial Star, the power contained within it was greater than any of the other stars. It had the majesty of an emperor, and it was unfathomable. It seemed that only peerless kings could win the Myrtle Imperial Star's favor. Stars filled the sky. Some of them were small, while others were large.

Just like humans, there were countless living beings. Some were weak, while others could overturn rivers and seas. They manipulated the Heavenly Dao, created life and death, and created new worlds. In the blink of an eye, a speck of dust could transform into a vast universe. The difference in the power of the stars was even greater.

In Gu Chensha's eyes, some stars were only a few times the size of the Divine Continent, while some ancient stars were boundless and majestic.

The Myrtle Imperial Star was neither too big nor too small among the many stars, but its aura was unique. The entire star was surrounded by a purple aura.

And in the deepest depths, there seemed to be a mysterious power wriggling, as if it was connected to another world.

The Myrtle Imperial Star and the Immortal Realm were inextricably linked. It was as if the entire star was a passageway to the Immortal Realm.

Gu Chensha used his star power slightly, and a wisp of starlight pierced through the air, gathering in his hand and forming a small talisman.

This talisman was purple, and it was the power of the Myrtle Imperial Star's stars. When this power gathered, it was fifty percent similar to immortal qi.

Gu Chensha now knew that the so-called "Spiritual Realm" and "Immortal Realm" were just names. The Spiritual Realm was a huge dimension, and that dimension was filled with spiritual qi. The Immortal Realm was the same, except that it was filled with Immortal Qi.

Logically speaking, cultivators below Dao Realm 19 shouldn't be able to absorb celestial energy and refine celestial energy. If one tried to absorb it, it would be like a mortal swallowing gold. It was a suicidal action. Only by cultivating magical power could one refine immortal energy. Unless he had mastered the Great Massacre God Technique. It was the same for the Myrtle Imperial Star.

"Blade, come!"

Gu Chensha stretched out his hand and made a grabbing motion. A treasured saber flew over from afar. This saber was also made of Hundred Refinements Profound Steel, and it could cut through iron like mud. This was the wealth that he had obtained from the Jing Clan's secret camp. On the market, this treasured saber was worth quite a bit of money.

Holding the Hundred Tempered Profound Steel Saber in his hand, Gu Chensha used the Artifact Refining Technique and infused the Crape Myrtle Star Power into the saber.

But with a cracking sound, the blade crumbled into dust. It was actually unable to withstand the power of the Myrtle Imperial Star.

"As expected, the Myrtle Imperial Star's star power is really overbearing."

Gu Chensha grabbed once more and the dust gathered. Under the condensation of his pill power, it turned into a Xuan Steel Saber. He then used the Star Refining Technique.

At that moment, dozens of streaks of Star Power landed and gathered on the saber. They flowed and a rainbow light gathered, turning the saber into a Star Steel Saber.

The sharpness of the Star Steel Saber could slay someone at Dao Opening Realm Transformation Three. Moreover, it had the power to destroy evil and wouldn't be corroded by demonic energy.

There were billions of stars in the sky and each star had its own unique power element. All the sects had the Star Refining Technique. When the Star Power was combined, the strength of the treasures would be different too.

Calming Celestial Department's usage of the Star Power far exceeded that of the Celestial Path Xuanmen Sect. This was because they comprehended the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique, Great Massacre God Technique, Ten Thousand Star Flying Celestial Technique, Sky Demon Book, and many other techniques left by Jiang Gongwang.

Gu Chensha was especially good at using the Star Power to refine treasures, exorcise demons, cultivate, and build.

He was now analyzing the characteristics of the Myrtle Imperial Star and using the Myrtle Dou Numerals.

"The Myrtle Imperial Star benefits the world. When the Emperor is angry, the universe bleeds. When the Emperor is virtuous, the people are grateful."

Gu Chensha's fingertip circulated Core Qi. With another move, the Myrtle Imperial Star Power evolved into a purple aura. It wasn't the characteristics of immortal energy, but it was similar to the Emperor's dragon energy and the aura of the Son of Heaven.

This aura entered the Star Steel Saber. The saber trembled a thousand times and floated in the air like an Emperor looking down on the world.

"Good!"

Zhuge Ya clapped his hands. "Your Highness grasped the secret of the Myrtle Dou Numerals so quickly. To be able to transform the tyranny of the Myrtle Imperial Star into the gentle power of the Benevolent Dao of the Benevolent Emperor, it can be said that you understand the principle of celestial evolution."

"The Myrtle Imperial Star is indeed powerful. Even highly cultivated Immortals might not be able to control its power."

Gu Chensha meditated for a moment. "I've already thoroughly understood the profound mysteries of the star. No wonder Jing Qiu couldn't refine it." "Then Your Highness can track down Jing Qiu.

I've already used a secret art to disrupt your heavenly workings, making it impossible for Jing Qiu to divine anything. "

Zhuge Ya said, "If Your Highness can track down Jing Qiu, and even have a chance to capture and kill him, then you'll definitely have the opportunity to comprehend the true secrets of Divergent. Perhaps it'll help me escape my fate as the Lord of Seven Stars. "

Although the Lord of Seven Stars was a Sage Monarch, she couldn't escape the fate of becoming one with the Dao. She couldn't escape the Three Realms and Five Elements. At most, she could cultivate to the thirty-six transformations, Embodiment Transformation. Zhuge Ya wanted Gu Chensha to comprehend the realm of Divergent and point out a bright path for him. This was Gu Chensha's best chance.

"With my Dao Realm cultivation of nineteen transformations, I'll be able to hunt down an expert with a twenty-five transformations undying body. This has never happened before in all of history."

Gu Chensha, on the other hand, was filled with excitement. "If I succeed, then I'll have gained quite a bit."

"Your Highness, please go. I still need to fuse the connate spirit treasure, the Wutu Virtue Flag, into this sphere. At the same time, I hope it can stabilize my five bloodlines and recreate this minor world. Unfortunately, there's too little Azure Dragon bloodline.

If there's enough, the Great Desolate World and the Ghost-God Touch Tree will quickly grow. In less than a year, it'll be called a Heavenly Demon Tree. "Zhuge Ya waved his hand.

Gu Chensha knew that the Azure Dragon was a connate wood spirit that controlled all types of wood. It would be extremely beneficial to the Heavenly Demon Tree.

He leaped out of the sphere and returned to his land. He then used the Sun and Moon Talisman's Invisibility Talisman to hide his body and start to chase after Jing Qiu. At this moment, Zhuge Ya and the others in the Common People's Wish sphere received a report.

"Jing Fanxing and some core members of the Jing Family have all disappeared. It seems like they've been rescued." This was news from Yi Zheng. Yi Zheng was in charge of the Calming Celestial Bureau's attack on the Jing Family.

He was originally the Hell Serpent Temple's Pope and had cultivated the seventeenth transformation, the Dao Splitting Divine Clone. But now, he had cultivated to the Golden Core of the Great Dao and was extremely strong. He was vicious and merciless when he led the team to attack the Jing Family.

But just as he started to wipe out the entire family, all the core members of the Jing Family disappeared. Without a doubt, they had been rescued by Jing Qiu.

"As expected, but it doesn't matter."

Gu Chensha also received this news. His mind was constantly connected to the Common People's Wish sphere, so he knew all kinds of information like the back of his hand. "Jing Fanxing, I'm still waiting for him to recover his strength." As he flew, he was already far away from the border, heading northwest.

To the east of the Divine Continent was the Eastern Wastelands, filled with endless mountains. To the south was the wilderness, to the west was the ocean, and to the north was the boundless desert.

The Eastern Wastelands was where the mystical sects of the Immortal Path resided. To the south was the Barbarian Tribe, and to the west were the many overseas countries. Across the vast ocean was the Great Might Dynasty in the west.

As for the northern desert, it was mostly uninhabited. But in some of the very deep deserts, small countries had been established here and there, and there were also merchants and adventurers who came and went, selling things like silk and porcelain to the desert countries.

Because the desert was desolate, it was often yellow sand for thousands of miles. It was not like the Barbarian Forest, which was dangerous but rich in resources. So Yongchō did not send troops to conquer the small countries deep in the desert.

And at this moment, the direction in which Jing Qiu was fleeing was actually the depths of the desert in the northwest.

Gu Chensha used the Amethyst Dipper Divination to sense the profound meaning of the Myrtle Imperial Star, and grasped the direction in which Jing Qiu was fleeing. He was extremely careful in his pursuit, because the further he went from his fief, the weaker his sense of the Life's Wish sphere. If he really entered the depths of the desert, he might not even be able to sense the sphere's existence.

He flew quickly, but not only did he hide his body, he also became extremely small, like a speck of dust floating in the air, without the slightest aura.

If it were any other expert, using the size of their physical body at will, changing it to an extremely large or small size, would consume a lot of the power of their Jindan, and they would not be able to maintain it for long.

But Gu Chensha's Jindan power was extremely vigorous, and his body also had the bloodlines of the Sun Moon Dragon, North Star Dragon, Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, Black Tortoise, and the Five Seasons Deity. With all kinds of wondrous methods, his body was many times stronger than ordinary cultivators. His physical body could change in size for a shocking period, and it would not matter even if he could maintain the speck of dust for tens of days. Ordinary experts would only last for two hours before their Jindan power was exhausted.

And more importantly, even if ordinary experts changed their size, it was difficult to hide the fluctuations of their Jindan power. But Gu Chensha's body had a space left behind by the Heavenly Grotto Ritual, and all the Jindan and power were hidden in the depths of that space. This way, even Jing Qiu would not be able to discover it. This was his greatest reliance and method to hide from Jing Qiu.

The rolling yellow sand, the blazing sun high up in the sky, could turn any living creature into withered bones.

At this moment, Gu Chensha had truly become Chensha, and he blended with the yellow sand in the sky, becoming indistinguishable, making it even harder to discover him.