Chapter 405
===========

Zhuge Ya had just received some of Heavenly Premier Tianyi's Daoist aura from the Life's Wish sphere. Gu Chensha immediately sensed it. In his sea of consciousness, he absorbed the aura, refined it, and divined it, making it a part of his own dao technique.

"Kid, I've already imparted all the experience I've gained from this strand of will to you. You actually managed to dispel the baleful aura within. That's very rare. Next, let's go with our deal, "Xing Qiongshi said.

"Didn't we agree that as long as I use the Jade Transformation Talisman to dissolve this jade mountain, I can obtain your bloodline and all of your memories?" Gu Chensha asked for confirmation.

"Sure. As long as you can accept it, I have no problems." Xing Qiongshi was very straightforward.

"Also, I alone am enough to dissolve this jade mountain."

Gu Chensha continued, "There's no need for this useless woman, Wu Dangkong. Over the past month, I'm sure you've seen many things clearly. No matter how much you nurture this woman, she won't amount to anything.

She's my enemy. If you insist on letting her participate in the matter of dissolving the jade mountain, then there's nothing we can talk about. I will do my best to stop it from happening. "

"Kid, I've never seen anyone who dares to bargain with me. I admire your courage." Xing Qiongshi was practically laughing.

"When you come out and see my father, you won't say that." Gu Chensha crossed his arms, as if he was certain he could get his hands on Xing Qiongshi.

"I really want to meet this person."

Xing Qiongshi's voice was filled with eagerness. "Alright, I agree. Since that's the case, let's begin." "Senior, you must not agree to it." At that moment, Wu Dangkong appeared from the Sun Moon Altar.

"You talk too much!"

Gu Chensha's eyes shone with a sharp light. "Xing Qiongshi has already imparted everything within this strand of will to you, but you still can't do anything to me. Earlier, you used the Sky-Rending Sacrifice while I was digesting the baleful aura. You're at your wit's end." Boom! Gu Chensha burst forth with unprecedented might and struck out with his palm.

Wu Dangkong didn't dare to resist at this time. She let out a long roar and started to run. If she wanted to run, Gu Chensha could chase after her and he had an eighty to ninety percent chance of catching up to her. But even if he caught up to her, she would hide in the depths of the Sun Moon Altar, and he couldn't do anything to her.

This was what he had done in the past. Now that it was being used as a refuge by Wu Dangkong, he was rather displeased. Moreover, the trade with the Xing Qiong Clan was the most important thing right now. As long as the deal went through, what would Wu Dangkong amount to? Sooner or later, he would be caught and suppressed.

"Now that this annoying fly is gone, we can start the transaction." Gu Chensha sighed. "If you had known this would happen, why did you do it in the first place? And wasted so much of our time. "

"I don't think it was a waste of time," Xing Qiong Clan said. "I've already touched upon the Deathless Dao. To me, time has no meaning. Besides, although I encountered a tribulation, I didn't die. This is an opportunity for me, and I've gained a lot of enlightenment.

Xing Qiongshi's voice rang out unhurriedly, "Furthermore, you've also obtained many benefits this time around. You've tempered your fleshly body to an unprecedented level. At the very least, I've seen many powerful existences before, but none of them were as powerful as you are now." "What about yourself?"

Gu Chensha had indeed obtained great achievements in the past month or so. Not only did he use Martial in the Skies to temper himself, he had also shattered and fused the grotto-heaven in the depths of his Sea of Consciousness and Sea of Qi. He had completely swept away the obstacles in his cultivation and advanced a step further.

"I was born this strong," the Xing Qiong Clan said.

"You don't understand my level at all, but that doesn't matter. Let's begin." "One more thing. I won't completely melt this jade mountain," Xing Qiong Clan said.

"Just like before, I'll melt some of it, and that should free up some of your thoughts. Teach me some of that. Let's do it bit by bit. It is impossible for me to melt the jade mountain right away. " Gu Chensha already had a plan in mind. He had detailed the transaction with the Xing Qiong Clan.

Each time he melted a bit of the jade mountain, he would obtain Xing Qiong Clan's memories. That way, he would be able to slowly improve and digest it. Not only would it save him a lot of trouble, but it would also prevent him from going back on his word.

"You really are so careful. It seems like I have no choice but to agree?" Xing Qiong Clan stared at Gu Chensha for a long while, "I guess that is the only way." "Okay."

Gu Chensha stood on the jade mountain and looked at the terrain. The surrounding seawater didn't pressure him at all.

He had spent over a month at the bottom of the ocean. Logically speaking, no matter how strong one was, as long as one had a physical body, one wouldn't be able to survive at the bottom of the ocean for so long.

Even when Fa Wuxian was at Dao Realm Stage 19, he wasn't able to hide so deep at the bottom of the ocean. As for Gu Chensha, he was able to do so easily. Weng …

Gu Chensha activated the Jade Transformation Talisman in his hand. The talisman spun in his palm and he grabbed. Kacha!

On the jade mountain, a fist-sized jade stone was grabbed. It turned into nectar in his hand and he absorbed it into his body. The jade mountain here was so tough that even Gods and Saints couldn't do anything about it.

The only thing that could melt the jade mountain was the Son of Heaven Sealing Technique's Jade Transformation Talisman.

Because of this, this jade stone contained an extremely tyrannical energy. This energy was transformed into bejeweled nectar, which was extremely nourishing to Gu Dusha. The jade stone even contained some of the essence of the three Sky Venerables.

The essence would gather into the nectar and in the blink of an eye, it would turn into pill energy. Not only would it refine the body, but it could also be stored to nourish the People's Wish Ball. Thinking about it, how strong would a jade mountain that even Saints couldn't do anything about be? How pure would the energy be?

Even if Gu Chensha didn't come to an agreement with the Xing Qiong Clan, he still wanted to obtain this jade mountain.

The lifeforce in the jade mountain probably surpassed the Azure Dragon Divine Wood by a lot. Last time, Gu Chensha had obtained a bit of it. Unfortunately, he couldn't comprehend its profoundness and could only absorb some Spirit Qi. Some of the purest things were lost for nothing. At that time, he couldn't feel it and thought that he had swallowed all the essence of the nectar.

However, he didn't know that many of the core things couldn't be digested after he swallowed them, so they were expelled from his body and dissipated into the world.

But now, Gu Chensha's cultivation had increased and his horizons had widened. He wouldn't make any more mistakes.

After the bejeweled nectar melted into his body, Gu Chensha's meridians and acupoints once again condensed a Gold Core.

First was the main golden core in the Tanzhong Acupoint, followed by the Baihui Acupoint, Laogong Acupoint, and Yongquan Acupoint.

After these golden cores were formed, with a thought from Gu Chensha, they suddenly dispersed and fused with his bloodline. With another thought, they condensed again. It was as he wished.

If experts from the Profound Immortal Dao Sects saw this, they would probably be scared out of their wits.

Any expert who managed to refine a golden core had to carefully refine the golden core and circulate it slowly. Otherwise, problems could easily arise.

Moreover, they had to guard against cultivation deviation and their golden core's devil transformation. How could one condense a golden core so casually, swallow it, disperse it, and condense it again?

But now that Gu Chensha had completely comprehended the secret of a golden core, it was just a combination of Yuan Shen and astral energy. When compressed, it would produce a large amount of energy. The so-called core qi, if used well, was extremely easy.

Grabbing a fist-sized piece of jade, the jade mountain seemed to shake slightly, and the Xing Qiong Clan's figure seemed to become a little more real.

"Xing Qiong Shi, you can give me the memories that you've unsealed now, right? Let's make other plans after this deal is done. "Gu Chensha didn't want to relax.

"Of course." Xing Qiong Clan didn't regret. He imparted the sealed memories and experience with another thought. It still contained an extremely ferocious intent.

However, with his previous experience, and having improved a lot this time, Gu Chensha actually secretly operated it and absorbed it again, sending it into the ball of People's Wish. This was a will, not energy, nor a material object. Therefore, the ball of People's Wish didn't consume a lot of energy.

In the ball of People's Wish, Zhuge Ya obtained this will again. He calculated deeply and used his own wisdom to see through the mysteries. Hum …

The Taiyi Heavenly Lord's figure in the Taiyi Pearl also became much clearer. There were more Daoist rhymes in it, and the scriptures he preached were also endless.

Some of the Taiyi Pearl's own abilities were also activated. It actually started to absorb chaotic energy.

"Excellent. No wonder it's the supreme treasure of the Taiyi Mystical Sect. It's a pity that the Taiyi Mystical Sect can't use it."

Zhuge Ya sighed in admiration. "With the help of the Taiyi Pearl, the speed at which the Heavenly Demon Sapling grows is incomparable to before. Right now, what we lack the most is time. Releasing the Xingqiong Clan might be troublesome, but we can only take a gamble."

Gu Chensha completely digested the essence of the jade and felt comfortable all over. As he operated his cultivation, his body felt like it was going to disperse and turn into magic power at any time.

His accumulation was so huge and thick that it was rare in history. Even the three Heavenly Lords couldn't have such a huge accumulation at his cultivation level.

But the more it was like this, the more vigilant he became. Because when he opened a bit of the seal, Xing Qiong Clan's aura became even more mysterious. He probably had some magical abilities.

However, he secretly communicated with Zhuge Ya, and Zhuge Ya told him to relax. He had his own ways.

"Alright, use the Jade Transformation Talisman again," Xing Qiong Clan urged.

"Looks like you're in a hurry too."

Gu Chensha observed for a while and felt that it was necessary to continue. He made another grabbing motion, and another fist-sized jade stone fell down.

The entire jade mountain was hundreds of kilometers in circumference, and the bottom was in a bottomless trench. If Gu Chensha continued to melt at this speed, he might not be able to melt it even in a thousand years. It was like a child picking up stones and throwing them into the ocean, trying to fill it up.

But as Gu Chensha's cultivation improved, it definitely wouldn't be as simple as digging up a small stone.