Chapter 1009
============

Livestock Chapter 1006: Livestock

"Everyone, be on guard."

When Jing Qiu heard The Great Spirit God say that, he was already on guard. In the Divine Central Plains, Jing Qiu and Fa Wuxian actually had a grudge against each other. Back then, they had fought over the secrets of the Polaris Star's reincarnation, and Jing Qiu had even lost to Fa Wuxian.

Later on, Fa Wuxian had been unable to recover from that setback, and Gu Chensha had found the underwater cave he had been hiding in and snatched away his fortuitous encounter. That was a matter of the past.

Although it had been a long time, Jing Qiu did not think that Fa Wuxian had let go of that grudge. On the contrary, Fa Wuxian would definitely seek revenge for the smallest grievance. Over the past few days, Fa Wuxian had actually hunted down Jing Qiu many times, but Jing Qiu had some tricks up his sleeves. By hiding and working together, he had not been killed and devoured by Fa Wuxian. Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, and the others were also extremely wary of Fa Wuxian.

Everyone got into formation, ready to join forces to resist Fa Wuxian's rampage at any time. After Fa Wuxian became the Devourer Progenitor, he had become very temperamental, and could devour anything at any time. They could not let their guard down. Ripples appeared one after another. The first thing that appeared was a dog.

No, to be more precise, it was something with a human head and a dog's body. This human head was Fa Wuxian's head, and around Fa Wuxian's neck was a dog's leash, and it was being led by someone from behind. The human-headed dog monster exuded a devouring power that made people despair.

Without a doubt, everyone here knew that this monster with a human head and a dog's body was Fa Wuxian. They didn't know who turned him into this. This was a huge humiliation, and it was even more unbearable than killing him.

"What's going on?" A great fear enveloped Jing Qiu's heart.

Apart from Jing Qiu, Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, Wan Senshi, and the rest were also terrified. Who could humiliate Fa Wuxian into a dog and even lead him on a leash? Then, the truth came to light. Gu Chensha was holding Fa Wuxian's hand. Gu Chensha appeared in front of everyone and looked around. "Everyone, how have you been?

We're all old friends in the Central Divine Prefecture. What are you all discussing together? Would you mind telling me?

This Fa Wuxian was disobedient and caused trouble everywhere, so I turned him into a dog to temper his temper. What do you think? "" Gu Chensha, I won't let you get away with this.

You might as well kill me. I hate it, I hate it! You beasts, Jing Qiu, Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, The Great Spirit God, you're all useless things. You've been hiding for so many years, and now you're in big trouble. If you'd known earlier, I would've devoured you and pushed my power to the limit, and I wouldn't be afraid of Gu Chensha. Heavens, how could I, Fa Wuxian, end up like this? "Fa Wuxian howled hysterically again.

He had been turned into a dog, and now he was in front of so many people. The humiliation multiplied. He felt that there was no one in the world who was more humiliated than he was.

"Gu Chensha, you …" The Great Spirit God moved and tried to escape.

However, with a slight movement from Gu Chensha, he had already taken control of the entire scene. All space-time was completely sealed, and this place became an independent space. No matter how the Mighty Miracle God changed, it was of no use.

"Gu Chensha, what are you doing?" Gu Tanjian was racking his brains, not daring to attack.

"What am I doing?"

Gu Chensha flicked his fingers and a throne appeared. He sat on it. "Everyone, I want to establish a dynasty that unifies the human world and become the only Great Emperor. I want to strengthen order and do some things. You can all become my subjects and sit under me. What do you think?

If you don't agree, Fa Wuxian is an example. Of course, Fa Wuxian colluded with that terrifying thing and tried to destroy the human world, so he should be imprisoned. " "I'm willing. I'm willing to submit."

The Great Spirit God's eyes turned and he immediately agreed. He was very good at changing the direction of the wind. He could endure even more humiliating things.

"Very good, The Great Spirit God, it's good that you took the lead. However, your sins are too great. Even if you take the lead, it's useless. Moreover, you are thick-skinned, so it doesn't matter if you suffer more humiliation. Of course, I still need you," Gu Chensha said. "So, you should become a dog like Fa Wuxian." "No!"

The Mighty Miracle God's body exploded, and he tried to escape in all directions. However, Gu Chensha pointed with his hand, and the power of immortality surrounded him from all directions. Once again, he gathered all of the Mighty Miracle God's cultivation base together, and then he also became a monster with a human head and a dog's body. He was wearing a dog chain, and he crawled on the ground side by side with Fa Wuxian.

"Those two won't repent. That's why I'm being a bit harsh on them. Jing Qiu, what do you think?" Gu Chensha said.

"Gu Chensha, your Dragonless Heart Technique emphasizes freedom and freedom. But now, you're trying to intimidate all living beings. That's going against your will.

Your cultivation base will definitely be affected. What are you trying to do? "Jing Qiu pretended to be calm.

"Your cultivation base is too low." Gu Chensha waved his hand. "There's no point in explaining it to you. You won't understand." "What if we don't submit, Gu Chensha? Are you going to turn us all into dogs? "Wan Senshi found it very difficult to calm down.

"Oh?

Wan Senshi, of course you're in the Central Divine Prefecture. You've been throwing the world into chaos. You actually tied my subordinates to pillars. Later, I made some progress in my cultivation, but I was busy with other things. I didn't have time to deal with you. Now that you've jumped out, I have some ideas. How about this? You imprisoned Yuhuan Lu all those years ago, and tied her to a pillar as a warning to everyone. Today, I'll turn you into a chariot pulling mount. You'll pull Yuhuan Lu's chariot. "

Even as he spoke, Gu Chensha waved his hand, and a space-time tunnel appeared. Yuhuan Lu walked out, then bowed. "Greetings, subordinate."

"This is Wan Senshi. Although he's reached the Heaven Realm, he hasn't been called an ancestor. Now, I'll reduce him to a chariot pulling mount for you to order around."

Gu Chensha waved his hand, and a chariot appeared. Then he waved his hand again, and Wan Senshi screamed. He turned into a horse, but with the head of a man and the body of a horse. The head was still Wan Senshi's head, but the body was that of a horse, tied to a chariot.

"Gu Chensha, you and I are irreconcilable enemies. I curse you. I curse you to fall!" Wan Senshi cursed viciously.

Seeing The Great Spirit God turn into a dog, and Wan Senshi become a chariot pulling horse, everyone present trembled in fear. They would rather die than be humiliated like this.

"I've offended you, Gu Chensha. What do you want to turn me into?" Jing Qiu said calmly.

"Jing Qiu, you're a talented and daring person. Back then, you were the first to rebel against the imperial court. Although you were suppressed, your courage is commendable. I'm not going to deal with you. As long as you submit to me and help me do things, I won't humiliate you." Gu Chensha naturally had his own plans.

"Subordinate obeys." At this time, he had no choice but to lower his head. Jing Qiu knelt down.

"Gu Chensha, how are you going to deal with us?" Gu Tanjian said coldly.

"You?"

Gu Chensha said, "You were originally my nephews. Unfortunately, you were stubborn and used your abilities recklessly. However, your abilities are the Limitless Sword, the reincarnation of the Limitless Blade. You can revert to your original form, becoming a blade and a sword. Change! " As he spoke, waves of power flowed into Gu Tanjian's body.

Immediately, Gu Tanjian roared, "Gu Chensha, you actually want to turn me into a sword? I'd rather die than do this!" "It's not up to you." Gu Chensha snapped his fingers. Instantly, a blade and a sword appeared in the air. They were the transformations of Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian.

"Jin Suibo." Gu Chensha called out.

"Subordinate is here."

At this time, a man with the aura of a peerless strategist appeared. He was an elder of the Everlasting Celestial Sect who had been by Gu Chensha's side for a long time, Jin Suibo. In the Divine Central Plains, Jin Suibo had been the strategist behind the Seventh Prince Gufasa, but he had been convinced by Zhuge Ya. Now, Jin Suibo had become the "Patriarch of Schemes." And Zhuge Ya was the Patriarch of Schemes.

"The quality of this blade and sword has completely surpassed that of the Endless Blade. The Endless Sword can serve as a symbol of authority for the new dynasty," Gu Chensha said. Swish, swish, swish …

Soon after, Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, Zhuge Ya, the Martial Sage, Chang Weiyang, Chang Yuzhou, Frost Jade, Long Yuyun, and the others who had followed Gu Chensha in the Divine Central Plains appeared one after another. They had all become Patriarchs.

"Jing Qiu, Gu Huo," Gu Chensha said. "I can give you some tasks. You'll establish a new dynasty and dominate the world. You'll truly govern the myriad realms and unify the human realm. You'll assist the imperial court in spreading the Dragonless Heart Sutra so that many living beings don't need to absorb the nutrients of the human realm to survive. Instead, you'll be better off giving them to the human realm. That's true merit," Gu Chensha said.

"If that's the case, we have nothing else to say. We're willing to submit." Jing Qiu and Gu Huo knew that there was no longer any room for negotiation.

Seeing that Fa Wuxian had turned into a human-headed dog, The Great Spirit God did the same. Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian had turned into blades, while Wan Senshi had turned into a horse pulling a chariot. This truly shocked the two of them. Gu Chensha didn't make a move, but when he did, it was a move that made them feel worse than death.

"You two can start establishing a dynasty, a palace even more powerful than the Heavenly Court," Gu Chensha said. "I'll go talk to the Emperor Of Heaven and have him become my vassal as well." "Chensha, I'm afraid the Emperor Of Heaven won't agree." Wen Hong smiled.

"It doesn't matter."

Gu Chensha held Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God by the leash. "I'm turning into a dog for the Emperor Of Heaven to see. If he dares to defy me, he'll end up the same. I've been making arrangements all these years, and I haven't used any thunderous methods. Now is the most crucial time for my arrangements. I need to change my previous methods as well. I've been too lenient in the past, causing the people of the world to be completely ignorant of my power."