Chapter 562
===========

Back then, when Gu Chensha used the All-encompassing Shattering Rod to fight the Peerless Heavenly Book with the power of the Life's Wish sphere, the sphere had yet to evolve into a Minor Chiliocosm.

But now, not only had the sphere evolved into a Minor Chiliocosm, but the Tree of Desire had also absorbed the fattened Xing Qianxiong, which was equivalent to absorbing the Peerless Heavenly Book as well. Not only did the Deity of Desire evolve into a mature form, it even absorbed the vast amount of demons from the Divine Land's Demon Sealing Lantern. Compared to before, it was worlds apart.

As long as the Deity of Desire on the Tree of Desire matured and breathed at will, it could completely activate the All-encompassing Shattering Rod. Therefore, even if he faced a Martial Emperor, Gu Chensha had a way to capture him.

Of course, it was best not to face him head-on. It was best to use a scheme to steal the Primeval Dragon Gate's talisman. If it were anyone else, this idea would simply be wishful thinking. But Gu Chensha had the cultivation of the Heavenly Dao Technique and was also proficient in the Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique and Dragon Creation Cultivation Technique. Furthermore, he had helped Jin Suibo raise his talent to the Innate Sage Realm and used the Heavenly Dao Technique to infuse the Qi of the Sacred Dragon into him.

In terms of activating the Primeval Dragon Gate's talisman, he had an advantage over Martial Emperors. These were the foundations for him to obtain the talisman. Soon, he arrived at the Martial Province.

The five mountains — Taiwu Mountain, Yuanwu Mountain, True Martial Mountain, Yangwu Mountain, and Martial Transformation Mountain — were like a palm, standing tall in the center of the Martial Province. They had a majestic aura, as if they wanted to absorb everything from the heavens. They represented absolute martial power.

But in Gu Chensha's view, the Luck of the Wu clan had greatly decreased. It was almost at its weakest level in history.

His gaze could pierce through the void, and he could see the situation of the Martial Sage's Paradise in the space-time near the five mountains of the Legalism.

The appearance of the Martial Sage's Paradise was also like a closed fist. It was originally filled with power and could break through the heavens, opening an ancient path in space-time.

But now, the Martial Saint's Paradise had been split into three, and their powers were not in harmony. They were doing things their own way, and there was a faint enmity between them, each wanting to devour the other. This led to endless internal strife. Not only did the Luck of the Martial Saint's Paradise plummeted, but the people's hearts were also scattered.

At least, many of the Wu Clan's disciples and elders knew that the Martial Saint's Cave was controlled by three forces. The first was King Wu Yu, the second was Martial Emperor, and the third was Wu Dangkong. So, who did the disciples and elders listen to? Without a unified backbone, it would lead to chaos in management. Once the people's hearts were scattered, their Karmic Luck would also disperse. The Wu Clan's great situation was destroyed in a single day. Even if a Martial Sage were to come back to life, it would be useless.

This was because a Martial Emperor was an anomaly. Given time, he felt that his cultivation would definitely surpass that of a Martial Saint. How could he be willing to listen to a Martial Saint?

Furthermore, Wu Dangkong had obtained the support of the Xing Qiong Clan and the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree. She thought that she was the chosen of the heavens. Even the Dharma Saint had to work under her, so how could she be willing to listen to the Dharma Saint?

It would be best if the Wu Clan completely fell and the Martial Saint's Paradise was absorbed by me. That would be perfect. The Wu Clan's disciples would be scattered and wouldn't be able to gather again. In the future, they are not allowed to worship the Martial Saint in private. Instead, they will be given to the country as a public sacrifice. Gu Chensha wasn't in a hurry to enter the Martial Saint's Paradise. Instead, he was observing the Luck of the Martial Saint and calculating.

In his opinion, even if the commoners worshipped the Martial Saint, there would be great disadvantages.

After a long period of worship, the Martial Saint would show himself and consolidate the clan. Everyone would have their own plans, and it would be extremely disadvantageous to the Imperial Court. However, the Martial Saints had made great contributions to the human race. Even Gu Chensha couldn't help but admit that the Martial Saints had created many secret arts for the cultivation of the human race. However, for those with great merits, it was natural for them to worship them.

Therefore, the right to worship had to be taken back. Private sacrifices were not allowed, and only the Imperial Court was allowed to hold public sacrifices.

'If I can survive this tribulation of the Celestial Tranquility Department, I will abolish the aristocratic families and carry out reforms. After that, I will build a Temple of Ten Thousand Saints and record all the meritorious people in the temple. The country will hold public sacrifices, but the commoners are not allowed to worship privately. This way, the world will be at peace, ghosts and gods will be cleansed, and there will be eternal peace.' Gu Chensha naturally had his own ideas for governing the country.

After observing for a while, Gu Chensha saw the gaps between the Martial Saint's Paradise's operations. He changed slightly, and his aura became exactly the same as the Martial Saint's Paradise's aura. Then, he snuck into the Paradise.

With Wu Dang Xing's identity, he could move freely in the depths of the Paradise. This was given to him by King Wu Yu. However, when the Martial Saint's Paradise was separated, all the treasures were lost. King Wu Dang Xing was suspected to be the culprit. Therefore, King Wu Dang Xing was stripped of his right to enter.

Fortunately, Gu Chensha was extremely familiar with the Martial Saint's Paradise and understood the changes within. Moreover, the management of this Minor Chiliocosm was in a mess now. Martial Monarchs like Wu Dangkong couldn't truly control one-third of the Paradise. This was because the Martial Saint left something behind.

After all, the Martial Saint's Paradise was created by the Martial Saint. It was also a means for him to plan for thousands of years. Otherwise, if there was no one to worship it, he would have sunk into oblivion. It would have been impossible for him to manifest his spirit.

In other words, the Martial Saint's Paradise contained the Martial Saint's Primordial Spiritual Energy. It was extremely difficult for a Martial Monarch to refine it.

Whether it was King Wu Yu's group of nine, Martial Monarchs, or Wu Dangkong, they only had the right to use the Martial Saint's Paradise. They didn't have the right to own it. They could borrow the Martial Saint's Paradise's power to do things, attack enemies, and defend. However, it was impossible for them to refine the Paradise for their own cultivation.

This way, the Martial Saint's Paradise's loophole would be even bigger. It would be even more convenient for Gu Chensha to use the Heavenly Law Art to conceal himself.

The Wu Clan's decline would be easy to disintegrate. However, it would be very difficult for the Legalism School. Now that the Dharma Saint had revived, the Legalism School would soon become a medium-class realm. At that time, it would be a great threat to the imperial court. Moreover, the Dharma Saint's Spirit Demon Project was a grand plan to exterminate the human race and overthrow the imperial court.

"I wonder if there is any way to disintegrate the Legalism School." Gu Chensha looked at the Wu Clan and thought of the Legalism School.

The Legalism School was the hardest bone to chew. If he could chew it, it would truly be smooth sailing. "Right now, I should obtain the Primeval Desolate Dragon's Gate's talisman and survive this tribulation."

Gu Chensha executed the Heavenly Law Art and searched for the loophole in the Martial Saint's Paradise. Then, he entered the Paradise.

The depths of the Paradise were indeed clearly divided into three regions. Each region was separated by a Spatial Crystal Barrier, and they did not invade each other. Gu Chensha immediately found the region where the Martial Emperor was and sneaked in.

If this Martial Saint's Paradise was the Martial Emperor's own Life Minute World, it would be almost impossible for Gu Chensha to sneak in. Even if it was Xing Qianxiong's Minute World, Gu Chensha would have to execute a scheme to lure the wolf into the house.

This Martial Saint's Paradise was not the Martial Emperor's own. The difference in compatibility was too great. Moreover, there were restrictions from Wu Dangkong and King Wu Yu's group of nine. The security was greatly reduced.

Gu Chensha transformed and concealed himself. Using the Minor Chiliocosm's various profundities, he had already entered the Martial Emperor's region. He saw that the Martial Emperor was actually cultivating.

In this region of the Martial Saint's Paradise, the Martial Emperor did not execute any methods to strengthen the Paradise's might. In his opinion, the gains did not make up for the losses. If he had the energy and effort, he might as well condense his own Minute World. The Martial Emperor built an altar in this region and cultivated a secret technique.

He breathed in and out. A pagoda floated above his head. This pagoda was densely covered with runes and words. There were also rolling and scattering in the Space World. It was clearly the appearance of the Dragon Transformation Pagoda.

"This is the Martial Emperor's Minute World."

Gu Chensha could see that the Martial Emperor also wanted to turn his Minute World into a Minor Chiliocosm. Originally, the Martial Emperor had turned his Minute World into a Minor Chiliocosm with the peak of the Thirty-six Transformations, his cultivation of Free Form Embodiment, and the might of the Martial Emperor Dynasty. But after he fell, the Minor Chiliocosm was also destroyed. Later, with the help of Gu Chensha's bloodline, he quickly cultivated to the God Realm, and wanted to condense his Minute World again.

Unfortunately, although the Martial Emperor had comprehended the Divergent, he had to start all over again. He did not have the dignity of the Emperor who unified the Divine Continent, nor did he have the countless treasures of the past. It was almost impossible to cultivate the Minute World into a Minor Chiliocosm in a short period of time.

It should be known that even the 72 Mystical Gates of the Immortal Dao and the World of Sages required several gods to work together to develop disciples and worship. It would take generations and thousands of years for the transformation to be successful. How could the Martial Emperor do it in such a hurry?

"The Primeval Dragon Sect's talisman is suppressing this Minute World. This is not easy."

Gu Chensha saw the Martial Emperor's Minute World. In the depths of the pagoda, there was a talisman suppressing the world. It was the talisman he had used last time. However, this talisman did not seem to have much power.

The Martial Emperor was using the Dragon Cultivation Method to cultivate Dragon Qi and infusing it into the talisman. He could only use it when it was full.

"This is a good chance. When I used the talisman last time, it used up all the power it had accumulated. Now, the Martial Emperor can no longer use it. This is one of the disadvantages of the Martial Emperor. If he can learn the Dragon Cultivation Method, it will be much easier to use this talisman. It might even be several times more powerful."

Gu Chensha observed for a long time. He was not anxious. Although he had sneaked into the Martial Saint's Paradise, it was because the Paradise had a huge loophole. If he wanted to sneak into the Martial Emperor's Minute World, it would be very difficult, unless the Martial Emperor followed Xing Qian Xiong and led a wolf into his house.

"Looks like I have to find a chance to use a trick and let the Martial Emperor absorb me into the Minute World?" Gu Chensha thought. He was waiting for a chance.