Chapter 136
===========

I will provide you with some interesting reading. XsHuoTXt

"Boss, this person is evil by nature. If anything happens to him in the future, he will definitely bring disaster to the world." Gu Chensha also spoke the truth. "He treats human life like grass. Where is the least bit of the law of the imperial court?"

"Boss has indeed gone too far in some matters, so the emperor has also rebuked him this time. He has made Long Yuyun a general working under the Marquis of Calming Sea. I think his authority on the sea has been greatly restricted."

Lou Baiyue clearly did not want to be on good terms with the first prince. "The emperor is quite dissatisfied with him. Let's see if he restrains himself. If he ruins the emperor's plan, hehe …" Lou Baiyue's two laughs were very disdainful. It seemed that she looked down on the first prince.

The first prince was the head of the many princes. He had a tyrannical cultivation and great influence. His mother's family came from a sage family. Even immortal sects did not dare to look down on him. Yet, Lou Baiyue actually dared to look down on him. Gu Chensha could not help but suspect that this woman might have obtained some kind of support.

Her subordinates, the Three Incenses, were still working under her. These days, she had been using them quite smoothly. She was managing the affairs of the manor, communicating with Lou Baiyue's fief, conducting business, and negotiating with the nobles. She was better than her foster son and the others. Only Long Yuyun and the Frost Jade Dew were better than the Three Incenses.

However, Long Yuyun had returned to Dragon Sword Island and was too busy. Frost Jade had also become the director of the Ministry of Commerce and worked everywhere for the imperial court. She could not be counted on.

Of course, these two secretly worked for the imperial court for Gu Chensha, so the fief benefited a lot.

In the past few months, the specialties of the Wilderness had been sold overseas. Many medicinal herbs, spices, and marine goods from overseas had also been transported to the Wilderness. Otherwise, Wang Zhi and Lan Qi would not have been able to produce so many medicinal pills. Even the Gu technique required various medicinal herbs. It was not just insects.

If Wang Zhi and Lan Qi did not rely on Gu Chensha and searched for medicinal herbs themselves, they would still be chased by the righteous sects. They would not have been able to achieve this.

"Everyone, please follow me. The emperor has set up a banquet in the Qian Palace to entertain everyone." Right at this moment, a voice sounded.

A eunuch appeared at the entrance of the garden. His voice was not loud, but everyone could hear him clearly. It was Gao Ling, the chief steward of the Six Palaces.

Many of the immortal dao disciples here had their eyes at the top of their heads, viewing the world of mortals as ants. However, when they saw this person, they all revealed expressions of shock, as if they were extremely fearful.

"Who would've thought that the Six Paths Demon Sect's Sect Master Takamagahara, one of the 36 Demon Sects, would become a palace eunuch …" Luo Wu was also quite shocked. Voices could be heard one after another. It was the disciples of the immortal dao sects who were shocked.

The ancient era's seventy-two profound sects of the Immortal Dao and thirty-six evil sects, one righteous and one evil, stood in opposition to each other.

The status and strength of the Six Paths Demon Sect were equivalent to the top ten sects of the 72 celestial sects. The sect leader was in a supreme realm and had comprehended the Six Paths Mystic Art. Many disciples of the celestial dao had died because of the Sky Demon Orthodox Sect.

The immortal dao disciples that came this time were all outstanding figures, and they were experienced and knowledgeable. They vaguely recognized Great Eunuch Gao Ling's true identity. Sect Master of the Six Paths Demon Sect, Takamagahara.

"Hehe!"

Gao Ling seemed to have heard these discussions. He turned his head and smiled. It was indescribably eerie and terrifying. The entire garden seemed to have turned into a demonic realm. "Everyone here is a disciple of the celestial dao. You are all high and mighty, and you don't care about the laws of the world. However, let me warn everyone here. Now that you are in the imperial court, you must follow the imperial court's rules. Everything under the heavens belongs to the emperor. When you meet the emperor later, don't be disrespectful. You must also kneel and greet him."

When these words were said, many immortal dao disciples were furious, but they didn't dare to flare up.

Based on their intuition, they could feel that this Great Eunuch Gao Ling's demonic art could cover the sky and tear apart the sky. (This chapter is not over. Please continue to the next page.)

"Eunuch Gao has good intentions. Please don't take it to heart." At this moment, another eunuch came in front of them. He had a benevolent look on his face. He was Eunuch Wang.

"Constant Sorrow Demon Sect's sect leader, Wang Bei." Another wise person recognized this person.

Not to mention these immortal dao disciples, even Gu Chensha was extremely shocked. He didn't expect that the two eunuchs who often came to pass on decrees and interacted with him were actually sect leaders of the ancient 36 Demon Sects.

The sect leaders of the immortal dao were high and mighty. They looked down on the common people and were at the peak of all living things.

The sect leaders of the Demon Dao could cover the sky with one hand and devour the mountains and rivers. They were the ancestors of demons and ghosts.

Now that Gu Chensha's cultivation was much more profound, he had read the ancient books diligently and his experience had also gradually deepened. He already knew how strong the ancient 36 Demon Dao sect leaders were.

Black Demon Bat, Yin Yang Scholar, Hundred Poison Daoist, Blood Soul Sect Leader, these demons were just small fries. To the ancient orthodox Demon Dao, they were just outer sect disciples.

Of course, the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor didn't care about these small fries causing trouble among the common people because he wanted to train the abilities of his subordinates. As a supreme Great Emperor, it was impossible for him to care about such trivial matters.

For example, in Gu Chensha's fief, there were a few barbarian slaves who rebelled. He couldn't personally suppress them. Instead, he sent a few captains and soldiers to settle them. In fact, he didn't even need to mobilize people of Liu Yu's level.

The ones that required the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor to personally take action were naturally at the level of the Evil God, a true and lofty god.

Similarly, the ones that required the ancient 36 Demon Dao sect leaders to personally take action were these arrogant and unruly immortal dao disciples.

Gu Chensha didn't dare to underestimate these disciples. Luo Wu was definitely much stronger than Yi Ming. Lei Tianhui was also stronger than Yi Ming. As for the youth beside Gu Chensha, he also knew that he was definitely the most outstanding person in the Fan Clan.

None of these immortal dao disciples were easy to deal with. Even one of them could turn the world upside down. Not to mention the powers behind them.

At this moment, with the appearance of the two eunuchs, Gu Chensha felt as though he could see the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor telling the immortals in the Eastern Wilderness: "All of you have to kneel to me too."

This was a game between the imperial court and the immortals. Gu Chensha felt that he couldn't even be considered as one of them. He was too weak. He had painstakingly cultivated for a year and had many fortuitous encounters. But in the eyes of the immortal dao sects, he was merely a child's play.

Under the lead of the two ancient demon dao sect leaders, the group of immortal dao disciples felt that it was very strange, but they still followed them. Not long later, they passed through layers of palaces and arrived at the Qian Hall.

The Qian Hall was extremely huge. The ceiling was actually made of glass, allowing sunlight to shine in. There were hundreds of tables placed in the hall. There were fruits on the tables, but they were quite ordinary. There were only Fire Dates and Purplish Green Peaches.

Fire Dates and Purplish Green Peaches were good things to the rich and powerful, but to these immortal dao disciples, they were very ordinary.

However, these immortal dao disciples didn't have the mood to be picky. They were all focused on the two eunuchs.

The Hexapath Devil Sect and Everlasting Sorrow Devil Sect's sect leaders stood on two sides of the high and mighty thrones in the hall.

Since ancient times, the dao, devil, and demon factions had been at odds with each other. Demons and demons cooperated with each other, while immortals, demons, immortals, and demons were like fire and water.

But seeing the two devil dao sect leaders, these immortal dao disciples didn't have any intention of exterminating the devils. These two weren't ordinary devils, they were the Devil Taoist Ancestor. In order to kill these two, at least ten immortal dao sect leaders would need to set up a grand formation to trap the two Devil Taoist Ancestor Ancestors. Then, they would have to spend time to slowly refine them.

With these immortal dao disciples, they would be killed like vegetables. No matter how talented they were, it would be useless. After these disciples sat down, a voice suddenly rang out, "His Majesty has arrived." (If this chapter isn't finished, please flip the page) Great Emperor Heaven Talisman came out of the inner palace and sat on the throne.

"Son greets Emperor Father." All the princes went forward and kowtowed.

The other immortal dao disciples hesitated, but Luo Wu was the first to come out, "Heavenly Dance Mystic Sect disciple Luo Wu greets Emperor."

With her taking the lead, these immortal dao disciples all left their seats and bowed. No matter how unwilling they were, they could only kneel here.

Not to mention the terror of the two ancient devil dao sect leaders, the true terror was still Great Emperor Heaven Talisman sitting on the throne.

"Everyone, please rise." Great Emperor Heaven Talisman raised his hand. These immortal dao disciples hurriedly got up and looked at each other, all of them were furious.

This was the imperial court of the mortal world. In their hearts, it was an unbearably filthy world, and they were 'immortals'.

They never cared about the officials of the imperial court. Now, they were kneeling together with the officials of the mortal world to worship the emperor. But there was nothing they could do.

"All of you must be feeling very uncomfortable in your hearts."

Great Emperor Heaven Talisman looked at the hundreds of elite immortal dao disciples and directly said, "All of you used to be lofty immortals. The moment you entered the immortal dao, you were no longer subject to the laws of the mortal world.

You even dared to kill officials of the imperial court in the name of purging demons. Today, I summoned all of you here to remind you that in the future, be it immortals or devils, all of you have to obey the laws of the imperial court. Don't think that the imperial court can't do anything to you just because you hide in your sects. Of course, if you come out and work for the imperial court, the imperial court will not be stingy with your rewards. "

These disciples still didn't speak, they communicated with each other through their gazes. Some of them had dark expressions, and their eyes were filled with killing intent.

"Summon the Iron Blood Marquis to the palace." Great Emperor Heaven Talisman didn't mind, he only issued the decree.

Hearing the summons from the eunuch, the Iron Blood Marquis who was waiting outside walked into the palace.

"This humble subject greets Your Majesty."

The aura from the Iron Blood Marquis was extremely tyrannical. Clearly, he no longer concealed his true strength. As a Grand Marquis of the imperial court, he was someone who specialized in killing and making decisions. With a sweep of his gaze, some of the immortal dao disciples actually saw a boundless battlefield. In the center of the battlefield, there was an iron-blood flag that swept across the world. Everywhere it passed, the flames of war would burn.

"War God Iron Blood Flag, what identity does he have?

It's rumored that when the ancient War God fell, he left behind a prophecy. If this flag appears, it would be the day he reappears in the world. "Lei Tianhui was shocked, he didn't dare to say it out loud. In the great hall, the atmosphere was extremely tense.

"Are all the officials here?" Great Emperor Heaven Talisman asked.

"Replying to Your Majesty, all the officials are waiting outside." Iron Blood Marquis replied.

"Call them in then." Great Emperor Heaven Talisman ordered.

"Yes!" "All officials, enter the palace and have an audience with the emperor!" Eunuch Gao Ling commanded.

All the officials outside entered in a single file. Lou Chongxiao, Fang Lin, Minister Wen, Liang Tao, Zhu Xia … these were all officials from the Upper Study Room. Other than them, there were also officials from various departments. There were more than a thousand of them, all of them were the most influential officials in the imperial court.

Any of the officials here today could cause a huge wave with a stomp of their feet. But now, they could only bow and kowtow.

The great hall was extremely spacious, it could easily accommodate tens of thousands of people. Even with hundreds of immortal dao disciples and thousands of officials here, it didn't feel crowded at all.

"Iron Blood Marquis, announce the recent illegal acts of the immortal dao disciples." Although Great Emperor Heaven Talisman's tone was soft, it was like a bolt from the blue to Gu Chensha's ears.

"Could it be that Imperial Father is going to judge the immortal dao?!" He had an inconceivable feeling. (End of this chapter.) .50z.