Chapter 245
===========

"What? Father actually let Wu Dangkong decide everything in the study room? That's the regent? Isn't that nonsense?

A newly conferred concubine has to be cautious in the harem and do things with her tail between her legs. How did she suddenly become the chief minister of the study room? And it even smells like regent? "

Gu Chensha was cultivating. When he heard that Concubine Ming had entered the study room, his first reaction was that it was preposterous. He also felt that the Heavenly Talisman Thearch had gone berserk. But when he thought about it carefully, there was probably a deeper meaning behind it.

"No matter how the world changes, the most important thing is still strength. After obtaining the Book of Heavenly Demon, the contents have inspired me greatly. It's a good time to cultivate and strengthen my Xiantian Astral Energy." He didn't forget about his cultivation.

These days, while cultivating in the mountains, he once again carefully calculated and analyzed his own strengths and weaknesses.

His greatest strength was his two magical treasures. The first was the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, which had fused with his sea of consciousness. It protected his soul from being taken away and his mind from being controlled by others. If he encountered any danger he couldn't resist, he could hide in the space of the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar. Even a god couldn't do anything to him.

The second was the Dragon Gate. It could absorb Xiantian Astral Energy attacks and even absorb spiritual will attacks. Apart from that, it could store Xiantian Astral Energy hundreds of times more than his own.

If he didn't have these two magic treasures, he would only be able to defeat someone who was three transformations higher than him at most. He wouldn't be able to surpass them any further.

He was now at the tenth transformation of the Dao Realm. If he met an expert at the thirteenth transformation of the Demon Eater and Ghost Eater, he could still fight. If he met someone at the fourteenth transformation of the Primordial Spirit, he could only flee.

But now, with these two Dharma treasures, even the Golden Core of the Eighteen Transformations Great Dao couldn't do anything to him.

However, this ultimately relied on the power of the Dharma treasures and not his own cultivation. Especially the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, it was very unreliable. Maybe one day, the Heavenly Dao would change and the talisman would fly away. The Dragon Gate was still fine as it was refined by itself.

After obtaining the cultivation technique on the Skydemon Book, Gu Chensha thought of ways to raise his cultivation level again. Over the past few days, he had set up the Dharma Altar to draw the power of the stars. With his robust foundation, he managed to master the Black Tortoise Seven Mansions Transformation of the 28 Constellations Demon God Transformation in a short month.

Combining his innate Gang Qi with the power of the stars, he formed seven Demon God Celestial Monarchs: the Fighting Wood Centipede, the Golden Ox Niu, the Earth Bat of Girl, the Sun Rat of Emptiness, the Wei Yueyan, the Room Fire Pig, and the Wall Water Centipede.

Every time he formed a Fiend God Celestial Lord, his innate energy doubled, and with seven of them added together, it was a sevenfold increase.

Then, the seven Fiend God Star Monarchs condensed into a Star Black Tortoise, which swam in the depths of the body's major meridians, expanding the capacity of the body.

If he mastered the 28 Constellations Demon God Transformation, he would form the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise in his body. Together with the Sky Demon Secret Technique, he would be able to cultivate the Sky Demon True Body. The storage capacity and toughness of the energy would surpass that of ancient beasts.

However, the reason why Gu Chensha could cultivate the seven divine beast Celestial Lords in a short time and form the Star Black Tortoise was that he had the Black Tortoise bloodline in his body and was extremely familiar with it.

As for the remaining Azure Dragon, White Tiger, and Vermilion Bird, it would be very difficult for him to cultivate. He would need at least a few decades of hard work.

Of course, he was not satisfied with the cultivation technique on the Skydemon Book. Instead, he integrated the 28 Constellations Demon God Transformation's profundity into the Common People Heaven Mending Technique that he created. Therefore, the Fiend God Star Monarch he cultivated did not have the tyrannical aura that came from the ancient times. Instead, it had the spirit and aura of caring for the world, constantly striving to become stronger, and never admitting defeat.

As the Fiend God Star Monarch condensed and became active, his Common People Heaven Mending Technique became more and more perfect.

One had to know that he was not as talented as he was in the past. At that time, his cultivation technique was basically full of flaws. He was now an unparalleled genius that was rarely seen in history.

Even an unparalleled genius like Gu Huo could create the Nine Disasters Transformation, let alone him.

The Common People Heaven Mending Technique was a Dao that he comprehended himself. It was connected to his life and no one could take it away.

At this moment, he was comprehending the transformation in an attempt to strengthen his Spiritual Will and cultivate the Eleventh Transformation, Soul Tentacles.

This transformation was to continuously condense his Spiritual Will into one and spread it out of his body to explore and sense the outside world. From there, he could use his heart to observe the true appearance of the world.

However, this transformation was very difficult to cultivate. Although Gu Chensha had some ideas, he was still far from being able to use it as he wished and sense everything like a tentacle.

Suddenly, he felt that the power of the stars above the mountain seemed to be disturbed by a huge magnetic field. He hurriedly opened his eyes. The Sun Moon Dragon Eye suddenly emitted a blinding light.

He saw an extremely handsome young man with an unparalleled demeanor standing high in the sky. His Connate Earth Qi condensed into a small door.

However, the door emitted an extremely powerful aura as if it was going to destroy the entire mountain.

"Heaven Earth Black Gate! Golden Core expert!

This person is a Golden Core expert from the Heavenly Heaven Earth Sect. "Gu Chensha immediately recognized this method.

He had discussed with Tai Mengdi from the Taiyi Fantasy Sect for a long time and naturally knew the various methods of the Heavenly Heaven Earth Sect.

The Heavenly Heaven Earth Sect was the number one Profound Sect while the Taiyi Fantasy Sect was number two.

The two sects seemed to be harmonious on the surface, but they were actually fighting openly and secretly. As the son of the sect master of the Taiyi Fantasy Sect, he naturally knew all the methods of the opponent.

Once the Heavenly Heaven Earth Sect Transformation was used, it could shatter everything, shape the universe, and seize the opportunity of life and death.

At this moment, the Black Tortoise baby wasn't by his side. Although he wasn't afraid of Golden Core experts, he definitely wouldn't underestimate them. Especially Golden Core experts from the number one sect like the Heavenly Heaven Earth Sect.

Since the other party had used such a powerful martial art, he was definitely an enemy and not a friend. When Gu Chensha saw it, he attacked.

He didn't attack himself. Instead, he slapped his seat. Instantly, dozens of starlights flew out from the bottom of the altar. They were like comets, dragging long tails and as fast as lightning. In an instant, they struck the young man in the sky, Jing Fanxing.

"Demon God's Great Destruction Thunder?"

Jing Fanxing suddenly expanded the Heavenly Heaven Earth Sect and absorbed the starlight thunder. "This thunder takes a long time to prepare. Although it's powerful, it's still lacking in the face of the Heavenly Heaven Earth Sect Transformation." Boom! Just as he spoke, the starlight thunder that he swallowed suddenly underwent a huge change.

All the starlight thunder turned into dazzling light that was like the sun and the moon. After condensing violently, it suddenly exploded. The entire Heavenly Heaven Earth Sect that was formed by Gang Qi was torn apart. Then, the tearing force swept out and enveloped Jing Fanxing's body.

"What is this? It's not the Demon God's Great Destruction Thunder. "

The Heavenly Heaven Earth Sect that was formed by Jing Fanxing's own Gang Qi exploded. His Primordial Qi shook, and his Qi and blood surged. He spat out a mouthful of blood.

At this moment, Gu Chensha got up from the altar on the mountain and turned into a human figure. He had already arrived in front of Jing Fanxing and pointed out with a finger. This finger was the Common People Heaven Mending Technique.

Jing Fanxing had just been hit by the thunder and was caught off guard. He was slightly injured, and his Xiantian Gang Qi was in a mess. Gu Chensha had seized this opportunity to suddenly attack. This was his chain of attacks.

His Life Mending Heaven Technique had tens of thousands of transformations. It was like a saint asking the heavens, and a whirlpool appeared on his finger. It seemed like it wanted to suck in everything in its path and then break it open to create a new essence of the Great Dao.

In a hurry, Jing Fanxing struck out with his palm, and the tip of Gu Chensha's finger made contact. Both of them were sent flying. Whoosh! Jing Fanxing let out a long howl and spat out another mouthful of blood. He was far away.

He had been injured twice, and he was afraid that his opponent would have more powerful techniques. It was best to save his life first.

As for Gu Chensha, he landed on the ground. The blood in his body roiled, and he only calmed down after dozens of breaths.

"This person is strong. A Golden Dan Great Dao expert is indeed not to be underestimated.

If I hadn't hidden the Sun and Moon Divine Thunder within the Demon God's God of Destruction Thunder and caught him off guard, I'm afraid there would have been a battle. It's hard to say who would have won. "Gu Chensha was secretly shocked.

When he had faced the 18 Transformation Golden Dan Great Dao Gu Huo, if he hadn't used the Black Tortoise baby, he wouldn't have been able to fight back.

And now, Jing Fanxing's strength was probably above Gu Huo's. But he was alone, and with his changes and preparation, he had injured his opponent and forced him to flee. From this, one could see that his strength had improved tremendously over the past few months.

He had set up an altar at the top of the mountain to cultivate and gather the power of the stars. Putting aside the fact that he had condensed the Demon God's Thunder of Destruction underground, he had also executed the Sun Moon Obliteration ultimate art and mixed the Sun Moon Divine Thunder into the Demon God's Thunder of Destruction.

This thunder had been prepared for over a month, and it couldn't be released in a hurry. Gu Chensha had prepared it to deal with experts. How could Jing Fanxing have predicted such a killing aura? He had suffered a small loss on the spot. However, it wouldn't be so easy to use this move to kill Jing Fanxing. Unless Gu Chensha had prepared the thunder for many years.

"What's that?"

Gu Shanjian, who was far away in the city, saw everything clearly, but he did not recognize Gu Chensha. He only saw Jing Fanxing activating the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth and preparing to break through some kind of illusion. Suddenly, starry divine thunder flew out from the mountain and exploded the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth's astral qi. Then, a figure rushed out from the mountain and exchanged blows with Jing Fanxing. Jing Fanxing was injured and left, and the mountain returned to peace once again.

"There's an expert behind those two snake demons? Who is this person? How could he defeat Jing Fanxing? "

Gu Tanjian frowned. It wasn't that he hadn't thought of Gu Chensha, but Gu Chensha had comprehended the Life Mending Heaven Technique. His aura and spirit had changed greatly. He was like a different person. He didn't expect Gu Chensha to improve so quickly.

Even Jing Fanxing hadn't been able to find out who was cultivating in the mountain, so Gu Tanjian didn't dare to act rashly.

"It looks like I have to talk to Li Tiansheng again. The two snake demons betrayed the Nest of 10,000 Dragons. As the demon race's holy land, it wouldn't be right not to punish the traitors." Gu Tanjian loved to kill with a borrowed knife.