Chapter 157
===========

Shhh …

Gu Chensha took in a deep breath. Vital energy circulated in his body and dragon energy boiled. The Demon Descending Blade appeared in his hand and he slashed. Humble Sword. He finally had the ability to fight back. He took the chance and slashed in the air.

When the Humble Sword attacked, it was crooked and out of shape. It was even more clumsy than the clumsiest martial arts. A farmer was hoeing the fields, an old lady was embroidering, a kid was learning to write, a caterpillar was crawling, and a chick was learning to walk. But this sword evolved from clumsiness into the strongest technique.

Gu Chensha had been studying diligently these past few days, breathing in and out. Although he had learned the refining method from Bao Ming 'er, he had mastered it thoroughly. He had also verified the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and the transformations of the Sun and Moon Dragons, and his cultivation base had risen steadily.

He was troubled by his low realm and was unable to use the Xiantian Earth Energy to activate the Dragon Transformation Tower.

But now, Heng Budong was using the extremely strong Xiantian Earth Energy to activate it, so he was about to transform.

Even Heng Budong sensed the aura from the Humble Sword, but he didn't care at all, "Your martial arts are not bad, but your realm is too low."

He flicked his fingers and instantly, there were eight to nine streaks of blood-colored blade light that were about to strike Gu Chensha to death. Lou Baiyue's expression changed and she was about to block.

But then, Gu Chensha spread out his body and allowed the blade light to strike his body. This time, his armor shook and swallowed all the blade light. At that moment, a strong aura exploded from his body. Dragon roars and tiger roars surged into the clouds. The aura was long and endless.

"He actually rose to the fourth transformation of Dao Realm, swallowing gold and turning into stone."

Lou Baiyue's eyes turned sharp, "Heng Budong's cultivation is really deep and he is a top expert. Even some top disciples in the celestial path aren't his match. Although he didn't use his true strength, Gu Chensha actually used a treasure to block his killing move. That is really amazing." "Eh?"

He saw that his energy was absorbed by Gu Chensha, allowing him to break through to Dao Realm Transformation Four and his aura to increase.

Finally, Heng's expression changed, and he roared, "You actually have a peerless treasure that can devour innate Stellar Energy and convert it into your own energy!" "Not bad."

Gu Chensha didn't hide it, because he knew he couldn't hide it. "Otherwise, do you think I'm crazy to cross so many realms to challenge you?

Thank you for using your Xiantian Earth Energy to attack me, causing my treasure to activate and allowing me to step into Dao Realm Transformation Four. "

"Very well. To think that I would actually fall for your tricks." All of a sudden, Eternal Motionless' eyes shone with a green light.

All of a sudden, Gu Chensha saw the sky turn dark. There seemed to be an additional soul in his body.

Heng Budong finally unleashed his trump card — the Soul Snatching Technique to take control of his body.

As long as one didn't cultivate the Glass Jade Body and their brains weren't burned by the Samadhi True Flame, one's soul wouldn't be strong. One would be easily controlled by someone at Dao Realm Transformation Twelve.

However, Gu Chensha wasn't afraid of this. He cultivated the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art. The Son of Heaven's Dao suppressed everything, manipulated the heavenly time, and conferred deities. His spirit was boundless and boundless, and no one could subdue him. Only he could control others. Without thinking, his body automatically activated the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique.

A bright light appeared in his mind. His soul and the Sun Moon Altar merged together. Since the Sun and Moon Light merged with his mind and soul. Pili Pala! Something in his body seemed to have been crushed.

"Eh?" Heng Budong was even more shocked, "A treasure that protects the soul! You actually have so many top treasures on you. " "Thank you."

Gu Chensha knew his own ability. The Heaven Sacrifice Decree protected his soul and the Dragon Transformation Tower protected his body. He was undefeatable.

But he knew that Heng Budong still had many trump cards that he hadn't used. If he went all out, he definitely wouldn't be his match. He would never lower his guard or be arrogant.

"Okay."

Lou Baiyue stood up and said, "Motionless Heng, I know that you've only used thirty percent of your strength just now. If you were to really fight, I'm afraid that Nineteenth Brother wouldn't be a match for you. However, you've also seen Nineteenth Brother's strength. I think you should restrain yourself in the future." "I really have a whole new level of respect for you."

Heng Budong's tone was dark and cold like the wind from hell, "Even the Soul Snatching Technique can't do anything to you. It seems like your entire body is a treasure and it is far more valuable than that evil god's flesh and blood." "You don't have to threaten me."

Gu Chensha only felt that the Qi in his body was circulating extremely quickly. With just a slight breath, his Qi and blood flowed through his meridians, organs, and finally returned to his Dantian. As the Circulatory Cycle flowed, there was a thunderous roar. The inside of his Dantian was like a huge furnace that could digest anything. Even if he swallowed a hundred poisons, swords, metal, they would all be crushed. This was the terrifying aspect of Dao Realm Transformation Four Gold Swallowing Stone.

When one reached this realm, one would be able to walk in many dangerous places. Miasma, poisonous smoke, and bugs wouldn't be able to do anything to them.

Especially the Sun Moon Dragon that Gu Chensha cultivated. Once he reached this realm, he would be even stronger. Every breath he took would be filled with energy and his strength would increase greatly. Next would be to absorb spiritual energy and gather it in the 108 acupoints around his body. Once they were all filled up, he would step into the Hundred Aperture Spirit Gathering Realm.

Dao Realm Transformation Five, Hundred Spirit Gathering, to Transformation Six, Refining Energy into Energy, required one to absorb spiritual energy and compress it, allowing it to rumble and condense in one's acupoints. It would merge with one's vital energy and flow through the meridians, forming a dense Xiantian energy that would shoot out. It could break rocks hundreds of steps away and rip apart one's body with one strike.

"I, Gu Chensha, am not someone who is afraid of threats."

Gu Chensha's voice was calm, "If Heng Family works for the dynasty, then I will be fine. But if you have other thoughts, then even if you don't offend me, I will offend you." "What arrogant words."

Heng Budong laughed from rage, "My Heng Family is a Saint Aristocratic Family and even the Heaven Talisman Emperor has to be respectful to us. You are just a prince and you want to be above us?" "You are half human and half demon. Do you look like a Saint Aristocratic Family?" Gu Chensha said.

"Lou Baiyue, this kid is so sharp-tongued. Are you going to protect him?"

Heng Budong was actually afraid of Lou Baiyue, "It seems like your Lou Family is going to be enemies with us?" "I listen to the Emperor."

Lou Baiyue was unmoved by force or persuasion. "Alright, let's not talk about these useless things. You can leave now, Immovable Conservation. I won't cooperate with you. Go ahead and explore. You can have the skeleton you catch."

"You really don't want to work with me?" Heng Budong was unwilling, "I know many secrets about this place." "I know that you don't dare to enter."

Lou Baiyue looked around, "Actually, this is the safest place. Once we enter and get sucked into the twisted space, we won't be able to come out and we will definitely die. But you won't be able to lure those skeletons out, so working with you will only bring us harm and no benefit." Gu Chensha could see that only his vital energy could attract those skeletons out.

"Very good." Heng Budong retreated, "Since that is the case, then don't blame me if you face any danger." He disappeared into the thick fog.

"If he uses his full strength, I definitely won't be his match." Gu Chensha looked at him leave and circulated his vital energy. He was quite delighted.

After reaching Dao Realm Transformation Four, many of his moves became really strong. For example, the Clumsy Fist's strength doubled and Sun Moon Kill was the same.

"He helped you reach Dao Realm Transformation Four." Lou Baiyue said, "I really can't see through you. It seems like you have many secrets on you. "

"If I didn't have some secrets, how would I have been able to live until now?" Gu Chensha asked, "Actually, you have even more secrets. Heng Budong left some vicious words and I am afraid that we will face danger here. " "It is okay, danger is training."

Lou Baiyue said, "At most, he is just staring in the dark. Apart from Fa Wuxian, I don't care about any of these Saint Aristocratic Families disciples."

"He suffered heavy losses this time. His armor and shield were destroyed by God Slaying True Qi." Gu Chensha was good at refining treasures, "I think he will need a long time to recover." "He is asking to die." Lou Baiyue waved her hands and told the silver skeleton to stand behind her.

Now, there were 30 white skeletons and one silver skeleton standing behind her. It really did have the smell of an undead army. She was also somewhat similar to a demonic master.

"Right, you didn't call me here just to collect skeletons, right?" Gu Chensha suddenly asked.

"Of course."

Lou Baiyue didn't hide it, "It seems like you have also noticed something. In fact, this is His Majesty's instruction." "What did Father say?" Gu Chensha asked.

"His Majesty has gone into seclusion again."

Lou Baiyue said, "You probably know that the capital city is almost built. Many immortal sects have been intimidated and want to integrate into the court. The court's luck has increased greatly. No dynasty in history has done such a thing. This way, the Heavenly Dao will lose some sort of balance, leading to many disasters. But now, the whole world is peaceful and the weather is good. That is because His Majesty has used his supreme prowess to suppress the operation of heaven and earth. The Heavenly Dao and the rules of heaven and earth are His Majesty's greatest enemies, involving almost 90% of His Majesty's power. Apart from that, those Evil Gods, the old monsters of the immortal path, and the countless huge unknown existences in the void will also affect His Majesty's power."

"I know a lot about this." Gu Chensha had his own plans in mind, "What does it have to do with this place?"

"This is the Burial Ground. The battle between the ancient Evil Gods and the righteous gods distorted the space and time here. After tens of thousands of years, this forbidden land was formed, and countless demons and ghosts were born. Recently, the barbarians have been retreating in defeat, but they are unwilling to give up. They have already joined forces with the Supreme Demonic Sage of the Nest of 10,000 Dragons, Li Wanlong, in an attempt to release all the demons and ghosts here."

Lou Baiyue said, "Did you notice? This place is sealed by fog. Humans can't enter, but skeletons can't leave the fog either. This is some kind of restriction of the rules of heaven and earth, preventing demons and ghosts from harming people."