Chapter 1047
============

The Gourd Has Appeared

Gu Chensha didn't think much of helping the girl, Luo Lan, to upgrade her arcane level. It was one of his plans. "You can reveal that you've upgraded your arcane level. Such a large-scale upgrade will definitely attract the attention of the higher-ups, but don't mention me. Just say that one day, a little light from outside the universe suddenly flew into your body, and then achieved arcane talent and level. Such things are not uncommon. The higher-ups have no ability to say anything. "

"But the Arcane Network is everywhere in the world. Our every move is actually monitored by the Arcane Network. As long as the higher-ups investigate, they will certainly be able to find out," Luo Lan said worriedly.

"It doesn't matter. That's how I got my power." Gu Chensha waved his hand. "The Arcane Network can't find anything."

Gu Chensha had long seen that the Arcane Network was a system. It was much more powerful than the system of God created by the prehistoric technological civilization. It was even more powerful than the system of cause and effect, the system of fate, and the system of good and evil that he created back then. Moreover, many laws of the universe and the power of heaven were integrated into the Arcane Network.

The strength of the Arcane Network was actually in the Realm of Heaven. Even the masters of the Realm of Heaven couldn't break the Arcane Network. To some extent, as long as there were no masters of the ninth level of the Immortal Realm, the Arcane Kingdom could be in an invincible position.

And the Arcane Network was constantly improving. There was a large amount of arcane knowledge integrated into it every moment. Gradually, there was a strong power of heaven that could be fed back and even benefit all living beings.

It was no wonder that in this giant universe, the Arcane Kingdom could conquer everywhere and destroy many civilizations.

Now the arcanists had even signed an agreement with the dragons. The arcanists could summon the dragons, and the dragons couldn't resist and had to help the arcanists in battle.

And even the Arcane Kingdom had captured many powerful races, such as the Celestial Giants, the ancient divine beasts, the demons, and even the divine race for arcane research.

In this gigantic universe, there was also the God Race. However, they were not God level experts. Instead, they were creatures that were born with great power. They were similar to humans, but a little different. From the moment they were born, they had the power to tear through space and traverse the universe. They were many times stronger than ordinary humans, which was why they were called the God Race.

But the Divine Clan still surrendered to the Arcane Kingdom. That showed how powerful the high-level arcanists of the Arcane Kingdom were. Whoosh! Just as the two of them were discussing, the space in the room suddenly collapsed slightly.

A person walked out. This person was wearing an Arcana Technique robe that was densely covered with thousands of stars. These stars gathered together to form a river of stars.

There were more than three thousand stars on this robe, which meant that this person's Arcana level was more than three thousand.

An Arcana Master with a rank of over three thousand was a terrifying existence. They were all at the Heaven's Origin Realm.

In the Arcane Kingdom, there were slaves and most of the civilians were ordinary people. The Heaven's Origin Realm masters could almost kill them.

However, because of the supervision of the Arcane Network, even the Arcanists couldn't go on a killing spree and cause the collapse of order. But the status of the Arcanists was very high. If they killed some civilians, slaves, or even nobles, it wasn't impossible. For example, Meholly used poison gas to kill Nader.

"Ah, this is the Arcane Kingdom's senator, Master Henri, his Arcana Level is three thousand five hundred and sixty-two."

Immediately, Roland recognized him. He was a real big shot in the Arcane Kingdom. In the huge Arcane Kingdom, such a big shot really stood at the peak.

"So it's two little guys. I felt a huge fluctuation in the Arcane Network."

Henri looked at Gu Chensha's incarnation of Neville and Roland, he couldn't help but laugh, "Interesting, interesting. Not only have you awakened your arcane talent, but you've also reached level 30. With the merger of many universes, the expansion of our Arcane Kingdom will attract more and more adventures into the Empire. You two little guys are lucky. Come with me. " "Senator, where are we going?" Roland asked cautiously.

"Of course it's the Arcane Guild. We'll record your information in it, but we'll have to go through an investigation to see what the origin of the power in your body is, and if there's an extraterrestrial demon lurking in it. If everything is correct, then congratulations, you'll step into the field of arcane magic and become one of the masters of the Arcane Kingdom."

The Arcane Master Henri snapped his fingers, and suddenly two bubbles wrapped around Gu Chensha and Roland. The space cracked, and the next moment they came out of the space crack, they arrived in another space. It was a huge world, and there were arcanists walking around everywhere, wearing arcane robes. Some of them had hundreds of stars, some had thousands of stars, and some even had tens of thousands of stars.

In the Arcane Kingdom, the arcanists had reached tens of thousands of stars, which was almost the cultivation of the Heaven Realm, and they could even call themselves ancestors. If they were level 100,000 arcanists, they would be masters of the Heaven Path Realm.

However, the Arcane Kingdom didn't have such a master yet, but the entire Arcane Network was already at the level of Heavenly Path. But Gu Chensha felt that the Arcane Network was getting stronger all the time. Some of the creators, the ones who contributed the most, were gradually approaching the realm of Heavenly Path. According to the general law, a universe could only give birth to one Heaven Path Realm.

But the operating mechanism of the Arcane Kingdom was very special, it had some flavor of the New World, but with the style of the Old World. When the two were combined, it formed a unique integrated style.

In fact, the mental strength used by the arcanists had the flavor of developing the potential of the soul.

The profound meaning of the Dragonless Cultivation Method was now all over the universe, and the birth of arcane magic was actually based on the secrets of the Dragonless Cultivation Method.

Now in the entire Arcane Kingdom, the reason why many people couldn't awaken the power of arcane magic was that they couldn't awaken their own soul power.

The reason why Gu Chensha stayed in the Arcane Kingdom for so long and changed his identity was that he had seen that all the arcanists in the Arcane Kingdom had practiced the Dragonless Cultivation Method.

These arcanists, when they awakened their soul power, they could manipulate any element. But they gathered their soul power together and integrated it into the Arcane Network to strengthen the power of arcane magic. It was equivalent to everyone contributing to the world in the New World. The Arcane Kingdom was, in a sense, a New World.

But the new world created by Gu Chensha was purely a contribution, and now the Arcane Kingdom was still plundering.

"Hendry, two more little guys have awakened? There are more and more people who have awakened recently. "

An arcanist with five thousand stars came over and looked at Roland and Gu Chensha's incarnation of Nader casually.

"Yes, these two little guys are amazing. Not only have they awakened their arcane magic talent, but they've also directly reached the arcane magic above level 30. It's a miracle, I have to let the Arcane Network check. Don't let them be possessed by the Otherworldly Demons, "Hendry said quickly.

"It's necessary, but the awakened power of arcane magic is completely different from the power of the Otherworldly Demons. The origin of our arcane magic is the deepest meaning of the soul, it's different from any external force. Even a disguise can't be disguised, "Hendry said.

"Yes, that's right, but it's rumored that there's a New World. In the New World, everyone has awakened their soul power. After their awakening, their soul power is much stronger than our arcane power. Their Supreme Master is called Gu Chensha, he's even more powerful than our Arcane Network of the Supreme Arcane Network. If the people from the New World come in, I'm afraid we'll be infiltrated," the grand arcanist with more than five thousand stars said.

"That's true, but as the strength of our Arcane Kingdom grows stronger, we'll gradually surpass the New World and spread the glory of arcane magic throughout the multiverse. Only our Arcane World is the most powerful civilization, the arcane civilization surpasses everything," Hendry said with a fanatical expression on his face.

"Yes, the arcane civilization is the most advanced civilization in the multiverse, the best civilization, we must spread the glory of arcane magic," the grand arcanist with more than five thousand stars also said. Hearing that, Luo Lan also showed a fanatical expression.

Gu Chensha felt a chill in his heart. Deep in the bones and hearts of all the people in the Arcane Kingdom, the idea that the glory of arcane magic was the most advanced and the most civilized had penetrated into their bones. That fanatical mentality was similar to Fa Wuxian's hatred.

"Well, you guys stand on that platform.

When the light of the Supreme Meaning shines down, let's see if your power is the power of arcane magic. If it's not, you'll be beaten back to your original form, but there's no danger to your life. If it's the power of arcane magic, then your background is clean, then congratulations, you've become a member of the arcanists, the Arcane Guild will give you arcane magic robes of the corresponding level. "Hendry pointed.

In front of them, there was a huge altar, above the altar, there were countless arcane lights flashing. He blessed the two with an arcane magic of flight.

The two of them flew directly to the altar, and suddenly the Supreme Meaning shined down, countless data flowed, and there were no accidents.

"This young man's arcane level has reached more than 140?

But this girl is only at level 30. "Hendry was surprised and said," And there's no problem, it's pure arcane power. "

The light of the Supreme Meaning flashed, Hendry snapped his fingers twice, and suddenly two magic robes appeared on the two of them, one had 30 stars on it, and the other had 143 stars on it, which represented their level.

In the future, every time he leveled up, he could use his mind power to connect to the arcane network and add one star on his magic robe.

At that moment, suddenly a burst of black smoke drifted past, and in the black smoke, another arcanist appeared. It was a handsome man with black hair, black eyes, and a face. When he saw Gu Chensha and Luo Lan, his face immediately showed a look of extreme hatred, and then he saw the magic robes on the two of them, and suddenly he was very shocked.

That man was Meholly, he was originally a slave of the Arcane Kingdom, and later awakened the arcane power and became an arcanist.