Chapter 88
==========

In the span of twenty breaths, all the warriors were ready, and they had the temperament of an elite soldier.

They had consumed the Tiger-Wolf Pellet, and not only did they have immense strength, they also had the courage of tigers and wolves. In the past, they had taken the Blood Strengthening Pellet every day, which was a treatment only the descendants of the noble families could enjoy. Furthermore, they had received guidance from experts like Yi Ming, and their cultivation had improved by leaps and bounds.

"Your Highness, should we destroy the Spirit Gathering Formation here?" Jia Liang asked. "If we don't destroy it, I'm afraid it will reveal our whereabouts." "Good thinking, then let's destroy it." Gu Chensha nodded.

Everyone immediately destroyed the mounds and pulled out the wooden stakes. Immediately, the magnetic field became chaotic, and the spiritual qi disappeared. Sou sou sou … Everyone began to march according to the route in the forest.

Along the way, they did not stop. There were no days or nights, and after marching for half a month, they finally arrived at the location indicated on the map. This was half a month earlier than the original plan.

"We're finally here."

Gu Chensha saw that they were surrounded by huge mountains that pierced the clouds. There was no sign of human habitation, and it was truly a place far away from the mortal world. However, this was not a barren land. The mountains were interconnected like a long snake, and like the back of a tortoise, there were crouching tigers and hidden dragons. Tens of thousands of beasts had returned to their nests. Baleful qi and spiritual qi converged, and the earth veins changed.

"Master, this place is not far from the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple. The earth qi here is thick, and there are a hundred and eight mountains. Legend has it that the Chaotic Demonic Ape moved the mountains here to form a lair."

Yi Ming said. "If we continue forward, there will be many demonic apes living in the mountains, and they will easily discover us." "I've also analyzed it."

Gu Chensha looked around at the majestic mountains, layer upon layer, and gave off an oppressive aura, as if an ancient devil was looking at him. "That's why we chose this place as the rendezvous point, and did not go deeper.

Each of these mountains is several hundred li wide, what kind of godly strength would it take to move them here? "

"This is indeed an unimaginable power, but compared to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, it's still a far cry."

Yiming continued, "The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor opened the canal, built the Great Wall, shaved off a thousand mountains, filled the Sea of Sin, and built cities everywhere. His goal was to change the billions of mountains and rivers in the world. All the energy veins of the land were gathered towards the Great Yongchō. When his plan is completed, the billions of people will gradually benefit greatly. At that time, the country will be strong and powerful, and no dynasty can compare to it." "This is Imperial Father's plan?" Gu Chensha suddenly woke up. Only then did he remember the politics of the court for so many years.

Canals ran through the east, west, north, and south, and the Great Wall stretched for hundreds of thousands of miles. Cities were built everywhere, and the vast land seemed to really be carrying out a huge plan, setting up a huge formation.

In the past, he didn't know anything about formations, magnetic fields, or spirit energy fluctuations. But now that he was comprehending them, he realized that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor truly wanted to transform the entire world into a grand formation. This was something that no one had been able to do since ancient times. But this was a good thing, as it was a foundation that would last for generations to come.

Following the construction of the court, the provinces, prefectures, and counties were getting better and better. The weather was good, the crops were plentiful, and the livestock were flourishing. Moreover, the population had increased tremendously in the past decade, and there were very few diseases and plagues.

In the past, there would be plagues every few years, and wherever they went, cities would be wiped out. Everywhere, people would turn pale at the mention of plagues. But in the fourteen years of the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, there wasn't a single plague. In these years, there seemed to be a large number of talents surging out from the people.

After thinking about it carefully, Gu Chensha's heart opened up again. Looking at the billions of people in the world, he seemed to have some understanding of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's way of thinking and actions. Twisting the heaven and earth, changing the heaven and earth, and all living beings were of one heart.

He cultivated the Son of Heaven's God Bestowment Art, which was originally to control the Dao of the Son of Heaven, to protect and nourish the people.

Now that he was enlightened by Yi Ming, he started to think about the way of ruling a country, and he had a unique understanding of cultivation. The actions of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor were the true masters of the Dao of the Son of Heaven.

"Have Long Yuyun and the Cold Jade Dew arrived?" Gu Chensha woke up from his thoughts and looked around. "Could it be that our speed is too fast?

That shouldn't be the case. Their overall strength is much stronger than mine, and all their subordinates are Martial Masters. There are even Dao Realm experts. Although they don't have the Horned Dragon Armor, I don't believe that they can't take out the same treasures after so many years. "

In his team, the only trump card was Yi Ming. Other than that, they were still very weak, and there wasn't even a single Dao Realm expert.

"Prince, we can't advance rashly now. Otherwise, the Devil Monkeys will cause us to suffer heavy losses." Three Incenses heard the monkeys' cries from afar and knew that it was impossible to advance any further.

"Forget it, you guys should just wait here."

Gu Chensha thought for a while. "Yi Ming, you stay here and guard. I will go into the forest and look around the temple to see if there is a chance to enter." "Prince, it's too dangerous for you to go alone," Liu Yu and the other four hurriedly said.

"I have a way to protect myself. If we go together, we will definitely be trapped."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "There's no time to lose. We haven't made any contributions for half a month, and the other princes are progressing fast. If we delay any longer, the situation will only get worse." "Yes!" The five of them didn't say anything else and obeyed the order.

Three Incenses didn't have any suggestions. They guessed that Gu Chensha definitely had a trump card. Immediately, Gu Chensha's body flickered and he went deeper into the mountain.

When there was no one else in the mountain, he quickly covered himself with the Great Dragon Armor and took out the leather robe that he had used to kill the Shadow Priest. He put it on the armor and hung the token on his waist. Then, he started walking quickly.

He walked forward for a few hundred miles and felt the rustling of the forest around him, as if there were many demons leaping and watching him. He looked carefully and found that there were indeed groups of apes building their nests on the trees that were as tall as a thousand feet and patrolling around.

These apes were completely different from ordinary monkeys. Their bodies were dark red, and they had horns on their heads. They looked ferocious and ferocious. They leaped from tree to tree and moved as if they were flying. Their claws had sharp hooks. Sometimes, he could even see them hiding in the leaves and leaping up to catch birds that were gliding over the treetops. After tearing them apart, they feasted on them.

There were even some apes that had hunted tigers, leopards, and large snakes from god knows where. They caught them on the trees and ate them with relish. Other than that, they also ate centipedes, scorpions, and all kinds of poisonous creatures.

These apes were like demons from hell. Some of them even grew wings and could glide in the sky for a short period of time. They had evolved into Winged Demonic Apes.

Any large creatures that entered this area would be divided and eaten by the demonic apes that covered the mountains and plains. Even experts would be discovered. But when Gu Chensha revealed the token, the demonic apes all avoided it.

Some of the apes on the trees even knelt down, knowing that it was a priest of the temple and couldn't be blasphemed.

There was an aura on the token. It was the aura of the Chaotic Demonic Ape, the ancestor of the demonic apes.

"If I hadn't killed the shadow priest and obtained his token, it would have been troublesome for me to enter this area. These demonic apes seem to have powerful characters."

As he walked, he sensed that there were houses built by apes on the treetops that were thousands of years old. Although they were simple and crude, they exuded the domineering aura of a king. Inside the houses, there was the indistinct shadow of a giant ape. It breathed in and out, and its aura surged. It was definitely the overlord of the demonic apes. Gu Chensha knew that he wasn't their match at all.

He didn't cause trouble and walked silently. After walking for a day and a night, he passed through several mountains. Suddenly, the view before him widened, and a large plain appeared in the embrace of the mountains.

This plain was hundreds of li wide and looked extremely vast from afar. The mountains pressed down on the earth veins, and the magnetic field pierced through the void. One could even see with the naked eye that the spiritual energy clouds were gathered in the huge temple at the center of the plain. This was a true grand spell formation.

The most eye-catching thing about the temple was the statue of a gigantic demonic ape sitting on a throne. Thousands of beasts gathered beneath its feet, and a dragon circled behind it. The ape waved its hands, blocking out the sun and covering the sky. It was even taller than the mountains. This was the statue of the Chaotic Demonic Ape.

The temple was even larger than the imperial palace, and looked resplendent and magnificent. There was a city surrounding the temple, where the barbarian nobles lived. The houses were tall and spacious, and were all made of stone.

There was a large road leading out of the mountains, and an endless stream of barbarian nobles came to pay their respects.

"The Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple uses this as a sign of loyalty. Hundreds of thousands of tribes, big and small, and hundreds of millions of barbarians, all of whom worship the Chaotic Demonic Ape."

Gu Chensha already had a plan. "The experts in this temple are as numerous as the clouds, and I can't occupy it. My plan is to sneak in and steal, then expand my influence. The other princes are all powerful, and I can't compare to them. This is the only path I can take."

From all sorts of information and the words of Yi Ming, he already knew the strength of the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple. Even with Long Yuyun and the Frost Jade Dew, it was like trying to smash a rock with an egg. But if he didn't show any results, it would be hard for him to answer to the imperial court.

Under normal circumstances, no matter how powerful a character was, it would be hard for him to sneak into the temple to steal because the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple would know about it. But now that the barbarian evil gods were under the control of the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign, it was the best time to do so.

"The barbarians have plundered so much wealth and killed so many commoners in the past 10,000 years. This time, I'm going to get back some interest." Gu Chensha came out from the mountain, and followed the small path to the main road.

On the small path beside the forest, there were many fully-armored barbarian temple knights patrolling back and forth. They were tall and burly, holding sharp weapons in their hands. Even the slightest movement would not be missed.

Seeing the commotion in the forest, and someone walking out, the temple knights gathered. But when they saw Gu Chensha, who was wearing a leather cloak and had a token hanging from his waist, they all bowed and made way for him, not daring to say anything.

The Shadow Priest didn't reveal his true face, and his actions were mysterious and strange. In the barbarian temple, he was a synonym for terror. Gu Chensha used this identity to sneak in, and it was just right.

As he walked on the main road, many barbarians came from outside. They bowed every three steps, as if they were on a pilgrimage.

Although the barbarians' flesh was torn, their faces were filled with sincerity and satisfaction. Some of the barbarian nobles rode on horses and carriages, wearing luxurious clothes similar to the barbarians in the pass. However, the barbaric aura they exuded could not be concealed by the luxurious clothes they wore.