Chapter 854
===========

"Zhuge Ya, don't try to scare us!"

The young man from Literati Star said angrily, "The Gate Jin Heavenly King controls the gate of the Celestial Court and has great luck. How can you rebels compare to him? You people are the poison of the world. Without you, the world will be much more peaceful. In the future, the Celestial Court will establish order and everyone will be at peace. There will be no more conflicts, which is a good thing.

But you people are forcing your strategy for your own benefit. You want everyone to become geniuses, geniuses, saints, and even oddities. Think about it, how is that possible? If there was no order and hierarchy in the world, and everyone was the same, what would happen? What is the meaning of existence?

Everyone will lose the meaning of existence. You people are the pinnacle of the evil path. I won't allow scum like you to exist and disturb the order of the world. Chang Wuqu, the reincarnation of Literati Star, walked the demonic path. He won't have a good ending, and he'll sink forever. The demons in the Demon Realm are not actually demonic, but part of the Heavenly Path, a part of the Yin. Calmness Immortal Agency is the true demonic path. "

"Looks like you have a strong will. The reincarnation of Literati Star thinks too much and unknowingly enters a state of self-enslavement."

Zhuge Ya did not want to say anything more to the young man from Literati Star, so he pointed with his finger. Zzt zzt zzt … A ray of starlight shot out and enveloped the reincarnated Literati Star youth.

Immediately, the young man felt the source in his body flowing away. It was the profoundness of Literati Star.

"You … Zhuge Ya, how dare you take away my identity as Literati Star and my cultivation? How dare you! You rebel, you'll die a horrible death! "

The reincarnated Literati Star was trembling. He tried his best to resist, but to no avail. He couldn't help but roar, "Everyone, hurry up and deal with him. If he succeeds, we'll all fall into oblivion."

Immediately, the hundreds of Reincarnated Xing Chen burst forth with brilliant light, wanting to stop Zhuge Ya, and even wanting to seal Zhuge Ya in a final struggle.

"You people are truly thickheaded and thickheaded. If you could repent in time, there would still be room for you to atone for your sins. But now, your hearts are rotten, and there is no cure. Since you all want to become ordinary people so badly, I'll grant your wish."

Zhuge Ya was now a celestial, and his fighting prowess was so shocking that he could even deal with Heaven Longevity Realm old-timers. After all, he was the Lord of Seven Stars. Originally, he had been burdened by a powerful fate that had prevented him from becoming a celestial. But now that he had broken the shackles of fate, he could unleash terrifying levels of power.

With a slight movement, the attacks of these hundreds of Reincarnated Stars were all absorbed by his body.

Their attacks had no effect on Zhuge Ya. All they did was increase Zhuge Ya's power. Zhuge Ya waved his hand again, and the entire area was locked down. A huge vortex appeared above the heads of the Reincarnated Xing Chen.

"AHHHHH!"

Hundreds of Reincarnated Xing Chen's bodies had their Essences absorbed, which then merged into Zhuge Ya's head, causing the suction force to multiply.

"Why do you people have to go to such lengths?"

Zhuge Ya couldn't help but shake his head when he saw that they couldn't even fight back. However, his attacks only grew more vicious. These people were thickheaded and thickheaded, so he had to extract their power and reduce them to mortals. Only then would they understand the value of life.

In just a few breaths of time, all of the Reincarnated Xing Chen had lost their power and Essences. They were all just ordinary people who didn't even have the strength to truss a chicken. These people all began to howl in grief.

"Lord Zhuge, I was wrong. I shouldn't have cooperated with the Heavenly King of Jinmen … I'm willing to join you wholeheartedly. Please return my power to me." Some people wept bitterly.

"You really don't know how lucky you are."

Zhuge Ya sighed. "I've helped you get rid of the shackles on you. From now on, you won't be bound by the heavenly laws and destinies. You can all develop greatly. As long as you sincerely repent, the doors of the Tranquil Immortal Department will still be open to you. You can learn quickly and still cultivate to a higher realm. Yes, you're all ordinary people now, but you all know about the Tranquil Immortal Department's Human Dragon Fist. If you sincerely cultivate it step by step, you can still become a genius, a peerless genius, or even a natural-born saint."

"Zhuge Ya, you bastard. You've defied the heavens and gone against the heavens. You'll definitely suffer the wrath of the heavens. You and Gu Chensha will both die a horrible death."

The Reincarnated Literati Star youth still didn't submit. Instead, he cursed loudly. He actually had a sense of loyalty.

"As expected of the Literati Star. You do have the strength of a scholar, but it's useless. Chang Wuqu. "

With a call, Chang Wuqu appeared in front of Zhuge Ya. Zhuge Ya pointed at the people in front of him. "Go and imprison these people in Sin State City with Fa Wuxian, Martial Emperor, and the others.

Then slowly persuade them to support themselves and let them experience the hardships of ordinary people. Apart from that, don't make things difficult for them or mistreat them. "

"Zhuge Ya, you'll die a horrible death. You'll definitely end up in a miserable state, beyond redemption …" The reincarnated Literati Star youth continued to curse loudly. "Chang Wuqu, you've done evil and gone against your own fate and will. You're also a traitor of the Celestial Court and an evil creature that will never be able to reincarnate."

Chang Wuqu looked at the reincarnated Literati Star youth and just shook his head. "Looks like you have to change well to be able to blend in with the ordinary people. How about this, you can be a normal person's excrement worker. Although many people have advanced to the Dao Realm, a large portion of them are still in the mortal realm. They still produce excrement. You just need to get rid of this and comprehend at the lowest level. Only then will you understand some true principles."

"Chang Wuqu, you're not a human. You're a bastard." The reincarnated Literati Star youth was still cursing loudly.

Chang Wuqu no longer cared about this person. This youth had been stripped of Literati Star's profoundness and was no longer the reincarnated Literati Star. He waved his sleeves and put these people into his sleeves. He took them to Sin State City to settle down. From start to finish, he didn't kill anyone. He was just reduced to a mortal.

Zhuge Ya waved his hand and the hundreds of star profoundness flew out. They merged into the God Land Gourd and increased Gu Chensha's strength. At this moment, Gu Chensha had already controlled Primordial Dragon Sect. Within Primordial Dragon Sect, Sect Jin Heavenly King Chu Feng was panicking!

A large portion of his heavenly king source was absorbed by Primordial Dragon Sect and he was fixed at the core of Primordial Dragon Sect. At this moment, Chu Feng saw Gu Chensha.

Both of them were at the core of Primordial Dragon Sect and even the 3,000 True Gods didn't know what was happening. They only felt many worlds being born and giant star dragons roaring everywhere. Primordial Dragon Sect's power reached its limit and everyone thought that Sect Jin Heavenly King's cultivation had risen once more. The 3,000 True Gods didn't dare to act rashly and waited quietly for him to appear.

No one knew that the core of Primordial Dragon Sect was changing hands. Chu Feng was in a desperate situation.

"Chu Feng, how have you been? I should call you Sect Jin Heavenly King, right?" Gu Chensha smiled at the fifth-ranked heavenly king.

"It's you, Gu Chensha!"

Chu Feng's heart was shrouded in fear. "You've been planning for a long time. You've even secretly controlled me."

"That's right. Everything about you is under my control. It's all thanks to your 3,000 True Gods that I was able to suppress the Divine Prefecture's World Annihilation Flood."

Gu Chensha snapped his fingers. "Sect Jin Heavenly King, you're indeed too weak to fight me. Even if Primal Chaos Heavenly King, the Nine Heavenly Kings, and the Lord of Sun and Moon joined hands, I still have a way to deal with them.

Other than Emperor Heaven, I have no fear. You want to stir up trouble in my Calming Immortal Department? How can I let you do what you want? " "Gu Chensha, you …!" Chu Feng struggled with all his might, wanting to escape.

However, when Gu Chensha moved slightly, it was almost destructive. A power that was close to the Heavenly Way arrived and immediately wrapped around Chu Feng. Then, it began to extract him. The power of the entire Untainted Desolate Dragon Gate surged over, but when it reached Gu Chensha's side, it all submitted. Rumble!

Just at this moment, four streams of energy suddenly appeared in the depths of the Raging Desolate Dragon Gate. These four streams of energy all entered Chu Feng's body, causing him to instantly break free from the restraints and almost regain control of the Raging Desolate Dragon Gate.

"Hahahaha …" Chu Feng finally laughed. "Primal Chaos Heavenly King, Grand Heavenly King, East Flower Heavenly King, Wisdom Heavenly King, you finally know that I'm in trouble. I knew you would help me.

Now, Gu Chensha, I want to see how shamelessly you can boast that even the Nine Heavenly Kings and the Sun-Moon Lords can't handle you. "

Gu Chensha didn't reply. Instead, he sighed and said, "These four heavenly kings have been keeping an eye on you, but because of you, they've been exposed to me. I already know where they're hiding. Do you really think they can get you out of trouble with just their power? That's just wishful thinking. Divergent! " Rumble!

Gu Chensha's body erupted with an aura that seemed capable of breaking through everything. In this moment, he had comprehended the dao of divergent, and had become a divergent.

Becoming a divergent was the foundation of becoming a celestial. The essence of a divergent was to escape the fetters of the Heavenly Dao. Gu Chensha wasn't comprehending ordinary divergent, nor was he comprehending divergent kings like the Xing Qiong Clan. He was a divergent of all living beings, a supreme dao that could make them divergent. This was many times more difficult than the Divergent King.

Gu Chensha's cultivation had a few steps. The first was to reach Dao Realm 36 Transformations and comprehend the Divergent Dao. Then, he would become a celestial celestial and comprehend the Dragonless Heart Technique. Now, he had completed the first step. 。 a