Chapter 861
===========

Geniuses remember in a second 'If you like it, go? Speak → 'to provide you with a wonderful novel to read. Chapter 858: True Despair

Gu Chensha wanted the God System, but it was like throwing pearls before swine in the hands of the Immortal Lord. It couldn't be of any use.

And this system was in line with Gu Chensha's characteristics. The prehistoric mechanical civilization wanted to replace the Heavenly Daos and did all sorts of things, which was why it met with such a great calamity.

"Looks like you're going to eat me today."

The Immortal Lord's magic power was strong, and she had long reached the Heavenly Longevity Realm. She was an ancient creature born from primordial chaos and had great destiny and luck. Unfortunately, she couldn't break through. Even with the help of the system, she couldn't reach a higher realm. "If I say no, are you going to kill me and rob me?"

"No, I naturally won't kill you, but I'll extract all your magic power and turn you into an ordinary person."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "My methods are clear. Even if you're an ancient creature of primordial chaos, I can still extract all your power. As the woman of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, joining the side of the future Heavenly Court is already going against the grain. I won't show you any mercy. Besides, if you hand over the system now, it'll be of great benefit to you.

Do you know why you can't condense the power of the chiliocosm and break through to the Heaven Primordial realm?

It's because the system restricts you. First, it's not tolerated by the Heavenly Daos, so you're always bound. Second, the prehistoric mechanical civilization is vast, and it's the crystallization of a civilization's wisdom. There are even some conspiracies to change you, to control you, to make you their representative. To use you as a puppet and use you to revive. Only I can free you. I'm sure you already know this. " "As expected of someone who can compete with the Emperor Of Heaven in the future."

The Immortal Lord gave him a thumbs-up. "Gu Chensha, even though I overestimated you, I still underestimated you."

"After saying so much, are you going to hand over the system or not?" Gu Chensha took a step forward.

"I can give you the system, but whether or not you can control it and take it away will depend on your ability. The system is not with me. I can only obtain some of the system's power."

The Divine Master seemed to be somewhat prepared. "The power of this system has gathered all the essence of the prehistoric civilization.

Our era, from the Chaos Big Bang until now, is the Immortal Dao Cultivation Era. Before that, it was the prehistoric civilization's technological era. The technological and mechanical era challenged the authority of the Heavenly Dao. In the end, the Heavenly Dao destroyed the world, and the universe returned to chaos. The prehistoric civilization was destroyed, and then the Heavenly Dao fell into a deep slumber.

The most advanced product of the previous civilization was the System of the One God. If I could control it, you wouldn't be able to do anything to me. " "Then you joined this alliance because you were looking for an opportunity. Maybe we can use the power of the alliance to take control of the One God System? "

How could Gu Chensha not understand what the Divine Master meant? "This system is indeed powerful. The power you are using is not even one ten-thousandth of it. Even this destroyed system is far more powerful than the Prehistoric Dragon Sect, the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, and even the Hongmeng Tree."

"It seems like you are determined to get it. However, the system and the prehistoric civilization are not here. They are far away in the chaotic flow of time, in a secret place, in the deepest part of the ancient chaos. There is an extremely dangerous seal there. Are you sure you want to get it?"

The Divine Master said, "The reason I got this system was because I was born in the chaos. I got close to this system and was recognized as one of its successors."

"One of its successors?" Gu Chensha asked casually. "Does that mean that there are others who are successors of the system?" "Of course."

The Divine Master said, "The prehistoric civilization's system is a living thing. It has its own thoughts and will, and is extremely powerful. Think about it. The system was seriously injured during the destruction of the Heavenly Dao, but it didn't die. How strong is it?

Even if you were to repair it now, it would be extremely difficult to completely subdue it. Basically, it would be impossible. Unless you reach the Celestial Master level, then there would be some hope.

Once you reach the Celestial Master level, you would be invincible. I can see that. Why don't you retreat now? When you reach the Celestial Master level, you can come find me. I will take you to the ruins of the prehistoric civilization. That would be the real insurance. " "You really know how to buy time."

Gu Chensha laughed. "I know a little about the secrets of the One God System. I also know that you have a lot of control over it. The ruins are real.

I can't be bothered to talk nonsense with you. I'll just imprison you and use you. It's safer. I don't like working with people. Besides, you have no value in working with me. Capture him! " A surge of energy came from the unseen world, and suddenly, he felt a surge of energy.

Many runes appeared above the Divine Master's head. These runes were like flowers scattered by a celestial maiden. They filled the void. Even if you fled to the ends of the earth, you wouldn't be able to escape from them.

"The power of One God eliminates everything. The Heavenly Dao is unpredictable, and it changes."

A man in a long white robe suddenly appeared above the Divine Master's head. He held a scepter in one hand and a scripture in the other. He was extremely tall, and he seemed to have the aura of a ruler. It was as if he was the Emperor Of Heaven, and everything else was fake.

This was the name of the most powerful system created by the prehistoric civilization. It was called One God, and it was a virtual puppet to replace the Heavenly Dao and the Emperor Of Heaven. The power of One God could challenge everything. As soon as it appeared, it blocked Gu Chensha's smallpox.

"What a great One God System. The prehistoric civilization studied the Emperor Of Heaven, and the Heavenly Dao was very profound. They actually created a system called One God to simulate the Emperor Of Heaven, and it even has 90% of his charm."

Gu Chensha praised, "The prehistoric civilization gathered the power of the entire civilization to study the Heavenly Dao. If I can obtain the results of this research, it will be very useful for me to calculate the Heavenly Dao and defeat the Emperor Of Heaven. I'll accept such a gift." Suck! As Gu Chensha spoke, he suddenly sucked in a huge breath.

A black hole appeared in his mouth. A white hole, a grey hole, a chaotic hole, a true hole … These wonders could devour everything. Hum …

The man in the white robe, holding a scepter in one hand and a scripture in the other, was directly sucked into Gu Chensha's mouth and turned into energy. This energy interacted with each other and then integrated into his Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique. The remnant of the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique actually had some additional words.

The prehistoric civilization's system had a profound understanding of the Emperor Of Heaven's Heavenly Dao, far surpassing the current Gu Chensha. After Gu Chensha swallowed this bit of shadow, he had a better understanding of the Emperor Of Heaven's Dao. He even had some ideas to counter the Emperor Of Heaven. These were the essence of the prehistoric civilization.

"Good, very good. This thing is a great supplement for me. If I can obtain all the research results and the highest secrets of the prehistoric civilization, becoming a Heavenly Lord is just around the corner." Gu Chensha waved his hand again, and a crystal ball appeared. This was his seal. He had sealed Ming Concubine Wu Dangkong in the same way.

The Celestial Master was caught off guard when Gu Chensha swallowed the power left behind by the system. She was far weaker than Gu Chensha. Even though she had many tricks and many abilities, she was still at the Heavenly Life Realm. Gu Chensha could kill her with a flick of his finger.

The current Gu Chensha was not even a match for a Heavenly Primordial Realm expert, let alone a Heavenly Longevity Realm expert. He could refine them at will and even kill them.

Of course, no one had reached the Heavenly Origin Realm yet. However, as the calamity began, people at that realm would not be far away.

However, the Prehistoric Dragon Gate was a treasure of the Heavenly Origin Realm. Moreover, it was the kind of peak Heavenly Origin Realm expert that had been refined by Gu Chensha. This showed how fierce Gu Chensha was.

"Seal."

Gu Chensha gently spat out an incantation. Suddenly, the crystal ball shrank, and the figure of the Celestial Master appeared.

The Celestial Master was struggling in the crystal ball, but even Ming Concubine Wu Dangkong could not escape. How could she escape Gu Chensha's grasp? "Celestial Master, stop struggling.

"Immortal Lord, don't struggle. Listen to me obediently and offer sacrifices to me to increase the power of the Celestial Calmness Department. Otherwise, I'll strip you of all your cultivation and turn you into an ordinary person. Also, the Celestial Designer Institute you established has been stirring up trouble all these years. Your daughter, Gu Huansha, isn't a good person either. She actually allied with the Sun-Moon Lord, Gu Tiansha, and colluded with the Crown Prince, Gu Xuansha, in an attempt to overthrow the Celestial Calmness Department. I originally thought that everyone was a member of the Gu Clan, so I turned a blind eye and allowed them to do whatever they wanted. But now, it seems that if we don't get rid of them, the world will never be good."

Gu Chensha sighed. "The calamity has already begun. I will not tolerate such things. I must place righteousness before family. For the world, for the court, for the common people, I have no choice but to be ruthless." "Don't hurt Huansha."

When the Celestial Master heard Gu Chensha's words, he shuddered. "Actually, I still don't think that Gu Taxian can successfully reverse the Heavenly Dao. That's why I can't place all my bets on you. I know how big and powerful the prehistoric civilization was. They even created puppets equivalent to the Heavenly Origin Realm. They even created a space as vast as the Heavenly Realm. But they still failed. The Heavenly Dao has not reached its final moment, so the power it is displaying now is not strong enough. If you completely anger the Heavenly Dao and become a threat to it, your little power will not be able to compare to the prehistoric civilization. Many people think highly of you, but that is because they do not understand the power of the Heavenly Dao. Only in the records of the prehistoric civilization can they understand how terrifying that power is. In the records of the prehistoric civilization, those who defied the heavens were truly in despair."