Chapter 542
===========

Even though the name of the Calming Celestial Agency had completely eclipsed that of the Celestial Designer Institute, as a huge institution that had existed since the founding of the country, it still had its own unique prestige. At the entrance of the Celestial Designer Institute stood a huge metal tablet.

On it was a row of large words, each the size of a human. It said, "The Celestial Designer Institute is a restricted area. Unauthorized personnel are not allowed to enter. All ministers and nobles who go against this will be killed without mercy." This was the decree of the Celestial Talisman Emperor.

That was why Gu Chensha was at the entrance. When he saw that the guards were all at the Dao Realm, and the leader was a cultivator at the seventh transformation, he was shocked.

It was already the 27th year of the Celestial Talisman Emperor. The world had changed and experts had appeared, but even the Calming Celestial Agency couldn't use a cultivator at the seventh transformation to guard the door. Even the Imperial Court's governors were only at this level.

However, with the cooperation between the Calming Celestial Agency and the Imperial Court's governors, all of them would reach the Glass Body Nine Transformations within three years. It would be best if they could reach the Ten Transformations.

Governors were in charge of a province and often had to deal with more than ten provinces. There were many things to do and they had to work hard every day, so they had no time to cultivate. Luckily, they had the assistance of the Calming Celestial Agency's disciples. Moreover, they also had the Commander of the People traveling around the country to help them. Only then could they find time to cultivate.

The Calming Celestial Agency treated cultivators who had cultivated to the seventh transformation, Levitating, and could use Xiantian Astral Energy well. If their daily vows were pure, they would be given heavy responsibilities, such as becoming the manager of a province or opening up the wilderness and oceans to obtain land. If they weren't, they would be sent to a small god province to be trained. In short, they definitely wouldn't let such cultivators guard the door.

A cultivator at the seventh transformation was a huge leap in production and construction. For example, it would take tens of thousands of ordinary people half a year to build a road. The logistics, planning, and design were all a mess.

A cultivator at the seventh transformation would use his Xiantian Astral Energy to form a giant hand to dig ditches, build foundations, and move stones. One person could do this in a few days.

The Celestial Designer Institute was doing this to show off. Compared to the practical Gu Chensha, he didn't quite agree.

"Who?"

The Dao Realm Transformation Seven cultivator suddenly flew over and stood in front of Gu Chensha, "This place belongs to the Heavenly Craftsman Academy and no one is allowed to get close. Leave, otherwise, the country's laws won't tolerate it."

"I'm Gu Chensha. Tell them that I've invited Ghost Axe, Divine Craftsman, and one of my royal sisters to the Savage Two World Peak for a chat," said Gu Chensha.

"Gu …" The cultivator finally recognized Gu Chensha and was shocked, "This lowly official greets Your Highness. I didn't expect Your Highness to come here personally and didn't bring any attendants. This lowly official doesn't dare to be negligent and will immediately go and inform everyone. Your Highness, please wait a moment, the Heavenly Craft Institute has its rules, this lowly official doesn't dare to invite Your Highness in."

Emperor Emperor. and said. Celestial Emperor Chen Sect. al. "Celestial Celestial Emperor., I don Celestial Of the Emperor., so, I, Celestial. Celestial of of Emperor Sect," Emperor, Emperor, "Celestial said. He had come personally to alert the enemy and give the Celestial Designer Institute face.

With his current status, even the two Divine-Level Devil Path Patriarchs of the Uncanny Workmanship of the Gods wouldn't dare to underestimate him. After all, the Tranquil Immortal Department had created a Minor Chiliocosm, and it was completely comparable to the Primordial Seventy-two Mysterious Gates. In fact, with the accumulation of the Common People's Wish sphere, it could definitely enter the top ten.

In the blink of an eye, he was already hundreds of thousands of kilometers away, standing on a huge mountain peak in the Wildlands.

To the north of the mountain was the Great Yong Dynasty's construction and transformation of the Wildlands. To the south of the mountain was the boundless, undeveloped Wildlands.

That was the reason why the mountain was called the Two World Peak. In recent years, people started calling it by it, and it gradually became a theory. It used to be just a nameless mountain.

The Barbarian Continent was vast, but with the invasion of the Great Yongchō, the entire Barbarian Continent would be devoured in a few decades, or even a hundred years.

It had been twelve years since Celestial Talisman started to develop the Barbarian Continent. As the saying goes, it takes ten years to grow trees and a hundred years to nurture people. Twelve years was enough to change a dynasty.

With the help of the Celestial Designer Institute and the Celestial Designer Institute, as well as the vast resources in the Barbarian Continent, the Great Yongchō was rich and powerful. There were almost no poor families.

Standing on the Two World Peak and looking to the north, Ning Que saw huge railways and iron cars running across the land, blowing long whistles. Countless resources were transported from the wilderness into the pass. Looking deeper, with the Divine Land as the center, on the boundless ocean in the west, there were hundreds of island countries with billions of people. They were all under the jurisdiction of Dayong, and countless iron ships were shuttling back and forth. The prosperity of the Imperial Court and the prosperity of the world had never been seen before. Gu Chensha looked at the picturesque world. He could never get tired of looking at it.

"The Celestial Designer Institute built the railways, steel cars, rivers, and ships. We transported the resources from the Barbarian Continent and the sea to the mainland and made them into all kinds of things for the common people. That's how the Great Yongchō became more powerful. The people could enjoy countless medicines at a low price. The Human Dragon Pill, Human Dragon Armor, and Human Dragon Sword created by the Celestial Designer Institute are too high-end. How many people can enjoy them?" Just as Gu Chensha was observing, a voice drifted over.

Gu Chensha came to his senses. He didn't refute and nodded. "That's right. The Celestial Designer Institute has many shortcomings. For example, the transportation, the railways, and all kinds of machinery are built by the Celestial Designer Institute. Without the Celestial Designer Institute, the people would not be able to enjoy the benefits of the prosperity of the country. I admit this. That's why the Celestial Designer Institute and the Celestial Designer Institute are working together.

As he spoke, a woman appeared on the mountain peak. Following behind her were the two great devil Taoist Ancestor of the Celestial Designer Institute, the Celestial Designer Institute's Master. This woman was dressed in a white muslin dress. She didn't seem to be of this world.

"I didn't expect you to admit the Celestial Designer Institute's shortcomings. You're so honest. I'm surprised. It seems that the Celestial Designer Institute is truly dedicated to the public. "

The woman said, "But what's even more surprising is that you actually know of my existence. The Celestial Designer Institute is so well-informed that I have to reevaluate." "I don't know if you're Imperial Sister or Imperial Sister." Gu Chensha cupped his hands.

"I was born before the Yongchō was founded. I'm about ten years older than you. Do you think I'm Imperial Sister or Imperial Sister?" Gu Huansha smiled.

"So it's Imperial Sister."

Gu Chensha bowed. "I rushed here as soon as I received news of Imperial Sister. I want to know if Imperial Sister has received Imperial Father's decree to take control of the Celestial Designer Institute?"

"The Celestial Designer Institute belongs to my mother. Even Uncle Ghost Axe and Uncle Divine Craftsman are my mother's subordinates. They were sent by my mother to help her establish the world."

Gu Huansha said, "When I was young, Father said that you would be in charge of the Celestial Designer Institute in the future. Do you think this counts as a decree?"

"Of course it does. It seems that Imperial Sister taking control of the Celestial Designer Institute is only natural and reasonable." Gu Chensha said, "Since Imperial Sister has returned, are you a friend or foe of the Celestial Designer Institute? I still want to hear Imperial Sister's opinion on how to view the world. "

"The Celestial Designer Institute has already successfully forged its own Minor Thousand Realm. Even if the world changes greatly, as long as you stay out of it, you may be invincible. Why listen to my opinion?

The Celestial Designer Institute and the Celestial Designer Institute each have their own duties and don't interfere with each other. "Gu Huansha said," Don't tell me you want to annex our Celestial Designer Institute?

Recently, the Celestial Designer Institute has swept through the world, controlling the governors and ministers of the Imperial Court. The High Study has lost all authority. The Regent Wu Dangkong stinks to no end, and the Crown Prince is cowardly and incompetent. If you use such methods against our Celestial Designer Institute, I'm actually very worried. "

"The Celestial Designer Institute punishing evil is absolutely correct for the entire Imperial Court.

The world is currently at a critical turning point. If we don't handle it well, chaos will descend once more. The laws of the world will collapse, and the people will have no way to make a living. Imperial Sister probably knows this better than I do. So for the sake of the bigger picture, we have to do something extraordinary. "

Gu Chensha's tone was firm and unshakable. "I know a little about the Immortal Master behind Imperial Sister. I've come today mainly to discuss cooperation." "What kind of cooperation? What's in it for me? "

Gu Huansha had been staring at Gu Chensha all this time, but she discovered that she couldn't see through Gu Chensha's cultivation. She was instantly shocked.

"What do you think, Masters Ghost Axe and Divine Craftsman?" Gu Chensha asked the two Masters behind him, who were waiting with their hands down.

"We were originally under the Immortal Master, but we later joined His Majesty's side. Young Miss is the Immortal Master's daughter, and also His Majesty's daughter. We will naturally follow Young Miss' lead and listen to everything you say."

As Ghost Axe spoke, he was very respectful and didn't show any signs of neglect. He was just like an old servant, completely lacking the dignity of a Divine level expert like the Demonic Taoist Ancestor.

"Since that's the case, I'll tell Imperial Sister directly."

Gu Chensha asked, "The Dharma Saint has a plan called the Spirit Demon Plan. It's to let the demons and humans fuse together, giving birth to something like the Barbarian Tribe. From there, they'll wipe out the entire human race and create a brand new race. What does Imperial Sister think of this plan?" "Then what does the Celestial Designer Institute think?" Gu Huansha asked disapprovingly.

"Slay the demons, kill the Dharma Saint, destroy the Legalists, and grind their bones to dust." Gu Chensha listed out these four points.