Chapter 731
===========

"The Great Spirit God is very ambitious. To him, the thing he is most wary of in the Tranquil Xian Department now is the things left behind by Gu Taxian that can restrain him. Otherwise, he would have long made a move on the Tranquil Xian Department. After devouring the Sorcerer Ancestor, his power is probably above ours.

All the Sorcerer Ancestor's savings have fallen into his hands. This is not as simple as obtaining a medium dimension. In the ancient desolate era, sorcery was prevalent and the Sorcerer Tribe was the number one tribe. Later on, they died out. However, the amount of savings they have accumulated is comparable to the prehistoric civilization. "

The Immortal Master said, "Even if the two of us join forces, it will definitely not be easy to suppress and kill the Great Spirit God."

"Therefore, we need to borrow the power of the Tranquil Xian Department." Wan Senshi said, "Of course, the Sun Moon Lord, Gu Tiansha, can also restrain the Great Spirit God."

"The Sun Moon Lord, Gu Tiansha's potential is far above that of the Great Spirit God. Even if the Great Spirit God devours the Sorcerer Ancestor, he will definitely not be a match for Gu Tiansha. In order to restrain Gu Tiansha, we must first gather the Endless 36 Treasures and cut off the power of the Sun Moon Great Thousand. Only then will it be equivalent to cutting off Gu Tiansha's claws and teeth. It will be easy to suppress, refine and kill him."

The Immortal Master said, "No matter what, once the two of us gather the Endless 36 Treasures, we will be able to grasp the essence of the Land of Infinity and push for a revolution in the Central Plains of the Divine Prefecture. When that time comes, we will be able to add our wills to the Heaven Realm of the Land of Infinity. Breaking through realms will be a piece of cake."

"The Endless 36 Treasures have already appeared. For example, that Wen Hong has obtained the Endless Cauldron. The power of this cauldron is immense. Among the Endless 36 Treasures, it can be ranked in the top three. As the saying goes, the Cauldron Mountains and Rivers."

Wan Senshi said, "This person has already infiltrated the Great Wei Dynasty, roped in a bunch of nobles, subdued many cities and duchies, and built a huge sacrificial altar. The power of the sacrificial altar has been infused into the cauldron, creating strands of Celestial Realm power. This kind of power can make his cultivation progress extremely fast. Even stepping into the Celestial Lord Realm in the future will be smooth sailing."

"He used to be a Child of Destiny, and he's also the reincarnation of the Endless Cauldron of the thirty-six Endless Treasures. His many identities are simply unimaginable. We can't capture someone with such great destiny. If we fail, not only will we create enmity, but we'll also accelerate his growth.

Hence, it would be best for us to get someone else to do the dirty work, and have the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, do this.

Gu Tiansha also knows that the Endless 36 Treasures can restrain him, so he has to think of a way to collect the thirty-six treasures and control them himself, "the Immortal Master said.

"We have a plan for all of this. Immortal Master, because of your relationship with Gu Taxian, your vision is sharper than mine. Do you think Gu Chensha can snatch the Martial Sage from Gu Chensha's hands this time?" At this time, Wan Senshi once again turned his gaze to the battle on the Great Stone Wall.

The Sun-Moon Lord, Gu Tiansha, was furious. Being called a 'vile spawn' by Gu Chensha seemed to have violated his taboo. Therefore, he wanted to use his strongest means to make Gu Chensha and the Martial Sage suffer a fate worse than death.

"According to logic, it is impossible for Gu Chensha to deal with the enraged Gu Tiansha. After all, Gu Tiansha has grasped the strength of the Sun-Moon Great Thousand Realms. These two great thousand realms far surpass two dimensional realms.

If Gu Tiansha disregards everything and attacks with his full strength, I'm afraid that even the Paramita Golden Mountain and the Common People's Wish Sphere won't be able to resist. Of course, if he wants to kill the Calming Immortal Department, Gu Tiansha will also suffer a backlash. After all, the Calming Immortal Department's destiny is extremely rich, almost number one in the world, "the Immortal Master said.

"In the end, when both forces are mutually wounded, we can act and obtain great benefits. Whether it is capturing Gu Chensha, sealing Gu Tiansha, or obtaining the Martial Sage, it will all be great harvests." Wan Senshi was thinking of such a good thing.

"It's not that simple. Whether it is Gu Chensha or Gu Tiansha, they are both the most important chess pieces of Gu Taxian or the Heavenly Dao. Right now, it hasn't reached the stage where both sides are mutually wounded and I can take advantage of the situation. But I'm very curious, how will that Gu Chensha resolve Gu Tiansha's attack?"

As the Immortal Master watched, an aura from his body froze the surrounding space-time turbulence. Clearly, he would act at any moment.

At this time, on the Great Stone Great Wall, Gu Tiansha's Sun-Moon Powers were becoming more and more ferocious. It had already enveloped Gu Chensha and the Martial Sage, and was about to crush them in one fell swoop.

"Gu Chensha, Martial Sage, the two of you have successfully angered me today. Very good."

Gu Tiansha's voice was filled with rage. "Perhaps, you two still don't know what kind of terrifying existence you have offended." "Gu Tiansha, bring out all your cards."

Gu Chensha suddenly became confident. No matter how Gu Tiansha pressured him, he would be able to hold on.

"Lightning, come!"

When Gu Tiansha saw this, he laughed coldly. "How long do you think your Heavenly Dao technique can last?

If you had cultivated to the God level and could manifest the Heavenly Dao technique into the power of the world, I wouldn't be able to do anything to you. Unfortunately, even if you obtained the experience of the Martial Sage ascending to the Celestial Lord level, you still wouldn't be able to advance to the God level! "

As he spoke, the boundless power of the Sun-Moon Universe transformed into the sun and the moon, violently crashing down. This was truly the destruction of the sun and the fall of the moon, and the collapse of the heavens and the earth. Bang! Huge bolts of lightning flashed past.

Divine lightning formed from the power of the Sun-Moon Universe struck down. Not only would the Great Stone Great Wall be completely destroyed, but even a large area of the Divine Central Continent, as well as all the buildings in the Wildlands outside the pass, would be reduced to ashes. Nothing would be left.

"Great Stone Great Wall, transform into a stone dragon, absorb!"

At this moment, Gu Chensha's eyes fiercely shone, as if containing everything within them. His Heavenly Dao technique fused with the Great Stone Great Wall, and the entire Great Stone Great Wall came to life. The majestic and inconceivable power contained within it was activated.

The entire Great Stone Great Wall seemed to transform into a giant dragon, awakening. This was the guardian of the Divine Prefecture. The giant dragon that protected the Divine Prefecture.

The giant dragon formed from the Great Stone Great Wall also seemed to open its eyes, and then it opened its mouth and gently inhaled. Buzz …

Boundless space and chaos seemed to collapse, and the sun and moon in the sky trembled a few times, as if they were about to be sucked into the mouth. The divine lightning that Gu Chensha had sent out was also devoured by the giant dragon formed from the Great Stone Great Wall.

The construction of the Great Stone Great Wall itself was a kind of miracle. When the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had built it, he had sent away the people living at the border. Suddenly, the entire Great Wall had appeared at the vast border of the Wildlands in a single night, blocking the invasion of the Barbarians.

The people who climbed up the Great Wall touched the Great Stone Great Wall. The structure of the Great Wall was just a pile of stones. In essence, it was not made of any special materials.

But after so many years, the Great Stone Great Wall had never been destroyed by anyone. The Barbarians had tried to destroy the Great Stone Great Wall countless times, but to no avail. There seemed to be some kind of mysterious power protecting the Great Stone Great Wall. Not only that, the Great Stone Great Wall had weathered many storms, but it had not changed at all.

Gu Chensha knew that the things left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor were definitely not simple, especially something like the Great Stone Great Wall, which protected the Divine Prefecture.

Gu Chensha used the Great Stone Great Wall to activate its mysterious power, which he could use to deal with the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha.

All of Gu Chensha's attacks were devoured in that instant, and the giant dragon formed from the Great Stone Great Wall seemed to stare at Gu Chensha, showing its might, as if it wanted to completely kill this vile spawn who had destroyed the Divine Prefecture.

Gu Chensha's attack just now had crossed the line, and he wanted to destroy the Divine Prefecture. This was intolerable, just like how Xing Qiongshi had used his own power to use the 100th level of the Divine Prefecture Great Art to absorb the entire Divine Prefecture into his body and cultivate an unprecedented divine ability. In the end, he had suffered a backlash, and his injuries had only recovered now.

"How dare you!"

When Gu Tiansha saw the giant dragon formed by the Great Stone Wall staring at him, a look of fear immediately appeared on his face. However, his tone was still sharp. His body suddenly floated up, escaping into the endless space, and actually disappeared just like that. He did not want to fight with the giant dragon formed from the Great Stone Great Wall. He gave up on capturing the Martial Sage.

"Power, feedback!"

Gu Chensha moved his hands, and suddenly, the power of the sun and moon, the power of the universe, was spat out from the mouth of the giant dragon formed from the Great Stone Great Wall. Then, it shrank into two fist-sized suns and moons, which rotated with each other.

Then, he activated the Heavenly Path Technique, and fiercely sent these two small suns and moons into the Martial Sage's body.

Immediately, the Martial Sage's aura was complete, and his Celestial Lord power was stable. He saved a long time of conversion and cultivation, and successfully passed the Human Tribulation.

This was equivalent to Gu Chensha helping the Martial Sage to cultivate to the Celestial Lord level and consolidate his Karmic Rank.

"Shh …" The Martial Sage successfully passed the tribulation, and a light of enlightenment appeared on his face. The pure aura of a Celestial Lord appeared in the depths of his eyebrows. He was no longer a Sage, but had jumped out of the Three Realms, no longer within the Five Elements, and had broken through the logic and understanding of the world. He had truly become a Celestial Lord.

"Old Brother, thank you for protecting me, allowing me to pass the Human Tribulation and drive away the Sun-Moon Lord. If it wasn't for that, I'm afraid I wouldn't have been able to pass this tribulation, and I would still be trapped forever." The Martial Sage nodded.

"Lord Martial Sage has great karma. Since the Primordial Era, he has protected humanity. If he encountered a tribulation, it would be because the universe has no eyes. The Dharma Saint also has great karma for humanity, so even if he is going against the flow now, he still has the blessing of fate, and it will be difficult to shake his foundation, let alone Lord Martial Sage."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Actually, all of this should be within father's expectations. It's just that I don't know if the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Chensha is father's chess piece or the Heavenly Path's chess piece." "If that's the case, it's not very terrifying."

The Martial Sage moved his body, adapting to his Celestial Lord power. "The terrifying thing is because the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor and the Heavenly Path were entangled. Both sides lost control, and that's why Gu Chensha was born. "