Chapter 164
===========

After obtaining a Dao Realm Transformation Seven Bone Monster, Gu Chensha was really happy. With Lou Baiyue here, if he could subdue dozens of such Bone Monsters, then he wouldn't need to fear any army at all. He wouldn't even need to work hard to build the wilderness.

"Right, I remember that the Demon Path has many techniques that can be refined to control ghosts and gods. If we get more of these skeletons, we can use the Demon Path techniques to refine them."

Gu Chensha said, "What is the Nine Word Mysterious Killing Demon that Heng Unmoving wants to refine? It can actually store Xiantian Energy for its own use."

"The Nine Word Mysterious Killing Demon is really amazing and it is like a clone. Normal people have limited storage of Xiantian Energy, so they have to use treasures to store it and use it when facing enemies."

Lou Baiyue said, "You know about this yourself, but the Nine Word Mysterious Killing Demon is a living body. After one refines it, it can automatically turn into Xiantian Energy. Its attributes are the same as yours, so you don't need to inject it in." "So that is the case."

Gu Chensha nodded his head, "It seems like the Heng Family is really deep. Even if they lost the third volume, they are still using all sorts of Demon Path techniques to make up for it."

"If we can get 36 of these Bone Monsters, then I can help you refine 36 Big Dipper Constellation Warriors. Our efficiency will be much higher and you won't need to recruit troops."

Lou Baiyue said, "Be it the Celestial Path or Demon Path, they don't need humans to work. They just refine puppets. Actually, humans will do the same in the future.

Puppets don't know fatigue and don't have any negative emotions. They are calm and steady and are the best labor force.

The Celestial Craft Institute has actually been creating puppets that normal people can control. It's just that some details aren't there yet. " "If that happens, then won't many people lose their jobs?" Gu Chensha said.

"That isn't the case. People will be released from labor and can pursue cultivation, literature, etc. The golden age of the world will arrive." Lou Baiyue imagined the future, "I just don't know if we will be able to see that scene."

"Let's not talk too much for now. Let's get rid of the scourge of the world and assist Father in governing the world." Gu Chensha looked ahead.

"Don't move. We still can't act rashly here. I'll scout the way." Lou Baiyue said, "We have to be careful at every step. We can't afford to make any mistakes." "Then it's up to you." Gu Chensha sighed. "My cultivation is shallow. I can't help you at all."

"But that's not the case. Your Vitality can now attract higher-level demons." Many lights suddenly appeared on Lou Baiyue's body and seeped into the air again. After a few dozen breaths, some more lights were collected. The two of them moved forward again, exploring step by step.

This was a huge plain of bones. Countless skeletons were piled up like mountains. It was unknown which ancient giant beasts they belonged to, but among these skeletons, there were many weapons and armors of excellent quality. Of course, Gu Chensha wouldn't let them go. He picked them up one by one.

It wasn't troublesome to collect these things. With a wave of Lou Baiyue's hand, Connate Energy swept out. Without any danger, they could collect things from miles away.

In addition, the two of them had grotto-heaven level treasures. They could take as many as they wanted.

"The weapons and armors here are basically made of metal essence. It seems like they're the standard treasures of the immortal path." Gu Chensha said, "Let me count. We've picked up about tens of thousands of kilograms of metal essence.

In the market, one kilogram of metal essence is about a few thousand dollars. Not to mention that these metal essences have been soaked in Absolute Kindness Gentle Water. Their quality is far higher than ordinary metal essences. " "They're all small things. There are actually many ancient treasures left here."

Lou Baiyue sighed. "Unfortunately, I haven't cultivated Soul Tendrils. I can't penetrate underground to investigate." Connate Energy couldn't pass through objects. It was also very weak. It was just a stream of energy.

Lou Baiyue could use this Energy to explore. It was also because of the subtlety of the Great Massacre Divine Technique. It was far superior to ordinary Energy, so it could be used for exploration. However, compared to seeing through everything, it was inferior to Soul Tendrils. Soul Tendrils spread out in all directions. They could penetrate all material obstacles. They could even discover what was wrapped in rocks and see the internal structure of metal. These were not things that Connate Energy could compare to. This was because this was the power of gods, the power of the primordial spirit.

"We're still at the periphery. We haven't reached the center. Therefore, many treasures left behind from the Great War of Gods and Demons are deeper."

Lou Baiyue continued, "We need to find the bones of gods and the flesh of gods. Compared to them, these small things are like the meat on a mosquito's leg." "A thousand-year-old bone demon isn't the strongest existence, right?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Of course. Even the strongest thousand-year-old bone demon can't do anything to me. However, if it cultivates a primordial spirit and finds all kinds of treasures, it can make its body grow all kinds of flesh and blood. Then, it won't be a bone demon anymore. It'll be another kind of existence and become a demon." Lou Baiyue said, "I can't subdue that kind of existence."

"That kind of existence is also an ambitious and ruthless person." Gu Chensha observed the surroundings and continued forward.

As he moved forward, he activated the blood in his body to spread out in an attempt to attract more skeletons.

Lou Baiyue's cultivation was profound. She could refine the skeletons in an instant. Her speed was as fast as catching fish with a net.

Now that his blood was extremely powerful, he was also very attractive to people of the demonic path.

Lou Baiyue also felt it. "Your whole body is a treasure. If I were a bone demon, I would definitely eat you so that I can grow flesh and blood again." As expected, the moment she said this, many skeletons appeared in the distance.

There were white skeletons, silver skeletons, and golden skeletons. There were even a few thousand-year-old bone demons floating in the air. Gu Chensha's aura had lured out all the demons that were hiding in this place.

"Good fellow." A look of joy appeared on Lou Baiyue's face.

She didn't care about those normal skeletons. A few black lotuses appeared on her body and she instantly flew above the heads of those few thousand-year-old bone demons.

The few thousand-year-old bone demons were locked in place by the black lotuses. Numerous black talismans appeared on their bodies and in the blink of an eye, they became Lou Baiyue's puppets.

A total of four thousand-year-old bone demons were instantly subdued by her. These four were stronger than the previous one and were around Dao Realm Transformation Eight.

The moment the four thousand-year-old bone demons were subdued, all the skeletons stopped moving. It was as if the four of them were the leaders.

"Release that Bone Demon of yours. Together with these four Bone Demons, I can help you cultivate a formation, Devouring Five Ghosts."

Lou Baiyue released all the skeletons she collected and then told Gu Chensha to release the other skeleton. The five thousand-year-old bone demons were grouped together. She shot out all sorts of talismans that circled the five thousand-year-old bone demons.

A giant black light pierced through heaven and earth. It even pierced through the mist and one could see the sky outside.

"Such a technique." Gu Chensha was speechless.

The black light turned into pillars and imprinted all sorts of talismans and formations on the five thousand-year-old bone demons. Slowly, a whirlpool appeared on the five bone demons. Kacha! The five bone demons' Xiantian Earth Energy merged with one another and they became one.

"Go, swallow these skeletons and absorb their soul flames!" Lou Baiyue ordered.

The five bone demons connected with one another and actually turned into a giant bone monster. Wherever the Xiantian Earth Energy whirlpool swept, the skeletons would be turned to dust.

Then, balls of flames would fly out from the skeletons and be swallowed by the Xiantian Earth Energy. The essence energy of the bone demons became stronger and stronger.

"Demon Devouring Ghost!" Gu Chensha said.

"No, Dao Realm Thirteen Transformations Demon Devouring Ghost swallows souls. The source of these skeletons is actually the evil energy here, so it is normal for them to swallow one another to improve themselves. They can't swallow human souls and we can't swallow their souls to improve unless we reach the Dao Realm Thirteen Transformations.

I will now form a formation with the five bone demons and use the astral energy of the Great Massacre God Art to refine them and transform their bodies. True Qi will be able to communicate with each other. This way, we won't need those useless skeletons anymore. These five bone demons will devour their souls to advance. "

Lou Baiyue said, "This is all thanks to you. If not for your fortuitous encounters to raise my Great Slaughtering God Technique, I wouldn't have been able to use so many abilities. I wanted to get some skeletons to work for me, but now that I can subdue the thousand-year-old bone demons, I don't need them anymore." While they were speaking, all the skeletons here were wiped out by the five bone demons.

After absorbing the soul fire of all the skeleton soldiers, the five bone demons' source energy had become extremely strong, and their innate Earth Energy had become twice as strong as before.

"Now, only the thousand-year-old bone demons are worth subduing."

Gu Chensha looked at the five bone demons working together. With their current strength, they could probably fight a Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Body expert without being at a disadvantage.

However, the five thousand-year-old bone demons couldn't beat Yi Ming. Even if they changed, their Xiantian Earth Energy wasn't as strong as a human's.

However, Gu Chensha knew that this was because the bone demon did not have a dantian or an acupoint, nor did it have any meridians or other things that could store Connate Stellar Energy. Therefore, their Stellar Energy was far less powerful and vigorous than that of humans.

But Lou Baiyue carved some formations in their bodies, opening up meridian-like things in their bones. They could actually store Xiantian Earth Energy, which caused their strength to increase greatly. They also swallowed other skeletons to nourish themselves and also obtained the source of evolution.

If they continued to kill, the five thousand-year-old bone demons would become stronger and stronger.