Chapter 1119
============

The Deathless World

"Another Transcendent, Boundless Universe has been born."

There was another huge reason why Gu Chensha had woken up from his calculations. In the past 100,000 years, the structure of the universe had undergone many qualitative changes. More supermassive universes had been born. These supermassive universes had devoured and attacked each other. Many of them had fused together, ultimately forming a huge universe.

Today, the universe seemed to be on the verge of transforming into something like a new world, an old world, and a new world that wasn't old or new.

The universes of the multiverse were divided into miniature universes, small universes, medium universes, large universes, mega universes, mega universes, mega universes, and then the Boundless Infinity Universe.

For a long time, there had only been three Boundless Infinity Universes. Now that there was one more, it would definitely affect the structure of heaven and earth.

A hundred thousand years was like the snap of a finger for Gu Dusha, but it was a very long time for all the living beings in the multiverse. It must be known that in the Land of Infinity and the Divine Central Continent, from the Primordial Age until Gu Dusha's time, how many heroes, how many ancient Emperors, how many Saints, and how many demons had appeared? And yet, it had only been a mere ten thousand years.

Gu Chensha observed the changes in the destiny of the Undying experts, and then turned his attention to the Boundless Infinity Universe that was about to become a Boundless Infinity Universe. The universe was rapidly expanding, and countless forces began to circulate and transform. Gu Chensha's thoughts spun, and he immediately knew what was going on in the universe.

This universe was called the Deathless Universe. It had been founded by a group of people who weren't willing to accept that they had lifespan. They wanted to get rid of it and gain eternal life, so they formed this universe. As the organization grew, so did the universe, as if it had gathered all the destiny in the universe to reach this point. This organization was called the House of Deathless. It was in line with the ideals of all living beings in heaven and earth.

In the past, as long as one could break through the Heavenly Longevity realm and reach Heaven Primal, they could live forever. As long as they weren't killed by outsiders, they would have eternal life. But now, even the Undying realm couldn't give them eternal life. Therefore, all living beings wanted to break this status quo, which was why the House of Deathless had been born. The Lifeless Sect had indeed become the number one power in the cosmos.

This was because there were thirty-six Supreme Immortal Realm experts in the Lifeless Sect, including Wang Dong and the Ancient Divine Ability.

During these one hundred thousand years, more than a hundred supreme existences were born, and half of them gathered at the Lifeless Gate. Their ultimate goal was to break the shackles of lifespan and kill Gu Chensha to regain their immortality. Their lives were in their own hands. And now, it was time for the Lifeless Gate to activate the Lifeless Universe and ascend.

As long as the Lifeless Universe ascends to become a Super Boundless Universe, their cultivation and lifespan would increase even further.

Furthermore, in the moment of ascension, the universe would produce a power of plunder. It would plunder the essence of the new world and the old world, becoming the number one existence in the universe.

Right now, the new world was fully deserving of being number one. Even without Gu Chensha, Gu Chensha had set down the rules, so the people of the new world still followed the word 'creation'. Universes were spat out and created without limit.

Originally, the new world could surpass the old and new worlds, but Lin Yixun, Zhou Qin, and the others worked together to form the bodies of the six future protagonists. This consumed a lot of the destiny of this world, making it difficult for this world to rise above the others.

"Those who ask a tiger for its skin are bound to face disaster." This was Gu Chensha's evaluation of Lin Yixun.

Lin Yixun came from the new world. She seized the opportunity to obtain the moment when the Fourth Gu Huasha withered and died. She established the new world and became Everlasting.

She became Undecaying. Unfortunately, at that time, her fate energy was at its peak, and then her love declined. Gu Chensha even saw her ending. In the future, she would definitely fall at the hands of others. She was the protagonist of an era, but she wouldn't last long. Gu Chensha arrived at the Lifeless Universe.

At this moment, in the depths of the Lifeless Gate, thirty-six Everlasting Realm experts were gathered for a meeting.

The leader was not Wang Dong and Gu Shentong, but someone else. This person was called "Qu Chen." This person actually sat at the top of the Lifeless Universe and was much more powerful than Wang Dong and Gu Shentong.

This person's lifespan had reached tens of billions of years, comparable to Lou Baiyue. It was unknown how he cultivated. He was the rising protagonist in the last hundred thousand years. With a quick scan, Gu Chensha completely saw through the cause and effect of this "Qu Chen."

This "Qu Chen" had an extremely complicated background. He started as a peasant boy, but because he was involved in a matter, his family was annihilated by the people of Jianghu. He was the only one who escaped. Later, he went through untold hardships and became a servant of a wealthy family. Just as he settled down, he started to practice martial arts for revenge. He also flirted with the young lady of this wealthy family and seemed to have tasted the taste of love. He even had some fortuitous encounters. However, this wealthy family offended the nobles and was annihilated. The young lady was nowhere to be found. Only "Qu Chen" escaped. He didn't have a fixed place to stay, and he kept thinking about revenge. Unfortunately, he was still hunted down. In the process of being hunted down, he gradually grew and was even taken in by a Royal Highness of the empire.

Unfortunately, good times didn't last long. When he flirted with the Royal Highness' daughter, the Royal Highness' family was annihilated because he was involved in the struggle for the throne. Thus, Qu Chen once again began his life of escape.

In the process of his escape, he entered a cultivation sect. The sect took good care of him and nurtured him as a genius. Unfortunately, good times didn't last long. Extreme joy turned to sorrow. This sect offended another large sect and was annihilated.

Qu Chen could only watch helplessly as his Senior Brothers, Senior Sisters, Junior Sisters and Junior Brothers, who were very close to him, were killed, imprisoned and humiliated. He was extremely sad and once again began his life of escape.

In this way, he kept running and joining various forces. However, as long as it was a force that was good to him, it would be annihilated. Even Qu Chen himself didn't know what was going on. He hated heaven and earth. As he grew step by step, he finally attributed this to Gu Chensha manipulating everything. He wanted to annihilate Gu Chensha. He wanted to kill everything in the new world.

Along the way, he didn't know how many fortuitous encounters he had, how many dangers he had encountered. He had finally grown to a terrifying level. Unfortunately, he wasn't satisfied. In fact, his heart was filled with pain. The people he cared about, the people he loved, his family, and his friends had all left him. He was the only one left behind. He was the embodiment of disaster. Anyone who was close to him would suffer misfortune. He was the King of Misfortune.

Of course, those who opposed him didn't have a good ending. Those who killed his friends would be returned tenfold.

He had reached the Supreme Immortal level ten thousand years ago, and he was still growing. In the end, he suppressed many Supreme Immortal experts and formed an alliance, creating the Lifespan Universe.

The Lifespan Universe was enormous. During its creation, it had encountered many tribulations, all of which he had resisted. Now, it was evolving.

"Ladies and gentlemen, today is the day our Lifespan Universe ascends to a supreme, limitless, boundless universe. Once it is complete, our strength will greatly increase. This time, we must unite as one and overcome all the tribulations. Sooner or later, we will suppress Gu Chensha, break through his shackles, and obtain eternal life."

Qu Chen sat on the first chair, looking around at all the Immortal Realm experts, especially Wang Dong and the Ancient Divine Ability cultivator.

Of the thirty-six chairs in the hall, he was number one. Wang Dong was number two, Ancient Divine Ability was number three, and Li Fusheng was number four. He was actually someone that Zhou Yang had nurtured all those years ago. Now, he had reached the Invincible Immortal Realm. Ranked fifth was Chen Qi.

He hadn't been born out of nowhere. Back in the Arcana Universe, he had received help from Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha had him write novels all over the Arcana Universe, gathering a lot of people. Later, when he cultivated Arcana Techniques, he wrote even faster. Countless people couldn't help but be fascinated by him. In the end, he had managed to reach the Supreme Immortal level in secret.

However, he had joined the Lifespan Universe in the end, becoming a member of the resistance against Gu Chensha. He wanted eternal life.

Ever since he had started writing novels, he had created countless main characters. Even though they were just characters in novels, the more people saw them, the more their fate would spread. These worlds would take shape in parallel illusions, because the power of the human heart was unfathomable.

That wasn't unusual. In the early days, there were no gods, but some villagers built wooden statues and worshiped them day and night. Then, the gods were formed, and they were extremely powerful.

What Chen Qi wrote wasn't just for the people of a village to read, but for the entire Arcana Kingdom. Later, the Arcana Kingdom merged with the old world and became even more popular. Later, when Chen Qi's power reached the Heavenly Dao Realm, it spread to many other universes. Finally, he reached the Supreme Immortal level.

Now, looking at his body, there were illusory worlds everywhere. Each illusory world was a framework of his world.

In the countless illusory worlds, countless main characters also had great fate, and they were providing fate for Chen Qi. In other words, Chen Qi's potential was even greater than Qu Chen's.