Chapter 633
===========

There were a total of nine people present. Apart from Dou Nineteen and Dou Yiyu, there were seven others, including Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha was disguised as Loose Man Liu Xu, Ling Shaofei, and five other cultivators, three men and two women. Dou Yiyu had no idea where she found these five cultivators, but they all had profound providence. Of course, the one with the most profound providence was Ling Shaofei.

Even those who did not know Providence Divination could see that this young man had the power to rule the world, almost to the extent that his providence could interfere with reality. This kind of providence was extremely terrifying. This kind of person could be said to get whatever he wanted, and get whatever he wanted.

In fact, Ling Shaofei was indeed like this. He had one fortuitous encounter after another, and his speed of advancement was extremely fast. It was not impossible for him to reach the God Realm in the future.

If it were in the past, even if he was the reincarnation of the Spiritual Star Flying Star, he would still need to comprehend and temper himself countless times in order to attain the Divine level. But now, with the great changes in the world, his heroic nature was even more apparent. Many ambitious and ruthless characters appeared out of nowhere, and almost everyone could perform on this great stage. There was also a surge of experts.

Gu Chensha was not surprised by this. In the countless historical records, when the world was in turmoil, the speed of experts' advancement was much faster than usual. This was the will of the Heavenly Dao.

"Brother Shaofei, in order to gain a foothold in the Alliance of Myriad Immortals, we have to stick together. Now, you will be the leader of this group."

Dou Yiyu was still pretending to be a Dao Realm cultivator with twenty cycles of Gather and Disperse Impermanence, which was far worse than Ling Shaofei, so she still had to pretend.

"That's right, we are all people who have comprehended Heaven Shocking Energy. If we join forces, we will have endless power. Among us, Brother Shaofei has the highest cultivation base. A dragon without a head can't do anything. Brother Shaofei deserves to be our leader," one of the cultivators said.

"I'm not a member of the Alliance of Myriad Immortals, but fortunately, anyone can enter the New Divine Continent."

Ling Shaofei nodded. "I came here to trade with many cultivators, and also to see how powerful Wan Senshi is, and how he is able to command all the immortals. At first glance, I can tell that he is indeed an ancient giant, and his Doomsday Salvation Scripture is unfathomable, far beyond what I can compare with.

However, I still don't intend to join the Union of Ten Thousand Immortals. If you make me the leader, I'm afraid it will destroy the original intention of the Union of Ten Thousand Immortals. "

"Young Master, you're wrong. The Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals is a loose organization. Everyone is free to come and go, and Wan Senshi did not stop us.

The Young Master entered the New God Continent and directly comprehended the Heaven Shocking Energy. What kind of luck was that?

Moreover, Young Master's comprehension of Heaven Shocking Energy is definitely more profound than ours. We still need Young Master's guidance. "

Dou Yiyu said, "Let's join forces and try our luck in the Central Divine Continent. If we join forces, we can help each other when we encounter danger, and we won't have our fortuitous encounters snatched away by others.

We're all people who have cultivated the Startling Heavens technique, so we can establish a Startling Heavens Association with you as the leader. What do you think? "Dou Yiyu said.

At this time, Dou Nineteen secretly transmitted, "Big Sister, why go through so much trouble? Just capture this Ling Shaofei, then extract his karmic luck, refine him, and seize the profoundness of the Two-Star Spirit Flight. How about that?"

"It's not that easy. This kid has a great fortuitous encounter, and if I ruin it immediately, I won't be able to seize it.

Not only can I not capture him and refine him, but I also have to secretly cultivate him, making his fortune even stronger. Do you see these people I've recruited?

None of them have as much fortune as him, so I'm giving him food. On the way to the Central Divine Continent, I'll use a secret technique to transfer everyone's fortune to him, "Dou Yiyu explained.

"Big Sister is raising a Gu," Dou Nineteen said in astonishment.

"With Ling Shaofei as the Gu King, he'll devour all kinds of poisonous insects and finally become a real Gu."

"That's right. Moreover, Ling Shaofei has already fused the profoundness of Spirit Star and Flying Star into his Nascent Divinity. Even if we kill him, we won't be able to seize it. It's like cooking a good ingredient into a dish, and it's very difficult to restore it."

Dou Yiyu said, "Besides, the Two-Star Spirit Flight Star has been born, and the Two-Star Carefree Star is not far away. With the Two-Star Spirit Flight Star and Carefree Star working together, whoever can grasp them will have the upper hand in the upcoming general trend."

"Eldest Sister's plans are flawless. Even ghosts and gods are unpredictable." Dou Nineteen could only obey.

At this time, Ling Shaofei glanced at the many cultivators present and nodded. "Since everyone regards me as your leader, it's not impossible for you to go to the Divine Continent to search for treasures.

But don't cause any trouble, and don't even think about capturing the people of the Calming Immortal Department. I've seen how powerful the Calming Immortal Department is, and there are many hidden dragons and crouching tigers among them. We might not even be a match for the Supreme Commander of the Common People. "

"Of course I know this. We have no enmity with the Calming Immortal Department, so why should we covet Wan Senshi's reward and throw our lives away?" Gu Chensha said.

"That makes sense."

The cultivators all nodded. "The Calming Immortal Department will seek revenge for the smallest grievance, so we should still be careful. This time, when Wan Senshi starts a war, we'll probably be caught in the crossfire." "I don't think so."

Ling Shaofei seemed to have a good impression of the Calming Immortal Department. "I've done business with the Calming Immortal Department many times, and we're honest with both the old and the young. No matter how good the treasure is, they won't take it by force. Even if the commoners come across a fortuitous encounter and go to the Calming Immortal Department to exchange for something, they won't swindle them either. If those commoners aren't treasures, they'll take the initiative to appraise them and tell them exactly what the treasure is and how much it's worth. It has the air of a king. " "Eh?" When Gu Chensha heard this, he had a good impression of Ling Shaofei.

The Calming Immortal Department's Chamber of Commerce now received a large number of treasures every day, and the commoners who obtained treasures were also willing to appraise and trade them.

In addition, the Calming Immortal Department had also confiscated the Clear Skies Chamber of Commerce, the National Fortune Party, the Hongyun Games, and the various aristocratic families' chambers of commerce. They had completely monopolized the entire market, and no one could contend against them. Thus, the Calming Immortal Department had benefited the most from all the fortuitous encounters in the Divine Continent.

After all, the order of the entire Divine Land was still under the control of the Department of Tranquility, and it was more cohesive than before.

In the past, many aristocratic families had interfered, and the local officials had been unable to use the Imperial Court's basic strategies.

But now, although the Imperial Court hadn't completely destroyed these aristocratic families, the aristocratic families were all holed up in their shells. The Imperial Court had nibbled away their influence, and they no longer had the ability to interfere with the political situation.

Furthermore, the Calming Immortal Department was in charge of the Imperial Court, and the political situation was clear and orderly. They focused on promoting talented people, and many of the students who had graduated from the Common People's Wishes Institute had already begun to enter the grassroots.

For example, some students had learned the Dragon Cultivation Technique, and had high aptitude. They had been sent to various villages to become mayors, or even village chiefs, to maintain order, develop the economy, unite the people, and publicize the policies of the Calming Immortal Department. In this way, from top to bottom, everyone was a member of the Calming Immortal Department.

"In that case, let's go," Dou Yiyu said, waving his hand.

The group of nine had all cultivated Shocking Energy, and were cultivators with great fortune. Through the teleportation portal of the New Divine Land, they arrived at the border of the Eastern Wastelands in no time at all, and then looked toward the true Central Divine Land.

The border of the Eastern Wastelands contained more than ten large prefectures, and they were now at the border of Azure Prefecture.

Because Azure Prefecture was so close to the Eastern Wastelands, it had many dealings with the immortal dao. Because of that, there were many local tyrants, bandits, martial arts sects, and all sorts of robbers. In any case, if something happened, they could just burrow into the Eastern Wastelands. There were countless forests and countless cultivators, and the Imperial Court couldn't do anything about it.

The martial arts sects, local tyrants, and the immortal dao were all connected in countless ways. Basically, the local officials of the previous dynasties were nothing more than decorations. If they didn't obey, they'd be killed on the spot.

During the reign of Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman, the situation in Azure Prefecture had improved a bit.

"The Calming Immortal Department really is impressive."

Just as they stepped into the Azure Province, Ling Shaofei let out a sigh, "Look at the entire Azure Province. Not to mention the dozens of provincial cities, even the prefectures, counties, towns, and villages below them have been replaced with students from the Common People's Wish Academy. Even the weakest of these students is of intermediate aptitude. As they cultivate the Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique, their aptitude will gradually rise to intermediate aptitude. These officials have cleaned up the places and managed the entire Azure Province in an orderly manner.

"Azure Prefecture is the closest prefecture to the Eastern Wastelands. The Calming Immortal Department is known as the Calming Immortal Department, and the first thing they're wary of is the immortal dao."

Dou Yiyu was also observing the local customs and practices. "The Calming Immortal Department's strongest administrator is Zhuge Ya. He's inherited all of Jiang Gongwang's legacies, pushing through the layers to bring forth the new. From the bottom to the top, he controls everything and mobilizes the common people.

Azure Prefecture's common people used to be the weakest, but now they're stronger than any other prefecture. "

With Dou Yiyu's eyesight, he could see the rolling destiny soaring into the sky, gathering in the depths of the void and entering the sphere of Common Life's Wishes.

"In this Azure Prefecture, every county has an Institute of Common Life's Wishes, allowing all the children in the county to study there. Even newborn babies are taken care of and patrolled. This has already been implemented in every town, and even every household in the village."

Ling Shaofei was rather interested in the world. "From birth to adulthood, the Calming Immortal Department practically takes care of everything.

In this way, the new generation basically inherits the ideals of the Calming Immortal Department. It's simply terrifying. " "This is because the Calming Immortal Department is wealthy and well-run."

Dou Yiyu said, "Moreover, they're meticulous and meticulous in everything. They know how to draw on the history of the past. Many Deity experts, even Sages, don't have a better understanding of governance than them. "

"These things are worth learning, especially for Deity experts. They need to learn how to unite the hearts of the people and govern the world. Otherwise, it's basically impossible for their own world to advance."

Ling Shaofei strolled leisurely in the courtyard. He wasn't in a hurry to search for treasures, and was instead chatting with Dou Yiyu.