Chapter 492
===========

The ancient Buddhist Sect had disappeared a long time ago and hadn't appeared in the world for almost ten thousand years. However, Gu Chensha felt that there would definitely be some hidden orthodoxies passed down. In the great change of the world, they showed some clues again. What were they trying to do? Maybe in the great change of the world, there would be some huge benefits.

In every calamity, when chaos came, there would be heroes appearing. This was the fate of the calamity. Whoever could capture it could laugh for tens of thousands of years.

This was like a chaotic time when the people changed dynasties. If one dared to fight and fight, he could fight for a title and his family's wealth.

Gu Chensha had been thinking about this question. What was the reason for heroes to appear in such a chaotic time? Or was it because some kind of order was disrupted and people's potential was released?

If one thought about it carefully, they could increase the thickness of one's cultivation, which was of great benefit to enlightenment.

"Brother, what is your surname? How many demons did you kill this time? "Gu Chensha cupped his hands.

"My surname is Qin, and my name is a single Chinese character."

The young scholar said, "This time, I am ashamed. I killed less than a thousand demons, and there were only a few dozen above Dao Realm. When those demons connected, they were proficient in formations. When they were connected, I couldn't do anything to them."

"We can use hand cannons to blow them up and make them scatter. Then, we can kill them one by one," Gu Chensha said.

"Hand cannons are powerful, but they are hard to carry."

Qin Han said to Gu Chensha, "I see that you are calm, so your cultivation must be above mine. May I ask for your name?" "I am Fang Lin."

Gu Chensha made up another name, but this one had an identity. "I am not talented, but I had some fortuitous encounters. This time, I came to Sin Province to cultivate. On one hand, I want to kill more demons for wealth, and on the other, I want to see what the world is like. We scholars have to look further than normal people. Only then can we seek good fortune and avoid calamity. Otherwise, when chaos comes, everyone will be swept into the torrent and won't be able to escape." "It seems like you don't have high hopes for the imperial court?"

Qin Han's interest was piqued. "Nowadays, the imperial court is still clear and bright. They are constantly expanding their territory. The people do not have any grievances either. Everyone lives and works in peace and contentment. The population is increasing rapidly every year. I think we still have many years of good fortune ahead of us."

"I don't think so. Thousands of years ago, the Wu Dynasty was at its peak, when a devil-plague broke out. Then, the dynasty was torn apart, and the world was plunged into chaos. After a hundred years of darkness, the Wu Dynasty slowly recovered." Gu Chensha looked at Qin Han and said, "Brother, you're well versed in the history books. Surely you're aware of this." "You're right."

Although there is a Crown Prince, he has no prestige and no rallying power. In the Upper Study, there is still a Concubine supervising the state. The ministers do not know who they listen to, and their hearts are scattered, each making their own plans. On the other hand, the Celestial Tranquility Department is doing its best to maintain the situation and prevent it from collapsing. That is a rare feat. "

"As expected, Brother Qin Han, I agree with you. However, no eggs can remain intact when the nest is overturned. If the Devil-Plague breaks out and engulfs the world, where will we go?" Gu Chensha asked.

"We can only escape into the mountains and forests and leave the Divine Central Continent. The world is vast, and there are plenty of places for us to hide." Qin Han sighed. "Then, once we've achieved some success in our cultivation, we can leave the mountains and save the people." "I don't think that plan will work."

Gu Chensha waved his hand dismissively. "This Devil-Plague is unprecedented. I'm afraid everyone from top to bottom will be caught up in it, and it will be difficult for us to escape. Even with your abilities, brother, you won't be able to get far. A Nine Transformation Devil Cultivator or higher could easily catch up to you."

"If the Devils occupy the Divine Central Continent and use it as a stronghold, they can spread their Demonic Might for billions of kilometers. Even if we reach the Gold Core Realm, we won't be able to escape their pursuit." Qin Han thought about it and agreed.

"That's right. Just like how the Imperial Court has set up organizations everywhere to encourage the people to kill Devils in exchange for rewards. If the Devils occupy the Divine Central Continent, they will do the same. They will have their experts hunt down human experts everywhere. When that happens, it will be the end of the human race." Gu Chensha said, "When that time comes, even the gods of the human race will not be able to protect themselves." "Well said!"

At this time, a group of scholars came over as well. "We must not harbor any thoughts of hiding from the world. Otherwise, if the Devils gain the upper hand, there will be no place for us to hide no matter how big the world is. We will be like rats crossing the street, hunted down by the Devils, living in constant fear.

From now on, the people of the world must unite, advance bravely, and fight to the death against the Devils. " "That's right. We scholars are the backbone of the world. We must hold on."

Another scholar said, "The current Imperial Court treats us scholars well. Not only do we not need any money to study and cultivate, we even receive a monthly stipend. Compared to several decades ago, the difference is like the difference between heaven and earth. We will definitely serve the Imperial Court."

"It's not the Imperial Court that treats us scholars well, but the Tranquil Immortal Department. If not for the Tranquil Immortal Department collecting taxes from the Immortal Dao and providing endless financial support, how could the Imperial Court have this kind of money?

That Crown Prince of the Imperial Court is useless. Ever since he ascended the throne, he hasn't done any good governance. And that Imperial Concubine Ming, Wu Dangkong, is practically a scourge of the country. She doesn't contribute anything to the world at all. Instead, she empties the Imperial Court to enrich her Clearsky Chamber of Commerce!

If such a treacherous concubine is not eliminated, the country will never have a day of peace. "A scholar lashed out fiercely.

Wu Dangkong had already been the Imperial Court for several years. In these years, she had indeed not done any good governance, nor had she contributed anything to the Imperial Court. Instead, she had filled her own pockets.

Even though she and Gu Tanjian had done their best to guide the public opinion of the people, there was nothing they could do. Putting aside the counterattack of the Tranquil Immortal Department, it was clear whether they had contributed anything to the Imperial Court or the world. Pills, money, weapons, and armor were not things that could be produced with empty promises.

The Tranquil Immortal Department was doing things honestly, while she and Gu Tanjian were basically shouting slogans. They were reluctant to take out their own resources for the benefit of the people of the world.

The people of the world were not blind, especially now that the people had gained wisdom. Those scholars were all very shrewd. Every day, they gathered together to discuss the general situation of the world. They traveled everywhere, became adventurers in the wilderness, and slaughtered the Devils in Sin Province. How could they not see the situation clearly?

"It seems that Gu Tanjian and Wu Dangkong can be fooled for a while, but they definitely can't fool the people of the world for a lifetime."

Gu Chensha smiled in his heart. "It is true that benefits have been given to the world. In that position, one has to bear responsibility. If I still think the same way I did before, I'm afraid I won't be able to. In the face of the general situation, whether it is Gu Xuansha or Wu Dangkong, they have to change."

In this abandoned teahouse, many scholars were comparing the Tranquil Immortal Department to the Imperial Court's Wu Dangkong and Crown Prince Gu Xuansha. They had basically divided them into ranks. Wu Dangkong was the "treacherous concubine", Crown Prince Gu Xuansha was weak and incompetent, and the Tranquil Immortal Department was the cornerstone of the country. This was the effect that Gu Chensha wanted.

If this went on, Wu Dangkong would not be able to turn the situation around. His reputation would only become worse.

Of course, it was not impossible for Wu Dangkong to turn the situation around. He would take out real money and obtain benefits for the people of the world. But this was what Gu Chensha wanted. The Tranquil Immortal Department was openly scheming. Whoosh whoosh whoosh …

Just as many scholars were talking loudly, some scholars even wanted to immediately go to the new capital city outside the pass to kill the "treacherous concubine" Wu Dangkong.

However, at this moment, a group of armored soldiers instantly surrounded the teahouse. A thunderous voice came from within. "Surround this teahouse and capture the traitor." Many scholars did not know what was going on, but they all rushed out.

Even Gu Chensha walked out. He saw a team of a few hundred people barricading the teahouse. These people were wearing armor that was dark gold in color. It was filled with a murderous aura, and there were countless eyeballs peeping at them. Anyone who saw this armor would feel like they were facing the scariest monsters in the world.

"This is …" Gu Chensha recognized it. "The Divine Land Ominous Armor!

This was the armor that the Xing Qiong Clan created back then. It was given to his subordinates to wear to go against the heavens.

According to its grade, it was divided into the Divine Land Ferocious Armor, Divine Land Ten Ferocious Armor, Divine Land Hundred Ferocious Armor, Divine Land Thousand Ferocious Armor, Divine Land Ten Ferocious Armor, and Divine Land Billion Ferocious Armor.

I didn't obtain the method to refine this suit of armor from Xing Qiong's memories, I only know that such a suit of armor exists. " Divine Land's Ominous Armor.

This name had once caused the Immortal Dao to tremble in fear, the Demon Dao to tremble in fear, the Devil Dao to retreat, and the gods to hide. Xing Qiong was forging for his subordinates.

Even the lowest grade God Continent Vengeful Armor would be the same as a demon at Dao Realm Nine Transformation. As for the Divine Land Ten Villains Armor, it was equivalent to a Golden Core level demon. The Divine Land's Hundred Fiends Armor was almost equivalent to an immortal demon.

As for the Thousand Murderous Armor and the Ten Thousand Murderous Armor, they were comparable to gods and saints.

As for the Divine Continent Myriad Slaughter Armor, it was the Xing Qiong Clan's personal armor, and it was only a single set.

It was rumored that even the Xing Qiong Clan had only been able to forge a few sets of the Thousand Fiends and Ten Thousand Fiends armors back in the day, and they had suffered heavy losses in order to forge these armors. However, even the lowest level of the Divine Land's Ominous Armor was extremely powerful.

Now, each of these soldiers had a set of Divine Land's Ominous Armor. When they connected together, they were even more vicious than demons. The fiercest vengeful energy was injected into the armor.

"Who are you?" A few scholars gathered their courage and asked.

"Hehehe …" A vicious laugh spread out from the sky. The one leading was a person wearing the Divine Land Ten Villains Armor. His entire body was wrapped in the armor and he floated in mid-air. He looked coldly at the scholars below, "I am the Sin Province Commander of the newly formed Sun and Moon Division. I am in charge of monitoring the world and see who is unhappy with the Dynasty and the Goddess. If they are unhappy, then they are traitors. You scholars actually gathered here and talked about the Goddess. This is a huge crime and your entire family will be wiped out.

Capture all of you and lock them in the jail. Once the matter is investigated, all of you will be beheaded and their heads will be paraded across the provinces. Let's see who dares to say bad things about the Goddess. " "Yes!" All the soldiers hollered at the same time. Their vengeful energy caused the scholars to retreat.

"Wait!" At this moment, Qin Han stood up, "What kind of organization is the Sun and Moon Division?

They are so perverse. The current Imperial Court is open to speech and doesn't punish people based on their words. His Majesty even encourages the people to set up newspapers and monitor the words and deeds of the Imperial Court's officials and ministers. If the Imperial Court's ministers and nobles don't do well, they will criticize them. This has already been written into the laws of Dayong. What? Do you want to cover the sky with one hand? "