Chapter 156
===========

"Based on the Demon Path's Bone Demon Sect's secret technique to form this white skeleton, one must first find the corpse of a Dao Realm Transformation Three Expert and then feed it with blood and spiritual energy for 20 years. Only then can it form this puppet."

Lou Baiyue said, "This is the place where the ancient gods and gods fought. It might even be the place where the Evil God's divine kingdom was destroyed. Many things fell here and turned into a burial ground. I don't know how many years have passed, but the quality of these skeletons is definitely not ordinary." Kong! Just as the two of them were speaking, the roar of a beast spread out from the distance. A skeleton appeared.

The skeleton was silver in color and moved like the wind. Although it couldn't fly, it was so quick that it could turn into an afterimage. There were also some fine golden runes on the silver-white bones.

The skeleton flew toward Gu Chensha and slammed its claws on the King Dragon Armor, causing a deafening sound. Even Gu Chensha was a little annoyed by the impact.

"This skeleton's strength is close to that of a Dao Realm Transformation Five expert, right?"

Although Gu Chensha didn't care much about it, he was shocked. The skeleton's strength could kill many people below Dao Realm Transformation Four.

Especially the sharpness of its claws. Even copper skin and iron bones couldn't block it. It was like a celestial weapon.

"Amazing, golden runes have appeared on the skeleton's body. Once they cover its body, it will transform into a golden skeleton."

Lou Baiyue unleashed his Connate Earth Qi once again, turning it into a huge net that fell from above and trapped the skeleton.

The skeleton wanted to struggle but the God Slaying Energy seeped into its bones and gave out a sizzling sound. In the blink of an eye, it was subdued. Sou!

After the skeleton was subdued, Lou Baiyue retracted his God-Slaying True Energy. But then, a snake-like astral energy swept over, wrapping around the skeleton and snatching it away.

"Who!"

Lou Baiyue was furious. Her God Slaying Energy turned into a bow behind her back. There were two arrows. The bow was ancient and it was as if it had appeared since the beginning of the world. One of the arrows was real while the other was ethereal. It made one feel like it was the embodiment of impermanence. Bang! With a twang of the bowstring, the arrow left the string and shot towards the depths of the fog. No one could react to this sudden change.

The hair on Gu Chensha's body stood on end. It wasn't because of the ambusher who had suddenly swept away the skeleton, but because of Lou Baiyue's bow and arrows. His intuition told him that if he was hit, the King Dragon Armor wouldn't be able to withstand it.

More importantly, the speed and changes of the arrow had exceeded his reaction time, so there was no way he could dodge it.

The moment the arrow was released, a muffled groan could be heard from within the fog, as if something had been broken.

"Lou Baiyue, you're really ruthless."

A person strode out of the fog. This person was wearing dark red armor and a scarlet cloak. He wore a bronze mask on his face. There were many cracks on his armor, and at the same time, only half of the shield in his hand was left.

"So it's you, Heng Motionless."

Lou Baiyue didn't seem surprised. "Because the Heng family lost the third volume of the Eternal Heavenly Book, you went to cultivate demonic arts to make up for it. In the end, you became neither human nor ghost. Are you here to find a way to recover your body? Why did you steal my Silver Skeleton? Did you really think that you could steal it from me? "

"I didn't expect you to have cultivated the Great God Slaying Technique to such a level." Heng Motionless's tone was filled with killing intent. "You actually broke my Blood Calamity Armor and Azure Buddha Shield." "It's a pity that the armor and shield were destroyed."

Lou Baiyue didn't care. "If I'm not wrong, you're going to cultivate an extremely powerful Devil Path Celestial Artifact, the Nine Words Secret Killing Devil. You'll need skeletons. Once this devil is cultivated, you'll be able to store your Innate Gang Qi endlessly, which is equivalent to having nine doppelgangers that are similar to you.

The Heng family's ancestor combined the Nine Words Secret Killing Technique from the Eternal Heavenly Book and the Demon Path Puppet Technique. What a pity, what a pity. The Heng family was a Saint family, but after losing the third volume of the Eternal Heavenly Book, they secretly entered the demonic path. If Saint Heng knew about this, would he climb out of his grave and die from anger? " "Shut up!"

Heng Motionless's voice became sharp. "Lou Baiyue, don't think that I can't do anything to you just because you cultivated the Great God Slaying Technique."

"Your cultivation is really strong and you have reached Dao Realm Transformation Twelve. When you use it, you can control any expert below Dao Realm Transformation Nine. Unfortunately, you can't control my soul.

Although I am at Dao Realm Transformation Seven, if we fight, I can definitely kill you. No matter whether or not you believe me, that is the truth. "Lou Baiyue looked at him in disdain." How can you understand the Emperor's Great God Slaying Technique? Even if all the Saints revive, they won't be his match. " "You!"

Heng Motionless's aura calmed down. He waved his hand and tossed out the silver skeleton. "Lou Baiyue, why don't we work together?

Although your cultivation is strong, there are many things you don't understand. This place is really dangerous and I think that you didn't find it as well as the Heng Family. " "I know that your Heng Family found out about this burial ground long ago. There were even experts who came to take a piece of Evil God Flesh. "Lou Baiyue had a lot of intel.

"So, that piece of Evil God Flesh was obtained from here?"

Gu Chensha instantly felt that this place wasn't simple. Although Lou Baiyue said it so casually, he definitely had a big goal. Otherwise, Heng Motionless wouldn't have appeared here.

"Evil God Flesh."

Heng Budong's murderous intent intensified at the mention of this. He suddenly looked at Gu Chensha and laughed sinisterly. "Old Nineteen, you really have some tricks up your sleeves. Many of our Heng family's experts spent a lot of effort and finally obtained that piece of Evil God's flesh. We gave it to our eldest brother to refine his divine technique, but you just stole it away." "Heng Motionless, you need evidence to speak." Gu Chensha naturally wouldn't admit to it.

"Long Zaifei is in your residence, so you can't deny it. However, you are really powerful and I can't do anything to you.

But don't forget that there are lawless people in the world. If your residence loses anything, then don't blame me. "Heng Motionless's tone was filled with threat. Not only did he feel pity for the Evil God Flesh, but he also felt pity for Long Zaifei.

Heng Motionless was the top talent of the Heng Family and his talent was similar to Long Zaifei's. He was on the same level as Fan Ruyi and Lei Tianhui. However, all of them added together couldn't compare to Fa Wuxian.

"Bring it on."

Gu Chensha didn't care at all, "Even if Fa Wuxian comes, it is useless. As for your Heng Family, you are still a little weaker. Heng Motionless, even if you cultivate to Dao Realm 12 Transformation, you are dreaming if you want to deal with me." "Hahaha."

Heng Motionless suddenly laughed out loud, "You really are shameless. You have so little strength and you are already so arrogant. What cultivation do you have? Dao Realm Three Transformation? Nine changes away from me. I don't even need to move and I can kill you and take your soul. " "Then, why don't you try?" Gu Chensha waved his hands, "Baiyue, don't move. I will test the top genius of the Heng Family." "Okay."

Lou Baiyue looked on with interest, "But you have to be careful. Heng Motionless's cultivation is really deep and he has cultivated for decades. He is much stronger than Old Seven and Big Brother. Your armor and sword won't be able to block his Xiantian Energy. " Lou Baiyue's words were filled with confidence like Heng Motionless wasn't her match at all.

One had to say that since she cultivated the Great God Slaughtering Technique's God Slaughtering Energy, she slowly started to look like Fa Wuxian.

"In the future, this Lou Baiyue might really be able to fight against Fa Wuxian."

Gu Chensha was suspicious. "Father said that Lou Baiyue has yet to awaken. But from the looks of it, she might have awakened a little. Since Father values her so much, she should be able to cultivate the Great Massacre God Technique."

"Scram!" Heng Motionless waved his palm and in an instant, the Xiantian Energy was already in front of Gu Chensha.

It was extremely quick and the Xiantian Energy was blood red. It was like the setting sun, like a crescent moon, and it even had the ability to track itself. It was like a bone maggot and there was nowhere to hide. Bada!

The Xiantian Energy smashed onto the King Dragon Armor and caused a series of explosions. The armor was actually blasted open and a huge amount of energy came into contact with Gu Chensha's body before drilling into his meridians. If Gu Chensha had his previous cultivation, he would have fainted at that moment. But the moment the Xiantian Energy entered his body, the Dragon Transformation Tower activated.

All the meridians, muscles, organs, and even the small particles in his body showed signs of turning into a dragon.

A strong suction force and whirlpool appeared from the Dragon Transformation Tower. Gu Chensha's body turned into a black hole.

The moment the Xiantian Energy touched his body, it was totally absorbed by the Dragon Transformation Tower.

The moment it was absorbed by the Dragon Transformation Tower, the entire tower spat out Dragon Energy which circled around Gu Chensha's body. It even fed into the King Dragon Armor.

The King Dragon Armor, which was blown apart, received the Dragon Energy. Not only did it recover, but it also became even more profound.

"What a strong attack."

Gu Chensha sensed Heng Motionless's contribution. The blood blade's destructive strength was shocking and it was much stronger than Lei Tianhui's lightning tribulation.

"Heng Budong, that strike you used was the Eternal Blade Light along with the Baleful Blood Demon Blade. Even a Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body would be killed in one strike. But you weren't able to do anything to Gu Chensha. Now, you don't think that he is arrogant, right? "

Lou Baiyue let out a laugh, but she was secretly surprised. With her sharp eyes, she could naturally tell how clever Heng Budong's attack was.

"You really do have some skill." Heng Motionless was shocked.

A look of disdain appeared on his face, "You used some treasure to heal your injuries. Since you dare to provoke me, then let's see how many treasures you can use." He waved his hands. Shua shua! Two blood blade lights struck Gu Chensha's body.

Gu Chensha couldn't even see the trajectory of the blade light. The speed of the Xiantian Energy wasn't something that he could dodge. Just one sentence meant that he had no way to fight back in front of Heng Motionless. His cultivation was just too high. Honglong!

Two streaks of Innate Upstanding Qi transformed into blood blade radiance and bombarded his body again, tearing apart his King's Dragon Armor. However, in the next moment, the blood blade radiance disappeared into his body, and a powerful force returned to his body. The King's Dragon Armor was instantly repaired. Gu Chensha's body was completely filled with Dragon Qi, and his blood flowed faster. His aptitude increased, and his mind became incomparably intelligent.

This was the same as Heng Motionless using all his strength. He injected his Xiantian Energy into the Dragon Transformation Tower and turned it into Dragon Energy to nourish his body and raise his cultivation.