Chapter 813
===========

Unexpectedly, all of the old-timers present agreed not to recruit The Great Spirit God, but to kill and refine him instead.

"…"

From this, it could be seen that The Great Spirit God had plotted against many of his companions over the years to gain his cultivation base. However, because of his reputation, none of the heavyweights trusted him or cooperated with him, which led to him making enemies on all sides. The Celestial Pacification Department wanted to kill him, and so did the alliance of Wan Senshi and the other three celestials.

No one was willing to have such a sinister, vicious, and cunning person take advantage of them while they were in a life-and-death situation.

"Right now, there are three factions: the Celestial Pacification Department, the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha, and us.

Each of us has some clues about the Emperor Of Heaven. We have the Endless Heart and the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman. The Celestial Pacification Department has a large number of Endless Treasures. As for Gu Tiansha, he's the Sun-Moon Lord and the Emperor Of Heaven's most important advisor.

Of course, the Sun-Moon Lord has mutated and is no longer the future Sun-Moon Lord. In the future, Gu Tiansha doesn't actually exist. "

Patriarch Heaven and Earth was the most mysterious and unfathomable among the group of old-timers, and the aura he exuded made them feel a little apprehensive. "In addition, Gu Tiansha has also roped in the future Skyblaze King Xiao Yan. That way, he'll have a huge advantage when it comes to finding the Emperor Of Heaven.

Our top priority is to use the Endless Heart to gather the other Endless Treasures and find the other heavenly kings. " "What should we do about the other heavenly kings?

If they're all like Skyblaze King Xiao Yan, he's no weaker than us. Even if we absorb them into our alliance, I'm afraid it won't be easy. "Celestial Victorious Doer pondered Patriarch Heaven's suggestion.

"We've formed an alliance of nine people, and that's the highest stratagem. Don't absorb anyone else.

Even if the Prehistoric Old Man were to enter, he would not have the right to control the Heart of Infinity. If he is unwilling, then he will be killed just like The Great Spirit God! "

Patriarch Heaven and Earth sounded a bit murderous. "As for the Nine Heavenly Kings, that's easy. There are nine of us, and we can each find one of them, kill them, and steal their destiny and cultivation bases. That way, we'll all have the destiny of the Nine Heavenly Kings, and we'll be second only to the Emperor Of Heaven, but we'll be able to enjoy boundless benefits. Not only will we be millions upon millions of times more powerful than we are now, but if the nine of us work together, we might even be able to kidnap the Emperor Of Heaven.

"Exactly."

Wu Dang Kong clapped his hands and said, "The Celestial Monarch is nothing. If we can find the person who carries the fate of the Celestial Monarch and refine him, wouldn't the Houtian Dao be controlled by the nine of us?"

Hearing what Wu Dangkong said, the old-timers cursed him for being an idiot. "The Emperor Of Heaven's destiny isn't that easy to refine. Refining the Nine Heavenly Kings is already the limit. If we refine the Emperor Of Heaven, we'll be going against the Heavenly Dao and walking down the same path of no return as Gu Taxian.

It's like a dynasty. If you, as a subject, defeat another subject and obtain an official position, that's an internal struggle. But if you touch the Emperor, you'll be rebelling, and the heavens won't tolerate it.

After all, this woman is still young and doesn't know the big picture. She'll die sooner or later, so we don't need to remind her. Just wait for her to die. Then, the decree will fall into my hands. " This alliance of nine people was very scheming against each other.

The Dharma Saint just sneered inwardly at the old-timers' expressions, a trace of unfathomable mystery in the depths of his eyes.

He had the faint aura of the Heavenly Longevity Realm. In other words, in the process of condensing the Endless Heart, the Dharma Saint had obtained great benefits. He was already touching the edge of the Heavenly Longevity Realm. As long as he had the chance, he would be able to break through and reach the Heavenly Longevity Realm.

"Martial Saint, back in the ancient era, you and I established a clan together. Among the many Sages, you were number one in martial prowess, and I was number one in management. In the end, we were evenly matched, and I didn't surpass you in the end. Our ideals are actually diametrically opposed. This is what it means to violate the law, to be hated by the law. "

The Dharma Saint said in his heart, "Now that we've both come back to life and become Heavenly Venerables, I want to know whether your choice is correct or mine.

You chose to be with the Celestial Tranquility Bureau to reverse the Heavenly Dao, which is in line with your style of martial prowess. As for me, I chose to educate the Emperor Of Heaven and become the Emperor Of Heaven's teacher, making the Emperor Of Heaven obey my laws. This is the true Great Dao.

You only know how to destroy and not build. In the end, you're just a brute, a mere bandit. No matter what, there must be laws in the world, and with laws, there must be me. I am the laws, and the laws are me. One day, I and the laws will become inseparable. "

The Dharma Saint's ambition was not to become the Emperor Of Heaven, but to become the Emperor Of Heaven's teacher, to teach the Emperor Of Heaven how to manage the world.

He had been the teacher of the Son of Heaven. Many ancient Sons of Heaven had asked the Dharma Saint about the way to manage the country, but he was not satisfied now. The Son of Heaven was nothing. The Emperor Of Heaven was the true limitless supreme ruler.

As for teaching the Emperor Of Heaven how to manage the world, that would be a great honor and merit. Not to mention surpassing everything, there was no need to anger the Heavenly Dao. In fact, he would even be assisting the Heavenly Dao. This was the safest method.

Of course, this method was also upright, upright, and pure. It could be said to be an unbreakable righteous path. Therefore, the Dharma Saint was very confident in this.

"Next, let's take action. However, if we act alone, we'll easily fall into Gu Chensha's hands. Right now, Gu Chensha is more powerful than any of us."

Wan Senshi said, "He was able to enter the Chaotic Dragon Sect and force the Great Spirit God and the Chaotic Dragon Sect away. Then, he defeated the Great Inferno Heavenly King Xiao Yan and took away the seven Infinite Treasures, which he integrated into his Divine Land Gourd. He's so terrifying. We can only fight him if we work together." "That's true."

The Victorious Heavenly Lord frowned. "My daughter, Dou Yiyu, is also in his hands. Even the Immortal Killing God-killing Gourd is lost.

Because I was refining the Unbounded Heart and comprehending the future of Heaven's Will, I sensed the news of the Emperor Of Heaven's Chosen One. I didn't manage to save her in time. "

"The Immortal Killing God-killing Gourd is a treasure with a great destiny. It's also an important treasure for the Emperor Of Heaven to be born in the future. Now that it's in Gu Chensha's hands, won't the world belong to Gu Chensha?" Patriarch Heaven and Earth was a little worried.

"His destiny is very strong now. There's nothing we can do about it. Once Gu Taxian is at a disadvantage in the battle against the Heavenly Way, his destiny will plummet. It can be said that he'll fall to his death even if he walks."

The Primordial Heavenly Lord said coldly, "But the Heavenly Way and Gu Taxian are in a stalemate. The most important thing is the Emperor Of Heaven. If the Emperor Of Heaven rises and leads the heroes to establish order, the Heavenly Way's power will increase greatly. It will completely suppress Gu Taxian and even devour him."

"I just don't know where the Emperor Of Heaven is now. I think that Gu Chensha is also looking for him. We have to closely monitor the Celestial Tranquility Department. It's a pity that it's watertight.

We can't plant anyone inside at all. All the disciples of the Celestial Tranquility Department, including their past and future, are recorded in the Little Hong Meng Tree. It's impossible for any spies to appear. "

Wu Dang Kong furrowed his brows. "I've tried to plant people into the Calming Immortal Department multiple times, but I've never succeeded once. Some of them were brainwashed after they were planted, and they became the most loyal members of the Calming Immortal Department. We have to think of a way to enter the Celestial Tranquility Department and obtain their secrets. "

"Don't even think about it. Since ancient times, there hasn't been any organization more secretive than the Celestial Tranquility Department. There's no way to infiltrate them. Especially now, the Celestial Tranquility Department is spreading the Human Dragon Fist. Gu Chensha and the others have added their own Daos into it. Anyone who cultivates the Human Dragon Fist will automatically believe in their Daos. The deeper they cultivate, the more profound their Daos will be. It's almost unchangeable. More importantly, Gu Chensha's Heaven Mending Dao, the Heaven Reforming Dao, is also one of the truths.

Gu Chensha is the most powerful opponent since ancient times. In the future, he won't be any weaker than the Celestial Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian. If we underestimate him, we might die without a burial in the future. "Heavenly Lord Pu Tuo had already regarded Gu Chensha as the second Gu Taxian.

"Gu Taxian."

A deep hatred flashed in the depths of Xuan Xin's heart. Every time he heard this name, he couldn't help but feel incomparably angry. He wanted nothing more than to tear everyone from the Gu Clan into pieces and refine their souls into treasures so that they would be eternally tormented by flames, never to rise again. "In the past, Gu Taxian killed me and even snatched away the woman I loved the most. Even now, that woman is still a concubine in the imperial court. I must take revenge on him no matter what. If I don't resolve this karma, I'm afraid I'll never be able to enter the supreme realm and become a Heavenly Lord!

First, I must obtain this Wu Dangkong, then all the women Gu Taxian has left behind as my subordinates. I'll conquer them one by one, and finally, kill them! Only then can I resolve the hatred in my heart! " Xuan Xin roared in his heart.

At the same time, in the Wildlands, in the new imperial palace, a group of concubines were gathered together to discuss an important matter.

With the disappearance of the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign, Gu Taxian, the ones who felt the most awkward were the concubines and the Empress.

These concubines were from various clans and sects, and there were also some who were born as commoners. But in truth, they were all hiding their strength. Logically speaking, the Immortal Sovereign was also one of the concubines of the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign. It was just that the Immortal Sovereign's strength was simply too tyrannical.

"Empress Law, it's not a good idea for us to stay in the palace for too long and wait for changes to take place."

Many concubines and the Empress gathered together, with the Empress Law as the center, discussing fervently. Concubine Lei spoke first, "His Majesty's disappearance was rumored to be an earth-shattering event. But with the current situation, it's very likely that we'll be swept away by the repercussions and annihilated. Compared to the other major powers, we don't even have the ability to protect ourselves. What should we do now?" Please follow the official WeChat account to download and install. appxsyd (Press and hold for three seconds to copy)