Chapter 788
===========

"The Great Spirit God, as long as I can confirm that your true body is in the Primordial Dragon Gate, I can find you." "…"

Gu Chensha used the Divine Land Gourd to absorb the Dragon Qi in the Primordial Dragon Gate while calculating the movements of The Great Spirit God. Even though he had not locked onto The Great Spirit God's true body, he had gained a lot.

Using the Primordial Dragon Gate to refine the Divine Land Gourd, the growth of the Divine Land Gourd was astonishing. All sorts of Dragon Qi were constantly injected into it. According to Gu Chensha's will, the Divine Land created the Divine Land. In the Divine Land, many Ancient Innate Gods were born.

Gu Chensha created a true Divine Land in the Divine Land Gourd. This was his ideal Divine Land, it could also be called the perfect Divine Land.

"I already have the Dragon Nurturing Qi and Dragon Creation Qi in the depths of the Primordial Dragon Gate. Sadly, there is no Dragon Qi there, nor is there the proper Holy Dragon Mantra.

This is something I must get. If the Holy Dragon Mantra is perfected, I can do something against the heavens and turn all my subordinates into Saints. I want to see how much sin will be added to me. "

Gu Chensha was multitasking. As he roamed the Primordial Dragon Gate, he also paid attention to the Holy Dragon Qi and the Holy Dragon Mantra.

After an unknown period of time, his Divine Land Gourd shrunk again. It was now the size of a thumb. The smaller it was, the more condensed its power and the more mysterious it became. Somehow, Gu Chensha had grasped the Primordial Dragon Gate's network.

There was indeed a problem with the Dragon Gate. It was drawn in by sin and was about to fall. However, The Great Spirit God played a key role. He infiltrated the depths of the Primordial Dragon Gate and used a secret method to draw in the sin and corrupt the Primordial Dragon Gate. He did not reach an agreement with the Primordial Dragon Gate. Instead, he plotted against them. He and the Primordial Old Man tried to split the divine weapon and take it for themselves.

"The Desolate Dragon Sect's situation is much worse than the Hongmeng Tree and the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman."

Gu Chensha suddenly stopped, as if he had occupied a key point in the depths of the Prehistoric Dragon Gate: "Since that is the case, I will use my power to heal the Prehistoric Dragon Gate, dispel the sin and evil Qi. After this round, I roughly know how to make the Prehistoric Dragon Gate slightly recover its consciousness. As long as the Prehistoric Dragon Gate slightly recovers, Prehistoric Old Man and The Great Spirit God will not be able to hide." He sat cross-legged in the air and raised the Divine Land Gourd. Then he began to recite the scriptures.

This scripture was the "Great Common People's Salvation Scripture" that he had created himself. This scripture contained the profoundness of seizing the fortune of heaven and earth. It could already transform the nature of all living things into human nature.

Originally, Gu Chensha had only achieved a small success in this scripture. However, after he was pulled into the dream world by the will of the Heaven Realm, he subdued the Demonic Ape God of Chaos and obtained the way of human nature transformation from him. This way, the "Great People's Salvation Scripture" would be perfected.

Now, he wanted to create lives in the Primeval Desolate Dragon Gate, to offer sacrifices to the Dragon Gate, to expel the sins, and to cleanse the roots.

"Divine Land, appear!"

The True Divine Land shot out from the Divine Land Gourd. It immediately stabilized the violent Dragon Qi in the depths of the Primeval Desolate Dragon Gate. Then, Gu Chensha's scripture spread out.

Wherever the scripture reached, the Dragon Qi there would truly stabilize. Then, it would turn into pieces of land. With the Divine Land as the center, it actually evolved into the Four Wildernesses.

The Eastern Wildernesses, the Savage Wildernesses, the Desert Wildernesses, and the Ocean Wildernesses.

In these Four Wildernesses, living beings were born one after another. As soon as these living beings were born, they would offer sacrifices, cultivate, and develop intelligence.

Then, these living beings began to offer sacrifices to the Primeval Desolate Dragon Gate. When they did so, their minds were pure, without any distracting thoughts or selfishness. They were of one heart and one mind.

Gu Chensha used the violent Dragon Qi in the depths of the Primeval Desolate Dragon Gate to ascend and create the people who mended the heavens.

They were originally puppets, and the sacrifices could not produce power. However, Gu Chensha had completely comprehended the way to cut off fate, the way to become human, and the way to activate the Heavenly Dao. These people who mended the heavens were no longer puppets, but real people. No one could do what Gu Chensha had done. He had directly created the people of the Divine Land.

At first, it was a small continent with thousands of Heaven Mending Dwellers. Next, as the Heaven Mending Dwellers offered sacrifices, the Dragon Qi in the surroundings became peaceful. Then, the Dragon Qi fused with the continent, giving birth to even more Heaven Mending Dwellers.

Two hours later, the number of people mending the heavens had reached tens of thousands. The power of the sacrifices became stronger and stronger, and the speed at which the Dragon Qi calmed down became faster and faster. This was like a feudal lord trying to pacify the world in a chaotic world. At the beginning, it took a lot of effort, but the momentum was already set. It was like a rolling snowball, sweeping everything.

After four hours, the number of people mending the heavens had reached hundreds of thousands. After 20 hours, it had reached millions.

After three days, there were already hundreds of millions of people mending the heavens living in the land. They cultivated and offered sacrifices. They gathered a huge amount of pure sacrificial power, and it crazily seeped into the depths. More and more violent Dragon Qi stabilized, forming a large land.

It was best for any world to have living beings offering sacrifices. Only then would the world circulate perfectly. Otherwise, it would gradually decline.

There were none in the depths of the Primordial Dragon Gate, so Gu Chensha set up new sacrifices. It was like a brilliant doctor treating a patient's illness.

Under Gu Chensha's lead, the hundreds of millions of people mending the heavens worshipped, cultivated, and multiplied. The expansion power greatly increased.

Ten days later, there were more than 10 billion people mending the heavens. They were densely packed, forming a flood. Gu Chensha led them to worship and cultivate day and night, chanting scriptures.

With this as the center, the Primordial Dragon Gate became clear. This clear energy started to spread out, causing life and pure land to appear in the depths of the Primordial Dragon Gate.

"Primordial pure land, people mending the heavens. In the future, when the Heavenly Dao collapses, I can even mend the heavens. This Primordial Dragon Gate will be even easier. In the future, mend the heavens. Now, let's practice in the Primordial Dragon Gate." Gu Chensha roared. His will spread in all directions, causing the wind and clouds to surge.

The depths of the Primordial Dragon Gate were opened up by Gu Chensha as a pure land. It expanded at an unstoppable rate. A month later, there were close to a trillion people mending the heavens. Such a huge number was something that even the current Gu Chensha found hard to control.

However, he didn't manage it himself. Instead, he promoted Heaven Mending Official, Heaven Mending General, Heaven Mending General, Heaven Mending General, Heaven Mending Marquis, and Heaven Mending King. This was to emulate the Common People Marquis and Common People Marquis. Of course, this was temporary. Finally, in the depths of the Primordial Dragon Gate, a certain will was awakened. Gu Chensha was still in the depths of the Primordial Dragon Gate, causing it to recover a little.

A trillion people mending the heavens, the worship power that they produced was vast and endless. As it continued to expand, the land was formed, allowing the depths of the Primordial Dragon Gate to have true mountains and rivers.

Originally, the Primordial Dragon Gate was filled with illnesses. But when Gu Chensha came, he helped to heal a portion of it. As long as this continued, he would be able to recover. Sou!

Just at that moment, Gu Chensha sensed that the will of the Primordial Dragon Gate had awakened a little. It was like a patient who had been in a coma for a long time waking up.

But at that moment, demonic energy surged in the distance. Countless demons appeared and attacked the land that Gu Chensha had created. They killed the people mending the heavens and destroyed the sacrifices.

A giant demonic palm appeared out of nowhere and ripped apart the country. In an instant, a large area of the land was turned to dust. A hundred billion people mending the heavens were turned to dust just like that.

"The Great Spirit God, you finally can't sit still anymore." Gu Chensha flew up and turned into a giant golden palm to block the demonic palm. Then, the demonic palm changed and turned into a person.

This person was a young man. His face was like jade and his body was tall and well-proportioned. He seemed to be the most perfect and flawless person in the world. His long hair fell over his shoulders and he wore an embroidered robe. He had the aura of a scholar, a War God, a Sword Hero, and also the aura of a Demon God … All the auras were gathered on his body. He could turn into any existence with any temperament. This was The Great Spirit God. The main body of The Great Spirit God. He finally appeared in front of Gu Chensha.

"The Great Spirit God, is this your main body?"

The The Great Spirit God in front of Gu Chensha said, "This seems to be the first time you have appeared in front of me in your main body. Can't sit still anymore?

If I expel you and leave the Primordial Dragon Gate, you will really be a stray dog. I can capture you at any time. "

"Gu Chensha, I have indeed underestimated you. If I had known, I would have used all my tricks and methods to kill you before you grew up."

The The Great Spirit God opened his eyes wide and killing intent appeared in his eyes. "The Primordial Dragon Gate is mine. You actually want to take it. How can I let you?" "You want to kill me before I grow up?"

Gu Chensha's killing intent also appeared when he faced his enemy. "You have probably forgotten why the Emperor left you alive. It was to make you a training tool for me to practice." "That idiot Gu Taxian?"

The The Great Spirit God laughed. "He was stupid. He challenged the Heavenly Dao in an attempt to complete a feat. In the end, he fell into a quagmire and could no longer control the situation. If I were him, I would have destroyed the Heavenly Dao long ago and created a brand new future. It can be seen how stupid he is. Do you really think he let me go?

In reality, he can't kill me. I am the one who understands him the most in the world. I know his fatal weakness. So, I killed your mother and he can't do anything to me. You barged into the Primordial Dragon Gate today and only death awaits you.

I originally wanted to raise you and let you and Gu Chensha fight until both of you are injured. Then, I will make a move. Now, I have to change my plans. "