Chapter 1079
============

() () Chapter 1074: A Vicious Infighting

Although they were working together to unite the four realms, they were constantly scheming and plotting against each other, and all of them wanted to devour each other and take the position of Lord of the Four Realms. In the most critical moment, Meholi and Fa Wuxian joined forces to attack Zhao Jiangshan.

Fa Wuxian was still a dead man, but his sealing mark was still wreaking havoc. If he wanted to be resurrected, he would have to sacrifice a powerful entity to replace him in death. That way, his sealing mark would be nourished, and he would be able to rise to the Consummate Deathless level.

But Zhao Jiangshan was not an idiot. He had long been prepared for this. Therefore, he had been plotting in secret, waiting for Meholi and Fa Wuxian to make their move so that he could strike first. Whizz.

Power surged out of Zhao Jiangshan's body, forming an inescapable net that swept upwards. It actually wrapped around the gourd, trying to capture it.

"In recent days, I've refined the Essence of the four realms, which I call the Grand Void Heaven-Toppling Fusion Vital Refinement Art. I can use the power of the void to overturn the heavens and topple the earth, and refine the myriad worlds into Essence. This is my true daoist magic. Thousands of kilometers of rivers and mountains, and the sun and moon rise from the east. "

The net transformed into countless mountains and rivers, and the sun and moon surged. Dazzling civilizations could be seen everywhere, and in that moment, Zhao Jiangshan actually looked a bit like Gu Chensha back in the day.

Back when Gu Chensha had used the Dragonless Mental Magic, billions of civilizations had been born, and then destroyed. After the destruction, new civilizations had been born. Right now, Zhao Jiangshan seemed to have comprehended this principle as well.

"Not good," Fa Wuxian said. "He's drawing on the power of the multiverse, and the will of hatred is still there." Shocked, he could sense that the bottle gourd was no longer under his control.

"Hahaha, Fa Wuxian, the person I'm guarding against is you. Have you forgotten how you died back then? You died under the siege of the wills of the myriad realms. It was because of your perverse actions that you went around devouring the universes, which incurred the wrath of the universe. In the end, they killed you. And now, after so many years, I've actually created many universes and merged them into one entity with the will of the multiverse. It's all because Gu Chensha turned me into a bull, opened up the void, and gave birth to worlds. Now, I've once again used you as a target of hatred to incite the hatred of the myriad realms, causing them to once again return to the terror that ruled over you.

That way, the myriad worlds will be afraid of you coming back to life, and will naturally send their power to me. Your bottle gourd is powerful, but compared to the myriad worlds and the multiverse, you still can't beat it. If you come back to life, you'll be at the Invincible Deathless level, and the will of the multiverse won't be able to do anything to you. Unfortunately, you're just a dead man, and a brand. You can't draw on the power of the Invincible Deathless. In other words, the power of the bottle gourd isn't even a tenth of its full power. Then, why should I be afraid of you? I've been waiting for you to come back to life. " Zhao Jiangshan laughed out loud.

His method against Fa Wuxian was ingenious. He used the hatred of the multiverse to deal a fatal blow to Fa Wuxian.

Fa Wuxian had done too many evil things, and had devoured countless universes in the past, causing the will of the universe to hate him to the bone. How could they let him come back to life? This was something that Zhao Jiangshan had planned for a long time ago. (If this chapter is not finished, please continue to the next page) Baidu search keywords: Book Palm PP, or directly visit the official website & # ▲