Chapter 1060
============

Eternal Enslavement

The army of Arcana Masters had already reached a certain level of teamwork. When one army unleashed an offensive Arcana Technique, many other armies would unleash supportive Arcana Techniques, increasing the power of the offensive Arcana Techniques to the highest level. That was an arcane combination.

Now there were hundreds of thousands of arcanists stationed there, and they were dedicated to dealing with the devils, insects, and all kinds of invaders that came out of the space and time tunnel.

After the Thunder Spear destroyed a large number of insects, the arcanists who leaned back used the arcane spell of the tornado to collect the corpses of the insects and put them into crystal jars.

The corpses of the insects were the best materials for making arcane items, and the genes of the insects had been analyzed by arcane spells. They could transform the human body, make the arcanists' bodies stronger, have a longer lifespan, and be tougher in all aspects.

The meaning of arcane spells was to constantly study the science and laws of the universe to strengthen the thickness of one's own civilization.

Over the years, under the intentional or unintentional leadership of Gu Chensha, the thickness of the civilization of the Arcane Kingdom had increased thousands of times, and the foundation was incredibly powerful.

Of course, the Heavenly Axiom of the Arcane Kingdom, that was, the Arcane Network itself, also had strange ideas. It hoped to break away from the control of Gu Chensha and be independent. That was understandable, but it was a pity that all these actions were still in the hands of Gu Chensha.

Meholi, Teddy Lin Yu, Long Xiangtian, Gu Huasha, Mr. Wu Wu, and others were all under his control, and they didn't escape for a moment.

He also knew that the Arcane Network needed freedom, but freedom must also be in line with the rules of the new world. If the Arcane Network was unwilling, then it had to be completely transformed. Gu Chensha had come all the way here, and he would never be soft-hearted.

His cultivation had reached the realm of invincibility, and his mind had reached the realm of being indestructible by anything. That was why he had been standing at the peak of the multiverse, leading the trend of the times. The battle here was still going on, and the attacks of the insects seemed to be endless.

The insectoid race had one ability, and that was to constantly plunder the energy of planets, cosmos, and the void, injecting them into their battleships. From there, they used genetic technology to create all sorts of armies. There would never be a time when they would be exhausted. Therefore, many people in the cosmos would be helpless when encountering the insectoid race.

From a certain point of view, the Insect race was also a devouring race. It was very similar to Fa Wuxian's devouring path. However, Fa Wuxian's devouring path devoured everything and attempted to turn it into immortal energy. But after devouring, the Insect race turned it into countless living beings. In a way, the Zergs' Dao of Devouring represented the Old World's worldview.

In order for humans to survive, they had to devour plants, animals, spiritual energy, and treasures, thus giving birth to all kinds of humans.

In order for the Insect Race to survive, they had to devour everything and turn into different kinds of Insect Race. In Gu Chensha's opinion, there was no difference between the two. Rumble!

The Arcanist army shot out lightning spears, killing a large number of Zergs. However, dragons began to appear among the Zergs!

These dragons were covered with hard shells and indestructible scales. Even if the lightning spears hit them, they would only produce some sparks. These dragons didn't suffer any damage at all.

They were the high-level soldiers of the Insect race, called the Ankylosaurus. They could activate the power of space and spit out flames, ice, poisonous fog, and other kinds of attacks. The power of each Ankylosaurus was equivalent to that of a God-level master.

These Ankylosaurus were equivalent to extremely high-level members of the Insect race. Their appearance suddenly reversed the situation.

Thousands of Ankylosaurus formed a large formation. In the large formation, flames, ice, poisonous fog, and so on began to spread. Immediately, the Arcanist army began to collapse. A large number of low-level arcanists began to die. The neat formation of the Arcanist army was broken up and there were no more teams. Suddenly, there was a melee.

Countless Insect Race rushed out of the space-time tunnel and began to spread all over the ground. They began to create chaos in the Arcane Kingdom. Countless arcanists began to fight bloody battles and destroy every invading Insect Race.

"All the Arcanist army, retreat, gather, form a large formation, don't collapse." At that moment, some of the heroes among the arcanists stood up.

"The turbulent sea shows the true nature of a hero."

In the attack of the Insect race, it would become more and more intense. But in this cruel battle, countless heroes would be born, and they might even be the Son of the Heavenly Way. The Son of the Heavenly Way was Teddy Lin Yu.

But it wasn't unchangeable. The Way of Heaven wasn't constant, but it flowed like water. Now it was on Teddy Lin Yu, it might fall on someone else. Of course, the premise was that Teddy Lin Yu was courting death.

Now it seemed that the possibility of Teddy Lin Yu courting death was very high, because he was together with Meholi. Meholi was also a giant who could pose a threat to the Arcane Network. If he was allowed to devour the Son of the Heavenly Way, he would also devour the Arcane Network.

The Arcane Network chose Teddy Lin Yu to go against him, but if Teddy Lin Yu posed a threat to the Arcane Network, he would immediately be abandoned.

Gu Chensha could secretly guide the Arcane Network to choose another Son of the Heavenly Way, a Son of the Heavenly Way who was in line with his own ideas. Of course, he had to deceive and deceive everyone. At this time, a young arcanist entered Gu Chensha's sight.

This young Arcana Master had black hair and yellow skin. He wore an Arcana Technique robe, and there were hundreds of stars on it, close to a thousand. If you counted them in, then he was someone between the 30th and 36th transformations of the Dao Realm. He was a god or a Saint. At this time, he stood out in the arcana army.

Originally, the arcana army consisted of low-level arcanists, and this young man had appeared to only have a few dozen stars. But now that the army had collapsed, he could no longer hide his strength.

"Arcana Technique! Mind Enslavement! Never Changing! " At this time, he actually activated a brand-new arcana technique.

A powerful wave of consciousness rippled outwards. These waves of consciousness linked together to form an extremely profound Arcana Technique. This Arcana Technique had never appeared before. It was the Eternal Consciousness Enslavement Technique. Any living creature that was affected by this Eternal Consciousness Enslavement Technique would unconditionally become a slave.

There was originally a Mind Enslavement Technique among the arcana techniques, but it would take time and it consumed a lot of effort. As such, the number of slaves was limited.

For example, in the past, Gu Chensha used the Heart Stealing Talisman to enslave a barbarian race expert who was at the seventh transformation and became Yi Ming. However, this enslavement wasn't very reliable and it could betray at any moment.

But now, the Eternal Mind Enslavement Technique basically wouldn't betray and it didn't consume one's own mind and blood. What was even more amazing was that the more living beings one enslaved, the stronger one would become. That was because the wisdom, success, and cultivation experiences of the enslaved living beings would all be injected into the master of the enslavement.

"Interesting, very interesting. This youth has actually managed to create an Eternal Spirit Enslavement Arcana Technique. This Arcana Technique is incredibly profound and contains many of the secrets of a person's consciousness. When combined, it can produce unimaginable results."

When the young arcanist activated the Eternal Mind Enslavement Technique, his providence increased greatly. Even the Heaven Path's providence was focused on him.

That was because the appearance of the Eternal Mind Enslavement Technique could raise the Arcane Kingdom by many levels. It was an epoch-making invention and creation.

One by one, the Evil Ankylodons were enslaved by the young arcanist. They wandered around and surrounded the young arcanist. The power of the young arcanist was getting stronger and stronger. Above his head, an arcane cube appeared. That cube was the arcane module of the Eternal Mind Enslavement Technique. It was composed of countless arcane runes that operated on each other. It absorbed the wisdom and power of many Evil Ankylodons and formed something similar to a system. Buzz …

The network of the Arcane Kingdom shook, and a mysterious force was injected into the young arcanist. That was the blessing of the Heaven Path. It was also the investment of the Heaven Path.

The network of the Arcane Kingdom was the Heaven Path. At that moment, the network found an extremely valuable young man. This young man was better than Teddy Lin Yu, so the identity of the Son of the Heaven Path was also assigned to this young man.

It was like the emperor found that many of his sons were excellent, so he wanted to choose the best one to inherit the throne.

Originally, in the Arcane World, there was only one Son of the Heaven Path, Teddy Lin Yu, but now there was a change. Even Gu Chensha didn't expect that.

"What's going on?"

At that moment, Meholi, who was conspiring with Teddy Lin Yu, suddenly discovered something. That was, Teddy Lin Yu's fate energy had suddenly decreased significantly, and more than half of it had been divided.

"Even if there's a new Son of the Heaven Path, it's impossible to divide so much fate energy. Let me see what's going on."

Meholi was taken aback, he immediately operated the gourd in his body, and suddenly saw the scene on the battlefield.

"Amazing, this is the Eternal Mind Enslavement."

Even after Meholi saw all this, he couldn't stop praising, "No wonder, no wonder, this Eternal Mind Enslavement is epoch-making for the development of Arcane Art.

No wonder the attention of the Arcane Network is focused on this young arcanist. In contrast, Teddy Lin Yu's contribution to the Arcane Network is far inferior. " This young arcanist could no longer be described as a genius or a saint. His invention of Arcane Art was tantamount to ushering the Arcane Kingdom into a new era.

The Arcane Network began to abandon Teddy Lin Yu and gathered on this young arcanist. It was natural.