Chapter 784
===========

By now, Gu Chensha had a deeper understanding of The Great Spirit God's methods. The curse this time was a weakness of The Great Spirit God.

The Great Spirit God's curse this time was nothing short of ferocious. If it had succeeded, it would have been able to destroy the Calmness Immortal Bureau in one fell swoop. At the very least, aside from Gu Chensha, no one could resist this curse. Even if it was Gu Chensha, in the eyes of the other old-timers, he would still suffer a great deal of damage to his vitality.

But who could have guessed that Gu Chensha's cultivation base had reached the point where the sins of the heavenly dao were no longer sins, but rather merit?

You could say that the curse The Great Spirit God had extracted from the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate was not a powerful curse to Gu Chensha. Instead, it was a great nourishment and merit. In other words, the blessing of this sin on Gu Chensha would allow Gu Chensha to better understand the Dao of Heaven Mending and the Dao of Heaven Reformation.

Gu Chensha now stored the curse and sin in his body, slowly transforming them. As he tempered himself, he felt that his magic power had become much purer. The curse could not cause any harm to his cultivation at all. Instead, it would increase his lethality, cultivation level, and lethality. This was like giving him a great tonic. Another's sin is my merit.

Therefore, after tasting the benefits, he decided to immediately go and search for the Mighty Miracle God and Raging Desolate Dragon Gate. He wanted to devour all the sins within. That way, all the sins of Raging Desolate Dragon Gate would belong to him, which would give him hope of breaking through to the Saint Realm without the help of the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha.

Not only that, but he could also help the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate eliminate its sin, and establish a good relationship with them. He could get them to abandon The Great Spirit God and strip The Great Spirit God of everything he relied on.

The Great Spirit God definitely had a close relationship with the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, which was why he could be so arrogant. However, no one could find the exact location of the Untainted Desolate Dragon Sect.

Actually, the three great treasures, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, the Desolate Dragon Gate, and the Primordial Chaos Tree, were all very difficult to find. The Heaven Sacrificial Talisman chose its own master, while the Desolate Dragon Gate had been hidden in another space-time dimension since the Primordial Era. No one could find it.

The Primordial Meng Tree was even more miraculous. It basically wouldn't allow any existences to approach it. Many ancient sages had approached it to pluck a fruit, but all of them were severely injured and almost died.

Even with Gu Chensha's current cultivation, it would be difficult for him to find the Great Desolate Dragon Gate. This was because the Dragon Gate had a spirit. At this level, it was very easy for him to hide. It was unknown how the three Heavenly Venerables managed to enter the Hong Meng Tree.

However, after devouring the sins of the Primordial Dragon Sect, he had already grasped the clues of the Primordial Dragon Sect through this fate and could find the existence of this god artifact.

However, this trip was a little dangerous. The Great Desolate Dragon Gate contained many secrets, and there was even an existence stronger than the Immortal Master and Wan Senshi. That was the master of the North Star Continent.

After refining the North Star Continent, Gu Chensha already knew that there was an extremely terrifying master behind it. That was some mighty existence that had been born in the depths of the Desolate Dragon Gate. This existence had once subdued the North Star Continent and made it submit.

This level of old antique hadn't appeared yet, but once it did, it would truly shake heaven and earth.

In the past, no old antique could cultivate to the Sky Origin Realm. The highest realm was the Celestial Life Realm.

But now it was different. The restrictions of the Heavenly Dao had disappeared, giving the Celestial Life Realm antiques hope to advance to the Sky Origin Realm.

For example, Wan Senshi, the Immortal Master, and the others were all doing their best to research and explore, hoping to make some kind of breakthrough and finally reach the Sky Origin Realm. Perhaps there really was an old antique in this world who could reach the Sky Origin Realm. Gu Chensha definitely wouldn't let his guard down.

He also needed to quickly raise his cultivation base. First, he wanted to become a Sage, then a Celestial Sovereign.

If he could subdue the Desolate Dragon Gate, he felt that reaching the Celestial Sovereign level wouldn't be a problem. Furthermore, his research on the Desolate Dragon Gate was very deep. At the very beginning, he had relied on his personal treasure to dominate the world, which was the Dragonization Pagoda in the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple.

Then, he had used his own cultivation base many times to refine the Dragonization Pagoda into a Dragon Gate. As the Dragon Gate revolved, it could absorb all attacks of Xiantian Astral Energy and convert it into its own Astral Energy. That way, he would never run out of Xiantian Astral Energy. In the past, he had relied on this method to play around with the Dragon Gate he had created.

Moreover, his Sacred Dragon Heart Sutra was one of the highest secrets of the Desolate Dragon Gate. In addition, he had stripped the Martial Emperor of all his memories and cultivation base, which contained a deep understanding of the Desolate Dragon Gate.

The Martial Emperor had entered the Desolate Dragon Gate in the past, otherwise he wouldn't have obtained the Dragon Raising Sutra and created the Dragonization Pagoda.

Gu Chensha had never stopped researching the Desolate Dragon Gate. In his opinion, of the three great treasures, the Desolate Dragon Gate was the most compatible with his ideals. Whoosh!

He came out of the dimensional realm of the Little Hong Meng Tree and entered the depths of the space-time turbulence. This time, his body flickered as he flew at an extremely fast speed. In an instant, he tore through the barriers of multiple dimensions. Then, with a slight movement, he crossed many parallel universes.

He repeatedly flickered like this, relying on his Heavenly Dao Art to grasp some sort of node in time. This was no longer a change in space, but a change in time. This was because the Desolate Dragon Gate and the real world existed in different time dimensions.

When it came to spatial faults, one could travel through them at will. However, when it came to temporal faults, this wasn't something an ordinary powerhouse could grasp. This was especially true when spatial faults and temporal faults intersected. This way, coupled with the unpredictable ability of the universe, even Heavenly Venerables and Heavenly Longevity Realm experts would find it difficult to find specific things in the boundless space-time.

The universe was so vast that even Heavenly Longevity Realm experts would be nothing more than a drop in the ocean in front of it. They wouldn't be able to cause any waves. However, as Gu Chensha used the Heavenly Dao Art, he was very familiar with this.

After a full three days, he constantly used his own power to shift space-time, change trajectories, and lock onto a constantly changing position. In the end, he used all the power in his body and suddenly shook! It was as if he had broken through something, and everything in front of him suddenly became clear. Five massive realms appeared in front of him. These five massive realms displayed five different colors: green, red, white, black, and yellow. There were actually five Five Element Realms, and they were all Major Chiliocosms.

"This is simply a miracle."

Gu Chensha had seen the Five Element Realms of the North Star Empire. Back then, the North Star Empire's most powerful move had been to explode all five Minor Chiliocosms in an attempt to break free from the Dharma Saint's schemes. Unfortunately, it had failed at the last moment. However, in the end, the Five Element Essence of the five Minor Chiliocosms had still been absorbed by Gu Chensha. But now, these weren't Minor Chiliocosms, but Major Chiliocosms.

At the center of these five Great Thousand Worlds, an even more miraculous scene appeared. There was a towering ancient gate. It was unknown how many space-time this gate had traversed. Countless dragons seemed to be shuttling back and forth ceaselessly within the gate, and within those five Great Thousand Worlds, there were only dragons.

In the Wood World, there were Wood Dragons. In the Fire World, there were Fire Dragons. There were also Metal Dragons, Water Dragons, and Earth Dragons. This was where the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect was located.

The space-time here wasn't fixed, but it was constantly shifting. Every instant, it would shift 108,000 times. Therefore, no one could lock onto its position. Even if they did, it would only be fleeting.

Only Gu Chensha himself had the Heavenly Dao Art, and he had cultivated to the god realm. He had devoured the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha's essence, and obtained the sins of the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect. Only then could he reach this place and see the true face of the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect.

The true form of the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect was revealed to Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha felt that the majesty of the Dragon Sect was indescribable. He wondered what the Hongmeng Tree looked like.

He had seen the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman before, and he even had it. It looked simple and unadorned, very different from the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect in front of him. Of course, both of them went to extremes.

Another thing was that the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman had yet to unleash its true power. Once it was unleashed, it would kill on behalf of the heavens. Its power was immeasurable.

In the 14th year of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman first fell into the hands of Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha wasn't the Son of Heaven, so he couldn't gather the power of the sacrificial talisman to carry out a large-scale sacrificial ceremony.

Later on, when Gu Chensha gained some power, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman automatically flew away and landed in the hands of Wu Dangkong. Wu Dangkong and Gu Chensha lost time and time again, causing him to be unable to gather the Son of Heaven's Qi. Therefore, from the start to the end, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman never unleashed its true power.

The Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect was blocked by the Five Elements Great Thousand World. If one wanted to enter, he had to pass through this barrier.

However, Gu Chensha didn't care. His body changed again, and with a move, he disappeared. In the next flash, he stood in front of the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect.

Compared to the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect, the difference was like an ant to the sea. However, his temperament, in essence, surpassed the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect.

Although the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect was one of the three supreme treasures in the ancient legends, compared to the Divine Prefecture, the Heaven Realm, and the Heavenly Dao, it was still a level lower.

Gu Chensha could use the power of the Divine Prefecture, defeat the will of the Heaven Realm, cultivate the Heavenly Dao Technique, and turn his Minute Dust World into a Small Heaven Realm. In essence, he stood on a higher vantage point than the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect.

However, he didn't directly enter the depths of the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect. Instead, he carefully observed at the entrance, because he knew that once he entered the door, he would likely be ambushed. With his current strength, rashly entering the interior of the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect was still extremely dangerous.

This was not the outside world. If others used the power of the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect to crush him, he could easily defeat them. After entering the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect, this power would increase by a thousand times.

Just like that, he sat cross-legged in front of the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect, circulated his will, inhaled and exhaled, and then sent out his will.

"Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect, in front of the Heavenly Dao, you are guilty, but in front of me, you are innocent. I declare you innocent! "This huge will rushed into the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect.

(Important notice: Please use this site's free app. No ads, no errors, fast updates, members synchronized to the bookshelf, please follow the official WeChat account. Ggyy 12221 (hold down for three seconds to copy) Download the app!