Chapter 1150
============

Who is the strongest?

"After a hundred million years, the strongest has finally been born."

"That white-clothed youth, the existence born from the flesh egg, is now going to challenge the ancient legend, Gu Chensha."

"That white-robed youth, the existence that was born from the giant flesh egg, is now going to challenge that ancient legendary figure, Gu Chensha." "To be honest, I still have my doubts about the existence of Gu Chensha.

I've heard that the virtual panel in our sea of consciousness was created by him, but I think that's a fallacy.

The virtual panel in our sea of consciousness should be an innate arrangement of creation, and has nothing to do with Gu Chensha. " "I've never seen Gu Chensha before."

"Right now, the multiverse is extremely chaotic, and the factions are extremely complicated. We don't know what will happen in the future, but I can feel that a new order is about to be born, and a true supreme overlord will appear."

Countless divine wills intertwined, and powerful auras spread throughout the multiverse. It was countless Supreme Undying level experts.

Right now, there were many Supreme Undying level experts in the multiverse. Although they weren't as many as the hairs on a cow, they were still like a school of carps in a river.

Of course, even with so many Supreme Undying experts, they would still be ancestor-level characters in any universe, able to rule over a region and enjoy bliss.

Right now, it wasn't easy for all living beings in the multiverse to cultivate to the Supreme Undying level.

Above the Supreme Undying level, there was the Indestructible level of 10 billion, the Supreme Undying level of 100 billion, and the Supreme Undying level of a trillion. A trillion was one trillion. Many experts had already reached one trillion, or even several trillion. Apart from that, there were even experts who could surpass 10 trillion.

The white-clothed youth had definitely broken through to the Supreme Undying level of 10 trillion. He might even have obtained unlimited lifespan, breaking Gu Chensha's virtual panel.

Moreover, the person who obtained Gu Xinjian and Chen Qi's essence was definitely second only to the white-clothed youth.

One had to know that Gu Xinjian had directly devoured the fake Gu Taxian, and that fake Gu Taxian was the will of the old world. The fusion of the new and old world wills could produce great power.

Apart from that, the fake Gu Taxian's power had also fused with the real Gu Taxian's power. The fusion of the two was even more wondrous. As for Chen Qi, he was also a supreme Heaven's Favorite.

However, in the past 100 million years, the multiverse had changed. It was unknown how many supreme hegemons had stood at the peak, but the existence that had obtained Chen Qi and Gu Xinjian's evolution had still not appeared. There was not even a trace of it. No one could find it.

Originally, there was only the white-clothed youth and He Ming who stood at the peak. However, the two of them had pursued each other and been entangled for a hundred million years. They didn't have the time to dominate the world and the multiverse. This led to the rise of another person.

Right now, the overlords all sensed the birth of a truly invincible character. Their divine wills intertwined. Some were terrified, some were contemplating, some wanted to seek refuge, some wanted to hide, and there were even more who were filled with anticipation.

It was an invincible figure clad in armor. His entire body was crimson, and he was the supreme main character that had been born in these hundreds of millions of years. His lifespan was more than three trillion years, and he controlled two inconceivable universes. He held great authority, and his power was simply monstrous, shaking the boundless space-time. He was also a youth, but it was obvious that he had a battle style.

Originally, he had great ambitions, thinking that he could obtain eternity and stand at the highest position among the heavens. He could make his own laws in the universe. Unfortunately, after seeing the white-clothed youth devour He Ming, he knew that he had no hope at all. Swish, swish, swish … A few figures appeared here. These figures all had the strength of a trillion years. There was even one person who had a lifespan of four trillion years, close to five trillion years.

"Yun Lie, what should we do now?

That white-clothed youth has appeared out of nowhere and messed up the situation. What's more, we feel that the virtual interface will disappear at any moment. Once it disappears, lifespan will be meaningless to us. " At this moment, the supreme giant with a lifespan of close to five trillion years spoke.

"Xu Jie, you've progressed so quickly. What kind of fortuitous encounter or comprehension did you obtain? A million years ago, our strength was about the same. "

At this moment, the fiery-red-armored Yun Lie was very fearful as he looked at the giant with a lifespan of close to five trillion years.

"At our realm, the increase in lifespan can't rely on fortuitous encounters. It depends on our own Ginseng Light. I obtained some aura which allowed my lifespan to reach five trillion years."

Xu Jie also had the appearance of a youth, wearing rainbow-colored clothes. Behind his head, circles of light seemed to be able to reach eternity.

"All these years, we've been fighting fiercely. Each of us has grasped unimaginable worlds, but in reality, as long as we reach a lifespan of a trillion years, it's very difficult to destroy our enemies. However, the appearance of that white-clothed youth has completely broken the balance. We need to work together now." At this moment, another woman spoke. This woman had a lifespan of more than a trillion years. Her aura was deep and ancient.

"We need to work together. At the very least, we have the power to protect ourselves. Moreover, the appearance of that white-clothed youth is indeed a threat to us, but there are also some benefits. For example, he's going to challenge Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha controls the infinite worlds, and our lifespan is in his hands. Once he kills Gu Chensha, our cultivation might skyrocket. The most important thing now is to work together to protect ourselves, and then wait and see." Xu Jie laid down the rules.

In the all-heavens, many groups like this were established in an instant. Each of these groups possessed supreme power. All eyes were on the white-clothed youth's movements. Of course, the white-clothed youth also knew that these gazes were on him, but he didn't care.

In his eyes, these people were all ants. After he dealt with Gu Chensha, these people would be annihilated with a flick of his finger. Those who didn't submit to him could only die.

However, he didn't attack Gu Chensha. Instead, he tore open a crack, and a palace appeared. Within the palace, countless experts were silently researching and observing the all-heavens. However, this group had never appeared in the real world before, and they were the masterminds behind the scenes.

"Everyone …"

After tearing open the crack and revealing the palace, the white-clothed youth let out a long roar. His will spread to many corners of the multiverse, allowing many experts to see it clearly.

"In this palace is Gu Chensha's group, and the core person is Lou Baiyue. Right now, I will kill this Lou Baiyue in front of everyone and see if Gu Chensha will come out or not. Gu Chensha has controlled the lifespans and fates of everyone for who knows how many years. Today, I will kill his wings, and then slowly kill him so that everyone can see what exactly his fate is." The white-clothed youth laughed and walked into the palace. He walked into the hall and said, "Lou Baiyue, come out.

Otherwise, I will kill everyone in this palace. You have been acting like a tyrant in the all-heavens for too long. It is time for you to meet your doom. "

At this moment, Lou Baiyue appeared in front of the white-clothed youth. She sighed and said, "Why are you doing this? Are you seeking your own death?

With your current strength, you can completely enjoy Limitless and become the king of the myriad worlds. You have already broken through the virtual interface and thought that you have obtained eternal life. Unfortunately, when you broke through the bindings, you also removed the thing that you are truly proud of. " Rumble! Countless powers exploded between the heavens and the earth. The white-clothed youth could not be bothered to listen to Lou Baiyue's nonsense anymore.

He spread open his hand and a resplendent light appeared. Within the light, six figures appeared. These six figures were Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li. It was as if the six of them had come back to life.

Then, the six great existences pierced through the past, present, and future, once again condensing into one, becoming supreme laws.

"I belong to the future. The future is all mine."

The white-clothed youth said, "Lou Baiyue, you should just submit. If Gu Chensha does not come out, only death awaits you."

"Since you want to see Chensha so much, I will fulfill your wish. However, once you see him, you will definitely regret it." Lou Baiyue's figure flashed and she dodged the attack.

Then, the entire palace seemed to be pulled by an invisible force, collapsing, and finally disappearing once more.

The white-clothed youth's grab missed. With his current supreme strength, there was actually something that he could not do. Buzz … Between the heavens and the earth, endless power began to condense.

A person appeared in front of the white-clothed youth. This person was very simple and unadorned, no different from an ordinary person. It was Gu Chensha.

The Gu Chensha who had not appeared for many years and was thought to have died had actually appeared.

"Zhou Qin and the other five self-destructed and fused into a giant egg. Within the giant egg, you were born. You were finally perfected and had some power."

Gu Chensha looked at the white-clothed youth with some admiration, "Your power even broke my virtual interface. However, my virtual interface was actually helping you. You destroyed your own future, and there was nothing I could do." "Gu Chensha, you have finally appeared."

The white-clothed youth squinted his eyes, "You are a weirdo. After so many years, you have always stood at the peak, controlling the fate of all living beings. Today, it is finally time for you to end." "I hope that someone will end me, but it is a pity that it is not you." Gu Chensha waved his hand, "Leave. Wait, wait for someone more powerful than you to appear."

"Gu Chensha, do you really think that in this world, be it in the past, present, or future, no one can defeat you?" The white-clothed youth shook his head. Suddenly, he attacked.

Without warning, he turned into a rune and entered Gu Chensha's body, beginning to devour and transform him.

"Gu Chensha, actually, I have already found out everything about you through the virtual interface. I am just waiting for you to appear. Everything about you is within my grasp."

The white-clothed youth's tone carried a hint of Gu Chensha's voice, as if he had really begun to fuse with Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha reached out and grabbed at his body. Suddenly, the rune was grabbed out of thin air and jumped on his palm. At the same time, the white-clothed youth's terrified voice came from within.

"Impossible!" .....

Merry Christmas, everyone. The reason why the updates have been slow recently is firstly because of Zongheng's annual meeting. Secondly, I am doing the final revision of the new book and finalizing the contract for the new book. I have finally reached an agreement with the film and television company. When the new book is released, the film and television project will be launched at the same time. Everyone will soon be able to see the authentic elements of China Kungfu in the television series and movies.

Thirdly, I am preparing for some matters regarding my marriage. It is a major event in life, so we must be careful.

The contract for the new book has been finalized. The book will be released before the 31st of January. This time, there will be no delays because it is stipulated in the contract. Everyone must be happy today. Eat, drink, and have fun. Happy events will follow. nt Remember the mobile website: M.