Chapter 839
===========

Gu Chensha's plans were interconnected.

He had already obtained the loyalty of the Punisher Heavenly King. Every day, the sacrificial power was gathered in the Little Hongmeng Tree. After refining it, he extracted the essence and sent it into the Divine Land Gourd, causing its power to increase.

Now that Heavenly King of Jin had fallen into his trap, the essence of the sacrificial power had fallen into the hands of the Calming Celestial Department. Zhuge Ya extracted this power and broke through to the Heavenly Lord Realm.

The Tranquil Immortal Department currently had five Empyreans. In ancient times, they could already penetrate through the heavens and earth. Even now, they could absolutely dominate the world. However, if they wanted to rely on this little bit of power to contend with the Sky Emperor and seize and suppress the future Heavenly Court, that was far from enough.

Gu Chensha was in Sin Prefecture City, looking up at the stars. Occasionally, there would be shooting stars streaking across the sky and landing on the Divine Land before disappearing. He knew that another star reincarnated person had appeared.

In the past, he couldn't see the descent of the stars or who the reincarnated person was. Now, he could clearly see who the reincarnated person was.

After obtaining the loyalty of the Heavenly King of Jin, his cultivation base was about to break through to the Dao Realm 35 Transformation, the Chaos Dust Realm.

Once he reached this realm, his cultivation base would explode once more and the circulation of his strength would give off a terrifying feeling.

In order to numb the Calming Celestial Department, the Heavenly King of Jin, Chu Feng, had to continuously offer sacrifices. Between the sacrifices, it was of great help to Gu Chensha. At the same time, the Punisher Heavenly King Gu Xingjian was managing the Great Burning Empire and was slowly gaining momentum. He was feigning civility with the Great Burning Heavenly King Xiao Yan. The number of sacrifices also slowly increased. Hundreds of billions of people exploded out and huge amounts of sacrifices surged into the Little Hongmeng Tree, causing its reserves to become extremely vast.

Not to mention anything else, Gu Chensha could now use the power of the sacrifices to unleash a few more moves of the Emperor Of Heaven's Wrath. Its strength was even greater than the Great Thousand Primordial Dragon Lightning.

"In the future, apart from the Emperor Of Heaven, there's also the Emperor Of Heaven's harem. The Lord of the Sun and the Moon is equivalent to the Prime Minister. His cultivation base controls the sun and the moon, as well as the movement of the stars. His strength is equivalent to the amalgamation of many old fogies in the Primordial Heaven stage.

As for the Nine Heavenly Kings, all of them were at the peak of the Divine Prime Realm, and they wielded enormous Dharma treasures of the Boundless World level.

Below them are many True Gods, Celestial Sovereigns, and Immortal Officials. If the Heavenly Court really appears in the future, even if we don't include the Emperor Of Heaven, its scale and strength are far beyond what we can compare to.

Even if our Tranquil Immortal Department and the Imperial Court were to join forces, we wouldn't even be able to compare to one-thousandth of the future Heavenly Court. "Gu Chensha calculated their strength.

His current cultivation could rival those in the Sky Origin Stage, and he could even defeat them. He calculated that he was almost on par with the future Chaotic King in his heyday.

If he ascended to the Celestial Master Realm, it would not be a problem for him to sweep away the Nine Heavenly Kings at their peak, and he could also suppress the future Master of the Sun and Moon.

But if he wanted to defeat the future Emperor Of Heaven at his peak, even if he cultivated to the Celestial Master Realm, it would still be impossible.

Even if he went one step further and cultivated to the Heaven Longevity Realm and the Divine Prime Realm, it would still be impossible for him to defeat the future Emperor Of Heaven at his peak, unless he cultivated to the Celestial Realm.

Of course, if the current Emperor Of Heaven appeared, his strength would not be comparable to the future Emperor Of Heaven at his peak.

But what Gu Chensha was worried about was that after the Emperor Of Heaven was born, he would ascend very quickly, and his own ascension speed would be slow, and he would not be able to keep up with the Emperor Of Heaven's footsteps. If that happened, not only would he not be able to suppress the Emperor Of Heaven, but he would also be suppressed by the Emperor Of Heaven. As for the others, Gu Chensha was confident that he could kill, suppress, and deal with them.

Even the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha, Gu Chensha was confident that he could subdue him now, because he had devoured one-tenth of Gu Tiansha's Origin Source. After obtaining a huge advantage, he already had the upper hand. But this person was also a thorny problem. Of course, he was only thorny, and not a huge threat.

Only the Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Chensha really did not have the confidence to suppress, kill, or subdue him. This was not because Gu Chensha's character was not firm, but because he was calm and rational in analyzing his strength. But Gu Chensha was thinking of a series of methods, and he was still in the process of improving.

First, he had to ascend to the Celestial Master Realm, comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and surpass the Sacred Dragon, so that everyone in the world could become a Divergent. Then, he could gather the power of worship, and by relying on the power of worship, Gu Chensha would once again evolve to the point where he could compete with the Emperor Of Heaven. At least, he had found a way to deal with the Emperor Of Heaven.

Generally speaking, the purity of the power of worship was much higher than that of the Innate Saints, because Divergents did not even respect the Heavenly Way, and were existences that defied the Heavenly Way. Therefore, Divergents would not worship any existences. Since ancient times, almost no one could receive the worship of Divergents.

If Gu Chensha turned all the people of China into Divergents, the power of worship would be enough to go against the Heavens.

But now, all the people of China were not geniuses, but the difference between Divergents was too great. But Gu Chensha was confident that he could improve the people of China.

"Ten million changes, worship to obtain! Three thousand True Gods, steal the power of Heaven! There are five thieves in the sky, see them and prosper! "

Gu Chensha revolved his cultivation, and suddenly, a thought of his connected to the Chaotic Dragon Gate, and went to the deepest part of the Chaotic Dragon Gate.

Then, Gu Chensha saw the vast power of worship, which was close to the sacrifice of three thousand True Gods.

"Steal the Sun!"

In an instant, Gu Chensha started to absorb the power of worship, and then he used his will to simulate the power of worship. It was still in the Chaotic Dragon Gate, and Chu Feng could not feel it.

This was equivalent to Gu Chensha entering the silver vault, stealing a large amount of silver, and then using mud to make it look like silver, and then painting it with a layer of silver paint, passing it off as pearls.

This was equivalent to three thousand True Gods worshipping him. At that moment, Gu Chensha felt extremely satisfied. The True God worship was simply unparalleled.

"Break through!" Waves of power reached Gu Chensha's main body.

In an instant, Gu Chensha's body suddenly turned into billions of dust, and each dust turned into a world. This world was not an illusion, but a real world.

This world kept spinning, changing, and finally gathered. At first, it evolved into the power of Medium Thousand, and then it gave birth to the power of Major Thousand. He had reached the thirty-fifth transformation, the Primordial Speck.

However, he was clearly at the thirty-fifth transformation, and yet he could give birth to the power of Major Thousand. This was simply unimaginable. Once he reached the thirty-fifth transformation, Gu Chensha's strength skyrocketed once again.

At this level, Gu Chensha was even more confident in capturing the Chaotic Dragon Gate and refining it. Right now, the core control of the Chaotic Dragon Gate was basically under Gu Chensha's control. As Gu Chensha stole more and more of the worship from the three thousand True Gods, his control would increase. When he reached fifty percent, he would be able to refine, suppress, and subjugate all the Heavenly Kings of Jin. He could play with them however he wanted.

"Just a bit more, and I'll be able to cultivate to the thirty-sixth transformation, the level of Embodiment Transformation. This level is also very beneficial to me. Once I reach this level, I'll be only one step away from becoming a celestial." Gu Chensha thought to himself. "Once I become a celestial, I can do many things. All of this depended on the Heavenly King of Jinmen.

Heavenly King Jin lured out Heavenly King Primal Chaos, Heavenly King Zenith, Heavenly King Dong Hua, and Heavenly King Wisdom.

In addition, Heavenly King Dong Hua controls the Hong Meng Tree. When he is born, the Hong Meng Tree that the three Celestial Masters have painstakingly cultivated will fall into his hands. The three Celestial Masters will definitely not give up on the Hong Meng Tree. As a result, there will be a huge battle. I can use this opportunity to obtain more things. Also, The Great Spirit God, this time I have your core. Let's see how you can escape!

When I gain complete control of the Untainted Desolate Dragon Sect, it will be the time of your death. Now, I will let you live a little longer. " Among the close to three thousand True Gods, The Great Spirit God was among them.

The sacrifice of The Great Spirit God was also captured by Gu Chensha. Through this sacrifice, Gu Chensha could make The Great Spirit God die without a burial place and completely control him. But now, Gu Chensha could not act rashly and alert the enemy, which would ruin his plan to obtain the Untainted Desolate Dragon Sect.

After obtaining the Untainted Desolate Dragon Sect, Gu Chensha could use the power of the Dragon Sect to quickly turn people into geniuses, peerless geniuses, and even natural-born saints.

Although Gu Chensha wanted to capture and kill The Great Spirit God immediately, he had to endure for now.

Then, Gu Chensha's consciousness came out and focused on "Chu Feng." At this moment, "Chu Feng" was talking to the reincarnated Xing Chen. In the depths of the Bottomless Sea of Sin, many experts were fighting in the Demon Realm.

If one wanted to improve quickly, fighting with the Demon Race was the best way. The first was to gain battle experience, the second was to exchange merit for wealth, and the third was to use the Demon Race as sacrifices to the Calming Celestial Department.

The Calming Celestial Department had a huge manufacturing system that mimicked the Dao. As long as people killed demons and sacrificed them, they would be able to obtain some of the things they wanted.

At the same time, the Calming Celestial Department also had a trading system. Numerous people could trade on this platform. Just like that, the market became really lively.

In the fifth layer, there were many Demon Race people and those who could come here were all experts.

"Chu Feng" was talking to a teen.

This young man actually exuded waves of chaotic aura. Clearly, his power had already reached the Dao Realm's 29 Transformations, 'Comprehending Primordial Chaos'. He was only a step away from reaching the Divine Realm's 30 Transformations, 'World Creation'. Even now, God Realm experts were still giants. Within this teen's source, there was a giant Star Source.