Chapter 7
=========

In the past three months, other than pretending to be a fool, Gu Chensha spent his time practicing martial arts and studying the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree. At the same time, he read a lot of ancient documents.

"Hmm?

The records in the history books are quite interesting. In ancient times, the Great Emperor built an altar with five-colored soil and placed more than ten kinds of herbs in it. He killed tigers and wolves as sacrifices to the Heavens to obtain the Tiger Wolf Elixir. The soldiers who consumed the elixir would all become extremely powerful.

Also, I can put a coin into a copper basin and use the Blood Soul of the Green Dragon as a sacrifice. The basin will be filled with the same coin.

Or, I can set up a small Geng Metal Formation and put a sword in it to kill the White Tiger. The sword will cut through iron like mud. I wonder if it will work? "

After practicing martial arts, Gu Chensha lay on his bed and read many history books. There were official history books and unofficial history books.

In the history books, there were chapters on etiquette. If there was etiquette, there would be sacrifices. Other than that, there was also the Etiquette Department in the "Heavenly Talisman Ceremony".

The Heavenly Talisman Ceremony included everything, including ancient and modern books. It could be said to be the number one book in history, but the compilation had not even reached one-tenth of it. He wanted to find records about the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree and how to use it. Indeed, there were many records about the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree in the ancient history books. But it was hard to distinguish the real from the fake. He needed to keep experimenting.

Also, the Dao of sacrifice was not that simple. He needed to understand Yin and Yang, the Five Elements, the reversal of the formation, and the right time.

"In the past three months, I have almost digested the power. It seems that I can perform another sacrifice to increase my power. This time, I will go hunting for tigers and test the other things I can get from the sacrifice." It was a miracle for him to go from "First Glimpse" to "Transcendent" in just three months.

Even if he was a favored prince with all kinds of elixirs and the best training manuals, he still needed ten years of hard work. How could a martial arts master be a child's play? He packed his luggage and was about to go hunting again.

These days, he had digested the power of the Bear Wolf. He could go one step further and break through to the Grandmaster Realm.

"Hall of Diligent Government" in the palace.

A few ministers stood respectfully, and eunuchs wearing soft cloth-soled shoes waited outside, making no sound.

Inside the hall, the copper crane's mouth emitted an orchid fragrance. It was not strong, but faintly discernible. Anyone who smelled it would feel a hundred times more refreshed. The smoke rose to the top of the hall and actually formed the shape of a dragon and a tiger.

This was the most precious "Dragon Tiger Divine Incense". Rumor had it that it was refined from the fossilization of an ancient flood dragon's gallbladder mixed with the gallbladder of a mutated golden tiger and musk deer. When it was ignited, an ordinary person only needed to take a whiff of it to be able to cure diseases, prolong life, awaken one's mind, and become extraordinarily intelligent.

There was only one person in the world who could use this item, and that was the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, Gu Taxian.

Even if others had this incense, they would not dare to use it. It was a prohibited item, and if they were found to be disrespectful, they would be executed.

Gu Taxian did not wear a dragon robe. He was dressed casually in a green silk robe, and his hair was tied up with a jade crown. He was tall and muscular, giving people the feeling that he could support the sky. However, he did not look stern, but kind and friendly. He did not look like an emperor, but more like a teacher who taught the world.

"Your Majesty, the evil worship among the people has been cleaned up, and the gods that were conferred by the Ancient Emperor have been established. However, there are still some ambitious people who are secretly worshipping the evil gods and devils. If we are not careful, they will come back to life." A minister reported, "We are stupid, and there is no way to get rid of them once and for all."

The minister who reported the report was a middle-aged man. He had a ferocious look, and a pair of eagle eyes that were as sharp as knives. It showed that he was a decisive person, and he was a very powerful person. One look and anyone could tell that he was not a scholar, but the commander of the army.

"Don't blame yourself, Marquis Bixie. The evil worship is not something that can be completely banned in history. Although I have the ambition to cleanse the world of evil and to keep the world clean, it is not something that can be achieved in a day." Gu Taxian comforted the minister while reading the report. He had a habit of speaking, and he did not like to address himself as' I ', but' I. '

Other than that, he did not use the ancient language when reading the report. He only used the common language, and it was simple and clear. The ministers were used to this way of doing things.

This emperor was also a legend. He was an illegitimate son who lived among the people, and he did not have the right to be the emperor. However, he suddenly rose to power and succeeded in taking over the throne. It was a heaven-defying feat, and it was as difficult as changing a dynasty. Because of this, the Imperial Court had to carry out a huge purge. After he ascended to the throne, there were a few big cases. Tens of thousands of people were executed, and hundreds of thousands of people were exiled.

"Cleansing the evil worship is the most important part of governing a country. In the past, it was always the evil spirits who took advantage of the natural disasters to bewitch the people and bring harm to the world. If it was just the starving people rebelling, it would be easy to suppress and pacify them. But if there were evil spirits spreading their religion among the starving people, and they tried to overthrow the Imperial Court with their evil theories, the country would be in danger."

Gu Taxian replied to an unimportant memorial with three words, "Got it." Then, he flipped through another one.

"Your Majesty is wise."

Lord Bi Xie was the minister of military affairs, and he was in charge of the Ministry of Punishments. He was also the commander of the Blood Iron Guards, and he was responsible for wiping out all the bandits and evil cults. He could even arrest the officials who broke the law, and he was the sharpest knife in the Imperial Court. He said, "Also, I have something to report. Recently, there are some evil spirits from the Xian Dynasty moving around in the Jianghu. I have been investigating them, but I have not been able to catch them. This is my fault." "Evil spirits from the Xian Dynasty?"

Gu Taxian put down the pen in his hand, but he was not moved. He said, "This is expected. When the Xian Dynasty was wiped out, the royal bloodline was wiped out, but there were still a few powerful people who were loyal to the royal family. For example, the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong was not killed.

But the world is now peaceful, and the people are looking for peace. Hundreds of countries have been wiped out, and a few evil spirits can't do anything. " "Yes!" Lord Bi Xie's report was done, so he stood aside and let the other ministers report.

"Duke of Yuan, you go first." Gu Taxian said.

The Duke of Yuan, Lou Chongxiao, was wearing a court robe. His eyes were like stars, and his forehead was bright. He did not have the murderous aura of Lord Bi Xie. Instead, he had the aura of a Prime Minister.

"Actually, I have a private matter to report today …" Lou Chongxiao hesitated, "But, this is also a national matter … Last time, the Empress said that my daughter is already an adult, and she hopes that the Seventh Prince and my daughter can …"

"This matter …" Gu Taxian thought, "This is a private matter, but it involves my son, so it is also a national matter.

Baiyue is very intelligent, and she has the Pure Lady Bloodline. Her future is limitless, and the country will need her in the future. I have already announced that all the women in the world can learn martial arts, and she can be a role model. Gao Ling, come in. "

A eunuch came in silently and kneeled on the floor. He was like a ghost, and he did not look like a human, but like a ghost.

He was the Chief Steward of the Six Palaces, Gao Ling, the personal eunuch of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

"Pass down the order. Reward Lou Baiyue with three Essence Pills, a set of Chi Chi Ice Armor, and a Fire Sword." Gu Taxian ordered. Plop!

Lou Chongxiao quickly kneeled down, "Your Majesty, please take back your order. My daughter cannot accept such a great reward."

The Essence Pills were made by the royal alchemists using precious herbs and pure energy. It took them ten years to make one batch, and every single pill was precious. Even the princes could not get their hands on them.

As for the Chi Chi Ice Armor, it was said that it was made from the scales of the Chi Chi Dragon that lived in the North Sea.

The Fire Sword was made from a special metal with fire properties. With this sword, it could cut through any ordinary weapon. The sword was even more scorching, and it would burn the moment it came into contact with it. In a fight, the enemy would turn into ashes within two to three moves.

Even a martial arts master would find it difficult to control the Fire Sword. However, after wearing the Chi Chi Ice Armor, one could unleash its full power.

When the reward was announced, even the other officials were shocked. They felt that it was too much. Even the princes who had contributed greatly to the country would not receive such a reward.

"How can I take back my reward?" Gu Taxian smiled.

"Then I thank you on behalf of my daughter, Your Majesty." Lou Chongxiao kowtowed again.

"That's good. You mentioned marriage just now. What is Baiyue's opinion?" Gu Taxian stood up.

"It is the order of the parents and the words of the matchmaker. How can a girl make her own decision about marriage?" Lou Chongxiao prostrated on the floor.

"I have changed the world and swept away the decadent customs. Making one's own decision about marriage is one of them."

Gu Taxian continued to stroll, "I have said that I will let Baiyue make her own decision. Whichever of my sons she likes, they can get to know each other first. If they like each other, I will fulfill her wish. What do you think?" "Your Majesty."

When all the officials heard the word "Your Majesty", they immediately knelt down. They knew that the Emperor was about to make an important decision because Gu Taxian usually addressed himself as "I". When he addressed himself as "Your Majesty", it meant that he had made a decision that could not be changed!

"Your Majesty, you are the Emperor of all times. If Baiyue knows about this, he will definitely be grateful and serve the court," Lou Chongxiao said loudly.

"Oh yes, my nineteenth prince is called Gu Chensha, right?"

Gu Taxian spoke slowly, "He is now 14 years old and about to become an adult. Your Lou family destroyed the dynasty and obtained the book of The Great Spirit God. Give it to me first. Now, take it out from the secret library and let Baiyue give it to the nineteenth prince to cultivate. The two of them can get to know each other."

"What?" Lou Chongxiao thought that he had heard it wrong. He never expected that the Emperor would make such a decision. Although it was "get to know each other", it was no less than a marriage.

When Gu Chensha provided disaster relief, the joke that the people did not eat meat because they had no food to eat had spread throughout the court.

But he did not dare to refute the decision of the Great Emperor of Heavenly Talisman. Although the Lou family was known as the "Lou half of the court" and had great power in the court, if he disobeyed, the Emperor could crush his family into powder with just one word!

"Your subject understands, thank you." Lou Chongxiao was trembling with fear.

He was majestic and unfathomable in front of everyone. He held great power and could kill thousands of people with just one word. But in front of the Emperor, he was still a servant.

"What does the Emperor mean?" He thought quickly, "Why did he allow Baiyue and the nineteenth prince to get to know each other?" His mind was full of thoughts as he tried to figure out the Emperor's intention.

Gu Taxian walked and ignored Lou Chongxiao. He asked another official, "Prime Minister, how is the implementation of the ban on gold and silver and the issuance of paper money going?" The Prime Minister was also an important official in the court, but he was an old man. His face was like the skin of a walnut, but his eyes were bright and full of life.

The other officials did not dare to breathe in front of the Great Emperor of Heavenly Talisman, but he was calm, "The implementation is going well. All the major businesses in the country have agreed to exchange their gold and silver for the paper money."

Both he and Lou Chongxiao were prime ministers, but one was a scholar and the other a military officer.

"I'm afraid the situation is not so optimistic."

Gu Taxian was expressionless, "Those century-old and millennium-old families are used to hiding their gold and silver. They don't believe in the paper money of the court, thinking that it is useless. It seems that they will only wake up to the reality that the world now is not the same as before." Boom!