Chapter 49
==========

"You used the God Maha Pill? You broke through to the second transformation? "Gu Chensha asked," How did you find this place? "

"Not bad, I used a secret technique to worship the Dragon God and Ocean God to get rid of the evil god's demonic nature. After consuming it, my cultivation increased greatly."

Long Yuyun looked at the Heaven Dew in envy, "If you had Heaven Dew, then I would have been able to use it to neutralize the evil energy in the God Maha Pill and absorb it perfectly. I wouldn't have wasted most of the medicinal effects and I would have even been able to reach the third transformation."

Heaven Dew's biggest use was to wash away all impurities, detoxify all poisons, and remove the demonic nature. Anyone who was poisoned or went into a frenzy would see the effects immediately. Her expression was one of pain.

"I didn't have Heaven Dew then."

Gu Chensha had always felt that Long Yuyun was very mysterious, so he was very wary of her and would not reveal anything. "But if you want it, we can make a deal." "What do you want?" Long Yuyun asked.

"If you can gather experts to defend this town, I can give you a drop of Heaven Dew." Gu Chensha thought about it.

"Forget it. I came here to tell you that more barbarian race experts have rushed over and are prepared to take down Ba Nan Province. Your town will be destroyed tomorrow and it won't be able to block them. I think you should leave immediately." Long Yuyun's voice was really anxious, "Staying here is like a mantis trying to stop a chariot." "Then, what about the tens of thousands of civilians here?

Moreover, during these few days, the survivors from the surrounding villages have all surged into the town. There are more and more people and we can't even leave. "Gu Chensha shook his head.

"Where there is life, there is hope." Long Yuyun scolded, "Do you really think that you are a savior?

The Third Prince, Lou Baiyue, and even the Tenth Prince are here but they aren't doing anything. Even Ba Nan Province isn't helping. They all have their own plans. Besides, from a military standpoint, this town isn't good for defense. " "I knew that this town couldn't be defended but I didn't have a better idea.

Besides, there are some things that you can only do even if you know it's impossible. "Gu Chensha's expression did not change at all, as if he had made up his mind.

"Looks like you can't be the Emperor. Your vision is too narrow." Long Yuyun was helpless.

"I didn't want to be the emperor in the first place. I'm now training my martial arts, facing difficulties and going against the tide. Otherwise, how could he break through to the Dao Realm? Since our goals are different, our methods will naturally be different. "Gu Chensha was very calm.

"That's true. For a martial artist, the first thing to do in such a difficult situation is to not lose confidence. Once you get through it, your realm will definitely improve." Long Yuyun could understand this point.

"Then, do you want to stay and assist me?"

"No, I have more important matters to attend to. If I am in danger, the soldiers and civilians of Dragon Sword Island behind me will have no hope."

Long Yuyun pondered for a moment before saying, "How about this, give me ten drops of Heavenly Dew and I'll exchange it for a treasure." "What treasure?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Sea-splitting Thunderbolt Seed."

A blue ball appeared in her palm. It was the size of an egg, "This is something that can only be formed on the Ocean God Temple Tree after hundreds of years." "What is its use?

Can it raise one's strength? "Gu Chensha was confused." It shouldn't be able to raise me to the Dao Realm, right? " "No, this isn't medicine, it's an explosive."

Long Yuyun's words made Gu Chensha take a few steps back, "Sea-splitting Thunderbolt Seed is used to die together with the enemy. When the Ocean God Temple is attacked, it can't be saved. To prevent the enemy from blaspheming the God Spirit after taking over the temple, this thing will be activated. The entire temple and the outside will be turned to dust. Of course, you will be in the explosion range and you will definitely die. This is because you have to personally hold it and drip blood on it. Then, you chant the Ocean God Curse and communicate with your soul. This means that once you activate it, you will definitely die. If I activate it now, the entire town will be gone. Even the houses will be turned to dust. "

"It is so strong?" Gu Chensha didn't dare to believe that such an egg-sized thing could flatten the entire town.

"I can't let you test it out, but if you're within a hundred paces of the center of the explosion, unless you've cultivated the Glazed Jade Body, you'll definitely die." Long Yuyun handed it to Gu Chensha. "This is something that can be used to take you down with yourself."

"If this thing activates, not only me, but everyone around will die. The explosion range is too huge and it is hard to avoid being swept in."

Gu Chensha had an idea, "If I activate the explosion and enter the altar space, then won't I be blown to death?"

When he thought about this, his heart jumped and he couldn't suppress his excitement. "If I go to Peach County and get close to the Barbarian Race God Envoy, activate the explosion and then hide, will I be able to destroy the entire temple and even the Barbarian Race God Envoy who reached Dao Realm Transformation Seven?"

But there was a downside. That Barbarian Race God Envoy was too strong and could sense danger. The moment he activated it, it would be snatched away and he would end up losing everything.

"It won't be a loss to control this thing, 10 drops of Heaven Dew for it." Gu Chensha and Long Yuyun traded.

Since he had this, Gu Chensha felt like he could explore the temple once more. After all, he had gained a lot last time. If he could steal more of the barbarian race's riches and resources, he would be able to deal a heavy blow to the enemy's morale. At the same time, he would be able to increase his own savings.

"Right, I have something that I don't know how to use."

Gu Chensha walked into the room and acted like he was taking something out. He took out the 18 flags from the altar space for Long Yuyun to see. He wasn't familiar with formations and treasures, but Long Yuyun was knowledgeable and definitely knew how to use them.

"This is!

A Spirit Gathering Artifact. "Long Yuyun's eyes popped out," Prince Gu's Sky Dragon Spirit Gathering Flag? How did you get it? " "Prince Gu? You know that Prince of the Great Wei Dynasty?

He's come into contact with you and tried to recruit you? "Gu Chensha immediately heard the secret from Long Yuyun's words.

"Of course, I even came into contact with the envoy he sent a few days ago. Not only that, I was conferred the title of Earl. At the same time, I heard a lot of news from the people who were recruited from overseas. The Great Wei Dynasty has put in a lot of effort this time."

Long Yuyun didn't hide anything. "The times are chaotic. If you can rely on a powerful force, you can protect yourself and escape the calamity." "The Great Wei Dynasty conferred titles randomly and wasted the country's luck."

Gu Chensha snorted. "Titles are a name and cannot be given lightly. Once they are given lightly, the country's prestige will be greatly damaged, and the country will no longer be a country.

I think the Great Wei Dynasty's arbitrary conferring of titles is just a name. They want you to work, fight to the death for them, and get rid of you after the deed is done. " "Of course I know that, so I don't trust them."

Long Yuyun had a crafty look in her eyes. "Speaking of which, Prince Gu is strong and has reached the fourth transformation, Swallow Gold and Turn Stone. He is trying to reach the fifth transformation, and this transformation requires a large amount of spiritual energy. So, he brought 18 Sky Dragon Spirit Gathering Flags from the Great Wei Dynasty. These flags are made from dragon tendons and soaked in tens of thousands of spiritual herbs. There are numerous runes carved on them and they have to be refined in a furnace for 100 years. At least three generations of blacksmiths can succeed. Only a giant like the Great Wei Dynasty can have such an artifact. If it is placed on the ground, it can absorb and spit spiritual energy, turning it into spiritual liquid in the center. These 18 flags are equivalent to 18 Dao Realm experts absorbing and spitting spiritual energy day and night. Although this spiritual liquid is far from the Sky Dew, it is more than enough to nurture normal people.

If I help you build a support formation in your residence, it is equivalent to 36 Dao Realm experts absorbing and spitting spiritual energy. " "Support formation …" Gu Chensha thought back to the Spirit Gathering Formation in the God Temple.

He knew that the Spirit Gathering Formation couldn't turn spiritual energy into spiritual liquid. At most, it could build a large garden. When one cultivated in the garden, their mind would be clear, their body would feel refreshed, and their aura would be peaceful. If they left the garden, they would enter the mortal world.

As for the spiritual liquid, it could be used at any time to cleanse one's meridians, strengthen one's stamina, and refine one's flesh.

In the manors of many nobles in the capital, they spent huge amounts of money to build a Spirit Gathering Formation, but none of them could turn spiritual energy into liquid.

The key was that when Dao Realm experts absorbed spiritual energy into their bodies, they couldn't spit it out and turn it into spiritual liquid. This was why even if you raised a Dao Realm expert, he would at most be a fighter and wouldn't be able to help you raise your cultivation.

"The Sky Dragon Spirit Gathering Flags actually have such an effect? Luckily, I didn't destroy it. "Gu Chensha was delighted," This is a priceless treasure. "

"Of course it's a priceless treasure. If a grand family had such a flag, they would be able to raise many experts in a few decades. Even a pig could become a Martial Master in ten years if it consumed spiritual liquid every day.

This is the Great Wei Dynasty's equivalent to the Emperor's Command Flag. Every time an imperial envoy has an important matter, such as rewarding or killing an official, he has to bring this flag out. After the matter is over, he has to return the flag. "

Long Yuyun also coveted the 18 Sky Dragon Spirit Gathering Flags, but she knew that Gu Chensha was building up his power, so it was perfect for him to have it.

"I see."

Gu Chensha nodded and handed the 18 flags to Long Yuyun, "Since that's the case, bring these flags to my mansion and give them to my adopted son. At the same time, I'll give you five drops of heavenly dew for him to consume. I hope that by the time I return, his martial arts will have improved greatly and he will be able to reach the Martial Master Realm."

"With the spiritual liquid, I can train someone to become a Martial Master, let alone the heavenly dew."

Long Yuyun snatched the flag as if she was trying to snatch it. Suddenly, her gaze shifted, "Aren't you afraid that I'll run after getting it?" "It's okay. Do you know how I killed Yin Yang Scholar?

His cultivation was the same as yours, and this thing was in Prince Gu's hands. What kind of martial arts did he have? I stole it. "Gu Chensha waved his hand.

"What kind of fortuitous encounter have you had recently?"

Long Yuyun couldn't understand. "Not long ago, you needed me to deal with the Black Demon Bat, and it took me a lot of effort to kill it. How did you improve so much in just ten days?"