Chapter 810
===========

Gu Chensha had more or less figured out the method to extract powerful substances from the human sacrifice. Given time, when his cultivation level rose to the Celestial Lord level, it was very likely that he would be able to turn the little Hongmeng Tree into something even stronger than the real Hongmeng Tree.

The things that could be extracted from the human sacrifice were not contained in fusion elemental energy.

Fusion elemental energy was known as the creation of all things, and could extract anything from it. But the only thing that surpassed it was the human heart.

Why did the heavenly law create humans? It was to test out the most perfect thing, but the human heart could not be controlled. The hearts of all beings were different, and no one could make them work as one. What Gu Chensha was pursuing was also what the heavenly law was pursuing.

The heavenly law had bestowed the Heaven Sacrifice Decree and passed down the Son of Heaven God Investiture Art. The last move was to make all beings work as one. It was also hoped that someone could truly cultivate it and make the heavenly law evolve again.

Gu Chensha saw that the providence of the Celestial Tranquility Department was rising, and the Saintly Dragon Mantra was being passed down. Some of the important people were starting to change, and he nodded.

All of a sudden, he let out a long roar, and the power of the world in his body started to circulate. The Saint Heart of Truth squirmed, and a large amount of saintly dragon qi descended from the depths of the void. This was the saintly dragon qi that he had extracted from the power of the sacrifice.

In the depths of the hearts of all beings, there was a desire to become a sage. This desire was extremely strong, and when activated by Gu Chensha's own heavenly law power, it could produce a large amount of saintly dragon qi.

This was originally an ability that only the Dragon Gate had. But now that Gu Chensha had refined the Divine Land Gourd, he had devoured a total of nine Peerless Treasures. Together with the Immortal Slaying God Punisher Gourd, the Divine Land Gourd's power was now comparable to the three great divine weapons.

Especially the Immortal Slaying God Punisher Gourd, which was closely related to the future Emperor Of Heaven. This magic treasure itself contained a large amount of providence, and Gu Chensha had obtained it just like that. He had suppressed this providence, and slowly integrated it into his Divine Land Gourd, and gradually unleashed its great power.

The 36 Peerless Treasures contained the Dao of the Heaven Realm, and the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd contained the Dao of the Emperor Of Heaven. When the two were combined, they could give birth to the true path of the Emperor Of Heaven.

By activating the essence of these treasures, Gu Chensha could secretly calculate and obtain the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven and the true secret of the Emperor Of Heaven's Chosen One. After three days and three nights, a large amount of Sacred Dragon Qi surrounded Gu Chensha. Then, his voice was like thunder as he roared.

All the Sacred Dragon Qi was transformed into elixir pills. There were a total of three thousand of them.

"I have refined the power of sacrifice that we have accumulated over the years, and the desire to become a Sage. After condensing it and combining it with some of the mysteries of the fusion elemental energy, it finally fused into the Sacred Dragon Pills. I have concocted them uniformly, and this will allow our Calmness Celestial Department to have three thousand people born with the potential of becoming a Sage. Choose the talents well and reward them with the Sacred Dragon Pills. Then, spread the news, and add another flame to the raging general trend." As Gu Chensha spoke, he disappeared again. He went to the common people to search for the Emperor Of Heaven's Chosen One.

"What kind of person, what kind of virtue, to be worthy of the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven?

I want to see. There has never been a candidate for the Emperor Of Heaven since ancient times, because even if the virtue of a Sage is ten thousand times better, he is still not worthy of the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven, "Gu Chensha thought to himself as he landed in the common people. He was actually really curious.

The Emperor Of Heaven wasn't a Son of Heaven. There were many ancient Sons of Heaven, but the position of the Emperor Of Heaven had always been empty. No living being in the world was worthy of such a position. Now that such a person had appeared, he wanted to see what this person was like.

But he had no clue about this person and only had a slight idea. To find this person, he would need to rely on Gu Chensha's schemes and cultivation to increase once more.

Right now, he was at the Truth Saint Heart and was a true Saint. However, it was extremely difficult to reach the Truth Saint Heart at the Truth Saint Heart. Unless he could devour the Ancient Heaven Sand's essence or obtain one of the three god items, he would be able to break through after refining it.

When other Saints reached the Truth Saint Heart, they were just controlling their own destiny. After Gu Chensha cultivated it, he would be able to control the destiny of heaven and earth. The two of them weren't on the same level. For example, the same Dao Realm Transformation, Nine Bulls and Two Tigers. When a normal person cultivated it, they would have the strength of nine bulls and two tigers.

As for Gu Chensha, he had the strength of 900 million and 200 million tigers, so how could he compare? How could a person's destiny compare to the destiny of heaven and earth?

This was why if Gu Chensha didn't cultivate it, the moment he did, he would shock the heavens and earth. The place where Gu Dusha landed was still within Sin State City.

This place had become the focus and center of the entire Yongchō. The battle between the Imperial Court and the Demon Race had reached a climax. Although the Demon Race was being pushed back and many experts were captured to be turned into puppets or to be made into protectors by the Buddhist Sect to be sold everywhere.

Every part of the Demon Race was a treasure. Now, the people of the Imperial Court treated capturing demons as an honor to exchange for riches. This was why everyone fought to be the first to enter the Demon Region to take the risk.

Of course, many people died in the Demon Region, but riches came from danger. In this battle between humans and demons, a large number of experts appeared.

"Xin Zhou City has completely become the center of the Divine Prefecture. Geographically, this city was also the center of the Divine Prefecture. But since ancient times, it leads to the Demon Region and Demon Calamities occur frequently, so it's deserted and become a ghost town. Now that we're governing the country, the Demon Region that everyone fears has become our hunting ground. Isn't this great?

No matter how diligent everyone is in training, if they don't experience actual combat, it's all for naught. And in actual combat, there's nothing that can compare to the savage Demon Race.

The destiny of the world is gathering towards Xin Zhou. I think it's time to build a political and cultural center here. "Gu Chensha pondered. In reality, the source of the world's chaos was definitely the Demon Calamity.

Once the Demon Calamity engulfed the world, the Imperial Court's system would immediately collapse and cause chaos.

If the Demon Calamity didn't happen, the world would be at peace. Even if there were some small dragons and snakes causing trouble, they could be suppressed in the blink of an eye.

The Great Wu Dynasty that Martial Emperor Wu had founded had also collapsed because of the Demon Calamity. The Immortal Dao had taken the opportunity to support a few factions, and the great aristocratic families harbored ulterior motives.

Gu Chensha had transformed into a scholar and arrived at the enormous plaza of Xin Zhou City. There were many enormous transportation matrices here that led directly to the Demon Region. These had been constructed by the Calming Immortal Department. Based on his intuition, he could find some clues about the Emperor Of Heaven's destiny here.

This was because this was the place where the conflict between spirit and Demon Race was the most intense. If the Demon Race occupied this place, they would use it as a foundation and gain a firm foothold. Then, they would occupy the Divine Central Continent and blossom from the center.

More and more heroes and heroes appeared in the plaza. They charged towards the Demon Region with majestic momentum, surging with hot blood and heroism at every moment.

At this moment, a few scholars beside Gu Chensha were discussing, "How magnificent! Our Great Yongchō is becoming more prosperous with each passing day. It's like the rising sun in the east. The morale of the people is high, and everyone has justice in their hearts. In this way, what need is there for the Demon Calamity?"

These scholars had a righteous aura about them. Not only were they well-read, they also had the heart to support the world. They were pure in nature. It was possible that they had come here because they wanted to enter the Demon Region to establish themselves.

"I've read the history books. Since ancient times, once a dynasty reaches its peak of prosperity, the Demon Calamity will erupt. In the end, the people will have no way to make a living. One rule, one chaos. However, this time, the Yongchō might very well change this situation."

Another scholar said, "Look, more than ten years ago, the world shook, black qi devoured the sun, and demon stars descended. Many people thought that such a phenomenon meant the end of the Imperial Court. But look at it now. Not only is the Imperial Court not finished, it's even more prosperous, completely repelling the Demon Race.

Even now, the Demon Region has become our hunting ground. This is a major change since ancient times.

We are born in this world, so we mustn't miss this opportunity. Now that the Imperial Court is enlightened, it's no longer ruled by men. It's completely run by the general of the common people. All the merits won't be buried, and all the matters won't be wronged. In this way, as long as we have the ability, we can achieve something. It's not impossible to become a saint or a sage. "

"I heard that the Celestial Tranquility Department has already obtained the Holy Dragon Mantra and is currently researching it. In a few days, it will be fused into the Human Dragon Fist and imparted to those who have made contributions. Once one cultivates this mantra, one will have the aptitude to become a saint. In the future, it will be smooth sailing when one truly becomes a saint."

A scholar's eyes lit up. "The news has already been spread everywhere. The entire world is going crazy. Look, the number of people coming to the Sin Province has increased by several times. In a few days, the news will ferment. I'm afraid this place will be packed with people, and not even a drop of water can trickle through. Everyone wants to charge into the Demon Region to kill the Demon Lord, establish themselves, and obtain the teachings."

As he spoke, this scholar turned a wrist guard on his hand. This wrist guard immediately shot out a ball of light, forming a screen. Many messages and news appeared on the screen.

"Wonderful, Brother Tan, what kind of new thing is this?" another scholar asked.

"This wrist guard is the newest product of the Celestial Tranquility Department. It's called the Communication Wrist Guard. This wrist guard communicates with the Heaven's Net that the Celestial Tranquility Department has set up. In the unseen world, one can receive all kinds of information from it. There's first-hand information from the government, as well as the latest news from all over the country. One can even inquire about all kinds of information and learn all kinds of knowledge. Because my clan has made contributions to the Imperial Court, we were rewarded with this batch first. However, this item will soon circulate in the market." This scholar with the surname Tan laughed loudly, feeling very proud of himself.

"There are countless layers of the Demon Region, and the number of Demon Race is innumerable. They far outnumber all the citizens of our Imperial Court."

A deep scholar said, "In this general trend, some people might appear within the Demon Race. I think the crazy counterattack of the Demon Race might not be far off."