Chapter 932
===========

Finally, the great calamity appeared.

Wen Hong was besieged by Zhang Ziran and was about to be killed and devoured. The situation was already precarious.

But Lou Baiyue's situation was even more dangerous. She was besieged by five experts: the Earthly Sovereign, Wu Dangkong, Peacock, Long Xiangtian, and Liu Chansha. All of them were top figures in the world.

Each of them had the strongest trump card. In order to kill Lou Baiyue, they had prepared a killing formation. Of course, the one with the highest cultivation was the Earthly Sovereign.

When the Earthly Sovereign attacked, an Underworld appeared behind him. There were countless demons and ghosts in the Underworld. There were also many Yama Kings, Judges, Impermanence, Ox-Head, Horse-Face, and Soul-Reaping Envoys.

The Underworld was a supreme artifact second only to the Heavenly Court, or a supreme divine artifact.

The Earthly Sovereign was also called the Lord of Samsara. He controlled the reincarnation of humans, demons, immortals, gods, demons, and other races. Even if one became an immortal, a god, or a supreme demon, once his or her lifespan was up, he or she would be immediately captured by the Underworld and sent into the reincarnation cycle. In the future, the Underworld would have great power.

Moreover, the Earthly Sovereign was recruiting subordinates. For example, Li Wanlong. He was once the Lord of All Demons, but after being recruited by the Earthly Sovereign, he reached the Divine Primordial Realm and hid in the Underworld to become the eleventh Yama King.

He was now hiding in the Underworld, silently cultivating and praying to provide power for the operation of the Underworld. Apart from that, there were many powerful auras in the Underworld.

"In the future, the Underworld will only have ten Yama Kings. Now, one more is added for me. But I am the weakest among the many Yama Kings. Although the strongest Yama King is also in the Divine Primordial Realm, his strength is probably more than ten yuan, or even more."

Li Wanlong looked at the situation in front of him as thoughts flashed in his mind. "This battle will decide the fate of the entire heavens and even the future. If I can kill Lou Baiyue, eliminate the many officials of the Yongchō, destroy the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds, then I'm afraid the Heavenly Court will truly be established and order will be established.

However, killing Lou Baiyue was not the key. The key was to kill Gu Chensha. If they could kill Gu Chensha, the Emperor Of Heaven would be able to sit firmly on the throne. Who was the Emperor Of Heaven?

I heard that he had infiltrated into the imperial court. In the past, I also vaguely thought that he was Zhang Ziran, but now it seems that I am not. This person is actually the ruler of the human world. "

Li Wanlong looked at the sky again. "Gu Taxian, oh, Gu Taxian, you were so arrogant, but you didn't expect that the situation would develop to this extent, did you?" "I knew you wanted to kill me, but how could it be so easy? It's like I'm here in person! " Lou Baiyue was fearless in the face of death. She suddenly activated her Yuan Shen. Hum …

Behind her, a token appeared. Then, the token turned into a towering figure that could support the heavens and earth. It separated the chaos and trampled everything under its feet. This was the shadow of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

Lou Baiyue waved her hand. The shadow of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor behind her opened its hand and grabbed towards Long Xiangtian and the others.

Their attacks landed on the shadow's hand like clay oxen entering the sea, unable to cause any ripples.

Especially Long Xiangtian, Liu Chansha, and Peacock. Their origin energy became restless, as if they were about to be absorbed by the shadow of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

"The three of you have mutated origin energy. Those mutated origin energy were left behind by the Emperor. I will now take back your origin energy." Lou Baiyue's voice became louder. Long Xiangtian, Peacock, and Liu Chansha's origin energy became sluggish.

"You think it's that simple?"

Long Xiangtian snorted. "Our origin energy is the mutated origin energy created by the clash between the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian. It doesn't belong to Gu Taxian, but something else. These things belong to us. We will not let you take them away. Suppress!" Zzt zzt zzt, zzt zzt zzt zzt …

Bolts of purple lightning shot out from the three of them. These bolts formed a chain that linked the three of them together. In an instant, the three's origin energy stopped moving.

"The three of them secretly made such preparations?"

The King of Earth was shocked when he saw this. He exchanged a glance with Wu Dang Kong. It was obvious that these five people had formed an alliance to kill Lou Baiyue, but each of them had their own ulterior motives. None of them trusted each other, and there was a small group within a small group.

"Looks like the three of them aren't completely loyal to us?" Wu Dangkong asked the Earthly King.

"That's only natural. The three of them also understand that in the future, they won't have the slightest chance. There won't be a place for the three of them in the future. If the three of them are willing to give up all their power and enter the cycle of reincarnation, they might have a chance. But why would they do that?

The three of them are working with us to fight against Gu Chensha. After this is over, they will be like Gu Chensha and rebel against the Heavenly Court. "The Earthly King understood.

"The Sky Sovereign's intention is clear. He wants these people to perish together with Gu Chensha and the rest in this battle," the Sky Sovereign said.

Wu Dangkong said, "I think it's possible. But now that Lou Baiyue has activated the power of Gu Taxian's golden plate, we really can't break it for a while."

"Don't worry about it. Gu Immortal Trampling doesn't have much energy left. In the battle against the Heavenly Daos, he's used up all of his energy. In the past, he would've been invincible. But look at him now. Long Xiangtian and the other two are able to block it.

In a moment, the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos will press down and Lou Baiyue won't be able to resist it. "The Earthly King saw it clearly. All these things happened in an instant.

All living beings in the Divine Land and the Four Wilds saw such a scene. First, Nangong Xun's body shook and disappeared. Instead, a huge Heavenly Pillar fiercely struck down, trying to crush the altar and merge with the Bottomless Sea of Sin.

Following this, more than 100,000 stars appeared and slaughtered everywhere. The stars flew into the sky and channeled their power into the Heaven Pillar, causing the Imperial Court's power to grow weaker and weaker while the Heaven Pillar's power grew stronger and stronger.

Then, Zhang Ziran attacked. The Earthly King and the others appeared and attacked the higher-ups of the Imperial Court.

Everyone was shrouded in panic. At the same time, many people lost confidence in the Imperial Court. Many experts knew that the Imperial Court might not be able to resist this attack.

"Kill!" Someone else attacked the Imperial Court. It was Xu Ziyu. His target was Zhuge Ya.

He had to kill Zhuge Ya. Only then could his karma be complete. Then, he could devour the stars and advance further. Even the Emperor Of Heaven couldn't control him. Then, he could build a Mirage.

Facing the shining stars in the sky, Xu Ziyu drooled. "If I devour all the stars in the sky and absorb them into my body, how much power can I produce?" Swoosh!

He activated his own power. In an instant, he arrived next to Zhuge Ya. Then, a ring of starlight appeared behind him and swallowed Zhuge Ya.

Behind his head, there was a ring of light, within which were the original essences of the 36 great stars.

He had secretly seized them. However, it was still difficult for him to completely operate the original essences of the 36 great stars.

Therefore, after he devoured Zhuge Ya, he would be able to control the original essences of the 36 great stars like an extension of his arm.

Although he was slower than Zhang Ziran, he seemed to be the fastest to finish the battle. Because of his sudden attack, the ring of light behind his head swelled up, enveloping and devouring Zhuge Ya. Then, the Astral Truefire within it began to explode. Many people saw that under the pressure of the 36 great stars, Zhuge Ya had already exploded into dust. All of his power and aura disappeared, fusing into Xu Ziyu's body.

"I'm afraid this is the first major character of the Imperial Court to fall." "Zhuge Ya is dead." "The decline of the Imperial Court has begun. It will never be able to rise again."

"The entire imperial court is completely done for. There is no longer any hope. Zhuge Ya is one of the top five magnates in the imperial court. His fate in the imperial court is not to be underestimated. If he dies just like that, it basically means that the imperial court has failed."

"There's no more hope. From today onwards, the Yongchō Dynasty will become history. As for that Gu Chensha, he still hasn't appeared? Has he become a turtle hiding in its shell? "

"Xu Ziyu is also treacherous. He suddenly rose to prominence in the past ten years, and he was extremely respectful to the Imperial Court. This time, he even took the lead in swearing to protect the Imperial Court. But who would have thought that at the last moment, he would turn the tables and kill Zhuge Ya? After killing Zhuge Ya, I'm afraid he'll kill even more officials of the Imperial Court. " Zhuge Ya died in front of everyone's eyes. He was devoured by Xu Ziyu just like that.

Xu Ziyu's Xu Clan had become the number one aristocratic clan over the past ten years. Now that he had brazenly rebelled, everyone felt that he would most likely make a big move next.

"What's going on?"

Xu Ziyu himself didn't feel the slightest bit happy. This was because the instant he killed Zhuge Ya, he didn't feel that his destiny had been perfected. It was as if he had devoured a fake Zhuge Ya.

Logically speaking, the instant he devoured Zhuge Ya, his destiny should have been perfected. After that, he would expand and completely break through the shackles of destiny, causing the karmic blessings of the Heavenly Dao to disappear. After that, he would be free and unfettered, able to do whatever he wanted, doing as he pleased.

But now, he still felt that his destiny was not perfected. In fact, there was even a sense of danger that could explode at any moment.

"Not good. Zhuge Ya is up to something." He prepared to retreat and leave this place.