Chapter 202
===========

There were many ancient items that had come into contact with the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Era.

In the ancient "Wu Dynasty", there was a Great Emperor who specially collected many Untainted Era items and refined them. He found the items that the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Era had come into contact with and forged them into the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. Yuan Shasheng found the wreckage and painstakingly refined it again, but all of it ended up benefiting Gu Chensha.

Of course, Gu Chensha had the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood, the Sun and Moon Dragon Aura, and the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman. He could do things that even the ancient immortals could not. Thus, he refined the Dragon Transformation Pagoda into the Dragon Gate. This treasure became his number one defensive treasure.

If he merged with the Sun Swallowing Bashe Pouch, then who knew how strong the Dragon Gate would become.

"Nineteenth Brother, I also want to see if the Sun Swallowing Bashe Pouch can increase the power of your Dragon Gate. If the Dragon Gate evolves again, will it produce pills that can increase one's talent to the level of an unparalleled genius?" The Fourth was also very curious.

"How is that possible? At most, it will increase the absorption ability and melting speed."

Gu Chensha said, "For example, if I meet an expert of the Golden Dan Great Dao, their Innate Gang Qi is extremely condensed. After I devour it, it will be difficult to digest. But after merging with the Sun Swallowing Bashe Pouch, it will probably be digested in an instant. It can also melt all kinds of Primordial Spirits and all kinds of demons.

I read in the ancient books that the Sun Swallowing Bashe can digest anything. Back in the day, there were ten suns in the sky. An unparalleled hero shot down nine suns, but they were all swallowed by this snake. That's how it got the name of Sun Swallowing. "

"The Sun Swallowing Bashe and the Hell Snake are indeed terrifying. In the Untainted Era, they represented one of the strongest powers. This piece of skin he shed really has an unfathomable and unparalleled magical effect. "

Lou Baiyue said, "Keep it for now and refine it when the opportunity arises. To completely merge it is not something that can be done in a day."

Gu Chensha also knew that to merge with the Sun Swallowing Bashe Pouch, he would probably need to kill a powerful expert, sacrifice the Heavenly Dao, and use the Sacrifice of Connection to borrow the power of the Heavenly Dao to perfectly merge it. Otherwise, he would not be able to use its full power.

Refining this kind of magic treasure was something even the old immortal path experts were powerless against.

He kept the Swallowing Sun Ba Serpent Pouch and waved his hand, "Yi Zheng, you are now a member of the Calming Immortal Department. From now on, you will work for the imperial court with all your might. Do not neglect your duties." "Yes!" The two Luluha knelt down. "We will do our best to atone for our sins."

Lou Baiyue and The Fourth looked at each other. They both felt that the Tranquil Immortal Department's strength had increased once again after having Luluha.

Luluha's cultivation was actually really strong and he cultivated to the 17th transformation, Dao Splitting Soul. He also stole the body of a top genius and swallowed his soul. Reaching the 18th transformation, Great Dao Golden Core was something that was definitely going to happen.

"Very good." Gu Chensha waved his hand, "Step down. From now on, you will be Long Zaifei's subordinate." "Yes." Luluha retreated.

"Our Tranquil Immortal Department has been working hard and our strength has slowly increased. But it is still not enough. We have to defend against the Nine Sword Mysterious Sect's counterattack. Apart from that, we have to search for people with star energy reincarnations."

Lou Baiyue said, "We have to plan many things carefully. Right, Chensha, are you going to head to Baoyu Country to take charge of the recruitment?"

"Recruitment is a small matter. In the past, I had to do it personally, but now Long Zaifei and Luluha are enough."

Gu Chensha had thought about it long ago, "Long Yuyun will set things up outside and the Cold Jade Dew business is pretty much done. With Luluha there, I don't think they will be able to do anything." "That's true. Long Zaifei is also at Dao Realm Eight Transformation." The Fourth was shocked, "His improvement speed is so quick. He is like a dragon in the sky."

"He has resources too. He eats Fire Dates and Purple Green Immortal Peaches as snacks. He also lives in the Xuanwu Nest and is nourished by celestial energy. Even the 72 sects don't have such treatment. Apart from that, he has also consumed the Seven Saint Heart Cultivation Pill, so it would be weird if he didn't improve quickly." Lou Baiyue smiled, "Chensha treats his subordinates really well."

"The Purplish Green Immortal Peaches are indeed good stuff, especially the ones that have been nourished by the Immortal Qi in the Nineteenth Brother's fief. That's the real deal. Just one is priceless. I reckon that even an ordinary person who doesn't know martial arts would be able to step into the Grandmaster Realm after a few years of training," the fourth brother said. "Give me some when the time comes."

"No problem, Fourth Brother will just send someone to find my godson." Gu Chensha nodded his head. This really didn't mean much to him.

The Xuanwu baby had woken up and drilled into the ground to manage the nest. Its ability was several times stronger than before and even Fa Wuxian wouldn't be able to take half a step forward.

Along with the Xuanwu baby working underground, the castle would slowly turn into something like a God Country.

The Xuanwu God Beast's ability in ancient times was comparable to that of a god. Some gods might not even be its match. Its body wasn't made of flesh and blood, but it was formed by a spacetime maze and some sort of law. Gu Chensha observed its body structure and was able to comprehend some sort of supreme truth. The Xuanwu belonged to water and its body contained the true laws of the Dao of Heaven and Earth.

There were still many things that Gu Chensha hadn't comprehended yet. He wanted to go back and cultivate in seclusion for eight to ten years, but the world was in full swing and wouldn't give him any time.

"Let's take this opportunity to study martial arts again," Gu Chensha suggested. "With Fourth Brother and Baiyue's help, I'll be able to improve very quickly." "Alright."

The Fourth nodded his head. "Searching for the descendant of the Demon Star isn't something that can be done in a day or two. It still depends on fate and cultivation."

Just as the three of them were about to cultivate again, Lou Huaiyue hurried in from outside. "Reporting to the three department heads, Jin Suibo requests an audience. He says he's willing to help the Calming Immortal Department convince the immortal dao sects." "Oh?" Lou Baiyue and the other two frowned. "What exactly is Jin Suibo trying to do?

Even I don't believe that he's wholeheartedly working for the imperial court. After all, the Limitless Heavenly Sect was exterminated by the imperial court. As an elder, he was actually rescued by Seventh Brother. It would be strange if he didn't want to take revenge. But after so many years, he actually hasn't done anything to harm the imperial court. "

"I feel that he contributed greatly to us being able to gain the support of Luoxiu and the other sects this time."

Gu Chensha's thoughts were meticulous. "Of course, he might not have any good intentions this time. It's worth thinking about the key points in making us fight against the Nine Swords Mysterious Gate." "Even without him, we still have to subdue those second and third-rate sects."

The Fourth had a different opinion. "We have to go against the Nine Swords Mysterious Gate in the end, so what he's doing isn't too much. Call him in. If he can really be used by us, it might not be a bad thing."

"This person is very profound. On the surface, his cultivation level isn't high, but judging from Luoxiu's trust in him, he must be very powerful." Lou Baiyue waved her hand. "Call him in."

Not long after, Jin Suibo was brought in. He hurriedly knelt on one knee. "This lowly official pays his respects to the three department heads."

"Although Mr. Jin is an official of the imperial court, and this princess has been given a token as if I'm here in person, you should kneel. However, you were once an elder of the Limitless Heavenly Sect and can be considered a person of the Immortal Dao. In the future, there's no need to be polite." Lou Baiyue waved her hand.

"Etiquette can't be ignored."

Jin Suibo hurriedly said, "I used to be a person of the Immortal Dao, but that's all in the past. The past is fleeting. Now that I'm wholeheartedly working for the imperial court, I naturally have to abide by the rules of the imperial court at all times." "As expected, Mr. Jin is a loyal official."

Gu Chensha said, "Last time, you were the one who spoke up to subdue Luoxiu. That's a credit to you. I'll report this to the emperor and explain your contributions. I heard that you want to work for my Celestial Calmness Department?"

"Royal Prince Hui Chen, I do want to work for the Celestial Calmness Department. This lowly official once had some reputation in the Immortal Dao, and I have a few good friends. Moreover, I know a bit about the situation of the Immortal Dao sects. The seventy-two sects of the Immortal Dao are actually not a monolithic block. The other thousands of second, third, and fourth rate sects and loose cultivators are even more complicated and chaotic. If this lowly official can use this lowly official, this lowly official can guarantee that he can convince over a hundred sects to pay taxes for the imperial court," Jin Suibo said.

"This Jin Suibo is indeed not simple. He has some friends in the Immortal Dao, but what are his intentions?

If we have him, it'll probably be a bit more convenient for us to do something big. "Gu Chensha was also very tempted.

The Immortal Dao was complicated. He and Lou Baiyue and The Fourth actually didn't have much information, so they could only use the right people. This Jin Suibo was a suitable candidate.

As expected, Lou Baiyue said, "If that's the case, then I'll accept you into the Celestial Calmness Department. Tell me about your plan.

I know that you said that the Luoxiu and the other two sects will join the Celestial Calmness Department, but the Nine Swords Mystical Gate will definitely not let it go. What do you think we should do? " She was testing Jin Suibo by giving him a difficult problem.

"It's very simple."

Jin Suibo said, "The Nine Swords Mystical Gate's outside is Jian Chengkong. This person's cultivation is profound, and he's a first-class talent. If the Nine Swords Mystical Gate is not satisfied, they'll definitely want him to carry out various tasks. In this way, there are three strategies: best, middle, and worst." "Oh? Let's hear it. "Lou Baiyue's interest was piqued.

"The worst strategy is to deal with the situation as it comes and kill this person."

Jin Suibo stretched out a finger. "This is also where the laws of the Imperial Court are. Those who dare to offend the Heavenly Might must be killed no matter how far away they are. We will use powerful means to intimidate the Immortal Dao sects.

However, killing to stop killing will result in a blood feud that cannot be resolved. It's not a long-term plan. " "What about the middle and best strategies?" The Fourth asked.