Chapter 739
===========

"Feels good, this really feels good."

Gu Chensha stood in the chaotic space and looked at Fa Wuxian, "In so many years, I haven't had such a good fight. Fa Wuxian, I really have to thank you."

During these years, Gu Chensha really hadn't had a good fight with someone who was on the same level as him.

The enemies he faced were all extremely tyrannical. For instance, there were Warlock Saints, Immortal Masters, and all sorts of other ancient existences. He could only rely on the strength of the dimensional realm in order to contend with them. In addition, he could only use the Heavenly Dao Laws to lurk around, stir up trouble, steal, and use schemes to disrupt his enemies. Only like this could he increase his own strength and weaken his enemies.

In truth, Gu Chensha hoped that he could quickly become a strong existence and use strength to suppress everyone. He wanted to learn from Heaven Talisman Emperor.

But he was just too young and he didn't have enough time. He had only entered the world 18 years ago. Before that, his cultivation wasn't worth mentioning at all and he had pretty much wasted 14 years.

In 18 years, he could already deal with the old antiques that were born when the world was created. This was something that had never happened before.

"This person is actually so strong."

Fa Wuxian saw through Gu Chensha's strength, "If I didn't have the Endless Umbrella, I would have been killed by him. So, even if my realm is so much higher than his, I am still not his match? "

Even without the Endless Umbrella, Fa Wuxian was still a Dao Realm expert at the 32 Transformations, One Thought Connecting to Heaven. At such a realm, he could kill anyone below the God Realm with just a finger.

Logically speaking, even a Divine level expert at the 30th Transformation of the Dao Realm would be able to easily deal with someone at the 29th Transformation of the Dao Realm who had comprehended the primal chaos.

Even if 10 of them attacked together, they wouldn't be able to beat someone at the 30 Transformations.

To say nothing of the 31st Transformation, Void Creation, and the 32nd Transformation, A Single Thought Connects to the Heavens.

Fa Wuxian himself was born with the potential of a Saint and he had learned many techniques from the Dharma Saint. His Dao techniques and techniques were all top-notch. However, even though he had the Infinity Umbrella, he was still defeated by Gu Chensha with a single punch.

Fortunately, under the protection of the Infinity Umbrella, no matter how serious his injuries were, he could recover in an instant. This gave him the greatest qualification to fight it out with Gu Chensha.

"Gu Chensha, now that we're in the space-time turbulence, we can use all our techniques to our heart's content and fight to the death. That attack you used just now should be your most powerful technique. And I have yet to unleash my true power. "Fa Wuxian stared at Gu Chensha.

"Fa Wuxian, do you think you can escape now?"

Gu Chensha seemed to have seen through his thoughts and a smile appeared on his face. "My punch just now has already scared you out of your wits.

Actually, the Infinity Umbrella's strength is really huge. However, when it was first born, it was far from being used. If you can build a huge empire and gather billions of people to worship this umbrella, allowing it to grow and form the protection of the Heaven Realm, then even the Celestial Slaying God Punishing Gourd won't be able to do anything to you. Unfortunately, you've always been a loner and don't like to manage things. You feel that you can use strength to suppress everything. In this aspect, you are far from Jing Qiu. With your current Infinity Umbrella state, you won't be able to block a single strike from me. " "There's no point in talking so much. Let's fight."

Fa Wuxian quickly adjusted himself. Once again, a powerful aura surged out from his body, shaking the heavens and overturning the earth. His body moved, moving at high speed, closing in on Gu Chensha and attacking with eighteen palms. Each of these 18 attacks was an embodiment of a technique.

This was the true essence that Fa Wuxian had extracted from the Dharma Saint's ultimate skill. It was something that belonged to him.

The moment the 18 attacks appeared, they turned into 18 huge shadows. These shadows all looked like the Dharma Saint. After they appeared, they held onto iron scrolls and chanted the laws of the world. As for Fa Wuxian, his body turned into a Dharma Ring. This was all the Dharma Rings.

In an instant, a huge amount of power penetrated through the Infinity Umbrella. The umbrella spun rapidly, absorbing a huge amount of chaotic Qi and triggering some kind of source of the Land of Infinity.

"Gu Chensha, let me show you what true strength is now. The Infinity Umbrella is one of the 36 Treasures of Infinity. It can trigger the source of the Land of Infinity, which is the power of the Heaven Realm to attack. The essence of this power is even stronger than the Sun and Moon Lord Gu Tiansha's Sun and Moon Universe." Fa Wuxian's will turned into a torrent.

"18 attacks?

Making use of the source of the Land of Infinity to trigger a trace of the power of the Heaven Realm, using the power of the Heaven Realm to expand his skills to a certain limit. In other words, every single one of these 18 attacks is equivalent to the Dharma Saint attacking personally? "

When Gu Chensha saw everything, time seemed to have slowed down to a crawl in his eyes. There was no hint of panic on his face, as though everything was within his expectations.

Just what was so powerful and mysterious about the Infinity Treasure? His understanding of it was even more thorough than a reincarnated body like Fa Wuxian. The power of the Heaven Realm was not to be underestimated.

"Since that's the case, I'll just have to break through it with brute force. It's been a long time since I've utilized my true strength and had a good fight."

Gu Chensha placed his palms together and two streams of air flowed out of his body. One of them was peaceful and pure, as clear as the Heaven's Will. However, within that clarity, there was a bottomless abyss. At first glance, it would give one a feeling of peace and tranquility. But as time went by, it would give one a feeling of fear. This was the Heaven's Will.

That was how the Heaven's Will was. It was clear and pure, but one could not see through it, touch it, or even guess it. Thereafter, another stream of air appeared.

This stream of air was scarlet red, as though it could sweep through everything. As it swept through, the mountains, rivers, earth, sky, oceans, void, and universe were all about to be covered by this scarlet red stream of air. Wherever this stream of air reached, the rules there would shatter, and everything would be remade.

This was the phenomenon formed by Gu Chensha's Mortal People Heaven Mending Technique and Mortal People Heaven Reforming Technique.

The essence of these two phenomena were the Son of Heaven Investiture Technique and the Great God Slaughtering Technique. After going through the comprehension of Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue, they had finally merged with their own principles, original intentions, and the essence of their souls. Gu Chensha mended the Heaven with one hand and changed the Heaven with the other.

Facing the attacks of the 18 Dharma Saints formed by the 18 hands, he directly opened them. Two streams of air rose up like dragons. With just one strike, the attack of a Dharma Saint was blocked. Then, with a slight tremble, the body of the Dharma Saint shattered.

"The common people can mend the Heaven and also change the fate of the Heaven. The Heaven Dao Realm is ultimately going to decay. It has to be reformed in order to be reborn with vitality. Mending the Heaven is changing the Heaven, and changing the Heaven is also mending the Heaven. There is no difference."

Gu Chensha circled around, and the 18 Dharma Saints shattered one by one. In an instant, he attacked Fa Wuxian.

"All Dharma Halos!" Fa Wuxian's voice was filled with killing intent.

Under the cover of the Endless Umbrella, all the Dharma Halos that he transformed into spat out many small air halos. These small air halos were all the same Dharma Halos, and they shot towards Gu Chensha in a row. In an instant, billions of Dharma Halos surged over like a river of quicksand.

All these Dharma Halos were condensed by the Great Dao of Dharma. Each of them was equivalent to condensing all of Fa Wuxian's spiritual will, and it was equivalent to his full-powered attack.

"Gu Chensha, I heard that Lou Baiyue has mastered the Great Massacre God Technique, and he can actually condense the microscopic world and explode it. Now, what do you think about this technique of mine?" Fa Wuxian's body was hidden in the billions of sand-like Dharma Halos, and no one knew where he was.

"It is far inferior to the Great Massacre God Technique."

Gu Chensha's cold voice appeared in the sand-like Dharma Halos. He didn't move at all. Suddenly, he used the Life Mending Heaven Technique and the Life Reforming Heaven Technique. The clear air current and the scarlet air current intertwined with each other, and like two giant dragons and snakes, they bit each other. Then, with a slight spin, all the Dharma Halos were sucked in.

When the sand-like Dharma Halos were sucked into the whirlpool, they immediately shattered and were completely digested.

Gu Chensha took a large step forward and pressed on. "The attack of all these magic rings is your full power. You used the power of the Endless Umbrella to activate the source of the Heaven to help you. Unfortunately, this is not your own item after all. Even if a Warlock Saint personally came, this Great Massacre Divine Technique would be killed by this technique. You actually dare to compare this attack that borrowed external power with this technique?" Peng! Gu Chensha absorbed all the Dharma Halos, and the giant whirlpool pushed forward.

He just stood there in the space-time turbulence, and his entire body wasn't corroded by the space-time storm at all. The giant whirlpool formed by the Life Mending Heaven Technique and the Life Reforming Heaven Technique seemed to want to lock down all the space-time turbulence, and then change it all. The whirlpool instantly arrived above Fa Wuxian's head. Kacha kacha …

The Endless Umbrella once again gave off a cracking sound. Fa Wuxian, who was under the umbrella, looked at the giant whirlpool above. He knew that this was a matter of life and death. He never expected that Gu Chensha's own strength would actually be so strong!

During the battle, he had already sensed that Gu Chensha indeed didn't use the power of the medium-sized world, and he didn't use any magic treasures either. He was completely using his own Heaven Path Technique. When he used this technique, it produced all sorts of unbelievable changes.

"Is he really so strong?

My realm is higher than his, and my magic treasures are endless treasures. I am the Son of the Heaven Realm with the most opportunities and luck in this world, and yet I'm still not his match? I can't accept this! "

Even at this moment, Fa Wuxian still didn't despair. What replaced it was an intense unwillingness and desire to live. After all, Fa Wuxian was Fa Wuxian. Deep in his bones, there was an extremely vicious imprint. A strong sense of unwillingness brewed in his heart, forming an inexplicable force. In a daze, he seemed to see the Endless Land, the whole picture of the Endless World.

Between heaven and earth, there was no existence that could clearly see how big the Endless Land was. But at this moment, he seemed to see the whole picture.

"I am the Son of the Heaven Realm!"

All the aura on Fa Wuxian's body suddenly started to condense, and a Sage's Heart of Truth was about to be born!