Chapter 776
===========

"This kid is really too terrifying." It wasn't just the three old-timers. Deep down, even Xing Qiongshi was terrified of Gu Chensha.

Right now, Xing Qiongshi knew that if he were to fight against Gu Chensha alone, he would definitely not be able to withstand the other party's refinement, killing and suppression.

"Our cooperation is just a facade. He'll plot against me sooner or later, but there's nothing I can do except work with him. Otherwise, the three celestials will try to refine me.

In any case, he can only use my power to deal with the Immortal Lord, Wan Senshi. "As Xing Qiongshi's thoughts spun, his Divine God Grand Magic improved yet again.

In the Land of Ash, the environment was so dangerous that even celestials would perish here. However, the three old-timers who stood at the peak of the world were actually able to resist the environment and use it to kill their enemies.

"We can't let him go on like this. He's using his own body to transform into the Divine God Gourd. He's using the power of the Divine God Gourd to evolve the dao of primordial chaos and fuse with the dao of the Divine God Gourd to perfect his cultivation base. Celestial Victorious Battle, the power of your Primordial Chaos Tree is actually nourishing him.

"It was a mistake for us to lure him into the Land of Ash. The mist and dust here are the best materials for him to forge items.

This allowed him to rapidly transform his own world into a minor dimension, or even a dimensional dimension. Even if a Heavenly Life realm cultivator wanted to refine a dimensional dimension, they would still need an extremely long period of time to slowly accumulate before they could finally succeed.

But he's different. With his Heaven-Dao Magic, he can create anything and everything. Now that he's a god-level expert, he'll be even more terrifying. "The will of the Immortal Lord was communicating with Wan Senshi and Celestial Victorious Battle.

"I guess I'll have to use my most powerful attack."

Wan Senshi threw his hands up into the air, causing an enormous violet lightning bolt to appear above his head. That lightning bolt contained countless profound and profound things, including the essence of the immortal dao, the foundation of the immortal dao. "Let's see if you can stand up to the fury of the immortal world, boy!"

This move of Wan Senshi's was called the Rage of the Immortal World, and it contained the true rage of the Immortal World. Wan Senshi was able to summon the rage of countless fallen immortals, which transformed into a bolt of lightning that locked down onto Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha shuddered. He seemed to have seen a huge world dimension that was filled with anger and hostility towards him. That was the world of immortals.

He couldn't escape, because he knew that this was Wan Senshi's killer move, and it had already locked onto him. Even if he fled to the ends of the earth, he wouldn't be able to escape the wrath of the Immortal World. He might as well not resist.

"Divine Land Gourd, absorb!"

He withdrew all of his power into the Divine Land Gourd and slowly opened it, aiming the mouth of the gourd at the Rage of the Immortal World. He was going to devour it as well.

"Hmph!"

When Immortal Master Wan saw this, a cold smile appeared on his face. He pushed with both hands and the huge Immortal World's Wrath was pushed out. Whoosh! The Rage of the Immortal World was absorbed by Gu Chensha's Divine Land Gourd. Something seemed to explode inside the Divine Land Gourd, as if something inside was disintegrating. Crack, crack! Purple cracks appeared on Gu Chensha's Divine Land Gourd.

"No matter how strong you are, you can't resist the will of the entire Immortal World. The wrath of the Immortal World is enough to seriously injure you! Now's the time! "Wan Senshi roared.

"It's a good time indeed. Kill!"

Victorious Heavenly Venerate was also surprised by the power of Wan Senshi's Rage of the Immortal World. However, he didn't have the time to analyze it. He had to deal a fatal blow to Gu Chensha.

"Three Elements Return to One, Brother Yuan Gu, Brother Pu Tuo, come out! Primordial Strike! Heavenly Yuan Secret Kill! "

At Victorious Heavenly Venerate's summon, a tree branch broke through the endless layers of space-time and arrived here.

Two figures appeared. One was a middle-aged man wearing a scholar's robe. He held a scroll in his hand and exuded a noble aura. This was Heavenly Venerate Yuan Gu.

The other person looked like a man or a woman. He had a beautiful face and circles of light behind him made him look even more compassionate than a supreme Buddha. This was Heavenly Venerate Pu Tuo. The three Heavenly Venerates had finally appeared in their true forms to kill Gu Chensha.

Heavenly Venerate Yuan Gu and Heavenly Venerate Pu Tuo did not say anything when they appeared. They wanted to end the battle quickly. Buzz …

The three Heavenly Venerates suddenly turned into a stream of vital energy and gathered together. Three Pure Ones Return to One Qi. This was the Heavenly Yuan Secret Kill. With a speed that surpassed everything, it bombarded the area outside of Gu Chensha's bottle gourd. Bang! Finally, Gu Chensha's Divine Land Bottle Gourd could not hold on any longer and exploded.

However, at this moment, the three Heavenly Venerates and Wan Senshi were forced back by the explosion of the Divine Land Bottle Gourd. The Immortal Master wanted to take advantage of this opportunity to attack, but Xing Qiongshi was faster than them.

"Divine Land Invincible, Three Thousand Transformations!" Rumble!

Xing Qiongshi turned into a beam of light that engulfed the exploding Gu Chensha. He turned into a Divine Land Bottle Gourd again and shot out a dimensional realm that exploded.

Xing Qiongshi had just refined a dimensional realm, but after he engulfed Gu Chensha, he did not hesitate to explode it. How long did it take to refine a dimensional realm? How many opportunities were needed? How many savings? How many materials? But Xing Qiongshi had given up on them just like that. After all, he had obtained Gu Chensha.

The explosive power of the dimensional realm nullified all of the Immortal Master's attacks. Wan Senshi and the three Heavenly Venerates were forced to retreat.

Laughing heartily, Xing Qiongshi vanished without a trace. "Thank you, everyone. I've finally succeeded. Once I capture that brat and refine him, I'll be the most powerful person in the world.

When I appear, I'll definitely reach the Sky Origin Realm. That will be the time for you to submit to me. If you don't, only death awaits you. " "After him!" Heavenly Venerate Victorious Doer shouted.

"There's no need."

Heavenly Venerate Yuan Gu stopped Heavenly Venerate Victorious Doer. "It's not like we don't know what Xing Qiongshi is capable of. His cultivation base is much stronger than before, and he can borrow the power of the Divine Land. The world is so big. If he wants to hide, there's nothing we can do." "That's true!"

Heavenly Venerate Victorious Doer nodded and stopped chasing. "But he actually took away that kid Gu Chensha. If he really refines him, I'm afraid no one in this world will be able to do anything to him." "It's not that simple," the Immortal Master said.

"Even the will of the Heavenly World couldn't do anything to that kid. Compared to the will of the Heavenly World, Xing Qiongshi is nothing more than a firefly. He might be the fiercest person in the Divine Land, but he's still a living being. We've miscalculated this time."

"That's right. That kid knew that Xing Qiongshi would plot against him, so he intentionally suffered our attacks and allowed Xing Qiongshi to take him away. Xing Qiongshi definitely wouldn't be able to resist refining him and falling into his trap."

Wan Senshi said. "If that happens, I'm afraid Xing Qiongshi will be the one to refine him. What should we do then?"

"Unfortunately, Xing Qiongshi is truly ruthless. It wasn't easy for him to restore his dimensional realm, but he didn't hesitate to explode it. If he didn't explode, he wouldn't have been able to escape our encirclement," Heavenly Venerate Putuo said. "He abandoned his dimensional realm just like that."

"The dimensional realm we refined is connected to our own lives. Once we abandon it, our tens of thousands of years of bitter cultivation will go up in smoke. More importantly, we'll lose the foundation of our operations and the source of our sacrifices," Heavenly Venerate Victorious Doer said. "Who knows how many years it'll take to refine it again? Xing Qiongshi abandoned it just like that. This must be part of that kid's scheme.

Only by using himself as bait will he be able to force Xing Qiongshi to abandon his dimensional realm and stop us.

That kid's schemes are truly terrifying. Unfortunately, there's nothing we can do now. Are we supposed to wait for that kid to completely refine Xing Qiongshi? " "It won't be easy to refine Xing Qiongshi."

Heavenly Venerate Yuan Gu narrowed his eyes. "I have to admit, that kid has already become our greatest enemy." "Then what about Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha?" Heavenly Venerate Victorious Doer asked.

"He's also an extremely terrifying existence," Heavenly Venerate Empyrean Yuan Gu said, narrowing his eyes. "However, I have to admit that the kid has already become our greatest enemy. His ambition is unparalleled in this world."

Heavenly Venerate Empyrean Yuan Gu said, "But now, we need to seize this opportunity to attack the Celestial Calmness Agency. While that kid and Xing Qiongshi are fighting each other, the Celestial Calmness Agency will be leaderless, and we'll overthrow everything under the heavens and proceed according to our plan." "Is that so?" The Immortal Master suddenly laughed coldly. "According to your plan? Then what about my Celestial Designer Institution? "

"The Celestial Designer Institution's goal is to destroy the Celestial Calmness Agency, gain control of the entire Central Divine Prefecture, and establish the ideal nation you want to establish. This ultimate goal is in conflict with our ideals, but we can temporarily join forces and divide up the Celestial Calmness Agency. We'll all benefit. "

Heavenly Venerate Empyrean Yuan Gu said, "Have you noticed? Last time, when Gu Chensha suffered a tribulation, Gu Taxian's medallion didn't have any effect. That means that the Heavenly Daos are starting to suppress Gu Taxian. Or perhaps both sides are exhausted. A battle on this level might seem completely out of our reach, but by observing the falling leaves, we can foretell autumn. Now that both the Heavenly Daos and Gu Taxian are collapsing, that's our best chance. We can break through our shackles and reach a higher level." "That's right. Let's temporarily form an alliance," said Heavenly Venerate Empyrean Yuan Gu.

Wan Senshi said, "Dou Sheng, Primordial Empyrean, Subhutuo, the three of you might be juniors to me, but given your current strength, you're definitely qualified to stand on equal footing with me.