Chapter 755
===========

After chatting with Wen Hong for a few hours, Gu Chensha had gained a rough understanding of the current state of affairs in the Central Plains, and even the rest of the world. The Central Plains was still filled with noble clans. True Gods, Evil Gods, and Evil Gods spread their faith everywhere, and demons occasionally appeared. The immortal dao was high above, and viewed the Imperial Court as nothing more than an ant.

Even if Wen Hong had obtained the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree, it wouldn't have fundamentally changed anything. Of course, if Wen Hong wasn't the Son of Heaven, the Imperial Court would have an even harder time.

Even the Emperor could be deposed at any time. Any disciple of the immortal dao could come and go as they pleased in the Imperial Court and be worshipped as an Immortal Master by the Emperor.

In addition, even demons and monsters could infiltrate the Imperial Court and confuse the ministers and even the Emperor. Who knew how many major events had occurred since ancient times?

In short, as far as Gu Chensha was concerned, the history of the Central Plains was nothing more than a farce that had brought no benefit to the common people.

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor had changed the situation in the real world, and in the dream world, Gu Chensha wanted to do the same.

"The Thunder Clan is the most arrogant. They killed the Imperial Court's officials, and their disciples are arrogant and despotic. I'll slay the God of Thunder first, then the Thunder Clan."

In the blink of an eye, Gu Chensha shot up into the sky, into the midst of the starry sky, and into the kingdom of the gods.

The kingdoms of the gods were very far away from each other, and they were well hidden, avoiding each other. After all, the gods were enemies, and they would do anything to compete for faith. This was true even for the Righteous Gods, to say nothing of the Evil Gods.

In the real world, Gu Taxian had sealed countless True Gods, so Gu Chensha should be able to slay the God of Thunder. With a slight flicker, he arrived at the God of Thunder's kingdom.

The God of Thunder's kingdom was extremely far away from the ground. Even a God wouldn't be able to reach it in a short time. However, Gu Chensha's speed was already equivalent to a peak Saint of the thirty-fifth or thirty-sixth Transformation. With the Divine Land Gourd and the power of Xing Qiongshi's head, he could quickly reach the sky and approach the stars.

"That's the Thunder God's True God Nation, which is also a Lesser Chiliocosm."

Gu Chensha could tell at a glance that within the layers of space and time, there was a silvery-white sphere, within which there seemed to be billions of lightning bolts exploding and vibrating.

Gu Chensha didn't even look at it. He directly transformed into the Heavenly Dao technique and infiltrated it. This move of his was very handy.

Back then, when he was still at a lower realm, he had ruthlessly played the Dharma Saint once, let alone now. He entered the God of Thunder's Divine Kingdom.

As soon as Gu Chensha entered, he saw the Thunder God sitting on a True God throne, cultivating some kind of cultivation technique.

This minor chiliocosm was the kingdom of a true god, and it was filled with thunder and lightning. There were no humans at all. Instead, there were giant spirits made of thunder and lightning. Of course, the Thunder God's faith came from the Thunder Prefecture and the Thunder Clan.

Not only did the Thunder Clan disciples come day and night to worship him, but they also helped him spread his faith outside, expanding his faith.

Right now, there was a pond in front of the Thunder God. It was thousands of kilometers wide and bottomless, and contained the power of sacrifices. In other words, it was the power of the souls of countless believers, all of which were gathered in the pond. The Thunder God's cultivation was to refine the worship power of these believers.

The Thunder God's appearance wasn't very fierce. Instead, he looked like a young man, and his eyes were filled with billions of lightning bolts. In addition, he had a refined temperament, like a scholar, which was very different from the Thunder God's style.

However, Gu Chensha knew that the Thunder God was sinister and vicious, and loved to kill. Often, he would send down divine retribution, and kill his enemies with one strike of lightning. In addition, even his own believers, if they weren't devout, would be turned into charcoal. The Thunder God was the most vicious of gods. Because of this, the Lei Family had been nurtured to have a domineering personality.

Thunder God grabbed the large amount of sacrificial power in the pool. Then, he used his Real God Power to refine and break down the sacrificial power. In the end, he managed to refine a lightning-like ball of light. Thunder God clawed at Thunder God's hand and used his Real God Power to refine the sacrificial power. This was the Thunder Intent.

This kind of worship power was very compatible with the Thunder God's Origin. This way, he could slowly absorb the Thunder Intent within the worship power to strengthen his Origin and eventually break through to a certain realm. Rumble!

Suddenly, the Thunder God let out a long howl in his True God Country. "Heavenly Venerate, I want to become a Heavenly Venerate, so I need even more worship power. Right now, it's not enough.

Also, in my True God Kingdom, I still need a primordial spirit treasure that is compatible with my origin to suppress it.

Currently, the Cosmos Profound Gate's Cosmos Lightning Pool is the most suitable. I must obtain it. "

"Thunder God, you're pretty ambitious. You actually want to obtain the Universe Lightning Pool. You're pretty strong, but you're still lacking compared to Chang Weiyang's Dao of Mutants. How dare you be so arrogant?" Gu Chensha's voice rang out.

"Who is it?"

The Thunder God's eyes lit up. He was shocked. There was actually someone who could infiltrate his True God Country without a trace. This was something that even a Heavenly Venerate would find hard to do.

"It's me. But even if I tell you, you won't be able to recognize me."

Gu Chensha appeared with the Divine Land Gourd in his hand. "Xing Qiongshi, eat the Thunder God now. Eat his True God position and his main body. Then, eat his God Country. The worship power that has been accumulated for thousands of years should taste pretty good." "Xing Qiongshi!"

When the Thunder God heard this name, he almost jumped up. Although he was a True God, he couldn't compare to Xing Qiongshi, who had torn apart the ancient Heavenly Sons. Even the three Heavenly Venerates and many ancient Heavenly Sons had to work together to suppress him. Gu Chensha took advantage of his shock to throw the Divine Land Gourd. Instantly, the Divine Land Gourd emitted a strong suction force that enveloped the Thunder God.

The Thunder God's cultivation was very strong, and he was in his own chiliocosm. Unfortunately, Gu Chensha used the power of the Divine Land to control every corner of the chiliocosm. He temporarily suppressed the power of the chiliocosm. Then, the Divine Land Gourd produced a suction force that enveloped the Thunder God's main body.

Gu Chensha's own strength was already very strong. With the addition of Xing Qiongshi's power, the Thunder God really couldn't resist at all. Ah! The Thunder God let out a scream. His body was sucked in inch by inch, and he was immediately stored in the Divine Land Gourd. The Divine Land Gourd let out a thunderous roar. Unfortunately, it was useless.

"Heaven Path True Technique, form and transform into common people."

Naturally, Gu Chensha wouldn't let Xing Qiongshi swallow the Thunder God. The moment the Thunder God was sucked into the gourd, his Heaven Path Technique seeped into the Thunder God's body and started to change it. All sorts of powers, all sorts of transformations, all sorts of abilities were gathered together.

In an instant, the Divine Thunder encountered a calamity. Of course, he wasn't killed. Instead, he was transformed. He was changed into the Common People's Marquis.

Gu Chensha sucked out all the power of the Martial Emperor, the heart of a deviant, and all sorts of treasures to form the Common People's Marquis.

The Thunder God wasn't as strong as the Martial Emperor in the past, so it was easy for Gu Chensha to suck out his power and turn him into the Common People's Marquis. Weng … The Divine Land Gourd shook, and the will of the Thunder God slowly disappeared within. Then, a new Common People's Marquis was born.

With the Common People's Marquis, the situation within the Divine Land Gourd was totally different. This time, Xing Qiongshi didn't get any benefits, but he had no choice. He was only left with this head which was suppressed by Gu Chensha. He could only listen to Gu Chensha's orders.

With one more Common People's Marquis in the Divine Land Gourd, the suppression on him was much stronger.

"Thunder God Priest!"

Gu Chensha could clearly sense that the head of the Xingqiong Clan was dissatisfied. However, he didn't care. If the complete Xingqiong Clan had recovered its full strength, he would be a little worried. But now, everything was under his control.

He sucked once more, and all the thousands of years of accumulation of the Thunder God Priest was sucked into the God Land Gourd. Xing Qiongshi's will within was suppressed to its limit.

"You, you didn't want to help me at all." Xing Qiongshi hollered in rage.

"I'm just helping you."

Gu Chensha didn't say much. He moved once more, and the God Land Gourd changed. It actually sucked in the Thunder God Country. This was a small-sized world. When it was sucked into the God Land Gourd, the God Land Gourd completed its transformation. The Thunder God Country disappeared just like that.

Finally, after the God Land Gourd absorbed so much power, Xing Qiongshi's will was totally locked up and unable to move. The power of his head was totally used by Gu Chensha.

"This is not enough. I need to kill a few more True Gods and refine them all into the God Land Gourd. Only then will I be able to refine Xing Qiongshi." Gu Chensha knew about it.

His body moved and he landed on the ground once more. He flashed and appeared on the throne in the reading room.

At this moment, Wen Hong opened his eyes as if he had woken up from his meditation. "The Thunder God's Divine Kingdom has disappeared. Did you kill him?" "Not bad."

Gu Chensha held the God Land Gourd and a terrifying aura spread out, "So what if I killed a True God?

I want to change the God Land. In the future, I will have to kill many gods. However, Thunder God is at the forefront. Next, I will kill some evil gods. "