Chapter 629
===========

The Wish Tree was modeled after the Primordial Mist Tree. It bore the weight of worlds, and the worlds communicated with each other. In a sense, once the agreement was reached, the Taiyi Mystical Gate, the Celestial Dance Gate, the Mystical Gate of the Universe, Wen Hong's Microcosm World, and the Common People's Wish sphere would become a magic treasure. At that time, how powerful would this magic treasure be? No one could say for sure.

Furthermore, with the help of the Department of Tranquility, the Minor Worlds of the various Mystical Gates would undergo earth-shattering changes.

For example, Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya were prepared to help Wen Hong with his Minute Dust World, helping him complete the transformation of his Minor Chiliocosm.

In the past, the Department of Tranquility had spent a great deal of time, energy, and good fortune to complete the transformation of the Minor World. But things were different now. With so many businesses, it was much easier to operate them.

That was normal. It was extremely difficult for a commoner to earn a fortune. It would take most of his life.

But once he did, he could use that fortune to earn the same amount of wealth. Perhaps it would only take him a few months.

The higher one's cultivation base, the easier it was to accomplish things that had previously been difficult. Thus, helping Wen Hong condense his Minor World wasn't difficult at all.

"That's a good plan. With the Wish Tree as the foundation, we can link the worlds together."

Wen Hong laughed. "The Lord of Seven Stars really is amazing. However, I appreciate your and Gu Chensha's good intentions. I can't take advantage of you. If we work together, I have a precious treasure that should be enough to keep the situation under control." As he spoke, Wen Hong's Microcosm World appeared in his palm.

Within that tiny world of dust, a magical treasure appeared. It was a gigantic cauldron, with many ancient Mythological beasts carved onto its surface. There were also the Divine Central Continent, the Eastern Wastelands, the Wildlands, the Oceans, the Desert, and many other places of the Endless Mainland.

Although the cauldron didn't reveal all of the Land of Infinity, not even the Saints would know what was on it.

"This cauldron! It's the Infinity Cauldron!

Of course, it's one of the connate treasures born with the Land of Infinity. It's also one of its sons. "

When Chang Weiyang saw the cauldron, she was taken aback. "Rumor has it that there are 36 treasures in the Land of Infinity. If you collect all of them, you will be able to wield a portion of the authority of the entire land. How did you get this treasure? "

"Nowadays, everyone has their own fortuitous encounters. Even a commoner who uses a hoe to dig the ground can have a fortuitous encounter. Why can't I have a fortuitous encounter?" Wen Hong smiled. "The Land of Infinity is the largest world, the Endless World. Minute Dust World, Minor Chiliocosm, Medium Chiliocosm, Great Chiliocosm, and Endless World.

In the chaotic flow of time and space, the universe is boundless, and there are a few Boundless Worlds that give birth to powerful beings. However, in the boundless world, the one we live in is the only one, and it might be the only one. " "As expected of the Son of Destiny."

Tai Xuan said, "The fortuitous encounters you get are extraordinary. You have the Endless Cauldron, and your world can merge with the source of the Endless World. Your cultivation speed is not something we can compare to. This cauldron has the ability to create all things, and it has many uses. Now that you have this treasure, other treasures might fall into your hands." Zhuge Ya was surprised.

It was true that everyone in the world had a fortuitous encounter, but Wen Hong's fortuitous encounter was a little too big. He had actually obtained one of the 36 Sons of the Land of Infinity.

Rumor had it that when the Land of Infinity itself was in danger, the 36 Sons of the Land of Infinity would reincarnate into the human world to maintain order. Now, one of the 36 Sons, the Endless Cauldron, had fallen into the hands of Wen Hong.

The power and use of the Endless Cauldron were much greater than that of the Dragon Zither. The endless power in the cauldron was even more mysterious and immeasurable.

"If we are talking about fortuitous encounters, Wen Hong's luck will probably be unparalleled in the future."

Zhuge Ya thought to himself, "If it wasn't for the sudden appearance of the Emperor, he would be the protagonist of the entire world. Even now, I'm afraid he will have great potential in the future."

"Then it's settled." Ji Qingwu of the Celestial Dance Mystic Sect said, "I have to go back and convince some stubborn old men in the sect." "That's understandable."

Zhuge Ya knew that the Sect Masters of the 72 Ancient Mystical Sects could not possibly decide on such a big matter. They would have to go back and discuss it before voting together.

Fortunately, Tai Xuandu was a Saint himself, the number one expert in the sect. This time, he had made the right arrangements, activating the Taiyi Pearl, obtaining the orthodoxy of the Lord of Taiyi, and suppressing all the experts in the sect. There would be no opposition. If he failed this time, he would probably be impeached by the God level old ancestors in the sect.

As for Chang Weiyang, she was much better off. In the Universe Mystical Sect, her words were basically the law. This was because the founder of the Universe Mystical Sect was her father, Chang Yuzhou, and her own cultivation had already surpassed her father's. The 36 Transformations was an anomaly in the Embodiment Transformation Realm. What kind of weight was that?

With this kind of cultivation, even if she entered the Heaven and Earth Mystical Sect, her words would carry enormous weight. Now, compared to Chang Weiyang, the Sect Master of the Heaven and Earth Mystical Sect was inferior.

This way, Ji Qingwu still had not reached the point where she could truly control the sect and do whatever she said.

"Don't be in a hurry to leave. Let's comprehend the memories of the Dharma Saint together."

Zhuge Ya's spiritual consciousness suddenly surged, transmitting a huge amount of memories into the sea of consciousness of everyone present. Immediately, all the experts present began to comprehend.

These people were all supreme sect masters, and they understood almost immediately. They had stood at the peak of power for many years, operating the Heavenly Dao, and comprehending the vicissitudes of life. Their memories and comprehension of the Dharma Saint were even more profound. A few hours passed, and the first to open his eyes was Wen Hong.

He slowly let out a breath. "The Dharma Saint is indeed powerful. He actually used this method to resist the call of the Heavenly Dao. For us, this is indeed very useful, but we can't learn this method of the Dharma Saint. Instead, we have to use our own methods. Fortunately, this Dharma Saint's thinking is worth learning, and it has opened another door for us."

Chang Weiyang was the second to wake up. Countless spiritual lights kept flickering on her body. "So that's how it is. The Dharma Saint's comprehension and my comprehension are actually diametrically opposed. But if we combine them, there will be the wonderful effect of Yin and Yang complementing each other."

"Sect Master Wei Yang has taken another step forward on the path of breaking through. I don't know when she can truly break through. If you become a Celestial Venerable, then we can use your power to operate our dimensional realm. Then, we can truly devour the Heaven and Earth Mystical Sect," Zhuge Ya said.

In the past, before the Calming Immortal Department's Sphere of People's Will had been upgraded to a Minor Chiliocosm, experts couldn't enter it to help condense it. Otherwise, there would be suspicions of usurping the host. But now that the dimensional realm was complete, there was no need to worry about this. The ownership of the world itself wouldn't change. This was also the reason why Zhuge Ya had contacted the several great Mystical Sects this time. Now that he had become a God Realm expert, his control over many matters would increase.

"How could becoming a Celestial Venerable be so easy? Although I have obtained the experiences of the Dharma Saint, that is only a bit more knowledge and vision. If I want to become a Celestial Venerable and truly transcend the world, it is impossible to rely on the wisdom of others. I must use my own wisdom and perseverance to overcome the shackles of the Heavenly Dao and break through to the next realm. Breaking through to the peak of the 36 Transformations is no longer as easy as condensing Laws and absorbing energy. Rather, I will have to abandon everything I already have," Chang Weiyang said.

"Abandon everything?" Zhuge Ya was stunned.

"That's right. This is what it means to jump out of the Three Realms and not be within the Five Elements. The other meaning is death.

Those who break through to this realm are in fact already dead. And it is precisely because they are dead that they will never die again. But this kind of death is different from the death of a Saint who fuses with the Heavenly Dao.

For example, after a person dies, they fuse with the earth and turn to dust. That is death. But some people who die won't fuse with the Heavenly Dao. Instead, they will be rejected by the Heavenly Dao. That is a different kind. "

"If I want to become an exalted celestial, transcend the three realms, and transcend the five elements, then I will have to go into seclusion. I will die, and then face the world with a dead body. The transformations will be profound and mysterious, and will be difficult to explain. I'll share my enlightenment with you." Chang Weiyang's eyes shone with bright light, a light that contained her own principles.

"We might as well condense our own comprehensions and combine them together. With one heart and one mind, we might be able to derive something completely new," Wen Hong said.

"Of course." Tai Xuan wouldn't object.

Immediately, the crowd unleashed their comprehensions. Balls of light wriggled in the air and combined with one another. The wisdom of the crowd gathered once again, and in that instant, countless calculations were made.

In the end, everyone's wisdom shone brightly and turned into light that drilled into the depths of their minds. Shh …

Everyone let out a long sigh. "As expected, if we work together, we can derive many things that we normally wouldn't be able to comprehend. We are all Sect Leaders, and each sect has its own secrets. Normally, we wouldn't hold back like this. But now, the Celestial Tranquility Department is so generous that they even shared the secrets of the Dharma Saint. In addition, they also shared the secrets of the ancient Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang. If it weren't for that, we wouldn't have been able to work together to comprehend them." "We've gained a lot this time," Ji Qingwu said.

"My cultivation base has improved a lot. I've improved our Heavenly Dance Mystical Sect's dance to the point where it's invisible, formless, traceless, lifeless, and indestructible. It has merged with the Daoist teachings left behind by our founder, the Dance God. Now we have the right to speak in the sect."