Chapter 849
===========

Gu Chensha never showed himself. Even when Xuan Xin, Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, Gu Danjian, and Gu Changjian attacked the imperial harem, he remained calm. He only used his cultivation to channel the sacrificial power stored in the Celestial Tranquility Department into the Innate Mother Formation, allowing the Innate Mother Formation to extract the maternal nature of heaven and earth. He also obtained the method to extract the maternal nature of heaven and earth, allowing his cultivation to reach the highest realm of the thirty-six transformations.

Peak of the 36 Transformations, he was good at using the energy of heaven and earth and chaotic energy. With a thought, he could create all sorts of freedom and do whatever he wanted. In the ancient scriptures, it was recorded that his Transformations could be called Heaven. In other words, it was his Embodiment Transformation. However, this realm was still under the control of the Heavenly Dao and it wasn't restricted. But when one reached this realm, one's combat strength would definitely increase by a lot.

This was especially so for Gu Chensha. Ever since he had ascended to the God Tier, the difficulty of increasing his cultivation level was probably the most difficult in the world. Every increase in cultivation level was much more difficult than the advancement of some old antiques from the Celestial Sovereign realm to the Heaven Longevity realm. This was especially true after he became a Saint. The difficulty of Gu Chensha increasing his cultivation level was even more difficult than advancing from the Heaven Longevity realm to the Heaven Origin realm.

Luckily, with his wisdom and determination, along with the changes in the Heavenly Dao, the treasures, and the experts from the Ancient Celestial Court, he finally forged his foundation. Now, he was just a step away from Heaven Realm.

"The human heart is really a good thing. The power of the Divine Land and the hearts of the people are all treasures.

No wonder everyone wants to control the Divine Land. However, extracting the human heart is much more complicated than extracting the chaos. If the chaos is like using a knife to cut up beef and mutton, then extracting the human heart is like breaking down tiny ants and fleas. Even Heaven Life Realm and Heaven Essence Realm can't use it freely. After extracting the mother nature from the human heart, my cultivation has become much thicker.

Father is really amazing. If not for the Mother Formation, how could I understand the theory of the mother nature? "

Gu Chensha comprehended, "The calamity has begun and I need to use the methods I prepared. Since that is the case, then I will swallow Jin Tian Wang and Chaotic Desolate Dragon Sect." Calming Immortal Department's Sin Prefecture City branch.

Chu Feng was talking to the reincarnated teenager of Literati Star. All of a sudden, his whole body trembled, and a shocked expression appeared on his face. "The great tribulation has actually begun in advance, and it has been started by people like Xuan Xin and Jing Qiu? Good, this is simply too good.

Sure enough, there were brave warriors who dared to be the first in the world, especially that Jing Qiu. He wanted to start the tribulation early on, and although he failed, he did not regret it even if he died nine times. This was courage.

No wonder he was recognized by the Heavenly Dao. It was only right for him to obtain the Innocuous Heavenly King's Source.

That Jing Fanxing is a piece of trash in comparison. Now, he's actually relying on the Calming Immortal Department. If he doesn't die, who will? " "Heavenly King, what should we do now?"

The reincarnated youth of Literati Star said, "I've joined the Tranquil Immortal Department these days, and I only feel that its structure is strict and extremely terrifying. It's impossible for me to stir up trouble in this organization and cause a huge commotion. But now that the great calamity has begun, our chance has come." "That's right. This is our best chance. Prepare to attack at any time."

An expression of having a plan appeared on Chu Feng's face. "This Heavenly King has planned ahead and subdued three thousand True Gods. I used the sacrifices of the True Gods to nurture the Primeval Dragon Gate, causing it to start transforming. Since that's the case, I will activate the final part of the plan.

Chu Feng laughed coldly. "The way I see it, the heavenly kings of Zenith Heaven, Primal Chaos, East Flower, and Wisdom are about to come out and fight for credit. They'll work together with the Lord of the Four Wilds. " "Then we need to act immediately?" The reincarnated Literati Star rubbed his palms together.

"No, let's not act just yet. I've already had God Maha contact the old subordinates of the Devils, as well as many of their old-timers. They'll launch another Devil-Calamity and launch a counterattack against the Divine Prefecture.

Last time, the hundreds of thousands of Devils had been defeated by Gu Chensha. However, the old-timers hadn't died. Instead, they'd gone into hiding in the depths of the Devil Domain. They'd joined forces to attack once more.

At the very least, we can turn Sin Province into a sea of fire. These humans haven't felt the might of the Heavenly Dao for a long time, so they've forgotten everything. They're all starting to believe in the crooked ways of the Yongchō and the Tranquil Immortal Bureau. We're going to purge them. "Chu Feng's voice grew sinister and murderous.

"That's right, but that's just how the human heart is. Given the slightest chance, they'll swell up quickly. Human desires are limitless, and the Heavenly Dao has given them the chance to cultivate. Even if they're pitifully weak, they're already beginning to pry into the secrets of the Heavenly Dao. Not only that, they're also trying to evade its rules."

The reincarnated Literati Star looked at the common people with disdain. "That's just how the human heart is. Give them an inch, and they want a foot. Even the Heavenly Dao can't fathom them. That's why the Heavenly Dao has sent down all sorts of tribulations in hopes that the human heart will restrain itself and refrain from doing anything that defies the Heavenly Dao.

Nowadays, people's hearts are corrupted. I hope to spread my writings to straighten out the Heavenly Dao and cleanse the chaotic fate.

This is my duty as the Literati Star. Unfortunately, the Martial Star's thoughts are spoiled and he still refuses to come to his senses. In the future, when he dies without a burial place, he only has himself to blame. "

"This is your duty. I know that when your essay comes out, it will definitely be shocking. However, there's no rush right now. When the Celestial Calmness Department is eliminated and the world is pacified, you'll need your essay."

Chu Feng replied, "God Maha will be the ruler of the Demon World in the future. His worship is very useful to me.

His mission is to contact the demons and launch an attack. Your mission is to contact the reincarnated stars and launch a rebellion against the Yongchō. Kill the officials, win the hearts of the people, and even assassinate the disciples of the Calming Immortal Department. " "Yes!" The reincarnated Literati Star said, "I will definitely accomplish this."

In the depths of the Ancient Demon Realm, there were countless layers of pitch-black, seemingly solid demonic energy. This demonic energy condensed together and was as hard as the strongest divine stone. There was no way to shake it. Even a Demon God wouldn't be able to enter the depths of the Demon Realm. Only a few ancient demons, existences born from the primal chaos that inherited the demonic nature of the primal chaos, could build nests and survive in the solid demonic energy. They could establish their own Demon Palaces and live freely.

At this time, God Maha had arrived at a huge Demon Palace. This was the Primordial Heart Devil's Demon Palace. It had been abandoned for a long time, but it was still the place where many of the ancient demons held their meetings.

Not long after God Maha arrived, powerful demonic phantoms appeared in the ancient Demon Palace. Some of these phantoms were at the Empyrean realm, while others were at the Heavenly Longevity realm. This was the greatest foundation in the depths of the Demon Realm. These Xiantian Demon Elders were ancient beings born from the primal chaos. Throughout the dynasties, they had never appeared in the Devil Calamity. This was because they didn't need to appear, and the Heavenly Dao didn't give them the command to do so. But now, they had to come out and cause chaos.

"Everyone, last time you sensed the summons of the Heavenly Daos, the devil essence was stirred. You came out to cause chaos in the Divine Prefecture and destroy heaven-defying existences. Alas, you were defeated by a bolt of lightning. Today, the tribulation is about to begin. You'll have to act again." "God Maha, your title as the King of Hell is nothing but a joke. Why are you ordering us now?"

An ancient demonic shadow emitted a bloodthirsty psychic wave. "The demonic essence is indeed restless. However, I feel that we demons should deduce a true king to preside over the overall situation. We should gain the upper hand in this great calamity and lay a good foundation for the establishment of the Devil World in the future. We can't just be cannon fodder. We can't just fight head-on against the Calming Immortal Department. Don't you think so? " "It's simple. We really do need to elect a true king," said God Maha.

"In the Devil Race, strength is everything. Since that's the case, let's see who's number one."

The image of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate appeared behind God Maha, as well as the three thousand true divinities and the projection of Heavenly Monarch Jin. Boundless power poured out of them, making it impossible for the old-timers to move.

"That's the power of a heavenly monarch!" Many of the devilfolk old-timers exclaimed.

"That's right. Submit and offer sacrifices!

That's the only way you won't die in the future. Don't tell me you dare rebel against the future Heavenly Court?

If you do, you'll be refined into puppets and reduced to lowly existences of the Heavenly Court. No matter how strong you are, do you really think you can stand up to Emperor Heaven King? "

God Maha pondered whether or not he should kill a few of them to establish his might. Relying on his own strength, he wouldn't be able to suppress them.

However, Heavenly Monarch Jin had given him the authority to use the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate's essence power.

"This subordinate is willing to submit!" "This subordinate is also willing to offer sacrifices to Heavenly Monarch Jin!"

"Lord Maha will be the ruler of the devil race in the future. We'll immediately offer sacrifices and summon the devil race to attack the Divine Prefecture!" "Yes!"

The devil old-timers all dropped to their knees and began offering sacrifices. Surprisingly, not a single one dared to oppose God Maha.

God Maha sighed inwardly. 'Back in Hell, I might have been the king of hell, but these old-timers ignored me. I couldn't do anything to them. Now they're truly submitting to me. This is the power of the Heavenly Court.' Buzz. The power of the sacrifices poured into the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate.

The old-timers of the devil race, as well as the ancient creatures of the preheaven level, were sacrificed to them. Their sacrificial power was truly terrifying. In the depths of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, gods and devils were one. Because the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate had absorbed so many sacrifices from true gods and primal-chaos elder-devils, it instantly expanded and evolved.

"Excellent!"

Gu Chensha, who had long since gained control of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, was delighted. He could sense the power of the sacrifices.