Chapter 833
===========

"I didn't expect the Emperor Of Heaven to be in the Celestial Appeasement Department."

God Maha's current appearance was that of a middle-aged man with a black beard and a dignified appearance. He looked just like a governor in the bureaucracy. No one would have guessed that he was the king of the ancient gods, the former lord of the Devil Domain. … His gaze flickered upon hearing Heavenly King Jin's words, but he didn't ask any further.

"I have to admit that the Celestial Appeasement Department is powerful. I've been infiltrating the department and working under a different name these days. I can feel that their ideology is very bewitching, so we can't underestimate them."

Heavenly Monarch Jin's tone changed, "I can rely on my means to hide now, but once Gu Chensha becomes a Heavenly Venerable, it will be hard for me to hide, and he will definitely find out. However, it's almost impossible for him to become a Heavenly Venerable.

Still, we should be careful. God Maha, you can't spread the news that the Emperor Of Heaven's reincarnation is in the Celestial Appeasement Department. " "I understand."

God Maha nodded. He wasn't angry. He was very shrewd, and no one knew what he was thinking in the depths of his heart.

"The Great Spirit God, I know you're good at scheming and ambitious."

Heavenly King Jin said to The Great Spirit God, "Also, those who work with you will be killed by you. But let me tell you now, the Emperor Of Heaven's rebirth and the Celestial Court's establishment are irresistible trends. If you have second thoughts, you'll live a life worse than death in the future. If you work for the Celestial Court wholeheartedly, you'll naturally be able to get rid of your sins and enjoy the beautiful days ahead." "This subordinate understands."

The Great Spirit God's expression immediately turned serious. He actually called himself a subordinate, which was a bit subservient compared to God Maha.

God Maha addressed himself as' I 'in front of an ordinary youth like Heavenly King Jin. It was clear that he didn't consider himself a subordinate. This series of details indicated a subtle relationship.

"Lord Heavenly King of Jin, I wonder where Heavenly King Chaos, Heavenly King Daluo, Heavenly King Dong Hua, and Heavenly King Wisdom are? Now that the gods have gathered, we've become a powerful force, but if we want to support the Emperor Of Heaven, it's still not enough."

Old Man Desolation spoke up, "I also heard that the Lord of the Four Wilds has appeared. He's actually teaming up with Patriarch Heaven and Earth and the others to form some sort of huge alliance. Should we subdue this alliance?

Otherwise, if we fight to the death with the Tranquil Immortal Department, they will come out and take advantage of us. If that happens, I'm afraid we'll also suffer heavy losses. "

"Indeed, this matter needs to be resolved as soon as possible. Since you've brought it up, you'll be the messenger to negotiate with Ancestor Heaven and Earth's alliance. Ask them to submit to me, and if they don't, I'll kill them with the force of a thunderbolt!"

Heavenly King Jin, the ordinary-looking youth, sneered. "I already know the situation of this alliance. Everyone has their own agenda. Immortal Master Wan is relying on the recognition of the Immortal World's origin to become the future master of the Immortal World. Unfortunately, in the future, the master of the Immortal World will be someone else, not him.

Everything he's done is futile. After a while, the essence of the immortal world won't care for him anymore. When that time comes, he'll be like a tiger without claws and fangs. He won't be a threat. That said, he's a Heaven Longevity Realm primal-chaos paleo-creature. If he's willing to submit to me as a watchdog, and offer sacrifices and faith, I'll keep him safe.

As for the immortal lord, she has the systems of the ancient civilization, which is a priceless treasure. Back in the day, the ancient civilization had wanted to rebel and replace the dao of heaven. Although it was wishful thinking, the systems of the One God were truly powerful. Although the immortal lord couldn't unleash even one ten-thousandth of its power, if Gu Chensha got his hands on it, he would be in danger of toppling the cosmos. As for the others, that's not important.

The Lord of the Four Wilds will eventually be influenced by the essence, and will definitely side with the Heavenly Court. " "I'll go right now," Yang Qi said.

Old Man Yore-Wilds knew that this was the time to perform a great service for the Heavenly Court, and he couldn't hesitate. Everything he did now was to pave the way for the future. The more he did now, the more credit he would receive in the future, and the greater his accomplishments would be. The Heavenly Court wouldn't bury his contributions.

Inside, Old Man Yore-Wilds was thinking, 'These people are really short-sighted. They all have ulterior motives. If I'm loyal to the Heavenly Court, I'll definitely succeed.

The Age of Chaos is coming to an end, and it's time to seize the opportunity to make a contribution. If I'm half-hearted, I won't get any benefits in the future, and I'll die a horrible death. The Heavenly Court is very clear about rewards and punishments, and they won't tolerate a grain of sand in their eyes. '

As he was thinking, Old Man Yore-Wilds glanced at him with a sneer. 'The Great Spirit God thinks he's smart, but he's not trusted by Heavenly King Jin anymore. That said, no organization would trust a two-faced traitor like him. I'm going to get rid of him as soon as he's done with his grinding.'

"Good, good, good …" Heavenly King Jin was very pleased with Old Man Yore-Wilds. "As expected of someone born in the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate. I'm in charge of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, and you're its son, which means you're also my son. As long as you convince those people, you'll be rewarded greatly in the future." "Yes sir!"

Old Man Yore-Wilds bowed a few times, then sent some sacrificial power into the core of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate.

"Everyone, let's start the sacrificial ceremony."

The True Gods of the Heavenly King Field said, "Since you've pledged your allegiance to the Heavenly Court, show your sincerity. Send the sacrificial power into the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate. Not only will you brand your loyalty, but you'll also be contributing to the Heavenly Court."

"I'm now a member of the Heavenly Court. I'll protect the Emperor Heaven Emperor even if I have to die a thousand times!"

At that moment, the Thunder God expressed his stance. He continuously offered sacrifices, and a huge wave of pure sacrificial power rushed into the core of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, nourishing it greatly.

After that, the Water God, the Dragon God, the Sea God, and the other Mountain and River Gods also started offering sacrifices.

With this, the interior of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate immediately started operating violently. A huge roar was heard, and the Heavenly King Jin instantly obtained great benefits. Waves of life and death energy were born in the depths of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate.

So many True Gods started offering sacrifices. It was a scene that had never been seen before in history.

"This time, the Heavenly King Jin obtained great benefits."

The Great Burning Heavenly King, Xiao Yan, was a little jealous. However, he had no choice. He was the last of the nine Heavenly Kings, and he was the weakest. Moreover, he hadn't obtained the treasure that made him famous.

In the future Heavenly Court, the Great Burning Heavenly King, Xiao Yan, would be the Heavenly King who controlled the Cleansing Flame of the Heaven Realm.

However, the Cleansing Flame of the Heaven Realm hadn't appeared yet. Xiao Yan didn't know what had happened. Even he couldn't sense where the treasure was. This wasn't normal.

God Maha and the Chaotic Demon Ape God hesitated for a moment, but they also joined the sacrificial ceremony. They had no choice but to lower their heads. Even if they had once dominated the world, they still weren't strong enough to deal with a Heavenly King.

Under the worship of nearly three thousand True Gods, the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate completely disappeared. No one could predict or capture it. The Heavenly King Jin's power was gradually increasing.

Chaos Old Man came out and landed on the Eastern Wastelands. Suddenly, his body shook. He felt a wave of energy breaking through the air and pouring into his body. Within his body, a trace of the Boundless Universe Force was vaguely born.

"Hahahaha, the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate is my mother. Now that it has received the worship of the three thousand True Gods, it has completely recovered its strength and grown tremendously. This way, my strength will rise along with the tide, and it will lay the foundation for me to break through to the Heavenly Yuan Realm in the future.

Among so many people, I'm equivalent to the Heavenly King Jin's son. He trusts me the most. "Chaos Old Man was wild with joy.

"Congratulations, congratulations …" Just as Chaos Old Man was about to complete his mission and convince those from the Black Heaven Earth Sect, a voice was heard.

"Who is it?!" Chaos Old Man was shocked. He turned his head and found another person beside him.

This person had the appearance of a young man. He looked very delicate, but there was an endless majesty in his actions. He was many times more dignified than the Heavenly King Jin.

"Gu …" Chaos Old Man spat out a few words with great difficulty. "Gu Chensha!" That's right, this delicate young man was Gu Chensha.

Even though Chaos Old Man had already touched the Heavenly Yuan Realm, Chensha was still trembling. A huge fear shrouded him. "You … How did you find me?"

"The Heavenly King Jin collected many sealed True Gods. If I didn't know about such a big matter, I would have been waiting for death."

Gu Chensha smiled. "Chaos Old Man, you're a miracle. You've been with The Great Spirit God for so long, but you haven't been devoured by him. Now, you've boarded a pirate ship. You think the Heavenly Court will be the future ruler. That's the wrong choice." "Gu Chensha, what do you want?"

Chaos Old Man knew he couldn't deal with the aftermath. He felt despair when facing Gu Chensha. He used a secret technique to communicate with the Heavenly King Jin, but it was useless.

He couldn't communicate with the Heavenly King Jin at all. It was obvious that Gu Chensha had cut off all communication, leaving him alone and helpless.

"Go!"

Chaos Old Man soared into the sky and tried to leave, but he found that he couldn't move at all. All methods were childish and laughable in front of Gu Chensha. (Hold down for three seconds to copy)