Chapter 1085
============

Chapter Two: Fate Amassed

This group of people were all candidates for the main characters. They also knew how terrifying Zhou Yang was. They had to kill him as soon as possible. If they didn't kill him, they would be in trouble.

"As long as we kill this unfilial son, everything else can be discussed." Zhou Yuhao had no feelings for his son, Zhou Yang. The only thing he wanted was for him to die. As long as Zhou Yang was dead, he could rest easy and be the king of the Nine Xuan Cosmos. In fact, he even wanted to reach the Undying level.

Of course, he didn't know that even if he turned the Nine Xuan Cosmos into a superuniverse, he wouldn't be able to reach the Undying level. The Undying level wasn't easy to reach. Fa Wuxian and Zhao Jiangshan were examples of that.

Zhou Yuhao's fate was weak, far from Zhou Yang's or the other main character candidates'. Even if he ran into a lot of good fortune, he wouldn't be able to reach the Undying level.

Unless Zhou Yang turned the Nine Xuan Cosmos into a superuniverse, killed some main character candidates, and devoured their fate, he wouldn't be able to reach the Undying level.

"In that case, let's get started."

Zhou Yuhao knew that these main character candidates weren't good people. After devouring Zhou Yang, they would probably devour the Nine Xuan Cosmos. But he had Mister Annul, who was an Undying expert, in his sea of consciousness, so he wasn't afraid. In fact, he wanted them to fight Zhou Yang, and then be devoured together.

'If I devour these people, plus that unfilial son Zhou Yang, I'll have a higher chance of reaching the Undying level.' Zhou Yuhao thought. Shua! Just as he was about to make his move, another person appeared in the study.

"My cheap father," Zhou Yang said. "You really don't want to give up. You still want to make a comeback? I really admire you."

He swept his gaze across the surroundings and looked at the three men and two women. He was not afraid. Instead, a look of joy appeared on his face. "Very good, very good. There are actually five candidates for the main characters of the old world. All of you are monstrous people. In your own universe, you get whatever you want. No one can go against you, and no one can go against you. Otherwise, your families will be ruined.

Unfortunately, all of you have too many limitations. You're only a candidate for the Old World's protagonist. You're inferior to me, Zhou Yang. Not only did I fuse with the providence of the Old World's protagonist, but I also plundered the providence of the New World's protagonist. Now that I've fused the old and the new, my strength is far beyond what you can imagine. Now that you've come here together, you're just delivering yourself to me. "

"Shameless boasting, Zhou Yang. You've betrayed the glory of the Old World, and you'll die today. Whoever kills you will gain the favor of the Old World." The woman with the energy gate weapon made her move. The Ki Gate weapon in her hand flickered and flew out, aiming for Zhou Yang's head.

Zhou Yang made a grabbing motion, causing the strange weapon to explode, transforming into pure vital energy that fused into Zhou Yang's body. In the blink of an eye, Zhou Yang's cultivation base increased a bit.

"Not bad."

Zhou Yang nodded. "It tastes pretty good. It's a peerless treasure, a natural treasure. Although it can't compare to Fa Wuxian's Invincible Deathless Gourd, it's still better than nothing. Although, I'm more interested in you." Whoosh! Zhou Yang's body disappeared.

After that, he came behind the woman and stretched out his long arms, hugging her. He then caressed her face, "What a beauty. You can become my harem. I only want your luck. I don't care about your person or your cultivation base. I won't devour you. However, you have to be obedient and don't disobey me. Otherwise, I'll make you wish you were dead, but you won't be able to live." "Dammit! Go to hell!"

The woman was shocked and enraged at being profaned. She struggled violently, and a bright light burst out of her, like the Big Bang.

"Oh? Burning your universe's essence power? That's what you're trying to do."

Zhou Yang loosened his grip, but he was still smiling mischievously. "After you burn your universe's essence power, it'll be very difficult for your universe to become a supermassive universe. It'll also be impossible for you to reach the Invincible Deathless Realm. You're destroying your own foundation, aren't you? Even if I don't devour you, you'll be devoured by the other main characters. Why don't you take advantage of me?"

Even as he spoke, he dodged the attack, which burned the essence of the universe. Then he reached out, and his five fingers tore through the woman's defenses. He grabbed her chest and dug out her heart.

"AHHH!"

The woman let out a heaven-shaking, earth-shattering scream as her aura receded like the tide. "What are you waiting for? If he devours me, his cultivation base will skyrocket, and none of you will be able to escape. You'll all die at his hands."

There were five people here, three men and two women, and all of them were proud sons of heaven. Their destiny was truly to meet gods and slay gods, to meet ghosts and slay ghosts. Their journey was smooth sailing, and those who opposed them would basically have their entire families and nine generations executed. This had nurtured their arrogant personalities, and they considered everything beneath their notice. Moreover, they were not actually united. Each of them wanted to kill the other and devour their destiny. This caused this team to appear united on the surface, but divided on the inside.

Therefore, when the woman was attacked, the others watched on, hoping that she would seriously injure Zhou Yang before they could take advantage of the situation.

Even now, when the woman screamed for help, one of the men remained unmoved. Instead, he said in a soul-stirring voice, "Don't panic. Hurry up and use your trump card. Explode the origin energy of the universe and fight to the death with him. If we work together, we'll be able to kill him." "Idiot."

Zhou Yang heard the man's words, and he was secretly cursing, "Things have come to this, and this idiot is still using the Soul-Stirring Demonic Sound to cause this woman to explode and injure me. If you all work together, I'll be in a bit of a mess, and I won't be able to kill this woman. I'll have to go through a tough battle to let you all recover. But now that you're hindering each other, things will be much easier. "

As he thought about it, his body floated like a ghost. In reality, he was shuttling through billions of layers of dimensions. Even a decisive expert would not be able to lock onto his position. Right now, he was not even in the same place as others.

If they were in different space-time, they could be locked onto. If they were in different universes, they could also be locked onto. However, if they were not in the same point of existence, then that was something that some divine abilities and techniques could not comprehend.

In that instant, he completely nullified all of the woman's counterattacks. As everyone turned pale with fright, he broke through the woman's defenses, smashed through the final barrier, and arrived next to her. His five fingers were like a dustpan as he grabbed the top of her head, and then fiercely sucked in. Sizzle, sizzle, sizzle …

The woman screamed even more miserably. Then, her body withered quickly, leaving behind only a layer of skin.

All of her essence energy, fate, fate, cultivation, comprehension, divine abilities, and even the old world's blessing were absorbed by Zhou Yang.

"Not good."

Zhou Yuhao knew how powerful Zhou Yang was, and he also knew that the reserves of these main character candidates were enormous. To Zhou Yang, in this world, only these main character candidates were his greatest tonic. Every time he ate a main character candidate, Zhou Yang's strength would increase by several times, or even dozens of times. He hurriedly urged Mister Nothingness in his head, but Mister Nothingness didn't react at all.

"What's going on?"

Zhou Yuhao was shocked. Mister Nothingness had promised to capture Zhou Yang at the most crucial moment, and now he was running away? In an instant, Zhou Yuhao's heart was extremely cold. At that moment, in the void, Gu Chensha stood in front of Mister Nothingness and the others again.

Mister Nothingness, Mister Nothingness, Mister Nothingness, and Mister Nothingness. These four Supreme Undying Realm experts had ashen faces. They seemed to be sealed by Gu Chensha.

"Gu Chensha, what do you want? Do you want Zhou Yang to reach the Supreme Undying Realm? "

Mister Nothingness sent out a mental wave. He was angry from embarrassment. "This Zhou Yang also hates you to the bone. He thinks that you're controlling him. If he reaches the Supreme Undying Realm, he'll come for you sooner or later. He'll cause great trouble for your new world."

"It doesn't matter. Zhou Yang was created by me. Even though he's out of my control, it's within my expectations. Of course, I want him to reach the Supreme Undying Realm. The process of his ascension is the best experiment for me. It'll give me a lot of experience. I might be able to find a way to mass produce Supreme Undying Realm experts. How can I let you interrupt my experiment? "Gu Chensha smiled.

"Mass produce Supreme Undying Realm experts? Gu Chensha, you're too ambitious. I don't think you can succeed. If you do, everything we have, even everything in the old world, will be meaningless."

Mister Nothingness roared. "I can feel your power. Even though you can trap us four, you won't be able to do it for long. If we die together, you'll be hurt too. The new world will be damaged. So, you don't dare to do anything." "That's right.

"That's right. If it wasn't for me being cautious, I would have destroyed all of you long ago. However, there's actually no meaning in me destroying all of you. That's what I thought in the past. Actually, all of you aren't my enemies." Gu Chensha smiled.

"Then what are we?" Mister Nothingness asked.

"Test subjects."

Gu Chensha said honestly, "Do you want to comprehend the tenth level of the Immortal Realm? There is no such thing as the Immortal Realm. If you want, I can share my insights with you."