Chapter 44
==========

In front of them, a cult leader, a grandmaster, had already rushed up the town walls to kill people. This grandmaster wielded the Blood Melting Blade and was about to kill Gu Chensha.

The blade was filled with blood energy and seemed to have a demonic power on it. Its sharpness wasn't something a normal blade could compare to. Gu Chensha didn't even need to look to know that he couldn't let it cut his skin. Although it wasn't as strong as the Dragon Bone Sword, it still had terrifying lethality.

"Good blade, I was just worried about not having a weapon."

Gu Chensha could even kill a Transformation Two Dao Realm Black Bat, so why would he care about normal martial arts masters?

He shifted his feet and flashed, dodging the blade glow. His eyes were sharp and he instantly found an opening. He stretched out his palm and broke the evil sect leader's heart meridian.

The moment he killed the evil sect leader, he connected to the Heaven Worship Platform with his mind. The space absorbed the blood essence and soul of the leader, which floated above the altar and turned into a blood ball.

The "Blood Melting Blade" then fell and was caught by Gu Chensha. It actually weighed a hundred kilograms. He didn't know what kind of steel it was made of, but it reeked of blood when he brandished it. Upon closer inspection, he found that there were blood-colored talismans flickering in it. It transmitted a bloodthirsty thought, mixed with a set of violent saber techniques into his mind. It wanted to turn him into a bloodthirsty demon and kill people everywhere. This meant that whoever grabbed the blade would be controlled by the blade.

Each time he killed someone, the talisman on the blade would absorb that person's blood essence and even their soul to strengthen the blade itself.

"What an evil blade."

Gu Chensha quickly recalled the secrets of the evil sect that he had read. Instantly, a record appeared in his mind.

"The Bloodthirsty Cult will first refine seven Blood Melting Blades and combine the seven killing intents to kill living beings. Then, they will merge into one and become the Human Demon Blood Blade. After further refinement, it will become the Earth Demon Blood Blade. Finally, it will become the Heavenly Demon Blood Blade. This blade is the Heavenly Demon, and the Heavenly Demon is this blade. Once it is refined, it will rain blood, and ghosts will cry at night. Fresh blood will flood the world … In ancient times, there was a peerless Blood Demon who successfully refined this blade.

Simply put, if this evil saber was controlled by someone, it would go berserk. It was the saber that controlled the person, not the other way around.

"Humph! You want to control me with a mere Blood Melting Blade? What a joke! "Gu Chensha meditated, and the saber disappeared into the Heaven Offering Platform. Buzz! Gu Chensha destroyed the sacrificial knife.

The saber suddenly exploded. The blood light, the vengeful soul, and even the will of the Evil Blood God were sucked away by the Heavenly Dao. Then, a weapon that looked like a saber or a sword appeared on the altar.

"The prototype of the Demon Descending Blade?"

With a thought from Gu Chensha, the weapon landed in his hand. It weighed 50 kilograms and shone a green light. It shook its head and tail like a green dragon. "This sword is sharp. Although it isn't as sharp as the Dragon Bone Sword, if I find the other six Blood Melting Blades and sacrifice them to the Heavenly Dao, I will be able to obtain the Demon Descending Blade that exceeds the Human Demon Blood Blade. At that time, it might not lose to the Dragon Bone Sword."

The true Demon Descending Blade could injure the Sky Demon. This prototype was less than one ten-thousandth of its strength, but it was still a god weapon. With this weapon along with Sun and Moon Kill and the hiding ability of the Heaven Offering Platform, even experts with copper skin and iron bones could be injured.

Without a god weapon, even if Gu Chensha used Sun and Moon Kill and used his bare hands to attack, he might be able to kill a Stage Two Dao Realm expert like the Black Demon Bat. However, he wouldn't be able to deal with someone who had copper skin and iron bones.

"Commander is dead! Commander is dead!"

Many evil sect members saw it clearly. Someone suddenly jumped onto the platform and killed the commander with one strike. He then snatched the Blood Melting Blade.

This sudden change shook the hearts of the evil sect members, and some of them even started to disperse.

Originally, evil sect members were coerced by the people. Even if they were trained, brainwashed, and drank some Evil Talisman Water, they couldn't be compared to elite soldiers who had been trained for more than ten years. This meant that in history, there were almost no examples of evil sects rebelling successfully.

Gu Chensha couldn't be bothered with all this. He held the prototype Demon Descending Blade and jumped off the platform, heading straight for the city wall to kill the remaining martial arts grandmaster.

When he jumped onto the city wall, he was shocked to find that the martial arts grandmaster was about to start a massacre, but he was stopped by five young men.

The five young men held their swords and formed a sword formation. They weaved left and right with great power. It was like an inescapable net, like a silkworm spitting silk. They pinned the cult leader down, and for a moment, the cult leader couldn't do anything to the five young men.

The cultivation of the five youngsters was also quite good. All of them were martial arts masters, and they were at the third level of the mortal realm, which was simply a miracle for the town.

Even the disciples of wealthy families in the provincial capital would find it extremely difficult to become a martial arts grandmaster.

After all, a martial arts grandmaster only needed to set up a small army and kill some barbarians to qualify as a sixth-rank general.

The Great Yongchō court had decreed that all military officers between the sixth and fourth rank had to be martial arts grandmasters. Those above the third rank had to be martial arts grandmasters.

"What sword technique is this?

It has all five elements, and it's like spring rain, summer thunder, autumn frost, winter snow, and the blazing sun. "

Gu Chensha rushed to the city wall. After a brief observation, he found that the five young men had great potential. They seemed to have had a fortuitous encounter, and the swords in their hands were strange and ancient. However, it wouldn't be easy to take care of this martial arts grandmaster.

"Blood Melting Blade!"

Right at this moment, the martial arts grandmaster pulled out the blade on his back. Blood burst out, and another Blood Melting Blade appeared. As soon as this blade appeared, the five young men felt dizzy, and their lives were on the line.

Gu Chensha leaped forward, and the "Demon Subduing Blade" in his hand sprayed out a wave of sword light. Clang!

The blood light disappeared, and the Blood Melting Blade disappeared. The martial arts grandmaster knelt on the ground, and his head rolled off the city wall.

"He killed a martial arts grandmaster with a single move?" The five young men came to their senses, and were almost stunned. "Could he be a dao realm immortal?"

In the eyes of many mortals, dao realm cultivators were considered immortals by absorbing the spiritual qi of heaven and earth.

"Now that the leader has been killed, the evil cultists have lost their support. Attack immediately and disperse them." Gu Chensha waved his hand.

"Everyone, open the gates and charge!"

The five young men waved their arms and called out. Immediately, the townspeople gathered, and their morale was boosted. They opened the city gates and charged out.

The evil cultists resisted for a while, but without experts to hold them back, it was difficult for them to continue, and they all scattered.

The townspeople did not chase after them. They withdrew their troops and returned to the city, afraid that the evil cultists would send more experts to attack.

"I am the mayor. Thank you for saving us, great hero. May I know your name?" The mayor led the five young men and a few old men to greet Gu Chensha.

"I am the nineteenth prince, Gu Chensha. I have been conferred the title of Duke, and I have come to Xian Province as an imperial envoy. Now, I will lead the army to eliminate the evil cultists in Ba Nan Province. Don't be afraid, the imperial army is ready to go at any time. I have come to check on the enemy." Gu Chensha did not hide his identity.

"What?"

The mayor was dumbfounded. The highest official he had seen in his life was probably the county magistrate or the prefectural magistrate. Even the inspector was an existence he could only look up to. However, he was also a scholar, and he was well-mannered. He quickly knelt and said to the five young men, "Why are you still not kneeling?" At that moment, everyone knelt on the ground.

"We didn't know that the nineteenth prince was here. We deserve to die!" "Get up. This is a critical time."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "We can't stay in this town any longer. The evil cultists and barbarians are full of experts. After the death of the two grandmasters, they will definitely send more powerful experts. Why don't you go to Ba Nan Province? "

"Your Highness, we have tens of thousands of people in the town. If we all retreat, how can we escape with our families?

We will probably be caught by the evil cultists before we reach Ba Nan Province, or we will die of exhaustion.

Moreover, the provincial capital is full. Many people from the county have run to the provincial capital to seek refuge. They can't even enter the city.

We have discussed it. The only way is to defend the town and live and die together, "a young man quickly said.

"That's true."

Gu Chensha looked around. There were still many old people, women, and children in the town. These people could not walk more than a hundred miles in a day, not to mention carrying gold, silver, and soft food. Even if tens of thousands of people reached the provincial capital, they would not be able to make arrangements. The daily expenses of food, drink, and excrement would be huge. He thought about it for a while and knew that defending the town was the only way.

"What are the five of you called?

I saw that your martial arts are not bad, and your swordsmanship is passed down from the ancient times. Why don't you go and take the military officer examination? To serve the imperial court, "Gu Chensha asked.

"There are five of them. One of them is my son, and the other four are the sons of the big families in the town. The five of them grew up together and became brothers of the opposite sex. They usually follow the teachings of the ancient times, read thousands of books, and travel thousands of miles.

They travel everywhere. Anyway, it is convenient to travel by water now. I don't know which mountain I found five scrolls of sword manuals, and each of them cultivated one of them.

Originally, they wanted to take the military officer examination, but the evil cultists broke out, and the people are in a panic. The imperial court's army has also retreated, so it was delayed.

Now that I met the nineteenth master, it is a blessing that I have cultivated in my previous life. It is a good opportunity to serve the nineteenth master, and I hope that I can find a place to live. "This mayor was good at seizing opportunities.

"The five of you have great potential. I am also lacking people, but it is still up to you."

Gu Chensha thought about how his mansion was filled with Long Yuyun's people, and felt that it was not appropriate. The five people in front of him had a fortuitous encounter, had wonderful swordsmanship, and had clean backgrounds. If he could recruit and train them, they would be good subordinates.

"Hurry up and thank the nineteenth prince!" The mayor saw the five young men staring blankly and immediately flew into a rage.

"Thank you, nineteenth master." The five of them hurriedly kowtowed.