Chapter 922
===========

Zhang Ziran had already reached the Celestial Lord Realm. He could be considered a top-notch expert, but compared to the experts of the great era, it was still not enough.

Fortunately, Zhang Ziran had a lot of fate energy. He had been offering sacrifices day and night, providing the imperial court with a lot of pure soul energy. This kind of power interacted with each other and naturally gathered a lot of Immortal Matter. Now, Wen Hong was going to nurture this person.

"Zhang Ziran, the ceremony this time is not a small matter. The department in charge of Xing Chen's reincarnated person will not be able to continue, so I am going to increase your strength. This time, the Pavilion Master has ordered us to refine all the accumulated sacrificial power into Dragon Symbol Essence."

Wen Hong looked at Zhang Ziran carefully. "The essence of this dragon symbol contains the highest level of Ageless. This Dao of Ageless strengthens your cultivation base, allowing you to increase your cultivation base in one fell swoop. It might even be possible for you to reach the Heavenly Origin stage."

"Thank you, Deputy Pavilion Master. I will definitely sacrifice my life for the imperial court." Zhang Ziran looked happy.

"Dragon Symbol Essence!" Wen Hong did not say anything else.

He flipped his palm and a dazzling light immediately appeared on his palm. This light was like an oval sphere. The sphere was extremely heavy, and nothing could withstand the weight of this sphere.

"This is the Dragon Symbol Essence," Wen Hong said. "It requires the sacrifice of trillions of people for a month. If it's a Godly level expert, it would require the sacrifice of tens of millions of Godly level experts for seven days and seven nights in order to refine it. Now that it's being used to train you, you should know how determined the imperial court is." "That's right.

"Ten million God level experts …" Zhang Ziran's eyes flashed. He knew what level this was. Ten years ago, even the number one family, the Legalists, only had 13 God level experts.

There were only thirteen Deity Realm experts. In the entire Eastern Wilderness, there were only a few thousand Deity Realm experts in the Primordial Seventy-Two Mysterious Gates.

Now, there were indeed ten million God level experts in the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilderlands.

This way, it was equivalent to the Immemorial 72 Mysterious Gates expanding by 10,000 times, becoming the Immemorial 720,000 Mysterious Gates. This kind of majestic development made even Zhang Ziran somewhat frightened.

"Refine, enter!"

At this time, Wen Hong injected the dragon rune essence into Zhang Ziran's body, causing him to tremble violently. Then, a world appeared behind Zhang Ziran's head. At first, it was a chiliocosm, but as it wriggled and refined some of the dragon rune essence, it became a chiliocosm. Then, it began to evolve into the chiliocosm. Crack!

Zhang Ziran's cultivation level rose rapidly. In a short while, he broke through to the Heaven Longevity Realm. Then, he stopped at the peak of the Heaven Longevity Realm. However, he didn't break through to the Heaven Origin Realm.

"Oh?"

Wen Hong seemed to be shocked, but he didn't show it. "Zhang Ziran, as long as you refine the dragon rune essence, you will naturally become a Heaven Origin Realm expert. There are still a few days left before the ceremony. Don't slack off. I hope that during the ceremony, you can truly refine the essence and finally reach Heaven Origin." "Yes!" Zhang Ziran said, "Your subordinate will definitely not let you down."

Wen Hong nodded. His body flashed and he left the place. Then, he arrived at a huge island at the edge of the Desolate Sea. He saw Gu Chensha observing the Desolate Sea. The Desolate Sea was originally incomparably huge. Storms wreaked havoc, thunder rumbled, and the tides rose to the sky. There were countless dangerous environments. Its surface area was larger than the Eastern Wilderness and the Desolate Desert combined. However, the population was very small.

By then, however, many experts had entered the Desolate Ocean to build one island or world after another to make them their residences. Due to that, the Desolate Ocean was instantly filled with life. Huge fleets of ships could be seen everywhere within the Desolate Ocean. There were also many cultivators flying about in the sky. There were also huge flying ships hovering in the sky.

The Desolate Sea was very lively, but there were often conflicts. The order was not very good. Even though the imperial court tried its best to suppress it, because there were more and more experts, conflicts broke out frequently. The imperial court's jurisdiction was a little weak.

Even if the 360 commanders were all Heaven Longevity Realm experts, if they wanted to truly control the Divine Prefecture and the Four Desolate Lands, they had to advance to the Heaven Origin Realm. If it was in the past, it would be fine if they didn't advance to the Heaven Origin Realm. But now, there were too many experts. Deities were a dime a dozen, Sages were as many as the hairs on a cow, and Heavenly Venerables were as many as dogs. Heaven Longevity Realm experts were everywhere. There were also many Heaven Origin Star Lords who had reincarnated. These Heaven Origin Star Lords who had reincarnated from the stars hid themselves, and the commander couldn't find them. They caused trouble everywhere, causing the commander to be exhausted. Naturally, he couldn't control the situation.

"Chensha, there are too many experts now.

I've already infused the Dragon Rune Essence into Zhang Ziran's body, and I didn't find anything strange with him. He doesn't seem to be the person we guessed. "Wen Hong said," Didn't you suspect that he was actually the Emperor Of Heaven?

But from the time he entered the imperial court until now, there didn't seem to be any traces of him being the Emperor Of Heaven. "

"This person isn't the Emperor Of Heaven, but his identity is not to be underestimated. I used to think that he was the Emperor Of Heaven, but now it seems that the Emperor Of Heaven is someone else, someone much more mysterious than him."

Gu Chensha's eyes seemed to be able to see through all kinds of fog and reach the end of time. "The Emperor Of Heaven is becoming more and more mysterious. But I feel that he will appear before me with an unexpected appearance in the end, shocking me. I didn't expect it to be him at all. But even though Zhang Ziran has hidden himself extremely well, in my calculations, he still revealed his flaws. As long as he refines my Dragon Rune Essence, I will have already locked onto his origin. There is an extremely powerful aura hidden within his origin, and in fate, it actually secretly restrains you. He is your mortal enemy. If my guess is correct, this person's identity will be the future ruler of the human world." "Ruler of the human world?"

Wen Hong frowned, "In the future, the human world will actually be the most valued by the Heaven Realm. Basically, whether it is the Underworld, or the Gods, Demons, Immortals, or Demons, they will all revolve around the human world. All the center and destiny belong to the human world. The emperor of the human world is the true Son of Heaven.

Originally, I was supposed to be the future ruler of the human world, but I didn't want to be the Son of Heaven and deviated from my own fate. Therefore, the heavens will definitely give birth to a new ruler of the human world. However, this person's fate will not be completely perfect. Only by devouring me can he be completely perfect and become the true ruler of the human world. " "That's right, he must devour your origin and fate in order to be perfect. Because you are still destined to be the ruler of the human world. "

Gu Chensha nodded, "Ever since this person entered our imperial court, he has always been diligent, but this is just a facade. The better he concealed it, the more powerful he is. This person's true cultivation is much more powerful than the Heavenly Kings. If he suddenly attacks you, you will really be killed. "

"Chensha, I have just stepped into the Sky Origin Realm. How high is this person's cultivation?" Wen Hong decided to know himself and his enemy, only then could he win a hundred battles.

"If I am not wrong, this person's cultivation is probably not lower than Long Xiangtian. In the entire imperial court, perhaps only I can firmly suppress him."

Gu Chensha said, "Of course, Bai Yue can also defeat him, but to completely capture him, I am afraid it will be a bit difficult." "Right now, we can't see any signs of him rebelling."

Wen Hong frowned, "If we capture him just like this, I am afraid we will not be able to explain to the people of the world, and to the many people who have surrendered to our imperial court. This is like killing without teaching.

The most important thing for us now is to establish rules, to establish an eternal and impeccable order. To make people completely trust us, this is the most fundamental fairness and justice. "

"That is natural, and I do not intend to capture this person, I want to completely change his mind, to work diligently for our imperial court, this way we can maximize the benefits. If he regains his identity as the ruler of the human world, and then joins our imperial court, then our strength and fate will greatly increase. Of course, if he continues to be stubborn, then you can devour him, and finally complete your own foundation." Gu Chensha sighed.

"Actually, ever since I cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, I can extract the most powerful undying substance from the human heart. It's endless, perfect, self-sufficient, able to communicate with the spirit and change freely. Since then, I no longer have any interest in devouring others to increase my fate and cultivation."