Chapter 895
===========

"It is actually the Light of Destiny."

Gu Chensha also saw the sudden appearance of the light. It was drawn by Long Xiangtian's destiny and entered his world. At that moment, Gu Chensha had a feeling that Long Xiangtian was the Emperor Of Heaven.

He knew about the Light of Destiny. It was the highest essence that was formed when the Dao of Heaven was damaged. Even if one obtained a little, one would have endless power.

This Light of Destiny was hidden really deeply and would only appear if one was lucky. Logically speaking, Long Xiangtian was someone who defied the heavens and shouldn't have been able to obtain the Light of Destiny.

But now that Long Xiangtian had obtained this light, Gu Chensha immediately had a correct understanding. The Heavenly Dao had also lost the secret of controlling infinite worlds and endless space-time. Celestial Thearch would not be the only master in the future. Of course, he would not be either. In the future, people like Long Xiangtian would appear. If more of such people appeared, the world would be in chaos. The Light of Destiny entered Long Xiangtian's world. Kacha kacha … A series of collapsing sounds rang out.

Long Xiangtian's eyes opened wide and flames rumbled. Instantly, all the chains around his body exploded and the seal on the Underworld was ripped apart.

"Go!"

Long Xiangtian's strength increased once more. His cultivation rose from Dao Realm 35 Chaotic Dust to 36 Embodiment Transformation. He reached the peak of 36 transformations right away. Throughout the ages, no one had been able to level up faster than him.

But Long Xiangtian knew that even if he had another fortuitous encounter and merged the Light of Destiny into his body, it would at most increase his ability to escape. The Underworld wasn't something that he could go up against with just a random fortuitous encounter.

"Earthly Sovereign, it won't be long before I return to suppress you. I'll definitely pay you back tenfold for what you've done today." All of a sudden, Long Xiangtian's body distorted and he disappeared. The Emperor of Earth couldn't chase in time. Moreover, Long Xiangtian hid really well and his aura was really hard to track.

The Emperor of Earth could have used the Heaven and Earth Search Technique, but he was afraid that it would be discovered by Gu Chensha, so he stopped.

"King of Earth, it seems like you still can't subdue Long Xiangtian. This person is a variable that appeared out of nowhere. With such luck and luck, I'm afraid he will be another Gu Chensha in the future." While the King of Earth was thinking about how to deal with Long Xiangtian, a mass of chaos appeared.

This mass of chaos constantly changed into all kinds of faces, one of which emitted the strongest aura of origin.

"Chaotic Heavenly King, you've finally appeared." The Earthly Sovereign looked at the mass of chaos and said.

As it turned out, this mass of chaos was the future number one Chaotic Heavenly King of the Heavenly Court.

"Earthly Sovereign, I never expected your Underworld to be successfully established. However, you are unable to fully power the power of Underworld. Your strength is still lacking," said the Chaos Heavenly Monarch.

"Of course. The Emperor Of Heaven has yet to be born, and the structure of the Underworld has yet to be settled."

The Earthly Sovereign said, "The appearance of a Gu Chensha is already extremely difficult to deal with. Now, another Long Xiangtian has appeared. What troubled times. The Emperor Of Heaven has yet to be born, and our days are getting more and more difficult. " "The Emperor Of Heaven has already been born, but he's preparing a series of plans.

However, I agree with what you said, King of Earth. The calamity is getting worse, and the Heavenly Dao is weakening. No one can control the future. We have to think of a countermeasure to ensure our own safety. "

The Chaotic Heavenly King said, "Among us nine Heavenly Kings, Heavenly King Jin's origin has already been extracted, and he has become an ordinary person, unable to recover. Heavenly King Executioner is completely controlled, and he has betrayed the Heavenly Court and Emperor Of Heaven. Gu Chensha is ruthless, and he's plotting against Heavenly King Donghua. The Hong Meng Tree will fall into his hands sooner or later."

"There are more and more variables, and that Gu Chensha has already become a force to be reckoned with.

But first, we have to suppress Long Xiangtian, capture him, and refine him. One Gu Chensha has already caused chaos, and now there's another Long Xiangtian. I'm afraid we'll all die without a burial place. "The Earthly Sovereign sighed," Apart from that, that Gu Chensha is also a huge variable. " "Demons run amok, and the Heavenly Dao is out of control."

The Chaotic Heavenly King said, "Let's join forces and kill this Long Xiangtian first. But his fate energy is too strong, and we can't kill him at all. If we can use a plan, we can make him and Gu Chensha fight to the death. That's the best way." "Difficult, difficult, difficult."

The Earthly Sovereign said, "Only the Emperor Of Heaven can fight Gu Chensha. Judging from his Dragonless Heart Sutra and the power to suppress the Four Wilds of the Divine Prefecture, this person's means are not something we can handle. If we plot against him, he will easily plot against us. Compared to Gu Chensha, Long Xiangtian was still much weaker. Let's go and find a chance to discuss this. " As they spoke, the two disappeared.

After the two of them disappeared, Long Xiangtian reappeared with an ugly expression on his face. "So, in the eyes of the Heavenly Court and the Underworld, I'm just a resource. I'm far from being a match for Gu Chensha. I'd like to see how powerful Gu Chensha is. Now that I've obtained so many fortuitous encounters, I have enough methods to refine the Great Stone Wall. As long as I refine it, my cultivation will increase tenfold."

In a flash, Long Xiangtian returned to the border between the Divine Prefecture and the Wildlands, on top of the Great Stone Wall.

His world slowly unfolded, spitting out the members of the team, "Everyone, you've all been shocked. I didn't expect to meet one of the strongest existences in the world. But don't be afraid, under my protection, no one can hurt you." "Earthly Sovereign!

It's actually the Earthly Sovereign! According to the legends of the future, the Emperor Of Heaven. The Earthly Sovereign is the true ruler of Yin and Yang, second only to the Emperor Of Heaven.

He actually appeared, but he couldn't do anything to the president. "The young men and women worshipped Long Xiangtian to the extreme.

"Big Brother Long, I think you're the Emperor Of Heaven," a woman said.

"Indeed, I am the future leader."

Gu Chensha's incarnation of Zhou Wang also pretended to be convinced, as if he had completely submitted to Long Xiangtian.

This time, he had obtained a lot of benefits from Long Xiangtian. He had obtained all the knowledge of the Star Dragon Clan, and when the Light of Destiny had descended, Gu Chensha had also obtained more secrets of the Sky Dao.

The expansion of the Dragonless Heart Sutra made him feel like he was about to break through to the Divine Origin Realm.

With his current strength, it would be difficult to break through. But once he did, it would be earth-shattering.

Gu Chensha decided not to deal with Long Xiangtian for now. He wanted to fatten him up first. This person's fate was great, and he might even be a key to understanding the complete version of the Dragonless Heart Sutra in the future.

"Zhou Wang, what do you think about the Earthly Sovereign attacking me?"

Long Xiangtian looked at Gu Chensha's incarnation of Zhou Wang and asked. In his group, Zhou Wang's cultivation was the highest, at the God Realm.

"Right now, the president's cultivation can be said to be domineering. He has become one of the most powerful figures in the world, but his weakness is that his forces are too small. That Gu Chensha has hundreds of Heavenly Venerable puppets, not to mention other experts. One tree cannot make a forest. Even in the future Heavenly Court, they will meet the Lord of the Sun and Moon, the Nine Heavenly Kings, the God of Stars, and the Ten Yama Kings, Judges, and Gods of Hell." Gu Chensha said, "The most important thing now is that we need to expand our forces.

We need to gather many experts, at least Heavenly Venerable and Heavenly Longevity Realm experts. Other than that, we can even capture the Heavenly Kings and Yama Kings.

Since the Earthly Sovereign wants to harm us, then we must deal a heavy blow to him. I heard that the Imperial Court also captured the Heavenly Kings, why don't we capture the Yama Kings? " "That's right. Our Flying Dragon Society is too small. No matter what we do, in the end, we must gather people, gather faith, and refine materials.

Even the Heaven Sovereign is no exception. After the establishment of the Heaven Court in the future, the Heaven Sovereign will establish the Human Realm so that the Human Realm can offer sacrifices to the Heaven Sovereign, strengthen the Heaven Court, and maximize the power of the Heaven Court. "

Long Xiangtian said, "I obtained the wisdom of the Star Dragon Race and know how precious the human heart is. To reach the highest realm and transcend, we must rely on the human heart.

However, the Star Dragon Race's civilization is far from the prehistoric civilization. I must find the prehistoric civilization. " "But president, you should refine the Giant Stone Wall first."

Gu Chensha said, "But the Giant Stone Wall is the key to the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian's suppression of the divine continent. If president refines it, will there be all sorts of strange phenomena that will lead to the Imperial Court suppressing us?"

"That's a possibility. To be honest, it's still very difficult for me to fully comprehend the secrets of this Great Wall. However, riches and honor come from danger. If I can refine this Great Wall, the benefits will be immense. At the instant of refining it, my strength will greatly increase, and the imperial court won't be able to do anything to me. They can only swallow their anger.

At that time, the Imperial Court might even compromise. "Long Xiangtian laughed coldly." From now on, I will refine the Giant Stone Wall. " Rumble!

His will seeped into the Giant Stone Wall. Compared to before he fought with the Earthly Sovereign, it was thousands of times stronger. The Giant Stone Wall was stimulated by his will and there were all sorts of reactions.