Chapter 937
===========

The Emperor Of Heaven Makes His Move Chapter 934 The Emperor Of Heaven Makes His Move

After practicing the Dragonless Mental Method, the supreme wisdom in his heart was opened, and he immediately understood many truths and tribulations of the Heavenly Court in the future.

The Heavenly Court could enjoy Wuji in the future, but it was not without a price. Every once in a while, they must go through the baptism of tribulations. The Emperor Of Heaven also had his own tribulations. This was much worse than the Dragonless Mental Method.

If the Dragonless Mental Method was cultivated to the advanced level, there would be no disasters, no tribulations, no karma, no fate, and all causes and conditions would be regarded as nothing.

Because he did not need any energy from the outside world at all. He was self-sufficient, and naturally there would be no karma or fate.

After learning the Dragonless Cultivation Method, Primordial Chaos Demonic Ape realized that he had missed a great opportunity. If he had learned from Gu Chensha earlier, he would have reached the peak of perfection and understood the true colors. But now he also had some lingering fear and rejoice in his heart. He was afraid that if he had refused Gu Chensha, he would have fallen into oblivion forever. Fortunately, he accepted Gu Chensha's offer at the last moment and finally got the truth.

"Demonic Ape of Chaos, how dare you mislead the public with your evil words."

When the Chaotic Heavenly King heard the words of the Demonic Ape of Chaos, he looked serious. In fact, he also knew deep in his heart, but he could not say some secret things.

"I mislead the public with my evil words?

What a big joke. The Great Spirit God, you will also encounter tribulations in the future. And you, Maha God?

Even you, Zhang Ziran, are the seeds prepared by the Heavenly Court to resist the tribulations. "The Demonic Ape of Chaos said to them.

"This …" The Great Spirit God immediately hesitated, because he knew what the Demonic Ape of Chaos said was right. The Heavenly Court could not let these people enjoy the position of the Lord of the Divine Realm, the Lord of the Demon Realm, the Lord of the Devil Realm, and the Lord of the Immortal Realm forever. Right now, these people were like fattened pigs waiting to be slaughtered.

However, at this time, The Great Spirit God could not reveal his true thoughts, because he knew that betraying the Heavenly Court now was equivalent to courting death. The Earthly Sovereign and the Chaotic Heavenly King would be the first to not let him go. Other than that, he also knew that even if he betrayed the Heavenly Court, Gu Chensha's Yongchō would not accept him, because he was a two-faced person, and no one would trust him.

"I won't waste any more words. Everyone, join hands and start the sacrificial ceremony. All living beings will be of one mind and break through the Heavenly Court and fate. All of you will obtain immortality and eternity!"

At this moment, Lou Baiyue suddenly spoke, her voice spreading to every corner of the Four Wilds and the Divine Prefecture. "If you don't offer sacrifices, if you don't acknowledge the Dragonless Inner Cultivation Method, then you'll be one step slower, and will meet a miserable end in the upcoming great calamity. No one will be able to save you."

Following Lou Baiyue's words, many people who had wavered also began to chant the Dragonless Heart Sutra's incantation. Immediately, the entire Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds began to move again.

The crystal wall flashed with golden light, and expanded again. Many of the broken continents of the Heavenly Realm were drawn into the crystal wall, first melting, then turning into space, and expanding again, so that the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds could accommodate more living beings.

"Not good."

Zhang Ziran shouted again, "Chaotic Heavenly King, the many continents of the Heavenly Realm are the foundation for the Human Realm in the future. If all the continents of the Heavenly Realm are absorbed by the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds, I'm afraid it will be difficult for the Human Realm to be formed. Without the Human Realm, the Heavenly Court will lose its foundation."

"Right now, I have no other way. The only thing I can do is for the Emperor Of Heaven to take action. Perhaps he can save the situation."

The Chaotic Heavenly King was also at his wit's end. Not to mention him, even the Earthly Sovereign could only bitterly hold on.

"Where is the Emperor Of Heaven? Why hasn't he appeared yet? "

The Dharma Saint was getting anxious. He had always wanted to be the teacher of the Emperor Of Heaven, to make the laws of the myriad realms. With such a grand ambition, he was determined not to rely on the imperial court. But now, the ship that was the Heavenly Court was about to sink. In the face of such a situation, he had no ability to resist at all.

"Could it be that I, the Dharma Saint, have really made the wrong choice?

Ten thousand years ago, I comprehended the dao of magic. As the number one Sage, I established a family in the Divine Prefecture, created countless magic, and was the teacher of countless emperors. Who knows how much karma I have accumulated? What virtue or ability does that Gu Chensha have? He's just a brat. How could he possibly surpass me by so much? "The Dharma Saint was very unwilling to accept this. Rumble!

Just as Lou Baiyue was leading the imperial court to stabilize the situation and trap the people of the Heavenly Court, suddenly, from the depths of the endless void, a huge hand that looked like white jade descended.

The huge hand grabbed the crystal wall of the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds and tore it apart. Whoosh! The almost indestructible crystal wall was directly torn apart. Then, the jade-white hand descended.

It was perfect, without the slightest flaw. It seemed to contain the highest level of immortality, the greatest power, and the strongest principles. The hand of the huge hand was none other than the Emperor Of Heaven. The Emperor Of Heaven had finally made his move.

Lou Baiyue looked at the flawless hand, and didn't seem surprised at all. "Emperor Of Heaven, you've finally appeared. However, you can't do anything to us with just one hand. Besides, your enemy isn't me, but Chensha. We actually caused the Emperor Of Heaven to show himself. In other words, even if you hadn't shown yourself, the Emperor Of Heaven wouldn't have been able to control everything from behind the scenes." "Celestial Thearch, just reveal your true form."

The moment the Celestial Thearch's hand came down, billions of runes appeared. These runes formed the River of Civilization and immediately wrapped around the Celestial Thearch's hand.

The Celestial Thearch flicked his hand and bounced the River of Civilization away. However, the River of Civilization returned and repaired the crystal wall, preventing the Celestial Thearch's hand from flying out. Then Gu Chensha appeared in front of Lou Baiyue.

The Emperor Of Heaven's hand suddenly transformed into a human-shaped ball of light that appeared in front of the Primal-Chaos Heavenly Kings, the Sovereign of Earth, and Zhang Ziran.

"Greetings, Emperor Of Heaven." The Primal-Chaos Heavenly Kings and the others all knelt down.

"Rise."

The Emperor Of Heaven's voice was completely emotionless, but he still didn't reveal his true appearance. He was still a ball of light.

"Emperor Of Heaven, show yourself. You're already at a disadvantage, and yet you're still trying to act mysterious? I'm afraid that won't be a good thing. Let me tell you the truth. This incarnation of yours is no match for me." Looking at the ball of light, Gu Chensha knew that it was the Emperor Of Heaven.

"Gu Chensha, you really are the Heavenly Court's greatest tribulation. However, your actions will lead to the destruction of heaven and earth. All living things will be reduced to ashes."

The Emperor Of Heaven's incarnation of light said, "Also, my true body is right next to you. I'm also one of the higher-ups in your court. You just haven't noticed." "Is that so?"

Hearing the Emperor Of Heaven's words, all the higher-ups in the court looked at each other. Wen Hong looked at Zhuge Ya, Zhuge Ya looked at Gu Huasha, Gu Huasha looked at Longevity God, and Longevity God looked at Chang Yuzhou, Martial Sage, and the others. They were all suspicious of each other.

"Emperor Of Heaven, you're a supreme existence, but you're still using this kind of trick."

Lou Baiyue said, "This kind of trick can disturb the court's mind. Aren't you worse than a three-year-old child?" "Baiyue, what the Emperor Of Heaven said is true."

Gu Chensha waved his hand and said, "What kind of status does the Sky Emperor have? His status is far above that of the Son of Heaven. One word from him can change the myriad realms and bring prosperity to the mortal world. He definitely wouldn't lie. Among our higher-ups, there is definitely one person who is his true body." "Then, which one of us is the Emperor Of Heaven?" Zhuge Ya asked.

"That's not a problem."

Gu Chensha said, "I let all living beings cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra to make them completely self-sufficient, free and perfect. The Emperor Of Heaven is also one of them. If we can make the Emperor Of Heaven cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, it won't be difficult to make all living beings share the same heart. If even the Emperor Of Heaven can't share the same heart, then it's impossible to make all living beings share the same heart. Fourth Brother, don't you think so? " Gu Chensha suddenly said to Gu Huasha.

"That's right. The Emperor Of Heaven is also someone who can be assimilated."

The Fourth Gu Huasha nodded. "But we still have to find out who this person is, lest the higher-ups of the court feel uneasy. If we can't share the same heart, then there's no need to mention the people below us. "

"I already have an idea of who this person is," Gu Chensha said. "But it's not time to reveal the truth yet. Besides, I'm not completely sure I can suppress this person. If I rashly reveal the truth, it might cause chaos. Just remember, I have absolute confidence that I can suppress this person in the later games." "Oh? Is that so?

Gu Chensha, then I'll wait for you to suppress my true body. My true body is right next to you, and it could be any one of you. "

The light figure that Emperor Of Heaven had transformed into said, "Today's plan against you has failed, but I'll rebuild the Heavenly Court.

I'll leave the old Heavenly Court and the Divine Continent to you. That Gu Taxian has fused with the Heavenly Dao. He has enough power to create a brand new and powerful Heavenly Court. The war between us hasn't ended yet. In fact, it's just begun.

The war between us is also a war between the future and variables, a war between order and chaos, a war between life and death. If your Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method continues like this, everyone will die. "

"Emperor Of Heaven, are you afraid? If the future continues according to your Heavenly Court, how boring will that be? Won't all living beings never have a chance to rise up?

And even if it's your Heavenly Court, it's not truly immortal. In the future, there will be many tribulations for your Heavenly Court.

Emperor Of Heaven, I want to see how you're going to build a new Heavenly Court. "Gu Chensha looked at the light figure, as if he intended to let the people of the Heavenly Court go. Buzz …

The light figure that Emperor Of Heaven had transformed into suddenly enveloped the Earthly Sovereign and the others, and then disappeared. It didn't even tear through the crystal wall. It seemed to have passed through some mysterious space, and the crystal wall didn't even detect it.

This move represented the means of Emperor Of Heaven. In the future, he could enter the crystal wall of the Divine Continent and the Four Wilds at any time and stir up trouble.