Chapter 1027
============

Into Medicinal Pills

"The universe is completely out of control."

All the ancestors were still in shock as they watched the universe grow larger and larger. Something terrifying was brewing within it. At this time, the Emperor Of Heaven and The Fourth were both fearful and delighted. Actually, this was something they had expected.

At the very least, the two of them had reached the Heavenly Dao Realm, and the universe they had created had given birth to a powerful existence. As for whether or not that powerful existence was Gu Chensha, they didn't care.

Their original intention was to create a Gu Chensha to fight against the real Gu Chensha. But that terrifying thing had entered the universe and caused a new change. The thing that was born in the universe wasn't another Gu Chensha, but an extremely terrifying existence. Of course, this was something that the Fourth and Emperor Of Heaven had calculated.

"The aura in this universe is countless times stronger than the Zhao Jiangshan that was born in the righteous and evil universes. This aura might really be able to fight against Gu Chensha." Many ancestors were here to observe.

They didn't run away. Instead, they banded together to see what this out-of-control universe could bring them. They had almost been sucked into this universe, so they didn't care about the danger.

Because among the two thousand ancestors present, some of them hadn't cultivated the Dragonless Heart Art. Only a small portion of them had been reborn, severed their karma, and had the space to improve. Many of them knew that if they lost this chance, they wouldn't have the time to improve anymore. Hum …

The universe started to shrink, but the aura was getting stronger and stronger. It was as if it could destroy the world. Endless devouring power erupted from it, as if it wanted to absorb everything in the universe into its body.

This was similar to Fa Wuxian's devouring power, but it was the complete opposite of the Dragonless Heart Art.

The Dragonless Heart Art created a world, using all of one's spirit power to make the world richer. The Dao of Devouring, on the other hand, absorbed everything into one's body, pushing the Dao of Plunder to the extreme.

The Emperor Of Heaven, The Fourth, and Zhang Ziran turned pale with fright. "Not good. Let's go. If we stay here, we might be devoured." "You want to run? How could it be that easy? "

A voice rang out in the universe, and the devouring power swept over violently. The Emperor Of Heaven and The Fourth were unable to fight back at all.

"Oh no." Only now did the Emperor Of Heaven, The Fourth realize how big of a mistake he had made. They could only close their eyes and wait for death.

However, at that moment, a gigantic palm descended from the sky. This palm brought with it boundless might and light, becoming the only thing in the world as it pressed down from the sky. Bang!

The gigantic palm fiercely slammed into the universe, and the devouring power in this universe suddenly exploded, emitting a miserable sound. It completely exploded, turning into countless black gas that entered many places in the Human Realm. After that, Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, and the others appeared here.

"The Fourth, Emperor Of Heaven, do you know your crimes?" Lou Baiyue asked.

"What crimes did we commit?"

The Fourth frowned, "We were ordered to create a universe, once again nurturing a Heavenly Dao Realm expert. However, we were careless, and that terrifying thing took advantage of us."

"This time, if it wasn't for His Majesty acting, all of you would have died without a place to be buried. You all had ambitions and wanted to create a powerful existence to contend against His Majesty. Hence, this karma and fate was grasped by that terrifying thing, causing its will to descend."

Zhuge Ya said, "This way, it accelerated its evolution. Right now, although His Majesty has shattered the will of that terrifying thing, it hasn't been completely destroyed. This terrifying thing has entered many places in the Human Realm, and in the future, it will transform into many powerful characters." "This matter is not something we can control."

Right now, the Emperor Of Heaven's attitude was a bit inflated. He had ascended to the Heavenly Dao Realm, and right now, Lou Baiyue and Zhuge Ya still hadn't ascended. Therefore, in the depths of his heart, he definitely wouldn't allow two people who were much weaker than him to clamor in front of him. However, with the power of Gu Chensha suppressing him, he didn't dare to be too presumptuous. If it wasn't for Gu Chensha, he would have long since killed Lou Baiyue and Zhuge Ya.

"What?

Emperor Of Heaven, you don't accept our accusations? "Lou Baiyue's expression darkened," It seems like you want to resist His Majesty's rule? " "I'm just telling the truth."

For some reason, the Emperor Of Heaven, who had ascended to the Heavenly Dao Realm, didn't want to be a yes-man and bow and scrape. However, he also didn't want to resist immediately, because he knew that he was still not a match for Gu Chensha, "Since you think that what I did was wrong, then please report to His Majesty to punish me." "How dare you quibble here. Kneel."

Lou Baiyue took out an imperial edict, "This is His Majesty's decree. His Majesty already knew what you wanted to do, but I didn't think that you would really obey on the surface, but secretly oppose on the inside, and do something unmanageable here. Emperor Of Heaven, you are the main culprit." "I didn't do anything, why should I kneel?" Emperor Of Heaven shouted loudly.

"Stubborn. Do you really think that you can do whatever you want after reaching the Heavenly Dao Realm? How dare you disobey His Majesty's orders!" Lou Baiyue threw the imperial edict. Weng …

The imperial edict flew up and pressed down on the Emperor Of Heaven's head, causing the Emperor Of Heaven to kneel with a crack. Even though the Emperor Of Heaven had reached the Heavenly Dao Realm, it was of no use, and he was forced to kneel by the imperial edict.

"No …" At this moment, the Celestial Thearch could no longer suppress the humiliation in the depths of his heart. "I am the Celestial Thearch, an existence that dominates heaven and earth. You actually want me to kneel? I am the lord of all things, the supreme Celestial Thearch of all things. I am the embodiment of the Origin, the embodiment of the Heavenly Dao. I cannot be humiliated like this. Rumble!

The Celestial Emperor's grievance had reached its limit, and he finally began to explode. His strength increased again, and his spirit boiled. Many universes were born and destroyed in his body, and he repeated the process again and again. He actually managed to lift the imperial edict.

"You will all die. Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, you have humiliated me enough." Emperor Of Heaven stood up, his expression calm. "Nihility Ancestor, are you still not going to resist?

I can feel that the world has changed, and Gu Chensha can no longer control the situation. If he could, he wouldn't have let that terrifying thing's will spread out.

So, our chance has come. If my guess is correct, Gu Chensha is fighting with that terrifying thing, and we have a chance. Kill Lou Baiyue and Zhuge Ya now. " At that moment, some Ancestors heard the Emperor Of Heaven's words, and they were tempted to act.

"Ancestor of Heaven is stubborn, and he has rebelled against the government. This is treason and heresy, and his crimes cannot be pardoned."

Lou Baiyue seemed to have expected the Emperor Of Heaven to resist, and she took out a second imperial edict. "Your Majesty has decreed that Ancestor of Heaven will be reduced to a medicinal pill, and he will sink into oblivion for all eternity." Buzz …

As soon as the second imperial edict appeared, colors flashed in heaven and earth. Countless bolts of lightning and space-time flowed in reverse, and a river of fate descended, wrapping around the Heavenly Emperor.

"No, no, I don't want to …" Emperor Of Heaven panicked. "Gu Chensha, I was wrong. I shouldn't have done this.

Even if you want to turn me into an animal, I won't object, but don't turn me into a medicinal pill. "

It was a pity that the Emperor Of Heaven's cries and pleas had no effect. In the end, he was turned into a medicinal pill, which seemed to contain the entire universe, and countless stars and spaces flowed within it.

"Everyone, His Majesty has summoned you to discuss important matters." Lou Baiyue and Zhuge Ya looked at everyone coldly before leaving.

All of the ancestors present, including the Fourth and Zhang Ziran, didn't dare to resist. They just looked at each other, and in the end, they accepted the summons and went to the palace hall.

The first thing they saw was Gu Chensha sitting on a throne, high and mighty. In front of the throne was a table, and on top of that table was a medicinal pill. That medicinal pill was the manifestation of the Emperor Of Heaven. He had been the ruler of heaven and earth, but now, he had become a medicinal pill. Even if Fa Wuxian had become a dog, he would still be able to turn things around in the future. But now, he had become a medicinal pill, and if anyone consumed it, they would never be able to turn things around.

"Ladies and gentlemen, Emperor Of Heaven has committed treason and heresy, and has rebelled against my rule. He has ulterior motives, and therefore, I have turned him into a medicinal pill.

Gu Chensha looked around at the patriarchs. "If any of you have any ulterior motives, you'll end up just like him. However, if you perform a meritorious service, I'll bestow this medicinal pill upon you. After consuming it, you'll gain all of the abilities of the Emperor Of Heaven." The Fourth looked at the medicinal pill, and it was impossible to tell what he was thinking.

The Emperor Of Heaven and the Fourth had always been one and the same. They had fought each other, but had always been on guard against each other. Truth be told, the Fourth had long since wanted to consume the Emperor Of Heaven. If he could do that, his cultivation base would advance even further.

Although he had already reached the Heaven-Dao level, if he could consume the Emperor Of Heaven, he might be able to gain enlightenment of some of the secrets of the Boundless Deathless.

Therefore, the Fourth was very excited to see the medicinal pill. In the past, his cultivation base had been similar to that of the Emperor Of Heaven, and he hadn't been able to do anything to him. But now that he had the medicinal pill, he would be able to rise to a terrifying level.

"The Fourth," Gu Chensha said, "I originally wanted to turn you into a medicinal pill to pair up with the Emperor Of Heaven. Deep in your heart, you don't want to agree with my ideals. But we're brothers, so I'll give you a chance. If you do something like that again, then there's nothing I can do about it. Heaven and earth are about to change, and if you don't follow my ideals, then even if I don't kill you, you'll die a horrible death. As you know, that terrifying thing is actually a counterattack from the old world. In the old world, all living beings and countless civilizations were plunder. But now that we've given up on plundering, and have discovered the power of the spirit, the remnant will of the old world is going crazy." Gu Chensha continued.