Chapter 656
===========

"Forget it, although you hide a lot of things, you won't give me any actual benefits. If I let you continue to train with me and raise my realm, it will be really problematic for me."

Dou Yiyu didn't give Gu Chensha a chance. "I know that you still want to borrow my strength to break through to the Twenty-Seven Transformations of the Seamless Realm. That way, your three hundred and sixty common people generals can also break through to the same realm.

At that time, your control over the world will become increasingly strong. The destiny, faith, wishes, and cohesiveness you will obtain will also become more and more numerous. I've made a detailed calculation. If you make a breakthrough, then those Great Generals of Common Life will be able to increase the power of will of your dimensional realm by at least 30%. This isn't a small amount, but it is enough to change the heavens and earth, create a new universe, and break through a small thousand. "

Gu Chensha's advancement didn't just concern him alone. It concerned the Common People's Generals and also the world.

In the past, a state governor was just someone at five or six Dao Realm Transformation. When managing such a huge place, it was hard for them to take care of everything. Now, those governors had reached above seven Dao Realm Transformation and there were even many who had reached nine Dao Realm Transformation. However, there were many fortuitous encounters in the God Continent and who knew how many experts were born. There were many hidden experts among the people and it was tough for the governors and local officials to maintain order and rule.

If it wasn't for Calming Celestial Department suppressing them, some ambitious people would have established their own mountains and called themselves emperors and kings.

Of course, the Common People's Generals who had 26 Dao Realm Transformation and True Dragon Technique Stage Five were no match for them even if they had fortuitous encounters. They could totally suppress them unless they had really strong fortuitous encounters.

If the Common People's Generals improved and could tear open space and teleport, then that would be amazing. They would help one another and when they moved, they would be suppressed by lightning. Even God Realm experts would have to be careful.

The 360 Common People's Generals who could tear open space were the true foundations and pillars for the Yongchō that held up the sky. Gu Chensha was clear about this, which was why he was eager to raise his realm.

Moreover, he wanted to remove the obstacles for the Common People's Commander. With his own luck, he could also obtain fortuitous encounters. With regards to this point, his comprehension was starting to take shape.

As long as he comprehended it himself, he would be able to break the restrictions of Common People's Commander's puppet not being able to have luck. He would be able to change and obtain supreme luck. The current situation was complicated, so he had to increase his strength as soon as possible.

"What a pity!"

Gu Chensha glanced at Dou Yiyu again. "This woman isn't willing to exchange the secret of the Hong Meng Tree with me. From the way she activated the secret of the Hong Meng Tree just now, she has already completely grasped the essence of the Hong Meng Tree that the three Heavenly Venerables comprehended. If I obtain it and use my Heavenly Dao cultivation to simulate it, I will be able to advance almost immediately.

The Primordial Dragon Gate, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, and the Primordial Mist Tree are three great treasures that I can transform at will. If I split them into three, wouldn't their power increase by several times?

However, this woman is already extremely vigilant against me, so it will be difficult to obtain any benefits from her. " Just as Gu Chensha was about to exchange instigation with Dou Yi Yu, the sky suddenly darkened.

"What happened?" At this moment, Gu Chensha and Dou Yiyu both looked up at the sky.

Originally, the sun was hanging in the sky, but now, a layer of black ripples appeared on the edge of the sun. It seemed like a huge black hole that was about to swallow the sun.

"Another strange phenomenon? Black gas eroding the sun? "Gu Chensha said in shock. Every strange phenomenon in the sky was the beginning of a huge change.

"That's not right."

Dou Yiyu was also shocked. "This isn't the black gas eroding the sun from the last time. This is the concealment of the sun and moon, the arrival of a great calamity, the arrival of an eternal night, the sign of the end of the world." "The arrival of an eternal night?" Gu Chensha's heart sank.

The meaning of the arrival of an eternal night came from ancient records. It meant that the light between heaven and earth would disappear, and darkness would forever envelop the land. This was the so-called sinking of the sun and moon. What did it mean when the world lost its light?

First, all crops would lose their light and die, no longer able to produce food. Then, humans and living creatures would die in large numbers.

Gu Chensha suddenly began to calculate. In his senses, in the endless mountains, the sun that enveloped the Endless World was struggling fiercely, but it was still being pulled into the depths of the darkness by an unknown force. It was unknown where the dark force that swallowed the sun came from. It seemed to be a mutation of the Heavenly Dao, but it also seemed to be an inexplicable force.

This kind of mutation, this kind of phenomenon, not even the three Heavenly Venerables or existences at the level of Wan Senshi were worth mentioning in front of it, let alone him.

The sun that hung in the Endless World could be said to be the condensation of the Endless World's will. Who knew how much power and transformation it had gathered, even exceeding that of the Boundless World.

It was precisely because of this that the light of the sun could envelop the Endless World, contributing light and heat.

The Land of Infinity, the Endless World, was the only thing in the universe, the many dimensions, and the infinite space. The Great Sun in this world was naturally extraordinary. Rumble!

At this moment, just as the sun was about to be dragged into the endless darkness, a blinding light suddenly shone from the depths of the sun. Then, the entire sun shone with boundless light. Extraordinary light stacked on top of one another, dispelling all the darkness in the blink of an eye.

Then, the center of the sun exploded with blinding light, like a comet, suddenly descended, and then disappeared. The whole world returned to normal.

"This …" Dou Yiyu could no longer hold it in. "This is the sun resisting, activating all its energy to dispel the darkness, and then sending its essence into the world to save the world, to avert the apocalypse. This is a sign that the Lord of the Sun and Moon has appeared.

I don't know who obtained such an invincible opportunity to become the legendary Lord of the Sun and Moon. Since ancient times, the Lord of the Sun and Moon has only existed in illusory legends. This is also our chance. As long as we can capture the Lord of the Sun and Moon, we can reach the supreme realm. " "Is the Lord of the Sun and Moon finally going to appear?" Gu Chensha frowned.

This was not what he was worried about, but the terrifying scene of the sun being pulled into the endless darkness.

If the sun was really swallowed by the darkness forever, and the eternal night descended, then the Divine Land and the entire imperial court would be doomed.

Think about it, if the world was constantly in darkness, without the sun, moon, and stars, without light, how could people live? How could they produce? How could they cultivate?

If they went out, they could not even see their fingers in front of them, how could the imperial court function?

It was fine for one or two days, but if it was for a long time, the imperial court would probably collapse.

Now that the sun was struggling with all its might, it finally regained its light, which made Gu Chensha heave a sigh of relief. But he knew that it probably would not last long. Sooner or later, the darkness would explode violently, completely swallowing the sun, and the Land of Infinity would fall into the eternal night, never to recover. This was the scene of the apocalypse.

If the Land of Infinity collapsed, with this as the center point, it could even radiate to the infinite dimensions, causing the universe to collapse, and all things would return to chaos.

When that time came, it would be the true catastrophe. Not to mention the three Celestial Masters, even existences that were ten thousand times stronger than them would be annihilated. That was why Wan Senshi wanted to save the world.

Wan Senshi felt that Gu Taxian was entangled with the Heaven's Will, speeding up the fall of the Heaven's Will. Therefore, he wanted to activate the Great Rite of Salvation to save the Heaven's Will, kill Gu Taxian, and let the Heaven's Will devour Gu Taxian. That way, the Heaven's Will would stabilize completely, and turn into a brand new existence.

As for Gu Chensha, he naturally understood Wan Senshi's thoughts. But he was different from Wan Senshi. What he wanted to do was to grow stronger, hoping that one day, he could help the Heavenly Talisman Emperor in his battle with the Heaven's Will. He wanted to help the Heavenly Talisman Emperor defeat the Heaven's Will, so that he could transform into a powerful existence once more. In other words, the two of them had chosen different paths.

It was just like a war between two countries, where they would support the dragon that they believed to be the true dragon, and see who would emerge victorious in the end. The winner would be the king, and the loser would fall forever.

"Gu Chensha, what do you think of the current situation?

Why don't we search for the Lord of the Sun Moon together? As long as we capture him and refine the profound mysteries of the sun and moon within him, it would be a piece of cake for me to break through to the Empyrean realm. As for you, you can also quickly ascend to the Highgod realm. "Dou Yiyu suddenly said.

"Is that so?"

Gu Chensha didn't know what this Dou Yiyu was thinking, but since the Lord of the Sun Moon had appeared, he might as well capture him before he matured. This was also a necessary method. Otherwise, if the Lord of the Sun Moon matured and went against the Calmness Immortal Bureau again, it would be a huge headache.

One had to know that even though Zhuge Ya had become the Lord of Seven Stars, he was still far from being comparable to the Lord of the Sun Moon.

The cultivation speed of the Lord of the Sun Moon surpassed all other living beings. Even if they directly broke through to the Empyrean realm, they wouldn't encounter any bottlenecks. This was the Lord of the Sun Moon. He was an existence that had never appeared since time immemorial.

"Since the Lord of the Sun and Moon has come into being, he must have been blessed by an invincible destiny," Gu Chensha said. "How could we possibly divine the whereabouts of the Lord of the Sun and Moon? Where are they hiding? Do you have a way? " "I don't, but you definitely do. You know the Heavenly Dao Magic," Dou Yiyu said.

"If we join forces, we might be able to find some clues about the Lord of the Sun Moon." "Join forces again? How do we do that? Tell me. "

Gu Chensha and Dou Yiyu once again engaged in a battle of wits and courage. After spending so much time with this woman, he had gained quite a bit. At the very least, he had refined the Release Bow and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows, which flowed endlessly through his body. He had also glimpsed some of the mysteries of the Grandmist Tree.