Chapter 635
===========

"That's not all. Back in the day, the ancient Son of Heaven used this talisman to suppress everything, open up a myriad of worlds, and determine the fate of heaven. This talisman can amplify the power of magic and sacrifice."

The Dharma Saint's will spread out. "This time, I'll upgrade all of the Dharma Realms to a medium-class world. If I don't rely on the power of the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, I won't succeed. Wu Dangkong, if I succeed, I'll give you thirty percent control!" "Many thanks, Your Excellency Dharma Saint. These are the conditions we agreed on long ago."

Wu Dangkong opened the Sun Moon Altar. She had benefited greatly from this refinement, especially since she could use the power of the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman even more.

In the hands of Gu Chensha and her, this talisman could only be used as a sacrifice and for hiding. It had no offensive power.

But in the hands of the ancient Son of Heaven, this talisman could suppress and destroy everything. Even the old antiques feared it.

This treasure was as famous as the Prehistoric Dragon Gate. How could it only be used for simple sacrifices and hiding?

The offensive power of the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman was astonishing. It could even kill a Celestial.

The Dharma Saint knew many of its secrets, and was now helping Wu Dangkong unlock another secret of the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman. It could actually amplify the power of sacrifice.

Immediately, the thirteen Dharma gods entered the Sun Moon Altar and began their sacrifice. However, they weren't sacrificing to the Heavenly Dao, but to the Dharma Minor Worlds.

At this time, Wu Dangkong activated the Son of Heaven God Sealing Art. Sure enough, after the Sun Moon Altar's expansion, the power of sacrifice was enormous, almost ten times greater.

"This is borrowing the Dao of Heaven. It's not difficult to borrow again. We're borrowing the power of heaven, and when we succeed, we'll pay it back."

The Dharma Saint said, "I'm afraid the ancient Son of Heaven didn't comprehend this. The power of the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman is to communicate with heaven. Now, after communicating with heaven, we can borrow its power. This is the true essence."

"With the help of the Heavenly Dao?" Hearing the Dharma Saint's words, Wu Dangkong seemed to understand something.

"That's right, borrow power from the heavens and return it in the future, just like how you borrow money from others." The Dharma Saint said, "Hurry up and do it, our success or failure depends on this." Rumble!

Under the guidance of the Dharma Saint, Wu Dangkong unleashed her strongest cultivation. She seemed to have truly begun to comprehend the secrets of the Sacrificial Heaven Decree.

The 13 Divine level experts from the school of Legalism had been expanded by the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. The power of the sacrificial offerings and the world's power that they had unleashed was equivalent to 130 Divine level experts. With such tremendous power, all the magical realms opened up, and endless chaotic forces descended. They were then modified and squirmed, causing the world to expand rapidly.

At this time, the Dharma Saint suddenly roared. The True God's throne emitted many runes and actually completely fused with the world.

"The Dao of the True God, the changes of the world, the birth of creation, the brightness of the sun and moon." The Dharma Saint activated his strongest Sage Dao.

Instantly, the Torrent of Ten Thousand Worlds appeared in the school of Legalism's minor chiliocosm once again. It was unknown where he got this boundless power from.

'If it wasn't for that little thief stealing the Law Tree, All-encompassing Destruction Rod, Three Realms Seal, and other primordial treasures, I would have long since turned this minor chiliocosm into a medium-grade world. Why would I have waited until now?' When the Dharma Saint thought of this, he felt some hatred toward the Tranquil Immortal Department.

Gu Chensha had stolen those treasures and even extorted the Amitabha Prayer Banner from the imperial court, as well as Fa Wuxian's Enforcement Blade. In other words, the school of Legalism had lost a total of eight primordial treasures.

No matter which sect it was, even the Black Heaven Earth Sect, they would find it hard to bear such a loss. Of course, the school of Legalism was slightly better off than the Wu clan. The Wu clan had been completely wiped out by Gu Chensha.

All of the treasury had been stolen, and even Wu Pogong had become a slave. Now, one-third of the Wu clan's control over the Martial Saint's Paradise had been seized by the Tranquil Immortal Department. The Tranquil Immortal Department could make a move at any time and take over the entire Martial Saint's Paradise, erasing the Wu clan from the world. Even Wu Dangkong couldn't do anything about such a situation.

Therefore, Wu Dangkong could only cooperate with the Dharma Saint. He hoped that the Dharma Saint would be able to refine a medium-grade world and gain control over a portion of it. Then, he would use the power of the medium-grade world to suppress the Wu clan and seize control over all the minor chiliocosms, subduing King Wu Yu and the other Deity level experts.

Wu Dangkong hated King Wu Yu and the others to the bone. These old antiques. The Wu clan was about to be annihilated, but they still weren't willing to submit to him.

'When this medium-grade world is refined successfully, I will be able to seize back the Martial Saint's Paradise and control the minor chiliocosms myself. At that time, King Wu Yu and the others will all become my slaves. These short-sighted people.' Wu Dangkong had already started to become ruthless. Wu Prefecture, Wu clan.

At this time, in the depths of the space-time turbulence, there was a person wearing a bronze mask and a loose robe. It was the mysterious and unfathomable Wan Senshi. At this time, there was a person standing beside Wan Senshi.

This person had been enveloped by Wan Senshi's power. Clearly, he couldn't survive in the space-time turbulence.

"Martial Emperor, how is it?

You've died many times and been reborn many times. This is the third time. Do you have any insights? "Wan Senshi asked. This person was actually a Martial Emperor. He was reborn once more.

When Gu Chensha refined the Martial Emperor's original body last time, he even refined the Martial Emperor's Heart of Outliers. However, Gu Chensha knew that the Martial Emperor definitely had a way to resurrect himself. At that time, he had been distracted by many things, so he did not have the time to remove the means left behind by the Martial Emperor.

Moreover, Gu Chensha knew that the Martial Emperor had great luck on him and it was basically impossible to totally kill him.

"Lord Immortal Master Wan, if it wasn't for your supreme power, it would've been very difficult for me to revive. I've fallen into oblivion since ancient times. I didn't think that you would be able to revive me." The Martial Emperor was expressionless. No one knew whether he was happy or sad.

"You are at the Dao Realm 36 Transformations. He is an expert at the Embodiment Transformation Realm and stands at the peak of the Saint Realm."

Wan Senshi said, "Even if he died, a portion of his heavenheart will has merged with the Heavenly Dao. As long as we can grab hold of the chance and have enough sacrificial power, we will be able to revive you. Since the Dharma Saint has revived, naturally, you will be able to. But your current strength is so weak that it's pitiful. You are the equivalent of someone at the 20 transformations. You won't even be able to comprehend the heart of a divergent. " "I have already become a divergent. Even if I die, I will still be a divergent."

The Martial Emperor said, "As long as Lord Wan Senshi assists me, I will definitely be able to become a divergent once more and complete your plan." "You are indeed the most important part of my plan."

Wan Senshi said, "Although the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven suffered huge losses, it is still a small world after all. You have to become the owner of this world in the end before you can obtain the chance I want."

"What does Lord want me to do?" The Martial Emperor's eyes flashed. It seemed like his personality had undergone a fundamental change.

"Very simple. I will use supreme magic to allow your body to fuse with this Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven, helping you to secretly seize control of this grotto-heaven."

Wan Senshi said, "You are someone acknowledged by the Martial Saint. Hence, when you control this Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven, you won't suffer any retaliation from the Martial Saint's will. The Dharma Saint actually has his own thoughts and that is to help Wu Dangkong obtain the entire Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven. After that, he will use the power of the Law Realm to devour it. Only then would he be able to truly transform the Law Realm."

"Wu Dangkong is both stupid and greedy. How can she be a match for the Dharma Saint?" The Martial Emperor sighed. "The Wu Clan will be ruined in his hands just like that." "You can save the Wu Clan."

Immortal Master Wan said, "However, it will be difficult to keep the Martial Saint's Wonderland. In exchange, you will fuse with the Martial Saint's Wonderland and then be sucked into it by the Warlock Saint. Then, I will join forces with the Immortal Master to attack the Warlock Saint from the outside. In this way, the Warlock Saint will not be able to take care of both ends, and I will use my supreme mysterious technique to allow you to seize all the Law Realms. During this process, I will awaken the Martial Saint's will and let the Martial Saint's will suppress the Warlock Saint. In the end, the situation will be settled. You will obtain the combination of all the Law Realms and the Martial Saint's Wonderland. Then, you will steal all the Warlock Saint's savings and create a medium-sized world.

When the Martial Emperor heard Wan Senshi's plan, he couldn't help but sigh. "My Lord is indeed invincible. Such a plan is simply flawless. However, the Three Great Heavenly Venerables, the Black Heaven Earth Sect, and especially the Tranquil Immortal Department are forces that my Lord must guard against. Also, the Immortal Master is definitely not a good person. I don't think she will really cooperate with my Lord."

"These are all within my calculations. They are all little fellows. They want to fight with me in a battle of wits and courage. It's a little funny."

Wan Senshi said, "However, I am a little afraid of the Great Spirit God and the Xing Qiongshi. One of them is extremely cunning and the other is incomparably ferocious. If the Xing Qiongshi's 100 layers of the Great Divine Continent Technique were to be used, I'm afraid even I would be seriously injured. That punch can be said to be the ultimate attack. Fortunately, he can't use it now. However, this time, the Dharma Saint's movements are too big. They will definitely come out to take advantage of it. If my guess is correct, the Great Spirit God has completely fused with the Sorcerer Ancestor.

Unfortunately, the Sorcerer Dao's inheritance has been plundered by the Great Spirit God just like that. "

"The Great Spirit God is so strong?" The Martial Emperor was a little surprised. "Could it be that he has surpassed the Maha God?"

"The Maha God isn't weak either. However, he is sealed after all. I'm afraid he can't compare to the Great Spirit God now.

The Great Spirit God is powerful because he has probably comprehended some of the secrets of the Land of Infinity. That's how he managed to escape Gu Taxian's seal. Of course, this could also be intentional by Gu Taxian. He wants to keep the Great Spirit God alive so that his son can deal with him and use him as a training target, "Wan Senshi said.

"Is Gu Taxian really that strong?

Even my Lord can't defeat him? "The Martial Emperor asked the question that had been on his mind for a long time.