Chapter 309
===========

The two of them landed.

When they were in the sky, Gu Chensha felt that some of the demonic energy in the air started to invade his consciousness after he inhaled it.

Fortunately, since his consciousness rose to the 13th transformation, Demon Swallowing and Ghost Eating, there was a Pure Yang Intent True Fire that could refine all kinds of Spiritual Intents to strengthen himself. He just needed to use it slightly to refine the demonic energy.

He wasn't afraid of the demonic energy, but that didn't mean that the soldiers weren't either. It was inevitable that the army guarding the border of Sin Province would fall into the demonic path. Marquis Zhenhai had no choice, so he came to find Calming Xian.

His cultivation was unfathomable, being at the 21st transformation of Dao Realm. He was already an antique in Xuanzong Celestial Sect, but compared to Calming Xian, he was still weaker. A person at the 21st transformation could become a pillar of the court. Such a person was a Barbarian Emperor in the barbarian race and was rare in Xuanzong Celestial Sect.

Many military fortresses were built around the Bottomless Sea of Sin, but the soldiers were slowly retreating to prevent being contaminated by the demonic energy. Some of the fortresses were empty. Only a small number of experts were left here.

Gu Chensha and Marquis Zhenhai landed on a main fortress. This fortress was built into a giant city. It was dozens of miles wide and was built with giant stones.

There were many talismans carved on the giant stones that shone brightly. Some demonic energy was blocked by the light and couldn't get close to the city.

There were thousands of soldiers stationed in the city, all of them wearing Horned Dragon Armor. There were some talismans on the armor that could block the invasion of demonic energy. These were obviously done by Marquis Zhenhai.

"Greetings Marquis."

Just as Marquis Zhenhai landed, there were already a few experts waiting on the high platform on the city wall.

"This is King Chen. From now on, he will be leading you to suppress the demonic disaster." Marquis Zhenhai introduced. "Marquis, these are my subordinates."

Gu Chensha looked over and noticed that there were 13 people here. Two of them were actually at the 9th transformation of Dao Realm Glass Jade Body. They were all geniuses.

As for the other 10, four were at the 6th or 7th transformation while the rest were at the 4th or 5th transformation. This was not a small amount of power. Gu Chensha was secretly shocked.

"Greetings Marquis." The 13 experts were swift and decisive. They knelt down on one knee and shouted.

"No need to be so polite. Get up."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "The most important thing now is to suppress the Devil Qi here and prevent it from leaking." As he spoke, he used the power of the Nine Heaven Stars. Zi Zi Zi …

A sphere of dazzling starlight descended from the sky. In the end, it turned into thousands of symbols, engraving themselves on the thirteen experts' armors.

"Your Highness," Marquis Marquis Marquis.

"Your Highness, good move." Marquis Calming Sea praised, "Absorbing the power of the stars so quickly." "I'll add another layer of defense to this city."

Thousands of innate astral energies appeared above Gu Chensha's head. These astral energies turned into a huge whirlpool, constantly absorbing the power of the stars. After a full hour, they suddenly dispersed, turning into a rain of stars that rained down on the entire battle fort. The Qi. The Star energy. were. the "Dragon Star" the sea "When it" re "the" Clan '"were.

"Your Highness's methods are so exquisite, I am completely relieved." The Marquis of Calming Sea was very happy. "There is an urgent military situation at sea, I can't stay here."

"Don't worry, Marquis. The safety of the nations on the sea and Baoyu Nation will depend on Marquis." Gu Chensha cupped his hands.

Marquis Zhenhai nodded. His body turned into a cloud of smoke and soared straight into the sky, disappearing in an instant. His speed was ten times faster than when he came. Gu Chensha nodded to himself. Twenty-one transformations into the Five Elements was indeed powerful.

"Your Highness, what orders do you have for me?

We will risk our lives for you, "the leading general said again when he saw Marquis Calming Sea had left. Gu Chensha asked, "What are your names?"

"This general is Ximen Zuo, and this is my brother Ximen You." The two generals introduced the others one by one.

"Ximen clan is also a prestigious clan, it has been passed down for several thousand years.

Since the two of you are willing to serve the imperial court, it can also be considered as serving the country and the people. "Gu Chensha said a few comforting words, then turned his gaze to the distance. This fortress was built on the edge of a cliff, and under the cliff was the Bottomless Sea of Sin. The cliff was thousands of feet high, and there was basically no way to go down.

Below the cliff was a vast plain of three thousand miles. The plain was covered with weeds, which were as tall as a few people. They were densely packed, and no one knew how many monsters were hidden in them.

The weeds were not ordinary plants. They were like swords, shaped like thatch leaves, and seemed to be highly poisonous. Obviously, they were spawned by Devil Qi, or they were plants derived from another world.

If it were not for the cliff, many monsters would have rushed up and wandered around to kill and eat people.

This was also a barrier created by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. After filling and sealing the Bottomless Sea of Sin, it was compressed into a huge basin.

The basin had no exit, and it was surrounded by cliffs. It was a natural prison to prevent monsters from escaping. Of course, there were also monsters that could fly, but most of them could not.

"Your Highness, a few days ago, a few more seals broke, and the monsters became stronger. Some of them flew up and left, but they were killed by Lord Marquis. I don't know how many devils have gathered in the three thousand miles of the basin. I'm afraid that one day they will suddenly erupt and drown us." The Ximen brothers looked down with solemn expressions.

"It's fine." Gu Chensha waved his hand. "The two of you, follow me down." "Yes!" The two didn't hesitate. Whoosh! Without making a sound, Gu Chensha's body fell down the cliff.

The Ximen brothers immediately followed. In an instant, the three of them fell into the deep grassland below the cliff.

The demonic grass that was several people tall emitted a fishy smell. It was like the rotting corpses in hell.

The moment Gu Chensha landed, he saw seven or eight goat-horned monsters hiding in the grass. These goat-horned monsters had goat heads and human bodies, and were covered in scales. They were holding pitchforks made of unknown materials.

The pitchforks were dripping with blood, and it was also stained with the blood of another kind of ox-headed monster. Fiendmonsters were also fighting and killing each other.

Gu Chensha had read ancient records and knew that a large-scale attack by monsters had occurred during the era of Martial Emperors. There were many monsters, such as Sheep-headed Monsters, Ox-headed Monsters, Hawk-headed Monsters, Bat-headed Monsters … These monsters were all recorded in detail in the ancient records.

The goat-headed monsters were really strong and had iron bones. They also knew how to cultivate and had martial techniques.

Normal goat-headed monsters were similar to Martial Masters. They were at Mortal Realm Stage Three and were really tough to deal with. Peng peng peng peng …

Gu Chensha flicked his fingers and these goat-headed monsters were instantly controlled. They were like walking corpses as they laid in the grass and didn't move at all. This was the 12th transformation of Dao Realm, soul stealing. The Ximen brothers took a look and were really envious. They were at Dao Realm Nine Transformation.

They had to cultivate really hard before they could step into the 10th transformation, much less the 12th.

Although the two of them were geniuses, their cultivation environment was far from that of the people under Gu Chensha.

In Gu Chensha's land, in the depths of the Xuanwu Nest, they had numerous resources, pills, supreme cultivation techniques, and experts to teach them. This was not something that Marquis Zhenhai's subordinates could compare to.

"What does King want to do?" Ximen Zuo asked.

"These monsters are the best crafting materials for me. I want to get rid of them once and for all."

Gu Chensha took out a fist-sized seed. This seed was as red as blood and it looked like a heart that was wriggling.

"This is the seed of the Blood Sucking Demon Vine?"

Ximen Zuo recognized it, "It is a demon vine in the wilderness. When it grows, it can wrap around living beings and suck their blood. Does King want to use it to deal with these monsters?

Unfortunately, although it sounds terrifying, that is only to normal martial artists. Its vines are easily sliced off. "

When the Blood Sucking Demon Vine grew, it was like a tree. The vines were like arms that wrapped around living beings. Even martial masters wouldn't be able to escape. But as long as one stepped into Dao Realm, one would be able to deal with the vines. The Blood Sucking Demon Vine's seed was a spiritual herb and was really valuable. But it was useless against demons.

"This is the seed of the Blood Sucking Demon Vine, I specially brought it over."

Gu Chensha buried the seed in the ground and then activated his body's energy. The seed suddenly sprouted and grew into a small sapling. The vines were like long whips. They suddenly stabbed into the bodies of the few Sheep-head Monsters. Gulong, gulong.

A sound like that of a cow drinking water spread out. In just a short while, the vines sucked the few Sheep-head Monsters dry.

"The souls of these few Sheep-head Monsters are gone? This Blood Sucking Demon Vine? "

The two Ximen brothers were shocked to discover that the Blood Sucking Demon Vine seemed different. It could actually absorb souls.

"I used the Sky Demon Mystic Technique to refine the Blood Sucking Demon Vine's seed. It can evolve into a Seven Colored Demon Vine, and one step further would be the Ghostly God Touch, and one step further would be the Sky Demon Tree. With so many monsters as fertilizer, along with my Sky Demon Mystic Technique and the supreme Dao of the Stars, it will definitely become a sapling of the Sky Demon Tree. Once the tree is formed, it will be able to continuously absorb demonic energy and monsters to grow on its own. Moreover, the Sky Demon Tree will bear many fruits. Those fruits can nourish essence energy and can even form all sorts of demon soldiers and demon generals." Gu Chensha naturally came prepared.

He didn't have any Dharma treasures on him and was about to refine one. Thus, he thought of the Sky Demon Tree in the Book of Sky Demon.

The Book of Sky Demon had many methods to refine Dharma treasures, but it was very difficult. Some even involved the transformation of space.

Furthermore, any Dharma treasure had to be refined over a long period of time. Some Dharma treasures even required dozens of generations of a sect to refine for thousands of years.

Gu Chensha's Dragon Gate was opportunistic. He had fused many Dharma treasures together, coupled with the power of the Son of Heaven's God Bestowment Art and the Great Massacre God Art, as well as the power of the Heavenly Dao of the Sacrificial Talisman.

Even so, now that it had condensed into the Common People's Wish sphere, it would require a long period of tempering. Finally, it could be called a true Dharma treasure. Otherwise, it would just be miscellaneous items pieced together from many Dharma treasures.

As for the Sky Demon Tree, it was relatively easy to refine. It was something that could grow on its own, but refining it required a large amount of souls and blood. It was too harmful to the harmony of the heavens.

In ancient times, a great demon had sacrificed countless lives to refine this tree. In the end, people from the Righteous Dao came to slay the demon. However, now that Gu Chensha was using these monsters to feed the tree, there were no obstacles.

The refinement method of the Sky Demon Tree had long been lost. Furthermore, the first step was rather difficult. First, one had to find a Blood Sucking Demon Vine seed and use a mystic technique to activate it, changing its structure and life essence to refine it into a Sky Demon Tree.