Chapter 930
===========

"Emperor Of Heaven, do you think he'll make a move this time?"

Nangong Xun suddenly asked. "If he doesn't make a move, and instead plays with us, or uses us as a sacrifice, I'm afraid we won't be able to do anything about it." "The Emperor Of Heaven will indeed use us as pawns," Duan Xiaoxian said.

"Furthermore, it's impossible for people like us to appear in the future. So, after the Emperor Of Heaven wins, he'll use us as sacrifices and kill us completely.

However, this Gu Chensha isn't a good person either. So, if we join forces now, we'll hope that the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha will fight to the death, and then we'll take advantage of the situation. " "Don't worry. There's no way the Emperor Of Heaven won't make a move."

Xu Ziyu comforted Nangong Xun. "Actually, we have the upper hand now. We can completely wait and see. If the Emperor Of Heaven doesn't make a move, Gu Chensha will gain the upper hand through the ceremony. At that time, it'll be difficult for the Emperor Of Heaven to turn the situation around." "That's true. Then, if we don't make a move, the Emperor Of Heaven will definitely make a move? But who exactly is the Emperor Of Heaven? We still haven't figured it out, "Nangong Xun said.

"Let's wait and see. I have a feeling that the Emperor Of Heaven's true face is about to be revealed," Xu Ziyu said suddenly.

"Gu Chensha hasn't appeared yet. Is he not going to host the ceremony?"

Nangong Xun continued, "This ceremony has to be hosted by him for it to be justified. Could it be that he's waiting for the Emperor Of Heaven to appear?"

"I think he's secretly taking charge of the situation, ready to respond at any time. In fact, that eye in the sky right now is a manifestation of his will. That will has a panoramic view of everyone. It's no small matter," Duan Xiaoxian said. "Especially us. I feel that the eye is paying more attention to us."

"That's only natural. We're one of the top existences among the aristocratic families. We represent the aristocratic families' attitude towards the government."

Xu Ziyu said, "Look, the grand ceremony is presided over by Lou Baiyue. Actually, this is understandable. After all, Lou Baiyue has fused with the token left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor, representing the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor." At this moment, Lou Baiyue walked on the altar and began to speak. As she spoke, the entire Divine Land and the Four Wilds were filled with her voice.

"Citizens, cultivators, and all living beings, the Dragonless Cabinet of Yongchō is holding a grand ceremony today. It's not to worship the heavens, but to worship ourselves. Each and every one of us worships our hearts. Everyone knows the current situation. The heaven and earth have changed, and all spirit qi, immortal qi, and even chaotic energy have been lost, making it impossible for everyone to cultivate. But this is just a good start, and it's actually beneficial for everyone. This grand ceremony we're holding is the beginning of a new era. From today onwards, everyone's cultivation power will come from their own hearts.

The heart is the true source of power. Every one of us can obtain sufficient power from our hearts. Your hearts are limitless. The Heavenly Dao is limited, but the human heart is limitless. This is our ceremony. "

As Lou Baiyue's voice spread throughout the Divine Land and the Four Wilds, the hearts of the people in the Divine Land and the Four Wilds gradually calmed down. Much of the restlessness was gone. The fate of the nation was rising steadily.

At this moment, the scene of the great ceremony was reflected in the pupil of the huge eyeball in the sky. Everyone in the Divine Land and the Four Wilds could see what was happening in front of them.

"The fate of the nation is rising steadily."

Zhuge Ya could see that in the depths of the Dragonless Gourd, in the core of the greyspace, the destiny of the Yongchō nation was rising rapidly. And this was only the beginning of the ceremony. If the ceremony was complete, and people didn't need spirit qi, immortal qi, or chaotic energy to cultivate, they could develop their own hearts and cultivate. That would be perfect. At that point, the hearts of the people would truly belong to us.

A new era will be established, and the Emperor Heaven won't be able to fight back. I hope this ceremony succeeds. "

Zhuge Ya was the Lord of Seven Stars, and his cultivation base was unfathomably profound. But when it came to this critical moment in the future, he couldn't help but be excited. Lou Baiyue spoke again. "Everyone, what is the greatest thing in heaven and earth?

The human heart is the greatest. Everyone's heart is a treasure trove. Your innards are eternal and limitless. You can't be born or destroyed. Right now, the dao of heaven isn't raising you. It's giving you spirit qi, immortal qi, and chaotic energy to cultivate, but it's actually leading you down the wrong path. It's like raising pigs to give up on the pursuit of your own heart. Humans give pigs food, but their ultimate goal is to kill them and eat their meat.

Right now, we're giving up on the cultivation of spirit qi, immortal qi, and chaotic energy. We need to unleash all of our potential. We need to let our dusty hearts and souls shine with boundless light. That's what we need to do today. " Bzzz …

A scripture appeared over Lou Baiyue's body. It wasn't written in words, nor was it an image. It was like a cloud of smoke that didn't lose out to the written language of any civilization. But as soon as everyone saw the smoke, they were able to comprehend its meaning.

"This is the general outline of the Dragonless Heart Sutra. It contains the most profound secrets of the heart. During the ceremony, everyone will follow me and read the general outline of the Dragonless Heart Sutra over and over again. That way, you will be able to unleash your inner self. You won't need any external resources, and you will be able to reach a state of limitless expansion.

"Now, I declare the ceremony to begin!"

As soon as Lou Baiyue made the announcement, the entire greyspace of the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds began to seethe. Everyone could sense the greyspace expanding endlessly, and their hearts were filled with a feeling of limitlessness and limitlessness.

At that moment, all the greyspace began to resonate. In the midst of this resonance, an inexplicable power instantly spread across all the worlds. The Heavenly Realm, which had been on the verge of collapsing, actually slowed down its rate of collapse.

Then, all the officials of the Imperial Court began to silently circulate the Dragonless Heart Sutra that Lou Baiyue had displayed in the depths of their hearts. The ceremony.

The ceremony was not for the entire country, nor was it for the Imperial Court, nor was it for Gu Chensha. Everyone was offering sacrifices to themselves. They were offering sacrifices to themselves.

The purpose of the ceremony was to develop their inner self, allowing their inner strength to truly be unleashed. Bzzt bzzt bzzt …

During the ceremony, images of lightning and thunder appeared above the heads of all the officials of the Imperial Court. This wasn't real lightning, but the interweaving of various thoughts in the depths of their hearts. In the end, they resonated and created a strange scene. During the ceremony, Gu Chensha didn't appear at all.

"What should we do?" Nangong Xun frowned. "Should we follow the ceremony?"

"Let's wait and see. Once we do the ceremony, it will mean that we believe in Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra and approve of his ideals. This is probably not a good thing for us," Xu Ziyu said.

"Moreover, I must kill that Zhuge Ya and devour him. Only then will I be able to obtain the approval of the stars and finally gather all 10,000 stars."

"However, do you really believe that the Dragonless Heart Sutra can develop a person's inner self so that they can cultivate without any external help? Without being tainted by karma, without being tainted by fate, without being tainted by everything?

Although Celestial Venerables are said to be beyond the Three Realms and beyond the Five Elements, in reality, if they want to take a step further, they still need the assistance of all sorts of external help. For example, gathering all living beings to produce the ceremony, "Duan Xiaoxian said.

"I'm not sure either."

Xu Ziyu frowned. "If it succeeds, then it will be like creating a brand new civilization. The Heavenly Dao will have no restraints on this civilization."

"Then, I think we can cultivate this kind of cultivation technique because it can allow us to completely break free from the control of the Heavenly Dao?"

Nangong Xun said, "I obtained the Chaotic Heavenly Pillar and refined it into a transcendent artifact. However, I feel that the Heavenly Dao Emperor Of Heaven is still in control of everything."

"That's right. The Heavenly Dao Emperor Of Heaven is in control of you. However, if you cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, then it will be Gu Chensha's turn to control you."

Duan Xiaoxian shook his head. "We can understand the Dragonless Heart Sutra, but we definitely cannot cultivate it. If we want to cultivate it, there is only one condition." "What condition?"

Xu Ziyu's eyes flashed. "I know. That is, after Gu Chensha is completely annihilated, there will be no obstacles for us to cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra." "That's right." Nangong Xun nodded. Kacha, kacha …

Just as the three of them were communicating telepathically, the lightning above the imperial court official's head suddenly increased. It rushed into the crystal wall, and the entire crystal wall emitted a sound like glass shattering.

Originally, it was just the imperial court official worshiping himself with the Dragonless Heart Sutra. However, after so many years, the Yongchō had won over the hearts of many among the people. Many among the people also followed the imperial court official's worshiping.

During the worshiping process, they discovered that the potential in the depths of their hearts was increasing, as if they had really developed some kind of ability. As a result, more and more people followed the imperial court's worshiping. This situation was like a rolling snowball.

The Nation's Fate had truly reached its peak. It rushed into the crystal wall, causing it to expand and devour the continents of the Heavenly Realm.

"Not good!"

At that moment, Zhang Ziran, who was among the officials participating in the worshiping, had a thought. A mysterious thought was activated. "If this continues, there will probably be an immeasurable risk. I underestimated the imperial court's ability, and the speed at which the Dragonless Heart Sutra is expanding. If the crystal wall continues to expand, it will envelop the entire Heavenly Realm. It will then snowball into the endless worlds, causing space-time turbulence. At this time, the Emperor Of Heaven should be making his move. " Rumble!

As these thoughts flashed through Zhang Ziran's mind, Nangong Xun's body suddenly underwent an inconceivable change.

"Ah! What's going on?!"

Nangong Xun suddenly discovered that his body's cultivation base was rapidly draining away. All of it was sucked into the Chaos Heavenly Pillar that he was carrying. In an instant, Nangong Xun's entire body was sucked dry, leaving behind only an empty shell.