Chapter 229
===========

The Martial Song Star was hidden among the stars, inconspicuous.

But in Gu Chensha's Sun Moon Dragon Eye, this star was different. As the starlight flickered, it seemed to have a domineering aura. This was the concept of martial.

"Stargazing." Gu Chensha drew a circle with his hands, and his Xiantian Qi turned into a crystal screen. In this crystal screen, the starlight was magnified infinitely.

He saw that the starlight of the Martial Song Star seemed to have some kind of connection with the Wu Province. Invisible to the naked eye, the huge star power descended and was drawn to the five mountains in the center of the Wu Province.

Yang Wu Mountain, Yuan Wu Mountain, True Martial Mountain, Martial Transformation Mountain, and Extreme Martial Mountain, these five mountains had endless arrays that drew in the star power. It was unknown how many thousands of years it had been in operation. This foundation was not something an ordinary family or a second or third-rate immortal dao sect could compare to.

The Wu Clan absorbed the star power of the Martial Song Star and combined it with the earth's veins, nurturing many talents of the Wu Clan, resulting in many talents in the clan. Of course, these talents were mid-grade and high-grade talents. Geniuses and unparalleled geniuses could only be encountered by chance.

In fact, mid-grade talent was also amazing, and was called "General Talent", while high-grade talent was "Commander Talent".

Geniuses were talents that descended from the heavens, not something that could be created by humans.

Gu Chensha's Dragon Gate could create geniuses, which was equivalent to defying the heavens. That was the ability of the Dragon Gate.

But if all the geniuses in a large clan were mid-grade and high-grade talents, it was also extremely terrifying.

In fact, even in a Sage Clan, most of the disciples were mediocre, good-for-nothings, idiots, and mediocre.

"The Martial Sage Mountain Shifting Mountain created a huge array and mountain range for the clan, allowing the Wu Clan to prosper for a long time. It is indeed a method to reverse fate." Gu Chensha calculated, "Fine, let me see the wonders of the Martial Song Star."

His body moved, and a lot of Xiantian Qi appeared on his body, turning into 360 long banners, which actually formed a large array in the sky.

This was the Astral Divinity Banner of the Dao of Buzhou. It could be refined into a Dharma treasure using all kinds of materials and draw upon the power of the stars in the sky. However, Gu Chensha did not have the time to find the materials to refine it. Instead, he used the Solar Moon Transformation divine ability and Innate Stellar Energy to simulate this Dharma treasure and set up a grand formation.

The Transformation of Sun and Moon was able to simulate almost everything in the world with the Innate Stellar Energy. Even the most complicated martial arts could be simulated.

After so many days of arduous cultivation, Gu Chensha was now able to do nine thousand things at once. Although the power of the Divine Star Banner condensed from his innate Stellar Energy was not as great as the one he condensed from his innate Stellar Energy, it was more than enough for him to calculate the location of the Martial Song Star.

"Stars gather, Wuqu appears, Heaven and Earth change!"

Gu Chensha was deep in the formation. The Innate Stellar Banner that was formed from Innate Stellar Energy fluttered in the air, releasing waves of suction force.

It didn't take long for the spell formation to form a unique frequency that reached beyond the highest heavens. Sizzle, sizzle, sizzle.

About a few hours later, in the middle of the night, a tiny, snake-like starlight suddenly descended and fell into the formation.

"Condense, turn into a talisman, sacrifice!"

Gu Chensha captured the starlight. Nine long ropes of innate Stellar Energy immediately seeped out from his body and searched the entire mountain.

In less than ten breaths, the nine long ropes of innate Stellar Energy returned. They were actually animals, including tigers, wolves, black bears, snakes, and other ferocious creatures.

Gu Chensha used these ferocious beasts as sacrifices and used the Celestial Sacrifice Talisman to worship the Martial Song Star. This way, he could condense a mysterious talisman and use it to find the whereabouts of the reincarnated person who inherited the true essence of the Martial Song Star.

These ferocious creatures were wrapped up by Gu Chensha's long ropes of innate Stellar Energy and exploded in the air, turning into blood mist and ghosts.

Then, he triggered the sacrifice. In an instant, the starlight of the Martial Song Star flowed in the air and turned into a snowflake-sized talisman that landed on his hand.

"Very good, luckily I have the Celestial Sacrifice Talisman. Other people might not be able to deduce the true essence of the star, but I might be able to find it." Gu Chensha held the talisman in his hand and was satisfied with his own methods.

His Xiantian Stellar Energy turned into the Star God Banner and then into a long rope to search the mountain. This wasn't something someone at the Dao Realm Nine Transformation could do.

Even someone at the 15th or 16th Transformation might not be able to use Xiantian Stellar Energy so mysteriously like him.

Especially when he used his Stellar Energy to form long ropes to search the mountains dozens of miles around, even people like Yi Zheng, who had reached the 17th Transformation, Dao Splitting Soul, found it hard to do.

This required Xiantian Stellar Energy to form long ropes that flew dozens of miles away. Moreover, they split into nine at once. At this moment, Gu Chensha could be considered to have truly stepped into the Celestial Path. His methods were similar to those of the Celestial Path.

A few days ago, he exchanged techniques with Tai Mang Di in Jade Country and his cultivation improved greatly. He was really familiar with the various Celestial Path techniques.

"Star Searching God!"

He spun the snowflake-sized talisman in his hand. Instantly, the star talisman spun in the air and pointed towards a direction.

"Good fellow."

Gu Chensha was delighted. He followed the talisman and flew towards the direction it was pointing at.

After flying for a few hours, the sky turned bright and the starlight disappeared. A red sun hung in the sky, illuminating the area with a red glow. Suddenly, the talisman stopped moving and then scattered. Gu Chensha knew that the star reincarnated person was probably in this region.

He looked below and realized that there were many cities. He was already in the prosperous Martial Prefecture. He recalled the map in his head and knew that this was the capital of Martial Prefecture.

"Martial Prefecture is really rich and there are dozens of counties surrounding it. There are tens of millions of people, so there is no rush. Actually, how am I going to search?" Gu Chensha frowned but he still landed. He was going to stay and search carefully.

Pretending to be a scholar on a sightseeing tour, Gu Chensha appeared from the wilderness with a longsword hanging at his waist. He walked to the main road and entered the capital.

The road was paved with "stone and mud". It was wide enough for eight carriages to pass through. It was no longer the muddy road from before. On rainy days, mud would be everywhere, and on sunny days, dust would cover the sun.

Now, the main road was full of horses and carriages. There were even a few side roads to separate the carriages from the galloping horses and pedestrians.

"Martial Prefecture's construction is really good. Even the people are full of vigor."

Gu Chensha observed the customs and practices of the people and had a taste of it. His Clumsy Fist Path was originally aimed at the ignorant and suffering of the common people. By observing and cultivating among the common people, he could nourish his martial arts and cultivate new changes.

The people of Wuzhou were all capable and brave. Even the women and children knew how to fight. Gu Chensha casually walked on the road and actually saw some people whose martial arts cultivation had reached the level of Martial Warriors and even Martial Masters. Hyah! Hyah! Hyah!

On the main road, horses galloped like dragons. Dozens of cavalrymen whizzed past. The leading cavalryman was wearing leather armor made from the hide of Herculean Bull. It was almost invulnerable and very light. Moreover, the aura he exuded was that of a Grandmaster who had reached the peak of the mortal realm.

Although Gu Chensha had stepped into the Dao realm and was no longer a mortal, he knew that a Grandmaster of the mortal realm was also a rare talent.

When he first went on an errand and entered Ba Nan Province, the inspector only had two Grandmasters as guards.

Of course, that was the 15th year of Heavenly Talisman. Now, two years had passed. In these two years, the imperial court had won a complete victory in the Wilderness. Countless resources from the Wilderness were continuously transported into the pass. All kinds of resources were abundant, and the people were extremely rich. Many martial artists had obtained elixirs made from the blood essence of ferocious beasts in the Wilderness. Their cultivation had improved rapidly in these two years.

Gu Chensha's subordinates in the Calming Immortal Bureau had done some calculations. In these two years, the sales of elixirs by the Celestial Designer Institute to the common people had increased by more than ten times.

Cultivating Essence Pill, Vitality Pill, and other elixirs that were originally only available to the members of the imperial family had also been crazily flowing into the common people.

Not to mention other things, Gu Chensha himself had used the Blood Cleansing Pill made by the Venomous Poison Sect, as well as elixirs made from the Barbaric Bull of Strength and various herbs from the Wilderness to produce thousands of elixirs every month.

With such a huge amount of elixirs flowing into the common people, many experts would naturally be nurtured.

"Tsk tsk, these are the knights of the Tiger and Leopard Alliance. The one leading them is the third leader of the Tiger and Leopard Alliance, Ding Sanpo."

In the field by the road, there was a tea stall with dozens of tables. An old couple was brewing tea. There was also an eight or nine year old girl and a six or seven year old brat helping out with the chores.

The tea stall's business was good. Many people stopped here to have some snacks before entering the city.

The food and drinks in the city were more expensive than outside. It was better to eat outside and enter the city. This was the meticulous planning of the common people.

When Gu Chensha heard a few small merchants talking, his mind stirred. He found a table in the tea stall and sat down, ordering a cup of tea.

Although he had already transcended the mortal world, listening to the mortals' discussions at the roadside tea stall gave him a different feeling. His Clumsy Fist Realm seemed to be on the verge of a breakthrough. It had been a long time since he came to the mortal world to observe it. At this moment, he felt that he was still part of the common people.

"The Tiger and Leopard Alliance has been amazing recently. I heard that the Alliance Leader Jia Yidao hugged the Crown Prince Heng's son and worked for him. He received some rewards and actually stepped into the Dao Realm. He is like an immortal. He doesn't need to eat and can absorb spiritual energy from the air." A merchant was also discussing.

"Old Wu, you are bragging again. How do you know about these important people?" Another merchant mocked.

"Hehe, you really don't say. I am in the business of purchasing medicinal ingredients. Last time, I went to the Tiger and Leopard Alliance's concubine wine and gave him a congratulatory gift. I heard about it at the banquet."

The merchant called Old Wu smiled proudly. "Now that I have a relationship with the Tiger and Leopard Alliance, if you want to get rich, you can join forces with me …"

After listening for a while, Gu Chensha realized that this merchant called Old Wu was bragging a lot. However, he heard an interesting piece of news. It was that Gu Hengsha's son, Gu Tanjian, was running forces everywhere.

He didn't know what the Tiger and Leopard Alliance was, but he could guess that it was definitely a big organization among the common people.

Gu Tanjian was not simple. He might even be related to The Great Spirit God. Facing this person, even with Gu Chensha's current cultivation, he had to be wary.