Chapter 325
===========

As Wu Dangkong, he didn't want to build a base here and refine the Heavenly Demon Tree.

Once the Heavenly Demon Tree was successfully cultivated, the Scenic Martial Chamber of Commerce would be completely destroyed. Even Gu Zingjian's National Fate Party and the Second Prince Hong Yunhui would be pressured to the point where they couldn't even breathe.

A few years ago, the Celestial Designer Association was unfathomable in Gu Chensha's heart. Now, he felt like he had a chance to surpass them. He learned all the secret techniques in the Heavenly Demon Book and mastered the Great Massacre God Technique, Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique, Ten Thousand Star Flying Celestial Technique, etc. His horizons were broadened and he was comparable to many old antiques.

There was also Zhuge Ya, whose talent far exceeded the two old antiques of the Celestial Designer Association.

With the wisdom of so many people, the Calm Celestial Department's strength was increasing by the day.

"Right now, the biggest obstacle is actually the North Star Will, Aunt Hu, and a few other primordial divine beasts' wills in the Heavenly Demon Tome. They prevent our Tranquil Immortal Department from successfully refining the Sphere of the Will of the Common People. Without these few things, the Sphere of the Will of the Common People would probably be almost condensed. Then, we would be able to activate the power of this treasure and connect with our side. In that case, who would we be afraid of?"

The Common People's Wish sphere was really strong and had the ability to slice open space. It could send a large amount of energy to the Heavenly Demon Tree. The two treasures were connected to each other and formed a whole. When they circulated, they could suppress the Demon Region. But not now. Even with Zhuge Ya's strength, he couldn't suppress the North Star Will.

"Zhuge Ya is about to reach the 20th Dao Realm Transformation. He will have magic power. When that happens, his nature will change."

Gu Chensha was able to keep track of the Calm Celestial Department's movements. Zhuge Ya was constantly communicating with him.

Back when Zhuge Ya had become the true Lord of Seven Stars, his cultivation base had reached the eighteenth Dao Realm transformation. During the past half year, he had spent every day cultivating bitterly. He had reached the peak of the nineteenth transformation, the Size Manipulation transformation. At any moment, he would be able to combine his fleshly body, Connate Empyrean Energy, Nascent Divinity, and Golden Core, and transform them into magical power.

After reaching this realm, Zhuge Ya's control over the Life's Wish sphere had increased once again. He could definitely suppress the North Star Will within it and even devour the souls of the Primordial Divine Beasts. As time passed, Jin Suibo, Lou Baiyue, and The Fourth's cultivation would also increase.

It was especially so for the Skydemon Book, Buzhou Palace, and Dragon Gate. They were supreme Dharma treasures that aided in cultivation. Now that the three of them were combined into one, coupled with the Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, and the water and fire origins, their cultivation speed was even faster than the 72 Mystical Gates of the Immortal Dao.

The Tranquil Immortal Department had gradually become an invincible force that could move unhindered throughout the world.

Zhuge Ya had also passed on many of his experiences to Gu Chensha, so that Gu Chensha would not have to take many detours in his cultivation.

It was especially so for the Dao Splitting Separation and Great Dao Golden Core. Gu Chensha felt no pressure at all. As long as he followed the prescribed order and accumulated strength, he could definitely succeed.

In particular, the Skydemon Tree could absorb many monsters and convert them into elixirs to replenish Essence Qi.

Now that the Rainbow Demon Vine had transformed into the Ghostly God's Touch, it could condense the Little Ghost Godking Elixir.

It was one step further than the Rainbow Essence Fruit and was comparable to the Black Yellow Elixir.

If it went one step further, it could condense the Great Ghost Godking Elixir, which could replenish one's Dharmic powers. In Gu Chensha's fief.

Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, Jin Suibo, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, and Liu Yu were still constantly condensing the Life's Wish sphere.

Behind Liu Yu and the others, various phenomena of spring rain, summer thunder, scorching fire, autumn frost, and winter snow appeared. These were the manifestations of their divine swords. The divine swords had been completely activated and awakened.

These divine swords were left behind by the ancient gods who controlled the Five Seasons. They were treasures of heaven and earth and contained the essence of the laws. Now, the five of them were going to fuse the swords with their bodies.

"The five of you, gather your wills and fuse the five swords with your Primordial Spirits."

Zhuge Ya said, "These five swords have been refined by me using a secret technique and have returned to their original appearance. They are the condensation of the Five Seasons' laws. As long as you fuse these five swords with your Primordial Spirits, you will be able to ensure that your Primordial Spirits are not destroyed. They might even have some incredible uses. Once you succeed, killing Golden Dan Great Dao experts will be as easy as flipping your palms. " "What?

We are only at the Fifteen Transformations of Dao Realm and our Heavenly Eyes are suspended in the air. We can actually kill Golden Dan Great Dao experts? "Liu Yu and the others were shocked.

"That's right. You are the reincarnations of the Five Seasons Gods. Originally, you had many opportunities. Unfortunately, the Heavenly Dao changed and was distorted by others. Originally, your life path should have been to serve the Son of Heaven, fight against the Imperial Court, overthrow the Yongchō, and rebuild the world."

Zhuge Ya's eyes were filled with boundless wisdom. "Now, things have changed. You have become generals who protect the Imperial Court. That is the fate of your lives."

"Mister Zhuge, if my guess is correct, you are the reincarnation of the Lord of Seven Stars. You should be supporting the Son of Heaven and fighting against the Imperial Court, right?"

Lou Baiyue seemed to understand something. "Unfortunately, the Emperor used his peerless cultivation base to reverse the Heavenly Dao. He changed the course of the future and caused fate to change. Mister, didn't you serve the Calming Immortal Bureau? "

"Fate might not have changed …" Zhuge Ya frowned. "The future is shrouded in mist. I can't see the future clearly. Originally, I should have been fighting the Emperor and supporting the Son of Heaven. But as soon as I was born and obtained the Seven Stars Profundity, I thought about many things. I felt like I had to break some things. The Lord of Seven Stars isn't an eternal existence. She's just a puppet created by the Heavenly Dao. I can't accept such a fate." "Just what will happen in the future?" Jin Suibo felt an inexplicable fear.

"It's hard for me to divine. Only after the Emperor comes out of seclusion will he be summoned. I hope he can receive some guidance." Zhuge Ya wanted to see the Heavenly Talisman Emperor more than anything else.

Although he was the Lord of Seven Stars, there were still many things he couldn't see clearly about the future. There were very few people in the world who could guide him. Even the three legendary Celestial Sovereigns didn't really matter to him.

"Let's activate the mysteries and let these five people and the Sword of Five Seasons fuse with our Nascent Souls. That way, we'll benefit quite a bit," said the Fourth. Hum … The Common People's Wish sphere slowly rotated, and a hazy light shot out, covering the five people. Their Nascent Souls immediately left their bodies and transformed into the Five Seasons Swords.

The five swords disintegrated into runes and images that merged with their Nascent Souls. As they wriggled, streams of energy flowed out of their blood vessels. These streams of energy were the divine blood of the God of Five Seasons.

Jin Suibo, Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, and the others were more or less stained with some of the divine blood. They immediately understood the profound mysteries of the Five Seasons.

"We'll leave a portion of the divine blood for King Chen."

Zhuge Ya said, "King Chen is currently suppressing the Demon Realm and has mastered the Touch of the Demon God. Those monsters won't dare come out. When the time comes, that place will become our base of operations. We'll produce more treasures, pills, armor, and weapons than the Buzhou Palace. It's only a matter of time before we surpass the Celestial Designer Institute.

"What a pity. If I could free myself, I could go to the Demon Realm and refine the Heavenly Demon Tree with Chensha. That would be even better."

Lou Baiyue sighed. "Mister Zhuge, how long do you think it will take us to suppress the Gou Chen Will and Aunt Hu?"

"Almost." After Zhuge Ya absorbed the divine blood of the Five Seasons, he seemed to have transformed again.

His hands formed a complicated seal, and his body started to shrink. From eight feet tall, he turned into a speck of dust. He was almost invisible.

Suddenly, his body changed again. He was thousands of feet tall, like an ancient giant. He was as tall as a hill. Bang!

In that instant, his fleshly body exploded, transforming into boundless vital energy. It was like a river of stars, a waterfall of stars, and a dragon of stars that swirled around his conferred land.

At this moment, his Yuan Shen, Xiantian Earth Energy, and physical body had completely merged together to form a higher level of existence. That was magic power. Brute force, Earth Energy, Yuan Shen, and magic power.

Magic power was the combination of the first three. Once magic power was cultivated, the person would be the law, and the law would be the person.

Zhuge Ya broke through to the 20th Transformation of the Dao Realm, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence. He combined the three essences into one and formed magic power. This kind of improvement was the essence.

Magic power was a step further than Yuan Shen power. Activating magic treasures and refining magic tools were also different.

For refining magic tools, essence blood was used to nourish the magic treasure. Earth Energy was used to open the magic treasure's meridians and shape it. As for the Yuan Shen, it was used to give life to the magic treasure. Magic power was used to create laws for the magic treasure.

Zhuge Ya was the Lord of Seven Stars. With the help of the divine blood of the Five Seasons, he finally made up for some of the shortcomings of his physical body and formed magic power.

Once he succeeded, he immediately infused his comprehension and magic power into the Life's Wish sphere.

The entire sphere immediately spun at an unparalleled speed. Thousands of divine lights shot out and bombarded Liu Yu and the others.

As soon as the five of them were activated, they immediately refined the divine sword and fused with their primordial spirits. They were no longer separate from one another.

Their Yuan Shen was not in human form, but in the form of the five seasons. Spring rain, summer thunder, blazing sun, autumn frost, winter snow. Their cultivation levels also broke through from the 15th Transformation to the 16th Transformation.

"Very good."

Lou Baiyue was delighted. "The Calm Celestial Department's strength is rising. Although Mister Zhuge is at the 20th Transformation, his combat strength can definitely fight against experts at the 25th or 26th Transformation, right?"

"Almost. If I use the Life's Wish sphere, even antiques below the 30th Transformation won't be able to kill me."

Zhuge Ya said, "Now, we will activate the secret technique and open the core of the Heavenly Demon Book. We will suppress the North Star Will and Aunt Hu so that they can't move. Then, I will set up a plan to obtain the Peerless Heaven Book. With this book as fuel, we can completely refine the North Star Will and complete the Life's Wish!" "So, Mister has such a plan."

Jin Suibo said, "I went against the Peerless Heavenly Book's decree and swallowed a Five Star profound mystery of my own accord. Even though my cultivation level rose explosively, and my aptitude also increased, it was still the same as betraying the Peerless Heavenly Book.