Chapter 659
===========

"This is the means of the Heavenly Demons. The masters of the ancient Heavenly Demons have finally appeared to infiltrate the Buddhist Sect's Human-Dragon League. My guess was right.

The ancient Heavenly Demon Clan and the Dharma Saint have teamed up to launch Project Spirit Demon and cause the second Devil Disaster. This time, the intensity of the Devil Disaster will be far greater than the last. Even if the Tranquil Immortal Department cultivates a medium-class world and contacts the Three Great Mystical Sects, we will probably be annihilated. "

Gu Chensha had already understood many things. Coming to the Sin Province and hosting the Dragon League with his real body was indeed a good idea.

"Hahahaha …"

At this moment, President Qin Han laughed heartily. "I've gained quite a lot from my travels this time. Not only did I obtain the supreme treasure of the ancient Buddhist Sect, the Rulai Kasaya, I've also found three Buddhist Sect masters who wish to join me.

These three masters are powerful. They came from the Buddhist Sect. When they heard that the orthodox Buddhist Sect has appeared, they admired it and came to join. " "The Buddha's Kasaya!"

Gu Chensha said, "This treasure is rumored to be the kasaya left behind by the master of the ancient Buddhist Sect, the Supreme Buddha. It is no small matter. Obtaining this kasaya is equivalent to obtaining the legacy of the Buddhist Sect. "

How could Gu Chensha not know that the Buddha's Kasaya that Qin Han was wearing had actually fallen into the hands of the ancient Heavenly Demon Clan in ancient times?

This was an ancient secret of the Buddhist Demon Clan. If Gu Chensha hadn't obtained all of Jiang Gongwang's memories, he probably wouldn't have known where these secrets were.

In the distant ancient times, the Supreme Buddha wanted to purify the Heavenly Demon Clan. He even passed his mantle to a great demon. In the end, that great demon didn't convert. Instead, he seized many of the Buddhist Sect's treasures. In the end, the Buddhist Sect suffered heavy losses and didn't come out for many years. It was impossible for Qin Han to know this secret.

Now that the ancient Heavenly Demon Clan had appeared out of nowhere and set up a trap for the Dharma Saint, they had taken control of the overall situation. Next, they actually stirred up trouble in the Human-Dragon League. But Gu Chensha didn't point it out.

The true power of the Buddha's Kasaya surpassed the Divine Land Innumerable Ominous Armor, and was only below it.

Now that Qin Han was wearing it, it was impossible for him to unleash its true power. However, a God rank expert would not be able to harm him.

However, Gu Chensha knew that the core of the Buddhist Sect's mantle had already been corroded by the Demonic Dao. The Heavenly Demons had used a supreme divine power to directly control the Tathagata Kasaya. In fact, it had already transformed into a demonic garment.

"Congratulations, President, for obtaining an ancient treasure." Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "How should I address these three masters?" "Yuan Guang." "Round Darkness." "Yuan Hun."

The three bald monks put their palms together and announced their Dharma names. The monk named 'Yuan Hun' was the leader. He spoke again, "Heaven's secrets have changed. The successor of the Buddhism Sect has appeared. We, the successor of the Buddhism Sect who have been living in seclusion, have to convert to the orthodox Buddhism Sect. This time, we have come out to assist President Qin Han to revitalize the Buddhism Sect." "Not bad."

Qin Han said, "Three Great Masters, I appoint you as the Three Great Elders of my Human-Dragon League. Your positions will be on equal footing with the Vice President, and you will be in charge of the Guardian Vajra. How about it?" "Thank you, President. We will naturally follow your orders."

The three bald monks looked at each other and nodded. This was a sign that they were in control. It seemed that Qin Han had completely trusted them.

"Three Elders, things are urgent now. I'm afraid the Demon Disaster is about to break out. Patrol the borders immediately and gather the Guardian Vajra. Train and gather them, and pray for changes." Qin Han issued an order.

"Yes!" Yuan Guang, Yuan Dark, and Yuan Hun bowed again. Their bodies flickered slightly, and they flew out.

"It's been hard on you these days."

Qin Han said to Gu Chensha, "The management of the Human-Dragon League depends on you. However, there are some paths that I need to discuss with you about. Qing Shuiying, you may leave. " "Yes, President." Qing Shuiying looked worried, but she still left. Only Qin Han and Gu Chensha were left in the hall.

"President, what path do you want to discuss with me?" Gu Chensha said calmly.

"Ever since I established the Human-Dragon League, it's been an expedient measure. Originally, it was to fight against that treacherous concubine Wu Dangkong, but now it's hard to get off.

As my cultivation gets higher and higher, I've obtained more and more Buddhist orthodoxies. It's no longer a small matter.

Now, there's a problem. If I develop the Buddhist orthodoxies, I might come into conflict with the Calming Immortal Department.

Originally, the Human-Dragon League relied on the Calming Immortal Department to develop. If we leave the support of the Calming Immortal Department, it will be difficult for us to move forward.

However, if we don't develop the Buddhist orthodoxies, I'm afraid we will be despised by the Buddhist Sect. "Qin Han was very clear about this. Gu Chensha nodded to himself. This Qin Han was a clear-headed person. He said, "We are the Human-Dragon League, not the Buddhist Sect.

The purpose of the establishment of the Human-Dragon League is to punish evil and promote good, to expel evil for the imperial court, to promote righteousness, to cultivate one's moral character, to govern the country, and to bring peace to the world. This is the principle of a scholar. You and I are both scholars, so it's better to abide by our hearts. Besides, President, you should know that the teachings of the Buddhist Sect emphasize detachment, tranquility, lifelessness, and freedom from nirvana. They don't emphasize reproduction. How can we continue to develop like this?

If a race doesn't reproduce, it will gradually lose its vitality. This is a path of no return. If the Buddhist Sect was good at management, how could it have fallen to this state today?

Of course, President, it won't work if you leave the Buddhist Sect. Why don't you try another path? " "I'd like to hear the details." Qin Han listened very carefully.

"Reforming the Buddhist Sect and increasing its teachings are suitable for reproduction and development, suitable for the way of governing a country. This way, not only can we eliminate the conflict with the Celestial Tranquility Department and the imperial court, we can also make the Buddhist Sect, which has reached a dead end, flourish. If we succeed with this kind of contribution, we might surpass the Supreme Buddha and become the ancestor of resurgence." Gu Chensha actually thought of a good idea for Qin Han.

"Reforming the teachings, bringing forth vitality, adapting to the times, the ancestor of resurgence …" Qin Han digested Gu Chensha's words. Suddenly, he laughed out loud and bowed deeply, "These words have swept away the fog that has puzzled me for many days. From now on, if we follow this path, we will be worthy of the imperial court, worthy of the teachings of the Buddhist Sect, and worthy of the people of the world." "This Qin Han is indeed worthy of the qualities of a scholar."

Gu Chensha thought to himself, "In that case, he also understands the path that he wants to walk, so I can't let him be corrupted by demons. Instead, I'll let him establish his own sect. The power of the Buddha's Kasaya is above that of the Divine Prefecture Innumerable Ominous Armor. I'll completely stimulate this person's vitality and suppress the demons."

The Buddha's Kasaya had been obtained by the Heavenly Demon Clan in ancient times. The deepest part of it had been demonized. On the surface, it was given to Qin Han, but in reality, it was used as a tool to control Qin Han.

If it was in the past, Gu Chensha would not have been able to get rid of it. But now that he had refined the Bow of Liberation and the Arrows of Permanence and Impermanence, he had obtained the deepest mysteries of the Buddhist Sect.

Moreover, he had already thought of a way for the Buddhist Sect to extricate themselves from their predicament. That was to let Qin Han reform the teachings and revive the Buddhist Sect.

He would make the Buddhist Sect more secular, but at the same time, he would maintain his core qualities. That way, the Buddhist Sect would become a kind of culture that would inject new blood into the culture of the Great Yongchō. This was what it meant to be able to accommodate all rivers into the sea.

Having thought this through, Gu Chensha felt very happy. His clone, Fang Lin, did not move. His real body took advantage of the moment when Qin Han was laughing to strike. Without anyone noticing, he sent a bunch of Buddha characters into the Buddha's Kasaya.

At the same time, Gu Chensha sent out a telepathic message that traversed through time and space to communicate with the Paramita Golden Mountain.

"The will left behind by the ancient Buddhist Sect. I've decided to groom Qin Han and have him reform the Buddhist Sect. Only then will the Buddhist Sect be able to shine with true vitality. If the Buddhist Sect remains stuck in the old ways, even if it flourishes for a while, it will eventually fall. This is what it means to revolutionize the will of the heavens." As Gu Chensha's will was transmitted, the Buddhist Sect seemed to have sensed it. RUMBLE!

From the Paramita Golden Mountain, another wave of energy burst forth. It opened up time and space and poured into the top of Qin Han's head.

"Alright, will left behind by the Buddhist Sect. Since you've acknowledged my method, then cooperate with me. I've grasped the Release Bow and the Impermanence Arrow. After refining them completely, I'll be able to use these treasures in many ways. Today, I'll pierce through Qin Han's body with these two arrows and comprehend the strongest will. At the same time, I'll remove the latent danger of the Heavenly Demon Clan. At the same time, I'll remove the latent danger of the Heavenly Demon Clan. At the same time, I'll remove the latent danger of the Heavenly Demon Clan. At the same time, I'll remove the latent danger of the Heavenly Demon Clan. At the same time, I'll remove the latent danger of the Heavenly Demon Clan. At the same time, I'll remove the latent danger of the Heavenly Demon Clan. At the same time, I'll remove the latent danger of the Heavenly Demon Clan. At the same time, I'll remove the latent danger of the Heavenly Demon Clan. At the same time, I'll remove the latent danger of the Heavenly Demon Clan. At the same time, I'll remove the latent danger of the Heavenly Demon Clan. At the same time, I'll remove the latent danger of the Heavenly Demon Clan. At the same time, I'll remove the latent danger of the Heavenly Demon Clan. At the same time, I'll remove the latent danger of the Heavenly Demon Clan. Gu Chensha's will was to make a complete deal with the Buddhist Sect, to reveal their trump cards.

He wanted to obtain all of the orthodoxy of the Buddhism Sect, including the comprehension and memories of the Supreme Buddha, as well as the cultivation comprehension of countless giants of the Buddhism Sect, as well as the various scriptures, cultivation methods from the lowest to the highest, the way of governance, and the rules of the sect. These were all the secrets of a civilization. Gu Chensha wanted to know everything.

Gu Chensha wanted to obtain all the knowledge of the countless outstanding figures of the Buddhist Sect, their wisdom, their research, and everything they had left behind. Regarding the universe, the human heart, the laws of nature, the future, the chaos, and the past, Gu Chensha wanted all of it.

"I need to know everything about the Buddhist Sect. Only then can I help the Qin and Han reform their teachings. I need to integrate this civilization into the Great Yongchō Civilization, becoming a part of our culture. Then, the Buddhist Sect will have a long period of peace, truly becoming a part of eternity. If you don't want to, then there's nothing I can do. Only by raising my cultivation can I help you expel the Heavenly Demons.

If you rely on your strength, I'm afraid you'll have to tangle with the Heavenly Demons. Furthermore, the Heavenly Demons have already cooperated with the Dharma Saint. If the Buddhist Sect doesn't make a choice, I'm afraid it'll be devoured. Although the Paramita Golden Mountain is a medium-class world, it's been a long time. If this continues, it will definitely decline. "Gu Chensha's heart was calm.