Chapter 260
===========

"You will soon know who I am."

Gu Chensha did not reveal his true appearance. Instead, he activated the Sun-Moon Transformation to change his appearance and temperament. Recently, his Dharma Spells had improved very quickly. Many people did not know about it.

Ever since he obtained the Book of Sky Demon and improved the Clumsy Fist Technique into the Common People Heaven Mending Technique, his temperament had undergone an earth-shattering change and was completely different from before.

Later, he cultivated with Lou Baiyue again and completely comprehended the Book of Sky Demon, forming the Dragon Gate and perfecting the Common People Heaven Mending Technique. Then, he visited Wen Hong and obtained the Ten Thousand Star Flying Immortal Art, Buzhou Palace, and various other teachings. At this moment, Gu Chensha already had the aura of an old antique.

"No matter who you are, kill!"

Jian Chengkong pointed with his finger and thousands of sword lights gathered into a river, blasting in front of Gu Chensha. But it was to no avail. Any sword lights were completely engulfed before they could even get close to his body.

"Star Soldiers Gather Spirit, Ten Thousand Star Flying Immortal, Descend to the Mortal World, Swiftly Traverse the Heavens."

Gu Chensha did not waste any more words. He was prepared to end the battle quickly and capture these three outstanding disciples of the Mystic Gate. If it was in the past, he would at most be tied with Jing Fanxing.

But now that the Dragon Gate had been reformed, even three or four Jing Fanxing's were no match for him.

One had to know that in the depths of the Dragon Gate, there were still nine Saintly Dragon Celestial Soldiers condensing day and night.

The moment he activated his cultivation technique, the sky within a radius of dozens of miles shone with starlight.

Countless starlight shot down and under the control of his Divine Will, they transformed into Heavenly Soldiers and Heavenly Generals.

These Heavenly Soldiers and Heavenly Generals were all dazzling with starlight armor and long spears in their hands. They rotated back and forth, secretly forming a large formation. There were more than three thousand of these Heavenly Soldiers and Heavenly Generals.

The formation they formed was also filled with a murderous aura, causing the three of them to be unable to move.

"This is …! The Star Immortal Soldiers of the Ten Thousand Star Flying Immortal Art! Who are you? Could they be Wen Hong's men?

No, in order to reach this level, the Stellar Soldiers need to be at least Golden Dan of the Great Dao. The most outstanding disciple under Wen Hong is only Chen Tianhuang. "Jing Fanxing's expression changed drastically.

Gu Chensha had comprehended the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art. He had borrowed the power of the Buzhou Palace to create a Stellar Immortal Weapon.

However, the Starry Celestial Weapon he had created couldn't last long. It wasn't complete. It could be said that it was a temporary puppet, not a real Celestial Weapon with its own life. The 10,000 Stars Flying Immortal Art was indeed the pinnacle of using the power of the stars.

It wasn't without reason that Wen Hong had relied on this divine ability to contend with the old-timers and even Gods.

Thousands of Star Immortal Soldiers formed a formation. In just an instant, the incomparably mighty Star Power completely enveloped the three of them.

The three of them were within the grand formation formed from the Stellar Immortal Weapons, and they utilized all their techniques with the intention of blasting open the formation and escaping with their lives.

At this moment, the three of them no longer had any hopes of defeating Gu Chensha. Instead, they hoped to escape. The techniques that Gu Chensha had displayed were not something that they could stand up to.

"Trying to run?"

Gu Chensha saw Jing Fanxing suddenly activate a magic treasure in the middle of the matrix. The magic treasure was vermillion in color, and it was a small box. When the box was opened, there was a thunderbolt. It seemed like it was going to tear the matrix apart and escape with the three of them. But Gu Chensha was prepared. In that instant, he let out a long howl.

The Buzhou Palace in the depths of the Dragon's Gate spun violently. Vast amounts of Star Power descended, forming the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermilion Bird, and the Black Tortoise.

Gu Chensha had used the Buzhou Palace to absorb the power of the stars, and he had actually used all 28 Constellation Fey God Transformations. Rumble!

The 28 Constellation Fey Gods formed the Four Constellation Divine Beasts, and their immense power instantly shattered all of the three's counterattacks. Withdraw!

Gu Chensha saw that Jing Fanxing and the other two were coughing up blood, their stellar energy was in chaos, and they were delirious. He knew that his strength had risen to a terrifying level.

It was not unusual for him to be able to defeat someone, but to capture them alive and not give them a chance to fight back was much more difficult.

Logically speaking, even if it was one or two transformations higher, the weaker ones would still have the means to destroy indiscriminately.

The light of the stars in a radius of several dozen li suddenly condensed into a sphere that froze the three of them within. Then, it began to change, and was sucked into the depths of the Dragon's Gate. Just like that, the three of them were captured alive.

After capturing the three of them, Gu Chensha looked around, then pressed down on the ground, leaving behind many traces of the power of the stars. Only then did he fly away.

He wanted people to know that these were traces of the Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art, so that they would suspect Wen Hong.

In the blink of an eye, he had captured the three of them and flown into the Calming Immortal Department. At his current speed, even some of the old antiques might not be able to match up to him.

Thinking back to the day when the Heavenly Talisman Emperor held a court meeting, Jian Chengkong, Xiao Wujin, and the others were all peerless experts in Gu Chensha's eyes, and there was no way they could contend against him. But now, in just a few short years, these people could be annihilated in the blink of an eye.

His improvement was so great that even Gu Chensha, who was indifferent to worldly affairs, felt a little proud.

In the Calming Immortal Department, Lou Baiyue and The Fourth were still handling documents, approving official documents, and meeting with officials and immortal cultivators. They were extremely busy every day. At this time, The Fourth was meeting with a few Confucians.

"Mister Feng, I heard that your Spiritual Light Poetry Society has been doing very well recently."

The Confucian opposite The Fourth asked in a friendly manner, "However, it seems that a portion of the Spiritual Light Poetry Society is working with the National Fortune Party, stirring up chaos and inverting right and wrong. What do you think, mister?"

The middle-aged Confucian hurriedly said, "The leader of the National Fortune Party is the Crown Prince's son. The Crown Prince has been extorting taxes and has been reprimanded by His Majesty. Now, the Crown Prince has formed a clique for personal gain and is talking nonsense about politics. It's clear that he has disloyal intentions. After I return, I will definitely reorganize the Poetry Society and draw a clear line between them and the National Fortune Party. At the same time, I will strictly forbid the Feng Clan's disciples from accepting any recruitment," the middle-aged Confucian hurriedly said.

"That's good." The Fourth chatted with the other Confucians for a while before sending them off.

"So Fourth Brother is trying to rope in the scholars of the various great clans. That middle-aged man just now is from the Feng Clan. I remember that back in the Martial Prefecture, I was on good terms with the Feng Clan's Feng Yuzhou.

In order to obtain the Dragon Raising Pill, Feng Yuzhou wants to rely on Gu Tanjian. "Gu Chensha recalled some of the things that happened back in the Martial Prefecture.

"Fourth Brother, you've been roping in some of the prestigious scholars from the various clans. How are the results?" Gu Chensha asked.

"The results are alright, but that Gu Tanjian's National Fortune Party has even more Confucian scholars. That's because Gu Tanjian is willing to pay any price to rope us in with the Dragon Raising Pill. We don't have the capital to do that. It seems like he really has the support of the most cunning ancient god, The Great Spirit God." The Fourth sighed.

"The Great Spirit God isn't the strongest among the ancient gods, but he is definitely the most cunning. Every time, he would attach himself to the ancient Son of Heaven and obtain many benefits. He would command the Giant Spirit Soldiers for the ancient Son of Heaven. In the end, after Son of Heaven Zhou fell, he disappeared with the Giant Spirit Soldiers."

Gu Chensha already knew how cunning this god was. "Gu Tanjian has the support of this god. We must be careful." "Nineteenth Brother, did you capture Jing Fanxing?" The Fourth asked.

"That's right. Right now, Jing Fanxing, Xiao Wujin, and Jian Chengkong are being suppressed in the Dragon Sect."

Gu Chensha's eyes were filled with killing intent. "These three are quite daring. They actually want to contact experts to assassinate the people of the Calmness Department. I'll make the first move to gain the upper hand." "Alright!"

Lou Baiyue walked out of the Calmness Department. She was brimming with energy. Her cultivation seemed to have improved again. "They were actually able to capture Jing Fanxing and prevent him from sending a distress signal. It seems like the cooperation between the Dragon Sect and Buzhou Palace can really turn the tides."

"What do we do after we capture Jing Fanxing?" Gu Chensha asked. "I think we can make a big deal out of his relationship with Wu Dangkong." "We can indeed make a big deal out of it."

Lou Baiyue nodded. "I've recently received intelligence that Wu Dangkong will soon join hands with Gu Danjian to attack us through public opinion. They must make sure to make the Calming Immortal Department stink to the point of being condemned by everyone. Then we will act in the imperial court. Then we can give them a taste of their own medicine. " "Yes, make a big deal out of Jing Fanxing."

With a cold laugh Lao Si said, "Wudang Air Disaster has caused chaos in the imperial court, we must make this woman's head and face covered in dirt. Everybody in the world knows that Jing Fanxing is this woman's fiancé, we must force Jing Fanxing to come out.

We will make him say that Wu Dangkong has an affair with him. Not only did he cause chaos in the imperial court, but he also colluded with the Immortal Dao to harm the imperial court. When that happens, let's see if Wu Dangkong can still stay in the palace. " "This plan is truly vicious."

Gu Chensha nodded repeatedly. "But a man must be ruthless. Since Wu Dangkong wants to deal with us and ruin the empire, then we need not be polite to her."

"But His Majesty made her a minister in the Imperial Study. If we take her down, will it ruin His Majesty's plans?" Lou Baiyue thought deeper.

"I don't think so."

The Fourth Prince waved his hand and said, "Our actions are definitely within Father's calculations. It is impossible for Father to not know that after Wu Dang Kong took control of the imperial court, this woman would do the opposite and would not work for the imperial court wholeheartedly. However, he still let this woman become the Regent of the Empire. This means that he must have predicted that we would make a move against this woman.

"That makes sense. In short, whoever corrupts the world must be eradicated."

Gu Chensha was full of confidence. "I used the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art just now to gather the power of the stars and condense the Astral Immortal Weapons. But these Immortal Weapons are only temporary forms. They are not real puppets. But I have already understood some of the secrets of the Daoist techniques." "I have understood them as well."

Lou Baiyue said, "And I have just understood them. It is the method of creating puppets from the Great Massacre God Technique that His Majesty taught me." "What puppet?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Endless Consul."

Lou Baiyue thought carefully, still calculating. "This is the ultimate puppet that His Majesty evolved from all the puppets in the history of His Majesty's synthesis. Celestial Soldiers, Yellow Turban Warriors, and so on." "This name is a little strange."

The Fourth said, "Father's naming definitely makes sense. Could it be that after this puppet is created, it can also become an official?"