Chapter 1076
============

Losing Control

The Infinite Mind Existent System and the Immortal and Eternal Creation System were actually going to perish together.

One of the two systems was a cube created by Gu Chensha, while the other was a sphere created by the Old World's will.

The two systems entered Zhou Yang's body and competed with each other in an attempt to control Zhou Yang. However, the two systems were in a stalemate.

Then, the Infinite Spiritual Existence and Non-Existence System activated the technique of mutual destruction. This almost drove the other Immortal and Eternal Creation System crazy. This was because it would create a freak, a Zhou Yang that no one could control. Zhou Yang's cultivation would absorb the two systems and reach a monstrous level.

Moreover, he was neither from the New World nor the Old World. Instead, he would become a terrifying existence. But now, that was what Gu Chensha had done.

At this moment, Gu Chensha was still far away, observing Zhou Yang's changes in the Nine Mysterious Universe. He was doing this on purpose. He didn't want the Old World to control Zhou Yang, and he didn't want to control this person either. He wanted to separate himself from the two changes and see what realm he could grow to. This was interesting and could also disrupt the changes of the Old World's will.

Moreover, after this person left his control, he could give Gu Chensha more insights. If everything was in his hands, how boring would things become?

Moreover, he had added such a variable to the world and could disrupt the structure of the Old World's will.

This made it impossible for the Old World's will to give birth to a true protagonist. Of course, this protagonist could be Zhou Yang, but Zhou Yang happened to be in this big explosion, causing the Old World's will to lose control of him.

In short, Gu Chensha had created an enemy or variable for himself, and he had also created a variable and enemy for the Old World's will. He did it for fun. He didn't want everything to be in his hands. This way, the Old World's will didn't know whether to laugh or cry.

If the Old World's will could take human form, it would definitely curse Gu Chensha for harming others without benefiting himself. Unfortunately, Gu Chensha did things that harmed others without benefiting himself. This was actually a kind of sublimation for him. In fact, it was greatly beneficial to him.

It was precisely because he couldn't control himself that he was able to comprehend many principles from Zhou Yang.

The system created by the Old World's will and the system created by him dissolved and collided with each other. In the end, the two perished together, giving birth to a brand new power.

This power was extremely mysterious. It seemed to be some sort of brand-new system that contained the supreme cultivation and profound meanings of the old and new worlds. Rumble!

After an unknown period of time, the systems of the old world and the new world were destroyed at the same time and fused together to form a unique system that belonged to Zhou Yang. In the courtyard where Zhou Yang resided, an incomparably mystical aura reverberated continuously. Zhou Yang was immersed in it. Suddenly, he roared, "Hahaha … (If this chapter is not finished, please turn the page.)