Chapter 215
===========

"10,000 miles of shadow, steal the sky and change the sun." Gu Chensha's body burned with the True Samadhi Flame but it didn't reach his brain.

If he could reach his brain and refine it without any danger, then he would have cultivated the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body.

Gu Chensha was confident that he would be able to do so. But he wasn't in a rush and decided to slowly consolidate his cultivation. The Dao Realm Nine Transformation was a matter of life and death.

Once he cultivated it, he would live for 300 years. As for other experts, no matter how strong they were, they would only live for 100 years. After 150, they would age quickly and their energy would dissipate.

Once the True Samadhi Flame was formed, Gu Chensha's Xiantian Earth Energy became much more exquisite.

Although the Innate Stellar Energy could be used in many different ways, it was still lacking in perfection.

Some changes weren't perfect when used, but now it was pretty much as he wished. The combination and changes were really mysterious and exquisite. A mirror appeared in front of him. This was the Sun Moon God Mirror formed by his Xiantian Earth Energy.

In the mirror, Gu Huo's figure appeared. His every move, every word, and even his inner thoughts appeared in the mirror. Gu Huo was totally controlled by Gu Chensha.

This was the amazing part of the Sun Swapping Sacrifice. Sacrificing the Golden Pellet and borrowing the power of the Heavens to control it.

Sun Moon Refinement, Sun Moon Transformation, Sun Moon Kill, Sun Moon Dragon, Sun Moon Talisman, Sun Moon Sacrifice, all these moves used the Xiantian Earth Energy to transform into all sorts of treasures and even laws. When fighting with others, one thought could create all sorts of techniques.

The Sun Moon God Mirror dissipated and turned into a flag once more. This flag shook slightly and a bright light exploded out. In a flash, the light was like tens of thousands of bolts of lightning, piercing through the space and destroying all evil. This was the Sun Moon Lightning Flag.

The Xiantian Earth Energy changed once more and turned into a dragon boat. It was similar to the Xuanhao Dragon Boat but this was the Sun Moon Dragon Boat. Actually, the Xuanhao Dragon Boat was a replica of the Sun Moon Dragon Boat.

Shortly after, Gu Chensha practiced the transformations. The Xiantian Earth Energy turned into blades, spears, halberds, umbrellas, canopies, canopies, ropes, pagodas, pearls, banners, etc. Finally, there was a loud rumble.

All the Xiantian Gang Qi turned into a furnace, wrapping around Gu Chensha and refining him. He wanted to train him into the Invincible Vajra Body. This was the Sun Moon Furnace. This was the ultimate transformation of the Sun and Moon Dragon Aura.

As the saying goes, heaven and earth are the furnace, creation is the work, Yin and Yang are the charcoal, and all living things are the copper. This furnace had the ability to smelt everything.

Gu Chensha cultivated the Dao Realm Eight Transformation Samadhi True Flame and used his body's energy to form the Sun and Moon Furnace. From now on, using this furnace to refine pills, refine treasures, and even raise one's cultivation, he would be able to refine experts.

After practicing these moves again, Gu Chensha stood up, his eyes glittering. "I've gained a lot this time. Sacrificing the golden core is secondary. The most important thing is the Heavenly Dragon Spirit Gathering Flag in the Star Dragon Bracelet."

When Gu Chensha used his Xiantian Gang Qi to take out the Flying Escape Talisman from the Star Dragon Bracelet, he realized that there were 1,000 Heavenly Dragon Spirit Gathering Flags and many things that looked like imperial edicts.

Gu Huo was a top talent and his cultivation was really high. He also had the Mandate of the Heavens. In the Great Wei Dynasty, even if he wasn't the Crown Prince, he would be the most important core person.

For example, in the Dayong Dynasty, if a member of the royal family reached the Golden Core of the Great Dao, their status would be even higher than Lou Baiyue's.

These Heavenly Dragon Spirit Gathering Flags and imperial edicts contained a lot of Emperor's Energy.

With this Emperor's Energy, not only could Gu Chensha sacrifice the Sun and Moon Splendor, but he could also raise his talent to become a top talent.

After he learned the Sun and Moon Sacrifice, he knew that the most mysterious thing in the world was the Emperor's Energy. The Emperor's Energy was loved by the Heavenly Dao.

A weak Emperor could topple mountains and overturn oceans the moment he opened his mouth. He could change one's fate, turning a poor person into a noble and causing the heads of those in high positions to fall to the ground. This was the mystery of the Emperor's Energy. The so-called Emperor's Energy was some kind of rule and law in the hearts of the people.

This energy far surpassed spiritual energy and celestial energy, but there were very few people who knew how to use it.

Even when the Emperor became a god, he had to use this energy as a sacrifice to the Heavenly Dao, so that there would be a place for the gods in the Heavenly Dao. Think about it, how mysterious was the Emperor's Energy that could turn a person into a god?

Gu Chensha knew that in the Sun and Moon Sacrifice, there was a move called the Fate Changing Sacrifice. It was to use the Emperor's Energy as a sacrifice to change one's destiny and raise one's talent.

He was now at the peak of the geniuses, and was just a hair's breadth away from becoming a top talent. Relying on the Dragon Gate was no longer effective. He could only rely on the Heavenly Talisman as a sacrifice.

That was why he said that his biggest gain this time was to obtain the Emperor's Energy of the Great Wei Dynasty from Gu Huo. If he could use the Fate Changing Sacrifice to raise himself to a top talent, then many problems in cultivation could be easily solved.

After learning the Sun and Moon Sacrifice, the benefits were indescribable. He had all kinds of sacrificial methods, and he no longer needed to read ancient books to experiment.

"Come out!"

Under the guidance of Gu Chensha's Stellar Dragon Bracelet, more than a thousand Heavenly Dragon Spirit Convening Flags suddenly flew out and entered the space of the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Altar. Besides that, there were also dozens of imperial edicts and a large seal.

These imperial edicts were all bestowed by the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor to Gu Huo, and he carried them with him. As for the seal, it was not a treasure, but an official seal. The Dragon Lord Seal.

Gu Huo was also a Dragon Lord, but above the seal, there were actually six stars standing side by side. This meant that Gu Huo was also a Six-Star Dragon Lord. They were both Dragon Lords, but Bao Ming 'er was only a Three-Star Dragon Lord.

In the Great Wei Dynasty, Dragon Lords were extremely noble, but they were also divided into seven levels. The highest level was the Seven-Star Dragon Lord, which was second only to the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor.

As the saying went, one stood on the Seven-Star Dragon Lord and controlled all the weapons in the world. As for Gu Huo, he was a Six-Star Dragon Lord, and the Emperor's Qi in the seal was also very thick.

"So much Emperor's Qi is still not enough to push me to the level of an unparalleled genius?" Gu Chensha formed seals with both hands, activating the Sun and Moon Sacrifice.

If he used souls as sacrifices, he would need many materials, and it would not be very convenient. However, Emperor's Qi was of a higher level than souls, and was favored by the Heavenly Dao. Activating the Sun and Moon Sacrifice did not require materials, and it could be done as he wished.

"Change fate, change luck, Emperor's Qi. Words are law."

As Gu Chensha activated the seals, the Emperor's Qi on the thousand-odd Heavenly Dragon Spirit Convening Flags, imperial edicts, and seals were all extracted and absorbed by the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Altar. Rumble!

After being sucked away, the void above the sacrificial altar did not immediately produce air currents. Instead, many runes were brewing.

Twisting fate and changing one's talent was no small matter. Gu Chensha also knew that he could not rush it. He quietly waited for the Heavenly Dao to send something down. Weng!

After a full hour, the runes finally formed into a sphere, and finally fell to the ground like a meteor, dragging a long tail behind it as it landed in Gu Chensha's head.

Gu Chensha felt his body suddenly grow taller, and his spiritual sense expanded infinitely. He saw things from a different perspective, and his view of the world was also different.

In the past, he could be said to be "short-sighted." But now, he was like a great man standing at the peak, looking down on the world. He saw things from a different perspective.

This was talent. It had nothing to do with the strength of one's body or the strength of one's mind. Instead, it was a combination of the soul's view of the world and one's own personality.

"Hahahaha, there is actually so much Emperor's Qi. It has allowed me to break through the last bit and reach the level of an unparalleled genius."

Gu Chensha immediately knew that with his continuous scheming, he had finally broken through and improved his talent. "It seems like Gu Huo is an important person in the Great Wei Dynasty. He is one of the pillars in the future. He has the mandate of heaven, so the Emperor's Qi he received is much thicker than Bao Ming 'er's. Now, all of it has benefited me, allowing me to become an unparalleled genius." Gu Chensha had finally reached the level of an unparalleled genius.

Suddenly, he thought of something. "Father is so strong. Is it because he understood the secrets of the Emperor's Qi? Can he be like the Heavenly Dao and absorb the Emperor's Qi for his own use? " After thinking about it, he still did not understand.

"Forget it. These things are not for me to consider."

He made a plan for himself. "The most important thing now is to turn my talent into an unparalleled genius. Then, I will comprehend all my martial arts to the next level. I will go all out and raise my cultivation to the Nine Transformations of the Dao Realm, the Glass Jade Body!

Also, this Star Dragon Hoop is an ancient item, and it is closely related to the Primitive Dragon Sect!

It can be integrated into the Dragon's Gate, allowing the Dragon's Gate's might to rise to another level. "Gu Chensha wanted to do two things.

"Baby, can you fuse this Star Dragon Hoop into my Dragon Gate?" Gu Chensha asked the Black Tortoise baby.

"Of course I can.

This Star Dragon Ring is a bone of the most mysterious Star Dragon of the Prehistoric Era. The Star Dragon itself was spat out by the Dragon Gate. "The Black Tortoise baby knew many ancient secrets." This item can increase the power of your Dragon Gate by eighty percent. "

"Then I'll leave it to you. I'm going to cultivate in seclusion to break through to the Nine Changes Realm."

Gu Chensha moved out all the pills, talismans, materials, and riches stored in the Star Dragon Hoop and placed them on the Sun Moon Altar. He placed the naked Star Dragon Hoop into the Dragon Gate and handed it to the Black Tortoise baby before entering seclusion.

He activated the Samadhi True Fire in his body. It was easy, agile, and almost without any hindrance. He began to burn his brain inch by inch.

As the flames swirled above his head, black gas emerged. It was the impurities in the depths of his brain. His entire head was engulfed by the Samadhi True Fire, and it looked like it was about to melt.

"Success!"

Gu Chensha's willpower was extraordinary. He activated the energy and changed it many times. The Samadhi True Fire turned into threads that drilled into his seven orifices.

A few hours passed and the clothes on his body were all burnt. His body gave off a five-colored light and under the shine of the Sun Moon Altar, he looked like a god.

He shook his hands and a huge energy current swept the entire altar. Gu Chensha reached the Dao Realm Nine Transformations, Glass Jade Body. Dao Realm 36 Transformations, every nine transformations represented an achievement. This was the so-called four nine transformations. Every nine transformations would result in a different change in the nature of life.

At this moment, Gu Chensha had completed the first nine transformations. Once he cultivated the Glass Jade Body, even if he faced Gu Huo at full strength, he wouldn't be totally helpless.

"If I am not a top genius, I won't be able to control the Sun Moon Dragon Energy and successfully enter the Glass Jade Body."

Gu Chensha calculated in his heart, "But even a top genius can't fully control the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique unless I have the talent to become a Saint. But how difficult is that? The amount of Son of Heaven Energy required isn't as simple as ten or a hundred times. "