Chapter 1154
============

Eternal Invincibility Forever Invincible

"Finally, someone reached Level Ten of the Immortal Realm. There's no such thing as the Immortal Realm." "Finally, someone reached level 10 of the undying realm."

"The savior has appeared." "All the multiverse has formed a huge network. It's much more advanced compared to the virtual interface from hundreds of millions of years ago. Everyone can communicate through this network. Teleportation only requires spirit coins."

"We can use our spirit force to input it into the network, and our accounts will generate spirit coins. From there, we can purchase countless items in the real world. In fact, we can even use the network to cultivate and obtain cultivation arts from it."

"How magical, such a network suddenly appeared in our world." "There's actually someone who reached the undying realm.

History has opened a new chapter. My cultivation has reached the pinnacle of the undying realm. In the past, my lifespan was over a trillion years. Sadly, I couldn't see the path ahead. Now, someone has finally found the path for me. Sadly, that person isn't the legendary Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha seems to be the creator of all living things in the world. Sadly, he was finally left behind by others. In this era, he is no longer the main character.

A new era has finally arrived. "" Yeah, when we thought that the new era had arrived, that era didn't. When we thought that the entire multiverse was filled with negative emotions and was about to be destroyed, a new era was born. An unparalleled existence has appeared. He has reached the undying realm. This realm can be said to be truly invincible. Let's see how this person will kill Gu Chensha. " "Next, the true war will begin." "What path should we take?"

The Multiverse was ushering in its deepest transformation. Countless giants, bigwigs, nobodies, and beings of all walks of life were discussing it.

Because even in the most remote corner, a huge network had appeared in the depths of everyone's heart. When one's spirit and soul connected to it, they could see countless sceneries, learn countless knowledge, and communicate with countless people.

This was a purely spiritual era, a surreal era. Or rather, the appearance of this huge virtual network had completely changed the way countless people lived and interacted with each other.

However, countless giants were watching. They wanted to see how this new 'undying' realm savior would suppress Gu Chensha. Almost everyone thought that Gu Chensha should retire from the stage of history.

Even though Gu Chensha was the Creator of All Things, this Creator toyed with all the big shots in the palm of his hand, making it so that no one had a chance to shine. These people were naturally quite displeased. At this moment. There was indeed another person in front of Gu Chensha.

This person was the young man, Hao Xuan, who had cultivated the "Without being, without being" technique.

"Not bad, not bad. Gu Chensha, to think that you would hide here and silently control the future of the entire Multiverse. It is a pity that there are still people who have escaped your control, and have cultivated to the highest level that even you could not successfully cultivate, the Undying."

Hao Xuan came to the hall where Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and the others were. Looking at everyone in the hall, he shook his head.

"You have been hiding here, collecting all the data, conducting research. Who knows how many years have passed, but it is a pity that no one has been able to cultivate to the Undying Realm. Do you know why?" Hao Xuan seemed to be a teacher, lecturing Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and the others.

"Why?" Gu Chensha looked emotionlessly at Hao Xuan.

"Because you still have the mentality of a manipulator," Hao Xuan said.

Haoxuan said, "As for me, I was born from all living beings. I obtained the hope of all living beings, the things that they yearned for deep in their hearts. All of them placed their hopes on me. Only then could I comprehend the Undying Realm." "So, you think that you are stronger than me?" Gu Chensha became interested.

"The truth is very clear. I have cultivated to the Undying Realm, but you have not. You are still at the Undying Realm. You are fated to be suppressed by me."

Hao Xuan waved his hand. He didn't want to attack immediately because he knew that the outcome was set. No matter what Gu Chensha did, he wouldn't be able to escape.

"Of course, before that, I want to talk to you.

Take a look at this era I've created, the network I've created has connected everyone's hearts, combining everyone's virtual and reality. This network has created a cycle, making the multivariate universe even more abundant. "Haoxuan said.

As he spoke, he suddenly waved his hand, and the world around him spun. He had actually used an unparalleled teleportation technique to move the palace into the largest universe.

Originally, the levels of the universe were divided into micro universe, small universe, medium universe, large universe, super large universe, super giant universe, super infinite universe, infinite universe, and unbelievable universe. But now, a universe even larger than the inconceivable had been born. That was the "non-existent universe." This universe was condensed from the power of the network that had spread throughout the multiverse.

"Gu Chensha, look. This is the universe I have created. Also, everyone in the multiverse has found their own place. They used the power of my virtual network to transmit feedback to reality, completely changing everything."

The scene changed. It was a village in a corner of the universe. It was still in the most primitive era. The people here only practiced martial arts and hunted. They basically didn't know anything about the changes in the outside world. But one day, their hearts suddenly connected to the network and a vast amount of information gushed in.

Instantly, everyone in the village obtained unprecedented knowledge and cultivation arts. Their strength increased greatly and their horizons were broadened. At the same time, they could also use their spirit force to obtain many resources from the network. After that, the scene changed again.

In the vile lava, desert, withered, and desolate universe that seemed like hell, many humans lived there. These humans struggled bitterly to survive. Their abilities were insufficient to leave this universe. They lacked food and didn't even have the basic ability to cultivate. But the network descended and connected to their hearts.

Immediately, they learned many things and could even absorb materials from the network. In the end, they improved this barren universe, causing it to be filled with vitality.

"Look, everyone uses the power of their spirit to interfere with reality and even create things with their spirit. But the disadvantage is that the higher their cultivation, the stronger their negative emotions will be. In the end, they will go berserk and even cause the multiverse to be destroyed by their negative emotions. But after my network was born, all the negative emotions became the power of the network. Look …"

Hao Xuan suddenly grabbed out. It seemed like the entire multiverse was shrinking. Countless universes were in his palm. In the universe, the densely packed network seeped into every corner.

The network was like a huge vortex, absorbing all the negative emotions and turning them into motivation. Then, this motivation turned into data and gathered on Hao Xuan's body.

"Gu Chensha, do you see this? This is the Undying Realm that you have been dreaming of."

Haoxuan said, "The multiverse has already been saved by my network. I am the savior, and fate belongs to me. You and your group are actually drifting away from my network, doing the same thing as me. Gu Chensha, after I mastered the Not-Being and Non-Being Undying, your realm has been stirring as well, showing signs of advancement. Do you think I should let you level up or kill you now? "

"You said so much and introduced your control of the multiverse. You only have one goal, which is that you think I am not your match?" Gu Chensha looked at Hao Xuan with a strange gaze.

"Attack."

Hao Xuan placed his hands behind his back. "You are the one with the most hope to cultivate to Undying Realm after me. But it ends here. But I will still give you a chance to use your strongest move against me. " "Interesting." Gu Chensha reached out a hand and grabbed towards Hao Xuan.

At the start, Hao Xuan was still calm. But as the hand reached him, he couldn't lock onto the position of the hand. The hand seemed to be in a form he couldn't understand.

"Kill!"

His eyes flashed, and the multivariate universe shook. It was as if all living beings could feel his fury. Rumble! From his body, billions of rivers rushed towards Gu Chensha.

But when the power of the billions of rivers met the hand, it automatically shrank and fell into Gu Chensha's hand, turning into many runes. Then, Hao Xuan's body shrank as Gu Chensha's hand expanded.

"Damn it, what is this? How can it be so strong!"

Hao Xuan seemed to have gone crazy. He tried his best to activate his Undying Realm. Unfortunately, even if he reached the limit, he couldn't stop Gu Chensha's hand. It simply reached over.

"Why? What realm is this?"

Hao Xuan tried everything he could think of. He even wanted to activate everything in the multiverse to perish together with Gu Dusha. However, he could not do anything. "Your realm is clearly lower than mine, but why can't I block your moves? What realm are you? "

"You don't understand what a realm is. A realm is just a symbol, a name to measure one's strength. All realms are decided by me.

I was the one who suggested the Undying Realm. It's not that I didn't cultivate it, but I don't need this realm to support myself. "

Gu Chensha said, "This realm is like a child. When he is young, he wants something very much, but he can't get it. But when he grows up, even if this thing is presented to him, he won't like it or be moved. This is because he can buy many of these things at will. Of course, you can't understand this. " "What is going on? I don't understand." Hao Xuan still didn't understand.

He had calculated everything and could see through Gu Chensha. But when he faced Gu Chensha, he still felt so weak and powerless. It was like a child facing a martial arts expert.

He was a person who stood at the peak of the multivariate universe. Who knew how many secrets he had comprehended, how many fortuitous encounters, and how many resources he had collected? Yet he was still no match for Gu Chensha. It was even impossible for him to perish together with Gu Chensha. He was so weak.

"You have cultivated the Undying Realm, but you still haven't comprehended what realms and cultivation are.

The Undying Realm is the tenth level of the Undying Realm. What is the eleventh level, the twelfth level, and the thirteenth level?

You don't even know about it. You can't even imagine what this realm is like. Your vision is too low, and you can't bear the karma of all living beings. This network of yours is not bad, though. It's also the wealth you've left behind. To strengthen the connection of this network and serve all living beings better, you should integrate yourself into this network as well. That way, you can maintain the balance of this multiverse. However, your network is flawed. It isn't truly eternal.

It isn't a problem now, but as more and more negative emotions accumulate, the poison will be hidden and unable to be converted. When it accumulates and explodes, it will be unstoppable. Even the heavens will be destroyed. Now, I will break everything and merge with it. " As Gu Chensha spoke, he grabbed and pointed. Hao Xuan started to turn illusory.

"No, no, I don't want to merge with it."

Hao Xuan struggled in pain, "I won't challenge you anymore. I will even give you data to research. Don't kill me."

"This is your mission. You have to complete it. You came from all beings and now you belong to them."

Gu Chensha didn't care about Hao Xuan's words. He flicked his finger and then Hao Xuan's body exploded, turning into countless specks of light that merged with it.

Hao Xuan, who shocked the heavens and changed the way of life in the multiverse, rose up like a comet and fell like one. At the moment of his death, all living beings in the multivariate universe felt it.

That was because the entire network had seeped into all beings' hearts. Now that the creator of the network, Hao Xuan, had died, this news shocked all beings.

Many giants and supreme figures felt that Hao Xuan could suppress Gu Chensha. Even if he couldn't, he could be on par with him. They were even looking forward to a great battle.

However, no one had expected Gu Chensha to kill Hao Xuan so effortlessly. This person, who had ascended to the Undying Realm, had died instantly. How strong was Gu Chensha?

"Gu Chensha killed Hao Xuan?

Oh my god, this person is the creator of all things. Is there no one who can challenge his position? " "What realm is he at?" "He has definitely surpassed the Undying Realm. He might have reached Level 11 of the Immortal Realm or even higher. "

"Luckily, he didn't have thoughts of destroying all things. Otherwise, wouldn't he be able to destroy all things with just a thought?" "What should we do next?" "There's nothing we can do. This person's realm isn't something we can guess."

"I feel that the power of the network has strengthened. It can interfere with reality. The network's power is starting to gather. In the future, it will definitely give birth to even stronger powers."

"That's right. This network can be said to have gathered all the information in the entire universe. It is equivalent to a super invincible Heavenly Dao that operates its own order. Everyone will be able to learn knowledge that they could never have come into contact with before through their minds. This way, the entire multiverse can develop rapidly, and everyone's strength can reach the highest limits." "Next, it will truly usher in an era of rapid development." Countless big shots were discussing among themselves. The situation in the multiverse had become even more complicated.

"This network is actually giving me a mission." At this moment, Lou Baiyue's mind connected to the network. In a trance, she had entered a vast and vast virtual world.

Then, in this virtual world, a message came out of nowhere. It was a mission. "Give the research module to the network. The network will give you a chance to reach the Undying Realm." "Interesting, interesting."

After Lou Baiyue's mind connected to the network, she received this mission. "Chensha, what kind of existence do you think this network is? It's different from your previous virtual interface, but it's even more magical. It can even raise me to the Undying Realm. I just need to input the modules I've researched all these years into it."

"To be honest, this network has already become a true supreme system. It should be an Undying Realm system."

Gu Chensha said, "However, it doesn't have its own consciousness now. Originally, this network was controlled by Hao Xuan. However, I refined Hao Xuan and fused him into the network. This network became stronger, but it only has some evolved instincts. It's like a single-celled organism.

However, as time passes, this network will gradually grow stronger and give birth to the strongest consciousness. This way, it'll be hard to control. " "In other words? Chensha, your next enemy is the network's own consciousness? "Wen Hong asked.

"It might be, it might not be."

Gu Chensha waved his hands. "The biggest use of this network is to make it easier for all living beings in the multivariate universe to communicate, learn knowledge, and comprehend realms faster. From now on, who knows how many strong beings will be born in the multivariate universe. Even the network itself can't predict it. Of course, I can't guess it and I don't want to. I'm just an observer. Only when it's necessary will I interfere. Of course, all the great beings that are born will challenge me. I hope that one day, someone who can defeat me will appear." The multivariate universe settled down with Hao Xuan's death.

The Spirit Network was accepted by everyone. The network was quickly providing convenience for everyone. It was also evolving. Time passed quickly. A hundred million years passed.

Another hundred million years passed. The multivariate universe got bigger and bigger. Compared to when Hao Xuan died, it was hundreds of times bigger. That was because numerous experts appeared. After they appeared, they created their own universe.

Large amounts of universes surged out like a fountain, causing the multivariate universe to expand once more.

But as the multivariate universe expanded, so did the network. It was as if the omnipresent laws had gathered all the void, all tangible and intangible existences, and then evolved.

After a hundred million years, Hao Xuan was once more forgotten. That was because some of the old-timers had replaced him and reached the Deathless realm.

As for the white-robed youth, Zhou Qin and the others, and even the prehistoric Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Huasha, they had long since been buried in the dust of history. They no longer existed in anyone's memories. Because so much time had passed, the multivariate universe was no longer the original universe.

In fact, some of the illustrious universes of the past had collapsed due to various reasons. In their place, new universes had risen. These universes all had their own special characteristics, and some even had Deathless giants presiding over them.

These giants all understood the profundities of the universe. Time, space, fate, and the essence of everything. They were all quietly waiting for an opportunity.

This was because people who had reached this realm could see through everything. They could feel Gu Chensha's suppression.

"Who can challenge Gu Chensha?" All of the old-timers had this question in their hearts. But they didn't dare to act. They were waiting for some powerful existence, a truly invincible person to appear once more. Rumble!

Suddenly, an incomparable aura rose up from a corner of the multivariate universe that no one could sense. No one knew why this aura had appeared here. As soon as this aura appeared, even the power of the entire mental network instinctively trembled.

Then, amidst the aura, everyone saw a man in a golden robe. This golden-robed man moved casually, and the multiverse seemed to resonate with his movements. Then, the mental network actually retreated from where he was.

In other words, the omnipresent mental network had penetrated into the network of every living being's heart. It actually retreated around this golden-robed person. Clearly, the network had sensed how terrifying this golden-robed person was.

"What's going on? The omnipresent mental network can't penetrate this person's mind … " "Could it be that this person is even more powerful than the mental network?" "Who on earth is this person?"

"How was he born? I've grasped many secrets of the multivariate universe, but I've never heard of such a person. Is there really a secret in this world that I can't comprehend?" Countless giants were shocked.

This golden-robed person's gaze pierced through all places in the multivariate universe. Suddenly, he saw the most mysterious place and let out a will that shook the heavens. "Today, I am born. In the heavens and on the earth, I am the only one. Everything in the world will listen to my command." Whoosh! Countless space-time was pierced by his golden light.

The golden light turned into a bridge. The golden-robed person walked on the golden bridge and arrived at this mysterious place. All of the giants' gazes were focused here. This was because a few undying giants all knew that this was where Gu Dusha existed.

Suddenly, at the instant the golden-robed man arrived at Gu Chensha's location, a brilliant ray of light appeared in that mysterious place. That ray of light suddenly pierced through everything, piercing through everything.

Under the illumination of the light, the golden-robed person let out a shrill scream again. Then, he disintegrated inch by inch and turned into a golden core. Then, the Golden Core was tossed out and fell into the infinite worlds of the heavens.

"Golden core? Is this the golden core of the golden-robed person? After we get it, we can obtain his power! "

"I can't believe that this giant, who even the Mind Network has to avoid, was defeated by Gu Chensha. He refined him into a Golden Core and threw him out." "Let's go and take it!"

In an instant, Gu Chensha's action was like throwing a piece of flesh into the sea where sharks gathered, and it caused countless bloodthirsty sharks to fight over it. Immediately, the multivariate universe was in chaos.

In the following years, almost all the giants came to fight over this golden core. Countless universes were destroyed and of course, countless universes were born.

In the battle of blood and fire, the multivariate universe was reshuffled and strengthened. Geniuses couldn't avoid falling and giants died in the battle. The chaos lasted for more than a hundred million years before it gradually calmed down.

Then, an unparalleled great emperor rose out of nowhere. This great emperor seemed to have surpassed level ten of the immortal realm. He controlled a part of the mental network. Then, he started to challenge Gu Chensha.

Unfortunately, the moment he challenged Gu Chensha, he was crushed by Gu Chensha with a flick of his fingers. Then, he was grabbed and turned into a treasure similar to a seal.

Gu Chensha didn't take the seal. Instead, he threw it into the multivariate universe and started a new round of fighting. Another hundred million years passed. Nobody knew how many cycles had passed.

Once again, an all-powerful existence was born. This existence seemed to have suppressed the mental network in a breath's time, controlling everything in the multiverse and challenging Gu Dusha.

But Gu Chensha breathed out and sealed him inside. Then, he turned into a flag and was sent into the multivariate universe again.

A hundred million years passed, a billion years passed, ten billion years passed, a hundred billion years passed.

No one knew how big the multiverse was. Even the mental network had gradually disappeared over the years. This was because the multiverse was too big. Even with the power of the mental network, it could not cover it. The universe had once again returned to its previous state.

During this period, countless people appeared. Almost every hundred million years, a powerful giant would appear to challenge Gu Chensha.

Unfortunately, they were all turned into treasures by Gu Chensha and thrown into the multivariate universe. Sizzle sizzle sizzle …

Lou Baiyue stood beside Gu Chensha. She watched as Gu Chensha turned a giant that could tear apart countless existences into a longsword and threw it into the multivariate universe like a piece of trash. She couldn't help but sigh. "Chensha, this is the 1001st main character you refined. You said that one day, a main character will defeat you. When that time comes, it will be the time to be free. But when will this day come?"

"Just wait …" Gu Chensha shook his head. "I'm also looking forward to this day. This day might be in the next hundred million years, or it might never come …" "End of the book."

Dragon Talisman had a total of 3.6 million words, and it ended today. It has been two years since January 1, Year 16. This is a Xianxia book. My original intention was to write about the struggle of dynasties, to write the ancient gods and demons into the structure of dynasties. That's why there were Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor, many sects, many allusions, and the 36 Transformations of the Dao Realm. In order to write these 36 Transformations, I put in a lot of hard work. But after writing half of this book, it fell into a cliché and entered a hollow, grand pattern.

I'm also very disappointed. On one hand, I haven't come out of the pattern of the late Yang God, Eternal Life, Holy King, and the late Emperor of the Galaxy. On the surface, it looks magnificent, but in fact, it's nothing. This made me very angry too.

On the other hand, in these two years, I picked up some of the martial arts I learned in the past and started to practice again. I also set up my own company to shoot martial arts videos, so I didn't have time to think carefully about how to break the stalemate and rise from the ashes.

I started writing in 2006. I wrote about Buddha is the Dao, Old Demon Black Mountain, The Romance of Dragon and Snake, Yang God, Eternal Life, Holy King, Emperor of the Galaxy, and now Dragon Talisman. In the blink of an eye, 12 years passed just like that.

I remember that at that time, I was just over 20 years old. I was full of energy and had a sharp writing style.

Now, I'm in my thirties, and I've entered my thirties. It can be said that this is the best time of my life, and I've devoted it all to writing books. Now, I have no skills, and I've decided to spend the rest of my life writing books. So, in my next book, I've decided to write something practical, about martial arts and martial arts.

In these two years, not only have I picked up the martial arts I learned in the past, but I've also learned a lot of modern combat, boxing, Muay Thai, kickboxing, wrestling, and so on. I've been practicing with people in the company every day. I've improved a lot compared to before, and I've discovered many new things.

I feel that it will be very interesting to write these new and practical experiences into the book. I can bring everyone a martial arts world that is more interesting than The Romance of Dragon and Snake.

It's not easy for people to have something they like, and it's even rarer to have something they like to eat.

Personally, I've made writing books my lifelong career, and practicing martial arts my lifelong hobby. Combining career and hobby is a very happy thing.

Having said so much, in the new year, I've finished Dragon Talisman, and I hope to completely break through the bottleneck and write something that will really shock people. I also hope that everyone will exercise more. Practicing martial arts is not actually for fighting, but mainly to strengthen the body and reduce the need to go to the hospital.

I also hope that everyone can exercise more. If you're interested, you can come to my Divine Machine Dojo to exchange ideas. In addition, the book launch will be held at 1376 South Jing West Road, Jing An District, Shanghai. Fourth floor of the Ritz-Carlton Hotel. It will be held on January 31st, starting at 14 pm.

If everyone has time, you can come here and exchange ideas with me. Talk more about your writing experience, and talk more about martial arts. I'll throw a brick to attract jade, and I won't be afraid of making a fool of myself.

Actually, according to the traditional Chen Jiagou Tai Chi family tree, Ma Yun should be my martial uncle. I know him, but he doesn't know me.

Haha, actually, when it comes to martial arts, we're all friends. We're not professionals, but we enjoy it. Alright, that's all. The new book will be released on January 31st.

As for the name, it'll be kept a secret for now. This is the request of the website and the film company. Twelve years, it's like a dream.

Right, this year is the 40th anniversary of the reform and opening up. Our motherland will definitely become stronger, and our generation will definitely see a great renaissance. I'm confident. For our motherland, for ourselves, let's work hard together. Let's work hard together. nt