Chapter 593
===========

"Then what do you want?"

Fan Bai saw Gu Chensha's gaze and tone. "Could it be that you want our Fan Clan to hand over the Bow of Liberation and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows?"

"Since you've said so, then that's exactly what you mean." Gu Chensha nodded. "Of course, the Celestial Tranquility Department will also accept the Wintry Pearl." "The Celestial Tranquility Department is too much!"

Fan Bai felt a wave of depression rush up his body, and he almost vomited blood. "Don't you know that it's better to leave a way out in the future?" "Fan Bai, if you succeed in forcing me to abdicate in the imperial court, will you leave a way out?"

Lou Baiyue spoke in a mocking tone in front of all the officials. The Celestial Tranquility Department was going to show their might to the end, and they could use this chance to turn the shock of advancing to a medium-class realm into actual benefits.

"I don't know what it means to leave a way out in the future."

Gu Chensha was even more direct. "I only know that if you don't remove the roots, it will grow again in the spring. If you don't kill a snake, it will hurt you.

What's more, you were the first to jump out and flaunt your might in the imperial court with this bow and arrow. You should know that this is the most sacred place of Yongchō, where karmic luck resides. You brought a weapon and prepared to commit a crime. Won't you be punished with the weapon?

Remember, this is the imperial court, not the common people. Everything must be done according to the rules.

Your bow and arrow were confiscated by the imperial court, and the Wintry Pearl is the fine you have to pay to atone for your crimes. "

"This is the Fan Clan's cornerstone treasure. The Celestial Tranquility Department can forget about taking it away!"

Fan Bai looked at the many Deity level experts present. "Everyone, the juniors from the Celestial Tranquility Department have already forced us to this extent. Are we still going to endure?

After this harvest, the Celestial Tranquility Department will become even stronger. When the time comes, will there still be a way for us aristocratic families to survive? "

Fan Bai's words were impassioned, but it was a pity that Chang Weiyang and Tai Xuan had strange smiles on their faces as they swept their gazes around. The legalists were the first to flee, and there was no longer any cohesion.

The Wu Clan, the Hong Clan, the Military Clan … the Deity level experts of these clans did not speak. They seemed to be thinking of how to escape at the lowest cost.

"Is that so? Then you are gathering people to resist tax. "

Gu Chensha's voice was extremely harsh, "That's one more crime. I'm giving face to Fan Fei, and since your Fan Clan is also a relative of the Emperor, I'll give you three breaths' time to hand over three treasures, and you can leave. Otherwise, you won't have any treasures, and you'll die here."

"It's better not to kill the imperial family. Otherwise, father will blame us when he comes out of seclusion."

The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "We'll still use the Banishing Immortals technique to cripple Fan Bai's cultivation. Then, we'll throw him into a prison cart and lock him up in it. We'll parade him all over the country and arrange for a few hundred people to spread the news of his evil deeds. That'll be enough." "That's right, Fourth Brother is right." Gu Chensha nodded quickly.

"These little fellows are truly vicious. Their methods are truly amazing."

Tai Xuan and Chang Weiyang exchanged glances. "Fan Bai was a God Realm expert who dominated for 1,000 years. His cultivation was crippled and he became a mortal. Then, he was imprisoned in a prison carriage and spread the news everywhere. This is worse than death." "You guys!"

When Fan Bai saw Gu Chensha's ferocious gaze, he knew that the Fan Clan had fallen today. They had fallen so hard that they had lost a lot of blood.

He thought about it for a breath, then let out a desolate laugh. He slowly placed the Release Bow, the Constant and Impermanence Arrows, and the Wintry Pearl on the ground. "How is it? Can I leave now? " "Scram!"

Gu Chensha rolled up his sleeves and swept the three treasures over. After inspecting them and confirming that there were no flaws, he let Fan Bai leave.

Seeing Gu Chensha collect the three treasures just like that, Tai Xuan and Chang Weiyang felt a little moved. The Wintry Pearl was a treasure, an ancient divine weapon, a primordial treasure, and also a rare treasure. But compared to the Release Bow and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows, it was far too inferior.

This bow and arrow was rumored to be a Connate Spiritual Treasure condensed from the Primordial Tree. The supreme Buddhist Sect called themselves' Buddha 'because they observed this bow and arrow. One man, one bow, and two arrows.

A man had to bend his body and allow the two arrows to pierce through his body from top to bottom. Only after suffering all sorts of suffering could he become a Buddha. A Buddha was humble and respectful, suffering all sorts of suffering. This was the true meaning.

Besides the concept contained within, the bow and arrow were extremely lethal. As long as they were activated, they could shoot down True Divinities in the heavens. Unfortunately, it was impossible for Fan Bai to use its full power, and this bow and arrow couldn't deal with a dimensional realm.

This treasure could break through a Minor Dimension and kill. No Minor Dimension could resist the piercing power of this treasure. But compared to a dimensional realm, there was still a gap. Only the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Dagger could use its full power to cut through a dimensional realm.

Unfortunately, even if the three Empyreans joined forces to display its full power, they would still suffer a backlash. Thus, the three Empyreans didn't dare to casually use it. Thus, a dimensional realm was basically invincible.

The world created by the three Empyreans was also a dimensional realm. It was nearly impossible for it to evolve into a boundless world.

"This time, the Fan Family has fallen. They can't even crawl back up."

Many people sighed inwardly. Many officials were overjoyed because they knew that the Calming Immortal Department had exploded once more. If so, then there would definitely be benefits for them.

"Big Sister Huan Sha, what do we do now?

This time, the Calming Immortal Department has forced these families to obtain the Amitabha Prayer Banner, the Blade of Enforcement, the Wintry Pearl, the Liberation Bow, and the Constant and Impermanent Arrows. If we don't do anything and all the benefits are taken by the Calming Immortal Department, then I fear our Heavenly Craft Department won't be able to suppress them in the future. "

Maha Suisui secretly said to Gu Huan Sha. When she spoke of these treasures, she was clearly a bit greedy. "Especially that Liberation Bow, the Constant and Impermanent Arrows. If I can obtain them, then I won't even need to fear a God Realm master."

"This treasure has already fallen into the hands of the Calming Immortal Department. It's impossible for them to spit it out. Right now, the destiny of the Calming Immortal Department is flourishing. We can only wait and see. We can't snatch the food from the tiger's mouth. Otherwise, if we get involved, we will be harmed." Gu Huan Sha was also a bit tempted, but after thinking about it carefully, she felt that it was inappropriate.

She was also tempted by the treasures that Gu Chensha had forced these families to obtain. Not a single treasure was of the good kind. Even with the wealth of an Immortal Master, it was hard to have too many of them.

Maha Suisui's eyes spun wildly. He still wanted to obtain some benefits from the Calming Immortal Department. After pressuring the Fan Family, Gu Chensha looked at the Wu Family. Wu Pogong's face was ashen because he couldn't take out any primordial treasures.

In the Martial Saint's Paradise, all the treasures had been taken away by Gu Chensha. How could there be any primordial treasures?

Wu Pogong himself was a God Realm master, but even he couldn't refine any primordial treasures or primordial divine artifacts.

"What?

Wu Pogong, you can't take out any to redeem yourself? "Gu Chensha asked," Is your Wu Family so poor? "

The Wu Family originally had four primordial treasures. The first was the Myriad Immortals World Opening Flag, the second was the Black Tortoise Shell, the third was the Great Immortal Slaughtering Spear, and the fourth was the Xiantian Treasure Basin.

These four treasures were extremely useful. The Myriad Immortals World Opening Flag was a treasure that could open up the chaotic flow of time. The Black Tortoise Shell was a treasure for calculation. The Xiantian Treasure Basin was a treasure for management. The Great Immortal Slaughtering Spear was a treasure for slaughter in the devil dao. All of them were obtained by Gu Chensha and integrated into the Tree of Hope.

"You can borrow treasures from the various families and repay them in the future." Lou Baiyue said.

At this time, Wu Pogong looked at the people from the various families with a pleading gaze. Unfortunately, these people pretended not to see it. What a joke, how could they lend the primordial treasures to the Wu Family? The Wu Family couldn't even repay them now.

"Wu Dangkong, aren't you going to do something?" Lou Baiyue asked.

"Hmph!"

Wu Dangkong snorted coldly and didn't say anything. She knew that she had lost on all fronts, but as long as the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor didn't demote her, she would have a chance to make a comeback.

"It seems like Wu Dangkong won't help you either." Gu Chensha said, "Wu Pogong, what do you think we should do?"

"I …" Wu Pogong suddenly made up his mind. "I'm willing to join the Calming Immortal Department and make amends for my mistakes. I'll sever my relationship with the Wu Family.

I know that the subordinates that the Celestial Lord subdued are all named Yi. For example, the Barbarian Race Pope of the Hell Serpent Temple changed his name to Yi Zheng. There's also the Great Maha Temple's Yi Ming. I'm also willing to change my name to Yi Pokong. From now on, I'll follow the Calming Immortal Department's lead. "

When these words came out, everyone looked at each other in dismay. Even the Deity level experts from the aristocratic families had their eyes wide open in disbelief. Was this really an ancestor of an aristocratic family?

In the eyes of the imperial court officials, the disciples of the aristocratic families were all arrogant and unruly. Their eyes were higher than the heavens and they looked down on everyone. Even if the imperial court was as powerful as it was now, the disciples of the aristocratic families wouldn't put it in their eyes. This was the prestige that had been cultivated for thousands of years. All the disciples of the aristocratic families and even the imperial court officials subconsciously believed that there was no such thing as an eternal dynasty, only an eternal aristocratic family. But now, an ancestor of an aristocratic family was actually bowing and begging for mercy.

This had completely destroyed the dignity that had existed for thousands of years in the aristocratic families.

"Hahahaha …" Gu Chensha laughed. "Good, very good. Wu Pogong, you've forsaken the dark side for the light. This is truly a wise move. Since that's the case, we won't pursue the crimes you've committed. From now on, you will be called Yi Gong. Remove the word 'broken'.

I know that you're disheartened with the Wu Clan now. The Wu Clan has been torn apart and they can't even take out the treasures to redeem you. Such an aristocratic family is so poor that there's really no point for you to stay.

Why don't you join our Calming Immortal Department? You'll definitely have great achievements in the future. However, you're still a criminal now. You have to make up for your mistakes. Go to the Small Divine Province now. Jin Suibo will tell you what to do! "

As he was speaking, Gu Chensha patted Wu Pogong, who was now called Yi Gong, a few times and planted a few curses in him.