Chapter 116
===========

The decree was really simple and it was just one sentence.

Gu Chensha took it and said right away, "Yi Ming, I will leave this castle to you. Treat me well and wait for me to return." He trusted Yi Ming. In truth, there was no one more loyal than him.

"Don't worry, Master." Yi Ming bowed.

Shi Zhongchan smiled. He knew the secret within. Yi Ming was at Dao Realm Transformation Seven and with such cultivation, he could support an aristocratic family. If he worked for the dynasty, he would be conferred a title right away. But now, he was subdued by Gu Chensha. Other princes didn't have such a strong servant. They only had guest officials, so they had to be polite when they spoke.

"Brother, I will head out now. There is no need to be polite. In the future, this land will be your home." Gu Chensha treated him with respect and didn't put on any airs at all. "You can tell Yi Ming anything you need."

"Your Highness, you're being too serious." Shi Zhongchan hurriedly cupped his fists, yet he seemed cultured and refined, graceful, and elegant, causing one's heart to flutter. Gu Chensha packed up and headed out right away.

He didn't use a horse and didn't bring any followers. He also didn't use the Great Dragon Armor to fly. He just flew on his own to see how fast he was. Sou sou sou!

He sprinted on the road, going all out. He was as fast as lightning and pretty much no one could see his shadow. One could only feel a gust of wind blow past. Even if he wasn't flying in the sky, his speed on the ground was faster than that of a bird.

He was familiarizing himself with the ability of the Nine Bulls and Two Tigers Transformation. Large amounts of flesh and blood power circulated in his body, allowing him to cross dozens of feet with each step. When he faced a river, he would just step on the waves.

When he faced the Black Demon Bat on the canal, he envied its ability. Now that they were at the same realm and his combat ability was more than 10 times that of the Black Demon Bat, it was easy for him to step on the waves. Even if he didn't rely on the Great Dragon Armor, he could ignore mountains and rivers.

Moreover, he circulated the secret technique of the Sun-Moon Dragon and inhaled and exhaled Spirit Qi. Every time he inhaled and exhaled, a large amount of Spirit Qi would be absorbed from the void. In an instant, it would fill up his limbs and bones, as well as his skin and diaphragm.

If one's Dao Realm changed, spiritual energy wouldn't be able to fill the diaphragm between breaths. Running for a long time would still be tiring, and one would need to rest.

For example, in the past, Gu Chensha would have to stop and rest for a while after running for eight hundred li in one go. But now, after running for a day, he had already run for almost three thousand li, yet he still had energy left. It was just that his muscles and bones were slightly sore.

"Only when one reaches such a realm do they know that Dao Realm Transformation Three has copper skin and iron bones. They are like killing demons on the battlefield."

Gu Chensha calculated in his heart. Although he could hold on for a long period of time, his bones and muscles would still feel numb. But after the third stage, his skin and bones would be like iron and he wouldn't feel any numbness at all. Many soldiers would just be asking to die on the battlefield.

No wonder the Barbarian Race's nine-star generals had to be at the third transformation of the Dao Realm.

They were invulnerable, didn't know fatigue, and had immense strength. Such a person was really terrifying on the battlefield.

Chengtian Taoist Temple was right in front of him. Gu Chensha stopped flying and slowed down his footsteps as he walked into the mountain pass. Along the way, he saw many martial arts masters entering the wilderness. Many of them did not care about shocking the world and used their martial arts to fly. There were even more caravans coming and going. There were actually ten times more people than when he came out of the mountain pass.

The roads outside the pass were expanding. Markets and fortresses were being built in full swing. Many of the resources obtained from the Wildlands were being bought and sold here. At the same time, groups of soldiers patrolled the area in an orderly manner. No one dared to force anyone to buy or sell, and there were no robberies or murders. Even some of the hidden martial arts masters were obeying the order and did not dare to act recklessly.

"So strong!"

Gu Chensha observed in the dark and realized that there were people who were at the sixth transformation of the Dao Realm and above. But they all pretended to be normal people and haggled, "It seems like some cultivators have been attracted and stepped into the mortal world.

There are many spiritual herbs and ores in the wilderness and they need them to refine pills and cultivate. It is too problematic to gather them themselves, so it is much more convenient to buy them here. "

The Ancient Seventy-Two Celestial Sects were high above and looked down on the mortal world. Who knew how many experts were hidden within and now there would be disciples entering the world?

"The situation is really chaotic." He shook his head, "I just hope that these people don't act recklessly and spoil the lives of the people."

He entered the pass and flashed his token. The soldiers brought him to the inn to rest and wait for Heaven Talisman Emperor to summon him.

Just as he was about to enter the pass, a man and a woman who were picking medicinal ingredients in the market outside the pass stared at his back. The man and woman were both very young and very handsome. They were dressed like disciples of rich families, but any expert could tell that they were not people of the mortal world.

"Senior Brother, the person who entered was Prince Nineteen?"

The girl had a red star at the center of her brow, "This person's vital energy is really strong. He is actually at the second transformation of the Dao Realm and is comparable to the inner sect disciples." "After all, he is the son of the Heaven Talisman Emperor."

The man played with the stone. It was slightly red and when it shook, there seemed to be a liquid sound, "This time, the higher-ups of the sect told us to come out and train in the mortal world. We can't be careless and we have to do some good deeds.

We have to find some talented people and bring them into the sect. Chaos is coming but it is also an opportunity because people born from the fate of heaven and earth will be born. As long as we can bring them into the sect, the sect will develop and grow.

Hehe … Unfortunately, the Heaven Earth Sect didn't manage to recruit Gu Taxian. Otherwise, we would have unified the Ancient Seventy-Two Celestial Sects. "

"I saw a few talented people but I have to observe them for a while to see their background." The girl said, "Our Nine Element Mysterious Sect needs to be tested carefully."

"We can't be too strict now." The man looked around, "I saw people from the Ten Thousand Swords Mysterious Sect and Mingzhao Mysterious Sect.

In a while, it will be the Ranking Battle of the 72 Celestial Sects. The top disciples of the various sects will fight. I heard that a genius appeared in the Taiyi Mysterious Sect. I wonder if he can get first place. The Black Heaven Earth Sect has been first for too long. There hasn't been a powerful person yet. It seems that Gu Taxian has absorbed all the sects' fate. "

The man and woman whispered to each other, but they didn't notice that some inconspicuous people among the common people were staring at them. Those people were spies from the imperial court. In an instant, undercurrents surged and the situation was chaotic.

Gu Chensha rested in the relay station. He took a bath and changed his clothes, silently cultivating for the night. The next day, at dawn, an edict arrived at the relay station, "Summon Prince Chen to the palace to meet the emperor." Gu Chensha tidied up his clothes and followed the eunuch to the palace built at the border.

Not far from Sky Bearing Pass, the huge palace had already been built. It was resplendent with layers of palaces, and a rainbow hung eternally at the top. From afar, it didn't look like the mortal world, but the residence of the Emperor Heaven.

On the way to the palace, Gu Chensha saw the Seventh Prince, the Ninth Prince, the Tenth Prince, the Third Prince, the Fourth Prince … and the other princes. He even saw Lou Baiyue, who was also brought by the eunuch to meet the emperor. Lou Baiyue glanced at him, but the others had solemn expressions and didn't dare to speak. Apart from them, a few ministers also came in one after another.

After entering the palace, the ministers went through a side door, while the princes took the main path. Lou Baiyue also followed among the princes. This was an honor bestowed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, to let the people of the imperial court know that Lou Baiyue was treated like his own son.

The palace was deep, and after walking for an unknown period of time, the red sun hung high in the sky. The princes all arrived outside the main hall.

"Your Highnesses, please wait here. The emperor will summon you." The eunuch stopped the princes and entered the main hall to report.

Gu Chensha took the chance to look at his brothers' cultivation. "The Tenth Prince has actually reached the third transformation, Copper Skin Iron Bones. He is so quick! I can't see through Lou Baiyue's cultivation.

Seventh Brother's Glass Jade Body is stronger than Yiming's, but Fourth Brother … Fourth Brother's cultivation doesn't seem that strong. He's only at the Second Transformation of the Dao Realm. Was he hiding his strength?

The Fourth Prince was Gu Huasha. He stepped into the Dao Realm long ago, but he didn't improve much. He had a peaceful personality and didn't fight for anything. To many people, he was just an idle prince. His talent depended on his mother's race and he spent all his savings to try to enter the Dao Realm.

However, the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong had relied on his' methods' to evaluate the First Prince Gu Hengsha and the Seventh Prince Gu Fasha as' sloppy '.

Wen Hong was a Heaven Master, someone comparable to the Ancient Demon Celestial. He stood at the peak, so he definitely had good eyes. Out of all the princes, he actually had high hopes for the Fourth Gu Huasha.

With Gu Chensha's eyesight, no matter how he looked at Gu Huasha, who was at the second transformation of the Dao Realm, he couldn't even compare to himself. So, how did Wen Hong evaluate him like that? He couldn't figure it out.

"The Emperor has a decree." After a full hour, the Six Palace Manager Gao Ling walked out, "Duke Chen, speak first."

All the princes looked towards Gu Chensha. He instantly became the target of everyone. Logically speaking, he shouldn't have been the first to be summoned.

Thinking back to the Heaven Talisman Emperor's Death Immunity Talisman, it meant that Prince Nineteen was favored.

Gu Chensha thought to himself, "It seems like I did well to offer the Seven Saint Heart Cultivation Pill. The other brothers would swallow it if they got it, so why would they offer it up?" He climbed up and followed the eunuch Gao Ling into the hall.

The hall was deep and Heaven Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian sat behind the desk and read documents. There was no one around him. Gao Ling backed out and closed the door. The hall was terrifyingly silent. Gu Chensha knelt down, "Greetings Father." Heaven Talisman Emperor didn't reply. His silence made Gu Chensha feel really nervous.

He had already learned from Wen Hong how terrifying his father was. Many of his secrets might not be able to hide from this number one person in history. This was a person that even gods feared.

"Rise." After a long while, Heaven Talisman Emperor spoke. The moment Gu Chensha stood up, Heaven Talisman Emperor's words nearly caused him to fall back down.