Chapter 379
===========

Gu Chensha, on the other hand, was not dejected. Being tricked by Fa Wuxian was not a big deal.

If he killed Fa Wuxian just like that, then it would be strange and even he would feel that it was pointless.

The battle with Fa Wuxian was definitely not a simple matter. This person was not like Jing Fanxing who was blinded by hatred.

Ever since Zhuge Ya came into being, Fa Wuxian immediately endured. It could be seen that Fa Wuxian could endure and had great wisdom.

However, it was also because of this that the battle between him and Gu Chensha was even more valuable. A few years ago, Gu Chensha was not qualified to compete with Fa Wuxian.

"Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra."

Fa Wuxian activated this sutra. Sure enough, under his senses, the surrounding fire and wind became more intense and wrapped around Gu Chensha as if it wanted to refine Gu Chensha. The cauldron was now completely under Fa Wuxian's control. Fa Wuxian's Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra was exactly the same as Gu Chensha's.

Using the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra to activate the cauldron, the true power of the cauldron was unleashed. Roar!

The fire and wind produced by the cauldron was like a mountain pressing down, creating a tribulation within the fire and wind.

"This cauldron's power is extremely great. Gu Chensha, I will let you enjoy it."

Fa Wuxian's body was also surrounded by wind and fire, but the power of the wind and fire did not have any offensive power. Instead, it turned into many tiny dragon shapes that seeped into Fa Wuxian's body. At the same time, it refined his own magic power and dissolved the Ancient Netherworld Relic in his body. The fire and wind of the cauldron could incinerate everything and refine everything.

Fa Wuxian could naturally control it. On one hand, he could refine Gu Chensha, and on the other hand, he could provide energy for his own recovery. The Ancient Underworld Relic itself was a relic formed from the essence of the ancient deity's mana. It contained a huge amount of energy. Although the nature of the mana did not match with Fa Wuxian's body, forcefully refining it would only bring more harm than good. However, legalism's divine art had the ability to unify all laws.

"Omniscient Realm."

Meanwhile, Fa Wuxian's body had turned into a magical ring. Within the magical ring, one could vaguely see the Omniscient Realm.

The Ancient Underworld Relic was circulating in this Dharma Realm. Traces of fragrant magic power were forcibly extracted and integrated into Fa Wuxian's body. In this way, his cultivation was slowly recovering.

Meanwhile, the Tribulations of Wind and Fire had already surrounded Gu Chensha. They were completely berserk attacks. At first, there were weapons of wind and fire, and all sorts of wild beasts. Then, they actually transformed into Divine Lightning. Rumble!

Countless sparks flew over, and as soon as they touched his body, a chain of explosions occurred. Every spark was like a thunderbolt, shaking the heavens and the earth.

Gu Chensha felt that these sparks, which were larger than dust particles, turned into huge thunderbolts. Their power was even greater than the Sea-Splitting Thunderbolt that he had used before. Furthermore, they carried the power of annihilation.

Billions of sparks surrounded him and exploded in a chain. Even if he had cultivated mana, it would still be difficult to endure. Especially those thunderbolts, there were traces of divinity mixed in. It seemed to be the divine might of the Wind God and the Fire God. This was much more powerful than ordinary lightning arts.

"Gu Chensha, just enjoy it. I don't believe that you can withstand the incineration of this cauldron."

Fa Wuxian controlled the cauldron, causing the wind and fire inside to become more and more ferocious. The wails of ghosts and gods could be heard. On the other hand, he accelerated the refinement of the Ancient Underworld Relic within his body.

"Not bad."

Gu Chensha thought. At this moment, he seemed to be at an absolute disadvantage. Every time the Tribulations of Wind and Fire came, his body would be torn to pieces. If it wasn't for the fact that his body had gone through the Rite of Eden and his bloodline had fused with the power of time and space, as well as the bloodline of the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise and North Star, his body would have been torn to pieces. Even his Golden Core would have been destroyed. He secretly activated his cultivation base, wanting to rush over to Fa Wuxian's side and kill him.

However, the Tribulations of Wind and Fire had a strong tearing force. He could only barely maintain his position. Otherwise, he would have been torn to pieces.

"Dragon Cultivation Technique." Gu Chensha also activated the Dragon Cultivation Technique and started to change the state of the wind and fire around him.

At the same time, he used the Tribulations of Wind and Fire to speed up the fusion of the bloodlines in his body.

The bloodlines in his body were very complicated. He already had the Sun Moon Dragon Bloodline, the God of Seasons Bloodline, the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise and North Star bloodline. He also cultivated many cultivation techniques and gave birth to some bloodlines. The more he had, the more powerful they were. However, he lacked a dominant bloodline. He couldn't display the essence of the bloodline.

Since the bloodlines in his body were so complicated, he didn't want them to explode and fuse with his Golden Core. Otherwise, the Qi that would be created wouldn't be pure and it wouldn't have that kind of supreme pressure.

But now, he wanted to use the pressure from Fa Wuxian to fuse all the bloodlines in his body and turn them into his own bloodline.

The huge power pressed down on him. Gu Chensha used his acupoints to block it and absorb it. His body rotated and he refined it.

"Gu Chensha, I admit that you are strong and I admit that you are my opponent. However, you have a weakness too. The bloodlines in your body are too complicated. Each bloodline is extremely strong and it is like a dragon without a leader. You can't purify them at all. This makes it very difficult for you to cultivate. This is called biting off more than one can chew.

It is simple for you to use this cauldron to purify them. This is also part of my plan. Since you don't want those bloodlines, then give them to me! I want you to do that. " Fa Wuxian had the upper hand again. Weng! The wind and fire suddenly changed forms and they had a huge suction force.

The wind and fire that Gu Chensha absorbed into his body were like fishing hooks. They seeped into his bloodlines and started to hook onto the bloodlines of the Sun and Moon Dragon, Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, Black Tortoise, Gou Chen, and God of Five Seasons.

These bloodlines couldn't be fused. Each of them had their own unique abilities. Although they weren't in a state of disunity, they weren't a solid block either. This gave Fa Wuxian the chance to hook out these powerful bloodlines one by one.

"Fa Wuxian, I didn't expect you to succeed with one move. You are forcing me to fall into your trap again." Gu Chensha said calmly.

"That's right. If you let me gain the upper hand, there is basically no chance."

Fa Wuxian's strength seemed to have recovered a little, causing his body to become sturdier, "I won't refine the bloodlines in your body. I'll merge them with the Martial Monarch Blood and refine a pill. Once you consume it, you will have a chance to obtain the memories of the Martial Monarch Realm. Why was the Martial Monarch Realm so strong back then?

He even surpassed his ancestor, the Martial Sacred Realm. It's because he had entered the Primordial Dragon Gate by chance and obtained many Ultimacies from it. " "I see."

Gu Chensha knew that he had fallen into a disadvantageous position. If this continued, he would be killed. Not only would his bloodline be extracted, Fa Wuxian would also recover gradually, "However, Fa Wuxian, you're wrong when you said that I lack something to suppress those powerful bloodlines." "Oh?"

Fa Wuxian activated the cauldron once again and it grew fiercer, "I would like to see what other trump cards you have up your sleeves." "You've forgotten that my bloodline is the strongest."

Gu Chensha wore a smile, "I'm Gu Taxian's son. Is there anyone in this world that is stronger than him? Then, his bloodline was the strongest existence.

However, he purposely hid the power of his descendants' bloodline. However, I've already comprehended some secrets. It's all because of you that I'm able to awaken my bloodline under your strong pressure. Heavenly Talisman Martial Monarch's bloodline, suppress! " Buzz … The bloodline in Gu Chensha's body seemed to have awakened.

This was the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Martial Monarch. Gu Chensha was Gu Taxian's son, thus he possessed the direct bloodline.

No one could guess how strong the Heavenly Talisman Great Empyrean was. In any case, in front of him, gods were like toddlers learning to walk. The three Heavenly Venerables were ancient oddities, existences that were practically indestructible. But after the Heavenly Talisman Great Empyrean appeared, they were scared like turtles. Even the power of the Heaven-Worshipping Decree was distorted by him. It would be a joke to say that his bloodline was not powerful. However, the strange thing was that most of the Princes and Grandsons had ordinary talents. The only genius among them was the Fourth, Gu Huasha.

The bloodline of the Royal Family was definitely not simple. Gu Chensha had always suspected that Gu Taxian had cast some kind of seal to prevent others from sensing the power of the bloodline.

Now, under the powerful pressure from Fa Wuxian, in addition to some comprehension from the Martial Emperor's blood, Gu Chensha seemed to have really comprehended something. Although it was only a trace and disappeared in a flash, it was enough.

In the depths of his limbs and bones, a boundlessly powerful bloodline that could sweep through the boundless world, causing everything that existed or didn't exist, and even those that existed and didn't exist were born.

In front of this bloodline, the Black Tortoise Bloodline, Black Tortoise Bloodline, God of Seasons Bloodline, and even the Sun Moon Dragon Bloodline were not worth mentioning, and they all trembled in fear.

This bloodline rotated slightly, and after filling up his body for a full cycle, all the other bloodlines were crushed into a brand new bloodline. Some of Gu Chensha's hidden dangers were finally all eliminated. After crushing these bloodlines, Gu Taxian's bloodline disappeared, as if it had never existed.

"It's a pity that my bloodline wasn't fully activated." Gu Chensha sighed, but he was still happy.

The new bloodline that was born from the crushed bloodlines was secretly circulated by Gu Chensha, turning it into a brand new bloodline.

"This bloodline will be called the Common People True Bloodline." Gu Chensha named it. This was his unique bloodline. However, this bloodline couldn't be compared to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline.

Unfortunately, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline was only activated for a moment, and it disappeared completely. Gu Chensha scanned his body inch by inch, but he couldn't find any traces of it.