Chapter 383
===========

"Lord Martial Emperor, even if the world is given to you now, with your cultivation base, can you do it safely?"

Gu Chensha did not fear the Martial Emperor at all. "I'm afraid that the Immortal Dao's retaliation will tear you apart again.

Your era has passed. Even if you manage to resurrect now, you can only be a hermit. Don't ever think about meddling in the affairs of the world again. " "No one dares to go against my decision."

Killing intent flashed in Martial Emperor Wu's eyes. "Although I encountered a calamity back then, I set up many things and didn't die completely. I haven't completely woken up all these years, but I've faintly comprehended the endless mysteries of heaven. I've operated the Great Dao and comprehended the last flaw of the Divergent. As long as I cultivate again, I'll definitely be able to jump out of the Three Realms and no longer belong to the Five Elements. Becoming an existence on the same level as the three Empyreans was just around the corner.

In that case, the three great Empyreans will not be able to do anything to me, and I will naturally be able to do something that will dominate the world. " Gu Chensha was able to glean a lot of information from this conversation.

A Martial Emperor was not a true Divergent. He was still a step away from completely comprehending the supreme secret of a Divergent.

"Lord Martial Emperor, even if you've cultivated to the same level as the three great Heavenly Venerables, then let me ask you, compared to the fiercest Xing Qiong Clan in the Divine Prefecture, who is the fiercest?" Gu Chensha asked.

"This …" Emperor Wu was slightly taken aback. "Back then, the Xing Qiong Clan appeared out of nowhere and was a peerless monster. He killed many ancient Heavenly Sons of Heaven, and the three Heavenly Venerables joined forces to deal with him.

Adding on to the fact that countless experts had come out in full force, the Xing Qiong Clan had been split apart, and its body had been suppressed in various secret locations. In reality, it had not died yet.

This vicious beast really had the ability to pierce through the heavens. The three great Empyreans might not be able to do anything about it. I am naturally no match for him. " "That's it then."

Gu Chensha said, "Even if it's as powerful as the Xing Qiong Clan, it can't avoid suffering a calamity. Why must Lord Martial Emperor be so persistent?"

"That's exactly why it's more meaningful." Emperor Wu waved his hand. "How would someone like you understand my ambition?

According to your point of view, people have to live, age, get sick, and die. It's hard to surpass it, so there's no need to cultivate?

If things were simple, I would have been able to unify the world very quickly. I would have found it boring instead. Alright, we ask you, do you agree or not? " "Lord Martial Emperor, you're underestimating me."

Gu Chensha laughed and said, "You are looking down on our Tranquil Immortal Department. Our Tranquil Immortal Department has been attacked by a Sage and survived. You are just a drop of blood that has just awakened, and you want to control me with the remains of the Dragon Transformation Pagoda? You are delusional." Kacha kacha …

An inexplicable force descended. The Trapping Immortal Armor on Gu Chensha's body disintegrated layer by layer before disappearing. Then, another person appeared in front of the five Martial Monarchs.

This person had a feather fan and silk handkerchief. He was tall and slender, and he wore a crane cloak. He had a sage-like demeanor and carried the aura of a peerless strategist. He could decide the future of the world and change the structure of the world while he was talking and laughing. The Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, had appeared.

"Congratulations on the awakening of the Martial Emperor."

Zhuge Ya held the feather fan in his hand and cupped it slightly. "But after the Martial Emperor woke up, he actually kidnapped a King of the Imperial Court. This is a remnant of the previous dynasty plotting a rebellion." "Lord of Seven Stars." The Martial Emperor looked at Zhuge Ya with a deep sense of dread.

A person's reputation was like a tree's shadow. The Lord of Seven Stars' fame had long since spread to many hidden dimensions. Naturally, Martial Emperors were well aware of how powerful she was.

"Martial Emperor, this is not your era. Your awakening was actually a mistake. Of course, if you're willing to give up on the idea of hegemony and join the Calming Immortal Department, then contribute to the common people, that would be the right thing to do. Otherwise, I'm afraid the Martial Emperor will die again, and this time, he'll be consigned to eternal damnation," said Zhuge Ya.

"Not bad, not bad."

The Martial Emperor nodded, not the slightest bit angry. "Lord of Seven Stars, we'll meet again sooner or later." Whoosh! The Martial Emperor had actually disappeared without a trace.

"The Martial Emperor actually ran away?" Gu Chensha had expected a battle.

"Of course. As an emperor, he's extremely suspicious.

Now that he's awakened, thousands of years have passed. He's naturally very careful, and doesn't dare fight me head-on. I suspect he's still searching for something he left behind to recover his strength. Right now, he's not very strong. He doesn't dare rashly take risks, "said Zhuge Ya.

"How did you know I was trapped by the Martial Emperor, Mister Zhuge?" asked Gu Chensha.

"Your Highness, the Common People's Wish sphere was refined with your blood, sweat, and tears, and the Ghost-God Touch tree was planted and cultivated by you, Your Highness. Its prosperity and decline are naturally related to you. If you're in danger, the sphere's destiny will fluctuate. As the Lord of Seven Stars, I have a profound understanding of the Dao of Destiny. Naturally, I know what you've encountered." Zhuge Ya's face lit up with delight. "Congratulations, Your Highness." "What's there to be happy about?

I didn't succeed in dealing with Jing Qiu, nor did I succeed in dealing with Fa Wuxian. Instead, he took the Ancient Netherworld Relic. Given time, he'll be even more terrifying and difficult to control.

The Martial Emperor took all of the treasures in the Ancient Netherworld Cave. I didn't get anything, and the Martial Emperor even extracted a third of my bloodline. I don't know if I can cultivate it back.

Originally, I could have directly reached the 20th Dao Realm Transformation Stage and cultivated magic, but now that my bloodline has thinned and my body's accumulation has decreased, it will be very difficult. "Gu Chensha felt that there was nothing to be happy about at all.

"You don't have to say that, Your Highness."

Zhuge Ya said, "First of all, Your Highness has finally awakened the Emperor's bloodline. Using the Emperor's bloodline, you shattered many other bloodlines and merged them back into one. It is extremely pure and your cultivation has truly merged with the inside and outside. Your Dao has become even more profound, so the loss of your bloodline isn't a big deal. As your cultivation deepens, your bloodline will recover." "But my father's bloodline isn't effective at times, so I don't know how to activate it."

Gu Chensha said, "The world is in chaos, and the Martial Emperor has appeared. He is a peerless hero and has comprehended the Divergent Dao. If he wants to cause chaos in the world and restore the glory of the past, it will be dangerous."

"It doesn't matter. His awakening is actually a huge hidden danger." Zhuge Ya was confident. "This is the Prince's biggest opportunity." "What do you mean?" Gu Chensha didn't understand.

"That Martial Emperor awakened after absorbing your bloodline. Your bloodline contains Gouchen Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, Five Seasons God, and Sun Moon Dragon Blood. All of them were shattered and merged into one. This bloodline contains a rare ability. After he absorbs it, he can use it to awaken and obtain huge benefits. But if that happens, he will never be able to break away from you. We can use this to grab a chance and use the bloodline summoning technique to obtain all his memories and cultivation comprehension as resources. Apart from that, in the future, we will be able to grasp his actions. Like that, we can use him to do many things." Zhuge Ya waved his fan and returned to the depths of the Common People's Wish ball with Gu Chensha. At this moment, Lou Baiyue and Jin Suibo were no longer in the ball.

"Jin Suibo went outside to discuss all sorts of matters with the Immortal Dao, to reorganize and unite as one.

Princess Yuefu went to the Demonic Domain to kill monsters with Liu Yu, Qian Zhen, Zhou Bu, Mo Chao, and Jia Liang in an attempt to speed up the evolution of the Touch of Ghostly and Divine tree, "Zhuge Ya explained.

"Nineteenth Brother, have you also sensed father's bloodline?" The Fourth was still cultivating in the ball and didn't go out.

"Fourth Brother, have you sensed father's bloodline before?" Gu Chensha asked in surprise.

"That's right. This happened when I was young. I encountered an extremely dangerous situation. I went out incognito and met people from the martial arts world. They saw my wealth and wanted to kill me. At that time, I saw that I was in a hopeless situation, so I suddenly activated the bloodline in my body and killed the criminals. From then on, I went from a medium aptitude to an unparalleled genius. I've never told anyone about this because I haven't sensed father's bloodline since then. "

The Fourth recalled. "Father's bloodline is the strongest bloodline in the world. Unfortunately, we can't activate it at any time. We don't know what conditions are needed to finally activate it."

"Strange, very strange. Unfortunately father is in seclusion. Otherwise, I would like to ask him about this." Gu Chensha recalled. He also didn't know why he suddenly activated it. If he activated it a few more times, his aptitude would probably make him a Born Saint. Logically speaking, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was so powerful. How could his bloodline be weak?

"I've been trying to figure this out for many years, but I don't have any clues." The Fourth said, "Mister Zhuge, do you have any suggestions?"

"I really can't figure out anything about the emperor's bloodline. It's up to you two to figure it out yourselves."

Zhuge Ya shook his head. "What we need to do now is to plan to obtain the Martial Emperor's memories. The Martial Emperor's memories contain his understanding of the Dao of Deviants and his experience in the Dragon Gate of the Primitive Universe. If we can obtain these things, it will be of great help in figuring out our own martial arts. "

Both Gu Chensha and The Fourth had their own Dao. They had created their own cultivation methods. This method of creation was harder and harder as they progressed. It was not as fast as inheriting the orthodoxy of their predecessors and cultivating step by step.

To create one's own cultivation method, one had to learn from others' strong points and absorb their essence. Then, one would gradually refine their own knowledge. The more knowledge one absorbed, the more resources one would have.

Although Gu Chensha had accumulated a lot of knowledge, it was still not enough. If he could obtain the Martial Emperor's memories, he would have accumulated everything.

"Mister, actually, we haven't obtained all of Jiang Gongwang's memories. If we could obtain all of them, we would be above the Martial Emperor's level, right?" The Fourth asked.