Chapter 37
==========

Xian Prefecture used to be a country and it was dozens of times larger than Stone Prefecture. The land was flat and fertile, the weather was moderate, and the rivers intersected like a net. The people were brave and aggressive.

Logically speaking, Xian Prefecture could have been split into many more prefectures, but due to the initial peace, too many people were killed. If they were to forcefully split the prefecture, it might cause more problems, so it was left behind.

When the canal reached Xian Province, the flow of the water became much smoother and more spacious. Like a vast lake, it gave off the feeling that it stretched as far as the eye could see. On the surface of the river, there were hundreds of barges competing with each other. The ships coming and going were densely packed, causing the movement of the Fire Shark Warship to slow down.

There were government ships, merchant ships, military ships, civilian ships … all of them were transporting supplies from all directions.

The war was about to start and there were many business opportunities. Many merchants wanted to come here to get rich.

On the canal, there were many military ships that maintained order. Those ships were all armored ships with iron cannons on them. The black barrels threatened all the criminals. But when the ships saw the Fire Shark Ship, they all made way and opened up a path.

The Fire Shark Ship had a dragon flag on it. It meant that the Imperial Envoy was out on patrol and everyone had to avoid it. All of a sudden, a large warship with a royal flag flew towards them.

As the warship listened, a small boat shot forward and arrived next to the Fire Shark Warship. The people on the small boat then shouted, "On the orders of Prince Fan, we are here to welcome Lord Imperial Envoy. Prince Fan has already prepared a banquet for Lord Imperial Envoy, and would like to invite Lord Imperial Envoy to the banquet.

Lou Baiyue sat on the boat and listened, "Let Prince Fan's boat guide us. We will meet the local officials. After all, we have to rely on them. " "Who knows how Third Brother will show me?"

Gu Chensha didn't smile. He was thinking about how to deal with Gufan Sha, "I don't know his cultivation, but what realm is he at? You definitely have intel. "

This Third Prince wasn't someone he could offend. If he offended him to clean up the manor, he would definitely make things difficult for him.

"Third Brother's cultivation is roughly at Dao Realm Transformation Four. He eats metal and rocks and his organs are like a furnace.

Of course, this is only the information on the surface. This person is deep and is definitely hiding his strength. According to my estimation, he might have reached the Five Transformations, the Hundred Apertures Condensing Spirit. Lou Baiyue's tone was unhurried, "But give me three to five years and I'll be able to surpass him."

The first five transformations of the Dao Realm were all about cultivating the body. Only when one reached the sixth transformation would one refine Qi into Stellar Energy and store Xiantian Stellar Energy in one's body. That was completely different, and with a raise of one's hand, one could tear an enemy from a hundred steps away. At this level, Gu Chensha was absolutely no match for him.

He also knew that the difference between his strength and this Third Brother's was too great, so he had to rely on his brain to deal with him.

The Fire Shark Warship followed Prince Fan's ship to the shore. The dock had already been cleared, and the ground was covered with a scarlet carpet. Officials of all sizes stood on both sides of the dock.

With the arrival of the imperial envoy, how could the officials of Xian Province dare to neglect him?

"Welcome, Lord Imperial Envoy!" Seeing Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue disembark from the ship, many of the officials knelt on the ground.

"Rise," Lou Baiyue said, then ignored these officials and looked at a group of people walking over from afar.

The person in the lead was clad in battle armor, a large yellow cloak, and a purple-gold crown. He looked to be in his early twenties, but he had a calm bearing, and there was a faint halo around him that made him impervious to all evils. It was the Third Prince, Gu Chensha.

"Hahaha, Nineteenth Brother, Baiyue, I didn't expect Imperial Father to send you here. I've been paying attention since I received the decree from the Upper Study, and I heard that you were attacked by the remnants of the Black Demon Bat. Are you alright? "

Gu Chensha walked up to them, his voice full of concern. Those who didn't know the ropes would think that the brothers were in good terms.

But Gu Chensha knew that this Third Brother hid a dagger behind his smile, and he was the most sinister of them all. His personality was completely different from the Tenth Brother, Gu Zhensha, and he was even more terrifying.

"Thank you for your concern, Third Brother. I'm fine," Gu Chensha replied, secretly observing for any abnormalities.

"The matter is urgent, so I won't say much. Since Imperial Father sent you here to patrol the area and appease the people, then there's an important matter at hand.

I've already set up a banquet. Let's talk while we eat. "Gu Chensha's expression suddenly turned murderous. He really changed his face at a moment's notice.

"I think so too." Lou Baiyue didn't seem to care at all, and walked forward with large strides.

Gu Chensha maintained his silence and followed at the side. Although he was also an imperial envoy, his foundation was shallow. Right now, he just had to stand firm and deal with every move that came his way. He couldn't take the initiative to cause trouble, so he let Lou Baiyue take the lead.

Not far from the shore was a large and spacious palace. It was surrounded by armored soldiers, and ceremonial music rang out. The scene was quite grand.

"If it wasn't for the fact that I don't have the status of an imperial envoy, I'm afraid that it would be cold and empty, and Third Brother wouldn't even pay attention to me.

With such a grand scene in front of me, Third Brother has to do it. Otherwise, if the imperial censor, imperial censor, and the people's newspapers criticize me for looking down on the imperial envoy and being disrespectful to the imperial power, my reputation will be greatly damaged. "

Gu Chensha sat down, but it was the main seat. He looked at the faces of the many officials below, and he felt a little dizzy. This was the first time he was sitting high up in the imperial court, preparing to discuss matters of state.

As far as the eye could see, everyone had ulterior motives and had their own plans. He was a loner, and no one could trust him.

"Could it be that this is how it feels to be an emperor?"

Gu Chensha only felt a little emotional before returning to his senses. He acted as if nothing had happened. He saw that Lou Baiyue was familiar with the place, as if she often gave orders. He knew that she often went out to do business, so she was already at ease.

There were twenty-four provinces in Xian Province, and the governors of each province were gathered here. In addition, the generals in charge of the armies of each province were also gathered here.

Nowadays, there were canals connecting all the places. Ships could travel two to three thousand miles in a day and night, so it was very convenient for the officials to hold meetings in the same province.

"Everyone, I'm here under the emperor's orders to pacify the local areas and patrol Xian Province. This is to ensure that the army will have a stable rear for the upcoming campaign. The imperial court will use the power of the entire country to exterminate the barbarians at the beginning of spring. This is the national policy."

Lou Baiyue didn't say anything from the start. She was very sharp, and the atmosphere suddenly became solemn. The officials looked at Third Prince Gu Chensha, hoping that he would resolve the situation.

"Baiyue, there's no need to be in such a hurry. Nineteenth Brother is also an important person appointed by Imperial Father to pacify Xian Province. I heard that he has awakened the bloodline of The Great Spirit God. Then, won't the people of Xian Province who believe in The Great Spirit God worship him like a god?" The Third Prince chuckled and interrupted Lou Baiyue's words. "Nineteenth Brother, what do you think?"

"I'm inexperienced and have never done a task before. This time, Imperial Father sent me here only to let me learn. How could I have any opinions?" Gu Chensha quickly waved his hand. "I'll listen to Princess Fu Yue's orders. She is the commander in chief."

He didn't care about the prince's face at all when he said this. If word got out, he would definitely be judged as incompetent.

This was something many princes didn't want to do, but he didn't care about such things. He would first let Lou Baiyue handle everything so that he could stand firm.

Third Prince Gu Chensha frowned slightly. His original intention was to use Gu Chensha's first time out on a mission and his eagerness to perform meritorious deeds to create a rift between Lou Baiyue and him. This way, when the two imperial envoys had different opinions, it would be difficult to create a flaw in his management of Xian Province. However, he didn't expect that Gu Chensha would start to belittle himself and express that he would only follow Lou Baiyue's lead. He wanted to show his incompetence in front of the other officials. This move of retreating in order to advance was flawless.

"Alright, let's talk while eating."

Third Prince Gu Chensha clapped his hands, and a beautiful maid with a graceful figure brought over a plate of fruits. There wasn't any meat.

However, the fruits were extraordinary. When they were brought in, the fragrance assailed one's nostrils. Just smelling it would make one feel refreshed.

The officials below had three dates on their plates. They were the size of a thumb, and they were fiery red as if they were burning.

As for Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and Gu Chensha, other than the three dates, there was also a green peach.

The green peach looked like jade, but it was also transparent. One could see a dense mist circulating inside with purple qi spiraling around it. One didn't even need to look to know that it was not an ordinary item.

"These are the Fire Dates and Purple-Green Immortal Peaches."

Third Prince Gu Chensha introduced, "I broke into a barbarian tribe and destroyed their temple. There are these trees in the temple. The elders of the barbarian temple nurtured them meticulously. One is to worship the gods, and the other is to nurture experts.

The Fire Dates contain fire element spiritual energy. Normal people can use it to train their bones and organs. One is equivalent to 10 years of cultivation. As for the Purple-Green Immortal Peaches, they are even more amazing. The purple and green energy within have unbelievable effects. Dao Realm experts all flock to them. "

Gu Chensha didn't stand on ceremony. He picked up the peach and started to eat it. "Thank you, third brother. Then, I shall enjoy it first."

He had read about the Purple-Green Immortal Peaches in books. They were a special product of the wilderness and were extremely rare. They were often worshipped as a God Tree by the barbarians. The tree was naturally purple and green, and it could actually absorb spiritual energy like Dao Realm experts. When people cultivated under it, they would be nourished by the spiritual energy and their cultivation speed would be several times faster than normal people. Many barbarian experts comprehended the dao under the Purple-Green Immortal Tree.

The Purple-Green Immortal Peach was the fruit of the God Tree. It bloomed every 30 years, bore fruit after 30 years, and matured after 30 years. This meant that one peach needed 100 years.

The barbarians would build temples where the Purple-Green Immortal Tree grew. They used the temples to raise the God Tree and didn't allow outsiders to get close.

As the Immortal Peach entered his stomach, a stream of energy spiraled through his meridians like a dragon. Gu Chensha used his will to look inside his body. He found that the green and purple energies were in harmony, tempering his flesh and blood.

"Third Brother wouldn't take such a good thing out easily if it wasn't for this occasion. But I got it."

After eating the Immortal Peach, he ate a Fire Date. It melted in his mouth as well. Warm energy flowed in and out of his seven orifices.

The officials didn't want to let go of this opportunity. They ate the Fire Date. Some ate one and hid the other two in their pockets to take home.

The Fire Date wasn't an ordinary item. Apart from the rich Third Prince Gu Fasha, it was difficult for the other officials to eat it. It was something that couldn't be bought with money. The big families wouldn't sell it after obtaining it. Instead, they would use it for themselves or train their disciples.

"Alright!

Now that everyone has eaten and drunk, it's time to get down to business. "Lou Baiyue saw that it was about time and gave the order. The hall immediately became deathly silent. The officials suddenly became nervous.

"Inspector of Ba Nan Province, come out."

Lou Baiyue pointed at an official below her. "On the third day of the last month, the Black Fiend Cult bewitched the unruly people in Ba Nan Province's Tao County, An County, and Cha County. The barbarian spies fanned the flames, causing the three counties to decay and become evil cult altars. Thousands of people were killed and sacrificed in this one month. As the Inspector, why didn't you send an army to exterminate them?"

"This lowly official has been prepared. I've already sent an army to surround the three counties to prevent the evil cult from spreading."

Inspector Ba Nan didn't seem nervous. He stood and replied, "However, there are many experts in the evil cult. This lowly official can't exterminate them in a short time."

"Why didn't you report the evil cult's rebellion? Are you afraid that the imperial court will find out and dismiss you?" Lou Baiyue's voice became increasingly stern.

"This lowly official has no such intentions."

Inspector Ba Nan's tone didn't soften. "This lowly official is looking at the big picture. I'm afraid that news of the evil cult's rebellion will spread and the capital will fall into a panic. This will be detrimental to the imperial court's prestige. This is to maintain stability. " "A load of nonsense!"

Lou Baiyue was furious. "Inspector Ba Nan, you've neglected your duty and caused hundreds of thousands of people in the three counties to be tormented by the evil cult. Do you know that for every day you delay, those people will be slaughtered like chickens and ducks by the evil cult? How could you make light of such a tragic matter? Men, take him down. " "Wait!" Third Prince Gu Fasha shouted in a gloomy voice.