Chapter 1018
============

Creating a Heavenly Dao

At the foot of a mountain that towered into the clouds, Zhao Jiangshan's entire body was covered with wounds as he quietly lay next to a spring. His wounds were shocking to see. There were saber wounds, wounds from lightning and fire attacks, and his entire body was scorched black. There was also an extremely poisonous aura. The rocks that he was lying on had been corroded by the poison on his body.

With such serious injuries, he should have died, but Zhao Jiangshan was still alive. He struggled to his feet, and like a walking corpse, he slowly circulated a mental cultivation technique within his body.

Instantly, a majestic power was born within his body, which violently cleansed his body. Before long, his body was as clean as new. After that, the power seeped into the surrounding rocks, mountains, and spring water. Instantly, the rocks, mountains, and spring water were filled with spiritual energy, which could nourish everything. The fish in the spring water all developed intelligence, and some even developed cultivation bases. In addition, with him as the center, many spirit medicines were born in the forest within a radius of several li. There were thousand-year-old lingzhi mushrooms, ten-thousand-year-old ginseng, blood dragon grass, cinnabar fruits, and so on. All of them automatically grew, turning the forest into something like a blessed land.

Before long, the entire forest was transformed, and Zhao Jiangshan climbed to his feet. His cultivation base had increased by a lot, and he was instantly in high spirits. "The Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique is truly profound. It doesn't absorb energy from the outside world, but rather, it's a great power born from my own heart and soul. In addition, if I want to progress with the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique, I have to unleash my own spirit power to make the world more beautiful and filled with spiritual energy. Ever since I comprehended the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique, I've basically gained an indestructible body. No one can kill me. That Gu Chensha is really amazing, to actually be able to create such a heaven-changing mental cultivation technique. However, sooner or later, I, Zhao Jiangshan, will become a major figure that will attract the attention of the world."

Zhao Jiangshan was a young man, and he looked to be about seventeen or eighteen years old. He was extremely handsome, and his eyes were filled with wisdom and ambition. It was as if nothing could stump him, and he was truly invincible. With his injuries completely healed, Zhao Jiangshan let out a long roar and soared into the sky.

About an hour after he flew away, several beams of light descended from the sky, and a few people appeared. They immediately realized that something was wrong. "Dammit, that little bastard can't be killed. He has comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra. Look, this place was originally very ordinary, but in the blink of an eye, the Spiritual Qi is overflowing. In addition, so many spiritual objects and rare treasures have been born. This is a sign that his Dragonless Heart Sutra has begun to improve."

"Last month, this little bastard defiled our sect's Junior Sister. He went around raping and pillaging, committing all sorts of crimes. We must capture him and consign him to eternal damnation.

However, this little bastard's strength is getting stronger and stronger. It's very likely that we won't be a match for him as we chase after him. "

"This little bastard is temperamental. Sometimes he's good, sometimes he's evil. When he's evil, he'll incessantly kill people and burn cities. When he's good, he'll create many spiritual items and distribute them to the people. It can be said that good and evil are all in his thoughts, and it's impossible to grasp." "No matter what, I have to kill this brat." The few of them discussed for a while before continuing their pursuit.

"So it's this guy?"

After that person left, Gu Chensha landed here as well. "Interesting, interesting. Zhao Jiangshan seems to have obtained the resonance of this universe's Heavenly Dao. After comprehending the Dragonless Mantra, he's still good and evil at times. This guy doesn't seem to want to submit to me, but rather, go against me. However, I still want to see how strong he is. (This chapter is not finished, please flip the page.) How will he grow, and how will he become a Heavenly Dao expert? " Swoosh! Gu Chensha left this place as well.

The next moment, he arrived in a city. This city was very prosperous, but it was still in the feudal era. There were horse carriages and sedan chairs on the streets, but everyone was strong and powerful. Clearly, this was an era where martial arts flourished. At this time, Zhao Jiangshan was already in a brothel. That's right, it was a brothel.

Within the brothel, Zhao Jiangshan called for a total of seven or eight girls to play with in the room. After a while, the seven or eight girls were no longer breathing. Next, Zhao Jiangshan's body moved, and he appeared in another place.

"Dead?"

Gu Chensha could clearly see that when Zhao Jiangshan played with these seven or eight girls to death, he wasn't plucking them. Rather, he was purely playing with them to obtain pleasure in his heart. This sort of twisted pleasure could even strengthen his spirit force. Gu Chensha tapped slightly, and these dead girls came back to life. After that, he followed after this Zhao Jiangshan. With every breath that passed, Zhao Jiangshan's strength would grow stronger.

"Awesome!"

Zhao Jiangshan arrived in the courtyard of another wealthy family in this city. He stretched his back, "Every time I play with women to death, I feel extremely comfortable. Actually, the more I rape and kill those noble girls, the more they feel extreme humiliation. I can feel the hatred and humiliation in their hearts, as well as the despair they feel, the fear they feel, the fear they feel, and the change in their mental state of begging for mercy. This will greatly satisfy my spirit. On the contrary, it will stimulate the growth of my cultivation base." "Zhao Jiangshan, you're actually doing evil here again." Swish! Gu Chensha landed. "Seems like I have to completely capture you before I can avoid this calamity." "Who are you?"

Zhao Jiangshan looked at Gu Chensha. He didn't recognize him, but he didn't care. He continued in a frivolous manner, "From your attire, you should be someone from the Justice League. Right now, people from both the righteous and evil sides want to kill me. Actually, it doesn't matter.

This universe will be mine sooner or later. The entire world will be mine as well. Everything, everything, everything will be mine. Righteous and evil are in my heart, and I can freely switch between them. Since you're here to capture me, you have to pay the corresponding price. " Swish! All of a sudden, Zhao Jiangshan made his move.

When he made his move, a beam of cold light reached Gu Chensha's throat. After that, it exploded, turning into a sky full of cold stars. Even Gu Chensha's primordial spirit was enveloped, not giving him any chance to escape.

"This is my original move, Falling Chilling Star. Enjoy it." Zhao Jiangshan laughed out loud. "Of course, if you submit to me, I can let you live."

Gu Chensha waved his hand, and the cold lights were all dissipated. Then, he grabbed Zhao Jiangshan. His body flickered slightly, and he left the city, arriving in a desert. Zhao Jiangshan struggled in his hand, but he couldn't escape at all.

"You! Who are you exactly? You're actually so strong. Are you an ancestor? "

Zhao Jiangshan's eyes were extremely cold, but he wasn't afraid. He just felt that he had been captured, and he was extremely unwilling. "Even if you are an ancestor, I will not let you go. (This chapter is not finished, please continue to the next page.) I'm not as good as you, but in the future, I will definitely make you beg for death. "

"You are sometimes righteous, sometimes evil. Sometimes, you do good deeds, and sometimes, you commit evil deeds. I want to change you. This is a desert, desolate and uninhabited. There are almost no living things that can survive here. I'll let you transform this desert." Gu Chensha laughed. "Come, activate your spirit force and transform it. How about it?" "Why must I listen to you? I can do whatever I want. "Zhao Jiangshan howled.

However, Gu Chensha basically didn't care about what Zhao Jiangshan said. He activated his energy, and a moment later, Zhao Jiangshan's spirit force started to radiate outwards. Gradually, greenery appeared in the desert. Plants started to grow, and spring water appeared. All sorts of animals and spiritual qi appeared. The spiritual qi once again spread out, transforming the entire desert.

"Who on earth are you? If I know who you are, I'll definitely kill you."

Zhao Jiangshan's voice grew colder and colder. As he began to transform the desert, he could only transform an area of several dozen kilometers in the blink of an eye. But after a day and a night, the area he transformed had expanded by ten times. With a thought, his power surged out, transforming an area of several hundred kilometers.

Half a month passed. Zhao Jiangshan was held in Gu Chensha's hand. Every day, he would constantly emit his spirit force to transform this desert.

In the end, with a single thought, the entire desert that spanned millions and millions of miles became an oasis. All sorts of treasures were born in these oases.

"Spirit force. So this is how it works. Spirit force is truly endless, but how much can each person use? Moreover, it's restricted by the laws of the world. "

At this moment, Zhao Jiangshan seemed to have comprehended something. "The spirit force in my body is like a boundless ocean, and my cultivation base and realm are the water pipes that connect to this ocean. The size of the water pipes determines the size of my cultivation base. Therefore, there's no need for us to strengthen our source. We only need to expand the water pipes. And the transformation of the world itself is a technique to expand the water pipes. "

All of a sudden, Zhao Jiangshan's body trembled. Waves of energy gushed out and actually formed a resonance with the source heavenly dao energy of the entire universe. RUMBLE!

He actually broke free from Gu Chensha's grasp. His body soared up and transformed as a cruel smile appeared on his face. "Bastard, you didn't expect this, right? Not only am I not injured at all, but my cultivation base is also growing stronger and stronger. You actually dared to imprison me? I don't care who you are, I'm going to kill you completely."

"As expected, this person is a combination of good and evil. He received the changes from the fusion of the universe. Only by doing so would he be able to obtain the resonance of heavenly dao energy."

During these days, Gu Chensha was actually catalyzing Zhao Jiangshan. At the same time, he was analyzing Zhao Jiangshan's mental state, as well as the entire universe.

This universe was formed from the fusion of the righteous universe and the evil universe. Neither side could win against the other, and in the end, it became a universe where good was evil and evil was good. As this universe brewed, a person like Zhao Jiangshan was born.

"This universe has already given birth to some kind of instinct. Under the stimulation of my dragonless mental cultivation art, this universe is already extremely huge and can produce true heavenly daos. The instincts of heavenly daos are gathered and projected onto Zhao Jiangshan's body. It's a little miraculous. It seems like this will increase my experience in creating heavenly daos. "