Chapter 880
===========

"Gu Xuansha, do you really think you're invincible with this system and battleship?"

Gu Tiansha, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, stood up slowly. His aura was like the sky, the earth, the void, and the origin.

"Divine Origin!"

Gu Xuansha said in shock, "You're at the Divine Origin Level. Weren't you at the Celestial Master Level before?"

He knew that people like Gu Tiansha could sweep the world as long as they became Celestial Masters. Just like Gu Chensha, he was invincible at the Celestial Master Level. Every step he took in the future would be an earth-shattering change.

In the past, before Gu Chensha had become a Heavenly Venerate, when the Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Chensha, had become a Heavenly Venerate, Gu Chensha had almost swept through the world.

"That's right. I've completely assimilated the essence of the Lord of the Sun and Moon, as well as the essence of the Dao of Heaven, and the essence of the Ancient Immortal-Trampling. I've become something completely new. Did you know that in the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman, the dao of heaven lost control of me, and I was able to assimilate the essence. Now I'm at the Heavenly Origin level, and my power has increased by more than a hundred times.

My power has increased by more than a hundred times. I can use the power of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand, but you … it's not your own power. How dare you come to me? "Gu Tiansha said proudly," I'm not the Lord of the Sun and Moon anymore. You can call me the Lord of Eternity.

Yongchō means eternity. You want to have the same dream as the Emperor Of Heaven just because you've got the relics of the prehistoric civilization? You're delusional. "

"Gu Tiansha, we'll only know who's stronger after we fight. Let's gather the power of the prehistoric civilization."

Gu Xuansha suddenly attacked. He broke through layers of obstacles and arrived in front of Gu Tiansha. Fist to rule the world. One punch to shock the world.

"Gu Tiansha, try the most powerful fist technique of the prehistoric civilization, Fist of the God of Heaven. Dominate everything in the world. Only I can live and die."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha's fist technique was unstoppable. He tore apart everything and sought the ultimate freedom, the freedom above freedom.

When he punched, a vortex suddenly appeared with his fist as the center. It contained the power to destroy everything and absorb and crush everything. Suddenly, endless Solar True Fire gathered at the center of his fist. The entire sun was about to collapse. This was Gu Tiansha's home ground, but Gu Xuansha's punch was about to absorb the entire sun and turn it into the system's energy source.

The sun was the manifestation of the Celestial Plane's will. The will of the Celestial Plane was vast and mighty. It was an existence that cultivators could never hope to defeat. In fact, it was an existence that cultivators could not even look up to.

However, the Warships and the God System of the Prehistoric Civilization were essentially more tyrannical existences than the Heaven Realm.

What was even more amazing was that the battleship and the system had successfully survived the great calamity of the destruction of the world and the destruction of all living things into primordial chaos. They had actually survived the explosion of primordial chaos and had successfully accumulated a lot of experience points. Even the battleship and the system had been greatly honed. Theoretically speaking, the battleship and the system were almost immortal.

Although the blazing sun of the Heavenly Realm was vast, under the power of the battleship and the system, it was somewhat unable to withstand it.

"Good, you do have some skill."

Gu Tiansha waved his hands and a talisman appeared. The talisman formed the word "Yong." The word spread out and suppressed all the waves. Even Gu Xuansha's punch had lost its power. Gu Xuansha's punch had lost all its power. Yong Zhen River and Mountain.

Gu Tiansha grabbed Gu Xuansha's fist and a mocking smile appeared on his face. "It's not your own power. It's all because of a magic treasure that you obtained. You want to fight back against me? Do you really think you can devour me? What a joke.

You're like a rich man who doesn't know how high the sky is. Do you think you can rebel just because you got some wealth?

"Gu Tiansha, if you were strong, you wouldn't be hiding here like a turtle. You would go and challenge Gu Chensha."

The Crown Prince's Ancient Arcane Sand Fist suddenly became incorporeal, and Gu Tiansha grabbed nothing but air. "I didn't expect your cultivation level to rise so quickly. You actually cultivated directly to Heaven Origin Realm. I admit it was a mistake. But you can't do anything to me. Why don't we work together? "

With this move, Gu Xuansha could tell that it was impossible for him to kill Gu Xuansha. He didn't want to have a pointless fight anymore. He wanted to work together and plot against Gu Xuansha.

"It's right for us to work together."

Gu Tiansha could also see that it was impossible for him to destroy the battleship and system left by the prehistoric civilization, so he started to feign civility.

"Okay, I think only by working together can we not be taken advantage of by Emperor Heaven and Gu Chensha. In fact, in terms of the factions in the world, the future Heavenly Court and the Emperor Heaven are the strongest. Of course, Gu Chensha has the fate of the Divine Prefecture and the court, so he won't be outdone. I'm weaker, and you are much weaker."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha saw the situation clearly. "But if we work together, we won't be weaker than Emperor Heaven and Gu Chensha." "That makes sense. In the past, I supported you to take back the position of Crown Prince."

Gu Tiansha put on a fake smile and said, "But at that time, you were weak and didn't cause any big waves. But now, you have really grown up. I will still assist you to become the crown prince and fight with Gu Tiansha for fate and luck. In reality, as long as we control all the people of the Divine Prefecture.

In fact, as long as we control all the people in the Divine Prefecture, the power of sacrifice every year will be enough to form our immortal bodies. "

"That's right. Right now, the people with the bloodline of the Divine Prefecture are the most valuable wealth. Even if we gather 100 million people with the bloodline of the Divine Prefecture and make them sacrifice to me, the immortal substance extracted from the sacrifice will allow the system and the battleship to recover a lot of power and repair the damage. Then, I will be able to control a large part of the power," Crown Prince Gu Xuansha said.

"You have to be careful of the 12 leaders in the battleship. Although they are dead and in a deep sleep, their imprints are still there. They can wake up at any time and take over your thoughts."

Gu Tiansha seemed to be very familiar with the battleship and the system. A smile appeared on his face. "Main God, Main Dawn, Main Ruler, Main Spirit, Main Xiu, Main Blaze, Main Mi, Main Sa, Main Pu, Main Na, Main Eon, Main Si. If the 12 Main Gods gather together, you won't be a match at all. " "How are you so familiar with the battleship and the system?" Crown Prince Gu Xuansha was wary.

"Naturally, I'm omniscient. I carry the essence of the Ancient Treading Immortal, and the Ancient Treading Immortal fused with the Immortal Lord, so I've long understood all the secrets of the prehistoric civilization. That's why he created the Great Massacre God Art. The Great Massacre God Art itself is a supreme art created by combining the immortal dao civilization and the prehistoric civilization."

Gu Tiansha's tone seemed to have a lot of magic. "In fact, you know why you obtained this battleship. This is also Gu Taxian's arrangement. Gu Taxian conferred you the title of Crown Prince in order to capture this battleship. After all, this battleship and the system fought against the Heavenly Dao. Although it failed, it has actually obtained some immortality.

Of course, after you obtained this battleship, you also carried the fate of this battleship, which is to fight against the Heavenly Dao and the Emperor Of Heaven. That way, when you and the Emperor Of Heaven fight to the death, it will be Gu Chensha who comes out to reap the fruits of the labor.

Therefore, Gu Taxian arranged for you to be the Crown Prince in order to make a wedding dress for Gu Chensha.

I'm sure you are very clear about this. Since he conferred you the title of Crown Prince, he has to give you authority. However, he gave the Emperor Of Heaven token to Lou Baiyue. Why? Have you thought about it? " "Damn it!"

Crown Prince Gu Tiansha clenched his fists. "So I was a sacrificial pawn. Everything was to help Gu Chensha. But what about you?

Speaking of which, we are still brothers. What's going on with your birth? Was it part of Gu Taxian's plan? " "My birth was an accident," Gu Tiansha said.

Gu Tiansha said, "The Heavenly Dao and Gu Trampling Celestial couldn't defeat each other, so they were secretly making arrangements. The Heavenly Dao gave birth to an incarnation, which was Celestial Emperor, while Gu Trampling Celestial was nurturing Gu Chensha.

As for me, I am the result of their entanglement, an existence that no one can control. Now that I have reached the Heaven Origin Stage, I know everything about the Heavenly Dao, and I also know everything about the Ancient Immortal Treading. Theoretically speaking, I am the strongest existence, because no one can control my fate.

"Of course, I also have a flaw, which is that I lost a tenth of my Origin, causing my Origin to be incomplete. It was taken away by Gu Chensha, so I was unable to cultivate to the highest level. Otherwise, I would be able to suppress you right now."

"Let's not talk about this. Let's work together to expand our strength. Individually, none of us can compare to the Emperor Of Heaven or Gu Chensha. But if we work together, can we kill any one of them?"

Crown Prince Gu Tiansha's eyes glittered with ferocity. His hatred for Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and the others had reached a boiling point.

"Don't do anything rash for now. It'll be difficult for us to work together. Unless you're willing to release some sort of warding magic and let me hack into the System of the One God and the battleship, I can take the Lord God, Lord Dawn, Lord Sovereign, Lord Spirit, Lord Rest, Lord Blaze, Lord Mi, Lord Mass, Lord Na, Lord Eon, and Lord Si.

Once you absorb the sealing marks of the twelve magisters, you'll feel a lot less pressure on you. You'll also have more control over the battleship and the systems of the One God. It'll be a win-win situation. Truth be told, you're not strong enough to take full control of the battleship and the systems. " Crown Prince Gu Tiansha burst out laughing. "Gu Tiansha, are you trying to bully me for being naive? How about we play a big game?

If you want to devour the twelve leaders, why don't we make a deal? I'll give you half of the system! Then you can help me refine the sun and moon! " 。 a