Chapter 1118
============

A Hundred Thousand Years

Liang Xindao was extremely cunning. He used some unknown method to attract all the systems into his body. Then, they started fighting, and in the end, both sides were injured.

After both sides suffered losses, these systems gathered together and began to brew a brand-new system.

"Supreme Refinement."

Runes began to appear on Liang Xindao's body. These runes began to wrap around the system, causing his cultivation base to soar.

His cultivation base was not high, but he had fused with all the will of the Mystic Ability Universe.

This Mystic Ability Universe was a super giant universe. The power of the universe's will was equivalent to a supreme Immortal Realm expert. Now that it was supporting Liang Xindao, he could temporarily use the power of a supreme Immortal Realm expert.

"To think, to think that the will of the mystic ability universe is completely taking care of you. Moreover, it is supporting you without holding anything back. Why is that?" That shattered supreme mystic ability system roared in disbelief.

"What's wrong with that? Or is it the karma and sin you planted? "

Liang Xindao roared, "You harmed the Mystic Ability Emperor, causing the Mystic Ability Universe to have no hope of ascending to the realm of a super boundless universe. The will of the universe hated you, and you still planned to devour the will of the universe. Xi Ruyi's plan was very good.

Unfortunately, the will of the universe had already calculated it. It secretly supported me and set up a trap for you to enter my body to kill you. At the last moment, the systems were like sharks that smelled blood. They came one by one. They could not resist the temptation of my fate energy, but they were still tricked by me. You systems are too stupid. But I can't blame you. After all, you are not humans. You do not have souls, so you do not have endless power. Therefore, it is normal for you to be tempted by my plan. Now, stop struggling. Take it all into my body. " Liang Xindao became stronger and stronger. He started to refine this Supreme Mystic Ability System.

Just as he was about to absorb the Supreme God Art System into his body, the Supreme God Art System suddenly let out a sinister laugh. "Liang Xindao, do you really think you've won?

"Now that I've reached this point, I have no choice but to tell you that your current state was caused by me. This is my tribulation, but in this tribulation, I can truly become a human." Buzz …

From within the body of the Supreme Mystic Skill System, something invisible and intangible appeared. This thing couldn't be described with words, nor could it be explained with logic. However, this thing instantly enveloped Liang Xindao's body, causing him to be unable to move.

"What's going on?

Universe Will, why are you able to suppress the Universe Will? "Liang Xindao discovered that all of his trump cards were controlled by the Supreme Sacred Ability System.

"Hahaha …" The Supreme Mystical Ability System laughed. "This is what you call beating me at my own game. You thought I fell for your trick, but in reality, I was also using you to send these systems into my body. You used the Will of the Universe to fuse me with those systems. This is helping me, helping me break through to the last level. Now, I can become a real person." Rumble! The Supreme God Ability System swept over and began to seep into Liang Xindao's body bit by bit. Liang Xindao could only look on helplessly, unable to come up with any solution.

In the end, this young man, who had boundless fate, supreme luck, luck, and fortune on his side, was devoured by the cunning Supreme Mystic Skill System just like that.

The moment he was devoured, the entire supermassive Universe and the Mystic Great Universe's Will seemed to tremble in fear of this Supreme Mystic Skill System.

The mass of system data finally condensed into a human form, turning into a young man. This young man was nine feet tall, and endless streams of data appeared above his head. However, these streams of data were all absorbed into his body and could no longer be seen. Then, waves of life aura continuously transformed from his body. He was overjoyed. "I've finally become a human. I have my own spirit power.

Hahaha, from now on, I'll be able to unleash boundless power. From a lump of data, I've become a real person. So it turns out that being a real person is so wonderful. In the past, even if I had great power, in reality, this power was born from fate. It's a power that I stole from others, it's not my own power. In the end, this power is just an illusion. Only my own spiritual power is the true source of eternity. Now that I've become a human, I should have a name. What should I be called?

In this world, the strongest person is Gu Chensha. There are also other powerful people, such as the New World's Will, Gu Xinjian, the Old World's Will, and Gu Taxian. Look at the fate, all of it belongs to the Gu family. It seems like I have to seize a portion of it. Alright, I'll call myself the Ancient Mystic Skill. "

This Supreme Mystic Skill System turned into a human and devoured the fate of the young man, Liang Xindao. He named himself the Ancient Mystic Skill. Then, his body shook and disappeared to devour the entire universe's will.

"It's over."

Gu Chensha also saw everything. This scene was different from Wang Dong's victory over the "Merit Comprehension Creation System". In the previous incident, Wang Dong had defeated the System. In this incident, however, it was the System's backlash that allowed him to defeat this youth called Liang Xindao in the final stage, thus turning him into a human.

"This data might be the first example of a System turning into a human. It's very meaningful to me."

Gu Chensha didn't interfere. Moreover, he fused the data of the System turning into a human into the module. The module of neither being nor immortality became much more abundant.

With a series of buzzing sounds, the module of neither being nor immortality lit up. It seemed like some attribute within had been activated and was about to come into contact with the true truth. This was the first time that the System had turned into a human.

This kind of metamorphosis was the most valuable. The System was the strongest data that was born from all kinds of fate. According to logic, although this data was powerful, it was also very flawed. If it wanted to become stronger, it could only find a host to parasitize and then issue missions to the host for the host to complete over and over again. By using the host to complete the missions, the System could obtain extremely powerful energy. Then, it would grow on its own and finally devour the host. The System was a parasite.

Now that the parasite had actually turned into a human, how did it give birth to a mind? How did endless power come about? This was a topic worth researching. This topic allowed Gu Chensha to gain a lot of experience.

"If this continues, my research on neither being nor immortality will probably be completed in advance." Gu Chensha was very happy. He left the Great Mystical Abilities Universe and headed to the next universe.

Every universe had one or more protagonists born. They would all obtain fortuitous encounters and compete with these fortuitous encounters. In the end, they would grow or fall.

For example, Wang Dong and Liang Xindao, who both had great fate, had different endings that were also worth researching and pondering. At every moment, such things were happening in the multiverse.

"The Old World's Will, the New World's Will, Gu Xinjian, Zhou Qin, and the rest of the six couldn't become humans. This Supreme Mystical Abilities System actually became humans and took the lead. Of course, those eight existences are much stronger than the Supreme Mystical Abilities System's ancient mystical abilities. It's also much more difficult for them to become humans than the Supreme Mystical Abilities System." Gu Chensha analyzed. However, these existences becoming humans was something that could be expected soon.

Next, the myriad worlds became even more chaotic. Heroes emerged in large numbers, and the world was chaotic. No one could guarantee that they could stand at the peak of the world. Even the Old World's Will, the New World's Will, and even the future protagonists couldn't guarantee that they wouldn't be killed by others. Just like that, time passed year by year. A hundred years, a thousand years. Ten thousand years! A hundred thousand years!

Gu Chensha continued to observe the changes of the multiverse. The birth and destruction of myriad worlds. Another 100,000 years passed. During these 100,000 years, even a Heavenly Longevity Realm expert would die due to their lifespan drying up.

This was because the lifespan set by Gu Chensha was no longer the same lifespan as the heavens and the earth. Instead, it was a hundred thousand years of lifespan. Even those who reached the Heavenly Dao Realm only had a lifespan of a hundred million years.

The Heavenly Venerable Realm had a lifespan of ten thousand years. The Heavenly Primordial Realm had a hundred thousand years, the Heavenly Realm had a million years, the Heavenly Dao had a hundred million years, and the Supreme Immortal Realm had a billion years. However, this rule could also be broken. For example, Lou Baiyue and the others who followed Gu Chensha had a lifespan of tens of billions of years. Zhuge Ya, the Martial Sage, Wen Hong, and the others had a lifespan that far exceeded the Supreme Immortal Realm Dharma Saint's by ten times, or even dozens of times. Other people could also increase their lifespan if they could obtain some treasures.

A hundred thousand years might seem like a long time, but in truth, it was just a few moments for Gu Chensha to study the data.

Countless amounts of data were collected into the 'Neither Nor Immortal Realm' module, which seemed to be able to advance to the Neither Nor Immortal Realm at any time. However, it was still lacking one last transformation.

Originally, Gu Chensha had hoped that someone would challenge him. Unfortunately, in the past hundred thousand years, experts had appeared in large numbers in the multiverse. Countless tyrannical characters had emerged one after another, and Supreme Immortal Realm experts had sprung up like bamboo shoots after a spring rain. Even Zhou Qin and the other five had their own bodies and could transform into humans. However, none of them dared to challenge him.

Originally, Gu Chensha had thought that the six future protagonists would challenge him. Unfortunately, they had held themselves back, as if they were carrying out some secret plan. As for the others, there was no need to even mention them.

"Fate!"

Gu Chensha opened his eyes. In his opinion, although a hundred thousand years had passed in the multiverse, to him, it was actually the matter of a single breath.

With a wave of his hand, many stars appeared. These stars represented Supreme Immortal Realm experts, and there were actually over a hundred of them.

In other words, in the past hundred thousand years, over a hundred Supreme Immortal Realm experts had been born.