Chapter 579
===========

"The Black Dragon Great Sage's Crystal Dragon Palace is actually a Minor Chiliocosm. However, it is far inferior to the World Burying Coffin, the Dharma Realms, and even the Martial Sage's Paradise. Furthermore, this Minor Chiliocosm is withering. Although it is absorbing the Soul Returning Qi from the Earth Vein, it cannot be maintained because the Black Dragon Great Sage has fallen. There is no one to manage it." Gu Chensha had already noticed many things.

If a Minor Chiliocosm was not managed by a deity, it would wither very quickly. It was like a plucked flower. The speed at which it withered was visible to the naked eye. The Minor Chiliocosm was slightly better.

The Black Dragon Great Sage had made all sorts of arrangements, but he still could not avoid his eventual decline. Unless he was a human, established a clan, or had faith.

Then, he might be resurrected by having the people of his clan perform sacrifices. Take the Dharma Saint for example. The clan had been working hard for many years. The arrangements of the thirteen Deities finally allowed the Dharma Saint to resurrect when the world changed and the Heavenly Dao became chaotic.

Gu Chensha observed for a while and felt that although the Black Dragon Great Sage had made arrangements, his arrangements could not compare to the Dharma Saint or the Martial Sage.

Humans were indeed the wisest of all creatures. Even the Demonic Sage's insight into worldly affairs could not compare to the human Sages.

Now that the Martial Emperor had lost his Minor World and the Primeval Dragon Sect's talisman, he wanted the Crystal Dragon Palace to make up for his losses.

Of course, in Gu Chensha's opinion, the Primeval Dragon Sect's talisman was even more valuable than the Crystal Dragon Palace. After all, with this talisman, the Immortal Tranquility Department could transform the attacks of the Demonic Calamities and remain invincible. As for the Crystal Dragon Palace, it would be destroyed in an instant.

"It looks like the Martial Emperor has not truly discovered the secrets of the Crystal Dragon Palace. He also did not obtain any of the treasures in the palace. This palace has many restrictive spells and layers of traps. Even if I use the sphere to devour the treasures, I will not be able to do it in one or two days."

Gu Chensha started to observe the deepest parts of the Crystal Dragon Palace. Although he was anxious to capture the Martial Emperor, he was also afraid that something would happen to the Crystal Dragon Palace, causing him to fail. It would be best to capture the Martial Emperor when he wanted to obtain the Crystal Dragon Palace.

Sure enough, while Gu Chensha was lurking, the Martial Emperor seemed to know some of the secrets of the Crystal Dragon Palace. Thus, he kept roaming around and observing the surroundings. It seemed like he was trying to break some kind of formation.

"Open!"

All of a sudden, the Martial Emperor seemed to have found the key to breaking the array. He suddenly circulated a tyrannical World Energy and began to tear apart the array inside the Crystal Dragon Palace. Rumble! Immediately, the Crystal Palace began their counterattack. Layers of waves swept over, wanting to seal and kill the Martial Emperor.

Emperor Wu laughed coldly. "Black Dragon Saint, when you were alive, you weren't as powerful as I was at my peak. Although I haven't fully recovered, you're dead. Do you really think you can stop my invasion with your puny tricks?

I have already comprehended the Divergent, and my usage of magic power has far surpassed that of before.

Quickly let go of the Crystal Dragon Palace and let me in. Otherwise, as time passes, your Crystal Dragon Palace will wither and eventually disappear. After I enter it, I might be able to help you recover. "

Layers of light and strands of divine light collided. Gu Chensha secretly circulated the power of the Desolate Era's Dragon Gate talisman. He absorbed and disintegrated the remnant waves and channeled them into the Shattering Ten Thousand Elephants Cudgel.

The Shattering Ten Thousand Elephants Cudgel needed the replenishment of World Energy to repair some of the damage. When the Titan God died, the cudgel suffered great damage.

"Dragon Slaying!"

The Martial Emperor suddenly used his trump card. His body turned into a Dragon Slaying Saber and slashed down violently.

Immediately, the array inside the Crystal Dragon Palace was torn apart. Many magnificent palaces and huge crystal pillars appeared. Each of these crystal pillars was dozens of meters thick and thousands of meters tall. They supported the transformation of the Crystal Dragon Palace.

The Crystal Dragon Palace was made entirely of transparent crystal. However, Gu Chensha knew that the Black Dragon Great Sage had used the power of the world and all sorts of precious materials to transform it into a dragon crystal. Who knew how many years it had taken him to finally refine such a Minor Chiliocosm Palace.

"The Martial Emperor's methods are really powerful. He hid himself really well. He actually escaped that day. If he didn't escape, he might still have a chance to fight.

As expected of someone who was once an Emperor. Luckily, I have dealt with him many times and lied to him many times. I have long since figured out his background. "Gu Chensha followed the Martial Emperor into the Crystal Dragon Palace. Kacha kacha …

The moment the Martial Emperor entered, a storm surged around him. He was trapped in the depths of a formation.

As the spell formation transformed, images of the Primeval Wastelands appeared, including countless enormous mountain ranges, primeval godly beasts, and an ancient Primeval aura.

"Dao Realm 35 Changes, Desolate Dust!"

The Martial Sovereign roared, "What a great transformation! I didn't think that you, the Black Dragon Great Sage, would still leave behind so many formations even though you're dead. Unfortunately, I've already become an Anomaly. The magical power of the thirty-five transformations may be strong, but it can't trap me!"

The Dao Realm 35 Changes was called Desolate Dust. Legend had it that with the flick of a finger, one could turn a land of dust into a desolate universe. It was just a thin line away from Embodiment Transformation.

The Martial Emperor charged in and instantly saw a desolate world. It gave birth to many things and trapped him within. He knew that this was the same as facing the attack of a 35 Changes expert. He immediately used the changes in his body. He shrunk into a ball and then exploded!

Instantly, a destructive wave ripped apart this desolate world. The scenes in front of him returned to normal and he was still in the Crystal Dragon Palace.

"If it's a living Primordial Chaos expert of the 35 Changes of the Minute, I would definitely not be a match for him. However, it's just a strand of his power. Do you think you can trap me?" Although that was what the Martial Emperor said, he still took a few steps back.

That was because he saw dense dust floating in front of him. Each speck of dust actually had the power of a Desolate Dust.

Just now, he had faced a speck of dust and was pulled into the desolate world. Although he had used a strong technique to rip it out, he had used up a lot of his strength.

There was so much dust in front of him. If he ripped them one by one, he would probably die of exhaustion. He had to avoid the dust.

"This Crystal Dragon Palace isn't easy to deal with. Monster Saint does have some skills. We can merge with the World Buried Coffin because the coffin itself can be summoned. Jiang Gongwang was given to Zhuge Ya, so as long as he is summoned, he will merge with it.

If other people try to snatch the World Buried Coffin, they will probably be shocked to death. They will be sucked in and become nourishment for the World Buried Coffin. "Gu Chensha knew that the strength of the World Buried Coffin was far above that of the Crystal Dragon Palace.

The Martial Emperor had used up a lot of his strength. He was ready to find an opportunity to capture the Martial Emperor.

The Martial Emperor didn't notice that Gu Chensha was following him. At this moment, Gu Chensha wasn't someone he could detect. Every time Gu Chensha increased his cultivation level, the Heavenly Law Technique's profoundness would increase.

Even if he didn't swallow the Desolate Dragon Gate's talisman, the Martial Emperor wouldn't be able to detect him.

"Myriad World Ethereal Green Smoke!"

All of a sudden, the Martial Emperor's body kept changing. He turned into a green smoke and floated in the air. It was unknown what kind of power he used, but the dust particles were all pushed away. Surprisingly, they weren't triggered.

At this moment, the Martial Emperor passed through layers of obstacles and reached the deepest part of the Crystal Dragon Palace. He landed in a huge hall.

There was a throne in the depths of the hall. The throne was dark gold in color. An old man sat on the throne. This old man was also wearing dark gold clothes. He was full of domineering aura, but he didn't have any aura. The Black Dragon Great Sage's remains.

The green smoke that the Martial Emperor had turned into gathered again and turned into a human. However, his face was pale and his footsteps were weak. He had used up too much power.

"This Myriad World Ethereal Green Smoke can indeed pass through any forbidden art. It has the supreme transformation of Yin and Yang."

The Martial Emperor looked at the Black Dragon Great Sage's remains. He was in no hurry to do anything. Instead, he wanted to recover his strength. "I learned this technique from a great existence trapped in the Primordial Dragon Gate. That existence wanted me to save him and taught me this technique. But how could I save such a terrifying existence?"

The Martial Emperor didn't seem to use this technique very often. Even after using it, he still felt lingering fear.

"This technique …" Gu Chensha found that this technique was incredible. It even surpassed many of the three Heavenly Sovereigns' ultimate techniques. It had a bit of the Xing Qiong Clan's Divine Prefecture Great Technique's 100th level.

"Could there be an existence as powerful as the Xing Qiong Clan in this world?"

Gu Chensha frowned. "But let's not worry about that for now. The Martial Emperor has used up too much power to use this technique. It's a great opportunity to suppress him!"

After waiting for so long, Gu Chensha finally grasped the opportunity. He moved fiercely. World Energy surged out of his body and gathered into tentacles. With a flash, the tentacles sealed off the Martial Emperor's surroundings tightly. Then, the rainbow-colored tentacles firmly tied the Martial Emperor up. Many of the tentacles took root in the Martial Emperor's body and started to absorb his Essence Qi.

"Who!?" The Martial Emperor roared. He had never thought that he would be ambushed here.

"It's me, Wudang Xing."

At this moment, Gu Chensha walked out. He was still deceiving the Martial Emperor. He had transformed into Wudang Xing's body and had a treacherous smile on his face. "Martial Emperor, it's better if you surrender obediently and give everything to Lady Wudang Kong. Maybe you can keep your memories and live as an ordinary person." "Wudang Xing! How dare you do this to me!? "

The Martial Emperor used his transformation technique again and again. Unfortunately, it was useless. Gu Chensha's rainbow-colored tentacles were a derivative of the Wish Tree. "No, you are not Wudang Xing. I was tricked by you. You are Gu Chensha!

The one who attacked me was not Wu Dangkong, but the Tranquil Immortal Department. You took away my Primeval Dragon Gate's talisman. Wu Dangkong does not have this ability. Only you, who cultivated the Heavenly Dao Technique, have this ability to trick me. I hate you! "