Chapter 137
===========

， I'll provide you with some interesting reading. XsHuoTXt

"In the second year of the Heavenly Talisman, Elder Wang Ji of the Crimson Firmament Profound Sect, in order to find a successor, stole dozens of children from among the commoners and brought them back to the sect. The parents of those families were deeply grieved, and five of them died of grief. It was difficult for them to have a son, but in the span of a single night, the son disappeared.

The Iron Blood Marquis announced the first crime. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor waved his hand and looked down. "Which one of you is a disciple of the Crimson Sky Sect?" "I'm a direct disciple of the sect, Xiao Wujin."

A young man stood up. He wasn't afraid and his eyes were full of disdain. "It's common for immortals to accept disciples among the people. The children of the common people were chosen by the immortals because of countless generations of good karma and virtue. They couldn't be happier. Why would they be heartbroken? "

"As far as I know, among the babies that Wang Ji stole, some of them were used to plant flowers, raise grass, and clean for him. Some of them were used to raise wild beasts. A few of them were taught, but they died in the battle between the sects. Only one or two of them survived. What do you mean? "

The Iron Blood Marquis asked. "Also, if Wang Ji wanted to accept disciples, why didn't he just go to the parents and ask for their permission?"

Xiao Wujin sneered. "The path of cultivation is always bumpy. If you want to become an immortal, you have to be fearless of death.

People die on the battlefield every second. It's useless to go to the parents. Those mortals don't understand the benefits of the immortal dao. It's just a waste of time. " All the disciples present agreed with Xiao Wujin's words.

When any immortal dao sect went down the mountain to recruit disciples, they would immediately sweep away those with good aptitude. It was impossible for them to ask their parents for a disciple.

Children were their parents' flesh and blood. If someone came out of nowhere and wanted to take them away, the parents would definitely treat them as a liar and beat them up. If the immortal dao was like this, then there was no way to accept disciples.

"According to the laws of Great Eternity, if someone wants to take a child away, they first need the parents' permission and second, they need to file with the authorities. Otherwise, it's kidnapping. Even the parents can't treat them as private property. "

The Iron Blood Marquis said, "The laws of Great Eternity state that kidnapping and selling children is a heinous crime. Regardless of age or gender, they'll be executed." "What do you mean?

Does the Imperial Court want to execute us immortal dao sects? "Xiao Wujin crossed his arms, not afraid at all. In the eyes of many officials of the imperial court, his attitude was treasonous. Losing decorum in front of the emperor was also a serious crime.

"How dare you!"

An official from the Ministry of Rites stepped forward. "Xiao Wujin, you've lost your composure in front of the Emperor. Kneel down and apologize." "Done."

The Celestial Talisman Immortal Monarch waved his hand dismissively. "Today, I invited all the disciples of the immortal dao sects to a banquet. There's no need to fight and kill. I just wanted to make things clear to all of you. Some sects have gone too far in their actions, and I have no choice but to punish them."

"Currently, Elder Wang Ji is in the depths of the sect, cultivating our Crimson Firmament Sect's supreme profound technique, the Crimson Firmament Divine Scripture, in seclusion. How will Your Majesty punish him? "

Xiao Wujin was still hugging his arms and looking around, as if he was mocking the other disciples for not daring to stand out.

"The imperial court invited us here to attend a banquet.

We've long heard of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's power, we came here to witness his glory, not to listen to his teachings. The elders of our sects will teach us how to do things.

There's no need for the imperial court to worry. Even in the ancient times, when the ancient emperors received the recognition of the heavenly dao and held the decree, they had to recognize the immortal dao sects. Their disciples weren't restricted by the imperial court. " (This chapter isn't finished.) An immortal dao disciple stood up.

"Who are you?" the Iron Blood Marquis asked.

"Nine Swords Mystical Gate's direct disciple, Jian Chengkong."

This youth's body was like a sharp sword. When he sat, it was hidden in the scabbard. When he stood up, it pierced the sky.

Gu Chensha sat quietly at the side. Only now did he realize that there was always someone better than him. He definitely wasn't a match for any one of them. In his eyes, Xiao Wujin and Jian Chengkong's strength was unbelievably strong.

Any one of them had an overwhelming advantage in front of him. He even suspected that he, Yi Ming, and all the experts in his fiefdom wouldn't be a match for them.

"These disciples are really strong," Gu Chensha whispered to Lou Baiyue.

"Of course. Sects with tens of thousands of years of history aren't child's play.

The disciples who came this time are also the best of their sect. They're here to test the imperial court. "

Lou Baiyue looked at these disciples with a teasing gaze. "This time, the emperor wants them to be respectful and to obey the imperial court's laws." "Will these people obey the imperial court's laws?"

Gu Chensha didn't believe it. "The immortal dao hasn't had this habit since ancient times. Even the ancient emperors had to be polite to them." "Let's watch." Lou Baiyue didn't say anything else. She just watched quietly.

"What the ancient emperors couldn't do doesn't mean I can't. After tens of thousands of years, the rules should change. "

Celestial Talisman Emperor said, "I want to change the rules of heaven and earth so that everything can be followed. The immortal dao is no exception.

Xiao Wujin, do you think the imperial court won't be able to catch Wangji because he cultivates the Crimson Firmament Divine Scripture? "

"Then please send someone to the Crimson Firmament Sect and wait for the elder to come out of seclusion." Xiao Wujin wasn't afraid.

"That's simple." Celestial Talisman Emperor raised his hand and swiped in the air.

In an instant, the void cracked open, and towering mountains appeared in the depths. Above the mountains, in the clouds, stood a huge palace.

The palace spanned thousands of miles and was surrounded by countless rays of light and runes. The light formed golden chains that locked the void.

Looking closely, there were many primordial beasts living outside the palace for the immortals to control. This palace was majestic and didn't belong to the mortal world.

"Crimson Firmament Mystic Sect's Crimson Firmament Palace." Some disciples recognized it.

The sacred land of the immortal dao, the orthodox mystic sect. Invulnerable to all demons, it had existed for tens of thousands of years. Since ancient times, the Crimson Firmament Mystic Sect had produced countless immortals. Celestial Talisman Emperor stretched out his hand.

Everyone saw a domineering palm expand. In a few breaths' time, it covered the majestic Crimson Firmament Palace. This was Celestial Talisman Emperor's hand. His hand covered even the sky. The Crimson Firmament Palace seemed to be suppressed. Billions of immortal light shot out. But with a slight wave of the hand, the immortal light was extinguished.

Then, countless people rushed out of the palace, using their magic treasures and all sorts of arts to attack the hand. It was almost a reenactment of the war between the immortals and demons. The hand waved again and the immortals fell like rain. Nothing could harm the hand at all. It was an instant. (This chapter isn't finished. Please turn the page.)

Suddenly, the Crimson Firmament Gate of the seventy-two ancient profound gates was completely destroyed by the hand and a person was dragged out from its depths. Celestial Talisman Emperor retracted his hand and the crack in the void disappeared. He casually tossed the person down the hall. Instantly, a Daoist rolled down from the sky.

This daoist was shrouded in scarlet energy. His eyebrows were like swords and his eyes were sharp. He exuded a domineering aura. Who knew how many battles he'd gone through to develop such an aura?

"Elder Wangji."

Xiao Wujin immediately recognized him. This was one of the strongest elders in the sect. Celestial Talisman Emperor actually dragged him out from the depths of the mountain gate.

One must know that the mountain gate of the seventy-two ancient profound immortal sects had been tempered for countless years. Even the heavenly demons and evil gods couldn't do anything to it. Otherwise, it would've been annihilated long ago. But now, no one could stop a casual grab from Celestial Talisman Emperor.

The entire mountain gate had tens of thousands of years of immortal dao heritage. Even the immortals in the legends couldn't stop a single hand.

"Iron Blood Marquis." Celestial Talisman Emperor ordered.

"Here." Iron Blood Marquis stepped forward.

"Elder Wangji of the Crimson Firmament Gate kidnapped a child and broke the law. According to the law, he should be executed by a thousand cuts.

But on account of the fact that he's an immortal dao sect and has many achievements in killing demons, he will be exempted from the death penalty. "

Celestial Talisman Emperor ordered, "Order him to open mountains, build roads, save people, mine and smelt iron for three years before he's allowed to be released." "Yes!"

Iron Blood Marquis said to Elder Wangji, "Wangji, this is His Majesty's mercy. He's letting you do good deeds among the people to make up for your past mistakes. What do you think?" "Celestial Talisman, you'll be punished by the heavens for your actions. You won't last long.

You've insulted the immortal dao and are worse than demons. Let's see how long you can be arrogant for. "Elder Wangji cursed.

"Take him away."

Celestial Talisman Emperor didn't care. "The immortal dao is also about accumulating good deeds. I told you to do more good deeds for the people but you're still dissatisfied. How stubborn."

At this time, two soldiers came in with chains. They wrapped them around Elder Wangji's neck and pulled him down.

The immortal dao disciples were silent. Some of them retracted their killing intent. Xiao Wujin and Jian Chengkong looked at each other helplessly.

They weren't afraid at first but Celestial Talisman Emperor was too strong. Even if they hid in the mountain gate, they couldn't escape the law.

When the power of the Imperial Court shattered their backing, they felt as if all their courage had disappeared.

"Iron Blood Marquis, continue." Celestial Talisman Emperor waved his hand again.

Iron Blood Marquis listed out all the immortal dao disciples' wrongdoings in these years. The evidence was conclusive.

The immortal dao disciples looked at each other. They didn't expect the imperial court to investigate so thoroughly. After a full four hours, he finally finished.

"Everyone heard it."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor listened quietly, "Everyone involved here, surrender yourselves to the yamen within half a year, and you will receive a lighter punishment. If you don't surrender yourselves after half a year, don't blame me or the Imperial Court.

You can inform the culprits in the sect. Although Xiang Wangji cursed me, as long as he does good deeds for the people, I won't punish him. " (End of Chapter) .50z.