Chapter 189
===========

Peng peng peng! In just a few breaths, Gu Chensha and Lei Wusha had clashed hundreds of times.

They didn't use any tricks and just fought head-on to see who was the strongest, whose Xiantian Earth Energy was the longest and toughest, and whose body was the sturdiest. In terms of body toughness, Lightning Beasts far exceeded humans of the same realm.

But Gu Chensha's body was the Sun and Moon Dragon Body, so Lightning Beasts couldn't gain any advantage in front of him. The key was that the Dragon Gate in his body could absorb all the damage from Xiantian Earth Energy and turn it into Dragon Energy. This made him immune to Lightning Beasts' killing moves. Moreover, Lightning Beasts couldn't dissolve his Sun and Moon Slaughter and Clumsy Fist.

Sun and Moon Slaughter was a simple move before Dao Realm Six Transformations. But once one cultivated Xiantian Earth Energy, it would be totally different. Xiantian Earth Energy would be used through Sun and Moon Slaughter, and its killing power would start to show.

Yin and Yang intersected, Sun and Moon Slaughter, and the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy worked together. How could demons and ghosts block it? There was another loud explosion as the two experts separated.

Lei Wusha's body was covered in injuries and his aura was weak. Gu Chensha held his sword and floated in the air. The Demon Descending Blade shone brightly like an undefeatable god of war.

Lei Wusha's giant eyes stared right at Gu Chensha. He activated the Earth Energy on his body once more and glided backwards. He was actually trying to escape.

"You want to leave?"

Gu Chensha was expressionless. He pounced forwards and chased. Lei Wusha's speed actually couldn't compare to his.

He was already a genius and had cultivated Xiantian Earth Energy. Although he hadn't merged all his techniques, he had slowly comprehended them. The Ten Thousand Mile Flying Cloud Escape that Lou Baiyue had taught him was circulating in his body. The Xiantian Earth Energy and King Dragon Armor merged and his speed increased. He was like a rainbow shooting through the sun as he charged right in front of Lei Wusha. The sword slashed and the earth energy broke.

Lei Wusha was astonished to the extreme, and he raised his enormous claw once more, condensing all his astral energy into a single point as he executed Demon Annihilation of the World once more.

This time, Gu Chensha didn't dodge. Instead, he met force with force and forcefully allowed the "Demon Exterminating the World" to strike his body. After that, the Demon Subduing Blade cut through the top of Lei Wusha's head and sent the Sun and Moon Annihilation activated by the Sun and Moon Dragon's Handle into his body. Rumble!

Lei Wusha's head exploded, and a human figure flew out. The massive Xiantian astral energy in his body started to go berserk. But at this moment, Gu Chensha drew a circle, and the huge whirlpool sucked and sucked. Buzz … All of Lei Wusha's Innate Stellar Energy and the humanoid Yuan Shen were absorbed. Then, its huge body was pushed into some kind of spatial crack and disappeared.

When Gu Chensha drew a circle, he executed the God-Devouring Art of the Great Massacre God Art. He had learned this art from Lou Baiyue, but he had never been able to comprehend it.

But after he became a genius, he had a slight comprehension of this technique. He suddenly used it and killed Lei Wusha in one strike. The famous Lightning Beast King Lei Wusha was killed just like that. Even his Soul Energy was sucked into the depths of the Dragon Gate.

Although Dao Realm Transformation 14 experts could leave the body, the soul didn't have much attack ability and was really weak. It was even afraid of astral winds and all sorts of changes in the magnetic field.

Only when one reached the 15th transformation would one's Heaven Eye be able to float in the air. Then, one's soul would be extremely condensed and one would be able to use the power of gods to attack.

The moment Lei Wusha's soul and Xiantian astral energy were sucked into the Dragon Gate, they were scattered by the vast Xiantian astral energy and turned into Dragon Energy. The Dragon Energy then formed a Dragon Pellet. This Dragon Pellet was enough to turn two normal people into geniuses. It far exceeded the Tiger Wolf Pellet. However, the Dragon Elixir was no longer useful to Gu Chensha. He was already a genius.

He had gained a lot this time. A Dragon Pellet that could raise two stupid people to geniuses as well as a Dao Realm Transformation 14 Lightning Beast corpse. This Lightning Beast corpse was extraordinary and its flesh and bones were all top grade herbs. It was far better than all sorts of treasures.

Normal Lightning Beasts weren't simple and the Dao Realm Transformation Glass Jade Body Lightning Beast was a true treasure. One drop of blood contained lightning power and it could be used to craft many treasures. Much less a Dao Realm Transformation 14 Lightning Beast.

Who knew how many times this Lightning Beast's body had been cultivated and nurtured by spiritual energy? Its flesh and blood were the purest spiritual energy essence and along with the lightning essence, Gu Chensha obtained such a huge beast. Its value was immeasurable.

Moreover, he learned how to refine treasures from Bao Ming 'er and knew the value of these corpses. He also knew how to refine them to the maximum benefit.

"The Dao Realm Transformation 14 Lightning Beast King Lei Wusha was killed just like that?"

Luo Wu and the others looked at one another and knew the pros and cons, "Even if we work together, it will be tough to kill Lei Wusha. Even if we do, we will drag one or two of us down with us." "How did his cultivation become so high?"

Mu Yexiao had been stationed at Gu Chensha's land for a while and knew about Gu Chensha's cultivation.

Now, it seemed like although his cultivation was far below theirs, his combat strength was far above theirs.

Moreover, Gu Chensha wasn't afraid of Xiantian Energy and he wasn't afraid of soul snatching. Mental attacks were useless against him and that was the terrifying part.

Actually, a Dao Realm Transformation 6 Expert couldn't fight against a Transformation 14 Expert. As long as he sucked in a little and used Ghost Swallowing Technique, his soul would be snatched away.

Just now, Lightning Beast King Lei Wusha's roar shook Lou Baiyue and The Fourth but it was useless against Gu Chensha.

In truth, even Gu Chensha didn't think that after the Heaven Ritual Decree merged into his mind, no one would be able to snatch away his soul.

In the blink of an eye, the three Barbarian Kings and the Monster Race Lightning Beast King all died. They were all killed by Gu Chensha alone. The time he needed was just dozens of breaths.

At that moment, Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, Luluha, Li Wangsheng, and Yuan Shasheng's battle was in full swing. Gu Chensha hollered and sent out a signal.

Lou Baiyue and The Fourth rode the Ten Thousand Mile Flying Cloud Flag and instantly met up with him. At that moment, Li Wangsheng and the others stopped chasing and faced the three of them once more.

"Congratulations, you have finally broken through to Dao Realm Transformation Six."

Lou Baiyue observed Gu Chensha's changes, "With this breakthrough, all the treasures on your body have transformed and you are actually able to kill Lightning Beast King Lei Wusha.

Such results are really rare. Even a top genius wouldn't be able to challenge a Transformation 14 Expert at Dao Realm Transformation Six. The gap is just too huge. " "19th Brother, is the treasure in your body the Dragon Transformation Tower? The tower is really exquisite and far exceeds normal treasures.

It was made by the Dragon Sect. One must know that the legendary Dragon Sect was a treasure similar to the Heaven Worship Talisman. "The Fourth saw through it.

"Yes, I have refined this tower for many days and it is really amazing. If not for its ability, I wouldn't have been able to deal with the Lightning Beast King with my own strength."

Gu Chensha circled around with a calm expression. Although many experts were staring at him aggressively, he didn't fear anything at all.

"You have accumulated a lot of strength but you are still at Dao Realm Transformation Six. You aren't really good at using Xiantian Earth Energy and you aren't able to reach Dao Realm Transformation Seven. Your strength is lacking."

Lou Baiyue said, "I've also gained something from this battle. Once this is over, you and I should cultivate well and improve further. We are in troubled times now, we need to improve our cultivation level as fast as possible. We can't afford to make mistakes."

Gu Chensha knew that if he and Lou Baiyue worked together to cultivate, their Xiantian Earth Energy would circulate in each other's bodies and they would improve by leaps and bounds.

But at such a level, both of them wouldn't have any secrets and they would be even closer than a couple.

Previously, when he was at the Sun Moon Altar with Lou Baiyue, their blood had circulated in their bodies. Lou Baiyue had also used the Sun Moon Dragon Blood and the Great Massacre God Art to fuse together. His cultivation had advanced by leaps and bounds, and even his aptitude had improved. Something in his body had awakened, and now, he was already an unparalleled genius.

Gu Chensha also obtained many benefits. He used Lou Baiyue's God Slaughtering Flame to purify the Sun Moon Dragon Blood and refine his body. If not, his cultivation wouldn't have reached such a realm.

Now that he had successfully cultivated the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy, if he were to cultivate it with Lou Baiyue, who knew what kind of earth-shattering changes would occur when their energies intertwined.

"Congratulations, Nineteenth Brother. It seems that under Father's matchmaking, you and Baiyue's wedding is near." The Fourth saw some clues.

"Fourth Brother, you are making fun of me." Gu Chensha looked at Lou Baiyue.

Lou Baiyue was expressionless and changed the topic. "We must benefit from this trip to Buzhou Palace. But this is just the appetizer. There are more powerful people who haven't appeared yet."

"Yuan Shasheng, Li Wangsheng, and this Luluha are already top figures. They are comparable to some of the Great Elders of the Immortal Dao Sects. If there are more top figures, they will be some old antiques who don't show themselves."

The Fourth said casually. "But now that Old Nineteen has increased his strength, we might not lose to those old fellows if we work together. Baiyue, you still have some treasures and techniques that you haven't used. Why don't we go all out and kill these three people in front of us?"

Lou Baiyue indeed hadn't used any powerful treasures, such as the Vast Thousand Mirror and the Profound Vast Dragon Ship. She had held back because she was afraid that other experts would sneak up on her.

It should be known that the appearance of Buzhou Palace was like blood attracting sharks in the sea. Who knew how many experts would come. If they fought and both sides were injured, and others took advantage of them, it would not be worth it.

"Guhuasha, aren't you being a little too arrogant?"

At this time, Yuan Shasheng said, "I know that you have hidden yourself well and have many tricks up your sleeves. I also know your background, but if you want to kill me, I'm afraid you can't do it."

He looked at Gu Chensha and said, "You little thief, you actually barged into my divine temple and stole the Heavenly Demonic Relic, the Seven Saints Heart Refining Pill, the Black Tortoise egg, and even the Dragon Transformation Tower. You basically wiped out everything in one go. If you didn't steal the Dragon Transformation Tower, you wouldn't have the ability to do this today." "Yuan Shasheng, what can you do to me?" Gu Chensha pointed with the Demon Subduing Blade.