Chapter 272
===========

"What do you mean?"

Lou Baiyue also knew that Zhuge Ya's current cultivation was relatively weak. However, as long as he cultivated in the Calming Immortal Department, he would definitely advance by leaps and bounds. Furthermore, Zhuge Ya's wisdom was profound. He could calculate the mysteries of heaven and predict fortune and misfortune. No one present could compare to him.

"Everyone has their own style. If they encounter a major change, their style will change."

Zhuge Ya closed the documents, his eyes flashing with wisdom: "Although I live in seclusion, I still care about the affairs of the world and have studied the imperial court. Originally, the Wu Clan presiding over the imperial court was something only a muddle-headed emperor would do. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor surpassed all the emperors and sons of heaven since ancient times. There must be a deeper meaning in doing this. The Wu Clan is indeed carrying some sort of heavenly mandate."

"We have also guessed this. Please analyze it in detail." The Fourth wanted to hear Zhuge Ya's analysis.

"I know a little about the Scenic Martial Commerce. Their style of doing things is more meticulous. However, these reports are much more magnanimous. They even started to give out loans on a large scale. They don't care about bad debts. Apart from that, there are many businesses that don't care about profits and only care about making friends. This kind of method doesn't match with Wu Dangkong."

Zhuge Ya said: "There are many clues. If my guess is correct, then Wu Dangkong obtained a large amount of treasures. Furthermore, these treasures are even more valuable than the treasures of Bu Zhou Palace. That's why he could squander them like this. Otherwise, it means that her strength has increased by a large margin. "

"Could it be …" Suddenly, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue looked at each other. They both felt that there was some kind of bad omen.

"However, I can't be sure that I can deduce many things just based on this. We need to observe for a long time. "

Zhuge Ya said: "I fused the Seven Star Profound Meaning into my body. Not only did my strength increase greatly, but I also obtained supreme wisdom. Do you have any good countermeasures?" "Go to my fief."

Gu Chensha thought for a moment. "My fief is guarded by the Black Tortoise. After years of operation, the Black Tortoise Lair is impregnable. We will guard it for you. Even if those old monsters attack, we can resist." "There's no time. Once the banquet is over, the three of us will stand guard for you."

Lou Baiyue said. "Once you become the true Lord of Seven Stars, our Calming Immortal Bureau will have a natural saint." "I'll leave this matter to the three Division Heads." Zhuge Ya bowed.

During the banquet, Jin Suibo was most interested in Zhuge Ya. He asked many questions, and Zhuge Ya answered all of them calmly.

He even offered some opinions regarding the Immortal Dao. Jin Suibo nodded repeatedly. He knew that this man really lived up to his reputation as the Lord of Seven Stars.

After the banquet, Lou Baiyue said to Gu Chensha, "Chensha, bring Mister Zhuge to his fief first. I'll give some instructions to the Tranquil Immortal Bureau. I'll be right back." "That's fine."

Gu Chensha unfurled the Dragon Gate, wrapped around Zhuge Ya, and then vanished. This level of skill was completely unimaginable.

"Suibo, what do you think of Zhuge Ya?" Lou Baiyue asked Jin Suibo. "Does he have any flaws? Is he the Lord of Seven Stars? Is he truly loyal to our Calming Immortal Bureau, or is he plotting something else?

For someone like him to join our Calming Immortal Bureau, even if we're blessed with karmic luck, we can't rest easy. "

Jin Suibo now held great authority in contacting the immortal dao. He also organized a large group of immortal dao troops, with him as the center, communicating with each other. Hundreds of second and third rate sects gathered together, it was also an extremely terrifying force.

Lou Baiyue was also keeping an eye on him. She could tell that he had no ulterior motives and was truly working for the Calming Immortal Bureau. Gradually, she began to rely on him. She couldn't let him down.

"The Lord of Seven Stars is no small matter. She's a natural-born saint like Fa Wuxian. Someone like her can only be found by chance. Prince Chen searched the Langzhou for half a year without any results, only to run into this person in the wilderness. Clearly, this person came looking for him."

Jin Suibo was a wise man with vast experience. "That's something worth considering. Based on this person's standpoint, it's true that he can only join our Calming Immortal Bureau in order to reap the greatest benefits. If he joins another profound sect and runs into someone with ulterior motives, he might not even be able to keep his life.

Add to that the fact that he needs the protection of a faction to avoid calamity, and all signs point to the fact that he's walking the right path. Just now, during the banquet, I casually asked him about a few things, and he gave me a watertight answer. But it's precisely because things are going so smoothly that I'm starting to get suspicious. "

"I also think things are going too smoothly." The Fourth frowned. "Picking up a natural-born saint on the road and joining him seems like child's play. Nineteenth Brother is meticulous and has a plan. " "Chensha is a good match," said Lou Baiyue.

Lou Baiyue said, "He did it with an open heart and behavior. Let's think about whether we can tolerate it or not. If we meet someone like Zhuge Ya, we have to trust him wholeheartedly in order to recruit him. If we are on guard and overly suspicious, it will only lead to the disappointment of those who are ambitious."

"Even so, for the sake of the safety of the Calming Immortal Bureau and the common people, we have to be on our guard."

The Fourth thought of a few things in history. Because the ruler was overly suspicious, it led to disloyalty and dissension. Now it seemed that being a ruler was truly difficult. You had to be on guard against others, but you also couldn't let people be bitterly disappointed. The measure of propriety needed to be meticulous.

"Right now, Zhuge Ya has expressed his allegiance to us," said Jin Suibo. "Even if it's fake, we can't let him be bitterly disappointed. We can't push this person to the opposite side of us. " "Open and aboveboard, with the air of a ruler."

Lou Baiyue nodded. "Chensha's way of doing things is correct. If our Calming Immortal Bureau wants to do something big, we can accommodate natural-born saints. Of course, it's necessary to be on guard.

If such a person grows up and wants to cause trouble, I'm afraid that our Calming Immortal Bureau will have a chance to be destroyed.

Moreover, the stars from the heavens descended to the mortal world because they saw that the Emperor's dynasty was too large, so they came down to disturb the universe. " "This is also why I'm on guard."

Jin Suibo spoke his mind. "Even if Zhuge Ya wants to rely on our Calming Immortal Bureau, his mission is to resist the Emperor, resist the Imperial Court, throw the world into chaos, and assist the new Son of Heaven to come into being.

Under the flow of fate, it's very possible that he'll walk to the opposite side of us in the future due to various coincidences. " "That's not entirely impossible."

As Lou Baiyue deliberated, the words "Man Conquers Heaven" written by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor suddenly flashed through her mind. She immediately had an idea. "Heaven's will is not enough to spare us. If we follow the Emperor and establish an unshakable foundation, then we can naturally reverse our fate." "What do you all think?" The Fourth nodded, then turned to the other people present.

"This subordinate feels that we should treat him with sincerity," Long Zaifei said.

"There shouldn't be any doubt that Zhuge Ya is the Lord of Seven Stars. If he wants to rely on us, then we can buy horse bones with a thousand pieces of gold. Let's see if he'll throw in peaches and plums and return the favor. " "I agree," Lou Huaiyue agreed.

"This person is no small matter. If we use him well, even if it's just a year or two, our Calming Immortal Bureau will rise by leaps and bounds."

"That's good." Lou Baiyue also came up with a plan. "All of you, work hard and cultivate. Don't be negligent." "Yes!" everyone replied in unison. The overall strength of the Calming Immortal Bureau had risen rapidly in this half a year.

Under the guidance of Lou Baiyue and The Fourth, Gu Chensha, Long Zaifei had obtained many resources and improved by leaps and bounds. He was now wearing a battle robe embroidered with the sun, moon, and stars, as well as the land and mountains. It looked majestic and picturesque. This was the Heaven Mending Battle Robe.

With a casual grab, a heavenly halberd with coiling dragons appeared in his hand. With a single strike, ghosts and gods bowed their heads.

Long Zaifei's current martial arts realm had reached the twelfth transformation of the Dao Realm, Soul Seizing. He had also comprehended a martial art.

He and Jin Suibo had mediated many conflicts in the Immortal Dao. Even those with higher cultivation realms than him had been defeated. He had gained a great reputation in the Immortal Dao. Lou Huaiyue's cultivation wasn't below Long Zaifei's, and he had rich battle experience.

Liu Yu and the other four had also reached the eleventh transformation of the Dao Realm, Soul Tendrils. Their five swords had already turned into runes, merging with their consciousness and moving according to their will. When the five of them worked together, they were the strongest.

During this half a year, they followed Jin Suibo to subdue an evil sect. That person was a demon at the fourteenth transformation of the Dao Realm. But when the five of them worked together, they turned into a streak of sword light that was dozens of miles long. In just one move, they killed the demon on the spot.

As for Long Yuyun and Jade Frost Dew, they had long swallowed the Dragon Raising Pill and turned into a genius. Now, they had the Dao Realm Glass Body Nine Transformation which was enough to suppress the situation. It was enough for them to do business and deal with the Celestial Dao. Sou!

Just as Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, and the others were discussing, Gu Chensha brought Zhuge Ya to his own land.

This land had been totally changed and it wasn't like before. The Xuanwu Ocean formation that Celestial Craft Institute had built had been removed and replaced by the Xuanwu Star Fixing Formation. This was set up by the Xuanwu Baby himself.

The Xuanwu Baby had been cultivating hard recently. It had learned many techniques from the Sky Monster Book and had benefited a lot. When the Sky Monster Book was written, it had a senior too.

Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Xuanwu Saint Beasts were the pinnacle of the Monster Race. During these days, it felt like a calamity was about to arrive, so it focused on building its nest.

Moreover, Lou Baiyue passed the Sky Monster Book to it for it to swallow and use its own Xuanwu God Power to unlock some of the mysteries of the book. Apart from that, it was also in charge of teaching the two snakes.

Under the guidance of the Black Tortoise baby, the green and white snakes' cultivation increased by more than just a little.

"Mr. Zhuge, what do you think about my land?" Gu Chensha said to Zhuge Ya.