Chapter 350
===========

In just two punches, Elder Wang Ji and Xiao Yan, who had reached the 21st transformation, were wiped out. All their energy turned into five-colored relics. Gu Chensha grabbed the two five-colored relics and stored them in his dantian. He didn't refine them. He wanted to head back to the altar to sacrifice to the Common People's Wish ball.

He had already obtained the power of the Guardian Emperor's High Ritual, so he no longer needed any external power to replenish himself. On the other hand, if the Life's Wish sphere was absorbed by the two Elemental Incarnations, its power would increase by another level.

Dao Realm 18 Transformation Great Dao Golden Core was already a Celestial, much less 21 Transformation Five Element?

Spiritual power could turn normal iron into treasures, far exceeding Soul Energy and Xiantian Earth Energy.

"What the hell happened?"

At this moment, Jing Fanxing and Gu Huo came back to their senses. They forgot that Elder Wang and Xiao Yan had died.

Gu Chensha's aura was getting stronger and stronger. Out of the four of them, only two were left. With this, they had no way to trap Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha still had Law King Power in his body, so he wasn't restricted by the magnetic field of this place. He could use all his strength.

"He actually reached the 19th transformation, raising two transformations. How is that possible? This goes against common sense." Jing Fanxing didn't know what to do.

"How can the power of the heavens be something that you can imagine?"

Gu Chensha purposely messed things up. "I know that Heaven and Earth Sect Leader and Xuanhuang Dragon Emperor have plotted many things, but it is all for naught. They can't scheme against the heavens. Saint, Heaven and Earth Sect, Green Dragon, even the three Celestial Venerables, they are far from the heavens. Since you want to kill me, then you must be prepared to die." Peng! As Gu Chensha spoke, he charged forwards and punched towards Jing Fanxing.

The fist suppressed everything and when it arrived in front of Jing Fanxing, it was the size of a house. This was the strength of the Big and Small Ruyi. His physical body was strong and he smacked down.

Jing Fanxing only felt that all his magic power was being restrained. He clearly had many methods, but he just couldn't use them. He seemed to have tasted the bitter fruit of Gu Chensha's restriction.

This was the power of the Law Emperor in Gu Chensha's body restraining him. When someone with the power of the Law Emperor fought with anyone who cultivated magic power, the other party would be like a subject facing an emperor. Their hands and feet would be tied, and they would not be able to use even half of their cultivation.

Originally, when Gu Chensha was at Dao Realm Transformation 17, he was confident in killing Jing Fanxing one on one. Now, he could kill this person in the blink of an eye.

"Banish Immortal Talisman!" Finally, Jing Fanxing used his trump card. It was actually the Banishing Immortal Talisman refined by the three Heavenly Venerables.

Just one talisman could reduce all immortals to mortals. This talisman was forged by the three Heavenly Venerables by imitating the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Dagger.

If Gu Chensha hadn't faced the Banishing Celestial Talisman, then he might have been killed today. Unfortunately, all of this was within Zhuge Ya's plan.

Zhuge Ya had obtained the Banishing Celestial Talisman from Gu Xuansha and within it was the will of the three Heavenly Venerables. The talisman flew out from Jing Fanxing's hand and was about to clash with Gu Chensha's palm. If they clashed, Gu Chensha's cultivation would all collapse.

Of course, if he didn't touch it, then he would be fine. Although the Banishing Celestial Talisman was strong, it wasn't invincible. If people who knew about it were careful, then it wouldn't be easy for them to fall for it. Shua!

Gu Chensha dodged the talisman and then used the two five-colored relics. At that moment, a tunnel appeared in the space and a streak of light landed, sweeping away the Banishing Celestial Talisman.

This was the Banishing Celestial Talisman that he had sacrificed to connect to the sphere of People's Will. He opened the tunnel and allowed the power of the sphere to descend and snatch away the Banishing Celestial Talisman.

That sphere had refined a Banishing Celestial Talisman and even had the will of the three Heavenly Venerables. At this moment, the depths of the sphere of People's Will could simulate the aura of the three Heavenly Venerables. Therefore, it easily swept away the Banishing Celestial Talisman.

Zhuge Ya had done so many things from start to finish. Naturally, he had calculated everything into his plan.

If not for the aura of the three Heavenly Venerables, it wouldn't have been an easy task to sweep away the Banishing Celestial Talisman.

Gu Chensha sacrificed the two five-colored relics and the tunnel closed again, disappearing without a trace. He didn't continue to use the power of the sphere of People's Will. After all, this was the Demon's Domain. If he caused too much of a commotion, it would attract the attention of Demon God experts.

The sphere of People's Will once again obtained the five-colored relics formed by Elder Wang Ji and Xiao Yan's magic power. In addition to the Banishing Celestial Talisman, it would definitely grow. At the very least, the 'Touch of the Ghostly God' tree that was transplanted into the sphere would grow faster and become a true Heavenly Demon Tree.

"This Banishing Celestial Talisman should be your final trump card, right?"

Gu Chensha appeared in front of Jing Fanxing and Gu Huo again. He wasn't in a hurry to attack. Instead, he observed the surroundings and locked onto the two of them. He was afraid that the two of them might have some other trump card. He wanted to be absolutely safe.

"Why did you suddenly increase by two realms? Even if you were imparted with the power of a Sage, it's impossible to reach such a level. What trump card do you have?" Gu Huo retreated. "Are you trying to kill me?"

"Brother Gu Huo, I let you off last time. Not only are you not grateful, you're even biting the hand that fed you. What a pity."

Gu Chensha's aura had already locked onto the two of them. The two of them didn't dare to move. Under the influence of his aura, whoever dared to move would suffer a thunderous strike from Gu Chensha.

On the contrary, both Jing Fanxing and Gu Huo hoped that the other would move first and suffer an attack from Gu Chensha. Then, they would take the opportunity to escape.

"Gu Chensha, you killed Elder Wang Ji and Elder Xiao Yan. You've already become irreconcilable enemies with the Crimson Firmament Sect."

Jing Fanxing's voice was fierce. "These two people's positions in the Crimson Firmament Sect are equivalent to the ministers of the Upper Study in the Yongchō. They are the core power holders of the sect. You should know how powerful they are. Just wait for the Crimson Firmament Sect's revenge. They won't rest until you're dead. "

"Brother Gu Huo, this idiot is really too annoying. He's always blabbering. If Brother Gu Huo can help me get rid of him, seal his vital energy, and give it to me, I'll let Brother Gu Huo off. How about that?" Gu Chensha proposed a solution.

"Brother Chensha, you underestimate me. Our Great Prestige Dynasty has already formed an alliance with the Black Heaven Earth Sect. We're preparing to enter the divine continent. This is a grand strategic plan. If I give up on this for the sake of my own life, the emperor won't let me off." Gu Huo was still smiling. "So Brother Chensha, don't try to sow discord." "Brother Gu Huo, do you really think you can enter the divine continent and defeat the Yongchō?

I'm afraid the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor has miscalculated. Let's use reality as an example. The Lord of Seven Stars has also chosen her own path.

Brother Gu Huo, as the inheritor of the Star of Calamity's mysteries, are you just going to turn a blind eye? "

Gu Chensha was still trying to persuade him. He actually didn't want to let Gu Huo off. He just wanted the two of them to fight and see what trump cards they had up their sleeves. That way, victory would be in the bag. "I think you should join the Celestial Calmness Bureau and accomplish great things together. Wouldn't that be great?" "That won't do. I have a family behind me."

Gu Huo waved his hand dismissively. "I have a wife, a son, and a daughter. If I betray them, what will happen to them?" "If that's the case, then Jing Fanxing, for Wu Dangkong's sake, I'll let you off this time.

But you have to capture Gu Huo. In any case, between the two of you, only one can leave, or both will die. "Gu Chensha turned to Jing Fanxing.

"Gu Chensha, don't try to drive a wedge between us. Brother Gu Huo and I will live and die together. If you could kill us, we would have done so long ago.

But you haven't done so yet because you're afraid we have some powerful trump cards that we haven't used yet. "

Jing Fanxing wasn't stupid. Although his heart was clouded by hatred, he was still a genius. How could he not know what Gu Chensha was thinking?

"Since you want to die, then I'll help you." Gu Chensha suddenly punched out. A storm rose up as he attacked Gu Huo, but he let Jing Fanxing go.

"Nine Disaster Calamity Transformation, Natural Calamity and Human Calamity Fist!"

At this time, Gu Huo's spiritual power revolved, and all the power in his body gathered in his fist. In an instant, it clashed with Gu Chensha's.

At that moment, the entire Demon Region shook uncontrollably. It was like the surrounding mountains were about to be uprooted. When one reached Dao Realm 19 Transformation, one would actually have the ability to move mountains.

Gu Huo's fist technique could tear apart mountains and rivers. When he punched out, it was filled with mysteries. It could cause rivers to stop flowing, mountains to shift, and cities to float in the air.

When the Natural Calamity and Human Calamity Fist was activated, each fist would bring endless calamities and difficulties to the world. Such an aura was really terrifying.

Unfortunately, Gu Chensha was good at the Nine Disaster Calamity Transformation. Moreover, he had the power left by the Law King Ceremony. Not only could he suppress his opponent's spiritual power, but his body was also strong enough to kill people who were a few realms above him.

He grabbed with his palm and a whirlpool appeared. It absorbed all the power of the Natural Calamity and Human Calamity Fist into his body as nourishment.

Then, he waved his hand once more and pill energy appeared around his body. This was the combination of Essence Soul Power and Xiantian Earth Energy.

The moment they were combined, the golden pill power that was formed was of really high quality. It charged out of his body and turned into a pure golden country that wrapped around Gu Huo's body. As the pill flame burned, it started to refine Gu Huo.

Dao Realm Eight Transformation Samadhi True Flame was an internal flame that was activated by Earth Energy and the body's vital energy.

As for Dao Realm Thirteen Transformation Demon Swallowing Ghost Devouring Technique, it was a pure yang intent flame that was formed in the soul and could refine all kinds of souls.

The pill flame was formed from the combination of Essence Soul and Earth Energy. After the golden pill was formed, the flames that it gave off were much stronger than before.

Gu Chensha had already formed his golden pill. His golden pill had the ability to mend the heavens and change the heavens. At the start, the pill flame was pure gold and then it turned black and white. Gu Huo was wrapped within. He tried to use many powerful techniques to escape but it was useless. At that moment, Jing Fanxing hollered and actually fled. He didn't choose to help Gu Huo.