Chapter 679
===========

"Gu Chensha, you're Ghost Weep. You've already made arrangements in the depths of my Minute Dust World. Otherwise, I wouldn't have lost so miserably." At this time, Longevity God was enlightened and already knew something.

"That's right, Ghost Weep is my incarnation. I've been in your Minute Dust World for a long time. After familiarizing myself with the various changes, I began to infiltrate it."

Gu Chensha admitted, "Longevity God, you don't need to be shocked. This is a huge opportunity for you. If you sincerely work for our Calming Immortal Department, you will definitely reap some harvest." "Now that I'm under your control, do you want to kill me?" Longevity God's hopes turned to dust.

"Didn't I say that I won't kill you? Moreover, what's the use of you colluding with Wan Senshi? Could it be that you obtained more benefits than us? Wan Senshi is just using you. "

In the past, Gu Chensha didn't dare to subdue Longevity God because this god was cunning and difficult to control. But now, Gu Chensha didn't care about this. He had absolute strength. As long as Longevity God submitted to him, he wouldn't be able to play any tricks.

If he couldn't even deal with this' Little The Great Spirit God ', then how could he deal with the real The Great Spirit God?

The Great Spirit God had devoured the Sorcerer Ancestor, so his current cultivation was probably at the same level as Wan Senshi.

At this point, Gu Chensha was sure that he could play with Longevity God in the palm of his hand. If he could subdue Longevity God, then it would be very beneficial for him to deal with The Great Spirit God and Wan Senshi in the future.

Moreover, The Great Spirit God had a huge destiny on him, which would give him a place in the Great Tribulation. If he could subdue him, it would also be of great benefit to the Calming Immortal Department.

This was equivalent to the world falling into chaos. If some General Stars were subdued by a King in advance, then it would be an earth-shattering help to the country.

"You really won't kill me?

My life and death are in your hands now. I didn't expect you to be able to completely control me without using the power of a dimensional realm. "

Longevity God tried his best to think of a way to escape. He thought of thousands of ways, but all of them were dead ends.

"If I didn't have absolute confidence, how would I be able to control you?" Gu Chensha smiled, "In truth, I've been fighting with the Xing Qiong Clan recently, and my magic power has increased greatly."

"Your highness has remarkable abilities. It seems that you won't give up until you subdue me today?" Longevity God smiled bitterly. "If I don't know what's good for me, I'm afraid my fate will be very miserable." "Of course."

Gu Chensha bluntly said, "If you refuse to come to your senses, then I will forcibly enlighten you. Although you have become a Saint, you are still pitifully weak in front of my dimensional realm. But if I forcibly enlighten you, then your destiny will be changed and your destiny will also be weakened. The gains do not make up for the losses. What I need is your fortune, so I want you to sincerely rely on me.

Besides, we're enemies to begin with. By siding with Wan Senshi, you've already gone against the Imperial Court.

Now that I've formed an alliance with the Buddhist Sect, I will reform the teachings of the Buddhist Sect.

Turning it into a Zen culture, cultivators will curse the Buddhist Sect's ancestors without any taboo. They will immediately be enlightened.

This is not a religion, so in the future, the Golden Paramita Mountain will also be in my pocket. Don't doubt that I can't enlighten you. I can already use the power of the Golden Paramita Mountain. "

As he spoke, a huge mass of Buddha's light appeared in Gu Chensha's palm. The Buddha's light was vast and profound. There seemed to be countless tiny Buddhas singing scriptures within it. Layers of space were brewing within it.

Longevity God's face changed dramatically. He could clearly feel the power of the Golden Paramita Mountain left behind by the ancient Buddhist Sect.

This power could turn the world upside down, and it could enlighten all powerful existences. He was no exception. In the past, the Buddhist Sect had enlightened countless ancient heavenly devils.

Once he was enlightened, he would lose his ability to think. In the eyes of Longevity God, he would be no different from a puppet.

At the same time, Longevity God's face changed dramatically. He seemed to have made up his mind and immediately knelt on one knee. "Subordinate Zhang Sanquan kowtows in salute to Your Highness. From now on, I am Your Highness's man. No matter what happens, I will never frown." "Zhang Sanquan, is this your real name? Sure enough, you have the three virtues of Fu, Lu, and Longevity now. "

Gu Chensha always grasped this secret. "In that case, you can cultivate my Great Common People's Universal Purification Scripture.

Through my calculations, this scripture has integrated the three great magical powers of Fu, Lu, and Longevity, which will be a huge benefit to you. I don't think you have yet to comprehend the true essence of the three virtues. " As he spoke, Gu Chensha transmitted a thought into Longevity God's mind.

When Longevity God sensed this intent, his expression changed once more, then extreme shock appeared on his face: "This, this scripture contains endless knowledge, it even perfectly fuses the dao of Longevity and Fortune True Gods. Many of my problems in cultivation are easily solved by this scripture. This is simply seizing the supreme dao of creation and making up for my flaws. Even if the three True Gods were to reincarnate, they wouldn't be able to divine such an existence."

"Yes, this is what I have calculated. I have been fighting with Xing Qiongshi for more than a year. I have calculated all the dao techniques, scattered them, and recombined them, making up for each other and fusing with each other.

It can be said that even if the three True Gods were resurrected, their fusion of the three virtues would not be as good as mine. My understanding of spells and destiny is already at the level of an Empyrean.

Since you can rely on me today, it is naturally a blessing planted in you. Now you know that what I said is true. "

Gu Chensha has already calculated the entire Great Common People's Universal Purification Scripture. The mysteries of this scripture can be said to be all-encompassing, far surpassing the previous ones.

In the Minor God Province, many Monster Race cultivators have already taken human form while cultivating this scripture. The Minor Thousand World formed by the Minor God Province is getting bigger and bigger. Its power has already surpassed the majority of Profound Gate Worlds. Even with Longevity God's cultivation base, he can't understand what is contained in this scripture.

The more he studied, the more terrifying he felt. Deep in his heart, he unknowingly developed a kind of reverence for Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha can accurately grasp the psychological changes of Longevity God. If this god cultivates his Great Common People's Universal People's Universal People's Universal People's Universal People's Universal People's Purification Scripture, then he would have an unusual karma with him. Their destinies would be linked, and he wouldn't be afraid of Longevity God rebelling. This scripture is just that mysterious.

After a full seven days and seven nights, Longevity God seems to have digested some of Gu Chensha's comprehensions, and his cultivation base improved once more. But when he opened his eyes, he suddenly felt that his destinies and destiny have been linked together with the Calming Immortal Department. One prospers, one prospers, one perishes, one perishes.

"This is …" His cultivation base has already reached the Dao Realm's 33 Transformations, the Truth Sacred Heart, and he has become a Saint. The next moment, it will be the 34 Transformations, the Control of Destiny. This realm is not very difficult for him. Actually, after obtaining the God Countries of Longevity God and Blessing God, in addition to the two True God Positions and Gu Chensha's guidance, Longevity God's future cultivation path will be smooth sailing. It is not impossible for him to directly reach the 36 Transformations. So, he is very clear about the Dao of Destiny.

Seeing that his fate had already merged with the fate of the Calming Immortal Department, he sighed. He knew that it was impossible for him to betray and destroy the Calming Immortal Department. If the Calming Immortal Department declined, it would be hard for him to avoid being weakened.

Of course, if the Calming Immortal Department prospers, his status will also rise, and he will obtain more benefits.

"This is the Dao of Karmic Connection that I derived from the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art. Right now, you're equivalent to a member of the imperial court. If the imperial court is destroyed, the other ministers might be able to rely on other powers, but think about it. Would the imperial family be able to survive? They will definitely be killed by the new dynasty, lest they are used by others. "

Gu Chensha said, "Longevity God, I value you very much. As soon as you joined our Calming Immortal Department, you became an existence similar to a king. You are only below me, Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, and Gu Huasha. You are even on equal footing with Jin Suibo. Your status is so high, and you can even share the secrets of our dimensional realm. What else are you dissatisfied with? Could it be that Wan Senshi values you so much?"

"Subordinate thanks Your Highness." At this time, Longevity God knew that he was truly connected to the Calming Immortal Department.

"Very good. Since you have changed your mind, then I can rest assured."

Gu Chensha said, "Your cultivation can also be considered a giant, but you still lack the position of God of Destiny to reach perfection. Currently, the position of God of Destiny is in the hands of Jing Qiu. That person has also cultivated to the God Realm and obtained the assistance of the Dharma Saint. He wholeheartedly manages his Holy Sama Empire and even opposes us.

Now we will go and obtain his position of God of Destiny and integrate it into your body. I will train you to become a super giant. " "Yes." Longevity God's face lit up with joy.

He was a practical person. Since Destiny and the Calming Immortal Department were working together, then the higher his strength was, the stronger the Calming Immortal Department would be. The stronger the Calming Immortal Department was, the more things he would obtain. This was a matter of complementing each other.

"Your Highness, I have obtained the position of Longevity God and Blessing God. Now that I have consolidated my World Force, defeating Jing Qiu won't be difficult. However, Jing Qiu has taken refuge in the Dharma Saint, and his subordinate, Jing Fanxing, was even accepted as a disciple by Wan Senshi. If we try to obtain the position of God of Destiny, then we might be besieged by these two existences. I'm afraid it will be very difficult." Longevity God was very clear about the various forces.