Chapter 485
===========

"Ancestors, don't worry. I will definitely convince Wu Dangkong to work for the family. In fact, her current position is built on the foundation of the family. Without the family's support, she would have been killed long ago, and the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree would have been taken." Gu Chensha continued to tempt them.

He wanted to incite the dissatisfaction of the Wu Clan's old ancestor divine experts towards Wu Dangkong. That way, the Calming Immortal Department would have more time to develop.

Right now, he wanted to incite the aristocratic families to fight against the Legalists and destroy the Spirit-Demon Plan. At the same time, he wanted the Legalists and the Demons to hate the three Celestial Venerables. He wanted the various factions to destroy each other and delay the outbreak of the calamity. He wanted to buy time for the Calming Immortal Department, the common people, and the imperial court. Even one more year would be good.

As long as he could delay it for a year, the world would have a lot of people, and the Calming Immortal Department's Human Dragon Pills would flow into the world. Many martial arts masters and Dao Realm experts would be born. Don't underestimate these people. They would be seeds of hope in the future.

"Go. We will make the decision for you," King Wu Yu said.

"But be careful, especially with the Calming Immortal Department. If you want to work with them and use them, be careful not to be used by them.

That Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, is full of tricks. Not even the three Divine Apes can scheme against him. The Thousand Transformation Stone Ape and the Yin-Yang Ghost Ape are the best at setting up traps, but they still suffered a big loss against Zhuge Ya. " "Yes!" Gu Chensha left the Martial Saint's Paradise just like that.

After he came out, he ignored the Wu family's attempts to recruit him. Instead, he headed straight for Gu Tanjian's fief.

"The Martial Saint's Paradise has a lot of resources. Although it can't compare to all the Dharma Realms, it's still a bit stronger than our Life's Wish sphere. However, as long as our sphere completely digests the Little Thunderclap Temple, the Little Moni Buddhist Pagoda, the Three Realms Seal, and the Mahākāśyapa Bone Ring, it should be enough.

It's a pity that we don't have a god-rank expert overseeing it. We can't use the paradise's full power. "

After Gu Chensha left the Martial Province, he began to compare the differences between the Sphere of Common People's Wish, All Law Realms, and the Martial Saint's Paradise.

In fact, in essence, the Life's Wish sphere was not weaker than the Battle Saint's Paradise and All Law Realms. It just lacked some foundation and accumulation. This was just a matter of time.

Moreover, as time progressed and the Tree of Desire grew, the number of commoners and disciples influenced by the Academy of Common People's Wishes would increase, and the essence of the sphere would become purer and purer. In the future, the potential of the sphere would far surpass that of the Martial Saint's Paradise and all Dharma Realms. One had to know that the sphere was fused with many powerful magical treasures and powers.

However, the Heavenly Passage World cared about purity. There were too many of those powers and they were too heterogeneous. Even though they were tyrannical and enormous, they weren't unified. It was just like the human race, where there were many aristocratic families but they weren't united.

Gu Chensha, Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, and the others had assembled all sorts of powerful artifacts into this Life's Wish sphere. In fact, it already had a lot of potential, but it had yet to be fully refined. In truth, the Life's Wish sphere was also waiting for a world upgrade.

As long as all the magical treasure energy cores were fused with the will of Life's Wish, the World Core would be stable.

"That's right, it's the World Core!"

Gu Chensha suddenly had an epiphany. "That's the will of the world itself. It represents some kind of philosophy. The philosophy of all Dharma Realms is absolute order and absolute law. And the Battle Saint's Paradise's philosophy is absolute martial strength.

And in our Life's Wish sphere, there's also the Primordial Demon Dao's law of the jungle. That's the core foundation, the Book of Heavenly Demon, and it hasn't been completely reversed. There's also the profoundness of the Buzhou Palace's Dao of Buzhou and the Dragon Sect's Dao of Dragon Transformation. Other than that, there are countless scattered wills that haven't completely condensed into a unified World Core. However, we have a path now, and that's the Life's Wish. "

As long as they refined the Life's Wish sphere, the interior of the sphere would be pure. The various wills of the Primordial Demon Dao would be eliminated, and they would be enlightened. Then, it would definitely be comparable to the Battle Saint's Paradise and all Dharma Realms.

Of course, even if the two worlds were comparable, if they really clashed, the Celestial Calmness Department would still be at a disadvantage. This was because they didn't have a Deity rank expert to operate it. Only a Deity rank expert's World Energy could move the world and unleash its greatest might.

Even if the Celestial Calmness Department had a Deity rank expert, the situation wouldn't be like this. Unfortunately, they still didn't have one.

"Clang!" Gu Chensha pulled out the Thunder Slayer Sword.

The moment the sword was pulled out and imbued with magic power, the sword instantly emitted an aura of annihilation.

With a slight swing of the sword, light rays shot out thousands of miles away. Even the Undying Body, which had exquisite transformations of magic power, couldn't escape death.

"Not bad, not bad. Although this sword isn't as good as the Wanxiang Shattering Staff, it's still an extremely powerful weapon. At the very least, it's hard for me to condense this sword on the Wish Tree. The Martial Saint forged this sword, and it contains the true essence of the Martial Dao.

However, it's hard to say who's stronger between the Martial Saint and the Hercules God. "Gu Chensha kept the sword.

The realm of a Sage was much stronger than a Deity rank expert. However, it was different for an expert who had obtained a Deity Throne.

It was hard to say who was stronger between an expert who had obtained a Deity Throne and a Sage who had reached the pinnacle of the 36 Transformations. He would have to fight them to find out.

However, the Thunder Slayer Sword was one of the many weapons forged by the Martial Saint, while the Wanxiang Shattering Staff was the Origin Weapon that the Hercules God had spent his entire life forging. Naturally, it couldn't be compared.

Now that Gu Chensha had the Wanxiang Shattering Staff, the Thunder Slayer Sword wasn't very useful to him.

"When I have the time, I'll simulate a scenario and let Dou Nineteen snatch this Thunder Slayer Sword."

Gu Chensha thought of a plan. In the future, this Thunder Slayer Sword could be used by the Celestial Calmness Department's subordinates. In fact, it could even be used by the General of Common People.

"If I have 360 treasures like the Thunder Slayer Sword and give them all to the General of Common People, to what extent would his power increase?"

Gu Chensha had an idea, "In the Wu Family, there are seven of such swords. It seems like I have to obtain all of them and then head to the Demon Race to steal such treasures."

Each of the General of Common People was extremely strong. They had the quality of the True Dragon Technique. Moreover, it was the fifth stage of the True Dragon Technique. They had cultivated the River of Myriad Beings and were not much weaker than Wu Dangkong. Even if one of them went out, it could cause chaos in the Celestial Path. In the past, Xiao Yan, Elder Wangji, and Gu Huo couldn't even be smacked by one of the General of Common People.

Moreover, the General of Common People was pretty much a clone of Gu Chensha and was connected to Gu Chensha by blood. As Gu Chensha's cultivation increased, these General of Common People would also increase their cultivation.

Gu Chensha was just about to land in Gu Tanjian's territory when suddenly, an extremely strong force swept over.

"Power of the World."

Gu Chensha was about to activate the power of the talisman, but then he changed his mind and allowed the force to sweep him away. Dozens of breaths later, the space in front of him changed.

Then, a person appeared in front of Gu Chensha. He was extremely tall like an ancient emperor. It was the Martial Emperor.

"The Martial Emperor actually cultivated to the God Realm?

Last time, his cultivation was slashed by that blade energy and he actually managed to cultivate it back in just a year? Moreover, he even improved. So terrifying? Did the Martial Emperor comprehend a Divergent? "Gu Chensha was shocked. The Martial Emperor was now a God Realm expert.

If one said that the person with the most hope to comprehend a Divergent wasn't Jing Qiu, Gu Chensha himself, or anyone else, it was the Martial Emperor.

The Martial Emperor unified the world and created a giant empire. However, he met with a calamity and the empire was destroyed. Now that he was revived, he comprehended many secrets. If he became a Divergent, Gu Chensha wouldn't find it strange. Instead, he felt that it was natural.

"You are the junior of the Wu Family, Wu Danxing? You actually obtained the Lightning Slaying Sword. "The Martial Emperor asked right away.

"Who is this senior? Why are you joking with me?"

When Gu Chensha heard the Martial Emperor speak, he was secretly happy. He knew that the Martial Emperor didn't recognize him and thought he was Wu Danxing.

"I am the Martial Emperor. I have been revived. Now, I want to return to the Wu Family and regain control. If you rely on me, your future will be limitless." The Martial Emperor spoke directly and didn't hide anything.

"You are the Martial Emperor?

I don't believe it … "Gu Chensha pretended to smile bitterly." What does senior need? Don't joke with me like this. " "Hmph, junior, how would you know the profoundness of this Emperor?

The Wu Family is now in danger. If I don't join the Wu Family, I'm afraid it will be destroyed by the Legalism in the future. " The Martial Emperor sent a thought over, revealing his true identity as the Martial Emperor.

"Ah …" Gu Chensha quickly said, "It's really the Martial Emperor. My Wu Family is saved." "What? You know about the Legalism too? "The Martial Emperor was startled.

"Yes, the Legalism Dharma Saint has returned. This is the news I got from Gu Tanjian."

Gu Chensha repeated the story again. "Now that the Martial Emperor is back to take charge, my Wu Family will definitely be safe from disaster." "You're smart, kid." The Martial Emperor laughed loudly. "You support me too? That's good too. If I join the Wu Family, you'll be the first hero. " "Thank you, Martial Emperor, for your support."

Gu Chensha already had a plan. "Martial Emperor must have sensed me activating the Thunderslash Sword."

The Thunderslash Sword was slightly activated, and the sword qi spread out for thousands of miles. Naturally, many powerful existences could sense it.

"Not bad. I admire your quick-wittedness."

The Martial Emperor had a good impression of Gu Chensha's Wu Danxing, but he didn't know that this was the Little Rascal who had dealt with him many times.

"Martial Emperor, how about joining the Wu Family now?"

Gu Chensha quickly said. If he brought the Martial Emperor into the Wu Family, he could disrupt the situation. This way, he might be able to steal some of the Wu Family's treasures.