Chapter 406
===========

Gu Chensha made a deal with Xing Qiongshi just like that. He dug out a stone and he would obtain the memories that Xing Qiongshi released. The jade turned into nectar and was absorbed into his body.

Essence energy surged in his body as he breathed. The memories in his sea of consciousness were brewing and obtaining more resources.

He wasn't in a rush and just slowly traded here. Each time he had to refine the jade and merge with his body, he would digest the memories and completely merge them into his martial arts. Only then would he proceed to the next trade.

This was something that he had no choice about. Each time he melted a stone, Xing Qiongshi's strength would increase by a little to an immeasurable level. If he didn't increase his own strength, he would be wiped out.

After trading like this 10 times, Gu Chensha's 108 acupoints formed a golden pellet in each acupoint. These golden pellets actually formed and died along with his breathing. They flowed in his meridians and the acupoints swapped with one another. However, he still hadn't reached the 20th transformation of Dao Realm, Gather and Disperse Impermanence.

Furthermore, the quality of his magic power was still at the peak of the "True Dragon Technique". It only had a trace of the characteristics of the "Heavenly Dao Technique", but it did not completely become the "Heavenly Dao Technique". This way, he would need some kind of world-shaking comprehension in order to be able to cultivate it.

This was a crucial step. It seemed like since ancient times, no one had raised their spiritual power quality to the Heaven Path Technique level.

However, what Gu Chensha had received from Xing Qiong was already ten times more than what Wu Dangkong had. When these memories merged together, it caused his Life Mending Art to reach an inexplicable level.

Zhuge Ya, who was in the Common People's Wish ball, had obtained enough resources to unlock some of the mysteries of the Taiyi Pearl. He even started to use some secret techniques to adjust the Heaven Monster Tree's growth speed.

The Heaven Monster Tree also needed someone to take care of it. Its growth wasn't as mysterious as someone nurturing it.

"Someone is coming. Let's stop trading." Just at that moment, Xing Qiongshi sent out a mental wave and his body disappeared without a trace.

Gu Chensha frowned. He also sensed a powerful aura spiraling down from the surface of the sea. It drilled into the seabed and he immediately hid himself. Just as he was hiding, two people appeared in front of him.

One of them was the 'Adjudicator' Li Rongguang who was hiding in the secret underground chamber of Prince Yu Huang's mansion. He cultivated Heavenly Lord Putuo's ultimate technique, Putuo Round Light. He was probably an expert of the twenty-third or twenty-fourth transformation of the Dao Realm.

The other person's aura was much stronger than Li Rongguang's, and was no weaker than Jing Qiu's. He was a young man with a pair of sharp eyebrows, and gave off an air of supremacy.

"The reincarnation of Xing Chen?"

When Gu Chensha saw this person, he vaguely felt that this person had the profundities of the stars. Moreover, his Star Intent was extremely powerful, only slightly weaker than the Myrtle Imperial Star.

"Arch-Star," said Gu Chensha, frowning. "What a powerful divine ability! Could it be that he was originally a peerless expert, and he also has the Star Profound? "

"Senior Brother, this should be the place where the three Heavenly Lords sealed Xing Qiongshi's head all those years ago. Back then, when the world changed, I came down to check and found that the seal did not break." Li Rongguang chatted with the young man.

"I'm worried that something might go wrong."

The young man glanced around, then suddenly waved his sleeves. Countless beams of light shot out, floating in the water and turning into balls of light that covered a radius of several hundred kilometers.

"I've set up the Nine Heavens Ten Earths Illumination Technique here. If there's even the slightest movement, I'll know."

"Senior Brother, your magic is incredible," Li Rongguang said respectfully. "Senior Brother, when do we make our move?"

"Don't be impatient," the young man said. "There's no need to be impatient. There will be a time when we strike. I've slowly infiltrated the imperial court, and in time, I'll become a powerful minister. I've also trained a group of people to pass the Imperial Examinations.

I believe that before long, the imperial court will be filled with our people. When that time comes, it won't be strange for us to change the world. " "Jing Qiu also failed. That Zhuge Ya is quite powerful.

The Celestial Calmness Bureau has already become a force to be reckoned with. Right now, I'm hiding in the Precious Jade Nation's prince's secret chamber. I don't dare to act rashly, lest I be discovered. " Li Rongguang's killing intent surged. "Since when have we Adjudicators suffered such humiliation?

We're enforcing the law in the 72 Profound Gates of the Immortal Dao. Which sect would dare to disobey if we asked them to hand over their disciples? " "By the way, something strange happened recently."

The young man sneered. "The son of the Taiyi Fantasy Sect's headmaster, Tai Mengdi, betrayed the sect and stole many of its magical treasures. He joined the Celestial Calmness Bureau and became the disciple of Zhuge Ya. He said he was seduced by the Lord of Seven Stars, but I think it was the Taiyi Fantasy Sect's idea.

"The Taiyi Fantasy Sect is powerful, and has always been ranked second in the Immortal Dao. However, they're not satisfied with the actions of the three Celestial Masters. They're treacherous. This time, they've actually joined forces with the Celestial Calmness Bureau to plot against us.

Senior Brother, you're wise, "Li Rongguang said disdainfully." After we deal with the Yongchō, we'll wipe them out. " "Of course. There's no need for the Taiyi Fantasy Sect to exist any longer."

The young man looked around again. "Although Jing Qiu failed, he can't be underestimated. Even I might not be able to do anything to him. He has his own ambitions, and may be an obstacle to our great cause in the future. We have to find a chance to get rid of him. Right now, we can join forces and kill the Celestial Calmness Bureau's Zhuge Ya. Once we kill him, the Celestial Calmness Bureau will be a toothless tiger. We can do whatever we want with them." "Yes, I'll follow your orders, Senior Brother." Li Rongguang was very respectful.

"Guard the Baoyu Nation well. When you have time, contact the Great Wei Dynasty. The Black Yellow Dragon Emperor has reached an agreement with the three Celestial Masters. He'll take over the divine continent," the young man said. "In the future, there will be many obstacles in the distribution of benefits."

"The Black Yellow Dragon Emperor is no small matter. If he takes over, I'm afraid we won't be able to take advantage of him," Li Rongguang said.

"It doesn't matter. The Black Yellow Dragon Emperor is actually a pawn of the three Celestial Masters. After he takes over the divine continent, he'll still have to fight against the Celestial Dao Sect. He'll do the same thing as Gu Taxian. He wants the Celestial Dao Sect to pay taxes. Otherwise, how can he govern the world?

Let him and the Celestial Dao Sect fight until both sides suffer. Then, we'll come out and clean up the mess. At that time, we'll follow the thoughts of the three Celestial Masters and build a truly perfect human world. "The young man laughed." In this game of chess, we'll see who gets the last laugh. "

"The three Celestial Masters have never schemed against failure. This time, victory will belong to us." Li Rongguang laughed as well. The two left quickly.

After the two of them left, Gu Chensha frowned. He looked around at the bright light floating in the seawater. He had an extremely sensitive feeling. If he moved even the slightest bit, he would trigger some of the restrictions here and be discovered by that young man.

"Where's Xing Qiongshi?"

Gu Chensha secretly communicated with Xing Qiongshi and found that he had fallen silent as well. He seemed to have other plans, and did not want to make a deal with him.

"Could it be that he's also afraid of being discovered by the three Celestial Masters?" Gu Chensha communicated with Zhuge Ya to discuss this matter.

Zhuge Ya thought for a long time in the sphere. "We've already gained some benefits. It's not wise to alarm the three Celestial Masters now. And if we completely open Xing Qiongshi's seal, he'll have other tricks up his sleeve.

I think King should return first and deal with the Adjudicators' Yong Extermination Alliance. These scourges have already infiltrated the court. It's very likely that many Jinshi, High Scholar, and officials are among them. The three Celestial Masters' plans are very far-reaching. We have to guard against them. " Gu Chensha was shocked. He knew that attacking from the inside was the trickiest. He quietly activated his secret art and snuck out of this region of the sea.

This deal with Xing Qiongshi ended anticlimactic, but he himself had benefited greatly. He had truly peeked into the realm of the King of Magic Power. As long as he comprehended it, it was not impossible for him to cultivate this art.

His physical body and Golden Core had reached a point where they could be born and destroyed with a single breath. With a slight exhale, the Golden Core would disperse in his acupoints and fuse into his physical body. With a single breath, the Golden Core would be born again.

Other cultivators would go through untold hardships to form a Golden Core and carefully temper it, not daring to slack off in the slightest. But he could condense and disperse his Golden Core in a single breath. And this was the breathing of 108 Golden Cores in his body simultaneously.

When the Golden Core was born, it produced a huge suction force. When it was destroyed, it released a tyrannical destructive force.

In other words, if Gu Chensha attacked now, the power of each palm strike would be equivalent to the power of 108 Golden Cores exploding. Who could resist it? Since ancient times, no one had ever heard of someone who could achieve such an ability.

He naturally felt that he had accumulated enough. Next was to comprehend the essence of his body and undergo the final transformation.

He was extremely quick now. After leaving this place, he returned to his own land and entered the Common People's Wish Ball.

"Congratulations King, you have gained a lot this time."

When Zhuge Ya saw him, he immediately congratulated him. "In the past month, your strength has increased by more than several times." "It didn't help much in the overall situation."

Gu Chensha waved his hands, "Unfortunately, I didn't get Xing Qiongshi's bloodline to help you lay out the altar and summon the World Burial Coffin. It won't help our Calming Celestial Department's strength."

Indeed, Gu Chensha's cultivation had increased at a terrifying rate. But that was just his combat strength increasing. There was no qualitative change in his realm. He was still at Dao Realm 19 Transformation, Size Manipulation. However, right now, he could probably fight against Fa Wuxian at his peak. He could even defeat him.