Chapter 892
===========

In three days, Long Xiangtian rose by three levels. He actually went from Dao Realm Transformation 27, Seamless Two, to 30, World Creation.

Furthermore, Long Xiangtian's microscopic world was drawing on the enlightenment energy from the Great Stone Wall. In this way, he had actually cultivated his own microscopic world into the 'King of the World'. This microscopic world contained a power that not even the Dao of the Heavens possessed.

When any cultivator formed their own small world, they would use their own powers to form a world. Then, they would combine it with chaotic energy to break it down and refine everything from within to make their world rich and colorful.

Just like that, Long Xiangtian's world could suppress any god realm, Saint, and even Heaven Venerables. After advancing to god realm, Long Xiangtian had the right to rule the world.

Even Heaven Venerables weren't his match. More importantly, he actually formed an inseparable connection with the giant stone wall. He could use the giant stone wall for himself. Gu Chensha knew all of this and he didn't stop him.

This was because to Gu Chensha, while Long Xiangtian was controlling the giant stone wall, he was also sending power to it.

When Long Xiangtian reached the highest realm, he would refine the giant stone wall and he would become a part of it.

At that time, Gu Chensha would refine the giant stone wall into the Dragonless Gourd. Only then would he be truly perfect.

Moreover, after Long Xiangtian controlled the giant stone wall, his cultivation would become even stronger. He would be able to cultivate his Soaring Dragon Heart Technique to a higher realm and supplement Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Technique.

Gu Chensha hoped more and more that someone like Long Xiangtian would appear to provide him with resources.

"Long Xiangtian, Soaring Dragon Heart Technique, not bad, not bad. Since that is the case, let me help you."

Gu Chensha's Divine Will moved, and the essence of the Dragonless Heart Sutra was injected into the Great Stone Wall. He fused with the Great Stone Wall, and finally condensed into the strongest Dao Comprehension Spirit, which was secretly injected into Long Xiangtian's body. 【】 Kacha! Shock appeared on Long Xiangtian's face.

"How can there be such a dao comprehension energy? Who is comprehending the dao here? Could it be the Heavenly Talisman Emperor? "

Long Xiangtian's World King swelled up and became 1,000 times bigger. He went from a World King to a World King. Apart from that, his realm rose once more. He went from Dao Realm Creation World to Dao Realm Creation World to Void Creation. He improved once more to Dao Realm Transformation 32, One Thought Connecting to Heaven. He then reached Dao Realm Transformation 30, Truth Saint Heart. Only then did he stop. Even Long Xiangtian himself couldn't understand this situation.

Based on his calculations, he would have to stop for a while after he reached the Divine level, the realm of world creation at the thirty transformations. He would need to accumulate more energy. However, an extremely powerful essence of enlightenment was being transmitted from the Great Wall of Rocks, expanding his origin by ten times. In an instant, he had broken through three stages consecutively and reached the Saint Realm, the strongest realm. He had even turned his Microscopic World into a minor chiliocosm.

"Very good, very good. Luck is on my side."

Long Xiangtian slowly opened his world, "I am still lacking a little. If I can reach Celestial Lord Realm in one go, I can turn the minor chiliocosm in my body into a medium-sized world or even a large-sized world. Then, I can open up my world and wrap it up. I can merge it into my world and become the strongest power to suppress the world. At that time, even Gu Chensha might not be my match. I will be the top person in the world." "This kid is really arrogant."

At this moment, Gu Chensha completely understood Long Xiangtian's state of mind. Even Long Xiangtian's every move was within his grasp. This was because he had also infused his enlightenment intent into the Great Stone Wall. Then, the Great Stone Wall's mind completely controlled Long Xiangtian. At the same time, he studied how this person was born. Only by understanding Long Xiangtian's background would he be able to control him.

"Congratulations leader for reaching Saint Realm."

All the experts in the Flying Dragon Guild were delighted. They looked at Long Xiangtian like they were looking at the only leader in history. Long Xiangtian had been cultivating here and his breakthroughs were just too unbelievable. In just half a month, he went from Dao Realm 18 Transformation to Dao Realm 33 Transformation. This wasn't cultivation anymore; it was as simple as eating and drinking.

"Not bad, this is the sign of my rise."

Long Xiangtian swept the area and looked at Gu Chensha's Zhou Wang. When he saw the shock on this Zhou Wang's face, he couldn't help but nod his head.

"I wonder how confident the Guild Leader is of refining the Giant Rock Wall into his body?"

Gu Chensha asked, "The most important thing now is to subdue it. That is the foundation of our path." "That day is not far away."

Long Xiangtian felt an endless amount of power in his body. He was really confident, "My strength has reached a new realm. I will swallow heaven and earth and break through the ages. Today is the day." "Good, good, good …"

Just as the people from the Flying Dragon Guild were celebrating, another voice spread into their ears.

"Who is it?"

Long Xiangtian's gaze turned dark and cold. He saw a middle-aged man walk over slowly. Everyone around seemed to have disappeared and only this middle-aged man stood in front of him.

"This person is really strong. His aura is deep like the ocean and he is no weaker than the Lord of the Sun and Moon. If I am not wrong, this person is the mysterious Emperor of Earth. "

Gu Chensha looked at the middle-aged man who was wearing a simple robe. He seemed like he came from a normal rich family but his aura was only weaker than the Emperor Of Heaven. Without a doubt, this person was the Emperor of Earth. The most mysterious person had finally appeared. Long Xiangtian had attracted him.

That was exactly what Gu Chensha wanted to do. The reason he helped Long Xiangtian increase his cultivation base was firstly to control him. Secondly, he wanted to use him to lure out some powerful beings, such as the other kings, the king of earth, and the emperor of heaven.

The Emperor of Earth had also sensed Long Xiangtian's power and potential, so he wanted to take him in.

"Who are you?" Long Xiangtian stood up slowly. He could feel that this person had come with ill intentions.

"Don't worry, I am not hostile."

The middle-aged man who seemed to be the Emperor of Earth smiled. "I never thought that there would be someone like you in this world. It seems like the times have changed. " "Who are you? If you don't tell me, don't blame me for being impolite. "Long Xiangtian was full of hostility.

"Attack?

You should know that your current strength, potential, and even plans are a serious threat to the imperial court and the Dragonless Cabinet, especially Gu Chensha. If he knows about this, he will definitely suppress you at all costs. If we take action, we will definitely be discovered by Gu Chensha. Now, Gu Chensha is activating his power to suppress the Four Wilds and the Divine Land. He is trying to refine the Four Wilds and the Divine Land into his Dragonless Gourd. He wants to recreate an existence that can replace the Way of Heaven, just like the prehistoric technological civilization in antiquity times. I think we can cooperate now, "the middle-aged man suspected to be the Earthly Sovereign said.

"Who are you? Tell me, then we can work together."

Long Xiangtian didn't dare to make a move. He was afraid that the Imperial Court and the Dragon-less Cabinet would find out. Right now, he was at the most crucial moment of refining the Giant Stone Wall, and he couldn't afford to make any mistakes. If the Imperial Court found out, his plan would definitely fail. Hence, he was only bluffing.

"The current you is not my match."

The middle-aged man who seemed to be the Emperor of Earth said. "But I can't expose myself here. Do you know about the future Heavenly Court?" "Future Heavenly Court?" Long Xiangtian said. "Are you the Emperor Of Heaven?

No, impossible. The Emperor Of Heaven won't come out easily. The Lord of Sun and Moon is someone else. Among the Nine Heavenly Kings, even the Chaotic Heavenly King isn't as strong as you. If that's the case, who are you? Are you … the Emperor of Earth? "

"Your guess is correct. As expected of one of the greatest variables born in this world. Gu Tiansha is a variable, but you are a variable that doesn't lose to him." The Earthly Sovereign said, "If you cooperate with me, in the future, I will give you an extremely high position. How about it?

You should know that in the future, the establishment of the Heavenly Court is inevitable. Don't forget about it.

The Heavenly Court is high above, and the Underworld controls reincarnation. If you cooperate with me, I will give you a high position in the Underworld. You will be on equal footing with me. How about it? "

"Heavenly Court, Underworld …" Long Xiangtian frowned. He seemed to be thinking about something. After a long time, he suddenly said. "It seems that you are very ambitious. If I join your Underworld, in the future, your power might even surpass the Heavenly Court, right?" "Of course, we can work together to rule the world. How about it?"

The Emperor of Earth was still observing Long Xiangtian as if he was looking at a treasure that he was satisfied with. If he could recruit a talent like Long Xiangtian, it would be like having an invincible general.

"My intention is to rule the world. I know that the Underworld has ten Yama Kings, who are as strong as the Nine Heavenly Kings. Plus, you are the Emperor of Earth, also known as the Lord of Samsara, and countless reincarnations of the Underworld. Why don't you join me? If you join me, I can immediately reach the Heavenly Lord Realm and conquer the Great Stone Wall. I can even overthrow the Yongchō and establish my own empire. In the future, I can devour the Emperor Of Heaven and control the Heavenly Dao. Isn't that great?" Long Xiangtian looked at the Emperor of Earth and sneered. He would never join the Emperor of Earth.

Moreover, he wanted to devour the Emperor of Earth. However, he knew that the Emperor of Samsara was stronger than him. This time, the Emperor of Earth definitely had a way to suppress him. A crisis was about to break out. a