Chapter 198
===========

Sun Moon Transformation also had a speed technique. Along with the Ten Thousand Mile Flying Cloud Movement that Gu Chensha comprehended, he wouldn't let anyone touch his clothes at all.

Even with the Fourth's speed, it would be really tough for him to pull Gu Chensha into a head-on battle.

Even if the Fourth was really strong and had many tricks up his sleeves, his cultivation technique definitely couldn't compare to the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique. Moreover, Gu Chensha's Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique was different from the past and it was even stronger than the ancient emperors.

This was because the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique and Lou Baiyue's Great Massacre God Technique were merged together, causing the energy to change.

One became a god while the other killed a god. Maybe this was what the Heaven Talisman Emperor had planned.

Moreover, Gu Chensha comprehended his own Dao, using the suffering and ignorant people as his foundation. With his Dao, he would be firm. With this as the land, any Divine Ability Seed on this fertile land could grow into a towering tree.

For example, if it was Fa Wuxian, his Dao was the Battle Saint Technique. He was unending in battle and was invincible. Even if he learned the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Technique, his Dao would not be able to grow anything. The Son of Heaven's God Sealing Technique would not bear fruit on the Dao of battle.

Gu Chensha, on the other hand, used the world's ignorance, clumsiness, and suffering as the path of all living beings. Just like the stinky mud, it cultivated a holy and fragrant lotus.

The Emperor's Dao was about saving the world, saving suffering, establishing order, and getting rid of ignorance. This meant that with the clumsy fist, the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique wouldn't be useless.

Maybe in the future, when Gu Chensha comprehended the clumsy fist even more deeply, he would be able to absorb the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique and change the Heavenly Dao so that the technique wouldn't be able to fly away. He planted the technique in the ground.

"Soul Snatching Soul!"

It was at this moment that the Fourth Brother's eyes burst with a bright light. With his body as the center, invisible soul ripples suddenly spread out and densely covered every corner of the room. This wasn't Innate Stellar Energy, but the power of the soul. Dao Realm 12 Transformation Soul Snatching Realm.

Logically speaking, this Realm could absorb the souls of anyone below Dao Realm Transformation Nine and turn them into walking corpses that listened to one's control.

Moreover, this was mental energy, so it was impossible for it to be blocked by Innate Stellar Energy. This energy was invisible and formless, and it could penetrate everything, even the void, because mental energy was originally illusory.

The Fourth's Spiritual Energy covered the sky and covered every corner of the palace. Naturally, Gu Chensha was unable to dodge. However, the Spiritual Energy penetrated Gu Chensha's body and was unable to control his soul.

"Wait."

The Fourth stopped and clasped his hands behind his back. "Nineteenth Brother, I didn't expect you to have a soul-stabilizing treasure. Since that's the case, there's no need to continue."

Inside Gu Chensha's mind was the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Altar that was transformed from the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. No one could take away his soul.

Lou Baiyue stepped forward and said, "Lao Si, actually you still have many tricks that you haven't used. If you use your trump card, Jiang Yashuang won't be a match for you. Unless he uses the Dragon Gate, you two will be evenly matched."

"I don't fear him if he uses Dragon Gate to absorb Innate Stellar Energy. But since he has a soul-stabilizing treasure, it means that all my mental energy techniques are useless against him. We won't be able to continue this battle at all."

The Fourth said, "Nineteenth Brother, you have to be careful. No one can resist snatching a soul-stabilizing treasure."

"Fourth Brother, I will be careful and won't easily reveal it." Gu Chensha studied a lot and knew what a soul-stabilizing treasure meant.

Dao Realm people used their minds to connect with the Spiritual World and absorb spiritual energy into their bodies. They didn't need to eat anything in the world and were really clean. Actually, there were huge risks.

In the Spirit World, one would occasionally encounter some evil intent. If one accidentally absorbed it into one's body, one's soul would be tainted and one's cultivation would go berserk. One might even become a devil, not a human. There were countless such examples in history.

The higher one's cultivation, the more spiritual energy they absorbed, and the higher the chance of absorbing evil intent.

Apart from that, if one met an expert and used Soul Snatching, it would be extremely dangerous. But with a soul-stabilizing treasure, one could resolve everything.

"Nineteenth Brother, your Innate Stellar Energy has endless transformations and is extremely powerful. It's terrifying. I am really glad.

Add the soul-anchoring treasure to the mix, and I doubt anyone below the eighteen transformations of the immortal dao will be able to defeat you. "Number Four nodded." If that's the case, then we can make even more plans. " "I would like to spar with you more and familiarize myself with the circulation of Stellar Energy."

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue's cultivation had improved too quickly recently and they hadn't had much actual combat experience. The Fourth was the best opponent.

"Alright then, I will accompany Nineteenth Brother to train the soldiers. Speaking of which, Nineteenth Brother's actual combat experience is indeed lacking." Fourth Brother attacked again.

The two of them fought back and forth, purely using Innate Gang Energy to fight. Just like that, they fought for a few hours. Gu Chensha became more and more proficient, almost to the point of being able to fight to his heart's content. He gained new insights into the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art, the Great Massacre God Technique, and various other martial arts battles through repeated tempering.

He felt that the Xiantian Stellar Energy was boiling in his body and was about to break through a certain fixed frequency to form the Eight Transformation Samadhi True Flame.

His cultivation was originally really slow, but since he dual cultivated with Lou Baiyue, his cultivation had increased by leaps and bounds. He went from Dao Realm Transformation Four to Peak Seven.

If he continued at his original speed, he probably wouldn't be able to reach such a height even if he cultivated for another 10 years.

Of course, Lou Baiyue had even more benefits than him. His Sun Moon Dragon Blood was a great supplement for those on the brink of death.

When the two of them fought, Lou Baiyue would occasionally attack. The three of them trained in the Calming Celestial Bureau to train and prepare for the upcoming battle.

On the second day of training, the three of them felt like they had gained a lot. They packed up and brought Luo Xiu along with the other three sect leaders to the morning court.

The Great Yongchō morning court wasn't held every day but once every seven days. If something huge happened, God Talisman would hold it.

This was because Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and the others had missions outside, so they didn't attend every day.

Today was the day of the regular court meeting and the three of them had to report the results of the Calming Celestial Bureau.

Early in the morning, before the sky was even bright, the few of them entered and came to the front of the palace. They handed over their tokens and were led in by the eunuchs to wait in the square. Many officials of the imperial court also gathered here one after another.

The earthquake a few days ago had been completely repaired like nothing had happened. News from all over the country said that the various states had resumed production and there were no large scale riots. In just a few months, the world would be settled.

"Since Big Brother was reprimanded, he hasn't been able to recover and has been studying at home. But Seventh Brother is in high spirits. "

Gu Chensha looked at the many officials and princes around. "Eighteenth Brother and Fourteenth Brother have also improved quickly, but the difference between us is too great. Second Brother hasn't returned. I wonder what his cultivation is like. "

Second Prince Gu Xuansha had been mapping outside and was extremely mysterious. Even though Gu Chensha had only seen his brother once when he was young, his memories were blurry.

Seventh Brother Gu Fasha was originally the strongest, but he was still at the Nine Transformations of Dao and couldn't reach the Ten Transformations.

Gu Fasha had top-grade talent, and at the Nine Transformations, he had used up all his potential. If he wanted to improve, unless he obtained a supreme treasure like the Dragon Pellet, he would be stuck here.

As for Gu Chensha, he was a genius. Geniuses were people who could cultivate to the Golden Pellet of the Great Dao. They far exceeded top-grade talent.

Gu Chensha and the other two brought Luo Xiu and the others to the square. They instantly attracted the gazes of the officials and they all whispered to each other. Some of the more informed officials already knew about the situation at the Buzhou Palace Burial Land and they all had different views of Gu Chensha.

"Everyone, it is time to head to court." Gao Ling sang loudly in front of the hall.

The officials walked in one after another. Lou Baiyue had a noble status and actually walked in front. Her status was even higher than her father Lou Chongxiao's. This was the rule. Calming Celestial Division was given a token that meant that her status was the same as the two heads of Heavenly Craftsman Institute. Heaven Talisman Emperor was high above and was still in charge of the world.

Seeing that the Emperor was still there, Gu Chensha heaved a sigh of relief. He had been worried that one day Heaven Talisman Emperor would leave the court. What would he do then?

"Reporting to Your Majesty."

Lou Baiyue was the first to speak. "Your subject has already completed the first collection of taxes from the Calming Celestial Division. They are from the Triji Sect, Xijian Sect, Demon Hunter Sect, and Hunting Origin Hall. This is the list of taxes collected. The resources are all in the Calming Celestial Division. Your Majesty can allocate them at any time."

"This lowly immortal greets Your Majesty." Luo Xiu and the others hurriedly knelt down and kowtowed nine times.

They didn't feel humiliated at all. They already knew that this Emperor was stronger than the Immortal's Capital. Kneeling down wasn't a big deal.

"Rise."

Heaven Talisman Emperor said amiably, "The four of you are the first to be willing to pay taxes. The court will naturally not mistreat you. I want to reward you as role models for the Immortal Dao."

As he spoke, Heaven Talisman Emperor flicked his palm lightly. Immediately, halos of light descended and gathered around the four of them.

The auras of the four of them surged as their wills surged. All of their cultivation bases actually improved by leaps and bounds. This was especially so for Luo Xiu. He actually became much younger, turning from an old man to a middle-aged man.

"Luo Xiu, your lifespan is reaching its end soon. Even if you try to seize another body and reincarnate, you would only be struggling at death's door. In addition, the laws of the court state that seizing another's body is an act of evil. You cannot do this. Seeing that you are the first to submit to the court, I will borrow another hundred years of lifespan from the heavens to bestow upon you. Take care of yourself." Heaven Talisman Emperor spoke.

"Many thanks, Your Majesty, many thanks."

Luo Xiu immediately knelt down again and kowtowed repeatedly. At this moment, he was both shocked and overjoyed in his heart. His lifespan was reaching its end, this was something he was extremely worried about. Once he died, hundreds of years of bitter cultivation would go down the drain. Now that the Heaven Talisman Emperor had extended his lifespan by another hundred years with a flick of his fingers, he felt that not only did he not suffer a loss in paying taxes, he even profited greatly. Naturally, this was the first person he submitted to. Those who came after him wouldn't be so lucky.

"Your Majesty, I, Prince Chen and Prince Hua went to the burial ground several days ago to retrieve the Buzhou Palace. However, we failed and the palace was taken away by Wen Hong. Please punish us for this matter." Lou Baiyue reported.