Chapter 480
===========

Originally, the Life's Wish sphere was placed in a parallel space within the Ancient Dustsand Sealed Grounds. Any expert would be able to sense it just by slightly circulating their spirit force. That was because the sphere was not yet complete, and it could only show traces of itself in the cracks of space.

There was nothing that could be done about it. Any Grotto-Heaven-level magic treasure would require hundreds of years of familiarizing itself with the spatial vibrations. Only then could it be perfectly fused into space, leaving no trace behind. It would be impossible for others to find it.

"Department of Calmness has improved so quickly? Did you get help from an expert? "

Abandoned Dwarf frowned and thought. "Last time, someone impersonated me and killed experts of the Dark Armor Great Demon Race, Blood Demon Race, and Six-Armed Snake Demon Race. It almost caused internal strife in our alliance. In the end, I couldn't clear my name. Father and the god-level experts of the races worked together to calculate, but they didn't find anything. The experts of the races felt that my father used a secret technique to hide the heavenly secrets. Even now, our races are still at odds. The important matter has been delayed because of this.

I suspect that it's the Department of Calmness, but there's no evidence. When I return from the Nest of 10,000 Dragons, I'll enter the Department of Calmness and investigate. " He didn't attack, as if he had something important to do. He didn't want to alert the enemy. Whoosh! He continued to fly into the depths of the Desolate Land.

The Desolate Land was endless. It was full of barren mountains and rivers, hot and humid forests that covered the sky. The nests of demons were hidden there. There were countless demons, evil cultivators, and barbarian tribes along the way. Other than that, there were also inheritors of ancient witchcraft. Dou Nineteen saw all of this.

Although the Desolate Land was full of crouching tigers and hidden dragons, it had a true master. It wasn't the Barbarian Saint of the barbarians, but the master of all demons and the master of the Nest of 10,000 Dragons, Li Wanlong.

Even the three godly apes and god-level experts of the races had to listen to the orders of the Nest of 10,000 Dragons. He had come to visit Li Wanlong and set up some things together.

"Although the Legalists have come to an agreement with us, we can't trust them.

The Nest of 10,000 Dragons is slightly more trustworthy. After all, demons and demons have been inseparable since ancient times. Demons are demons, and demons are demons. "Abandoned Dwarf continued to fly. Suddenly. Rumble!

A golden staff appeared noiselessly, radiating an aura that could shatter ancient times and annihilate all living things. As it descended, it was already right above Meng Hao's head. The aura of this staff was boundless. When it pressed down, even space itself was shattered.

"This is …" Abandoned Dwarf was shocked, "The weapon of the ancient Hercules, the Wanxiang Shattering Rod. Isn't this rod in the school of Legalism?" Dang!

A weapon appeared in his hand. It was a scepter covered with carvings of ancient devil-gods. At the top of the scepter sat a supreme god. This god had no face. It was black, white, and yet not white. It was the statue of God Maha. This magical treasure was also refined by a God level expert. The two magic treasures collided in the air. Ka-cha!

The scepter that the dwarf had abandoned was shattered bit by bit under the Wanxiang Shattering Cudgel. It actually couldn't withstand it.

"Unfortunately, my Scepter of Mahākāśyapa is the newest creation of a Godly expert of the Dwarf Demon Race. Although it is very powerful, it cannot compare to this treasure that was created with the blood and sweat of an ancient Herculean God." Seeing his treasure destroyed, Abandoned the dwarf knew he was in great danger.

The Scepter of Mahākāśyapa was a magical treasure recorded in the Scripture of Hell Suppression. As long as one had the materials, they could create it.

As a result, the dwarf gave up and had a god-rank expert from the dwarf race forge this treasure for him.

But this treasure was destined to not take much effort from that Godly expert. How could it compare to the Wanxiang Shattering Rod that the ancient Herculean God had created?

Moreover, the difference between a Godly expert and a God was like the difference between heaven and earth. The ancient Herculean God had been conferred the title of True God a long time ago. He could casually crush the Godly experts of the Dwarf Demon Race.

When the Wanxiang Shattering Rod smashed down, all life would be destroyed. There was no chance of luck.

"Talisman!"

Abandoned Dwarf's body changed. He had already cultivated the 26 Transformations of Dao Realm, and his magic power was extremely condensed. Moreover, he was a Natural Saint Demon, and his talent was similar to Fa Wuxian.

He had cultivated the True Dragon Technique and was extremely powerful. He was the most important person in the Dwarf Demon Race. Gu Chensha used the Wanxiang Shattering Rod to attack, but he couldn't kill him.

"Brother Wuxian, why are you joking with me like this? Our Dwarf Demon Race has already reached an agreement with the Legalists. "

Abandoned Dwarf had already sensed Fa Wuxian's aura. "If Brother Wuxian wants to spar with me, that's fine. But I'm afraid that I'll use too much force and hurt Brother Wuxian. I'm afraid that it'll ruin the relationship between the two families." At this moment, when Abandoned Dwarf sent out a mental wave, it was filled with killing intent. He thought that 'Fa Wuxian' had destroyed his Mahākāśyapa Scepter, which was a great loss to him.

Even though he was the most promising young master of the Dwarf Demon Race, he couldn't order a Godly expert to create a treasure for him. This treasure was something that he had exchanged for with a favor and face.

"Fa Wuxian, people say that you're extremely arrogant. It seems that you think that a Natural Saint Demon like me is inferior to a Natural Saint like you?

Since that's the case, I'll let you know that your cultivation is still too weak. Give me this All-encompassing Shattering Staff as compensation, and I won't hurt you! "At this time, the dwarf Abandoned took out a talisman and wrapped it around the All-encompassing Shattering Staff. Weng …

Once the talisman appeared, it turned into a sky full of black light and wrapped around the Wanxiang Shattering Rod.

Then, Abandoned Dwarf made a grabbing motion with his palm. A huge black hand appeared and used the Mahākāśyapa Black Hell Hand to suppress Fa Wuxian. But! At this moment. In the air, Fa Wuxian's body turned into a gourd.

Boundless killing intent emerged from the gourd. Even the Wanxiang Shattering Rod's domineering spirituality trembled like a child in the face of this killing intent. Whoosh!

A flying knife appeared in the gourd. This flying knife shook the heavens, killing all immortals, demons, and gods. There was nothing it couldn't kill.

Anyone that was targeted by this flying knife, regardless of whether it was tangible or intangible, would die without a doubt. This was the number one killing treasure in the heavens, the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd.

Gu Chensha was killed by the true saber qi from the gourd. It was equivalent to him dying when he was slashed. But after his death, the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor was truly activated, fusing with the saber qi.

Originally, although Gu Chensha's killing strength was huge, he wasn't confident of slashing someone as pure as Abandoned Dwarf. This was because he wasn't able to fully utilize the strength of the knife energy.

But in the Legalism School's Dharma World, after he consumed a Hong Meng Saint Pill, things were totally different.

The Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd was formed from the Hong Meng Tree and the Hong Meng Saint Pill was refined from the Hong Meng Tree's fruit. This pill contained supreme mysteries and after Gu Chensha consumed it, he started to understand the secrets of the Hong Meng Tree.

Just like that, he used his Dao Realm 22 Transformation Technique, Astronomical Phenomenon to transform into the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd. The gourd appeared and the knife energy shot out.

Abandoned Dwarf was shocked and he felt extreme danger descend upon him. He had never felt so close to death before. He tried his best to change his form and tried to dodge the knife light. But it was like he was wrapped up in a nightmare and he was unable to move at all.

Since ancient times, there had never been a case of someone dodging the knife from the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd. The knife would definitely hit and the person would definitely die. Even with Xing Qiongshi's abilities, he was still sliced into pieces.

Only at this moment did Abandoned Dwarf realize how terrifying this saber was. The key was that Gu Chensha's saber Qi was not a simulation but the real saber Qi. Although it was only a sliver, if it was fully unleashed, it could kill gods.

That strand of Blade Qi had been sealed by the three Heavenly Venerables with their supreme powers and given to Dou Nineteen as their final trump card. Back then, if Dou Nineteen had not been forced into a corner by Martial Emperor and Gu Chensha, he would not have used it.

If not for the Heaven Talisman Emperor bloodline in Gu Chensha's body absorbing the knife energy, even Emperor Wu would have been killed by it.

Even then, Emperor Wu was hit by the remnant knife energy and was badly injured, causing his cultivation to drop. Emperor Wu's cultivation was at the 29 Transformation Realm and it was really terrifying. Peng!

From the moment Gu Chensha transformed into the gourd and used the knife energy to lock onto Abandoned Dwarf, that moment had passed. No matter how many changes the Dwarf Abandonment made, it was of no use. As expected, he was slashed by the knife light.

He didn't even have the chance to cry out. All his life, memories, luck, and even fate were slashed by the knife and snatched away.

Gu Chensha could control this saber energy with ease. He must have cultivated the Heavenly Dao technique. Abandoned Dwarf's body was slashed just like that. There was no suspense at all.

With his talent as a Saint Demon and his cultivation at the 26 Transformation Realm, 10,000 Techniques Back to One, he was slashed by Gu Chensha with one knife!

Gu Chensha transformed once more and saw that Abandoned Dwarf left an ancient ring. The ring seemed to be made of some kind of bone and it wasn't sliced by the knife energy.

With a wave of his hand, he grabbed the ring and put it back into the All Mammoths Shattering Cudgel.

Originally, nothing could survive the flying knife from the Celestial Slaying God Slaying Gourd. However, Gu Chensha only got a thread of knife energy and not the real gourd.

But something that could be left behind by that thread of knife energy was definitely a good treasure.

Gu Chensha's eyes were sharp and he knew right away that the ring was used to store items. Moreover, it was definitely the bones of an ancient expert. For example, The Great Spirit God Ring was forged from the bones of The Great Spirit God. With a successful strike, it disappeared right away.