Chapter 337
===========

"The three Heavenly Venerables are indeed sinister and cunning. They've already started scheming against us, and there will be many more schemes in the future. It's good to be able to scheme against them this once."

Jin Suibo said cheerfully, "Back then, many of the patriarchs of the 72 Mystical Sects were actually schemed against by the three Heavenly Venerables. For example, the patriarch of the Taiyi Mystical Sect, Heavenly Lord Taiyi, was extremely powerful, but he was also harmed by the three Heavenly Venerables.

The three Heavenly Venerables are the cancer of the world. If they don't die, the world won't be at peace. "

"The three Heavenly Venerables have always claimed that they are the embodiment of the Great Dao, that they are existences that split the world apart. Actually, they're just blowing their own trumpet. Many of the Mystical Sects don't respect them, but they're too weak."

Lou Baiyue said, "If we sow discord between the Mystical Sects and the three Heavenly Venerables, we might be able to get a good result." "Come, lend me a hand."

Zhuge Ya said, "We're far from being a match for the three Heavenly Venerables, so we have to hold back."

Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, Jin Suibo, and Zhuge Ya worked together and infused their primordial spirit power and Innate Stellar Energy into the Life's Wish Sphere. In the core, Zhuge Ya used some unknown method to detonate the Banishing Celestial Talisman. Buzz …

It was unknown what was happening within the Life's Wish sphere, but it started to expand violently, as though there was a burst of energy that wanted to destroy everything. Within that energy, three beams of light appeared. One was black, one was white, and the last one was resplendent like gold. These three powers represented parts of the restrictions of the three Heavenly Venerables. Gu Chensha said, "The will of the three Heavenly Venerables wants to seize our Life's Wish Sphere."

"I've already calculated it. Unfortunately, the Life's Wish Sphere not only contains the North Star Will, but also the power of the Death Protection Talisman.

The Death Immunity Talisman is the axle. It can combine the three Empyreans' restrictions with the will of the North Star Empire. They can work together, oppose each other, and explode and shake each other. This is equivalent to the three Empyreans helping us. "

Zhuge Ya said, "In ancient times, the three Celestials plotted against the previous Lord of Seven Stars. This time, I'm going to borrow the emperor's power to use them a little." Rumble!

The interior of the Common People's Wish sphere was completely filled with black, white, and gold light. Many of the array formations within seemed to be on the verge of melting. What the three Empyreans had secretly hidden within the Banishing Immortal Talisman had finally been exposed. However, right at that moment, another burst of Earth Law erupted from the depths of the core. This Law was the Law of the Earth. It bore the weight of all things and nurtured all living beings. This was the will of the North Star Empire. The North Star Continent represented Earth. Earth did not refer to soil, but to nurture, to bear the burden, and to live on endlessly.

The North Star Empire, the ancestor of all demons, was above the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise. The Laws of Earth contained the Laws of Metal, Wood, Water, and Fire.

Water flowed on the earth, and there were also flames on the earth. The soil contained metal, and above the soil, there was even wood. As soon as this Law of Earth was born, it actually resisted the restrictions of the three Empyreans.

However, as soon as the three Empyreans' restrictions sensed this Law of Earth, they were like flies that had seen blood.

They swooped over and transformed into a three-colored heavenly wheel, constantly grinding, wanting to completely refine this Law of Earth.

To the three Empyreans, the Law of Earth was an extremely precious existence. If the three Empyreans' power could devour the North Star Empire's will, refine the Law of Earth, and then fly back, they would most likely obtain a positive fruit that they would never be able to comprehend.

However, how could the North Star Empire's will be so easily devoured? The Law of Earth revolved violently, evolving into four other types of Laws.

The Five Elemental Laws were complete, forming a giant millstone that was grinding the three Empyreans' restrictions and power. The North Star Empire's will itself was only a remnant soul.

This remnant soul was very difficult to recover, but if it devoured the three Empyreans' restrictions, it might be able to recover a portion of its power.

This was because the three Empyreans were powerhouses that had surpassed the 36 Transformations and reached another realm.

The power of this realm was indescribably mysterious, and it could be used to restore the North Star Empire. Therefore, when the two sides collided, they had to destroy the other side to obtain an opportunity. This was also something that Zhuge Ya needed to calculate. This chess piece left behind by the three Empyreans would never let the North Star Empire's will go. The North Star Empire's will also not let go of this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.

In an instant, in the most mysterious core of the Life's Will sphere, which was originally the core of the Sky Demon Book, the battle had already turned heaven and earth upside down. It was as chaotic as cooking porridge, and the space-time inside was almost shattered.

The Banishing Immortal Talisman's own power couldn't disrupt space-time, but it contained the three Empyreans' will. This power surpassed that of a Sage.

"Suppress!"

Zhuge Ya suddenly waved his hand, and many ancient characters appeared. These characters were actually somewhat similar to the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art. They were actually divine abilities left behind by the previous Lord of Seven Stars. Everyone followed Zhuge Ya's thoughts and activated the Life's Will sphere. The power left behind by the Death Immunity Talisman was secretly activated.

From the inside to the outside of the sphere, a domineering will that could distort the Heavenly Dao immediately appeared.

"Jiang Gongwang, leave your unfulfilled wishes and will to me. I will avenge the three Empyreans' plot against you." Zhuge Ya suddenly formed a hand seal, as if opening a mysterious door.

Instantly, everyone saw a mysterious light shoot out from the depths of space-time, into the depths of his Nascent Spirit and sea of consciousness. These were the memories left behind by the previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang.

The previous Lord of Seven Stars was a profound schemer. Not only had he left behind vast memories in the depths of space-time, but he had also left behind a vast treasure trove for the next Lord of Seven Stars. By recruiting Zhuge Ya, the Calming Immortal Bureau had truly obtained an endless treasure trove.

If they could really find the first Lord of Seven Stars' treasure trove, it would be far better than obtaining the Heavenly Designer Institute.

Right now, Zhuge Ya was only comprehending its mysteries, and had obtained a few scattered memories. As his cultivation base increased, he would be able to obtain even more memories.

"Steal!"

Zhuge Ya's cultivation base continued to climb. "Your Highness, Princess, let's use our Nascent Spirits to meditate. Right now, the will of the North Star and the three Empyreans are fighting inside the sphere. Their memories will be branded into the sphere, and we can use this opportunity to obtain their secrets." RUMBLE! Everyone's psychic power merged into one, then seeped into the sphere.

In the blink of an eye, countless memories flooded into their minds. They felt as if they could see the Primeval Age of Chaos. The Endless Land floated through space-time, suppressing all heavens. It was the center of countless dimensions, and above it was the Divine Continent.

Countless primeval Primeval Beasts had fought against each other. The North Star had been born from the Primeval Dragon Gate, and had been born with the natural laws of the earth. At the same time, the three Empyreans had been born.

However, these memory fragments were fragmented and not very coherent. Nevertheless, everyone still benefited greatly from them.

This was a different perspective, a deeper understanding of the natural laws of heaven and earth, various daoist techniques, the Endless Land, and various space-time.

Finally, some of the memories of the previous Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, were transmitted into everyone's minds. Everyone had their own enlightenment. Even the tiniest fragment of these memories was a huge source of wealth.

"Hahahaha! I've finally gained enlightenment!" In the blink of an eye, Lou Baiyue devoured all of the memories, turning them into her own.

Her body suddenly dissipated. Her Golden Core vanished, and so did her fleshly body. Instead, she transformed into a stream of magic power that glowed like the moon. Silver light flowed down like quicksilver. Lou Baiyue transformed into a bright moon, as if she had returned to her original state.

She had originally been at the nineteen transformations of the Dao Realm, and could change size at will. Now that she had broken through, she had transformed her Golden Core and fleshly body into magic power. Once her magic power was complete, she stepped into a whole new level.

Any blade or sword, even ordinary iron, would become sharp after being imbued with spiritual energy. After being refined by Connate Astral Energy, meridians would appear. After being refined by the Nascent Divinity, they would become magical treasures. But if they were imbued with magic power, they would become truly powerful objects, and even change their own characteristics.

For example, people with powerful magic power could directly change the structure of matter, and turn ordinary iron into gold. This was what turning stone into gold was like. Only people with magic power could have such a realm.

Lou Baiyue's Astral Energy, Nascent Divinity, and fleshly body were all really strong. The three of them merged into one and turned into magic power. That was really amazing and limitless.

Her magic power turned into a bright moon that flew into the sky. She was really showing signs of being able to compete with the moon.

"Good, Princess Yuefu has finally comprehended the secrets of magic power and reached the twenty transformations of the Dao Realm." Zhuge Ya said, "From now on, it will be tough for anyone to kill you."

At the Size Manipulation Realm, although one's body could be big or small, the main body was still there. If one's head was sliced off, one would still die. At the twenty transformations, one would be a ball of magic power that was tough to kill. Honglong!

After Lou Baiyue broke through, her strength increased greatly. Her magic surged into the Common People's Wish Ball and opened up many formations that usually couldn't be opened. The entire ball spun at a crazy speed and the space around started to twist.

From the depths of space and time, energy surged over. This was what it looked like when the Great Massacre God Technique was activated to the limit.

Although Gu Chensha had obtained so much knowledge, he still wasn't able to break through in a short time. He had to merge the Nascent Divinity and magic power in his body to form a Golden Core in his chest. This was a meticulous process and he had to be careful.

But now that so much knowledge surged into his consciousness, as long as he digested it, his control of the Golden Core would be even purer. In the future, the Golden Core he cultivated would be even stronger and the risks would be lower.

Be it North Star Emperor, the previous Lord of Seven Stars Jiang Gongwang, or the three Celestial Venerables, Celestial Venerables Primordial Ancient, Celestial Venerables Putuo, and Celestial Venerables Victorious Fighting, they were all people who had surpassed the thirty-six transformations. They were people who didn't belong to the five elements. As long as one obtained a sliver of their memories, normal cultivators would be able to change their way of thinking and step into a whole new realm.