Chapter 631
===========

The battlefield would soon shift to the side of the Dharma Saint. Gu Chensha was just a lurker, trying to gain benefits in this complicated situation. He was very confident in his Dao of Theft.

In the Union of Ten Thousand Immortals, there were all kinds of people, most of whom had ulterior motives, and there were also spies from other forces. In short, Luan City was a mess. Even if Wan Senshi wanted to reorganize it, unless he sent out a large number of his own disciples to manage it, he would not be able to do anything. Of course, Wan Senshi's method was very clever.

By throwing out the Doomsday Salvation Scripture for people to comprehend, he could naturally select those who believed in the true meaning of doomsday salvation.

Moreover, he issued an order for people to fight against the Calming Immortal Department and capture them to see how much credit they could get.

With so many people, there would always be strong people who would stand out and become the backbone.

Gu Chensha observed the new Divine Land while reading the Doomsday Salvation Scripture, hoping to find out more of Wan Senshi's secrets.

Every word of the Doomsday Salvation Scripture was like a gem. After reading it, one would find themselves unable to stop. This wasn't some ancient scripture used to brainwash others, but it truly contained the true meaning of the Great Dao. Even if a Divinity level powerhouse were to read it, they would be able to tell just how brilliant it was. Even if the three Empyreans read it, they would still be able to tell that it wasn't some brainwashing and tempting scripture from the demonic path. At Wan Senshi's level, he would not play with fake things, and there was no need for him to.

What he taught was the true source of the Great Dao. Whoever could believe in his truth would surely gain benefits.

While reading, Gu Chensha did not dare to believe in it. He was very careful, fearing that he would fall into it. This showed the supreme power of the Doomsday Salvation Scripture.

However, this scripture was worth learning. As long as Gu Chensha did not indulge in it, he would be able to learn from it.

"Brother, your perception is indeed extraordinary. First, you've comprehended the Heaven Shocking Energy contained in the Heaven Shocking Bell, and then you've comprehended many truths of the Doomsday Salvation Scripture. It seems that you'll soon be able to cultivate it, and in the future, you'll surely get the favor of Wan Senshi, and your future will be limitless."

Just as Gu Chensha was observing and cultivating, a cultivator seemed to have noticed his strangeness. He flew down and landed beside him.

This was a female cultivator that wore plain colored muslin clothes, causing her to seem fresh and elegant, and she played with a feather fan in her hand. It was unknown what feather this feather fan was made from, but it overflowed with multicolored light and was extremely exquisite. It was obviously a good Magic Treasure with a single glance.

"Oh." Gu Chensha came back to his senses. "Miss, you're too polite."

He wandered around the New Divine Continent and showed a bit of difference. He was confident that he could attract the attention of some forces.

He alone could stir up a storm in the New Divine Land and ruin Wan Senshi's Great Ceremony of Salvation.

"My name is Yi Yu."

This female cultivator looked to be around 25 or 26 years old. She was very young and had a delicate appearance. However, no one could tell how old she was.

On the surface, this woman seemed to have cultivated the 20th Dao Realm Transformation, the Gathering and Dispersing Realm. However, in Gu Chensha's opinion, this woman was not as simple as she seemed.

Through his Heavenly Dao Technique, he could see that the depths of this woman's inner core seemed to contain extremely terrifying power. Even the Longevity God and Martial Emperors could not compare.

"This is a big shot." Gu Chensha immediately made a judgment.

"Transformation Fruit?"

Then, he could tell that this woman was probably like Dou Nineteen and the Longevity God. She had consumed the Transformation Fruit that had condensed on the Hong Meng Tree. Even the most brilliant Sages could not see the changes in them.

The ability of the Transformation Fruit did not stop there. It had many other functions, such as increasing the flexibility of one's Magic Power and toughening the power of the world. There were many benefits, and this fruit was only below the Hong Meng Sacred Fruit. It was also a rare supreme treasure.

"Looks like my Fortune, Prosperity, and Longevity Divine Arts have combined into one, creating an appearance of great fortune. It still attracted the attention of a giant."

Gu Chensha's "Unfettered Flowing Void" secretly used the divine technique of the Longevity God and the Fortune God that he had seen from the Longevity God. This allowed him to display his strong luck.

As long as one was a god-grade expert or a more powerful Sage, they would be able to see that Gu Chensha's luck was like a torrential flood. This was the so-called "flood of good fortune." Good fortune was like a flood.

It had to be said that the divine technique of the Longevity God and the Fortune God was simply unimaginable. After cultivating it, not only would one's Magic Power improve greatly, but one's luck would also increase. If one encountered any misfortune, they would be able to turn it into a blessing.

With his Heavenly Dao Technique, Gu Chensha had already comprehended it thoroughly. If he made a move now, he would have an 80-90% chance of obtaining all of the Longevity God's Magic Power. He had delayed doing so because he was fishing and setting up a trap. Now, with the good fortune that he had simulated, a big shot had finally taken the bait. This female cultivator called "Yi Yu" had taken a fancy to him.

After all, the "flood of good fortune" that he had displayed would be very useful in the Divine Central Continent, and he might even obtain some good treasures.

"I am Unfettered Flowing Void, an itinerant cultivator. Greetings, Miss Yi Yu." Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "I wonder how Miss Yi Yu could tell that I had cultivated the Heaven Shocking Energy."

"Brother Flowing Void's entire body is vibrating. Unknowingly, you have an aura that can shock the world. This is a typical sign that you have cultivated the Heaven Shocking Energy."

The female cultivator also exuded the aura of the Heaven Shocking Energy. "I have also cultivated the Heaven Shocking Energy. I was excited to see you, so I came down to greet you." "I see."

Gu Chensha said, "I thought I was the only one who could comprehend the secret of the Heaven Shocking Bell. I didn't expect there to be so many heroes in the world." "You jest, Fellow Daoist," Yi Yu said.

"I am also an itinerant cultivator, and I have a bit of luck. But legend has it that after cultivating the Heaven Shocking Energy, you can condense your magic power into the shape of the Heaven Shocking Bell and unleash immense power. The more people who cultivate it, the stronger they will be when they work together.

You and I have both cultivated the Heaven Shocking Energy, and if we work together, our power will increase by more than just double. Given the current situation, why don't we work together and make a name for ourselves in the Divine Central Continent? "

"Miss Yi Yu, could it be that you want to go to the Divine Central Continent to obtain a fortuitous encounter, capture people from the Celestial Calmness Bureau, and receive a reward from Lord Wan Senshi?"

Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "The counterattack from the Celestial Calmness Bureau is no small matter. I'm afraid we won't be a match for them. I know that in the Divine Central Continent, every province has a General of the People. He is an expert with an undying body of twenty-five transformations, and legend has it that he has reached the fifth stage of the True Dragon Art. The quality of his magic power is the same as that of the ancient Sons of Heaven. In the same realm, four or five of them wouldn't be a match for him. In fact, if it weren't for the True Dragon Art, even two hundred and sixty thousand spells in one wouldn't be a match for him. If we go, we'll be sending ourselves to our deaths. I'm afraid there's nothing I can do about it. " "Of course we're not going to capture people from the Celestial Calmness Bureau," Yi Yu said.

"This sort of head-on battle is naturally left to the large factions and aristocratic families. We won't do it.

The main thing is to go to the Divine Central Continent to find treasures. In this era where fortuitous encounters are everywhere, if we come up empty-handed, wouldn't we be wasting our time? " "That's true. I've already cultivated the Size Manipulation of the Nineteen Transformations.

Next is the most difficult stage, which is to completely merge the golden core with the physical body and turn it into magic power. This stage is extremely difficult, and countless cultivators are stuck at this stage. If they're not careful, they'll be turned to dust. If I have a fortuitous encounter in the Divine Central Continent, I might be able to break through this stage quickly. "Gu Chensha sighed.

When he possessed this "Unfettered Drifting Void," this person was still a Golden Core cultivator of the eighteen transformations. But Gu Chensha had purposely mastered the Startling Heaven force and secretly increased his cultivation level, making this person even more useful.

If Gu Chensha left this person's body, then this person's cultivation level would still be at the nineteen transformation. It would be compensation for having possessed him.

Of course, after Gu Chensha left this person's body, he would definitely send this person to the Small Divine Prefecture. This was a valuable expert.

"The stage of cultivating magic power is indeed very dangerous, and there's a slim chance of survival. But if we have a fortuitous encounter, then it'll be much easier. Why don't we form a small team? I've even called a few fellow daoists. If we form a team, we can contact each other if we run into danger." Whoosh! A cultivator descended from the sky. It was a young man.

"This is Dou Nineteen!"

Gu Chensha could immediately tell that the man who had descended from the sky was Dou Nineteen, but he had changed his appearance.

"This is also an itinerant cultivator, Mie Chenzi. He has also cultivated the Heaven Shocking Energy," Yi Feather introduced.

"Mie Chenzi?"

When Gu Chensha saw the Mie Chenzi that Dou Nineteen had transformed into, he immediately knew that Mie Chenzi wanted to destroy him. Mie Chenzi was the person who had destroyed Gu Chensha.

"Big Sister, why did you find this person?"

Dou Nineteen landed, and with a slight movement, an illusion appeared, wrapping around Gu Chensha. In the illusion, he appeared to be greeting Gu Chensha, while his real body said to Yi Yu, "Could it be that this person encountered some sort of good fortune?" "You piece of trash."

Yi Feather wasn't polite at all. "Even the Dragon Cultivation Technique and Dragon Creation Technique were taken away. Now that the Celestial Tranquility Department has grown so much stronger, everyone is cultivating it. Father has to bear the consequences. I'll settle this score with you sooner or later."

"Don't be angry, Big Sister. I had no choice. That Gu Chensha cultivated the Heavenly Dao and played me in the palm of his hand. What could I have done?" Dou Nineteen bowed repeatedly. He was very afraid of this feather.