Chapter 284
===========

Gu Chensha's was the Heaven Mending Technique. If the Heaven Dao was lacking, people would fill it up.

Lou Baiyue comprehended something even more overbearing. That was the Common People Reforming Heaven Technique.

If the Heaven Dao couldn't adapt to the times, then it would be up to common people to reform the Heaven Heart. It would allow the Heaven Heart to adapt to the new universe. Such ambition was the essence of the Heaven Talisman Emperor's thoughts.

Lou Baiyue comprehended this Dao and cultivated the Golden Core of the Great Dao of the Eighteen Changes of the Dao Realm. Gu Chensha only felt a power that was like a mountain, like an ocean, like a prison. It was vast and endless. It directly shattered the two stars. Along with the profoundness of the two stars, Houtian Sin and Earth Evil, all turned into the purest source that entered the depths of his and Lou Baiyue's consciousness.

Gu Chensha didn't know what had happened to him. He only sensed that his consciousness was expanding. His Mental Energy reached 100,000 before stopping. It started to wriggle and condense like mist turning into dew. Kacha kacha …

In his consciousness, the Mental Energy tangled with one another and formed a human shape. This was a real human shape and not an illusion.

The humanoid figure leaped out from his sea of wisdom. Then, it emerged from the top of his head. Gu Chensha was able to see his own body. He could see everything else. This was the Dao Realm 14 Transformation, the soul leaving the body.

He absorbed a portion of the mysteries of the two stars and trained his Mental Energy many times before finally turning it into soul power. Moreover, this wasn't the only benefit.

His Primordial Spirit was extremely condensed and far more tenacious than other cultivators of the 14th Transformation.

His soul wasn't afraid of lightning, magnetic fields, wind, etc. It could even absorb those things for its own use. This was already the ability of the Heaven Eye Floating Realm.

But he hadn't reached the Heaven Eye Floating Realm. Instead, he was at the Soul Leaving Body 14 Transformation. But because his soul was too strong, it was much stronger than other cultivators.

Gu Chensha's soul dove into his consciousness. He sat there and understood the various abilities of the 14 Transformations. He split a portion of his soul power to activate the Dragon Gate.

Indeed, in that instant, the entire Dragon's Gate emanated an extremely horrifying might that could devour the entire Heaven and Earth.

In that instant, an unknown amount of Spiritual Qi in the air was sucked into the Dragon Gate. In the depths of the Dragon Gate, a crystal was formed. The crystal was so solid that it was no longer transparent, but black like a vortex.

This was no longer a Spirit Crystal, but a highly concentrated crystal formed from countless layers of Spirit Crystals compressed together.

Those Heaven Mending Divine Generals also began to transform. The astral energy in their bodies swallowed and spat out, condensing inch by inch and emitting a resplendent radiance that was like a scorching sun. It illuminated the depths of the dragon gate until there was not a trace of darkness left.

The Dragon Nurturing Energy within the Dragon's Gate was constantly being produced. It actually showed signs of condensing into Dragon Nurturing Pills.

The moment he reached the 14th transformation, Yuan Spirit Projection, Gu Chensha used the power of his soul to enter the Dragon Gate. He realized that there were many powers that weren't flowing smoothly. Many treasures were being refined and they weren't truly merged with each other.

However, now, as long as he activated his primordial spirit and refined it for a long time, the dragon gate would become more and more profound, without any flaws.

"I have finally cultivated the primordial spirit.

Once the primordial spirit is formed, I will have the power of the primordial spirit. It will be much easier for me to refine treasures, peer into the void, comprehend dao techniques, condense astral energy, and catalyze my body. "Gu Chensha had already sensed the benefits of the power of the primordial spirit. At that moment, Lou Baiyue's Golden Core also entered the Dragon Gate.

That Golden Core was like a blazing sun, producing endless flames that burned within the Dragon Gate. In front of the Golden Core, the Heaven Mending Divine General's light was like a firefly. It couldn't compete with the blazing sun at all.

"Golden Core Dao, change the heavens, change the world, change it, and change it." Lou Baiyue hollered.

"The power of the primordial spirit, nourish the heavens, stabilize the world, and stabilize the world." Gu Chensha also activated it with all his might.

Their cultivations, one positive and one negative, combined together to form a perfect Taiji. There were no flaws at all.

The two of them worked together once more to form the Dragon Gate. In an instant, the Dragon Gate expanded and shrunk tens of thousands of times. In the end, it turned into a small door that stood in front of the two of them.

In the depths of this door, some kind of musical notes and movements were born. They were extremely pleasant to listen to, cleansing the body and mind. The Dragon Gate evolved once more.

The two great stars disappeared, and the Heavenly Sin and Earthly Evil all disappeared. Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue looked at each other. They were both very satisfied.

They didn't expect to obtain the profound mysteries of two stars just like that. It seemed that although the descent of the thousands of stars would cause endless tribulations, it would also help many people. Tribulations were also opportunities. It depended on whether one could grasp them or not.

It was impossible for the Heavenly Dao to calculate everything. It would be interfered with by others. In the unseen world, they would seize the flaws and steal the power of the heavens. There were five thieves in the sky, and those who saw them would prosper. One could become a thief and steal the heavens. That could be said to be the supreme Dao.

The so-called jumping out of the three realms, not within the five elements, and surpassing the thirty-six transformations.

"How refreshing. So refining the profound mysteries of the stars actually has so many benefits." Lou Baiyue said, "No wonder those old antiques are looking for people who reincarnated with stars."

"That's not all. After merging with the profound mysteries of the stars, our future path of cultivation will be even smoother, and our nascent divinities will be even more difficult to destroy."

Gu Chensha knew that he hadn't used up all of his potential. The profound mysteries of the stars were very mysterious, and refining them right now was only the surface effect. In fact, there was even more potential hidden in his sea of consciousness and nascent divinity. One day, he would truly be able to unlock it.

"This time, it was pure luck. Who could have guessed that the conjoined twins would have a pair of Sinful Stars hidden in their seas of consciousness?" Lou Baiyue sighed. "I'm afraid even the old antiques wouldn't have been able to divine such a thing."

"This is our luck," Gu Chensha said. "But I also feel like we're afraid that a great tribulation is coming, and that extreme joy will turn to sorrow." Instead of feeling happy, he became even more cautious.

"Extreme joy turns to sorrow."

Lou Baiyue clapped her hands. "That's a good way to describe it. What we have now are the Twin Sinful Stars. After refining them, you'll reach the Fourteen Transformations, and I'll reach the Golden Core of the Great Dao.

Our luck has reached the pinnacle, but I'm afraid that extreme joy turns to sorrow. The appearance of the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, will be a calamity for the Celestial Calmness Department. "

"Be careful. Since we're mentally prepared, we can deal with it. Tribulations often come without you even realizing it. By the time you realize it, it'll be too late."

Gu Chensha said, "As long as we take everything into consideration, we can reduce the tribulation to its lowest level."

"It's said that even a wise man can make a mistake," said Lou Baiyue. "Even if we take every conceivable possibility into account, I'm afraid there will still be some oversights."

"But that doesn't matter," said Lou Baiyue. "I'm curious to see what kind of tribulation will turn our extreme joy into sorrow."

"Let's not talk about that for now. I just had a long, honest talk with Bao Ming 'er. She wants to join the Celestial Calmness Department, and I've already agreed. Now that she's pretending to be courteous with Gu Tanjian, I have a plan that should work. Now that our power has increased, our chances of success are even higher.

If we can swindle some of Gu Tanjian's resources out of him, we'll have a better chance. "Gu Chensha continued," My Dragon Gate is only capable of producing Dragon Cultivation Pills. That's obviously not enough.

"And Gu Shengjian directly possesses the Dragon Creation Pill, which can directly accelerate a person from a fool to an unrivaled genius. If I can obtain the Dragon Creation Pill and feed it to the Dragon Gate, I'll be able to reverse the situation and push the Dragon Gate to a higher level." "That's feasible.

Gu Tanjian, that little bastard, has too many tricks up his sleeves. He's sinister and crafty, and he even has a mysterious backer behind him. He hasn't launched a fatal attack yet because he's not confident. But the longer he gathers his strength, the stronger it will be. "Lou Baiyue was already on guard." We have to use all sorts of methods to weaken him. "

"That's only natural. Let's support Bao Ming 'er at any time." Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue continued their discussion. Outside the Great Wall, in Crown Prince Gu Hengsha's fief. Bao Ming 'er appeared.

Although this fief belonged to the Crown Prince, in reality, it was single-handedly fought for by the army led by Gu Zingjian. At this time, the Crown Prince, Gu Hengsha, had already lost all his power and was reflecting on his mistakes behind closed doors. He could not make friends with the ministers, let alone discuss politics.

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor had reprimanded him and ordered him to study in seclusion. Since that was the case, he really couldn't come out to stir up trouble. However, Gu Tanjian's fief had far surpassed his father's in terms of development.

As Bao Ming 'er entered the fief, she saw that the roads were paved with stone and mud. Other than that, there were iron carriages everywhere, resembling centipedes or dragons, spewing black smoke and flames as they whizzed past, filled with all sorts of resources and captives.

The roads were crisscrossed and crisscrossed, resembling a net. Cities were built on both sides of the roads. They were actually a mix of steel and stone, and were exceptionally sturdy, capable of withstanding thousands of soldiers and horses.

The shops were connected to each other, and the rivers had also been excavated. Huge reservoirs were built, purified by various methods, and supplied to the commoners and shops through pipelines. The waste water was also collected in huge waste ponds through the pipelines, purified once again, so that it wouldn't be polluted.

In this fiefdom, efficiency and speed were the most important. There were many people coming and going, and the pace of life was very fast. After entering this fiefdom, Bao Ming 'er had a feeling that everyone was speeding up, burning their own lives to increase efficiency and contribute to the construction of this fiefdom.

Within the fief, there were also farming, livestock, medicine, weapons, armor, and other industries. The development of this fief was actually in no way inferior to Gu Chensha's fief. The only thing that this fief couldn't compare to Gu Chensha's fief was the amount of earth vein qi.

In the depths of Gu Chensha's fief, the earth vein qi was extremely dense, and there were even signs of dragons and snakes. This was the result of the Xuanwu Saint Beast's breathing exercises. No matter how powerful Gu Tanjian was, it would be impossible for him to obtain a saint beast.