Chapter 989
===========

"The Fourth, your cultivation is progressing rapidly. You're in the Heavenly Realm now, but in the years to come, it's very likely that you'll reach the Heavenly Path Realm, and reach an unimaginable realm. As long as you reach the seventh level of the Immortal Realm, the True Immortal Realm, and condense the power of the True Immortal Realm to the limit, under some kind of coincidence, you'll be able to cultivate the will and power of the Heavenly Realm. Then, you'll be able to create the Heavenly Realm within your body. Finally, you'll accumulate the power of the Immortal Realm and inject it into your Heavenly Realm, giving birth to the sun, moon, stars, the Divine Central Continent, and the Four Wilds.

But it's not so easy to reach the Heavenly Path Realm. Even if you reach the eighth level of the Immortal Realm, it's impossible without the help of all sorts of variables. Currently, I'm the only one in the entire universe who has reached the Heavenly Path Realm. The Fourth, you and the Emperor Of Heaven have both reached the Heavenly Realm, and this realm is very profound, far beyond the ordinary Heavenly Realm. For example, people like the Dharma Saint, Wu Dangkong, Zhang Ziran, and Zhang Yiren have all reached the Heavenly Realm, but they're still far behind you and the Emperor Of Heaven. But The Fourth, do you want to stop me? "

Gu Chensha looked at his brother and shook his head, because he realized that his brother and his ideals didn't match. This was a problem of the path.

In the past, the two of them could work together, but now that their cultivation had reached the highest level, their paths and ideals conflicted. This was an irreconcilable contradiction. Gu Chensha's Dragonless Cultivation Method had created a realm that no one could understand.

No one could understand it. It seemed that at the end of this realm, there would be nothing left, but this was indeed the path of transcendence. It was just that they couldn't understand it. But The Fourth, Gu Huasha, didn't think so. He seemed to have a different philosophy.

"Old Nineteen, your idea is actually to destroy the world. Do you know that?

Everyone can reach your level. Everyone has great freedom and freedom. This is no different from destruction. The entire Heaven and Earth, the universe, the changes of time and space, all of them have lost their meaning of existence. Do you know that the current Heaven and Earth, the universe, and the human world exist?

In fact, they were all born from the greed, anger, and obsession of all living beings. Without the lust of all living beings, there would be no world, no future, and everything would be destroyed in the end.

Why do I support Zhang Ziran? Because he supports the human world. He has always believed that the reason why humans are humans is because they have seven emotions and six desires, happiness, anger, sorrow, and joy. These emotions form all kinds of happiness, sorrow, separation, and reunion. How exquisite is this? The fate of humans intersects with each other and influences each other. In the end, it also follows some kind of fate. This is so interesting. But you, you want to destroy all of this.

I absolutely won't allow it. According to your way of thinking, if everyone is self-sufficient and doesn't interfere with each other, if everyone has great freedom, if everyone is close to the void, then what's the point of the world? What was the point of existence?

This is something that can never be achieved. The moment you achieve it, it will be the moment of destruction. "

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, said, "However, it's impossible for me to convince you now. Because at your level, it's impossible to be convinced.

I want to maintain the order of the world. After the collapse of the Heavenly Dao and Father Emperor, I want the human world to recover its stability and not be destroyed in the end. But you want to destroy it even more thoroughly than the great collapse. This is something I absolutely won't allow. " "Not bad, not bad. Actually, I could tell that you had this idea a long time ago."

Gu Chensha nodded. "Presently, the Mortal Dimension is extremely brilliant and intense. It's filled with sorrow, joy, separation, and happiness, and the rise of destiny to the extreme. It's like numerous beautiful dreams and plays, and it's peerlessly brilliant.

But in the end, you have to wake up from the dream. People can't always live in a dream, they have to recognize themselves.

But let's not talk about this. The Fourth, your cultivation has already reached such a level. Actually, as long as you fuse with the Emperor Of Heaven and devour his will, you will also be able to reach the Heavenly Dao Realm. But I'm afraid that the two of you have one heart and two images, both of you want to devour each other. But your ideals are still the same. Both of you want to maintain the order of the world, but there are some slight deviations. The Emperor Of Heaven has pushed the idea of supervision to the extreme, and you, on the other hand, think that you can relax a little, and relax when the time is tight, right? "

"Indeed, I enjoy the various beautiful things in the world. The relationship between people, immortals and demons, gods and demons, ghosts and humans, their entanglement is the best play. I watch everything in the human world, and it's enjoyment.

Without all of this, I can't imagine how terrifying it would be. "The Fourth, Gu Huasha, said," So I have to stop you. " "That's enough."

Gu Chensha waved his hand dismissively. "I don't want to do anything to you right now, The Fourth. Of course, you cultivate my Dragonless Mental Technique, and will eventually walk my path." "Your Dragonless Mental Technique is nothing more than a reference to me.

I already have something of my own, and in the end, we will have to clash. You are the greatest destroyer of the order of Heaven and Earth, and the source of the destruction of the world. You are the enemy of fate. "" I created fate.

"I created fate," said Gu Chensha. "Look at the river of fate. Everything in the world moves according to my will. You can't stop it. The only thing you can do is follow the flow of the river." Gu Chensha's body flickered, and he vanished, leaving the place.

Right now, he wasn't planning on suppressing the Fourth. It wasn't that he couldn't suppress him, but that if he did, the river of fate he had painstakingly created would collapse. That was because the Fourth's fate was a part of the river, and he had arranged a fixed path for it. The Fourth and the Emperor Of Heaven couldn't escape. In the river of fate he had created …

The Emperor Of Heaven and the Fourth were the most powerful existences, and they occupied a very important part of the river. If he killed them, it would be the equivalent of overturning his hundred-year plan. The gains wouldn't make up for the losses.

Everyone had their own fate. The lives of nobodies were like microorganisms in the river of fate. The bigger people, such as Gods and Saints, were like little fish and shrimps in the river of fate.

Celestial Sovereigns, Heavenly Lifespans, and Heavenly Primal Cultivators were like big fish in the river of fate. Heavenly Realm cultivators were like dragons in the river of fate.

As for the Emperor Of Heaven and the Fourth, they were like true dragons in the river of fate. They were ready to escape the control of the river of fate at any time.

Of course, the Fourth Gu Huasha and the Emperor Of Heaven couldn't be restrained by their previous fate.

But now, the new River of Fate was created by Gu Chensha. This River of Fate was much more powerful than the previous River of Fate created by the Heavenly Dao. Even the Fourth and the Emperor Of Heaven couldn't escape its shackles. In the Heavenly Court. The Fourth and the Emperor Of Heaven met again.

"A hundred years have passed."

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "The Human Realm has become a whole new structure. Countless experts have emerged, and in the future, there will be existences that can threaten you and me."

"That's not a big deal. What I'm worried about is that our fates have been arranged." The Fourth Gu Huasha waved his hand, and an image of the River of Fate appeared in the void. This River of Fate was vast and bottomless. It surged forward. In the river, destiny floated up and down, driven by the river.

And in the river of fate, the largest destiny condensed into the shape of a dragon. This dragon was so huge that it could be seen clearly in the river. This dragon in the river of fate actually had two heads.

The two-headed dragon roared as it tried to break free from the river of fate. However, every time it tried to fly, it would be bound by the river of fate. It would fall back into the river, and it would be forced to follow the river's path.

"Look, that two-headed dragon represents our destiny in the river of fate. Even with our current strength, we can't break free from the river of fate." The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "If we continue like this, we might be controlled by Gu Chensha." "How terrifying."

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "In the past hundred years, Gu Chensha actually linked the fate of all living beings, heaven and earth, us, and the Heavenly Court together to form a new River of Fate.

This is terrifying. Ever since Gu Taxian was born, the Heavenly Dao has been weakened. The River of Fate collapsed, and in the end, so many people appeared and caused the situation to go out of control. But now, Gu Chensha has reorganized the threads of fate. At this moment, he is the new Heavenly Dao. "

"That's right. The order created by the Heavenly Court isn't worth mentioning in front of the River of Fate. Back then, you created the Three Corpse Gods to oversee the Human Realm, but you couldn't gather the threads of fate to form a river."

The Fourth Gu Chensha said, "But we don't need to worry about this. In the future, something even more terrifying will will be born that will destroy the River of Fate. And look, we aren't the only ones who want to escape the River of Fate. For example, those two flood dragons?"

As they spoke, two flood dragons roared in the River of Fate. One was male, the other was female. The bodies of these two flood dragons seemed to contain some kind of terrifying will that could destroy everything. In essence, it even surpassed the destiny of the Fourth Gu Huasha and the Emperor Of Heaven.

"This is the fate of Zhang Yiren and the Grand Plume Sand. Both of them have been infiltrated by that terrifying will, and both of them have been refined by Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha imprisoned Gu Daoxian, along with the terrifying will in his body, and reincarnated into Zhang Yiren. As for the Grand Plume Sand, after Gu Chensha extracted all of her cultivation, he returned it to her. This is actually also imprisoning the will of that terrifying thing.

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "Gu Chensha successfully created the River of Fate, causing everyone's fate to roll forward according to his will. Nobody can jump out. Now, his strength has reached a level that we can't even fathom."