Chapter 413
===========

"What's the deal?" asked Zhuge Ya.

"The Simians are willing to pay taxes in good faith to keep the imperial court running.

However, you must release Yuan Shasheng's incarnation and the Great Ape King's true body. You must also withdraw from the Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos. You must also set boundaries and refrain from invading the Simians' forests. What do you say? " "Very well thought out."

When Gu Chensha heard this, he chuckled. "I've already taken over the Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos. There's a lot of wealth in there, and I'm prepared to empty it all out. Then, I can use the temple as a foundation to develop a huge city. This is the territory of the Great Yongchō Court. Withdrawing is out of the question." "Your Highness, you're right."

Zhuge Ya waved his hand and said, "Since you want to reconcile, your proposal is not sincere at all. Moreover, the bloodline of the Demonic Apes in this area is the descendants of the Demonic Ape Deity of Chaos. The group of monkeys with the bloodline of the Demonic Ape Deity of Chaos are not here. Instead, they live in the deeper parts of the forest. The four ancient Divine Apes actually do not get along with each other very well. They fight each other very fiercely. If I remember correctly, you and the Demonic Ape Deity of Chaos are also enemies. Why stand up for him?

The way I see it, you should take advantage of this opportunity to take over his descendants and increase the power of your Tribe. " "Are you trying to divide us?

The Simians are a single entity. Even if we have internal strife, it's our own business. If we're invaded, we have to work together against a common enemy. "

The Yin-Yang Ghost Ape wasn't moved by Zhuge Ya's flowery words in the slightest. Instead, it said in a harsh voice, "You humans are divided into factions in the imperial court. But if you run into a Devil Apocalypse, are you going to kill each other?" "Good. Very good. The Yin-Yang Ghost Ape is a reasonable man."

Zhuge Ya did some calculations. "How about this. I'll also propose a hundred years' worth of taxes to the Immortal Calmness Bureau. At the same time, the Yin-Yang Ghost Ape, Thousand Transformations Stone Ape, and Vajra Fighting Ape will sign an agreement not to invade each other. You'll pay tribute every year, and you'll send experts to fight back against the Devil Apocalypse."

"Lord of Seven Stars, you talk a lot," said the Yin-Yang Ghost Ape, his voice tinged with killing intent.

"Don't worry, I still have something to say."

Zhuge Ya said, "The Ape Tribe will definitely benefit from this. That is, when the Emperor comes out of seclusion, I will present a memorial to you and reward you. Each of the three great Ape Gods will be granted a thousand years of lifespan. Also, the Ape Tribe can have a share of the demon that you kill and feed the Heavenly Demon Tree to the altar in the Demon Area. What do you think? Of course, you three divine apes can also learn the Sky Demon Secret Technique. " The Yin Yang Ghost Ape looked at Zhuge Ya without saying a word. Clearly, he was a little tempted.

The mystic techniques in the Skyfey Book were a huge temptation to any Fey. Furthermore, the Skyfey Tree could produce many treasures that were very useful to Gods.

"I know that the Demon Race's holy land is the Nest of Myriad Dragons. Li Wanlong has wild ambitions and wants to unify the demons of a thousand mountains and ten thousand rivers. He wants to become a peerless hegemon and accomplish an unprecedented feat. Your Ape Tribe will be the first to submit to him. Unfortunately, you four Ape Gods don't want to submit to him. If you cooperate with the Immortal Calmness Bureau, the Ape Tribe will only benefit."

Gu Chensha could tell that the Demon Race's internal strife was extremely brutal, far more complicated than the factional struggles of the human court.

"The Heavenly Talisman Emperor still exists.

There's no doubt about that, "said the Yin-Yang Ghost Ape slowly." If he weren't here, the three Celestials would have long since made their move, and the Chaotic Demonic Ape God's seal would have been broken. Your conditions are very generous. Just the fact that you can extend our lifespan by a thousand years is already very valuable. Everything else is secondary. " "Do as you see fit, Yin-Yang Ghost Ape."

Zhuge Ya didn't seem prepared to explain any further. "The Skyfey Tree has many secrets. Even if I told you the Skyfey Secret Art, you wouldn't be able to grow a Skyfey Tree. The Skyfey Tree is fused with the Central Wutu Great Virtue Flag, the bloodlines of the five Sacred Beasts, and a host of other supreme treasures.

If the Skyfey Tree matures, it will be of great help to your Ape Tribe. For example, if the Skyfey Tree produces a Skyfey Human Transformation Fruit and gives it to your Ape Tribe, then you'll completely transform into humans. That's the ultimate evolution.

In addition, the Imperial Court's treasury also has the fruit of the Grandmist Tree. If it's refined into a medicinal pill, can you imagine the benefits? " "Very good."

The Yin-Yang Ghost Ape suddenly laughed. "In that case, let's sign an agreement. However, we still need to discuss the specifics. Lord of Seven Stars, do you dare to leave the Common People's Wish Sphere and come to our Mount Sumeru to sign an agreement?" "If Mr. Zhuge wants to cultivate the Heavenly Demon Tree, I can."

Gu Chensha suddenly said, "I've long heard of ancient secrets. Originally, the four great apes lived in Mount Meru. This mountain is an ancient divine mountain that contains the supreme mysteries of the universe. It is one of the heavenly pillars of the Land of Infinity. Later on, the Demon Ape of Chaos became a god and left the Land of Infinity to reach the God Realm, leaving you three great apes to cultivate. Did you invite us to see our sincerity? " "I don't know if you dare," the Yin Yang Ghost Ape said.

"Of course I dare," Gu Chensha said.

"Good, you have guts. Us brothers also want to see how heroic the son of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is."

The Yin Yang Ghost Ape exclaimed in admiration, "As long as you dare to come to Mount Meru where we brothers live, so what if we three brothers agree to your request? There's no problem with the Simian Tribe paying taxes for a hundred years. The land surrounding the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple will also be given to you. " "Your Highness, this is a dangerous trip. Demons have never been trustworthy." Zhuge Ya frowned.

"My cultivation has reached a bottleneck. I can use this chance to break through. I want to see what dangers there are."

Gu Chensha waved his hand, "Besides, I've already reached an agreement with the Xing Qiong Tribe. I won't die so easily." "That's fine. I have my own plans."

Zhuge Ya calculated for a moment, "Your Highness is very ambitious. In order to cultivate the Heavenly Dao, you must experience many things. This negotiation with the Simian Tribe will be a great training." "In that case, I'll go to Mount Meru now," Gu Chensha said to the Yin Yang Ghost Ape.

"Very good, very courageous indeed. As long as you dare to come to my Mount Meru, I will prepare a feast to welcome you." The Yin Yang Ghost Ape gave a thumbs up.

"Release Yuan Shasheng, Great Ape King."

Gu Chensha reached out and threw the two sealed existences out of the Common People's Wish sphere. He didn't let the Heavenly Demon Tree absorb them, instead releasing them. "Yin Yang Ghost Ape, our Tranquil Immortal Department is negotiating with your Simian Tribe. We've already shown enough sincerity. I hope that when I come to Mount Meru, you will do the same. "

The Yin Yang Ghost Ape's expression changed. He hadn't expected that Gu Chensha would release Yuan Shasheng and the Great Ape King just like that.

"This kid has great ambitions. He doesn't care about the gains and losses of a city or land. He has the courage to rule the world. He will become a great person in the future." Even though the Yin Yang Ghost Ape was a Deity Realm expert, he couldn't control this kid.

Little did he know that Gu Chensha had battled with the Xing Qiong Tribe for a month at the bottom of the sea. He had long since honed his schemes. Although the Yin Yang Ghost Ape was powerful, the difference between him and the Xing Qiong Tribe was like the difference between heaven and earth.

"Do you know the location of Mount Meru?" the Yin Yang Ghost Ape asked.

"I know all about these ancient secrets. I know the location of Mount Meru very well." Gu Chensha said confidently.

"Then I will await your arrival." The Yin Yang Ghost Ape's body finally disappeared.

"Mister Zhuge, why do you think the Yin Yang Ghost Ape wants us to go to Mount Meru to sign a contract? Is there something fishy going on?"

The Fourth frowned. "You can't trust the words of monsters. Moreover, the Yin Yang Ghost Ape is the most cunning one." "I know about this."

A playful smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face. "However, the ape race's problem must be solved. Only then can we have no worries. Otherwise, our fief will be adjacent to the ape race's territory. Even if we banish the ape race now, they will come back. If we can reach an agreement with the ape race, it will be extremely beneficial for us.

We can also sow discord between the ape race and the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons. We can buy a lot of time for the world to be peaceful and for the Devil Disaster to break out. "

"However, if we encounter danger, the Three Godly Apes are not people you can handle. The power of the Common People's Wish Sphere won't be able to reach them." The Fourth was still worried.

"So, I am going to find Wen Hong."

A deep smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face. "Wen Hong and my mother are friends. He has always taken care of me. Moreover, I can reach an agreement with him. For example, the Xing Qiongshi's memory. If I cooperate with him, he will not plot against me." "So, you already have a plan!" The Fourth nodded. "I thought you were being reckless." "I won't be reckless."

Gu Chensha's face darkened. "I'll join forces with Wen Hong. If these three old Ape Deities are scheming against us, we'll just eliminate them. I believe that the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong can suppress the Three Godly Apes. The Three Godly Apes are actually almost out of energy. " "That's a good plan."

Zhuge Ya said, "Your Highness, you are very calculative. There are many resources that we can use. Wen Hong is indeed a good partner. His current cultivation is truly unfathomable." "In that case, Mister Zhuge, watch my plan."

Gu Chensha moved and left the Common People's Wish Sphere. He headed for the lake in the Sea of Constellations in the depths of the Wildlands. With his speed, it only took him an hour to reach the residence of the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong.

He looked out and saw countless stars twinkling in the depths, as though they were reflections of the universe. The Grand Preceptor Wen Hong had replicated the depths of the vast starry sky. Gu Chensha only observed quietly and did not make a sound. He believed that the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong would be able to predict his arrival.

As expected, in less than three breaths of time, a beam of starlight swept out and pulled him into the depths of the Star Nation.