Chapter 453
===========

"Sir, this teahouse no longer has a single seat. If you wish to drink tea, you'll have to share a table with others." Just as he entered the teahouse, a servant came to greet him.

"I'm just looking around, I don't drink tea." Gu Chensha saw that the teahouse was already full. Even if he shared a table with others, he wouldn't be able to find a place.

"Alright then, call me if you need anything."

This servant also knew that the teahouse was full every day. Many wealthy guests and scholars of the pugilistic world came to join in the fun, to enjoy the atmosphere, or to inquire about certain information. It wasn't strange at all. He ran out to greet other customers. Gu Chensha walked towards a group of scholars who were talking loudly.

"The Calming Xian Department's newly opened Common People's Wish Academy recruited over a hundred students today. I heard that they want to recruit three thousand students from the entire Wuzhou."

A scholar said loudly, "They have already spread the word that as long as one is chosen to enter the Common People's Wish Academy, they will first be able to obtain the Three Dragon Pellet, Human Dragon Armor, and Human Dragon Armor. They will also be able to learn the Dragon Nurturing Mantra, the greatest ancient ultimate technique. This Dragon Nurturing Mantra is amazing. It can even turn a fool into a genius."

"That's right. That's not all. As long as one is chosen, it's like a man attaining the Dao, even his chickens and dogs will ascend to heaven. The Calming Xian Department also said that there's a follow-up policy. All those who are recruited as students will receive subsidies if their family has a newborn baby. Furthermore, when they recruit students, one of the criteria is based on the number of brothers and sisters in the family. The more brothers and sisters in the family, the higher the chance of being recruited. This is to encourage childbearing. "

Another scholar was discussing national affairs. "I went to take the test, but because I swore that I wasn't sincere, they told me to read more books of the saints and comprehend the principle of sincerely serving the people of the world. Only then would I take the oath. However, although I was eliminated, they still gave me a Minor Star Returning Pill before I left." "The benefits of the Calming Xian Department are so great?"

Many scholars who gathered from all directions were discussing. "We can take the test. After all, it doesn't cost anything. Who knows, we might even get a gift."

"I can't even get in the queue now. At the very least, I won't be able to get in for half a year." A scholar sighed. "I was only late for the registration by one day."

"The Celestial Tranquility Department's Common People's Wishes Academy is such a good place. Everyone in the world naturally wants to break their heads to get into it. It's a pity that I'm not old enough. They only recruit young people."

A middle-aged scholar waved his fan. "However, my son is a suitable candidate. He has already been recruited." "Congratulations, congratulations. You have to treat us tonight."

A few scholars were extremely envious and jealous. "Brother Gao, you have three sons and four daughters. The Calming Immortal Bureau likes this kind of family."

"No problem, I naturally have to treat you. My son has entered the Common People's Hope Academy of the Calming Immortal Department. Yesterday, I was given a large sum of money as a settlement allowance, and my other brothers and sisters were also rewarded." The middle-aged scholar surnamed Gao was very happy.

"Brother Gao, it's extremely dangerous to join the Calming Immortal Department. I've heard that there are some monsters stirring in the Sin Province. It's very likely that the Calming Immortal Department is recruiting disciples to train them so that they can fight against the demons. This isn't a good thing," a scholar said eccentrically.

"What are you saying?"

The middle-aged scholar surnamed Gao said angrily, "The demons have appeared and are harming the living. We naturally have to fight and slay the demons to protect the common people of the world. This is the duty of scholars. Otherwise, wouldn't we have spent our lives in vain?

Brother Wu, I know you've joined the National Fortune Party and are now working in the Tiger Leopard League. However, is this the philosophy of the National Fortune Party? To hide from the calamities of the world? " "Hmph!"

The scholar surnamed Wu stood up. "The one surnamed Gao, you really don't know what's good for you. I'm reminding you, but your words are hurtful. People of different paths cannot make plans together. I'll take my leave now." "I won't be seeing you out!"

The scholar surnamed Gao laughed coldly and looked at the other's back. "He's really a disaster. Everyone, ignore him. Today, let's go to the Drunken Immortal Inn and get drunk."

"Brother Gao, you're riding on the crest of success. Your son has entered the Calming Immortal Department and is cultivating that unparalleled ancient divine art, the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra. In the future, he will definitely become a genius. If he can temper himself and cultivate to the Golden Core of the Immortal Dao, he will have a lifespan of a thousand years. He will be able to support a huge clan." Many scholars started to flatter him.

Gu Chensha listened for a while and nodded to himself. He continued to listen and look around the teahouse. Most of them were discussing the recruitment of students by the Calming Immortal Department's Common People's Wish sphere.

"My plan this time is to bring about a trend of thought. Of course, nurturing talents is also one aspect. These days, the vow of all living beings in the Common People's Wish sphere must have gathered quite a lot."

At this time, Gu Chensha used his divine will to communicate with the interior of the Common People's Wish sphere. He saw that in the sky above the sphere, there was already a mass of light. Within this mass of light, countless figures flickered and appeared. Voices could be heard coming from it. It was the vow of tens of thousands of people.

This was the vow that the Calming Immortal Department had to make before recruiting students. If they were sincere, the sphere would be able to sense it.

Using this opportunity, the sphere would absorb the vow of all living beings and the spirit wishes. Then, it would truly be worthy of its name. The Common People's Wish sphere would be able to increase its mystical abilities.

After spending half a day in this teahouse, Gu Chensha had basically gotten a grasp of the popularity of this matter.

However, the Wu Clan didn't have any reaction to this, and it was somewhat abnormal. According to logic, the Wu Clan would definitely covet the Dragon Nurturing Mental Art. Back then, the Martial Emperor might have obtained the complete version of the Dragon Nurturing Mental Art, but he didn't impart it to the Wu Clan's clansmen. Because the Martial Emperor was an unfavored bastard son of the Wu Clan, he had rebelled a long time ago.

Any clan that obtained the Dragon Nurturing Mental Art would have their strength increased by dozens of folds. The clansmen would nurture geniuses one after another, and the Wu Clan would definitely send their disciples to participate in the test or directly contact the Calming Immortal Department.

However, during these days, not a single Wu Clan's outer disciple came to participate in the Calming Immortal Department's Common People's Wish Academy's test. This was extremely strange.

Gu Chensha just wanted to see the reaction of the aristocratic clans. In the end, they remained silent, and there must be a reason behind it.

He strolled along the streets of the Wu Prefecture City, and soon, he arrived at the street in front of the Wu Clan's courtyard.

The Wu Clan's true mountain gate was in the center of the Wu Prefecture's five giant mountains. They were the Yangwu Mountain, the Yuanwu Mountain, the True Martial Mountain, the Martial Transformation Mountain, and the Extreme Martial Mountain. The five mountains were like a palm, and they were arranged by the Martial Sage.

However, in this Wu Prefecture City, the Wu Clan also had a courtyard that was connected to the secular world.

Gu Chensha's body moved, and he hid inside. He had long sensed that there was a powerful aura in this Wu Clan's courtyard, and he was constantly paying attention to the Calming Immortal Department's movements and reporting back to the mountain gate.

The Wu Clan's courtyard occupied a few thousand hectares, and it was filled with layers of pavilions, beautiful gardens, and layers of array formations. It was a typical grand layout, and it was worthy of being a millennium aristocratic clan.

Gu Chensha didn't admire the scenery inside, and he had already arrived at the place where the powerful aura existed. It was a secret room, and there were five Wu Clan Elders seated inside, and they seemed to be discussing something.

Among these five Wu Clan Elders, three were at the Golden Core Great Dao level, one was at the Ruyi Size Transformation at 19, and the leader was at the Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence Transformation at 20.

Gu Chensha took a quick look and saw that the elder in the lead was only at the Minute Dust Technique, which was very weak.

Of course, this was from his own point of view. In the various aristocratic clans, an 18 Transformation Golden Core Great Dao level was an absolute powerhouse, not to mention a true immortal who had cultivated magic power.

"The Calming Immortal Department has made such a big commotion, and we're just going to watch here? Aren't we going to take any measures? "At this time, a Golden Core Realm Elder frowned.

"Take what measures?"

The leader of the elders, who had cultivated magic power, frowned. "The Calming Immortal Department's momentum has already been established, and even the ape race has suffered a great loss. The three great apes are covered in dirt, and they have suffered a great defeat. Even if our ancestor were to make a move, I'm afraid he would only be about the same as one of the three great apes. How can we make a move on the Calming Immortal Department?" "This Wu Mang is quite clear."

Gu Chensha knew this elder's name. The Calming Immortal Department investigated the Mystic Immortal Dao Sects, and naturally, they would monitor all the aristocratic clans in the world. The Wu Clan was a key target of surveillance, and all the Dao Realm disciples in the clan were recorded. Not to mention the powerhouses who had cultivated Golden Cores and magic power.

This elder who had cultivated the Minute Dust Technique was called Wu Gongmang, and he had already lived for more than 300 years. Compared to his lifespan of more than 1,000 years, only one-third of it had passed, and he was still very "young".

"The Dragon Raising Cultivation Technique originally belonged to our Wu Clan, and we must obtain it. This is unquestionable! "

A Golden Core elder spoke with an unyielding attitude, and when Gu Chensha looked over, he knew that this elder was called Wu Dang Xing, and he was actually not that old, only 30 years old. Moreover, he was an unparalleled prodigy, and he was full of drive.

He was the focus of the Wu Clan's nurturing, and having such cultivation at such a young age was extremely rare even in the Mystic Immortal Dao Sects. This person was also from the radical faction of the Wu Clan, and he continued with a sneer, "Back then, although Martial Emperor rebelled and left the clan, he was still of the Wu Clan's bloodline. After his death, all his inheritance must belong to our Wu Clan. The Dragon Raising Cultivation Technique was brought out by him from the Dragon Gate of the Primordial Era, and even the Calming Immortal Department cannot have it." He and Wu Dangkong were of the same generation. They were both of the "Dang" generation.

"This kid is really arrogant."

When Gu Chensha heard this, he sneered in his heart. He had actually obtained the Dragon Raising Cultivation Technique from Dou Nineteen.

"That's right, but I have some doubts."

Wu Gongmang said, "The Calming Immortal Department claims that they have the complete version of the Dragon Raising Cultivation Technique, and even the Dragon Creation Technique. Where did the Dragon Creation Technique come from?

Back then, Martial Emperor did not learn the Dragon Creation Technique, and if the Calming Immortal Department's Dragon Raising Cultivation Technique did not come from Martial Emperor, then we really can't find an excuse to take it back. "