Chapter 505
===========

Jin Suibo played the role of the good cop, threatening and pleading at the same time.

Wang Qingzhu of the Hun Qing Sect, Meng Yinyun of the Yuanmeng Sect, and Ba Ju Feng of the Hegemon Fist Sect turned pale with anger, but there was nothing they could do.

"Jin Suibo, we trusted you and fought against that Peerless Heavenly Scripture together with you. Yet, you actually set up a trap that caused us to fall into danger. You simply have no trust in us at all!" Wang Qingzhu berated loudly.

Jin Suibo sighed. "Brother Qingzhu, you're wrong to blame me. Everyone here can see for themselves that you and His Highness had a wager, and the winner was decided. Now that your skills are inferior, and His Highness didn't even use any magical treasures. He only relied on his own power to completely suppress you. Don't tell me you're still not convinced? Offending the might of the imperial court, even if you're far away, means death.

You've disrespected His Highness with your words, and that in itself is a huge crime. Kneel down and beg for mercy, and I can forgive you. " "How dare you!" Ba Ju Feng roared. "Hegemon Fist of the Nine Paths, Destruction!"

His body seemed to grow larger as he punched out repeatedly, his fists raining down like a torrential rain. In an instant, he had punched out millions of times, each with the power to shatter a mountain. This was his famous technique, the Hegemon Fist.

He had found some ancient, incomplete supreme arts, and combined them with his own comprehension, he had finally created a set of peerless martial arts.

The realm of this fist could be said to be connected to the Primordial Godly Dao, using its boundless domineering aura to shock the world and destroy everything.

When all the cultivators saw the stormy and thunderous attacks, they were worried that Gu Chensha's seal would be broken and he would be able to escape.

The cultivators present were all sect leaders of second or third-rate sects, equivalent to the heads of the small rich families. They had status, but they couldn't compare to the upper echelons. Still, they had the advantage in numbers, and they were experienced and knowledgeable, so they were quick to react to the slightest disturbance.

On one hand, they maintained contact with the seventy-two primordial profound sects, and on the other hand, they sought refuge with the Calming Immortal Bureau.

These people could be said to be fence-sitters, but it could also be understood. Everything Gu Chensha was doing now was to intimidate these people and make them completely lean towards the Calming Immortal Department.

He opened his palms and smiled as he explained, "Everyone, please take a look. This is the Tyrant Fist Sect's Sovereign Tyrant Feng's Tyrant Fist. This fist is known for its ferociousness and tyranny. It is extremely powerful and profound, and from what I can see, there are no secrets to it. However, this fist is also extremely flawed. Ba Jufeng obtained an ancient demonic saint Tyrant Dragon's secret manual and combined it with his own research to comprehend the ancient art of tyranny, allowing him to cultivate to the twenty-five transformations of the Undying Body. However, it is a pity that it was only an incomplete manual, and the most important part was lost, resulting in the incomplete version.

The reason why the Tyrant Dragon Supremacy was able to become a Demon Saint and even become the Lord of Myriad Demons was because he used the Monarch Dao as his foundation, the Hegemony Dao as his vanguard, and the Sage Dao as his main outline. They combined to form a Majestic Overlord Bible. I happen to know a little about this scripture. "

"His Highness's methods are unfathomable, we all prostrate ourselves in admiration." Immediately, another sect leader from the Profound Immortal Dao Sect started to flatter him.

"Ba Jufeng, did you hear that? If you truly submit, not only will His Highness pardon your sins, he will also impart to you a supreme art, the Majestic Overlord Bible. Don't be so stubborn. "Jin Suibo tried to persuade him again.

"I will never submit!"

Ba Jufeng roared in anger. "Your Calming Immortal Department has schemed and schemed, lying in ambush, wanting to enslave our Profound Immortal Dao Sect. What wishful thinking! If I can leave this place, I will definitely contact the seventy-two primordial mystical sects to protect the order of the immortal dao." "Ai."

When Jin Suibo heard this, he let out a long sigh. "His Highness, this subordinate is useless. I originally wanted to contact like-minded people to discuss a grand plan, to do my bit for the sake of the common people. However, this Ba Jufeng is arrogant and unruly, and his cultivation of the Tyrant Fist has gone berserk. He doesn't know the big picture and doesn't understand the heavens. It is inevitable that he will be reduced to ashes." "Since that is the case, then I can only knock him down to the mortal realm."

Gu Chensha's eyes turned cold. His aura changed and instantly, a thick killing intent covered thousands of miles of land.

All the Profound Immortal Sect cultivators seemed to have seen a World Destroying Demon Venerable. A fierce god that wanted to kill everything appeared in the sky. He wanted to rip open the sky and descend into the world.

In terms of killing intent, as long as Gu Chensha, who had merged with the true blade energy of the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife, exploded, even a Natural Saint Demon like Abandoned Death, who had cultivated the True Dragon Technique and was at the peak of the 26 Changes of Dao Realm, 10,000 Techniques Return to One, would have his true body slain. Even the mental imprint left in the Underworld Iron Fortress would dissipate. If not for his father, the Saint Demon Dwarf Death Emperor, he would have died.

Right now, the strongest among the three experts was Wang Qingzhu, who had cultivated the Twenty-Six Transformations, Ten Thousand Techniques Return to One, and its quality was only at the Vajra Technique. Compared to Abandon the Dwarf, the difference was like the difference between clouds and mud. How could he be a match for Gu Chensha?

"Ah!" Ba Jufeng screamed out in pain.

The ball in Gu Chensha's palm expanded and a talisman imprinted on Ba Jufeng's body. This Overlord Fist Sect Sect Leader's body trembled like all his strength had been sucked out.

In just a few breaths, Ba Jufeng turned from a middle-aged man to an old man who was about to die at any moment.

Jin Suibo waved his hand and an energy current lifted Ba Jufeng up so that he wouldn't fall from the sky. Ba Jufeng went from a Dao Realm Transformation 25 Undying Body Sect Leader to a normal old man. He was like Jing Fanxing in the past; he had no strength at all. Moreover, he only had two to three years of lifespan and could die at any moment. This was the strength of the Fallen Celestial Technique.

Gu Chensha obtained Dou Nineteen's memories and understood the entire Fallen Celestial Technique. If he used the Heaven Path Technique to activate it, it would be even more mystical.

Moreover, the Path of Banishing Immortals had been comprehended by the three Heavenly Venerables from the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Dagger Gourd. Gu Chensha, who had fused with the Saber Qi, was much more proficient in this Path than many of the God-level disciples under the three Heavenly Venerables. Actually, even the three Sky Venerables didn't dare to merge the blade energy with their own bodies.

They just used their own powers to refine the blade energy and carefully seal it in case any loopholes appeared.

"I … I have become a normal person and lost all my strength."

Ba Jufeng tried to use his strength but there was no reaction. No matter how one looked at it, he was an old man among normal people. He was even weaker than a normal person.

The old people in the Central Plains were all filled with energy. They were supported by the Imperial Court and ate well. They also cultivated some health techniques and knew martial arts.

"Jin Suibo, find a chance to send him to the Central Plains and have him stay in a nursing home."

Gu Chensha instructed, "He can also enter some schools to teach disciples and gain merit to make up for his mistakes. If he can impart his cultivation experience to a few more disciples, the Imperial Court will reward him. He can live for a few more years, but he can forget about regaining his strength." A talisman appeared in Gu Chensha's hand.

This talisman was condensed from all of Ba Jufeng's cultivation, essence, qi, memories, and experience. It was also the most exquisite part of the Fallen Celestial Technique.

Many sect leaders looked at this talisman and drooled. They knew that if they could get their hands on this talisman, they could slowly absorb the energy within and use it for themselves. They could even refine it into an extremely powerful magic treasure. Other than that, its greatest use was to suppress the formation core.

After setting up a grand formation and placing this talisman in the formation core, it would be like having an undying body of twenty-five transformations constantly condensing the formation. In this way, one's sect or cave abode would be upgraded by several levels. Moreover, under the nourishment of the grand formation, the talisman's power wouldn't dissipate. Instead, it would be maintained. In other words, the grand formation would replace the body of the original owner of the talisman.

"Suibo, take this talisman and use it to suppress the formation core of the Illusory Chess Islands. In the future, this archipelago will become another oceanic residence of the Celestial Calmness Department. With this as a foundation, we can dominate the seas." Gu Chensha handed the talisman to Jin Suibo, then looked at the other two people in his hand. They were Wang Qingzhu and Meng Yinyun.

When they saw Ba Jufeng's miserable state, they were scared out of their wits and hurriedly begged for mercy. They knew that Gu Chensha had used the Fallen Celestial Technique of the three Celestial Masters.

In the past, the three Celestial Masters had used this technique on countless immortals. Those immortals had lost their power and become ordinary people, living a life worse than death.

"Your Highness, we know our wrongs. Please don't use the Fallen Celestial Technique against us."

Meng Yinyun begged. She was the Yuanmeng Sect's Sect Leader, a high and mighty figure. But now that she had met a tyrannical person like Gu Chensha, she had no choice but to lower her head. Seeing Ba Jufeng in such a state, she would rather die than comply.

"Very well."

Gu Chensha nodded. "It's great that you know your wrongs. I'll tell you the truth. Now that the great calamity is upon us, in order to unify the power of the Profound Immortal Dao Sects and fight it together to save the world, our Celestial Calmness Department has no choice but to use extreme measures. This Ba Jufeng doesn't listen, so I'm killing the chicken to warn the monkeys. Do you understand?"

"I understand. Please forgive us, Your Highness." Wang Qingzhu cupped his hands from within the sphere.

"Since all of you understand, then I won't blame you. But the punishment is necessary. All of you will contribute all the riches of your sects and merge them into the Celestial Dao Alliance. From now on, all of you will cooperate with Jin Suibo. Do you understand?

Also, all of you will work hard on this Illusion Chess Island for 100 years to form the formation and set up the mountain and cave. "Gu Chensha said once more. He didn't have any kind intentions, so the punishment was really severe.

The alliance of the Immortal Dao Profound Sects was originally very loose, each with their own little schemes. Although Jin Suibo was experienced and deep, it was still impossible for him to completely unify these people and turn them into an iron plate, like an army.

After all, even second and third-rate Celestial Dao Sects had many experts. Jin Suibo could win everyone's respect with his Dao Realm 23 Transformation Realm cultivation, but it was impossible for him to unify them.