Chapter 482
===========

The Celestial Pacification Department's harvest this time was indeed huge. More importantly, they had weakened the Legalists' power.

"Abandoned Gnome's original body's power and memories have all been seized by me."

Gu Chensha opened his mouth and a black talisman appeared. This talisman contained 99% of Abandoned Gnome's power and all of his memories. After Gu Chensha spat out this talisman, he inserted it into the Wish Tree. This was the Innate Holy Demon's 99% power and memories after cultivating the True Dragon Technique.

Abandoned Gnome's memories contained all of the Demon Race's plans and some of the Gnome Demon Race's secrets. What was even more amazing was that Abandoned Gnome had grasped the complete version of the Maha Suppression Scripture.

Gu Chensha had long wanted to obtain the complete version of the Maha Suppression Scripture. This scripture deeply dissected demonic nature and described spirituality. At the same time, it contained a thorough understanding of the various dimensions of the Demon Domain. It was a supreme Demon Scripture and also a Demon Subduing Scripture.

It was rumored that when one cultivated the Maha Suppression Scripture to the extreme, one could turn demonic nature into spirituality, and spirituality into demonic nature. Both of them would transform endlessly, allowing one to completely understand the principles of Yin and Yang, the exchange of light and darkness.

If the Celestial Pacification Department obtained this scripture, it would be very beneficial for the Demon Calamity in the future.

The Wish Tree absorbed all of Abandoned Gnome's power. As the branches swayed in the wind, many scriptures floated out of it. They were as vast as the sea, and they displayed the various situations of the Demon Domain. These were the words of the Maha Suppression Scripture.

"Good fellow …" Zhuge Ya immediately began to comprehend it. "This Maha Suppression Scripture is rich in content and contains everything. The Demon Domain's geography, origins, races, various Primordial Demon Dao cultivation techniques, origins of Heavenly Demons, medicinal herbs, alchemy, demonic body transformation, and everything else. The core of it is the Maha Spirit Demon Theory. The profoundness of this scripture even surpasses the Book of Heavenly Demons. " Zhuge Ya was lucky, he obtained many unparalleled divine arts.

For example, the Son of Heaven's God Investiture Art's Sun and Moon Shine Together, the Great Massacre God Technique, the Primordial Demon Dao recorded in the Book of Heavenly Demon, and now he had obtained the Maha Suppression Scripture. In the memories of Chang Yuzhou, there were many supreme techniques of the Black Heaven Earth Sect, the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra, the Dragon Creation Heart Sutra, and the various wondrous uses that the three Heavenly Venerables had imparted to Dou Nineteen. Other than that, there was also the Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art that Wen Hong had imparted to him, and some memories of the Xing Qiongshi.

These things were a hodgepodge, each of them containing unmatched wondrous uses. Right now, they were all going to be melded together, turning into an even more exquisite martial art suitable for Calming Immortal Sector.

With these tremendous martial arts as a foundation, the Calming Immortal Department's own martial arts would slowly be perfected. They would seize the Great Dao between heaven and earth and occupy the most precious rules and order.

The Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermilion Bird, and the Black Tortoise were all very happy. As they cultivated, all of them obtained great benefits.

Gu Chensha had slain Abandoned the Dwarf's true body, but he didn't devour its power. This was because Gu Chensha's own power was already saturated, and he could rely on his own cultivation to make up for any consumption. When he circulated his magic power, it was almost endless.

It was precisely because of this that he was able to wield the Titan God's Wanxiang Shattering Cudgel. This cudgel was extremely heavy, and it was rumored that when this cudgel was swung, if one wasn't a god, all their magic power would be instantly sucked dry. The enemy wouldn't be killed, but the user would instead die from exhaustion.

And with Gu Chensha's current magic power, he could activate this cudgel and infuse it into it with ease.

This was because when he struck out with the cudgel, all his magic power would be immediately replenished in a breath's time.

After he cultivated the Great Massacre God Art, he could use this art with ease with the quality of his Heavenly Dao Art.

Of course, his most powerful killing move was still the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd, which was a transformation of the Law Manifestation realm.

Once this saber was unleashed, it could cut through everything. However, after using it, Gu Chensha himself would also need to expend a lot of energy to suppress the killing intent of the saber energy, lest it destroy the perfection of his soul. Therefore, this saber couldn't be used easily.

Back then, even when the three Heavenly Venerables used the power of this saber to kill Xing Qiongshi, they were also seriously injured and corroded by the killing intent.

Therefore, Gu Chensha still needed the Wanxiang Shattering Cudgel as a weapon. Moreover, as his cultivation increased, if he could break through his realm and his Heavenly Dao Art became more perfect, the power of this cudgel would even surpass the ferocious might when it was in the hands of the Titan God.

The advantage of this cudgel was that it was simple. There were no unnecessary flourishes, and the cudgel didn't have any transformations. It wouldn't turn into a huge formation, and there wouldn't be any complicated entrapment techniques. It was just a simple smash, sweep, and stab.

When this cudgel was activated, it also contained a scripture. It was the ultimate art left behind by the Titan God, the Overlord Strength Divine Art. When this technique was used, the magic power was extremely strong, and it was quite mysterious.

Of course, Gu Chensha only understood a little about it and treated it as his own resources. He wouldn't really cultivate it. He just wanted to enrich his Life Heaven Mending Technique.

After obtaining the complete Maha Suppression Scripture, this was enough for him to comprehend for a long time.

Moreover, after consuming the Primordial Chaos Holy Pill, he had already completely consolidated his magic power and accumulated a huge amount of it. The next step was to comprehend the 23 Transformations, Past Reflection.

However, cultivating in seclusion to comprehend this realm wouldn't work. He had to travel among the people and experience the changes of the mortal world.

Zhuge Ya's current realm was already at the 24 Transformations, Future Glimpse, and he was trying to break through to the Undying Body. As his cultivation increased, the operation of the Life's Wish Sphere became more and more exquisite. Lou Baiyue was managing the Life's Wish Academy. This was also a form of cultivation.

"Let me take a look. This ring left behind by the Abandoned Dwarf was actually not damaged by the saber energy. It seems like there are some good things stored within."

Gu Chensha took out the ring. "This was forged from a piece of the Maha God's bone. It can be said to be one of the strongest materials in the world." He reached out and touched it. The space within the ring opened.

He had all the memories of the Abandoned Dwarf and 99% of the True Body's magic power. Naturally, he could open the ring. The space within the ring was huge.

Rather than calling it a space, it would be better to call it a small world. With a sweep of the dust and sand, this small world was roughly the size of a province of the Great Yong Dynasty. It was several thousand kilometers tall, and there were even white clouds floating in the sky, as well as the sun, moon, and stars formed by a formation.

The power of the world within the ring was extremely dense. On the vast plains, there were nine mountains made of Primordial Underworld Jade. They formed an array formation called the World Devouring Demon Array Formation.

Gu Chensha's incarnation entered the world of the ring and came to the foot of a mountain made of Primordial Underworld Jade. This mountain was hundreds of miles wide and tens of miles tall. When he knocked on it, the Underworld Jade emitted a sonorous sound. Demonic qi circulated within it. Although its quality could not be compared to the jade used to seal the Xingqiong clan, it was much higher than the top-grade spirit jade of the Baoyu Nation.

This was refined by the Abandoned Dwarf using his magic power to collect many Underworld Jade ores from the Demon Domain. It had taken him a lot of effort.

After setting up the World Devouring Demon Array Formation, the Abandoned Dwarf cultivated within it.

Other than that, there were many pills, materials, natural treasures from the Demon Domain, and even talismans in this small world. Of course, these treasures could not compare to the Primordial Chaos Holy Pill, Dharma Tree, Myriad Shattering Rod, Small Thunderclap Temple, Small Muni Buddhist Pagoda, and Three Realms Seal that Gu Chensha had obtained from the Legalists.

Thinking of these six great treasures, Gu Chensha felt that if he was a Legalist, he would probably feel the heartache for a long time. He would want to capture the thief and execute him. After that, his soul would be tortured for eternity, never to be reincarnated.

After checking the ring, Gu Chensha felt that rather than keeping it, he might as well let the newly born Tree of Wishes digest it. He could fuse everything in this small world into the sphere of the Life's Wish to strengthen the essence of the world. Everything was done with the goal of strengthening the sphere.

This was the strategy of the Calming Immortal Department. At the moment, the Calming Immortal Department did not have the energy to nurture other high-level treasures. As long as the sphere of the Life's Wish was completely strengthened, everything would be easy.

"This ring contains a huge amount of world energy. It will be a great supplement to our Life's Wish. Abandoned Dwarf is indeed the most outstanding member of the Dwarf Demon Race's younger generation. He has more treasures than Fa Wuxian.

From the looks of it, Fa Wuxian is too arrogant. He doesn't have a good relationship with the Legalist's true ancestor or the Grand Elder. He doesn't have any treasures on him that can be taken from the past. This is far inferior to Abandoned Dwarf, "Zhuge Ya said.

"If the Legalists were willing to nurture Fa Wuxian and directly give that Primordial Chaos Holy Pill to Fa Wuxian early on, Fa Wuxian's achievements would definitely not be any worse than Abandoned Dwarf's.

That way, I won't be able to benefit from it. It is clear that the Legalists do not nurture talents. "

Gu Chensha laughed. "However, if I were a Legalist, I would definitely not nurture an ingrate and disobedient Fa Wuxian."

"This is a headache for the Legalists. Fortunately, there are no ingrates in our Calming Immortal Department for now."

As Zhuge Ya spoke, a beam of light suddenly appeared above the sphere of the Life's Wish. Within the light, a large hall appeared. There were tens of thousands of disciples in the hall, all cultivating at the same time. They were actually cultivating the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra.

As the tens of thousands of disciples cultivated at the same time, Dragon Nurturing Qi seeped out of their bodies and reached the ceiling of the hall. It was then absorbed by the array formation and transferred into the sphere of the Life's Wish.

"Not bad. The Life's Wish Academy has finally achieved something."

Zhuge Ya was very satisfied. "These disciples are cultivating so hard that the Dragon Nurturing Qi that their bodies can no longer store will be absorbed into the sphere, nourishing the sphere itself. This is also equivalent to these disciples contributing to the Calming Immortal Department. The Calming Immortal Department did not provide them with pills to nurture them in vain." "It's getting better, but how long can these good days last?"

Gu Chensha felt very uneasy. He could sense that the Calming Immortal Department had been flourishing recently, but how could he not know if this was the final radiance of the setting sun? Prosperity is bound to decline?

Would the beginning of the Devil Calamity be the beginning of the decline of the Calming Immortal Department? Or would it be the beginning of the decline of the Great Yongchō, or even the entire human race? In any case, Gu Chensha was not optimistic.

In the sphere, Gu Chensha recuperated for another month. He digested what he had obtained from infiltrating the Legalists this time, as well as the complete version of the Scripture of Hell Suppression that he had obtained from killing the dwarf Abandoned. At the same time, he tempered his magic power and made it even purer. Then, he went out again.