Chapter 1090
============

Chapter 1085: The Ancient Throne

"That person called Zhou Yang actually ascended to the Undying Realm, and Gu Chensha didn't go after him. His universe is called the Central Plains Universe, and it can be said that he has the best fate and is in the limelight for a while. Unfortunately, he didn't gain the favor of the Will of the Old World. In other words, the main character of the Old World isn't him, but a heretic." In a small universe, the Fourth Gu Huasha hid himself well.

After devouring Zhang Ziran, his cultivation base rose to an unimaginable level. Unfortunately, he still hadn't reached the Undying level, which left him frustrated and confused.

But as he continued to gain enlightenment, he felt like he was on the verge of a breakthrough, although he still felt like he was missing something.

"Exalted Nihility Ancestor, is Zhang Ziran not completely assimilated yet?" Zhang Yiren anxiously asked from next to the Fourth Gu Huasha.

Zhang Ziran was his father, and he'd worked with the Fourth Gu Huasha to plot against Zhang Ziran. That was a vendetta that couldn't be reversed, and Zhang Ziran had to die. If Zhang Ziran didn't die, he would come back for revenge. In fact, he was worried that Zhang Ziran would try to take over the Fourth Gu Huasha.

"Just a little bit more, and I'll be able to assimilate it all."

The Fourth Gu Huasha's body twitched, and Zhang Ziran's aura had completely melted away. However, there was still a bit of a brand that couldn't be erased. "Zhang Ziran is the lord of the mortal world, and incredibly powerful. He's also gained enlightenment of the Undying Dao, which makes it very difficult for me to erase him. But I've already absorbed his fate, fate, karma, and cycles." "Gu Huasha, you won't even let go of the last trace of my brand?"

At this moment, Zhang Ziran's spiritual mark sent out a psychic wave: "Even if you refine my spiritual mark, it won't do you any good. It won't help you reach the Invincible level. Do you know why?

Even though I've encountered a tribulation, I've been enlightened in the process of being devoured by you. How about this? I'll tell you the secret of why you can't ascend to the Undying level, and you'll release my mark so I can search for opportunities. What do you say? " "Sure." The Fourth Gu Huasha immediately replied, "Zhang Ziran, you speak."

"If that's the case," Zhang Ziran said, "I'll tell you. Your soul isn't complete. You think you've truly become one with the Emperor Heaven after consuming the medicinal pill that Emperor Heaven transformed into. But the truth is, you didn't consume the medicinal pill of the Emperor Heaven." "What do you mean?" The Fourth Gu Huasha said, visibly shocked.

"This is the truth that I comprehended during the process of you refining me. Although you stripped me of everything, you removed the shackles that bound me.

In truth, the pill you consumed was created by Gu Chensha himself. It contains the supreme ideals of the new world. He pretended to be the Celestial Emperor's pill, but the real Celestial Emperor's pill has already been used by him to create another person. That person's name is Wei Jia, and he's currently in the central plains universe. If you can consume Wei Jia and make up for your karma and destiny, you'll still be the supreme Celestial Emperor at the very beginning of the old world. You'll be able to ascend to the Invincible Undying Realm soon. You might even be able to become the main character of the old world again. Zhang Ziran's realm seemed to have risen by a level, even though he didn't have any offensive power. Upon hearing this, the Fourth Gu Huasha's expression changed. (This chapter isn't finished. Please continue to the next page.)