Chapter 796
===========

"This person's Dragon Fist has not been perfected. Even with our wisdom and the wisdom of the ancient Buddhist Sect's Buddhas, it is still not enough. The martial art we want to establish is to reverse the heavens. Everyone will become a Sage, free and unfettered, yet self-restrained. Everyone can do as they please without breaking the rules. Such an achievement is not something we can comprehend with our current cultivation. … " The Martial Sage said.

Although the Martial Sage had become a Heavenly Venerable, he was still unable to fuse the Holy Dragon Mantra into the Human Dragon Fist.

"The Human Dragon Fist has a total of 36 levels of variations, from shallow to deep."

Gu Chensha said, "This person's Dragon Fist can already allow everyone in the world to cultivate to the Genius Realm. As for advancing to the Sage Realm, that still requires calculations. I'm afraid that only I can cultivate to the Heavenly Venerable Realm.

However, the people of our Calming Immortal Department can cultivate some Innate Sages based on the Holy Dragon Mantra. It won't be a problem for hundreds or even thousands of them. "

"Thousands of Innate Sages …" Zhuge Ya thought about it. "Then our Calming Immortal Department will truly be the world's number one power. If it were any other sect, even if it was the Great Spirit God, he would not dare to casually spread the mantra. He would not dare to create his own subordinates and turn them into Innate Sages because they would suffer from sin and heavenly wrath."

"Sin is my merit. The Great Spirit God does not have an ability like mine, so he is naturally afraid. However, the Great Spirit God seems to have reached some kind of agreement with the Heavenly Dao, or become a lackey of the Heavenly Dao, resurrecting from the dead and dying again. I do not have such an ability, and no one in the world does."

Gu Chensha continued to study the Great Spirit God's ability. "However, if my cultivation improves further, I will be able to break this ability of the Great Spirit God. He will be unable to live or die in front of me."

"If we choose loyal and reliable disciples to pass on the Human Dragon Fist we comprehend, we will be able to produce thousands of Innate Sages within a year. It will be of great benefit to us."

Lou Baiyue said, "The Calming Immortal Agency still has a large group of experienced, loyal, and devoted experts. Moreover, their fate is connected to the Calming Immortal Agency."

In recent years, the Calming Immortal Department had been focusing on finding and educating talented people. Countless young people had joined the Calming Immortal Department. Not only did the Calming Immortal Department have eyes and ears all over the world, but there were also all kinds of hot-blooded and ambitious people emerging one after another. It was very simple to select people from among them and teach them the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra.

"This must be done. Action."

Gu Chensha said, "This matter is to increase my strength and foundation. Now, I will recover my strength and consolidate my Saint Realm. After that, I will locate the Primordial Tree and save Chang Weiyang. It's time to subdue Dou Yiyu and obtain her Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd."

As he spoke, Gu Chensha closed his eyes. An unprecedentedly huge heart pulsated within his body. Every time it pulsated, endless chaos would descend and enter the Little Hong Meng Tree.

All kinds of worlds within the Little Hong Meng Tree were immediately filled up and became more abundant. Countless mines and treasures were born. There were also all kinds of extinct primordial spiritual herbs being nurtured one by one.

Gu Chensha could now extract Xiantian spiritual treasures and all kinds of substances from the chaos. What about extinct primordial spiritual herbs? While he was cultivating, the Little Hong Meng Tree had already begun another round of evolution.

The ultimate goal of the Little Hong Meng Tree was not to evolve into the true Primordial Tree. Gu Chensha, who had comprehended the Dao of the Emperor Of Heaven, felt that the true Primordial Tree was no longer strong. He wanted to refine this tree into the Emperor Of Heaven Tree and complement the Emperor Of Heaven Throne.

The Sacred Heart of Universal Truth within his body continued to circulate, emanating an aura that seemed to be above all things in the world. This was what made him truly powerful. Recovering and consolidating his cultivation base.

The entire Department of Tranquil Immortals was also constantly operating, increasing the speed at which it operated. The world once again entered a state of explosion.

In the Sin Province, the Devil Calamity was about to descend. Devil clouds shrouded the land, and Gu Chensha created the Human-Dragon Assembly of the Buddhist Sect to fight against the devil. Later on, the Human-Dragon Assembly and the Buddhist Sect truly interacted, developing into the Zen Sect culture and integrating into the Yongchō civilization.

At this moment, it was winter of the 34th year of the Heavenly Talisman. The weather was extremely cold and heavy snow fell, blanketing the earth in white. Inside and outside the Divine Continent, every drop of water would turn into ice. In the past, such heavy snow would freeze countless people to death. But now, it was bustling with activity. There were roads, railways, airships, sea and air routes. There were even all sorts of teleportation formations that transported resources to various places. Every household had enough to eat and wore warm clothes. Everyone was practicing martial arts and studying. The fate of the people was flourishing, suppressing everything else.

On a mountain in Sin Province, the snow sealed the mountain. However, there were two people standing at the peak. They wore fur cloaks and looked really noble. They were disciples of rich families.

"The situation of the world is now in the hands of the Department of Tranquil Immortals. Changjian, why are you looking at the situation of Gu Tanjian Prefecture? The two people on the peak were actually Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian. They were the third generation disciples of the Gu Family Imperial Family.

Gu Tanjian was the son of the Great Emperor Gu Hengsha while Gu Changjian was the son of the Crown Prince Gu Xuansha.

"I originally thought that the Devil Calamity would cause chaos and I would be able to rise up and break the lockdown of the Department of Tranquil Immortals. I have already gathered many tribes in the depths of the wilderness, close to 10 billion people to form a Barbarian Race Empire to counterattack." Gu Changjian said, "However, I haven't had a chance.

What can I do? That Gu Chensha's strongest method is to create the General of the Common People, the Common People Marquis, the King of Common People. He has a firm grasp of the world's order. The Barbarian Race Empire that I built will probably be wiped out at any moment. "

That year, Gu Changjian was instructed by the Dharma Saint to mix into the Barbarian Race and hide. He subdued the tribes and gathered faith. In the end, he did some big things. Although he wasn't able to unify the Barbarian Race, he was the one with the most hope of unifying the Barbarian Race.

Unifying the Barbarian Race and killing his way back would allow him to obtain the Barbaric Heart. This was the Dharma Saint's plan, but now it had become a dream.

The Yongchō expanded more and more in the wilderness, building steel and concrete cities in what was once the primordial forest. In the face of such urbanization, the Barbarian Race couldn't fight back at all.

A long time ago, the Barbarian Race was known for their strength. A Barbarian could defeat five or even more than ten ordinary soldiers. But now, the Barbarian Race had completely lost their physical advantage. The people of the Divine Yongchō all practiced martial arts and received good elixirs to nourish themselves. Their bodies were strong and strong, and they also had the advantage of armor and firearms.

Sometimes, a person wearing a steel flying armor made by the Heavenly Craftsmen Institute, holding a hand cannon, machine gun, and shooting randomly in the air could kill thousands of Barbarian Race soldiers. How could they fight?

Not to mention the Barbarian Race, even the Demon Race couldn't win against the people of the Yongchō, and they kept retreating.

Now that Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian had come to the Sin State Temple, they wanted to see how the Barbarian Race's momentum was, and whether they could still pose a threat to the Great Yongchō Court. But now they were even more shocked.

In the center of the Sin State, in the Bottomless Sea of Sin, the Demonic Qi had almost dissipated. Although there were Demons coming out from time to time, they were killed once they came out. Even the God-level Demon Gods had retreated and didn't dare to come out.

Not only that, but now in the depths of the Bottomless Sea of Sin, there was a transmission array built. The people of the court and nobles could enter the Demon Area through the transmission array, killing Demons everywhere, building up merits, and making a fortune at the same time.

The Demons of the Demon Race could also be bought and sold. They were excellent materials and slaves. In other words, it wasn't the Demon Race invading, but the Yongchō invading the Demon Area.

At this moment, Gu Tanjian suddenly said, "The world can't be shaken. Even if you and I are the reincarnations of the Infinite Sword and the Infinite Blade, we can't do anything. Sigh …"

He was actually the reincarnation of the Infinite Sword, ranked first among the 36 Infinite Treasures, with the strongest attack and the most killing ability.

It was no wonder that the Great Spirit God would do this. He fully supported him and even gave him a gourd of Holy Dragon Qi. And Gu Changjian was actually the reincarnation of the Infinite Blade. The combination of the sword and the saber was the way of war.

"The Great Spirit God also lost. He failed in the depths of the Dragon Gate of Untainted Land. His plan to conquer the Dragon Gate of Untainted Land was completely destroyed by Gu Chensha."

Gu Changjian said, "Although he didn't die in the hands of Gu Chensha, he suffered a great loss. Even the talisman that we gave him by transferring the Qi of the Infinite Blade and the Infinite Sword was destroyed. Instead, Gu Chensha could follow the clues and find out where our foundation is. This is very disadvantageous for us. " "No, I think it's a good thing."

Gu Tanjian's face was as usual, but he was happy. "For us, Gu Chensha is terrible, but the most terrible is the Great Spirit God himself. He always wants to devour us to complete his great plan. Now he is forced to die. Although he won't die, I'm afraid it will take some time for him to resurrect. We can take the opportunity to get rid of his control. Truly free and unfettered. "

"You are the reincarnation of the Infinite Sword, and I am the reincarnation of the Infinite Blade. If we work together, we can control some of the world's power."

Gu Changjian said, "It's almost the thirty-fifth year of the Heavenly Talisman. Don't say that the world is at peace, the rule of the Calmness Deity Department is unshakable, and even the Heavenly Craftsman Institute is being suppressed. But there is still one more year. As long as we can endure it, the situation will change. In the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman, everything will be different."

"In the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman, it is said that a great tribulation will occur. This tribulation is probably a supreme tribulation that has never appeared in history. The days of the Calmness Deity Department will not be easy, but our days will not be easy either." Gu Tanjian frowned. "How will we handle the tribulation with ease? This is a big problem."

"If the two of us work together, we can do something." Gu Changjian was ambitious. "We are the first and second treasures of the Endless Thirty-six Treasures.

Other than the Infinite Heart, almost all the other treasures have to listen to our fate. As long as we control the Infinite Heart, we can control the situation. " ..... [It's the new year. Everyone, 17 years will only get better.] A 19-year-old girl masturbating on a live streaming platform exposed!

Follow the official WeChat account: meinvpai1 (long press for three seconds to copy) to watch online!