Chapter 372
===========

Gu Chensha hid underground and then separated a trace of Dan qi, attaching it to the sea of consciousness of a soldier captain. From his point of view, he saw the entire Sama Empire's civilization, religion, education, craftsmen, songs and dances, poetry, laws, and all sorts of local customs.

He was very curious about the civilization that Jing Qiu had created. He didn't look down on it at all.

A cultivator treated himself as a god and created a prosperous civilization. He wanted to strengthen it and pass it on for thousands of years. That in itself was a great achievement. From a certain perspective, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was the founder, and so was Jing Qiu. Both of them were doing the same thing.

However, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor wanted to reorganize the divine continent. It involved the gods, immortals, monsters, barbarians, saint families, and even the demon region. It was extremely complicated. Such a huge matter was far more difficult than forming a small country in the desert. But both of them had the same starting point.

"No wonder Jing Qiu has such achievements. The Sa Ma Empire he created has many good points. If he takes care of it and nurtures it, within 100 years, the population can increase by 10 times." Gu Chensha observed and thought. He discovered some key points of the Common People Heaven Mending Technique.

"There are two theories now. One is that heaven and earth are heartless and treat all living things as dogs. There are many living things in the world but they don't manage them, allowing them to develop and kill each other. The other is that heaven is merciful and rewards good and evil.

But according to the highest standards of the Celestial Dao, the Heavenly Dao is heartless. It doesn't care about life and death. "

Gu Chensha thought about it. "But when we cultivate to a high realm, we take care of all living things and treat them like crops. Which farmer doesn't love his crops? This is the Divine Dao. As for the Divine Dao, the saints are heartless and treat the people as dogs.

This is the difference between the Divine Dao and the Divine Dao. It can be said that the Divine Dao is close to the Heavenly Dao, while the Divine Dao is a heaven-defying Dao. Or rather, it is to use one's body to replace the Heavenly Dao. The Divine Dao is completely different. " Gu Chensha deduced again and again. He had many plans in his mind. He was very patient and waited for an opportunity.

At the same time, in the capital of the Sama Empire, in the deepest part of the main temple, there was a garden filled with formations.

Jing Qiu placed the Myrtle Imperial Star's profundity on the altar in the center of the garden and silently sat down. A strange energy seemed to wrap around it and gather on the Imperial Star's profundity. This power was the power of the entire Sa Ma Empire. It was somewhat similar to the Emperor's Qi.

Jing Qiu silently watched all of this. His face was a mixture of sadness and happiness. No one knew what he was thinking in the depths of his heart. In the garden, there were dozens of people.

Jing Fanxing was the leader, followed by Jing Yunhuang, Jing Yunqi, Jing Xing, Jing Zhi, Jing Xuan, Jing Kong, Jing Xue, and others who had all reached the Dao Realm. The elites of the Jing family were all here.

However, Jing Fanxing, Xing Xing, Jing Zhi, Jing Xuan, Jing Kong, Jing Xue, and the others had all been stripped of their potential and cultivation by Gu Chensha's Banish Immortals technique. They were now ordinary people. As for the other few elders, they weren't in the mountain and escaped.

For example, Jing Yunhuang and Jing Yunqi. One of them was at the Dao Realm Transformation 13 and the other was at the Dao Realm Transformation 9. Their strength was still there and all of them felt like they had escaped.

"I didn't expect the family head to actually build such a huge empire in the depths of the endless desert."

Jing Yunhuang was delighted. Apart from Jing Qiu, he was the person with the highest cultivation in the family. He was at the Dao Realm Transformation 13 and was just a step away from the Astral Soul Projection 14. "No one in the Jing family knows about this."

"This empire was meticulously nurtured by me. I began laying out the foundation a hundred years ago. The only reason I was able to cultivate to this level is because of this empire. It nurtured the energy of the people, and from it, I gained enlightenment of the ebb and flow of time, the impermanence of life, and the silent passage of time."

Jing Qiu said, "What a pity, what a pity. My original intention was to obtain the Common People's Wish sphere and use it to suppress the Sama Empire and the destiny of the Qiu Sect that I founded. However, I failed on the verge of success and even caused the Jing family to fall into enemy hands.

"Patriarch, my strength has completely disappeared, and I don't have any talent either. Even if I take pills and cultivate again, it won't help. Patriarch, please send me to the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth immediately. I'll ask the Sect Leader to activate the secret of the Celestial Gate and help me recover." Jing Fanxing was the most dispirited one. Even though he had escaped, he didn't feel happy at all.

His cultivation was gone and his talent was the same as an idiot. It was tough for him to even walk and he probably couldn't even kill a chicken. Not to mention returning to the Heaven and Earth Gate, he would die of thirst and exhaustion in less than 100 miles.

For the first time, he felt the fragility of ordinary people. It was like a high and mighty emperor who suddenly lost his country and his family. He became a beggar among the people and had to fight with wild dogs for garbage.

"It's useless for you to return to the Heaven and Earth Gate.

Although the Sect Leader is powerful, he can't do anything about your situation. If he could easily help you recover your strength, wouldn't he be able to mass produce immortals with the 22 Transformations of Heaven and Earth? "

Jing Qiu shook his head. "Even the three Celestial Venerables would find it difficult to deal with your situation, let alone the Black Heaven and Earth Gate. Unless they are willing to use some ancient treasures, such as the spirit medicine from the Primordial Tree, the Dragon Creation Qi from the Dragon Gate, or some supreme divine talismans from the ancient Emperor's sacrifice. These things can only be found by luck. How could the three Celestial Venerables be willing to give them to you? " "Gu Tanjian, Gu Tanjian has the Dragon Creation Pill. It shouldn't be difficult to get one from him.

As long as I consume it, I can recover my talent as an unparalleled genius. Furthermore, the Clan Head still has some Azure Dragon bloodline. It will not be difficult for me to recover my cultivation. "Jing Fanxing seemed to have grasped at a life-saving straw.

"Difficult, difficult, difficult."

Jing Qiu sighed once more. "Fanxing, the most important thing isn't your talent. It's that you're old and your potential has been exhausted."

"How is that possible? I'm just …" Jing Fanxing suddenly remembered that he had cultivated for hundreds of years in the depths of the Heaven and Earth Gate.

"That's right. You were greedy and advanced. You cultivated in the depths of the Heaven and Earth Gate for hundreds of years. You're actually already 500 to 600 years old.

Actually, your strength was taken away by the Banish Deity and you're really at the end of your rope. Normal people can't live for 500 to 600 years, so you'll quickly grow old. Your teeth will fall out, your body will stink, and you'll become demented. In a year, you'll die of old age. "

Jing Qiu's words sent chills down Jing Fanxing's spine. "If I hadn't used my technique to protect you, you'd probably be old by now. However, I can't protect you for long. At most, in three years, you'll still die of old age."

"What do I do, what do I do …" Jing Fanxing was on the verge of breaking down. He suddenly felt like he could die at any moment. This was something he couldn't take.

"Life and death are extremely terrifying, especially when you originally had hope of living forever."

Jing Qiu didn't care at all. "However, show your willpower and face it calmly. As long as you can comprehend the secrets of the Outliers beyond the Heavenly Dao, there's still a lot of hope for you. You were originally an unparalleled genius, a proud son of heaven, and your cultivation was smooth sailing. However, your fiancée entered the palace, and your personality changed drastically. You became eager for quick success and blinded by hatred. This is a great calamity, and now your cultivation has been completely crippled. There's no hope at all, and you can only wait for death. This is a calamity within a calamity, but there's always a way out. Even beyond the Heavenly Dao, there are Outliers. Right now, you're already in the deepest depths of hell. If you can rely on your own willpower to turn the situation around, your achievements will be ten times greater than before."

"Family Head, how can I comprehend the Outliers?" Jing Fanxing was like a drowning person who had grabbed onto a life-saving straw.

"The Dao of Outliers. Among the common people, among the lowliest of existences, there's a reason for survival. From ancient times until now, it wasn't the strongest who lived the longest. On the contrary, some of the lowliest existences were able to live on for generations."

Jing Qiu sighed. "But that's all I can give you. These are some of the principles I've comprehended while establishing the Sama Empire and operating the Dao of Divinity."

"What would you like me to do, Family Head?" Jing Fanxing seemed to have pulled himself together, and his eyes glittered.

"Participate in the politics of the Sama Empire and carry out a series of reforms. I can guarantee that you won't die of old age within three years, but you only have three years."

Jing Qiu said, "In these three years, you have to forget everything. Don't think about cultivation, and forget about life and death. Devote yourself to managing the government, managing the country, and developing your way of thinking. I want to see how far you can go. In governing the country, you will let go of the past, and become one with the common people. Remember, you only have three years. Abandon everything, forget everything, and be reborn. That's my advice to you. " "Yes." Jing Fanxing seemed to have understood many things.

"Great God, His Majesty the Emperor has come to listen to divine teachings." Just then, a prayer came from outside the garden.

"Let him in," Jing Qiu said. Crack!

The door to the garden opened, and a middle-aged man in a golden robe walked in. He wore a crown, and held a scepter. He looked to be in his forties, but was actually in his nineties. This middle-aged man was the first Sacred Emperor of the Sama Empire, Tie Muhan.

He knelt on both knees and paid his respects to Jing Qiu. "Great God, thank you for the gift of rain. The lowly ruler of the Sama Empire seeks an audience with you. " "Very good, Tie Muhan. You've done well."

Jing Qiu's divine voice rang out. "I've brought new emissaries from the Divine Central Plains. They all have my blood, and they will assist you in your politics. They will expand the empire's influence, and spread my glory to the distant Divine Central Plains."

"God's decree is supreme," Tie Muhan said without hesitation. "The lowly ruler will definitely believe in your Dao, and spread your glory to every corner of the world." "Very well. Go back and make the arrangements." Jing Qiu waved his hand. Tie Muhan once again prostrated himself on the ground, then left.