Chapter 756
===========

"God Maha isn't easy to deal with, but you are the Son of Heaven and have the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman. If you join hands with me, we can break through everything.

We can do the impossible, "Gu Chensha said." I can even help you remove the binding of the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman and then devour it. That way, we can truly unify the divine continent and kill everything.

"But let's not talk about him. I only know that now that you have killed God of Thunder, the imperial court can reform Thunder Prefecture. But pulling one hair will affect everything. Thunder Prefecture is easy to reform, but if the other aristocratic families see this, they will inevitably join hands to oppose the imperial court."

Wen Hong waved his hand. "As for your Heaven Mending Association, it actually became famous overnight. Although it operated in secret, it still attracted some people's attention. Right now, the capital is filled with crooks and honest folk, and many experts are hidden among them. Once the situation becomes complicated, it won't be easy to break. " "That will depend on the Son of Heaven's courage and determination."

Gu Chensha said, "The barbarians are a great scourge that must be eradicated. The aristocratic families are also scourges that must be reformed. In addition, the demons are scourges, and so is the immortal dao. These factors must be dealt with one by one, but they are not the root cause.

The root cause is the people of the world. They must wake up and reform to gather the strongest power. "

"So the Heaven Mending Association you created is to spread this ideology?" Wen Hong said. "According to the imperial court's laws, this is a cult. We must ban it. Do you know? " "This is the righteous path, the foundation that will never be uprooted."

Gu Chensha knew that Wen Hong's imperial thoughts were still too strong. "Uncle Wen, you must make up your mind to cooperate with me. Only then can you change the land. If you don't cause a ruckus, you won't be able to become a celestial sovereign and become a subject of the heavenly dao. In the end, you can only merge with the heavenly dao. Only by defying the heavens can you be respected by the heavenly dao. "

As time passed, Wen Hong became more and more convinced that Gu Chensha was telling the truth. "You want to deal with the Evil God? What do you need me to do?"

Because the truth was right before his eyes, he had no choice but to believe it. The Heavenly Dao Technique, the Son of Heaven's God Bestowment Art, and even the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art all gave him an extremely realistic feeling.

It was especially so when he cultivated the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art. His every move, his every breath, his every movement, his every movement, his every movement, his every movement, his every movement, his every movement, his every movement, his every movement, his every movement, his every softness. It was as though he was born from the depths of his soul.

This situation made him firmly believe that his supreme cultivation method was indeed created by himself.

After cultivating the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art, his skills had increased greatly, and he vaguely felt like he was comprehending a mystery.

One had to know that the current Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art was completely different from when Wen Hong first created it.

The Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art that Gu Chensha had imparted to him was the result of countless deductions and changes, the fusion of countless absolute arts, and the most fundamental profoundness of the stars. It could even reach the level of creating a cluster of stars and evolving the Heavenly Realm.

"In other words, even if there are no stars in the sky, I can still create millions of stars. I'm not borrowing the power of millions of stars, but rather, I'm the source of millions of stars, the founder of all stars. Without me, the stars wouldn't shine.

"This is the Dao of Stars, the pinnacle of immortality."

It could be said that Gu Chensha had obtained endless knowledge and wisdom, fusing them together to derive the Myriad Immortals Flying Immortal Art. With this, Wen Hong could achieve the Way of the Celestial Lord.

"You just have to wage war against the barbarians."

Gu Chensha said, "Mobilizing the power of the entire country in the past has many drawbacks in waging war. But now that I've refined the General of the People for you, there are supplies to pave the way, and the logistics are replenished. Not only will it be a piece of cake to deal with the barbarians, but the most important thing is to stimulate the morale of the people. Otherwise, the world will be lifeless."

"Waging war rashly, not to mention anything else, the aristocratic families, the rich, and the many officials of the court will not agree." Wen Hong said, "Are you going to use this opportunity to clean up the court?" "Of course."

Gu Chensha said firmly, "You have to. If any official fails to do his job, immediately take him down and replace him with the General of the People. Otherwise, where will you find an excuse to clean up the court? Dealing with the barbarians is the best excuse.

Your court has too many drawbacks, causing you to be unable to go to war even though you've obtained the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. You can only rule by doing nothing. "

"That's fine. Since that's the case, I'll really do something big. One more thing, I was able to unify the world and gain the recognition of many aristocratic families. Among them, The Great Spirit God played a big role. However, he is also a huge mountain pressing down on my head. If I don't get rid of this god, there will be endless troubles in the future." Wen Hong's eyes flashed.

Wen Hong was the Grand Preceptor of the Xian Dynasty. In the real world, the Xian Dynasty was destroyed by the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor. But in this dreamworld, the Xian Dynasty unified the world. However, the Xian Dynasty's royal clan, the Chen Clan, allowed Grand Preceptor Wen Hong to obtain the throne because of the divine decree of the Titan God. Since ancient times, the Xian Dynasty had been the territory of The Great Spirit God.

The faith of The Great Spirit God was deeply rooted, and it had even seeped into the mountains, rivers, and the earth. Even in the real world, it was very difficult to get rid of it.

Although the Xian Dynasty's Chen Clan was tyrannical, compared to the majesty of The Great Spirit God, they were still countless times weaker. It could be said that a single word from The Great Spirit God could change the emperor of the Xian Dynasty at will. This kind of majesty wasn't something an ordinary god could compare to.

Even among the barbarians, there was a huge conflict between divine authority and royal authority. Although divine authority was high and mighty, if one wanted to completely control the royal authority, it would still cause a strong backlash. This would cause the order of the land to decay, and it would even cause the faith of the barbarians to decline.

Gods needed a large number of mortals to offer sacrifices to them. This was to supplement the operation of the Divine Kingdom and quickly gather power. If there were no more believers to offer sacrifices to the gods, the gods would slowly wither and be devoured by other gods.

Therefore, no god would dare to neglect the management of the mortal world. They would try their best to expand, purify the faith, and offer sacrifices. Among all the gods, The Great Spirit God was the best. He had the strongest control.

Even now, Wen Hong had become the Son of Heaven. The Great Spirit God still had strong control over the imperial court. The "Dust Mojun" that Gu Chensha had transformed into was actually the blood of The Great Spirit God.

However, he had already completely dissolved it to prevent himself from being controlled by this cause and effect.

"The Great Spirit God must be killed, but it is extremely difficult for this god to kill him. I don't know if he has devoured the Voodoo Ancestor or not. That's good. I can kill The Great Spirit God in this dream world and gain experience. When I return to the real world, I will have many ways to deal with The Great Spirit God." Gu Chensha made up his mind.

He discussed a series of matters with Wen Hong again. After a few hours, he and Wen Hong moved and activated the power of the Heaven Sacrificial Decree.

Immediately, the Heaven Sacrificial Decree floated up. Waves of power surged and poured into the Divine Land Gourd.

Wen Hong used his Son of Heaven Aura to activate the Heaven Sacrificial Decree and help Gu Chensha refine the Divine Land Gourd.

Just like that, Gu Chensha once again completely suppressed Xing Qiongshi's will, making it even more powerless to resist.

Countless amounts of Divine Land Qi, as well as the Heaven Nourishing Qi and Heaven Reforming Qi, shot out from the Divine Land Gourd.

In the end, it formed a picture. On the Divine Land, all the people had the Heaven Nourishing Dao in their hearts. They also had the great spirit of reforming the will of the heavens. All of them were like dragons, and all of them were anomalies. They were not bound by fate or the Heavenly Dao. The future was an incredible, unfathomable era.

This was the Divine Land that Gu Chensha wanted to create. With the Divine Land as the center, it spread everywhere and formed an unstoppable wave of thoughts.

The Divine Land Gourd became stronger and stronger. After swallowing Divine Lightning God Country, it was already a small-sized world. But because of Xing Qiongshi's head, this small-sized world could compare to a medium-sized world.

Next, as long as he swallowed a few more God Countries and obtained the power within, he would be able to create a medium-sized world. Naturally, he had a series of plans.

"I will go deal with the evil gods now."

Gu Chensha completed the Divine Land Gourd's transformation and his strength increased. He had already locked onto his target, "Out of the many evil gods, apart from God Maha, the one with the most accumulations is the Chaotic Demon Ape. Apart from that, there is also the Thousand Transformation Stone Ape, Yin Yang Ghost Ape, and Diamond Fighting Ape.

These four apes actually have some sort of spirituality. If they are all refined into the Divine Land Gourd, there will be huge benefits. "

In the real world, Gu Chensha obtained the Ape Race's Ten Thousand Monster Human Transformation Painting and established the foundation of the People's Wish Sphere. Now, Gu Chensha wanted to subdue the Ape Race and obtain huge benefits.

He had already comprehended that the four great apes were actually existences formed from some kind of spiritual nature of heaven and earth. The Chaotic World Demonic Ape could throw the universe into chaos and dominate the world. It was fine when it didn't come out, but once it did, the world would be thrown into chaos. It was the embodiment of chaos. As for the Thousand Transformations Stone Ape, it had some kind of transformation origin within it.

After Gu Chensha obtained the four apes, he would be able to complete the Divine Land Gourd. That was because he would turn the four apes into Common People's Marquis.

Common People's Commander, Common People's Marquis, it was best if he used a god to create one. That way, he would be able to sweep the world. He didn't seal the gods but he changed them. Sou! He stood up, holding the gourd in his hand. Very quickly, he arrived in the sky above Mount Meru.

Mount Meru was very far away from the Central Plains and was the base of the Ape Race. Gu Chensha had come here in the real world and caused a ruckus once. At that time, because the Chaotic Demon Ape God had been sealed, the Ape Race had declined. But in this dream world, the Chaotic Demon Ape God was very strong, causing the Ape Race to prosper.

Gu Chensha stood in the sky and looked down. Large patches of forest had been planted with Purplish Green Immortal Peaches. Numerous apes were managing them, setting up formations, extracting spiritual energy, watering the peach trees, and getting rid of pests.

All of the apes were extremely strong. Some of them had clearly stepped into the Dao Realm. After they breathed in and out spiritual energy, they let out long roars that shook the heavens and earth. Even tigers and wolves were so frightened that they fell to the ground. The Ape Race was actually much more prosperous than the humans.