Chapter 334
===========

The 17th transformation of the Dao Realm, the Dao Splitting Soul Division, was the foundation transformation, and it was the preparation for breaking through to the 18th transformation of the Great Dao.

The three Nascent Divinities accumulated a huge amount of Essence, then refined their own Stellar Energy, fused them together, and formed a Golden Core. Generally speaking, the Golden Core was a combination of Primordial Spirit and Stellar Energy.

In terms of combat prowess, the Gold Core could compress and condense innate energy, increasing its quality by several times, or even ten times.

For example, right now, Gu Chensha's innate energy could only be stored in his Sea of Qi, in his acupoints, and in the depths of his meridians.

However, after forming the Gold Core, he could compress his innate energy into many talismans and combine them together to form a Gold Core. The Golden Core was a body of energy.

For those who had not formed their Gold Core, the quality and quantity of their innate energy were far inferior to those who had formed their Gold Core.

Of course, cultivating a Golden Core was extremely dangerous. If one was not careful, they would explode, destroying both their body and soul. This was equivalent to ordinary people making explosives. Many people died without a trace. Moreover, the condensation of a Golden Core was millions of times more dangerous than explosives.

Even with Gu Chensha's current aptitude, it would be extremely troublesome for him to cultivate to the Golden Core Realm. It was not something that could be formed instantly.

Under the effect of his three Nascent Divinities, the innate energy in his body condensed into numerous runes, which then condensed in the Danzhong acupoint on his chest.

There were three most important parts of the human body. The first was the Sea of Consciousness in the brain, the second was the Sea of Qi in the Dantian deep in the lower abdomen, and the third was the Tanzhong acupoint on the chest, also known as the Middle Dantian. It was a junction between the Upper Spirit and Lower Qi.

To condense a Golden Core, the Primordial Spirit in the brain would descend and the Gang Qi in the Sea of Qi would rise. They would intertwine in the sandalwood, growing and multiplying endlessly.

Once a Golden Core was condensed here, one's entire body would undergo a fundamental change. Unknowingly, one would seize life from the heavens and obtain a thousand years of lifespan. Then, it was time for the Dao Realm 19 Changes, Size Manipulation.

After forming a Gold Core, the fleshly body was relatively weak. That was why the 19th Transformation used the Gold Core to temper the fleshly body to the limit.

The limit was that it could be big or small. It could be as big as a thousand-feet-tall giant or as small as a speck of dust.

At this moment, his physical body had reached its limit. The vigor of his Essence Blood was no longer something a human could do.

At this moment, his physical body had reached its limit. His Primordial Spirit and Xiantian Gang Qi had also reached their limit. He had to reach the 20th transformation, gather and disperse, and combine the three elements into one to transform into magical power. The Power of Law.

On the way back to the new capital city, Gu Chensha pondered the problems of cultivation. He was very clear about his future path and changes. He had no doubts about what each change was and what it was for.

If it was the other embellishments of the Mysterious Gate of Immortal Dao, perhaps he wouldn't know the reason for the changes in each realm. However, he had received guidance from many Giant level experts, and he had even sacrificed many times to obtain the divination of the Heavenly Dao. Any changes in the overall situation were clear at a glance. His cultivation was meticulous, and there was absolutely no doubt about it.

In the depths of his sea of consciousness, the power of his Nascent Divinity descended, and in his sea of Qi, the innate Stellar Energy rose, converging at the Tanzhong meridian on his chest, entangling with each other. Under the effect of the Nascent Divinity, the Stellar Energy condensed, compressed, and finally transformed into runes. It was a long process.

"As expected, forming the Golden Core requires huge amounts of Earth Energy and Primordial Spirit. I used up a lot of the Stellar Energy in my body to form one rune."

Gu Chensha calculated inwardly, "Based on my speed, if I don't rely on external forces and just absorb Spirit Qi to produce Stellar Energy to condense a Golden Core, I'm afraid I'll need several years to condense a perfect Golden Core. Of course, this is because the cultivation technique I've comprehended is too profound, so the quality of the Golden Core I condense is extremely high. The energy required is too huge and pure. " Different cultivation techniques would cause the power of the Golden Core to differ as well.

Cultivating top cultivation techniques would naturally increase the strength of the Golden Core. However, there were downsides too. The stronger the technique, the harder it was to form the Golden Core. The success rate was low, and the danger was high.

For example, the Son of Heaven Sealing Technique formed a Golden Core that could suppress the gods and demons of the Nine Skies and Ten Lands. However, without the Heaven Talisman, it couldn't be formed. If outsiders tried to form it, they would definitely die. Huge amounts of Essence Energy exploded and turned to dust.

Gu Chensha's Golden Core was formed by the Common People Heaven Repairing Technique and the Common People Heaven Reforming Technique. The Golden Core had two sides that were perfectly merged.

The Common People Heaven Repairing Technique and Common People Heaven Reforming Technique were formed from the Son of Heaven Sealing Technique and the Great Massacre God Technique. Of course, they weren't as strong as the two techniques, but they were most suitable for Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue. They were the Daos that they comprehended themselves. The Daos that they comprehended themselves formed the Golden Core, and the risk was really small. In just a short while, Gu Chensha arrived at the new capital city.

After two to three days, the construction of the new capital city was close to completion. Giant palaces were erected, and there were even floating palaces that floated in the clouds. These were all created by the Celestial Designer Institute. This really was the Heaven Palace.

No matter who came to the city and saw the giant floating palaces, as well as the white jade stairs that stretched from the ground to the sky, they would feel a desire to worship it. The palaces in the sky that were wrapped in clouds were a miracle.

Although the Imperial Court didn't hold a ceremony, in truth, they had already started to move the capital.

Now, all the matters of the Imperial Court weren't handled in the Sky Bearing Pass Palace, but in the new capital city. The Calming Xian Division was also in the capital city.

At the outskirts of the city were many nobles and aristocratic families that spent large amounts of money to buy land and build manors on it.

One couldn't just say that every inch of land was worth gold anymore. Every inch of land was worth a sky high price.

Who would have thought that five to six years ago, this was a barren land filled with jungles and swamps? Poisonous bugs were everywhere, beasts were everywhere, and barbarian races were cruel. It was a really barbaric place. The power of the Imperial Court could flip the oceans and rivers.

The planning of the capital city was very orderly. The wide streets were all paved with stone mud. They were as firm as steel and there wasn't a single speck of dust on them. On both sides, there were wide rivers that flowed. On both sides of the rivers, there were Jade Green Celestial Peach trees. The peach blossoms were in full bloom, and the fragrance wafted about.

The Jade Green Celestial Peach was a variant of the Purple-Green Celestial Peach. Of course, its effect wasn't as good as the Purple-Green Celestial Peach, but it grew faster. Moreover, it could cultivate earth qi, improve the soil, and eliminate evil spirits.

Gu Chensha landed, but he didn't return to the Calming Xian Division. Instead, he went to a manor outside the capital city.

This manor covered an area of dozens of acres. If it was in the original capital city, it would be considered a mansion. But in this Barbarian Land, the land was wide, so it wasn't very big.

Fortunately, the servants around the manor were full of vigor and spirit. They had received good training and were smart and valiant. One could tell that the master of this manor was definitely a powerful figure. On the signboard in front of the gate of the manor were a few big words: Third River Count's Manor.

The first time Gu Chensha came here after coming from the Bottomless Sea of Sin was to find Third River Count.

This person married a woman from the Heng Family. Generally speaking, people thought that he was a henchman of the First Prince. However, a few years ago, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor punished the First Prince and stripped him of his military power. However, he promoted him to a minister of the Imperial Court.

Later, when the great calamity struck, Third River Count was in charge of the disaster relief. His contributions were outstanding and his ability was outstanding. Now, he was a pillar of the imperial court.

Gu Chensha knew that this person was extremely powerful and unfathomable. Furthermore, he wasn't determined to follow the Heng Family. He had his own ideals and a set of strategies for governing the country. Zhuge Ya had given him the idea to come and have a chat with this person.

In Zhuge Ya's evaluation of Third River Count, Third River Count was second only to Jin Suibo. He wasn't any weaker than the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises.

It must be known that Jin Suibo had always been mysterious and unfathomable. Later on, he became the Lord of Five Stars. In terms of talent, he was half an innate Saint. Even in the 72 Profound Gates of the Immortal Dao, it was difficult to find an existence that could compare to him. Jin Suibo, who was second only to the Lord of Five Stars, was extremely terrifying.

Gu Chensha arrived at the gate of Third River Count's manor. He didn't bring any attendants. He was alone.

"Halt!"

At this time, the guards at the gate roared when they saw someone approaching. Seven or eight armored warriors with warblades hanging from their waists surrounded them, waiting in formation. "This is Third River Count's manor. Unauthorized personnel are not allowed to approach."

"Go and report that Monarch Chen has come to pay a visit to Third River Count." Gu Chensha didn't directly barge in. Instead, he followed the usual protocol of visiting from the outside. Whoosh!

A person had already appeared at the gate. It was Third River Count. He immediately waved his hand. "How dare you block His Highness's way! Kneel! "

He immediately bowed. "Welcome, Your Highness. I didn't know that Your Highness had arrived and was impolite. Please forgive me, Your Highness."

"This is a sudden visit. As a private meeting, I wish to chat with Third River Count. There's no need to be nervous, and there's no need for such formalities." Gu Chensha waved his hand.

"Your Highness, please come inside." Third River Count's eyes flashed as he hurriedly led the way.

Logically, when officials and nobles visited each other, they would send someone to deliver an invitation first. It would be easier for the other party to make arrangements. Such a sudden visit was actually very rash.

However, Gu Chensha was a prince with a noble status. He was now one of the three heads of the Calming Immortal Department. No one in the court dared to look down on him. Some ministers even felt that he had the air of a king and could inherit the throne in the future. Among the many princes, he was the only one who had been in the limelight in recent years.

The two came to the depths of the manor. Third River Count sent all the attendants away and brewed tea for Gu Chensha alone. "I know that Your Highness has recently been suppressing demons at the broken seal of the Bottomless Sea of Sin. You've refined an ancient Heavenly Demon Tree and killed countless demons. If not for Your Highness, I'm afraid another Devil Disaster would have broken out in Sin Province. The court would have to expend a lot of effort to suppress it." "The Devil Disaster is no small matter. I've had some effect suppressing it there. But with the expansion of the Devil Disaster, I'm afraid I won't be able to hold it for long. "

Gu Chensha knew that Third River Count had a profound cultivation and must know something about him in the Bottomless Sea of Sin. "If the court and the rear are stable, I'll have some confidence in suppressing the Devil Disaster. But I'm afraid that the situation of the court is not stable. If there are internal and external troubles, it will be difficult to continue." There was a double meaning in his words. Third River Count didn't speak and remained silent.

Gu Chensha didn't intend to let him go. He continued to ask, "Third River Count, do you know that the first person I came to when I came back from the Bottomless Sea of Sin was you?" "I don't know," Third River Count answered quickly.