Chapter 876
===========

One Second Remember 09, providing you with exciting reading. Chapter 873: Foresight

"Gu Chensha, you're so fierce. Aren't you afraid that you'll die without a burial in the future?"

Gao Yuanxin was furious. "You actually want to destroy the future Heavenly Court. This is actually the end of the world. Without the Heavenly Court to maintain order, the world will collapse, and everyone will cease to exist. If you stop your foolish actions now, the world can still be saved. "

"Heavenly King Dong Hua, this kid knows nothing. He thinks he's the reincarnation of the Infinity Treasure."

Gu Chensha smiled. "I know that the you in front of me is not your real body. Your real body has already merged with the Hong Meng Tree and is hidden. But do you think I can't find you?" "How can you find me?

With those three useless Celestial Venerables? "The transparent man in the long robe, Heavenly King Dong Hua's incarnation, sneered.

"Not necessarily."

Gu Chensha said, "Those three Celestial Venerables are traitors. On the surface, they've pledged allegiance to me, but in reality, they've already followed you and are ready to plot against me at any time. Isn't that right?

But with their little cultivation, they're trying to win from both sides. They're simply digging their own graves. "

The three Celestial Venerables had originally pledged allegiance to Gu Chensha, and Gu Chensha had even set up some kind of restriction on them. But Gu Chensha knew that the three Celestial Venerables had no loyalty at all. They were as cunning as the Great Spirit God. The three Celestial Venerables had long pledged allegiance to Heavenly King Dong Hua, and even received some kind of blessing from the Emperor Of Heaven. They were still deceiving him, but Gu Chensha treated them as clowns.

The three Celestial Venerables still had some fate in them, so Gu Chensha wasn't going to kill them. From Gu Chensha's point of view, the three Celestial Venerables hadn't fully fattened up yet. Once they were, he could kill them.

The three Celestial Venerables wouldn't be loyal to anyone, not even the Emperor Of Heaven. They would absorb the fate of the Emperor Of Heaven's camp to strengthen themselves. This way, it was equivalent to weakening the future strength of the Heavenly Court.

Now that the future Emperor Of Heaven of the Heavenly Court was in hiding, Gu Chensha had devoured the origin of the Gate Jin Heavenly King, and the Punisher Heavenly King was under his control. The other Heavenly Kings, such as the Innocuous Heavenly King, the Blazing Heavenly King, the Calamity Heavenly King, the Chaotic Heavenly King, the Grand Overarching Heavenly King, the Donghua Heavenly King, and the Wisdom Heavenly King were all against him. However, their strength was nothing compared to the Heavenly Venerate Gu Chensha. [Zero ↑ Nine △ Small ↓ Say △ Net .09 】

Gu Chensha was going to use the force of a thunderbolt to eradicate all the Heavenly Kings. In the future, the backbone of the Heavenly Court would be the Nine Heavenly Kings, the Master of the Sun and Moon. If he subdued the Nine Heavenly Kings, the future fate of the Heavenly Court would be further weakened, and the power of the Emperor Of Heaven would be reduced. This would create more opportunities for Gu Chensha to defeat the Emperor Of Heaven.

However, Gu Chensha knew that the battle between him and the Emperor Of Heaven in the future would be extremely tragic. Even if the Emperor Of Heaven lost everything, it would not be easy for him to defeat him.

This had already involved some kind of battle of the highest realm. Whoever won would win the eternal future. This was so important that Gu Chensha knew that if he wanted to win, he would have to pay a terrible price and suffer unbearable pain in the end.

Of course, he would not compromise because of this. At this point, he could not compromise. He had to go all the way.

"Go!"

The transparent man in the robe, Heavenly King Dong Hua, had long known that Gu Chensha's power was monstrous. Now that he had found him, even if it was only an incarnation, he must not let it fall into his hands. Otherwise, with the means of the other party, he could refine this incarnation and find the location of his real body. Buzz … Heavenly King Dong Hua unfolded his robe and wrapped Gao Yuanxin. Then, he began to flee quickly.

However, with a slight movement of his body, Gu Chensha had already turned into an article, a picture scroll, covering the sky and the earth. It slowly unfolded, covering the sky and the earth, completely sealing off this place. It seemed that at this moment, the laws of the Heaven Realm had lost any effect under his tyrannical power. Instead, all the ideas and laws of Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra were replaced.

After becoming a Celestial Lord, Gu Chensha's combat power had in fact surpassed that of the Divine Essence Realm, and he had the taste of competing with the Heaven Realm. Kill!

Heavenly King Dong Hua's robe suddenly flew up and turned into a huge tree. This tree grew strong and strong, absorbing all the vitality, interfering with the expansion of Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra, and even began to absorb Gu Chensha's energy and cultivation.

"Primordial Transformation, giving birth to all things. Connate Supremacy, God of the Dao."

Heavenly King Dong Hua pointed with a backhand finger. Suddenly, thousands of fruits formed on the tree. These fruits were actually Connate Spiritual Treasures. Countless Connate Spiritual Treasures shook slightly, flew out, and then gathered together, exploding one after another. In the end, they exploded everywhere, shattering the Connate World into chaos. Endless explosions combined, and it was even more powerful than the Primordial Dragon Thunder.

In itself, the Primordial Tree was the strongest of the three magic treasures, surpassing the Sacrificial Decree and the Primordial Dragon Gate.

"Oh?

Primordial Transformation, Path of Primordial Chaos. No wonder you are ranked third, Heavenly King Dong Hua. You do pose some threat to me. Unfortunately, this is still useless. Even if you use the real Primordial Tree, I can still collect it directly. "Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra wrapped inside.

"Shameless boasting."

Heavenly King Dong Hua said, "Gu Chensha, you are only here as a clone. Actually, I know what your real body is doing. It is suppressing the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wildernesses. Your real body wants to circulate its cultivation and collect the Four Wildernesses, but it is extremely difficult. Apart from that, the changes in the Divine Prefecture will gradually become more and more difficult for you to suppress.

Moreover, the trends in the country are constantly changing. As time passes, you will not be able to keep up. This clone of yours cannot suppress me at all. Wisdom, Zenith Heaven, Chaos, hurry up and help me out! "

As Heavenly King Dong Hua shouted, three beams of light suddenly appeared. As the three beams of light changed violently, they turned into a huge mass of chaos, a net-like mass, and a brain-like thing. The manifestation of these three things was the Chaos, Zenith Heaven, and the clone of Wisdom.

The Four Heavenly Kings all gathered together, each of them circulating their own transformations and unleashing their strongest attacks.

"Useless chickens and dogs!"

Gu Chensha sneered, "If you nine Heavenly Kings join forces and gather together to form the great formation of the future Celestial Court, you might be able to withstand it. Apart from that, you guys are no match for me at all."

As Gu Chensha was speaking, the Dragonless Cultivation Technique circulated continuously. It was unknown where the power had come from, but it suddenly expanded by 10 times. Rumble!

First, Heavenly King Dong Hua's clone fell within, and then the Heavenly King of Wisdom's brain clone fell into the Dragonless Heart Sutra's chapter.

On the other hand, the clones of Chaos and Zenith Heaven suddenly exploded. It was unknown what secret technique they used, but they actually sacrificed themselves to prevent Gu Chensha from grabbing their clones. In other words, they had the ability to self-destruct in front of Gu Chensha. Gather!

Gu Chensha moved slightly, and the Dragonless Heart Sutra's chapter first wrapped around Heavenly King Dong Hua, Heavenly King of Wisdom, and Gao Yuanxin. Then, an endless amount of power circulated.

The chapter of the Dragonless Heart Sutra wrapped around the two clones and Gao Yuanxin, absorbing all sorts of information. With a long roar, all of the power on Gao Yuanxin's body was absorbed by the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and the Infinite Eye fell into his hands.

After that, the clone of Heavenly King Dong Hua and Heavenly King of Wisdom were digested as well, and more information appeared on Gu Chensha's body.

"Heavenly King Dong Hua, Heavenly King of Wisdom, I've caught hold of your true bodies."

A smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face. He then looked at Gao Yuanxin, who had turned into an ordinary person, "Gao Yuanxin, our imperial court has not treated you badly. To think that you would hate us so much. I really don't understand. Back then, you were just a farmer, and your family was oppressed for generations. But after our dynasty was established, we gave you education and martial arts, allowing you to become a cultivator. And yet, you have a deep hatred for our imperial court. If this isn't ingratitude, then what is?" "These small favors of yours are nothing compared to the righteousness of the Heavenly Dao."

Gao Yuanxin cursed out, "Gu Chensha, even if you've taken away my Infinite Eye, you can't make me submit!" "Righteousness of the Heavenly Dao?"

Gu Chensha shook his head, "You're just an ordinary person now. If our imperial court doesn't protect you, you'll be devoured by the demons immediately. You'll be harmed by the demons, and you'll be oppressed by the other immortal cultivators. But now that you have our imperial court, you can still lead a peaceful life." As he spoke, his body moved slightly, sending Gao Yuanxin back into the Divine Prefecture.

Gu Chensha had no intention of killing Gao Yuanxin. To him, a small fry like Gao Yuanxin was not worth killing. Moreover, he was no longer killing people now. To him, killing people was meaningless. Once he defeated the Emperor Of Heaven, everything would move according to his will. In fact, he could even change the hearts of people.

'After absorbing two clones and getting the Infinite Eye, my Dragonless Mental Magic is a bit more complete.

But it's still not enough. Last time, I only got ninety-nine percent of the knowledge of the Ancient Civilization, so my Dragonless Mental Magic isn't complete. If I can get the complete knowledge of the Ancient Civilization and the secrets of the One God System, I'll be able to reach the Heavenly Longevity level. If I devour the system and the battleship, I'll be able to reach the Heaven Origin level. '

Gu Chensha calculated. "Right now, the system and the battleship have chosen the Ancient Mystical Sand, which is still within Father's control. The Ancient Mystical Sand can't do anything right, but it can only spoil things. When the bloodline in his body slowly seeps into the battleship, causing the battleship's system to be unknowingly infiltrated by the Gu Family's bloodline, the system will not be able to turn back.

By this point, Gu Chensha was looking at things from Gu Taxian's point of view. He was looking at the dao of heaven. Other than him, no one could possibly contend with him. Mobile users, please browse M. Read for a better reading experience.