Chapter 366
===========

Gu Chensha obtained a total of two Fallen Celestial Talismans from the Common People's Wish ball.

One of them was obtained from the Second Prince, Gu Xuansha, who was now the Crown Prince. This talisman contained the wills of three Celestial Venerables, and it was no small matter. Unfortunately, Zhuge Ya had used some methods to refine it into the sphere, which instead made the sphere complete and suppressed the will left behind by the North Star Emperor.

The other was obtained from Jing Fanxing, who had used the Banishing Immortal Talisman when Jing Fanxing tried to assassinate him.

But this talisman was just ordinary and didn't contain the will of the three Heaven Venerables. It merged into the depths of the Common People's Wish ball and obtained many secrets.

Gu Chensha had been comprehending such a technique but it was tough for him to succeed. But after merging with the Gou Chen bloodline, his body merged with the five elements and seasons. His body reached a rarely seen realm. With this as his foundations, his Golden Pellet transformed. With the two of them working together, he was actually able to comprehend the Fallen Celestial Technique.

The most amazing thing about the Fallen Celestial Technique was that it could strip one's talent and give it to someone else. This was an unbelievable technique.

Gu Chensha stripped Jing Fanxing of all his powers, cultivation, bloodline, and even talent, turning him back into a normal person.

A talisman appeared in his hand. This talisman was similar to the Fallen Celestial Talisman. It kept spinning and contained everything about Jing Fanxing.

Of course, this talisman could only be used to craft treasures or to refine a strong existence. It couldn't be given to others.

This talisman was formed by stripping Jing Fanxing of all his cultivation. If he tossed it to a stupid person, that person would become an expert at Dao Realm 22 Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth. Normal people would just explode and turn to dust. Even Golden Core experts would explode and disappear from the world.

Gu Chensha's cultivation could slowly absorb it, but it was of no use to him. Jing Fanxing's talent was of no use to him. Gu Chensha's talent had already surpassed Jing Fanxing's. Gu Chensha's talent was of no use to him.

After killing Jing Fanxing, he had obtained five Creation Dragon Pills and a talisman condensed from his cultivation base. However, he had not obtained any Dharma treasures.

At the 22 Transformations of Dao Realm, Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth, one's body could transform into all sorts of magical treasures. No magical treasure's power could compare to one's own transformation. Basically, at this realm, magical treasures were useless, unless it was a god weapon made by a god or the legendary connate spiritual treasure. Unfortunately, Jing Fanxing did not have any of these.

In the belly of the mountain, all of the disciples of the Jing Clan had their cultivation bases and latent talent stripped away by Banished Immortal. The geniuses Jing Xing and Jing Zhi had become fools.

These disciples did not even have the strength to truss a chicken. They no longer had the ability to do evil. The cultivation and aptitude of these disciples were also transformed into small talismans.

"Open!"

Gu Chensha once again used the power of the Life's Wish sphere to tear open space. He sent the talismans, including the Creation Dragon Pills and even the talismans formed from Jing Fanxing's cultivation base into the depths of the Life's Wish sphere.

At the same time, there were many pills, armor, talisman spears, as well as gold and silver stored by the Jing Clan in the belly of the mountain. Gu Chensha naturally would not let them go. He took them all and sent them into the sphere to become the wealth of the Celestial Calmness Department.

The revenue of the Celestial Calmness Department accounted for eighty to ninety percent of the world's finances. With this kind of tax revenue, the Yongchō would be able to build schools everywhere. At the same time, it would train officials and the army, expand the country's territory, and prosper.

Seeing that Governor Han Wuqin was pitifully weak compared to the Jing Clan, Gu Chensha knew that the Yongchō's government system needed to be strengthened.

The Jing Clan had almost caused a disaster this time. If the Wu Clan, Legalism, Lei Clan, Heng Clan, and Fan Clan, or any of the other Sage Clans had acted at the same time, or even just one of them, the matter would have been extremely troublesome. The imperial court would not have been able to suppress it.

After all, the Yongchō had only truly unified the world in the twenty-first century. Although the government system was perfect, it was far from being able to compare to the thousand-year-old clans.

"Jing Fanxing, how do you feel now?"

Gu Chensha looked at Jing Fanxing, who had become an ordinary fool. "I won't kill you for now. When the government comes to arrest you, I'll punish you and see who can save you."

The current Jing Fanxing was not even comparable to the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman he had received six or seven years ago.

"Damn it, Gu Chensha, don't get too full of yourself."

Jing Fanxing was extremely resentful. The hatred in his heart was enough to drown the heavens and earth. "Your Celestial Calmness Department won't get any benefits either."

"I know that you used your magic power to create clones to assassinate many of the leaders of the Celestial Calmness Department. Alas, it's useless. Can you still sense your magic power clones? We've already eliminated them. "How could Gu Chensha not have calculated this move?

"Gu Chensha, as long as you don't kill me, I can still recover my strength. You're underestimating the Black Heaven Earth Gate's power." Jing Fanxing spoke weakly, as if he was having a nightmare.

"Very well. I actually hope that the Black Heaven Earth Gate will save you and help you recover your magic power at all costs. That way, I'll absorb your power again to feed my Heavenly Demon Tree."

Gu Chensha patted Jing Fanxing's face, which was red and swollen. Jing Fanxing felt a piercing pain, and with a furious roar, he pounced at Gu Chensha.

However, as he pounced, he tripped over a rock and fell to the ground. His forehead was bruised, and fresh blood flowed out.

"I've really become a normal person. A normal person …" Jing Fanxing was truly dumbfounded at this moment.

Walking unsteadily, tripping over a rock, and falling to the ground to bleed … this was something that would not happen to a person with a bit of martial arts training, yet it had actually happened to him.

The moment he was born, he was a top talent and had extraordinary strength. He was sent to the Black Heaven Earth Gate to cultivate and had always been high above. He had never experienced such a thing before.

A moment ago, he was at the Dao Realm 22 Transformation, Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth. He could fly in the air and use spells to form all things, but now he couldn't even walk properly. Even a small hooligan on the streets could beat him up. The difference was just too huge.

Gu Chensha looked at the changes in Jing Fanxing's emotions and laughed coldly. His body moved, turning into dust and leaving this place.

He didn't bother about Jing Fanxing anymore. These disciples had all become stupid and couldn't even pick up blades. They were just a bunch of chickens. He would leave the rest to Han Wuqin.

He wanted to capture and kill Jing Fanxing, but now he changed his mind. He only used the Banish Celestial Technique to extract his bloodline and power. He wanted to fish. Sou! He drilled into the mountain and returned to the governor's manor.

Governor Han Wuqin had already given out many orders. At the same time, he gathered the generals to discuss matters. It was already night time when he waited for Han Wuqin to finish, so he wasn't in a rush.

At that moment, Han Wuqin walked in and knelt down on one knee. "King, I have already arranged the troops, bailiffs, and constables in the entire Jing State City. I have also contacted Six Doors, Arrest Division, Blood Iron Guards, and other government agencies to monitor the Jing Family. But I suspect that there are spies from the Jing Family among them. " "It is okay. It is time to clean them up."

Gu Chensha did not think much of it. In the face of great power, these things were nothing. He could use this opportunity to purge a group of traitors who were disloyal to the imperial court. "Order General Huo Di of Changding Residence to go to the nearby mountain and capture Jing Fanxing and the Jing family's disciples. Jing Fanxing has been crippled by me, and all the Jing family's disciples have lost their martial arts." "Yes!" Han Wuqin was delighted and hurried out to give the orders.

'The rest depends on whether Zhuge Ya can capture Jing Qiu. Also, I wonder who the reincarnation of Xing Chen will be in the Jing Family?' Gu Chensha was thinking about these things.

About two hours later, a voice suddenly came from outside. "Blood Iron Guard's Commander in Jing State, Tian Kang, requests to see King." "Come in."

Gu Chensha frowned. The Blood Iron Guard belonged to the Blood Iron Marquis. It was the highest and most mysterious supervisory agency of the imperial court. Before the Calming Immortal Bureau, the Blood Iron Guard was responsible for arresting Dao Realm experts among the people. They even monitored Immortal Dao experts. Arresting criminal officials of the imperial court.

The Blood Iron Guard had a Commander's Residence in every state. The person in charge of the Commander's Residence was the commander of the army. His status was equal to that of the governor, but he wasn't controlled by the governor. He also supervised the governor and kept them in check.

At the door, a person walked in. This person was wearing a suit of armor. He was tall and burly and had an explosive strength. The armor he was wearing was actually the Great Dragon Armor. There were countless runes carved on it and it was constantly gathering spiritual qi.

"Your Highness, this subordinate is the Iron Blood Guards Jing Prefecture's Marshal Tian Kang. My armor is on and it's inconvenient for me to participate. Please forgive me, Your Highness." This person clasped his fists without any etiquette, causing Gu Chensha to frown.

If he was wearing a full suit of armor, he definitely wouldn't be able to bow. However, he was wearing the Great Dragon Armor. The armor could shrink and shrink freely. There was no such thing as inconvenience. This was the arrogance of the Blood Iron Guard's Jing State Commander.

"Why are you looking for me?" Gu Chensha asked.

"King, this subordinate would like to ask why Han Wuqin gave the order to capture all the Jing Family disciples. I didn't receive any orders from above. It seems that King can't act arbitrarily for such a big movement. You have to send a report to the imperial court, discuss it in the study room, and have the Crown Prince issue the royal seal." Tian Kang's tone actually had a hint of questioning in it.

"Oh? So you don't agree to capture the Jing Family disciples? "

Gu Chensha smiled, "Jing Fanxing tried to assassinate me. The evidence is conclusive. The Jing Family rebelled and created chaos under the heavens. The evidence is also conclusive. This case will be handled by my Calming Immortal Department. Do you have any objections?"

"The Calming Immortal Department deals with external affairs. As for the internal affairs of the imperial court, it will be handled by us, the Blood Iron Guard. In short, I still hope that King will follow the imperial court's procedures and submit the evidence of the Jing Family's rebellion to the imperial court for them to decide.

The Calming Immortal Department may be powerful, but you can't break the law and act unscrupulously. "Tian Kang spoke with justice.