Chapter 638
===========

Jing Fanxing's hatred for Gu Chensha did not diminish with the passage of time.

Instead, it became more and more profound. Right now, he wanted to obtain a fortuitous encounter and increase his strength once again. He wanted to raise himself to the God level, or even the Saint level, or even stronger. Only then could he have a chance at revenge!

Wan Senshi's suggestion was for his true body to stand guard over the Holy Sama Empire and handle various affairs, painstakingly managing them. Meanwhile, his clone would travel to the Divine Central Continent and obtain a fortuitous encounter.

However, he felt that this would be too inefficient. His clone would be weak, and his luck would be low as well.

The fortuitous encounters obtained by his clone would be far less than if he had come with his true body. This was because most of the luck would be with his true body.

Moreover, his clone would be weak. What would he do if he encountered a treasure and someone tried to snatch it?

His clone was no match for him. Thus, after much consideration, Jing Fanxing decided to come with his true body.

In truth, he had his reasons for not listening to Wan Senshi. He knew that Wan Senshi treated him like a puppet. If things went wrong in the future, he might also be devoured by Wan Senshi.

Thus, he had come to the Divine Central Continent, hoping to obtain a decent fortuitous encounter and then break free from Wan Senshi's control.

On his way to the Divine Central Continent, he had indeed obtained a few decent treasures thanks to his luck. However, none of these treasures were particularly powerful and could allow him to ascend to the heavens in a single step. Thus, he still had to wait.

"I must quickly cultivate to the God level."

Jing Fanxing looked at the changes in the mountains outside. "The old capital should be the place with the most fortuitous encounters. As long as it explodes, I will definitely be able to obtain a supreme treasure. When that time comes, there will be hope for me to kill Gu Chensha." "Jing Fanxing, do you really want to kill me so badly?" At this moment, a mocking voice rang out.

"Who is it?!"

Jing Fanxing was shocked. He jerked his head around and saw a person sitting on a chair in his room. It was Gu Chensha. He immediately came to his senses and flew up, intending to flee.

He knew that even if he received Wan Senshi's guidance and recovered his cultivation, he would still be no match for Gu Chensha. Even Wan Senshi himself could not destroy the Tranquil Fairy Department, much less him. However, he crashed into a patch of fog and bounced back, falling into the Daoist temple.

"It's useless."

Gu Chensha laughed. "Jing Fanxing, I didn't expect you to recover your strength and advance further. You even obtained a treasure bestowed by Wan Senshi. It seems like the world will be thrown into chaos." "Gu Chensha!" Jing Fanxing howled like a wounded wolf as he pounced forward.

However, when Gu Chensha moved his palm, there was an invisible force that pushed Jing Fanxing back repeatedly. The two of them were indeed not on the same level.

"Jing Fanxing, don't waste your energy. Even if Wan Senshi were to personally come, it wouldn't be easy for him to deal with me. You're also an experienced and knowledgeable person. Don't tell me you don't even know the power of a dimensional realm? "

Gu Chensha did not immediately attack Jing Fanxing. He still wanted to probe and observe to see what exactly Wan Senshi had up his sleeve.

"Gu Chensha, what are you trying to do? The person behind me, Wan Senshi, is not someone to be trifled with. "

Jing Fanxing was trying his best to think of a way to escape. "If you don't want Calmness Immortal Department to suffer a devastating blow, you'd better not attack me."

"Wan Senshi has declared an all-out war against my Calmness Immortal Department, and we have to do our best to wipe out the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals." Gu Chensha stared at Jing Fanxing carefully and held out his palm. "Give it to me." "What?" Jing Fanxing was taken aback.

"The magical treasure given to you by Wan Senshi."

Gu Chensha pointed to the map and asked, "There seems to be something similar to my Tree of Desire in this map, and it's even more brilliant. I wonder what it is? Wan Senshi gave it to you, but you can't do anything with it. So, give it to me. " "Gu Chensha, don't go too far."

Jing Fanxing's heart shrank into a ball. Before he met Gu Chensha, he had a monstrous hatred for him. But now that he had met him, he just wanted to run away immediately and never meet him again.

Gu Chensha's aura was so powerful that it pierced through the sky and the earth. Wave after wave, it made him feel extremely oppressed, and gave him a feeling that he could not defeat him.

"If you don't want me to get your treasure, I can not deal with you. After all, since I crippled you last time, you have been in the Holy Samar Empire and have not harmed the Divine Land or the imperial court. Although you hate me very much and always want revenge, which is definitely a hidden danger to the imperial court, you have not done any evil. I don't want to cripple you like I did last time. "

Gu Chensha said, "But, if you join my Divine Land and pray all the time, I can spare your life. What do you think?"

"I have Wan Senshi's protection," said Jing Fanxing. "Gu Chensha, you can't do anything to me." Jing Fanxing was still trying to think of a way to escape.

"Wan Senshi is just using you as a pawn," said Gu Chensha. "Jing Fanxing, don't you understand?

The Calming Immortal Department is sincere in serving the world. We don't care about hypocrisy, and we don't plot against our own people. We don't covet our own treasures. Actually, the hatred between you and the Calming Immortal Department isn't that big. It's all because of Wu Dangkong. You can see that Wu Dangkong is a piece of trash. He's stupid and greedy, and he cherishes his body for the sake of great things. He forgets his own life for the sake of small gains.

If you hang around with him, you will die sooner or later. Why don't you join me? You can definitely achieve great things. I will help you increase your cultivation level immediately. "

"I don't believe you," said Jing Fanxing, trying to buy time. His tone was much more relaxed. "You can help me break through? How? " "Bow of Liberation, Arrows of Permanence and Impermanence!"

A bow appeared in Gu Chensha's hand, along with two arrows. Smiling, he said, "This bow and arrow was originally a precious treasure of the Fan Clan. However, it requires the ultimate secret legacy of a Buddha in order to unleash its true power. The Fan Clan can't even use it. However, in my hands, it's even more profound and mysterious than in the hands of a Buddha. That's because I've cultivated a Heaven-Dao magic. From ancient times until now, no one has ever been able to cultivate a magic like that, not even Wan Senshi. By baptizing this bow and arrow with a Heaven-Dao magic, not only will it be able to unleash its full power, but it will also grow. Who knows what it'll eventually evolve into.

Now that I've activated the Heaven-Dao magic and poured it into it, I'll be able to use its supreme power to help you gain enlightenment. Isn't that only natural? "

"This bow and arrow …" A hint of greed appeared in Jing Fanxing's eyes. He knew the power of this bow and arrow. This treasure was different from other connate spiritual treasures. It was the most special and powerful one. Hearing that it could grow under the nourishment of the Heaven-Dao magic, he had some ideas. "Then how about you use this bow and arrow to help me increase my cultivation level first?

If you're that sincere, we can forget all our past grievances, and I'll join the Calming Immortal Department. I can see that you're very generous, so I'm sure you'll do that. " "No problem at all." Gu Chensha suddenly drew the bow, drew an arrow, and aimed it at Jing Fanxing.

"You … what are you doing?" Jing Fanxing looked like a frightened quail.

"It's fine. This arrow isn't going to kill you. It's going to help you free yourself. However, I need your cooperation." Gu Chensha said, "Have you seen the true meaning of liberation on this sword?

I'll let you comprehend the true meaning of Buddhism. As long as your heart doesn't resist, you'll be able to gain enlightenment. "

Gu Chensha had said so much to Jing Fanxing so that his heart wouldn't resist. Then, he would use the Bow of Liberation and the Permanence and Impermanence Arrows to kill his way into Jing Fanxing's heart and convert him. That way, he could avoid some of Wan Senshi's tricks.

After all, Wan Senshi hadn't completely controlled Jing Fanxing's heart, and he hadn't brainwashed him yet.

If Jing Fanxing joined the Calming Immortal Department on his own, that would mean that Wan Senshi's plan had completely failed. Wan Senshi would have failed in a battle of hearts.

As such, the current situation was that it didn't matter whether Jing Fanxing was killed or not. The most important thing was to fight with Wan Senshi. Moreover, even if Gu Chensha attacked Jing Fanxing now, he might not be able to kill him.

Wan Senshi would definitely sense something major and set up a secret technique. He wouldn't let his pawn die just like that. But if Jing Fanxing changed his mind, things would be different.

"The Bow of Liberation, the Permanence and Impermanence Arrows, and you are Buddha.

It just so happens that I have connections with the Buddhist Sect and know some of their wondrous techniques. I can activate them and draw in the power of the Paramita Golden Mountain. In addition to the power of my dimensional realm, not only can you break free of the shackles that Wan Senshi has placed on you, but you can also swallow up Wan Senshi's achievements. I came here this time to train you, not to kill you. That will depend on how you see it. As they say, riches and honor come from danger. "

Gu Chensha seemed to have grasped Jing Fanxing's heart. "Look, the people of the Calming Immortal Department are all independent and free. I haven't schemed against them or bound them. If you join forces with an old antique like Wan Senshi, you will only be eaten.

The world is in full swing. If you stand on the wrong side, you will be consigned to eternal damnation. Think carefully. I'll give you a chance now. If you can grasp it, there won't be any problems. " "That's fine."

Jing Fanxing wanted to buy time, but he also thought to himself, 'If this person wants to kill me, it won't be easy. So, he wants to change my side. I'll give it a try and see if I can get any benefits from him. The Bow of Liberation and the Permanence and Impermanence Arrows really do have the power of enlightenment.'

"What do you think?

Do you want to take this gamble? "Gu Chensha looked at Jing Fanxing. He could see through Jing Fanxing's mind.

"Fine!" Jing Fanxing's eyes became sharp. "In this day and age, riches and honor come from danger." Whoosh!

Gu Chensha suddenly used the Heavenly Dao Magic, pouring it all into the Bow of Liberation and the Permanence and Impermanence Arrows. Then, the two arrows shot out in unison, arriving in front of Jing Fanxing in an instant.

Jing Fanxing opened his body, not resisting, allowing the two arrows to pierce into the depths of his soul. Buzz … Jing Fanxing's body started to vibrate like a bell. Buddhist musical notes and the power of liberation were all stimulated in his body.