Chapter 673
===========

Fighting with Xing Qiongshi was something that Gu Chensha had already planned. At least within this dimensional realm, he didn't fear Xing Qiongshi.

Right now, he had accumulated a lot of energy. Since ancient times, no one had ever succeeded in cultivating the Heaven Dao Arts. No one had ever succeeded in cultivating a dimensional realm and becoming the creator of a dimensional realm before reaching the God Realm. All of this energy was stored in his body and didn't explode out.

If he faced immense pressure, he would release it all, allowing Gu Chensha's cultivation base to reach the pinnacle. At the same time, Gu Chensha would be able to peek into his opponent's secrets. The Heaven Dao Arts could penetrate through anything.

Gu Chensha's fist turned into the Way of Devouring in the face of the finger that could suppress the heavens and the earth. A huge whirlpool was formed, and he himself became a part of the whirlpool.

"The Heaven Dao Universe, encompasses all transformations, devours all phenomena, and creates life."

The whirlpool that Gu Chensha turned into wrapped around the finger flick. With a loud bang, his body turned into a huge dragon gate. This was the Desolate Dragon Gate.

The transformations of the Heavenly Dao Technique were all real. Gu Chensha had devoured the talisman condensed from the will of the Desolate Dragon Sect, so he had an extremely deep understanding of the Desolate Dragon Sect. The transformations of the Desolate Dragon Sect continued to circulate and actually completely dissolved the power of this finger.

"Good. Desolate Dragon Gate Transformation. With your Heaven Dao Arts cultivation base, you have reached great heights. You do have the flavor of the Desolate Dragon Gate."

As Xing Qiongshi spoke, he flicked out another finger. This finger was even more ferocious than the previous one. It tore through the Infinite Worlds, transcended the ancient times, and possessed all sorts of transformations. It could shatter the most beautiful hope in the depths of one's heart, causing one to feel incomparable despair.

"Sacrificial Talisman Transformation!"

In the face of Xing Qiongshi's second attack, Gu Chensha transformed again. A Sacrificial Talisman appeared in his body and blocked the second attack with the talisman. But what followed next was Xing Qiongshi's third finger.

This finger was silent, but its might was far greater. Wherever it went, even the strength of a dimensional realm was forced to retreat.

"Grandmist Tree Transformation."

Gu Chensha unleashed his own transformation again, and a Primordial Tree rose up to block Xing Qiongshi's third finger strike.

Right now, he was split into three parts. One of them was the Dragon Gate of the Wilderness, the other was the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, and the last was the Primordial Tree. These three supreme treasures were able to absorb all three of Xing Qiongshi's finger forces.

"Not bad, not bad. These three changes of yours have given me quite a bit of inspiration. However, these three changes are not enough to escape my punishment."

Xing Qiongshi didn't stand up. Instead, he continued to sit beneath the World Tree. This time, he didn't snap his fingers. Instead, he opened his palm and reached out. This palm strike was much more ferocious than the previous three fingers.

When fighting against Xing Qiongshi, Gu Chensha had a feeling that there was always a taller mountain. The first finger attack had clearly already reached the limit of the Heaven and Earth, and it was impossible for there to be an attack that was stronger than this. However, the second finger attack was still stronger than the first. In other words, every single one of Xing Qiongshi's attacks could break through Gu Chensha's limits. He kept shattering some of the things that Gu Chensha knew.

Now that the palm was about to grab him, Gu Chensha suddenly felt like he couldn't resist it at all. This was Xing Qiongshi's true strength.

Facing this palm attack, Gu Chensha suddenly retracted his three forms. The Dragon Gate of the Wilderness, the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, and the Primordial Tree all returned to his original form. By this time, Xing Qiongshi's palm was already pressing down. Under the pressure of this palm, Gu Chensha's body began to shatter inch by inch. However, as soon as it shattered, a continent was born.

This continent was divided into 99 prefectures, which were none other than the Central Plains Divine Prefecture.

"Xing Qiongshi, since you've imparted to me the cultivation method and secrets of the 100th level of the Divine Prefecture, I'll activate it. Let's see if you can break through my divine prefecture." Gu Chensha's entire body transformed into a divine prefecture.

He'd created a minor divine prefecture into a minor chiliocosm, and had enough experience in doing so. The divine prefecture he'd transformed into was towering, connected to the infinite worlds, and seemed to be the center of the infinite worlds. All of his power was concentrated into a single point.

Xing Qiongshi's palm slammed into the divine prefecture of the Central Plains. His expression didn't change, and he said coolly, "You're actually using my divine prefecture to deal with me? You've got some tricks up your sleeve, but alas, it won't work." The hand crushed the divine prefecture.

Xing Qiongshi's hand descended, covering the entire divine prefecture of the Central Plains that Gu Chensha had transformed into. He wanted to crush it, but the divine prefecture slowly began to revolve, making it so that Xing Qiongshi's hand was unable to crush it any further.

"Eh?" Xing Qiongshi's eyes shone with a strange light. "Is the Heavenly Dao Magic able to activate my divine prefecture in such a miraculous manner?"

He once again circulated his own power, but no matter how much he tried, the divine prefecture didn't budge. In fact, as he circulated his power, he actually managed to refine Gu Chensha's divine prefecture even more tightly and sturdily.

"Ahahaha! Many thanks to Lord Xing Qiongshi for your refinement. My cultivation base has risen by quite a bit."

Gu Chensha's aura began to boil and the structure of his magic power changed once more. The massive power of space seemed to break apart, fuse together, connect, and finally create layers upon layers of space. These layers of space and the power of the dimensional realm fused together, finally producing an even stronger strength. Gu Chensha's realm increased.

He reached the 28th transformation, the Vacuum Shattering Realm. Since he absorbed the Buddhist Sect's civilization, he had accumulated enough. Before reaching the God Realm, he wouldn't face many obstacles. Now that he was fighting with Xing Qiongshi, under huge pressure, he absorbed the power of Xing Qiongshi's attacks to push his own transformation to a higher realm.

The greatest benefit of reaching the 28th transformation, the Vacuum Shattering Realm, was that he could create a temporary space. Especially with Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Magic cultivation, he could create a stable space ring.

At the 27th transformation, the Seamless Two World Realm, he just had the power to tear open space. He couldn't extract the essence of space to create his own space.

Once Gu Chensha reached this realm, he would be able to use the space essence to better control the medium-sized world. Within the medium-sized world, Gu Chensha's control would greatly increase. Naturally, he would be able to resist Xing Qiongshi's attacks.

"You actually used my pressure to raise your cultivation. Not bad, but I am starting to understand your Heavenly Dao Magic." Xing Qiongshi stopped, "As expected, out of Heaven Talisman Emperor's sons, you are the most outstanding." "Let's spar."

Gu Chensha said, "The benefits are huge. I want to spar with Lord Xing Qiongshi more. But you didn't complete what you said? If that is the case, then I will have to use the Heavenly Dao Magic to seep into your body. "

Gu Chensha's words were filled with killing intent. Xing Qiongshi's words were actually an insult to him. Even if he was Xing Qiongshi, he wouldn't dare to speak to him like that.

In truth, he recruited Xing Qiongshi into his medium-sized world because he was ambitious. He wanted to refine Xing Qiongshi and turn him into nutrients for the World Tree. That way, he would be able to reach the highest realm.

Xing Qiongshi also wanted to refine his medium-sized world but it was like asking a tiger for its skin.

Gu Chensha had fought with Xing Qiongshi for a while and used his strength to reach the 28th transformation, Vacuum Crushing. He roughly understood Xing Qiongshi's strength, so he definitely wouldn't allow Xing Qiongshi to do whatever he wanted in his medium-sized world.

At the very least, he had to let Xing Qiongshi know that he wasn't someone to be offended. He was the owner of the medium-sized world and Xing Qiongshi actually dared to say such things. That was just too arrogant. So, Gu Chensha started to counterattack.

He made it clear that he wanted to use the Heaven Path Technique to seep into Xing Qiongshi's body. He wanted to see what other methods Xing Qiongshi had.

Now that his cultivation base had increased by leaps and bounds, if Xing Qiongshi were to fight him again, he would be able to use the pressure exerted by Xing Qiongshi to push his cultivation base to the 29 Transformations, the Sense of Primordial Chaos realm. This realm was different from the rest of the world. He would be able to use his own will to absorb Primordial Chaos origin power, enrich his own space, and refine all sorts of treasures with ease.

When he reached the 29th transformation, Comprehend Chaos Realm, he was just a step away from God Realm. As long as he turned his Space Domain into a small world, it would be complete.

Not to mention anything else, if Gu Chensha reached the 29th transformation, then the Common People's General would rise too. All of them would be able to reach the 29th transformation and their ability to suppress the world would be different. He was prepared and Xing Qiongshi wouldn't be able to do anything to him.

If he reached God Realm and comprehended the mysteries, he might be able to refine Xing Qiongshi here. This was where his confidence came from.

"As expected from someone with the Heaven Path Technique. I underestimated you."

When Xing Qiongshi heard Gu Chensha's rude words, he didn't get angry. Instead, he closed his eyes and comprehended once more, "I really want to see how good your Heaven Path Technique is. You actually want to enter my body? " "Okay."

Gu Chensha smiled, "I might not have had confidence when I was at the 27th transformation, but with your help, I reached the 28th. My cultivation is much higher than before. Xing Qiongshi, you have to be careful."

While speaking, his body changed and he actually turned into a light breeze and rain that covered Xing Qiongshi.

A black energy surged out from Xing Qiongshi's body. It seemed to be able to isolate everything and form its own body. It wasn't part of the three worlds and couldn't be invaded at all. This was the true nature of crossing the 36th transformation.

"It seems like you still don't know what it means to cross the 36th transformation and become a Heaven Sovereign.

The so-called Heaven Sovereign is someone who has grasped an aura that is outside of the Heaven Path. Although it can't compare to the true Heaven Path, it is actually a vassal state that doesn't need to follow the Emperor. "Xing Qiongshi said," It is temporarily impossible for your Heaven Path Technique to enter. " "Is that so? I would like to try. "Gu Chensha used all his abilities and didn't hold back at all. 8