Chapter 560
===========

Jiang Qi was stabbed by Gu Chensha's fierce gaze. He was so terrified that his soul started to tremble and he couldn't say a word.

"Kid, you are still far from it. Moreover, your heart isn't right and it is unavoidable that you would be controlled by people like Xing Qianxiong. If we hadn't saved you, you would have ended up as a sacrifice. Now, at least you can live and we won't kill you. Although you want to rebel, after all, you are Jiang Gongwang's bloodline. In the future, you can manage Jiang Gongwang's temple." Zhuge Ya said.

"Mr. Zhuge, this kid has bad intentions and he will probably cause trouble in the future. His cultivation is at Dao Realm Transformation 15, Heaven Eye Hanging Space, and he has the ability to cause trouble. We can let him live but his cultivation has to be removed." Gu Chensha knew what Jiang Qi was thinking. He showed his hatred towards Calming Celestial Bureau many times.

He circulated his palm and suddenly moved. He had already used the Banishing Immortal technique, which directly slapped onto Jiang Qi's body, completely crippling all of his martial arts. At that moment, Jiang Qi became a normal person. Ah!

Jiang Qi screamed and he felt really weak. He knew that all his cultivation was gone. During these few days of cultivation, he knew many things. This was the Fallen Celestial Palm of the three Heaven Venerables.

"You! You actually trashed all my cultivation! Calming Celestial Bureau, I am irreconcilable with you!

If you don't kill me today, in the future, I will definitely come back and make all of you slaves. "Jiang Qi couldn't take the pain of losing all his cultivation and screamed out.

"Send this person out and keep a close eye on him. Make him farm, clean the streets, and do all sorts of things to atone for his crimes." Gu Chensha waved his hand, and instantly, a general appeared and grabbed Jiang Qi.

"This kid's thoughts can't be changed and he will probably cause more problems in the future." Zhuge Ya sighed, "But at least we have to keep his descendants alive. It is not good to kill them." "His crimes are actually death."

Gu Chensha waved his hand dismissively. "However, since we're going to take the World-Burying Coffin, it's all thanks to Jiang Gongwang. Keep a close eye on Jiang Qi. In the future, when he marries and has children, his descendants can worship Jiang Gongwang and create a new clan." "That's the best way," Zhuge Ya nodded, "Cripple this kid's cultivation and lower his ambition."

"I used the Banishing Immortal Palm to extract his cultivation and 99% of his bloodline. Now, this kid can only marry a wife and have children to continue his bloodline."

A talisman with blood-colored runes appeared on Gu Chensha's palm. "This Jiang Gongwang's bloodline can help us summon the World-Burying Coffin." "Everything is ready."

Zhuge Ya waved his hand and a clump of will descended. It was a will formed from black energy streams. It was Xing Qianxiong's nascent spirit. All of the power of the nascent spirit had been absorbed and it was now like a clump of a ghost. Any cultivator would be able to destroy it. "Xing Qianxiong, we won't kill you. What do you want to do with this clump of nascent spirit?"

"I can't believe you tricked me this time. When the ancestor wakes up, he won't let you off!" Xing Qianxiong's nascent soul shrieked.

"It doesn't matter. If the Xing Qiong Clan dares to come, we have nothing to fear."

Gu Chensha waved his finger, activating the Divine God Grand Magic. The Wish Tree spun, and a set of Divine God Ferocious Armor appeared.

He grabbed Xing Qianxiong's nascent soul and slapped it into the armor. "Xing Qianxiong, you used to be the Divine God Ferocious Armor. I'll turn you back into armor, but you're the Divine God Ferocious Armor. You can live. Go."

Gu Chensha casually tossed Xing Qianxiong out of the sphere and into the depths of the Wilderness, leaving him to fend for himself.

Xing Qianxiong turned into the God Continent Ferocious Armor and his cultivation dropped from God Realm to Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body Realm.

"King is really skilled. You didn't kill Xing Qianxiong and used him as bait. You might be able to fish out more of Xing Qiong Clan's secrets."

Zhuge Ya said, "Xing Qianxiong's dust world and all his businesses have been absorbed by us, so there isn't much use in killing him. Why not use him as bait?"

"I am also using Jiang Qi as bait. Jiang Qi was discovered by Wu Dangkong, and it is very likely that Wu Dangkong will continue to nurture him.

For example, Jing Fanxing has recovered some strength, so in the future, we can harvest him once more. "Gu Chensha said," Okay, shall we start the summoning now? " "I've been prepared for this for a long time."

Zhuge Ya cast a spell, and an enormous astral altar appeared in the chiliocosm. "Actually, I don't need Jiang Gongwang's blood to do the summoning. This is the Lord of Seven Star's own will, and it's far stronger than Jiang Gongwang's. But with Jiang Gongwang's blood, the summoning will be much easier.

"The Divine Land's Demon Sealing Lantern has imprisoned a large number of devils in the dust world. I will now use the Mahayana People's Purification Scripture to expel the devil qi from these devils, turning them into humans, cultivators."

Gu Chensha grabbed the Divine Continent Devil-Sealing Lantern and watched as Zhuge Ya used it. He floated into the air, and his entire body turned into a golden cloud made of tiny scriptures. Then he entered the Divine Continent Devil-Sealing Lantern. As soon as he entered, he saw the state of the dust world.

The dust world was barren. Most of it was desert, yellow soil, and completely devoid of life. Occasionally, there would be a few green saplings and lakes, but they were all scattered about.

It was similar to how the Heavenly Demon Tree had stolen all of the life force from the Common People's Wish sphere.

At the very least, a good microscopic world would have beautiful scenery, suitable for living beings to live in and reproduce. In this way, more and more living beings would appear in it. Then, God would guide them to pray, and the gathered power of faith could expand the world, strengthen it, and form a virtuous cycle.

Unfortunately, the Divine Continent Devil-Sealing Lantern was a temporary dust world. Xing Qianxiong had created it to house the devils and brainwash them. Before they died, he would squeeze out their faith. How could he possibly run a dust world like this? In fact, he didn't even care if the devils lived or died.

After the devils entered the dust world, most of them hadn't reached the Dao Realm, so they needed to eat and drink.

Even more terrifying was that even Dao Realm cultivators who wished to absorb spiritual energy would have to open up the greyspace of the dust world. Otherwise, they would be unable to absorb spiritual energy at all. Unless, of course, there was Spiritual Qi in the Minute Dust World.

It was obvious that the dust world in the Divine Continent Devil-Sealing Lantern didn't have spiritual energy. When Gu Chensha entered, he saw the same hellish scene.

Many demons killed each other and ate their companions to maintain the continuation of their lives. There were piles of white bones everywhere, and dirty blood spilled on the yellow sand, turning it into rotten mud. Although these demons had been brainwashed, their instincts were still there. They were completely like walking corpses, and other than eating and drinking to maintain their lives, they could only pray.

Although some of the stronger beings were locked up by Xing Qianxiong, they were still struggling and trying to escape. Gu Chensha even saw a demon dragon who comprehended chaos at the 29 Transformation of Dao Realm.

This demon dragon was nearly at the God Realm, but for some reason, he was actually captured by Xing Qianxiong. He was heavily injured and sent into the Divine Continent Devil-Sealing Lantern.

Apart from that, there were also some demons at the 25 Transformation of Undying Body, 26 Transformation of All Techniques Return to One, 27 Transformation of Two Worlds, and 28 Transformation of Vacuum Shattering.

These demons all had high statuses in the Demon Race. But they faced Xing Qianxiong, who had swallowed the Peerless Heaven Book.

Originally, even if a Deity level expert were to hunt down twenty or so demons, the experts behind those demons would come out to stop them. However, Xing Qianxiong had the support of the Xing Qiong Clan, so some Demon Gods and Demon Saints could only turn a blind eye to it.

Moreover, the Demon Region was huge and some solo experts were like second and third rate experts in the Celestial Path Sect. If they had no background, then they would be captured and locked up.

"So many Demon Race experts. This Xing Qianxiong is really strong, relying on Xing Qiongshi's strength to capture people in the Demon Region to get the World Burial Coffin. He isn't afraid that the Demon Race will join hands to deal with him. But it doesn't matter. Even when God Maha was here, he wasn't Xing Qiongshi's match. The demons are really afraid of the God Land Demon Sealing Lantern." Gu Chensha observed the situation within and shook his head. Sou! He backed out and felt like there was no way he could purify them.

Firstly, he didn't have enough power. Secondly, some strong Demon Race existences, even if he strengthened them, would cause a lot of problems in the future. For example, that 29 Transformation Demon Dragon. He probably used the power of the world to brainwash it. If something happened, the Demon Dragon would still wake up. Unless he had Xing Qianxiong's ability, then he would be able to suppress it.

He was just a Dao Realm 23 Transformation cultivator. To control such experts was like a kid raising tigers and wolves. It was really dangerous. Instantly, he gave up on his original thoughts.

"I should just let the Wish Tree swallow all these demons to evolve."

Gu Chensha sighed, "Although it is a waste, we can solve this once and for all. These demons can't compare to Celestial Path Cultivators. Moreover, Xing Qianxiong didn't create this small world. " The small world needed to be managed.

For example, Gu Chensha managed the Small God Land. Spiritual energy flowed and the land veins were thick. Everyone was happy to cultivate, plant, and convert living beings. This formed a good cycle.

As for the dust world of the Divine Land's Demon-Sealing Lamp, it was a complete mess that was difficult to change. Gu Dusha could change it, but it would take too much power. Time did not allow him to do so, so it was better to let the Tree of Desire absorb it once and for all.

He tossed the lantern and the Wish Tree's branches pierced through the small world and started to absorb the demons within. Slowly, the lantern was totally absorbed. Kacha kacha!