Chapter 433
===========

Gu Chensha listened to their conversation and laughed coldly in his heart. However, he didn't alert them. He left once more and entered the depths of the sea. He was still at the place where the Xingqiong Clan was being suppressed. He wanted to obtain the jade mountain to increase the power of his 3,600 generals.

As he didn't have enough materials, although each general had the bloodline of the Heaven Talisman Emperor, they weren't strong enough and their cultivation wasn't strong enough. If he came here to replenish himself, he would definitely be able to achieve something.

Gu Chensha decided to swallow all of them and refine them into normal cultivators. That way, he would be able to have 3,600 Dao Realm Transformation 20 Impermanence Gathering and Dispersing Cultivators. Even the Celestial Dao Sect probably didn't have such a huge puppet. Sou! He directly sank down and entered the depths of the sea. But then, he was stunned.

That was because he realized that the giant jade mountain was gone. It totally disappeared and all that was left was the pitch black bottom of the sea. At the depths of the sea, there was a giant twisted space tunnel that led to who knew where.

But threads of demonic energy seeped out from within. This made Gu Chensha suspect that the twisted space tunnel led to another demon region.

"What's going on? How did this happen? "

This time, even Gu Chensha didn't know what was going on. The last time he came, Xing Qiongshi disappeared. This time, even the jade mountain was gone.

"Could it be that Wu Dangkong came and melted the jade mountain?"

Gu Chensha frowned, "Impossible, Wu Dangkong doesn't have such strength. This jade mountain is so huge and with her cultivation, even if she melted it for a hundred years, it would be useless. There is another possibility which is that Xing Qiongshi took it away?

That is the highest possibility. Although the jade mountain can only be melted by the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique, Xing Qiongshi has shocking strength and she definitely hid many things when negotiating with me. "

Gu Chensha felt that it was a great pity that the jade mountain had disappeared. To him, it was the best material. If he could melt the entire jade mountain, he would definitely be able to refine an invincible puppet army. But now, the treasure that was easily within his reach had disappeared without a trace.

As for the space-time tunnel that seemed to lead to the Infernal Domain, Gu Chensha did not care. The water pressure in the depths of the sea was extremely high. Even if a Golden Core Realm devil came out from there and encountered the pressure, he would be smashed to pieces unless he had cultivated Dharmic powers. This meant that it was impossible to cause a large-scale disaster. Of course, strict precautions were unavoidable here.

"What a waste, if I strengthened the strength of 3,600 Common People God Generals and laid out a formation, I would have more confidence in dealing with that Dou Nineteen." After observing for a long time, Gu Chensha felt that Xing Qiongshi had really left and Jade Mountain had disappeared. He didn't want to stay here any longer.

As for whether or not the space-time tunnel led to the Infernal Domain, he wasn't prepared to find out. The mysteries of space-time were really dangerous. Once one entered, there was a high chance that one would be lost within and it would be hard for one to come out. In the chaotic space-time, even the Common People's Wish ball could not sense it.

Gu Chensha always planned before he acted. He definitely wouldn't ask for trouble. Although he wasn't afraid of things, he wouldn't take unnecessary risks.

This time, he accepted the invitation of the Yin Yang Ghost Ape and entered Small Sumeru Mountain not because he was rash but because he had thought of all sorts of plans. He contacted Wen Hong, Chang Weiyang, and Taixuan City's experts to take the initiative and cause the ape race to suffer heavy losses. Sou! Gu Chensha left this place.

After he left, there seemed to be a demon eye opening in the pitch-black space-time tunnel. It saw the entire situation at the bottom of the sea. After a long while, the demon eye closed. This place seemed more and more mysterious and unpredictable.

"I wonder where the other parts of the Xingqiong Clan are sealed?"

Gu Chensha thought to himself, Although we obtained the ancient Seven Star Lord Jiang Gongwang's memories, we only got a small portion. We didn't get the memories of where the Xingqiong Clan is sealed. He returned to Baoyu Country and wasn't in a rush to attack Dou Nineteen.

Dou Nineteen had eaten a transformation fruit and could change into anything. His methods were no weaker than the Thousand Transformation Stone Ape's. He was also cunning and definitely had many clones. Maybe this was just one of his clones. Anyway, after observing for so long, Gu Chensha still couldn't see through Dou Nineteen.

As for Li Rongguang, Gu Chensha could see that his cultivation was between the 23rd Dao Realm Transformation Past and the 24th Dao Realm Transformation Future. This person had come with his true body and didn't have a clone. It was obvious that he had come to the human world to train and didn't hold anything back. He wanted to immerse himself in the mortal world and comprehend the mysteries of time.

The best way to comprehend the mysteries of time was to immerse yourself in the mortal world and experience the vicissitudes of life.

Zhuge Ya had used a clone to comprehend it, but he had succeeded. That was because he was the Lord of Seven Star. He was at the pinnacle of natural born Saints. No one could compare to him.

"Dou Nineteen's talent is at the pinnacle of geniuses, but he hasn't become a natural born Saint. From this, I can see that even the three Empyreans can't turn someone into a natural born Saint. That's a huge threshold. Only the ancient Dragon Gate can do it." Gu Chensha continued to observe. He had been observing for several days and nights. He was very patient.

"Dou Nineteen was setting up a spell at the bottom of the sea, but I broke it with Tai Xuan City's talismans. He shouldn't have discovered it yet. I feel like I need to make some noise to lure him to the depths of the sea." After thinking for a long time, Gu Chensha thought of a plan. He returned to the place where the Xingqiong Clan was sealed and suddenly exploded with magic power. It was the magic power of the 3,600 God Generals. Gu Chensha didn't activate his Core Qi. He hadn't cultivated magic power yet.

As soon as he activated it, he sensed more than ten powerful auras sweeping over. Dou Nineteen was the first to appear.

Dou Nineteen was an expert at the 25th transformation of the Dao Realm with an undying body. The strength of this realm was unquestionable.

Up until now, Gu Chensha had seen three people with an undying body: Jing Qiu, Ape Desolation, and Dou Nineteen. Based on his calculations, Ape Desolation was the weakest and he could deal with it.

Jing Qiu was the strongest. He hadn't seen Dou Nineteen's true strength, but based on his aura and comprehension of the dao, he definitely wasn't as strong as Jing Qiu.

Jing Qiu had the Heart of All Ages. He had created a civilization and relied on himself to achieve his current realm step by step. Dou Nineteen, on the other hand, was born with the strongest backing. Even the sons of the sect leaders of the major immortal sects were far inferior to him. From a certain perspective, he was a spoiled brat. If Jing Qiu and Dou Nineteen fought, Dou Nineteen would definitely be toyed to death by Jing Qiu. Gu Chensha believed that without a doubt.

Jing Qiu was still managing the Sa Ma Empire in the depths of the desert. Gu Chensha wasn't prepared to find trouble with him as he couldn't do anything to him.

However, once he dealt with the various matters in the God Continent, Gu Chensha would have to meet Jing Qiu sooner or later.

"How did this happen?"

Dou Nineteen came here and saw the situation. He was shocked and his expression became really ugly. "Where did it go? The jade mountain suppressed Xingqiong Clan's head. How did it disappear? This is not good! " "What? Xingqiong Clan's head escaped? "

The dozen or so members of the Perpetual Extermination Alliance looked around with ashen faces, as if they were afraid that Xingqiong Clan's head would appear and swallow them whole.

"Don't panic. Perhaps the world has changed, and many loopholes have appeared."

Dou Nineteen calmed down. "That fluctuation of magic power just now was very weak, but the restrictions I set up in the past disappeared. The newcomer must be very powerful. "

"Senior Brother, this is no small matter. Xingqiong Clan's head has disappeared without a trace. This is no longer something we can handle. We have to report this to the three Celestial Sovereigns. Otherwise, we'll be in big trouble, "Li Rongguang said hurriedly.

"I'll set up an altar right away and communicate with Father."

Dou Nineteen knew that something big was about to happen. Even if he became a god, he wouldn't be able to do anything about it. "However, Father and the other two Celestial Sovereigns are in some unknown space-time. They're trying to capture and control the Primordial Tree. They're trying to fuse their will into the tree and refine it.

Father has been doing this for the past few thousand years. As long as he succeeds, any powerful existence in the world will be suppressed! Even Gu Taxian is no exception. " "Capture the Primordial Tree?"

Gu Chensha didn't dare to take this news lightly. He cultivated the Heavenly Demon Tree, so he knew how powerful the Primordial Tree was. Thinking about it, even Xingqiong Clan's body had been torn apart by the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd condensed on the Primordial Tree. From this, it could be seen that the Primordial Tree was countless times stronger than Xingqiong Clan. However, since the three Celestial Sovereigns had a plan, it wasn't impossible for them to succeed.

They were like a virus slowly invading the Primordial Tree, using all kinds of methods. It was possible that they could steal some of the Primordial Tree's source and control a small part of its power.

Even so, the three Celestial Sovereigns' strength would probably increase by many times. At that time, the Tranquil Immortal Department would be completely destroyed.

However, now that Gu Chensha knew this news, there was nothing he could do. The three Celestial Sovereigns and the Primordial Tree were no longer something he could hope to achieve.

However, this also gave him a good piece of information. The three Celestial Sovereigns were carrying out their plan and had no time to care about other things. This gave him some time to do whatever he wanted for now.

At the very least, the three Celestial Sovereigns wouldn't come looking for trouble if he killed Dou Nineteen.

"Senior Brother, the three Celestial Sovereigns are carrying out a grand plan, so we can't compare them. However, the other god-rank Senior Brother should be coming to preside over the situation. With our current strength, we can no longer control the situation." Li Rongguang was still very worried.