Chapter 261
===========

"Replacing the world's officials with puppets …" Gu Chensha came back to his senses, "That's right. As long as the officials are human, they will have desires and will definitely form cliques for personal gain. If we replace them with intelligent puppets, they will be just and diligently work for the court. The world will definitely be governed and will bring true fairness."

"In the end, the emperor did not carry out this plan because the court is not big and people can manage it. Moreover, if the officials do not have utilitarian hearts, they will instead lose the will to improve." Lou Baiyue sighed, "However, in order to expand our power, we can only create these puppets." "This puppet should be quite extraordinary. Can we create it with our abilities?" Gu Chensha asked.

"We don't have the ability, but if we capture Jing Fanxing, Sword Emptiness, and Emptiness Emptiness, we can use these three souls as the base material to create an Endless Consul, which will take the shape of an Endless Consul. Actually, in this world, whether it is a god or the Heavenly Dao, they all need souls. Souls are the best raw material, "Lou Baiyue sighed.

"So that's how it is."

Gu Chensha suddenly understood. He used the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman to kill and offer sacrifices, which was to use souls to buy various items from the Heavenly Dao. This was a transaction in itself.

Establishing faith for the gods and making many believers worship them was also a process of collecting pure souls. The quality of a devout soul was like pure gold that was extracted from ore.

Gu Chensha now had a deeper understanding of the essence of the soul, and he was no longer the ignorant youth of the past.

"It's not appropriate to make Jing Fanxing, Jian Chengkong, and Xiao Wujin into the embryonic form of the Endless Consul."

The Fourth frowned, "These three are the most outstanding disciples of the Heaven Earth Profound Sect, Nine Swords Profound Sect, and Crimson Firmament Profound Sect. If we kill them, the Three Great Profound Sects will fight us to the death. With our current strength, we are definitely not a match for the Three Great Profound Sects."

"As such, we need to slow down this matter. If we can wait for ten years, we will be fully fledged, and our cultivation will not be comparable to today's." Lou Baiyue's tone was somewhat urgent. Gu Chensha knew that what he lacked now was time to settle down.

He had learned countless peerless cultivation methods and had peerless magic treasures to aid his cultivation. If he could go into seclusion with Lou Baiyue for three to five years and cultivate diligently, he would definitely be able to reach a shocking realm when he came out.

Unfortunately, the situation of the world was changing rapidly, and it was like a raging fire. He wouldn't be given three to five years of closed door cultivation, and he could only occasionally take time out to cultivate.

"I can't create an Endless Consul, but I've figured out a way to create a Heavenly Soldier Puppet."

Gu Chensha said, "I've combined the 28 Constellations Fiend God Transformation, the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art, various talisman arts, the Dao of Buzhou, and the Great Massacre God Art. It seems like I can try to create something similar to the Herculean Heavenly Works Demon God, but I'll need your help, Baiyue." "Oh? We can give it a try. "Lou Baiyue's eyes flashed.

"I've comprehended my own Dao, and transformed the Clumsy Fist into the Life Heaven Mending Art. The principle of my comprehension is that the Heavenly Dao has flaws, and the Life Heaven Mending Art has flaws. Thus, I've comprehended various secret arts, and came up with a new idea."

Gu Chensha moved his finger, and a starlight gathered. It twisted and flickered, and turned into many runes, and finally formed a human figure. This person gradually grew bigger, and was completely naked. There were tattoos on his body: an azure dragon on his left, a white tiger on his right, a vermillion bird on his back, and a black tortoise on his chest. He stood on seven stars, and floated in the air, exuding great power. But as soon as he took form, the person standing on the seven stars dissipated.

"This is the Heaven Mending Divine General that I want to create." Gu Chensha said, "But with my current mana, I still can't form it." "Yes, it's still lacking some experience."

Lou Baiyue looked carefully, "Creating a puppet is different from an Avatar. An Avatar is just an amalgamation of energy, but a Heavenly Soldier Puppet is a separate entity, and is equivalent to a spiritual treasure." "I know about this."

Gu Chensha thought deeply, "The Twenty-eight Constellations Fiend Transformation is to cultivate the Avatars of the twenty-eight Constellations Lords, and store Xiantian Qi. This is also the limit. The Avatar is related to the person's psyche. The stronger the psyche, the more Xiantian Qi the Avatar can store.

But if one's psyche is not enough, forcefully cultivating it will not be able to control the huge amount of energy, and the Xiantian Qi will go out of control, and the Heavenly Soldier Puppet will explode into dust. Things like that have nothing to do with the person. "

Therefore, when a cultivator's realm is unable to increase, and the Avatar is also cultivated to the peak, they will start to cultivate Heavenly Soldier Puppet. Every sect has their own ways to cultivate puppets.

For example, Bao Ming 'er has made many puppets to help her work, such as planting spiritual herbs, mining ores, cleaning caves, repairing formations, and raising spirit beasts. They are more useful than humans, and she is not afraid of revealing her secrets.

But these puppets are weaker and are just mechanical puppets. Some might not even be able to defeat Martial Path Grandmasters.

The puppets that Gu Chensha wanted to craft exceeded 1,000-year Bone Demon. They needed to be at least above Dao Realm Transformation Nine, and that would be tough.

Dao Realm Transformation Glass Jade Body's strength would be considered a core disciple in the Celestial Path Mysterious Sect. In terms of a country, the Glass Jade Body would be the equivalent of a province's Inspector.

Dao Realm Golden Core would be the Governor of a state, holding dozens of provinces. They would be the Governor of a region. This kind of puppet was not something that could be easily made.

The Heavenly Craftsman Ghost God of Heavenly Craftsman Institute was even better. Each one was equivalent to Dao Realm Transformation Fifteen, the Heaven Eye Hanging Sky Realm.

Those Ghost Gods didn't have a physical body and flew in the sky. They weren't afraid of the wind and lightning. After the soul left the body, they formed the Heaven Eye Hanging Sky Realm. This was the reason why the Heavenly Craftsman Institute was so strong. As for ghost gods like the Saint Dragon Celestial Soldier, Gu Chensha couldn't craft them.

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue worked together to use the Buzhou Palace Dragon Gate to comprehend once more. They tried to craft the Heaven Repairing God General puppet.

After a full seven days and seven nights, the two of them connected with their Xiantian Energy. Who knew how much energy they gathered? They locked onto one another, circulated it, and sent in many ingredients. The Fourth was in charge of the Calming Celestial Department and didn't have time to cultivate. Honglong!

There was a loud explosion. Finally, a placenta shot out from the depths of Gu Chensha's Dragon Gate. This placenta looked like flesh and blood, like jade, like glass. Kacha! The placenta split open and Gu Chensha's Heaven Repairing God General body appeared.

The moment the Heaven Repairing God General came out, he ate the placenta right away. His body floated in the air and he looked no different from a Dao Realm Transformation Nine Glass Jade Body cultivator.

"What a fellow, the Heaven Repairing God General has finally been refined."

Lou Baiyue's face was slightly pale as if she had used up too much mental energy. "Even with the help of the Buzhou Palace and Dragon Gate, it definitely wasn't an easy task to refine such a high grade puppet." "Our cultivation is still too shallow."

Gu Chensha was pretty much exhausted. He looked at the Heaven Repairing God General and said, "As expected, it is a good puppet. Look at this God General standing on the Seven Stars, the Azure Dragon on the left and the White Tiger on the right. The Vermillion Bird is on the back and the Xuanwu is on the chest. It can absorb the power of the stars to slowly nurture its spirituality and then cultivate on its own.

Right now, this puppet might not be a match for the Celestial Path disciples with the Glass Jade Body, but if three to five of them work together to form a formation, they will be able to kill them. "

The Heaven Repairing God General was a puppet and didn't have the intelligence of a human. At the same realm, it definitely wouldn't be a match for humans.

But this was also a symbolic step. With Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha working together, with the help of Buzhou Palace and the Dragon Gate, as well as some other materials, they were able to create a puppet equivalent to a Nine Transformations Glazed Jade Body puppet in seven days and seven nights. If word of this got out, it would probably shock the Mystical Immortal Path.

This was also because of Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha working together, using the God Sealing Technique and God Slaying Technique, along with the ancient Son of Heaven Treasure and Dragon Gate.

Although that was the case, Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha were really tired. They didn't have the energy to continuously create such puppets.

"To create this puppet, we still need the essence of the five metals and good quality jade. Especially jade, after being tempered by the power of the stars and nourished by our Innate Stellar Energy, it will gain spirituality and turn into something similar to the Heaven Repairing Stone. It's the perfect carrier for the Heaven Repairing God General."

Lou Baiyue rested for an hour before he regained his energy. "You are indeed extraordinary. This Heaven Repairing Divine General combines all kinds of strengths. Although it is not perfect, as our cultivation level increases, this Heaven Repairing Divine General will definitely shine."

"The best material for the Heaven Repairing God General is good quality jade. It seems like we have to hold on to the ores of Baoyu Country."

Gu Chensha said, "If we both reach the Golden Core of the Great Path, we can mass produce these puppets. If I can have a thousand Heaven Repairing God Generals in the depths of Dragon Gate, I'll have the power to challenge some of the old antiques."

"Although I spent a lot of energy in the process of creating the Heaven Repairing God General with you, my Dao Heart has improved greatly."

Lou Baiyue said, "I'm afraid there's something wrong with your Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. When the Heavenly Dao changes, be careful that the talisman doesn't fly away." "I've already calculated this."

Gu Chensha's expression turned serious. "So I've already started to convert the Sun and Moon Dragon's Handle in my body into my self-created Heaven Repairing Stellar Energy. This dao is created by me, and even the Heavenly Dao can't take it away. When the time comes, if the talisman flies away, it doesn't matter to my cultivation. Actually, I've been using this talisman less and less, so I don't sacrifice it."

"It's good to prepare for a rainy day." Lou Baiyue said, "If one doesn't plan for the future, there will be immediate worries. His Majesty has also left many tricks up his sleeves. He definitely won't let us suffer. " "That's right."

Gu Chensha took out a Black Yellow Pill and ate it. After a while, he immediately recovered all his energy and cultivation. "This is the Black Yellow Pill I took from Gu Huo. It's no wonder a Saint like the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor made it."