Chapter 647
===========

"Father still hasn't gotten anything from the Hong Meng Tree?" Dou Nineteen asked.

"He is still lacking, otherwise, how could such a thing happen?"

Dou Yiyu said, "Let's go, let's leave Fazhou. Legalism has cultivated a medium-sized world, so we have to snatch it back.

Moreover, since the Dharma Saint is working with the Sky Demon Race, then he is definitely preparing for the second Demon Disaster.

From now on, the world will change. Let's see whether or not the Calming Celestial Department can handle it. " "Yiyu, did you sense something?" At that moment, Ling Shaofei asked.

"I do feel some throbbing."

Dou Yiyu still acted like he was only at Dao Realm Transformation 20 in front of Ling Shaofei, "What happened to the Legalism?"

"Just now, the Dharma Saint successfully advanced to a medium-sized world." Ling Shaofei looked into the sky. Originally, with his cultivation, he shouldn't have been able to see through this.

Only a God Realm expert would be able to see through some things after the fact. However, Ling Shaofei actually knew so clearly. This showed that he had many hidden methods.

"There is actually such a thing?" The few cultivators who followed were shocked, "The world situation has changed once more." "Many things will happen in the world from now on. Who knows how many lives will bleed."

Ling Shaofei sighed, "Let's go, let's leave Fazhou and head to the old capital city. That is where the luck of the entire Divine Prefecture gathers. There are many fortuitous encounters waiting for us there." "This Ling Shaofei isn't simple."

Gu Chensha, who was in the form of Unfettered Flow, thought to himself, "This kid seems to have a compassionate heart. I can't let Dou Yiyu harm him. No matter how strong this Ling Shaofei is, he isn't Dou Yiyu's match." After following Dou Yiyu for so long, Gu Chensha more or less knew some secrets. The group immediately left Fazhou and traveled to the old capital.

"Up ahead is Frigid Jade Mountain. The water from the Frigid Jade Spring is extraordinarily potent. Even if an ordinary person were to drink it, they would be able to prolong their lifespan, clear their meridians, and resist the effects of heat and cold. Just a few days ago, Commander Yuhuan Lu of the Celestial Pacification Department obtained a legendary supreme treasure from ancient times, the Myriad Sounds Dragon Zither. Unfortunately, it was seized by Wan Senshi and is still tied to that golden watch."

Standing on top of a mountain, Ling Shaofei pointed at the Frigid Jade Mountain in the distance and said, "Right now, the Tranquil Immortal Department has sent another Great Commander called True Jade Dew. I think there will be another huge burst of fortuitous encounters here."

"Don't tell me we're also going to snatch the fortuitous encounter of the Tranquil Immortal Department?"

A cultivator asked: "We aren't existences on the same level as Wan Senshi, we definitely don't dare to compete with the Calming Immortal Department" "It's fine."

Dou Yiyu said, "Since the Dharma Saint has transformed into a dimensional realm, the Calming Immortal Sector is in a terrible situation. There are enemies on all sides." "Let's wait, the Dharma Treasure will automatically choose its master."

Ling Shaofei said, "If it chooses me, then I won't pass on the responsibility. If it chooses someone else, I won't fight for it." "Why don't we take a stroll in the capital and enter the palace to explore?"

Dou Nineteen suggested, "That old palace is the center of fate, the center of the divine continent. Who knows, there might be even stronger Dharma Treasures appearing." "It's a little dangerous."

Ling Shaofei shook his head. "Ever since what happened to Yuhuan Lu, the old capital has increased its defenses, and there are even three Common People's Marshals guarding it.

The strength of each of the Common People's Marshals is actually at the 26 Transformations of the Dao Realm, 10,000 Techniques Return to One. We can't do anything about it. "

"Luckily, these Common People's Marshals don't have any fate to begin with, so it's impossible for them to obtain any fortuitous encounters. If they all had fortuitous encounters, they basically wouldn't be able to survive."

A cultivator sighed. "It is said that the advancement of the Common People's Marshals is closely related to that Gu Chensha. Only when Gu Chensha advances will they also advance. From this, we can see that Gu Chensha's cultivation has already reached the 26 Transformations. " "26 Transformations is nothing."

Ling Shaofei frowned. "What is terrifying is that this person has cultivated the Heaven Path Technique and can transform into anything. Even the Ancient Ancestor can't see through it." "It is indeed terrifying."

Dou Nineteen knew how strong Gu Chensha was. His entire body had been searched clean, and even his memories had been stolen.

"Let's wait here and not anger the Calm Celestial Department." Ling Shaofei said, "I feel that this place has some fate with me." As he spoke, he sat down cross-legged. Everyone else also sat down with him.

At this moment, Dou Yiyu's eyes lit up. Her true body jumped up into the sky and she looked down at the people below. "Ling Shaofei is getting stronger and stronger. He should be just a step away from reaching the 27 Transformations of Two Worlds and being able to tear open space. He also has a strong Dharma Treasure on him.

Looks like it's time to gather everyone's luck on him and attract the reincarnations of the two Carefree Stars to come into being.

The two Stars of Spiritflight and the two Stars of Carefree are fused together. Their luck is far from what it can compare to right now. Ling Shaofei will probably be able to obtain endless treasures. That Grand Preceptor Wen Hong has obtained the Cauldron of Infinity. This is no small matter.

The Cauldron of Infinity represents the core authority of the Land of Infinity. He can get whatever he wants. " Dou Yiyu grabbed at the sky. A formless spiritual light immediately enveloped the small mountain.

Gu Chensha saw everything clearly. He could feel the luck of a few cultivators flowing towards Ling Shaofei. The luck of this Wanderer Emptiness that he had transformed into was also flowing away. The so-called luck was the control of the future and the ability to choose one's fate.

Originally, the luck of this Wanderer Emptiness wasn't that great. However, Gu Chensha's cultivation was profound. In addition, he had obtained the cultivation techniques of the Three Gods of Fortune, Fortune, and Longevity. His understanding of luck was extremely profound, even surpassing some of the True Gods.

Jiang Gongwang, Chang Yuzhou, and these experts were also experts in comprehending luck and manipulating fate. All of their memories were transmitted into Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness. All sorts of knowledge was brewed by Gu Chensha. He used the Heavenly Dao Arts to simulate luck and stimulate all sorts of things.

Moreover, he had plundered and refined Wan Senshi's Small World Tree. This tree contained the supreme Dao of Plundering Luck. The leaves of the Small World Tree were made by imitating the Sacrificial Talisman. This contained the most profound wisdom of Wan Senshi.

When Gu Chensha's cultivation was a little higher, he could even transform the Heavenly Dao Arts into luck. When that time came, all sorts of fortuitous encounters and treasures would probably fly towards him. That would be the true king of luck.

Now, the luck of this Wanderer Emptiness that he had transformed into had all been seized by Dou Yiyu and gathered into Ling Shaofei's body. No one was aware of this.

Gu Chensha didn't care. This was the luck that he had simulated. It wasn't much. He had already calculated that Dou Yiyu would use this move.

"Perhaps I can probe this Dou Yi Yu's strength."

With a thought, Gu Chensha's true body, which was sitting in the Small Divine Prefecture, tore through the void and came over.

"Who!?"

Dou Yiyu looked at the void fiercely. An absolute killing intent pierced through the sky and struck Gu Chensha's true body.

"So powerful!"

In an instant, Gu Chensha felt countless destructive intents rolling towards him. This move alone could already kill a Sage.

If it wasn't for the fact that Gu Chensha had a dimensional realm and activated its power to protect himself, it would have been difficult for him to escape this attack.

"The power of a dimensional realm. You're Gu Chensha?"

High up in the sky, Dou Yiyu saw Gu Chensha appear not too far away from her. Her face immediately turned frosty as she spoke.

"That's right, it's me."

Gu Chensha's true body said, "Miss Yiyu is indeed the most tyrannical of the three Celestial Venerables' subordinates. Just a glance from you was enough to kill a Sage.

However, Wan Senshi just captured Yuhuan Lu not too long ago. Now you've come to spy on Frigid Jade Mountain. Are you trying to bully us because we don't have anyone capable? " "You actually know who I am?" Dou Yiyu asked.

"I stole all the memories of your brother, Dou Nineteen. Naturally, I know what's going on," Gu Chensha said. "Besides, there aren't many people in the world who can unleash that attack of yours."

"I've long heard that Gu Chensha of the Immortal Calmness Department is full of tricks. Today, it seems that you live up to your reputation. However, your cultivation level is too low. If you were a god, I would have to flee right now. But you're at the 26 Transformations of the Dao Realm, and you can't even tear through space. Even if you can use the power of a dimensional realm, I'm afraid you won't be able to do anything to me. After all, you can't completely use that power as you wish.

The power of a dimensional realm is as vast as the starry sky. The higher your cultivation level, the more you can use it. "

Dou Yiyu said, "But you don't seem to have any killing intent. Are you here to discuss something with me?"

"Miss Yiyu, you're indeed perceptive," Gu Chensha said. "I just want to ask, what are the three Celestial Venerables' intentions?

Wan Senshi wants to carry out the Great Ritual of Salvation, while the Dharma Saint wants to carry out the Spirit Demon Plan. The three Celestial Venerables have no intention of plotting against the Central Plains. If they did, the Central Plains would have long since fallen into their hands.

Although the Central Plains have many secrets and might, once they fall into their hands, they'll have to bear the karma of all living beings. The gains don't make up for the losses.

The Heavenly Dao no longer has the power it once did. This is all suppressed by the Emperor. Without the Emperor, the Heavenly Dao would return to normal, and the three Celestial Venerables would probably still be restricted by the Heavenly Dao, unable to break through.

If I were the three Celestial Venerables, I'd help the imperial court to prevent the Heavenly Dao from returning to normal. I wouldn't go against the imperial court and trap myself. "