Chapter 1065
============

The Outsider

For the entire Arcane Universe, the economy seemed inconspicuous, but in fact, it was the most important part. The economy was the circulation right from the upper to the lower, and the most important part of the economy was the currency, which represented a universal standard.

The currency of many universes was gold and silver, while the currency of some developed universes was digital, virtual credit. Even in the beginning, when Gu Chensha reformed the Divine Central Continent, he replaced it with merit.

However, the Arcane Universe was different. Gu Chensha reformed the currency and turned it into the most practical Arcane Coin.

Of course, the lowest-level Arcana Coins had "Nutrition" sealed in them. The higher-level Arcana Coins had "Flame", "Ice", "Lightning", "Summon", and so on. Apart from that, there were also "Cleanse" and "Repair" sealed in some Arcana Coins. Some of the highest-level Arcana Coins even had "Immortality" and "Space" sealed in them. Arcane Coins were divided into tens of thousands of levels. It was the same level as the arcanists.

However, most civilians used the lowest level of Arcane Coins, which had nutrition sealed in it, and they felt that it was extremely convenient.

It was widely circulated in all kinds of villages throughout the universe, and almost every city, every town, every village had an Arcane Bank, where they could deposit and withdraw money.

Moreover, the Arcane Bank was another independent arcane network system, created by Gu Chensha's Arcane Union. As long as anyone opened an account in the Arcane Bank, they would have an independent account, which was bound to their soul and spiritual fluctuations, unique.

However, in the Arcane Kingdom, slaves didn't have accounts, and slaves didn't deserve to have property. Even their own lives weren't their own.

Gu Chensha didn't abolish the slavery system in the Arcane Kingdom, because he felt that at this stage, there must be a contrast, so that the Arcane Kingdom could be motivated. For example, the vast number of civilians felt that there was a lower status than themselves, they would be vigilant, and they would seek to make progress. And the endless slaves wanted to become civilians, but they didn't dare to make trouble, they were honest slaves and made contributions.

And the Arcane Kingdom was expanding, and every day they would capture a large number of creatures from the outer universe. If there was no slavery system, then what would be done with these creatures from the outer universe?

Ever since Gu Chensha established the financial system, created Arcana Coins, divided them into levels, and established banks everywhere, this system had become the most crucial and dominant one in the Arcana Universe. It was as if he had opened up the eight extraordinary meridians of the Arcana Universe.

Even the Arcana Network of the Arcana Universe itself couldn't do anything about it. If this system was destroyed, it would cause great damage to itself. If it wasn't destroyed, this system would gradually take root in people's hearts, and even the Heavenly Axiom itself wouldn't be able to change it. Therefore, many "protagonists" had been born in the Arcana Network to seize control of the system. However, Gu Chensha was able to hold on and penetrate deeply into the blood of the Arcane Universe.

In this village, there was the Arcana Village Hall, which dealt with the affairs of the entire village and even the surrounding areas. In the "Village Hall" of each village, there would be three low-level arcanists stationed as officials, conducting trials, managing, mediating disputes, as well as protecting and repairing the village, and so on.

Every arcanist had to go to the bottom level of the village to serve. This was the rule of the Arcana Union.

At the same time, the arcanists who managed the village would also receive points according to the assessment. If the service was not good enough, their points would be deducted.

Points were extremely important in the Arcana Union. It was equivalent to merit, a way to promote, and a way to obtain all kinds of powerful arcana learning opportunities and arcana items.

As an arcanist in the Arcana Union, the more points they had, the more room they would have for promotion. In the Arcana Union, some things could only be exchanged with points.

This was also the public service system that Gu Chensha had created. In the entire Arcana Universe, there was a huge government public service system, from the Origin City, the Holy City, the Divine City, the Imperial City, the Royal City, the Provincial City, the City, the County, the Town, and the Village. This series of city divisions was also proposed by Gu Chensha.

In the Arcana Universe, the largest city was called the Origin City. It had a huge area, and the city was splendid. Almost all the powerful beings were stationed there. In the entire Arcana Universe, there were a total of ten Origin City-level cities.

With such a well-organized division, the Arcana Union could completely control the movements in every corner of the Arcana Universe from top to bottom.

"Everyone, there's a new policy."

At this time, in this remote small village, in the village market, there were several knights patrolling, riding big horses, galloping on the wide street, and behind the carriage, there was a huge screen. Then, in the center of the market, this huge screen was set up. Then the radiance of arcana flashed. Then there were all kinds of news on this arcana screen.

"Everyone, now you can learn all kinds of information about the entire Empire on this arcana screen, and you can even do business. You can input what you need on it, and then through the Arcana Bank transfer, those things will be sent to you." These knights cooperated to publicize some of the new policies of the Arcana Kingdom.

Knights were the noble class of the Arcana Kingdom. They were lower than arcanists, but much higher than civilians. Every knight had a strong force value, some knights could even split a mountain with a sword. But although they were strong, they didn't have the power to awaken the soul. In short, they were just using martial arts to cultivate, plunder and devour spiritual energy, they couldn't generate their own power, they were just parasites.

"Logistics, network, government, finance …" Gu Chensha nodded, he found that the Arcana Union was doing a good job.

In fact, now some people from the new world had also entered the Arcana Union to reform the government system of the entire Arcana Kingdom.

Just as Gu Chensha wandered around the Arcana Universe to see if his policies were in place, many people, like him, were observing the various movements of the Arcana Kingdom.

"The Arcana Network of the Arcana Universe belongs to the Heavenly Way, it's in charge of the rise and fall of all things, the operation of everything, but the government of the Arcana Union has also established its own network system."

At this time, in a huge city, there were several outsiders who had hidden their identities, turned into civilians, and walked on the streets.

Among these outsiders, one of them seemed to have a faint insect in his body. It was one of the strongest insects in the Mother Nest Universe, called the "Insect Emperor", and it was actually a powerhouse in the Heavenly Way Realm.

As for the other outsider, he faintly exuded an extremely powerful aura of the Martial Dao. He was from the Extreme Martial Cosmos. As for the last one, he had the aura of Primordial Chaos. He was from the Primordial Chaos Universe.

In the entire multiverse, the masters of the four super giant universes, the Mother Nest Universe, the Immemorial Universe, and the Taiwu Universe had all come to the Arcana Universe. However, these three people weren't the strongest in their own universe. So, they came to the Arcana Universe to look for opportunities, trying to get some opportunities.

"It's really tight and lively, Insect Emperor, look, I've already felt it, the system of the Arcana Union has also been established, it's grasping every little bit of the secular world. With the strict governance, this system is expanding more and more, it's about to replace the Heavenly Way of the Arcana. In the long run, if the two are combined, I'm afraid the entire Arcana Kingdom will be promoted," the outsider with the martial arts aura said.

"Martial Sacrifice Esteemed, you're also a famous existence in the Taiwu Universe. Unfortunately, the subordinate of Gu Chensha from the new world, the Martial Sage, entered the Taiwu Universe and was ready to transform the universe. You fought with him and were defeated in one move. You weren't willing to be under his command, so you escaped. What do you think?

You want to get the opportunity to enter the Immortal Realm in the Arcana Universe? "The powerhouse from the Immemorial Universe said.

"Heavenly King, you're the same, right?"

Martial Sacrifice Esteemed said, "The biggest universe now is actually the new world. The new world is too huge, it spits out countless small universes and big universes all the time, it's simply a universe manufacturing machine. Rumor has it that Gu Chensha is the strongest powerhouse in the multiverse, no one is a match for him. He created the multiverse, but I don't know if it's true." "I don't know, it's something from the last era.

Rumor has it that in the last era, the world was very small, it was called the Land of Infinity, also known as the Heavenly Realm. Later, there was a Big Bang, which formed the current multiverse and the new world. "

The Insect Emperor said, "However, in our Mother Nest Universe, some of the highest Mother Brain is the foundation of domination. Now, the people from the new world have tried to invade our Mother Nest Universe several times, but they've been stopped by the Mother Brain."

The Taiwu Universe was a Martial Arts Universe, it didn't have a real unified supreme figure, the same was true for the Immemorial Universe. However, the Mother Nest Universe had the highest Mother Brain, and this Mother Brain was the ruler and the highest source of all the Insect Clan, but it had already been personified, it was equivalent to the Arcana Network of the Arcana Kingdom.

"In fact, the Arcana Network is very disgusted with the current system, because it has caused harm to him." Martial Sacrifice Esteemed said, "We can use this opportunity to gain a lot of benefits."

"I've already investigated, the Arcana Network has chosen a few Children of Destiny, they want to take back control from Gu Chensha, and at the same time, expel his power."

Heavenly King said, "We can capture those Children of Destiny and directly devour them, then we can obtain the same privileges." "From the current policy, it's very difficult to shake the rule of the Arcana Union."

The Insect Emperor said, "I can understand the feelings of the Arcana Network's Heavenly Axiom. He's originally a high and mighty ruler, but in fact, the people who carry out the orders are Gu Chensha's people. He's like a puppet emperor, always wanting to destroy the powerful ministers."