Chapter 586
===========

The token left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor didn't kill Lei Jiyuan. Instead, it sealed him and made him kneel as a warning to others. He could even speak.

Draped in a layer of golden shell, he knelt in the public square outside the imperial court. His eyeballs could also move, but other than speaking and moving his eyeballs, he could not do anything else. He did not have the disposition and prestige of a Divine level expert. Even a child would be able to ride on his head and pee. Without a doubt, he would kneel like this forever. There were several large words on his back: Desecrate the imperial court, kneel here forever.

"Brother Fan Bai, save me!"

Lei Jihui shouted, "Quickly break the seal on me and let me out. This is a great humiliation, a great humiliation!"

Fan Bai from the Fan Clan furrowed his brows, he was truly taken aback. Never in his wildest dreams would he have expected that the golden token left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor would have such power. He didn't dare to act because if he was sealed and forced to kneel here for all eternity, for the officials of the imperial court to see and for the people of the world to see, that would be a fate worse than death. All deities had dignity. They would rather die than submit. Seeing that Fan Bai didn't speak, Lei Jihui said again, "Brother Dharma Elephant Saint! Come and save me. The Dharma Saint of the Legalism will definitely not be afraid of Gu Taxian!

Our great clans are united. Since ancient times, we have never suffered such humiliation, not even during the era of the ancient emperors. "

Even one of the old antiques of the school of Legalism, a God level expert, the Dharma Elephant Realm, did not dare to act recklessly. He seemed to be communicating with the Dharma Saint.

"Lord Warlock Saint, what's going on?" He was secretly shocked and already had the intention to retreat.

Far away in the Law Prefecture, on the iron mountain of the Legalism Clan, the Dharma Saint stood there, staring at everything that happened in the capital city of the Desolate Mountains. Despite his cultivation base, his countenance was extremely heavy, "Even I can't unravel this law. The Extreme Thunder Essence will have to kneel there for all eternity, suffering endless humiliation. In the Elephant Realm, you can't act recklessly. Our Legalism Clan didn't make any moves and didn't suffer any losses this time around. On the other hand, the Lei Clan has lost all face. If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor could be defeated so easily, he wouldn't be known as the Ancient Stepping on Immortals. With the guidance of the Dharma Saint, Dharma Elephant Saint didn't dare to move. He would rather die than kneel here forever.

"Everyone from the Lei Clan, save me!"

At that moment, Lei Jiyuan saw that the alliance of the various families didn't dare to act rashly. He couldn't help but ask the Lei family for help. He was one of the ten ancestors of the Lei family, so he couldn't kneel here. Rumble! As expected, the Lei Clan couldn't endure such humiliation.

Space was torn apart as a huge hand appeared. This hand attacked fiercely like lightning, as though it was formed from millions of lightning bolts.

This hand grabbed Lei Jiyuan's kneeling body, wanting to take it away. Even if he had to kneel, he had to kneel in the Lei Clan's minor chiliocosm. He couldn't embarrass himself here.

"Myriad Lightning World Rending Hand! This is another ancestor of the Lei Clan, Lei Jixue.

This ancestor has a powerful cultivation base and an intense killing intent. It's unknown how many devils and demons he has killed. His Myriad Lightning World Rending Hand can shock the heavens and earth and make ghosts and gods weep. In the clan, he specializes in external battles! Also, this attack contains the power of the Lei Clan's minor chiliocosm. " Many experts could see it.

The Lei Clan's most explosive Lei Jixue had used the power of his minor chiliocosm to descend here, wanting to take away the Extreme Lightning World Rending Hand.

The huge hand formed from millions of lightning bolts attacked fiercely. But just as it touched the kneeling statue of Extreme Lightning World Rending Hand, countless threads suddenly appeared on the statue. These threads wrapped around the hand and seeped into the void.

"Ah! Don't! "

A panicked voice came from the void. As the golden threads pulled, everyone saw a person being fished out of the void.

This person wore a blood-colored robe and had a long beard. His eyes were blood-red, and his complexion was like a date. Even his hair was red. It was unknown how many lives he had killed to become like this. Even the most ferocious person would tremble in fear when they saw this person. This burly man in blood-colored robes was another ancestor of the Lei Clan, Lei Jixue.

Lei Jixue wanted to take away Lei Jihui, but unfortunately, he also profaned the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's seal. He was also captured by the golden threads and pulled out of the minor chiliocosm. Even if Lei Jixue hid in the minor chiliocosm, he couldn't escape the fate of being sealed.

Moreover, all of Lei Jixue's clones and the methods he left behind were all captured. Not a single one could escape. This was the saying that heaven's net has long arms, but nothing escapes. This was truly a terrifying seal.

Lei Jixue's roar was even louder than Lei Jihui's, causing the clouds in the sky to shatter. Unfortunately, it was useless. The golden threads had no emotions. They simply wrapped around him, turning him into a cocoon. After wriggling for a long time, they seeped into his body. Rumble!

Lei Jixue also turned into a golden statue, kneeling in the public square alongside Lei Jihui. He could make sounds, but he didn't have any innate abilities or magic power. Ordinary people could also go up and slap him or spit on him. The two Deity realm experts of the Lei Clan were instantly imprisoned and forced to kneel. Moreover, they would be forced to kneel here forever.

This was the cruelest and most humiliating punishment. Even killing them directly wouldn't be as cruel as this.

A gust of cold wind blew past. Everyone in the imperial court, except for the Celestial Pacification Department, felt a chill on their necks. They saw Lei Jixue and Lei Jiyuan kneeling outside and shouting. These two famous Deity realm experts had existed for more than a thousand years. They were existences that controlled the lives of the people and created the world. Now, they were experiencing humiliation. They could neither live nor die. Even those who were loyal to the imperial court felt the majesty of the Emperor.

In these years, the Crown Prince Gu Xuansha didn't do anything and tried to smooth things over. As the Imperial Concubine Ming, Wu Dangkong brought disaster to the country and the people. Although the imperial court had the support of the Celestial Pacification Department, and the people were developing and prospering, the prestige and laws of the imperial court gradually lost some respect because of the relationship between the Crown Prince and Wu Dangkong. In the long run, it wouldn't be a good thing.

Good and evil were not rewarded, and crimes were not punished. People's morale was low. Wu Dangkong and the Crown Prince held high positions in the imperial court, yet they didn't get punished for their crimes. The officials were indeed upset. They were all hoping for the Heavenly Talisman Emperor to appear.

Now, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's golden medallion finally showed its might. It directly captured two Deity realm experts and made them kneel in front of the palace. This really boosted the morale of the imperial court.

At first, they were filled with respect. After that, some governors and officials felt their eyes brimming with tears.

"Your Majesty, you've finally shown your might."

An old official from the Ministry of Rites knelt on the ground and kowtowed to the golden medallion on the throne. "In the current imperial court, the Crown Prince is useless. The concubine concubine is disrupting the imperial court. The devil calamity is coming, and the aristocratic families are pressuring us. The imperial court is on the brink of collapse. I implore Your Majesty to appear and cleanse the imperial court." "I implore Your Majesty to appear and cleanse the imperial court!" At this time, many officials also knelt and begged.

In the end, tens of thousands of officials in the imperial court kowtowed in front of the golden medallion like a landslide or a tsunami. However, there was no movement from the golden medallion.

The Deity realm experts of the aristocratic families exchanged glances. They didn't know whether to advance or retreat.

"Officials!"

Lou Baiyue stood up at this time. "His Majesty is in seclusion. There must be something more important. Moreover, the current situation has not reached a point of no return. Why should we disturb His Majesty?

Moreover, when His Majesty rewarded me with the golden medallion, he said that we, the officials of the imperial court, must be independent and strong. Even without His Majesty, we must be able to resist the devil calamity and make the world strong. If we rely on His Majesty for everything, then what difference is there between us and children?

His Majesty's seclusion is actually a test for us. He wants us to have the strength to be independent. " "That is exactly what His Majesty means. Officials, please rise."

Marquis Dashi also spoke up. "We are holding this meeting in the imperial court to understand His Majesty's intentions." Many officials also rose to their feet when they heard this.

Wu Dangkong paled at the sight of this situation. She trembled with anger, but there was nothing she could do.

Fortunately, she hadn't listened to the aristocratic families and taken out the Heaven Sacrifice Decree to ascend the throne. Otherwise, she was afraid that her fate would be similar to the Lightning Source and Lightning Blood.

"Damn it. The Heaven Talisman Emperor left so many tricks. These aristocratic families supported me to ascend the throne because they wanted to use me to test the Heaven Talisman Emperor's bottom line. If I really ascended the throne, I'm afraid that a cruel scene would appear. These aristocratic families would also find a chance to seize my Heaven Sacrifice Decree." At this time, Wu Dangkong hated the aristocratic families to the bone.

"Second Brother, Crown Prince."

Gu Chensha said to Gu Xuansha, "You are the Crown Prince appointed by Imperial Father. The Tranquil Immortal Department cannot depose you. However, what you have done today has disappointed all the officials. You have seen Wu Dangkong's behavior. She actually colluded with the aristocratic families to ascend the throne and become the Emperor. This is no different from treason. Yet, you still support Wu Dangkong. What are you thinking? Are you going to continue being the Crown Prince after he ascends the throne? " "Nineteenth Brother, you misunderstand me."

Gu Xuansha hurriedly corrected himself. "I'm not supporting Wu Dangkong. However, Concubine Ming is also our elder. His Majesty personally appointed her to be the Regent. This is also the Emperor's imperial decree. Your Tranquil Immortal Department publicly forced her to abdicate the throne. Is this the etiquette of an official? This is also overthrowing the Emperor's imperial decree. This is disgraceful. As the Crown Prince, I naturally have to uphold some justice. " Gu Xuansha's tone was a bit soft at first, but then it became unreasonable.