Chapter 344
===========

In the 22 transformations of the Dao Realm, Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth, humans could not only transform into swords, but they could also transform into rocks, trees, animals, and so on. It was hard to tell which was real and which was fake.

This was a true transformation technique and not an illusion. Instead, it was Dharmic power that changed certain laws and had the ability to create.

However, this transformation was not permanent. After the transformation, one's Dharmic power would be constantly consumed. If one's Dharmic power was used up, they would not be able to maintain the transformation and would return to their original appearance.

For those who first stepped into the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth realm, the transformation technique was very short. For example, Jing Fanxing could only transform into a sword for dozens of breaths.

This sword was called the Mystic Demon Subduing Sword. It was very profound. At the start, one could only use one's Stellar Energy to condense sword energy to break through demons. But when one cultivated to the highest realm, one would be the sword and the sword would be one.

Especially after cultivating to the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth realm, one could transform into this sword. It was simply an assassination that could be done with a single thought.

If not for the fact that the Mystic Demon Subduing Sword's secret technique was a transformation of the ancient Demon Subduing Blade from the Black Heaven Earth Gate, and the Demon Subduing Blade was Gu Chensha's earliest weapon, he would be very familiar with it. Because of this, he managed to escape a sure-kill attack in that instant.

Originally, with his current cultivation, he was not afraid of experts of the 22 transformations of the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth. This time, he had entered the demon realm to kill the Skull Ash Demon Emperor.

However, Jing Fanxing's cultivation was extremely terrifying. It was as if he had obtained some kind of secret technique. At the same realm, he was much stronger than the Skull Ash Demon Emperor. Gu Chensha was not surprised. He already knew a certain secret of the Black Heaven Earth Gate.

The Black Heaven Earth Gate was the number one sect in the Immortal Dao since ancient times. The magic treasure that ensured the light of providence was a gate. This gate was also called the Black Heaven Earth Gate. Although it was not as good as the Primordial Dragon Gate, it was also a top-notch supreme treasure. It even surpassed the current Life's Wish Sphere. This was because this treasure was a connate item that was born from the Primordial Tree.

As for the Life's Wish Sphere, it was refined postnatally. Even the Book of Heaven Demon Demons contained within it was actually refined postnatally by the Sages of the Demon race. The Sages of the Demon race were many realms lower than the Primordial Tree.

Thinking about it, even the Sages of the Demon race, and the Sages of the Primordial Tree were unable to use it. The three Empyreans were also unable to pluck the ripened Primordial Tree fruit. Furthermore, he was plotting to obtain the fruit plucked by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor.

From this, one could see how terrifying the Connate Numinous Treasure born from the Primordial Meng Tree was.

Jing Fanxing had entered the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth and was being nurtured by a Saint-level expert. In addition, there was an Ancient Azure Dragon in the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. His strength was not inferior to a Saint-level expert. Such a foundation far surpassed the current Calming Xian Department.

However, the Tranquil Immortal Department had great potential. As long as he fought for time, in a hundred years or two or three hundred years, Zhuge Ya would become a Saint more powerful than the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth Sect Leader and the Azure Dragon combined.

"I can't kill you."

Jing Fanxing's attack had failed. The hatred in his voice could practically destroy the Demon's Domain. "I was captured by you last time. At that time, I had already mastered the Eighteen Transformations Great Dao Golden Core Realm. Such a great enmity cannot be washed away even if the world ages." "You assassinated a king of the imperial court. This is a crime punishable by death."

Gu Chensha looked at Jing Fanxing calmly. "But it's no wonder. You entered the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth to cultivate and received guidance from the Ancient Azure Dragon. You stimulated all your potential and reached the Twenty Transformations Great Dao Golden Core Realm in a short period of time. But in the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth, this kind of cultivation is forbidden because it distorts time. One day of cultivation in the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth is equivalent to several months of cultivation outside, or even several years.

If my guess is correct, you were greedy for power and eager for revenge, so you cultivated in there for a few more days. As a result, hundreds of years have passed. This way, your lifespan has been reduced by almost half. " "So what!?" Jing Fanxing looked at Gu Chensha with a venomous gaze. "Even if I die tomorrow, I will kill you."

"You can't kill me." Gu Chensha's body shone with the light of the sun and moon. This was the power of the core deep in the Chest Center Meridian.

Core power was a combination of the Yuan Spirit and Earth Energy. Its strength was above the Yuan Spirit Power and below Spiritual Power. It was a transitional realm.

The main use of core power was to nourish the body, comprehend the Dao, increase lifespan, and prepare to condense spiritual power.

Although this realm was transitional, it was indispensable. It was a bridge, a bridge that connected one to the Dao and laws.

Although Gu Chensha hadn't cultivated the 18 Transformations Great Dao Golden Core, he was at the peak of the 17 Transformations. He had accumulated a lot of core power in his Chest Center Meridian. Now that he activated it, its power was limitless.

Originally, it was very dangerous for people who hadn't cultivated the Golden Core to use the immature core energy in their Chest Center Meridian. If there was a slight mistake, the core energy would go out of control and their bodies would explode.

Even if they could control it, it would be unavoidable that the Golden Core's structure would weaken and all their previous efforts would go to waste.

Normally speaking, when one cultivated to the peak of the 17 Transformations Dao Splitting Soul, it was best for them to go into secluded meditation and not fight with others. This was the most difficult part of their cultivation journey. Once they succeeded, their lifespan would increase by two times.

Dao Realm Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body and Seventeen Transformations Dao Splitting Soul didn't increase lifespan by much. That was 300 to 500 years. Breaking through to Golden Core would take at least 1,000 years. Doubling lifespan was like giving one a chance to be reborn. It was really precious.

On the long path of cultivation, one could only increase their chances of longevity through continuous cultivation. It wasn't possible to become immortal once one reached a certain realm. Even the gods only lived for tens of thousands of years. They definitely wouldn't exceed 100,000.

Although Gu Chensha's control was strong, he had used up a lot of his Dan qi. But this time, he had made up his mind to kill Jing Fanxing in one fell swoop. He would use him as fuel to gain enough energy to advance to Jindan of the Great Path. Jing Fanxing's spiritual power was two to three times that of the Skull Ash Demon Emperor. This was the power of the Black Heaven Earth Gate and the Green Dragon merging.

Gu Chensha wanted to form a Golden Core, but it was no small matter. Even if he used up all his Primordial Spirit Power and Xiantian Energy, he would only be able to form a sliver of core energy.

So, to form a Golden Core, he needed to empty his body hundreds of thousands of times, or even millions of times. This was an extremely complicated, long, and dangerous process. Especially when it required a large amount of energy to support it.

If it was any other cultivator, they wouldn't need such a huge amount of energy. But Gu Chensha's Golden Core was formed from the merging of the Common People Mend the Heavens and the Heaven Changing Dao Techniques. These two dao techniques were variants of the Emperor's God Sealing Technique and the Great God Slaying Technique. One became a god, the other killed a god. Combining the two, it was enough to form a powerful Golden Core that had never been seen before.

It was very difficult for such a Golden Core to appear, but if it did, it would shake heaven and earth and shake the universe.

Moreover, by killing Jing Fanxing, Gu Chensha could use the Common People's Wish Sphere to deduce the secrets of the Green Dragon and even the secrets of the Black Heaven Earth Gate itself. To him, this was also a great benefit.

Jing Fanxing had already broken the laws of the country by assassinating him. He wanted to see what the Black Heaven Earth Gate could do to him.

If the Celestial Tranquility Department did not challenge the authority of the Black Heaven Earth Gate, not many immortal sects would be willing to submit and pay taxes.

"You actually used your own Core Qi. How reckless. Don't you know that you should be hiding and accumulating energy?

From the seventeenth to the eighteenth transformation, when you start to condense Core Qi, it is the most dangerous time.

If I didn't know that you were weak at this time, why would I come to kill you? "Jing Fanxing moved, walking over step by step very carefully.

Gu Chensha frowned. If it was just Jing Fanxing, he wouldn't care. However, he seemed to sense that there were other experts hiding nearby.

"That's right. When one condenses Core Qi, one's cultivation is the most unstable, and one is the weakest. Even if no one disturbs you, you will suffer Qi Deviation and lose control, not to mention using Core Qi to fight.

Furthermore, you probably won't be able to sense that treasure in this Demon Domain. "Just at this moment, another man walked over.

This man wore a large scarlet robe and a scarlet crown. He was a middle-aged man with an extremely dignified appearance. His aura was like that of the lord of the immortal dao, holding great authority. Even the most ordinary person would feel that this person held supreme authority when they saw him.

"Scarlet Cloud Sect's Grand Elder, Xiao Yan."

Gu Chensha recognized him. He had seen this person before. During the battle for Buzhou Palace, this person was one of the strongest, but he had been stopped by Duke Xi Chou.

He also remembered Jin Suibo's introduction of this person. He said that this person was one of the true leaders of Scarlet Cloud Sect. He was in charge of one of Scarlet Cloud Sect's nine great celestial palaces, Flame Cloud Palace. He himself was a genius who had entered Scarlet Cloud Sect 300 years ago and reached the Golden Core of the Great Dao 150 years ago. The last time Xiao Yan had appeared in Buzhou Palace, it had been close to five years. At that time, he was above the 20th transformation of Dao Realm.

At that time, Gu Chensha was only at the sixth transformation of Dao Realm. At that time, he couldn't see through Xiao Yan's realm, but now he could see through it.

Xiao Yan was at the 21st transformation of Dao Realm, turning his body into the five elements. He was about to reach the 22nd transformation, the Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth. No wonder he was the Grand Elder of Scarlet Cloud Sect.

The 18 Golden Cores of the Great Dao were the absolute core strength of the Celestial Path Sects. They were like officials in the Imperial Court, the Governor of a province.

Those who reached the 20th transformation, Gathering and Scattering Impermanence, were like officials in the Imperial Study Room, in charge of the core matters of the Imperial Court.

There were very few people who reached this realm in any Celestial Path Sect. The ones who reached this realm were those in the middle, like those below the sixth or ninth transformation of Dao Realm.

"Very good, Scarlet Cloud Sect is going to rebel." Gu Chensha stood with his arms by his side.

"Rebel?"

Another voice spread out and a Taoist appeared. This Taoist was covered in red energy and his eyebrows were like swords. His eyes were sharp and his body was really domineering. Who knew how many battles he had gone through to develop such an aura? This Taoist's hatred towards Gu Chensha was even thicker than Jing Fanxing's. Gu Chensha recognized him; he was also an Elder of Scarlet Cloud Sect, Wangji.

This was a typical case. He was dragged out by Heaven Talisman Emperor from the depths of Scarlet Cloud Sect and was forced to do labor for three years. Under the supervision of the Iron Blood Marquis, he repaired roads, built houses, planted crops, mined, saved people, etc. Now that three years had passed, this Elder was released and returned to the sect. Elder Wangji finally came out to take revenge against such humiliation.