Chapter 752
===========

"This is the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman." At this point, Wen Hong really took out the scroll of the Dao of Truth.

The scroll was laid out, and there were four big words, "Decreed by the Heavens." It was exactly the same as the talisman that Gu Chensha had obtained in the real world.

Gu Chensha grabbed the talisman and slightly activated the Heavenly Dao Art. Immediately, the talisman glowed brightly, and many strange things appeared.

"Oh? This talisman is profound, and it's not fake.

Could it be that this world really exists? Then our world is also real? Comparing the two, is it possible?

Comparing the two, could it be a parallel dimension? "Gu Chensha discovered many secrets from the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman.

He explored for a while, then returned the talisman to Wen Hong. "Uncle Wen, you should have mastered the second move of the Son of Heaven Investiture Art, Living With Heaven and Earth, right?"

"That's right. A while ago, I obtained the method to practice the move of Living With Heaven and Earth through the great sacrifice, but it's still very difficult to master it. As for the third move, All Beings With One Heart, it's basically impossible. Since ancient times, there have been Sons of Heaven who have mastered this move. If you want to learn it, I can teach you the second move of Living With Heaven and Earth. "

Wen Hong said, "Since you can master the Son of Heaven Investiture Art without this talisman, then you can help me preserve my cultivation. Otherwise, when this talisman flies away in the future, all my cultivation will disappear and be absorbed by this talisman." "Of course I can. My Heavenly Dao Art can help you cultivate, and naturally, I can refine you.

Solidify the foundation. In short, don't think too highly of this talisman. There are still loopholes in this talisman. There are many loopholes in the Heavenly Dao, and all space-time has loopholes.

I can even help you condense it now. "Gu Chensha knew that Wen Hong now had more than 70% trust in him.

Of course, this was still unreliable. Fortunately, he could help Wen Hong stabilize the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art and break away from the control of the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. From this point, there were huge benefits, and it formed the basis of cooperation.

If it was in the real world, Wen Hong could definitely be trusted, but in this dream world, Wen Hong had become the Son of Heaven, and his personality had some imperial thoughts, so Gu Chensha had to be on guard.

"I've also thought about this problem. We can't be controlled by the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. Instead, we have to control the talisman. Furthermore, I can vaguely sense the aura of a great tribulation. "

Wen Hong said, "Today's long talk has broadened my horizons. I actually know so many secrets. I am also not willing to be an ordinary Son of Heaven. I want to be the number one Son of Heaven, or even the Emperor Of Heaven." "Very well, let's cooperate sincerely. One day, Uncle Wen will trust me completely."

Gu Chensha stood up and said, "Since that's the case, Uncle Wen, please tell me about the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art's Immortal Longevity." "Don't worry about it."

Wen Hong thought for a moment, and suddenly transmitted a will, "Generally speaking, even if I impart the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art to someone else, they won't be able to remember it, and won't be able to cultivate it.

This art has a special power, but you actually managed to remember it and cultivate it. That in itself is a miracle, and I have no choice but to trust you. "

Gu Chensha accepted this will, and immediately digested all the cultivation methods of the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art's second move, Immortal Longevity. RUMBLE! At this time, suddenly, a mysterious power appeared out of nowhere, and exploded in Wen Hong's body. Pu! Wen Hong actually spat out a mouthful of blood, and his face turned pale.

"Oh? You're actually suffering from the backlash of the Heavenly Dao? "

Gu Chensha pointed out with a finger, and immediately, the power of the Heavenly Dao Art entered Wen Hong's body. He immediately discovered that the Sage Laws in his body were scattered, as if he had suffered a serious attack.

But when his Heavenly Dao Art entered, it immediately stabilized the situation, and the scattered Sage Laws reformed. Other than that, it became even stronger.

"As expected, your Heavenly Dao Art can even suppress the backlash of the Heaven's Will."

Wen Hong slowly breathed out, and to his surprise, he discovered that a crack had appeared above Gu Chensha's head. Within this crack, there was actually a clear blue flow of air, pure and flawless. Other than that, there was also a scarlet flow of air that was like flames. They coiled around each other, and finally merged into his body. "This aura should be the pure heart of the sacrificial power. So pure. To be able to purify the sacrificial power to such a degree, how terrifying.

This should be your Dao of Heaven Mending and Heaven Reforming. You spread your ideals, and let the hearts of everyone in the world be filled with the desire to mend the heavens and reform the heavens, and then gather it on your body. Your cultivation base will break through the limits, and finally reach the grand completion. "

"That's right, my Mortal People Heaven Mending Art is refined from the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art, and the Mortal People Heaven Reforming Art is from the Great God Slaying Art.

The so-called great can also be called the Emperor Of Heaven, or the Emperor Of Heaven Slaying Art. It's not impossible. "Gu Chensha said," Being the Son of Heaven is not as good as being the Emperor Of Heaven. " "You guys are really good at running the world."

Wen Hong said, "Your Marshal of Common People is now placed in various places. As for how exactly you are going to place them, I would like to hear your political ideals.

After all, you can't just rely on killing to govern the world. Preparations must be made in advance. "

"Within a day, I will gather all the disciples of the nobles in the capital and establish the Heaven Mending Association. This is also an impressive force. With the Heaven Mending Association as the foundation, I will place the Marshal of Common People in it, and then he will become an inspector. He will go to all the provinces in the country to monitor the illegal methods of the officials, and clean up the governance of the officials. First, he will destroy some temples with obscene sacrifices, and then kill the small mountain gods and river gods." Gu Chensha said, "Those small Yin gods are not a match for the Marshal of Common People at all. Instead, they can become resources, and we can steal their faith. " "That is indeed a good idea."

Wen Hong's face lit up. "Right now, there are many powerful people, and those officials collude with the aristocratic families and even the temples. They obey the orders of the imperial court, and even if I am the Emperor, I can't do anything about it."

"That's natural. Without the methods of Father, it is impossible to completely change the divine continent."

Gu Chensha said, "The Celestial Path Mystic Sect is also a big scourge, and I will suppress them one by one. Xuan Xin of the Heaven and Earth Mystic Sect is actually still alive, and has become a Saint at the peak of the 36 Transformations, and is even about to break through to the Celestial Lord Realm? How interesting. "

In the real world, Xuan Xin, who only appeared once in thousands of years in the Heaven and Earth Mystic Sect, had long since offended Gu Taxian and was killed on the spot. But in this dream world, Xuan Xin was still alive, and had even become the number one person in the Heaven and Earth Mystic Sect, and even had a chance of becoming a Celestial Lord. Gu Chensha didn't care about this, and he naturally had a way to deal with it.

From his exploration of the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree, Gu Chensha understood that this world he had fallen into should also be a real world. Perhaps some of the things he obtained here could be brought back to the real world. For example, the second move of the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art, "Heaven and Earth Immortality". Gu Chensha was 100% sure that he could bring it back. Of course, this was only possible if he could actually return.

"If we want to rule the world, we will divide it into these steps.

First, the Heaven Mending Party I just created will be patrolling everywhere, reorganizing the officials, and establishing a faith and ideology in the imperial court. This way, my strength will increase.

Second, I will send the General of Common People to stir up trouble in the Barbarian Tribe and snatch the faith of those evil gods.

This will prevent the Barbarian Tribe from invading. Third, I will use the means of Buddhism to enlighten the demons and turn the demons in the Bottomless Sea of Sin into Guardian Vajra. "

Gu Chensha said, "Fourth, I will use my means to meet the people of Taiyi Fantasy Sect, the Universe Mysterious Sect, and the Heavenly Dance Fantasy Sect. If I contact them, Chang Weiyang of the Universe Mysterious Sect should understand everything that I said."

Chang Weiyang was an amazing woman. Gu Chensha believed that she would also readily agree to cooperate with him in this dream world.

"This world is really wonderful. I can get to know my old friends one by one, make new plans, and reorganize the world. Even if it's fake, I can gain great experience. The will of the Heaven Realm pulled me into this world. Although it wants to trap me, it actually gave me a great opportunity. I'd like to see how much merit can I get from my father's great achievements?" Gu Chensha calculated rapidly in his mind.

He discussed a few more things with Wen Hong. Then, his body moved and he left this place to prepare a series of plans.

Gu Chensha wanted to end the battle quickly. In a few days, he immediately set off huge waves on the Divine Land.

Time waited for no man. If he stayed here for too long, he was afraid that there would be many changes in the real world. Because the time in this world was synchronized with the real world. There was no time to waste.

In the real world, it was Heavenly Talisman 33 years. In this world, it was also Heavenly Talisman 33 years.

He left this place and his body changed. He tore open the space and arrived at the Baoyu Country on the sea. The Baoyu Country here had not surrendered yet. It was still a country on the sea.

However, he did not come here for the Baoyu Country. He came here to find a key existence, which was the sealed "Xing Qiong". The Xing Qiong in this dream world should not have been released. After being released, Gu Chensha wanted to throw the world into chaos.

Furthermore, the Xing Qiong would definitely be used. Ignoring everything else, Gu Chensha's mastery of the Divine Prefecture Grand Magic was even more exquisite than the Xing Qiong in this world. In that case, the Xing Qiong would definitely be subdued.

"The Jade God of the Baoyu Country is still high up in the sky, establishing a god kingdom and a minor chiliocosm. That's why the Baoyu Country in this world is so powerful. Other than that, Dragonsword Island is also very powerful, and Long Yuyun has a lot of power. With the Dragon God and the Sea God, not even the Son of Heaven can do anything about them. It's going to be very, very difficult. "

Only now did Gu Chensha realize that the reason the Celestial Calmness Division had developed so smoothly was because the Heavenly Talisman Grand Emperor had sealed the legion of gods and intimidated countless old-timers.