Chapter 1086
============

The test was successful.

"Gu Chensha, you're toying with us."

Mister Wu Wu was infuriated. "I don't believe that you've really reached such a level. How dare you tease and scare us like this? Let's see what happens to you."

Hearing that Gu Chensha was going to impart the tenth level of Undying Dao to them, Mister Wu Wu and the rest were not moved at all. Instead, they were enraged.

This was understandable. The reason why Gu Chensha said this was because he saw Mister Wu Wu and the others as test subjects. He did not fear them at all. In fact, he did not even put them in his eyes. Would a person be afraid of a lab rat?

Seeing how Gu Chensha looked at him as though he was a lab rat, Mister None refused to believe that Gu Chensha's strength had reached such a level.

"Whether you believe me or not, it doesn't matter. In any case, Zhou Yang's test subject has to reach the Undying level. As for how he plans to get revenge on me after that, it doesn't really matter. Zhao Jiangshan has already reached the Undying level, and he's back in the form of an ox. Perhaps he'll come out to cause more trouble in the future. However, if you go too far, you'll be suppressed again. Zhou Yang was the same. "

Gu Chensha shook his head, "Mister Wu Wu, you guys don't understand my realm at all. If you don't learn, you'll soon fall behind." "Gu Chensha, you're still too arrogant.

Zhou Yang couldn't be compared to Zhao Jiangshan. What did Zhao Jiangshan amount to? Zhou Yang's ascension to the Peerless Immortal Realm was all due to devouring Fa Wuxian. Even if he had ascended, his strength was still the weakest among all the Peerless Immortals.

But Zhou Yang was different. He had inherited the will of the Old World and the New World, and as a result, the Imperishable Realm he had comprehended could shake heaven and earth. Once he succeeds, he will far surpass us. It's not something you can control.

When the time comes, both of us will die. Don't play with fire and burn yourself just for the sake of an experiment. "Mister Inexorable let out a long howl. He seemed to have sensed something and was panicking.

He could sense that if Gu Chensha tried to stop him, Zhou Yang would devour all of the main character candidates, and then devour Zhou Yuhao. With destiny, he would push the Nine Profound Cosmos to the Deathless level.

"Playing with fire?" Gu Chensha shook his head. "I'm talking to you about realms now, but you won't understand at all.

It's like a chicken talking to a duck, or a summer bug talking to an ice bug. It doesn't have much meaning, but if you can acknowledge my ideals and get rid of the old world together to build a new world, I'll immediately impart these realms to you. Knowledge is limitless. Even if you stand at the peak of the multiverse, your knowledge is pitifully thin. " "Gu Chensha, you will reap what you sow."

Mister Wuwu roared. The four of them used their peerless powers to attack, but they could not get out. They could not send their powers to Zhou Yuhao.

At this time, in the imperial study of the Nine Profound Empire, Zhou Yang had already killed the three male and two female main character candidates.

"Zhou Yang, you will die a horrible death."

The last man was grabbed by the head by Zhou Yang and turned into a pile of human skin. Before he died, he let out a curse. However, these curses were nothing to Zhou Yang. In fact, to him, curses were a type of power that could be devoured.

"My father, where is your trump card? Why aren't you using it? Based on my understanding of you, there's no way you can trust these trash. You must have a powerful trump card that can devour them. If you don't take it out now, you will die."

Zhou Yang devoured the five main character candidates, and felt that he was unprecedentedly strong. He could break through at any time and reach the Deathless level. He closed in on Zhou Yuhao step by step. Zhou Yuhao desperately called out to Mister Wuwu, but Mister Wuwu did not reply.

His heart was burning with anxiety, but he could only pretend to be calm. He sighed and said, "Zhou Yang, you're my son. Even a vicious tiger will not eat its own cubs. If you're willing to rein yourself in before it's too late, I can spare your life. Otherwise, I'll have no choice but to kill you."

"Tell me, what trump card do you have? Is there a Deathless level expert?" Zhou Yang stopped. He was indeed a bit afraid.

"Mister Wuwu, have you heard of him?"

Zhou Yuhao clasped his hands behind his back, looking as calm as a mountain, "Zhou Yang, if you're obedient and work with your father, I can help you reach the Invincible Imperishable level. But if you're stubborn, then I'll have no choice but to place righteousness before family."

"Mister Infinity …" Hearing this name, Zhou Yang's expression changed. At his level, he obviously knew about the deepest secrets of the multiverse, so he naturally knew about the existence of Mister Infinity, a mysterious and unfathomable Immortal Realm expert.

Although he was extremely strong now, he was still very weak when facing an Deathless level expert. He could die at any moment. Once he reached the Deathless level, even the Heavenly Dao would be like an ant.

"Father, I didn't expect you to have an Deathless level expert supporting you." After thinking for a while, Zhou Yang calmed down and said, "Then let's share the Nine Mysterious Universe." "Hahaha …" Zhou Yuhao laughed and said, "You are worth teaching …" "You dare to use trickery, an empty fort stratagem to deceive me?"

At that moment, a cruel smile appeared on Zhou Yang's face. A flash of light flashed, and Zhou Yuhao's head fell to the ground. He asked in disbelief, "Unfilial son, you dare …"

"I, Zhou Yang, will reverse everything. Don't mention Mister Wuwu, even if it is Gu Chensha, I will kill him. I will make him beg for death. You dare to scare me?"

Zhou Yang stepped forward and crushed Zhou Yuhao's head. "I knew you were strong on the outside, but you used Mister Wuwu to scare me. If Mister Wuwu was here, he wouldn't have allowed me to kill the five main characters. Is he an idiot?

Mister Wuwu was born from the Origin Will of the old world, so of course he would be one of the main characters. " At that moment, Zhou Yuhao died with everlasting regret.

"Making a big difference."

Zhou Yang flicked his finger, incinerating Zhou Yu Hao into ashes. He then sat down on the throne and shouted, "Ministers, come in quickly." Following his call, many of the ministers arrived a few hours later, and they were all stunned.

"My father was assassinated by an other-universe expert and died. Now I am the Emperor of the Nine Mysterious Universe. Do you have any objections?" Zhou Yang looked around.

"Greetings, Your Majesty."

Most of the ministers in the Nine Profound Cosmos were Zhou Yang's people. Only a small portion of them were Zhou Yuhao's people. Therefore, Zhou Yuhao wanted to make a comeback.

Seeing that there was no hope of a comeback, they suppressed their ambitions and knelt on the ground.

"Alright, since everyone knows how to adapt to circumstances, I won't do anything to you." Zhou Yang waved his hand. "Everyone, prepare for the ceremony. I will sacrifice the cosmos to promote it." In the blink of an eye, a grand ceremony began in the Nine Mysterious Universe. Gu Chensha trapped Mister Wuwu while observing the changes in the Nine Mysterious Universe. The entire Nine Mysterious Universe was holding a huge ceremony.

Zhou Yang was indeed strong, and he managed to calm the hearts of the people in the universe very quickly. First, he tried to appease the hearts of the people. Then, he educated them, brainwashed them, and made them remember that he was the Emperor and the ruler. After that, he carried out a bloody purge. All sorts of terrifying policies were carried out.

Under this series of attacks, everyone knew that this Emperor was the supreme ruler of the universe. If they followed him, they would have a good life. If they didn't, their fates would be miserable. Stabilizing the situation, purifying the hearts of the people.

"Not bad, not bad. His political methods are swift and decisive."

Gu Chensha nodded his head. At this time, Zhou Yang was activating his governance methods to unify the hearts of the people in the universe. First, he activated a magical technique to construct teleportation formations in every corner of the universe, allowing people to communicate with each other. In every village, there was a huge magical screen that broadcasted the orders of the court. At the same time, he created an army of puppets and stationed them in many important places. Finally, he created puppet governors to execute the orders of the court. The grassroots, the villages, and the towns were places that the power of the empire couldn't reach.

If the power of the empire could reach the grassroots, the destiny of the empire would increase by tens of times, or even thousands of times.

Now that Zhou Yang understood this, he started to enter the grassroots, and the destiny of the entire universe started to rise. After that, the ceremony began.

The entire universe, in every village, and even the animals on every mountain, started to pray under the power of the ceremony. Space trembled, and spacetime distorted. Kacha!

The origin of the Nine Mysterious Universe reached its limit and started to expand, devouring everything in its path. First, a wave of energy descended on the five main characters' universes.

The five main characters' universes immediately merged with the Nine Mysterious Universe. The living beings didn't even know what was happening. They just felt like the place they were in was changing.

Of course, these creatures did not die. Moreover, during the fusion of the two universes, many unexpected things could happen, and many opportunities could be created. RUMBLE!

After the Nine Mysterious Universe merged with the five other universes, it devoured dozens of other universes. Then, it suddenly shook, and the ground changed. Space distorted, and wormholes appeared. After that, the will of the universe expanded.

This universe became a super-giant universe, an existence comparable to the Arcana Universe, Taiwu Universe, Mother Nest Universe, and Primordius Universe.

At the same time, Zhou Yang's body shook, and a peerless energy appeared in his body. However, it was just a trace.