Chapter 1093
============

His Lair Has Been Destroyed Whoosh! Zhou Yang appeared in front of Li Fusheng.

"Who are you?" Li Fusheng stood up, looking nervous.

"Don't be nervous, I'm here to teach you. I'm your master."

Zhou Yang sat down, and with a tap, a table and tea appeared. "Li Fusheng, I see that you have a lot of fate energy, so I'm sure you'll be the master of the old world. I'm here to teach you. What do you think?" "You're here to teach me?" Li Fusheng quickly calmed down. "You're an undying expert? If I'm not wrong, you're the Central Plains Master of the Universe, Zhou Yang? " "Oh? You know me? "Zhou Yang was shocked." How did you know? "

Li Fusheng put down the book in his hand and said in a tone that was neither servile nor overbearing, "In the current multiverse, there are as many experts as there are clouds in the sky, but those who have not reached the Immortal Realm are few and far between. Mister's temperament can tell at a glance that you are a supreme overlord of a world, so I believe that you are the Master of the Central Plains of the Universe.

"As expected of a candidate for the old world's main character, to be able to tell where I came from." Zhou Yang was secretly shocked. "Then are you going to learn from me?" "Greetings, Master." Li Fusheng knelt on the ground.

"Hahahaha …" Zhou Yang laughed. "You're worth teaching. If that's the case, I'm your master now. Let me ask you, the old world has already taken shape, and countless races are fighting each other. But there will always be a true overlord that will unite the old world. Who do you think this overlord will be?" "Of course it's you, Master." Li Fusheng said. "Master, I don't think anyone in the old world is a match for you. With a little trick, you'll be able to take everything in the old world and become an overlord. "

"My good disciple, you can see that the old world has many choices, but it definitely won't choose me."

Zhou Yang chuckled. "Your Li Family's influence might be enough to become an overlord in the Old World, but it's definitely not enough to conquer it. Why don't I help you become the overlord of the Old World?"

"How can a disciple become an overlord if he doesn't have enough experience?" Li Fusheng was shocked and hurriedly refused.

"It's settled then. In the Old World, what is needed is strength, absolute strength. Only then can you destroy those disobedient existences one by one and obtain the legendary Old World Throne. Once you obtain it, you will be the overlord of the world." Zhou Yang pointed at Li Fusheng, and immediately, a large amount of energy entered his body.

He knew that Li Fusheng was a candidate for the main character of the old world. Through his growth, he would be able to obtain the throne of the old world, as well as the quintessence of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian.

While Zhou Yang was making plans in the Old World, a huge storm was brewing in the dark in the Central Plains.

"The Emperor Of Heaven Pill. I didn't think it would actually be in your possession."

At that moment, the Fourth Gu Huasha saw Wei Jia and the aura of the Emperor Of Heaven Pill. He was overjoyed.

"What do you want?" At this moment, Wei Jia's strength had increased. (If this chapter is not finished, please turn the page.) Remember the mobile URL: M.