Chapter 456
===========

"What do you think of my plan?"

Wudang Xing's seniority was the same as Wu Dangkong's, and in the Wu Clan, his status wasn't much lower than Wu Dangkong's. Moreover, Wudang Xing had a prideful personality and didn't address Wu Dangkong respectfully. This was Wudang Xing's personality, and Gu Chensha imitated it perfectly. Wu Dangkong didn't mind and seemed to be used to it.

"Your plan isn't bad, but as the liaison, you will be attacked by the Calming Xian Department. You better think it through." "Hmph! If the Calming Xian Department dares to oppose the world's clans, it will be their doomsday. "

Gu Chensha's Wudang Xing revealed killing intent. "Dragon Nurturing Mental Art, Dragon Creation Mental Art, the world's momentum, and the oath to the common people.

If we don't keep our guard up, I'm afraid that in a few more years, the Celestial Calmness Department will be established. At that time, we won't be able to shake it anymore. At that time, someone has to stand up and do all kinds of things. That Fa Wuxian is a coward, but I don't want a bunch of mud legs to be on equal footing with us aristocratic family disciples. " "That's right."

Wu Dangkong had been in politics for years, and her horizons had broadened. Her temperament had gradually changed as well. The big and small matters in the imperial court had greatly sharpened her. "The Calming Xian Department's move is indeed fierce, tyrannical, and tyrannical.

Just the complete version of the Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique was enough to make everyone in the world scramble for it, not to mention the higher grade Dragon Creation Cultivation Technique.

Apart from that, the Calming Xian Department's Sky Demon Tree has matured and can continuously produce all kinds of artifacts and elixirs. Compared to the Bu Zhou Palace, its manufacturing ability is a hundred times stronger. It will soon occupy the market and squeeze out our Clear Sky Merchant Association. Even the Celestial Craft Institute will be squeezed. " "Therefore, we must gather our forces and give the Calming Xian Department a thunderous blow."

Gu Chensha intentionally said, "Although I have great ambitions, I'm afraid those clans will think that I am inexperienced and won't listen to me. Therefore, I came to discuss with you."

Wu Dangkong's cultivation was increasing by the day, and her status in the Wu Clan was getting higher. Furthermore, the true core members of the Wu Clan already knew that she might have the Heaven Sacrificial Decree and was under the command of the heavens.

"Of course, your cultivation is only at the Golden Core Realm. You're still too weak to convince all the big families.

Based on Jing Qiu's cultivation level, he has contacted many powerful people, but in the end he failed at the last step. "Wu Dangkong said," But you are willing to be the vanguard, that is extremely good.

Jing Qiu has already paved the way for us. After his failure, we can learn a lot from his experience. Since you're here today, I'll discuss it with the Crown Prince and Gu Tanjian. " "Hahaha, Brother Dang Xing is really radical."

At this moment, a voice rang out. A person appeared in front of him. It was Crown Prince Gu Xuansha. "With such a disciple, the Wu Family has hope." "In the future, Brother Wu can be our vanguard." Gu Tanjian also appeared.

They were extremely respectful to Wudang Xing, and naturally, they were certain that this person could be the vanguard.

Gu Chensha cupped his hands. "Brother Xuansha, Brother Flicking Sword, the two of you are now magnates. Let's discuss how to deal with the Calming Immortal Department. If the two of you can fully support me, I am willing to be the vanguard and attack the Calming Immortal Department." "This is inevitable. We also lack a brave warrior who dares to be the vanguard. "

Gu Tanjian stared at Gu Chensha's transformed Wudang Xing for a long time. "Originally, Jing Qiu had the chance to destroy the Calming Immortal Department, but it was a pity that he failed.

However, the Calming Immortal Department has been too excessive recently and actually wanted to conquer the world. This is going too far. "

"I also think that the Calming Immortal Department might be a part of the imperial court, but they have destroyed the imperial court's current structure. If this continues, the people will only know about the Calming Immortal Department and not the imperial court or me, the Crown Prince."

Gu Xuansha was actually a little sullen. He might be the Crown Prince, but the Imperial Concubine Ming, Wu Dangkong, was in the study room. The Celestial Craft Department and the Calming Immortal Department weren't under his control. The officials in the study room had their own ideas, and the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises of the imperial court didn't openly support him. Some of his brothers had their own ulterior motives and were currently supporting Gu Tanjian. At a glance, apart from having the title of Crown Prince, he was actually a loner.

Fortunately, he had prepared for a rainy day and established the Hongyun Games among the people, which was more or less helpful. In addition, he was adept at forming alliances. By pulling Wu Dangkong along, he could slowly accumulate his strength.

However, as the Calming Immortal Department grew stronger day and night, he actually felt a sense of despair.

After the Calming Immortal Department defeated the Ape Race, he felt that things weren't right. If he didn't restrict them, he wouldn't be able to keep his position as the Crown Prince.

Before he could come up with a concrete countermeasure, the Calming Immortal Department announced that they had obtained the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and the Dragon Creation Sutra. They opened the Common People's Wish Academy and even sent out 360 Common People's Marshals to intimidate the world. Gu Xuansha looked at those Common People's Generals and felt even more despair. That was because he realized that he wasn't even a match for one Common People's Generals.

His cultivation was 22 Transformation Heaven and Earth, but the quality of his Dharma Power was still the Vajra Technique, which was far from the True Dragon Technique.

Even if he had the White Tiger Bloodline, having the Saint Beast Bloodline was different from having a true Saint Beast. The True Dragon Technique could only be cultivated by a Natural Saint.

Unparalleled geniuses and Innate Saints were of the same level, but the difference was like heaven and earth.

Any puppet would at most reach the Vajra Technique. He really couldn't understand how the Common People's Generals could cultivate the True Dragon Technique.

His own strength was cultivated bitterly and who knew how many fortuitous encounters he had. However, in the end, he was still weaker than a puppet, especially when there were 360 of them. No matter who it was, they would feel despair.

Wu Dangkong was also in despair. She estimated that if she didn't use treasures and just relied on her true cultivation, the 10 Common People's Generals would be able to suppress her.

She obtained the Heaven Ritual Talisman and had many fortuitous encounters. She went through the Grotto-Heaven Ritual, the Dharma King Ritual, and also received Xing Qiongshi's guidance. She cultivated bitterly and finally reached the limit of the 22 Transformation Heaven and Earth, the River of All Things. This change could be said to be the limit of one's Dharma Power. However, each of the Common People's Generals could transform into the River of All Things. She really couldn't understand how Calming Xian Department was able to craft it.

"Since we have come to an agreement, then things will be much easier."

Gu Chensha turned into Wudang Xing and said, "Brother Flicking Sword, I heard that you have a strong presence behind you. Can you give me some pointers as the vanguard to deal with Calming Xian Department? Let me obtain some benefits so that I will have better strength to charge. " Gu Chensha wanted to obtain the secrets of The Great Spirit God from Gu Tanjian.

From Grand Preceptor Wen Hong, Gu Chensha found out that The Great Spirit God was the most cunning god since ancient times.

Although his foundation was vast and his Dharma Power was not as strong as God Maha, he was able to abandon his Heavenly God Throne and escape from the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's seal while the other gods were sealed. From this, one could see that this god had immeasurable power and schemes.

"I can give you a talisman."

Gu Tanjian flicked his finger and a jade talisman landed in Gu Chensha's hand. "This talisman was crafted by The Great Spirit God. After it is ignited, it can instantly summon 100,000 Giant Spirit Soldiers. Within the time it takes for an incense stick to burn, they can set up an inescapable net to trap the enemy. However, this talisman can only be used once."

"The Mighty Miracle Soldiers were created by the ancient Mighty Miracle God for Ancient Tianzi. Each of them is at the level of a Fourteenth Transformation Primordial Spirit Projection Stage expert. The Mighty Miracle Heavenly Generals are almost at the level of an Eighteen Transformation Great Dao Golden Core."

Gu Chensha pretended to be surprised. "Although it's just an illusion, 100,000 soldiers can tear apart many existences in a breath's time." "Brother Flicking Sword, you're really rich."

Gu Xuansha said, "I'm poor, and I don't like being the Crown Prince. I don't have any magic treasures to help Brother Danxing. But I can order the Hongyun Association to help Brother Danxing with this important matter." Gu Xuansha was obviously stingy and stingy.

Gu Chensha laughed inwardly. This Gu Tanjian is up to no good. There must be something strange about this Giant Spirit Commander's Talisman, but I can obtain the Great Spirit God's secrets from it. Finally, I've found some clues about The Great Spirit God. When I have the time, I'll find Wen Hong and use his methods to obtain more information. I've given him many of the memories I obtained from the Xingqiong Clan and Jiang Gongwang. His cultivation is probably increasing by the day. " "Our three forces will form an alliance."

Wu Dangkong said formally, "Let's not fight each other in the future. Let's work together to deal with the Celestial Tranquility Bureau. If we continue to plot against each other, we'll be in big trouble in a few years." "Alright, that's for sure. Divided, we disperse. United, we unite."

Gu Tanjian clapped his hands. "Brother Wudang Xing will be the emissary of this alliance. Today, we'll sign an agreement. Our Fortune Party, the Hongyun Movement, and the Clearsky Chamber of Commerce will form an alliance called the Heaven Alliance. What do you think? "

"I think it's a good idea. The Heaven Alliance will be formed by our three forces. Wudang Xing will be the emissary to persuade everyone."

Wu Dangkong took out a jade tablet and infused it with his aura. Then, he handed it to Gu Tanjian and Gu Xuansha. "You two infuse your aura as well. This will serve as a token of our Heaven Alliance. Let Wudang Xing carry it. It's also a proof of identity. " "Of course." Gu Tanjian and Gu Xuansha both infused their auras as well.

As Gu Tanjian infused his aura, he held the jade tablet in his hand. "This kind of jade is rare in the world. It's so sturdy that not even saints can break it. Only the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art's Jade Transformation Talisman can break it. There's also a boundless fiendish aura in this jade …"

Gu Chensha's heart jumped. When Wu Dangkong took out the jade tablet, he could already tell that it was the jade mountain that sealed the Xingqiong Clan. Could it be that Wu Dangkong really had released the Xingqiong Clan?

This was a huge question. The last time Gu Chensha went to look for it, the jade mountain had disappeared. There was no way Wu Dangkong could dissolve such a huge jade mountain. Even though Gu Chensha had cultivated the Heavenly Dao Art, he couldn't dissolve the jade mountain in a short period of time. Perhaps the Xingqiong Clan had freed itself and reached some sort of agreement with Wu Dangkong.