Chapter 1095
============

Who is the Fisherman?

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, and Zhou Yang had both reached the Invincible Imperishable Realm. Logically speaking, as long as Gu Chensha did not make a move, no one in this world could do anything to them. But Gu Chensha could already see their fates.

Sooner or later, the two of them would be devoured by the main character and become nutrients for the main character.

Perhaps they didn't know it themselves, but Gu Chensha's cultivation was far above theirs, so he could clearly see their fates.

If the two of them immediately changed their minds and joined the New World and became Gu Chensha's subordinates, they could escape the fate of being devoured as nutrients. Unfortunately, the two of them were eyeing the Old World covetously. Furthermore, they hated Gu Chensha to the bone, so it was impossible for them to join the New World. Because of this, the two of them will meet a tragic end.

However, Gu Chensha couldn't see clearly who had devoured them. This was the only thing he couldn't see clearly.

"That Throne?

That terrifying source, that father Gu Taxian's will has already been contaminated … "Gu Chensha looked into the depths of the Old World again. The deepest part of the Old World was that strange space.

In that space, there was a gigantic divine palace. In the center of the divine palace, there was a throne and the body of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, Gu Taxian, was seated on the throne.

The current Gu Taxian wasn't the Gu Taxian from back then. It was just a form that looked similar. The real Gu Taxian had already fused with the Old World's Heavenly Dao essence. However, Gu Chensha wanted to save his father.

Of course, it wasn't that easy to save them. They had to wait for the Old World's main character to appear, suppress them, and then slowly refine them. Only then could they succeed. Now was definitely not the time. Whoosh! Gu Chensha strolled leisurely into the hall and faced the throne.

Who knew how long Zhou Yang had spent to get here, but Gu Chensha had stepped in with a single step. It seemed that as long as he was serious, he could take anything from the Old World.

He walked up to the throne, clasped his hands behind his back, and looked at Gu Tianxian, who was sitting on the throne. He sighed and said, "Essence Will of the Old World, what are you struggling for?

The old era has already passed. Ever since the birth of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, you also know that the old era has begun to fade away. All living beings in the world are opening their arms to welcome the arrival of a brand new era. However, you are stubborn and refuse to change. You even want to drag all living beings into the dark era once again. Do you think that you can succeed?

"Gu Chensha, it's hard to say who will be able to grasp the new era. In fact, you also know that the Old World and the New World can merge together. You are just a variant. The future era will not belong to you," said the Origin of the Old World.

"Aren't you afraid that I'll suppress and refine you for talking to me like that?" Gu Chensha had a smile on his face as if he was chatting with a friend.

"If you had the ability, you would have done it a long time ago. Why wait until now?"

The Old World's Origin Will said, "Also, even if you have the ability to suppress me, I will self-destruct and destroy your Old World. This is an era of a new era. As long as you and I use our mystiques, there will be a chain reaction. I know you want to strip Gu Taxian's Origin Will from my body, but it's impossible. " "Why am I talking so much to you?"

Gu Chensha laughed when he heard this. "You're actually not human. You don't have your own feelings. To a certain extent, you're just a system. In the end, you still have to choose a person with great destiny to make yourself a real person. However, your fate will be tragic. You'll probably be devoured by that person. The person I'm waiting for hasn't appeared yet. You don't even know who that person is. The person who devours you is my final enemy." "Destiny is not what you see," the Old World's Origin Will said.

The Old World's Origin Will said, "In the end, you will also be devoured by others. You are not the protagonist of the New World. The final struggle and battle have nothing to do with you. You are invincible now, but in the end, you will also become nourishment and food for others. I can see this very clearly. Unfortunately, those who are closely involved can't see it clearly. No matter how powerful you are, you can't see this clearly."

"That's right, that's right …" Gu Chensha laughed loudly. "You're right. Before I reach the tenth level of Immortality, there are indeed some things that I can't see clearly. However, that's why it's interesting."

"Gu Chensha, you're starting to lose control. This isn't very interesting for you." The Old World's Origin Will laughed coldly. "Please leave my God Palace." Rumble!

Waves of energy were generated, trying to push Gu Chensha out. If it was Zhou Yang, he would have been pushed out of the hall, but Gu Chensha's strength was more than a hundred times stronger than Zhou Yang's. He didn't move at all in front of this wave of power. The Old World's Origin Will seemed incredibly weak in front of him.

"It's useless."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Don't waste your power. If you can find the true main character and fuse with him, you'll be able to fight me."

Although Gu Chensha resisted this repulsive power, he didn't do anything. He didn't seal the Old World's Origin Will either. He just let the Old World's Origin Will do as it pleased. After a while, the Old World's Origin Will couldn't do anything. It could only stop. Gu Chensha turned and left.

This was all. The Old World's Origin Will was a dead thing. Although it had immense power, it didn't have a soul. It couldn't awaken its own soul power. This was the difference between it and people.

This thing that looked like Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian could destroy countless existences, but it didn't have its own heart. In other words, even if it cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, it was a rootless source. No power could gush out from it. All living things in the world could be called humans if they had a heart. This was the difference between humans and other things. As such, Gu Chensha didn't care about the Old World's Origin Will.

When the Old World's Origin Will fused with a main character that was about to be born, it would become a real person with its own "heart." Only then would this person's power be truly terrifying. They would be able to pose a threat to Gu Chensha. In this world, only humans could deal with Gu Chensha. More accurately, only the human heart could deal with Gu Chensha. The human heart was the most important thing.

This was a truth that Gu Chensha had understood from the very beginning. When he was 15, he had obtained the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman and mastered the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Technique. This was the final technique of the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Technique, the Hearts of All Beings.

"The Old World is turbulent, suppressing people's hearts. Unfortunately, it's impossible to suppress a person's heart.

Although the Arcana World that I set up is greatly suppressed in the Old World, I can still use my mind power to cast Arcana Techniques. "Gu Chensha once again observed the Old World.

In the New World, no one relied on devouring to improve themselves. Instead, they relied on creation and output to obtain eternal life and not die.

Logically speaking, there shouldn't be anything from the New World in the Old World. Energy was absolutely conserved, and everyone still followed the original rules. If one wanted to cultivate to the highest realm, they had to first eat food and pills from the outside world, absorb spirit qi, immortal qi, chaos essence force, faith power, or refine enemies to obtain providence. However, there were still a large number of Arcanists in the Old World.

Although this system wasn't as powerful as before, it still existed. This was equivalent to giving the Old World some flaws, making it not as perfect as the New World. This was Gu Chensha's plan back then.

Moreover, the Old World couldn't destroy the Arcanists, because they were too powerful. Firstly, they didn't need any resources from the outside world. They didn't need to eat or drink, and they absorbed spirit qi. They were completely one with themselves. How could such people be destroyed?

Another reason was that when the four realms had become one, the Arcana World's power had merged with the Old World's, which was equivalent to having a share of the Old World.

As such, it was actually very difficult for the Old World to destroy the Arcana World. They could only wait for the main character to appear, unify the world, and use his great power to reverse the situation. With a single thought, Gu Chensha could cover every corner of the Old World. He was observing the living conditions of those Arcanists.

The Arcana World had been painstakingly created by him, and those Arcanists had also accepted his ideas of the New World and knew how to use their mind power. These people could be said to be Gu Chensha's people, so he naturally cherished them.

"Damn it, the rules of this world are suppressing the Arcanists more and more. Originally, when I activated my fireball, it was the size of a water tank, but now it's only the size of a broad bean.

And I can feel that the source of our Arcana Techniques' power, my own mind, is gradually being covered in dust. My output channels have been blocked. " In the middle of a mountain. Arcanist Tang Chuan's body was covered in saber wounds, as if he were being chased. He activated four Arcana Techniques: Invisibility, Vanishing Scent, Cleansing, and Recovery.

Using these four Arcana Techniques should have been a piece of cake for him, but unfortunately, he was now panting heavily. Whoosh, whoosh, whoosh! A few people who were chasing him landed on the ground.

These people were dressed in pitch-black armor and wore demonic masks. They wielded scimitars in their hands, and their auras were extremely fierce. A powerful aura emanated from their bodies.

"Arcana Master Tang Chuan has disappeared?"

One of the people looked around but didn't discover any movement. The mountain was covered in short bushes, making it impossible for anyone to hide. However, they couldn't find any traces of Tang Chuan.