Chapter 241
===========

"Young Master's Connate Gang Qi is so powerful that it's shocking. In one day, he gathered materials from the ground to build a temple, sculpted a divine beast, and attracted the power of the stars to descend, turning this place into a blessed land for construction." The green and white snakes saw Gu Chensha's actions and almost fainted.

They also had Connate Gang Qi now and could build cave abodes, bridges, houses, and altars, but Connate Gang Qi was limited.

For example, they used their Gang Qi to dig out stones weighing tens or even hundreds of thousands of kilograms from the mountains and moved them to the top of the mountain, then used their Gang Qi to carve them. The consumption of Gang Qi was huge, and they might run out of Gang Qi after just a few pieces and need to rest for a while.

Gu Chensha, on the other hand, released several thousand streams of energy from his body. Every single stream of energy was stronger than all of them combined. Did this mean that his Connate Gang Qi was a thousand times stronger than theirs? How was this possible? Even the capacity of an ancient giant beast was not this strong. But when they thought about how Gu Chensha had the Dragon Gate, they understood.

This Dragon Gate was not the real Dragon Gate, but after many transformations, the amount of Connate Gang Qi it could contain was as vast as the mountains and the seas.

Without the Dragon Gate, Gu Chensha would only be a little stronger than the outstanding disciples of the Celestial Dao, and it would not be so exaggerated.

In fact, cultivators yearned for a Dharma treasure that could store Connate Gang Qi. Having one was equivalent to having double or even several times their own Gang Qi, and it was a great advantage against the enemy.

Of course, the Dragon Gate's storage was too shocking. Not only that, it could absorb the enemy's Connate Gang Qi and turn it into its own. This Dharma treasure could attack and defend, and was not inferior to some of the Celestial Dao's legacy treasures.

Back then, Yuan Shasheng had obtained the remains of the Dragon Transformation Tower with great difficulty. He had sacrificed countless living beings to the Chaotic Demonic Ape God, using his divine power to activate the tower's mysteries, and then refined the Dragon Transformation Liquid to cultivate it. In the end, it still fell into Gu Chensha's hands.

If he had cultivated the tower successfully in a few years and integrated it into his body, he would have become a Golden Core of the Great Path, and his strength would have risen to an unbelievable level.

As for Gu Chensha, it was unknown how much Sun and Moon Dragon Blood Gu Chensha had used to feed this treasure. He had also sacrificed the souls of many evil people to the heavens to further refine this treasure. He had also fused many other treasures into one to form the Dragon Gate of today. How could it be simple?

This treasure was nourished by the dragon's repulse day and night in his Dantian, and with every passing day, it would become a little more miraculous. After a few decades, as Gu Chensha's cultivation base became more profound, it would probably merge with his body.

"But, we've made such a big scene. What if we encounter an expert?" Little Qing was a little worried.

"I was just worried that the experts wouldn't come." Gu Chensha smiled.

If experts like Jiang Xue He or the Iron Roc King came, Gu Chensha would be able to capture them instantly. It just so happened that he lacked souls to sacrifice to the heavens. He would use this monster as a sacrifice to open the Skydemon Book.

However, just relying on Jiang Xue He and the Iron Roc King was not enough to activate the power of the Heavenly Dao to open the Skydemon Book. He needed more experts.

Also, other than cultivating, Gu Chensha had set up the altar here to borrow the mountain's magnetic field to better receive the power of the stars. At the same time, he could calculate the location of the reincarnated person of the Martial Song Planet. He could instantly observe the movements in Wuzhou City from a high vantage point.

After the altar and temple were built, he could accumulate the power of the stars day and night. When the time came, he could also use it to assist.

For example, if he gathered here for seven days, he could activate the Demon God's Star's Destruction Thunder recorded in the Skydemon Book once. It would be much more powerful than any of his attacks.

In fact, many powerful Dharma spells had to be prepared in advance. It could be as short as a few days, as long as a few months, or even a few years or decades.

For example, Gu Chensha's Sun Moon Annihilation. If he casually released it, it would be powerful. But if he prepared it in advance and absorbed enough power of the sun and moon to refine it, the power would be several times greater.

Today, Gu Chensha had set up the 28 Constellation Demon God Transformation Array recorded in the Skydemon Book, but in fact, he had hidden the Sun Moon Annihilation Array.

At night, this huge temple and altar would absorb the starlight and moonlight. During the day, it would absorb the sunlight. And while Gu Chensha was calculating and cultivating here, below the altar, there would gradually be a ball of sun and moon light formed by many runes. He was borrowing the mountain's magnetic field to prepare the Sun Moon Annihilation Dharma spell.

The longer he prepared, the more powerful this Dharma spell would be. However, he could only release it once. After that, he would have to gather it again.

He had already predicted that there would be a huge battle soon, so he made early preparations to ensure that nothing went wrong. After the reincarnated person of the Martial Song Star appeared, he had to be taken away and brought into the Calming Immortal Department. This was an order from the imperial court, a decree from the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. It could also strengthen the Calming Immortal Department. At the same time, it could prevent such people from being taken away by the Immortal Dao, refined by the Demonic Dao, or wandering among the people, causing a huge disaster.

After the altar was set up, Gu Chensha cultivated with the green and white snakes. In a few days, he memorized all the contents of the Skydemon Book. Then, he began to cultivate selectively.

As for Gu Chensha, he only comprehended and fused the various Dharma spells and principles in the Skydemon Book with all his martial arts in his sea of consciousness. Finally, he augmented them all on the Life Heaven Mending Art.

As he concentrated on learning, he benefited a lot. He also gave pointers to the green and white snakes, and their cultivation improved by leaps and bounds.

Originally, Gu Chensha needed others to give him pointers. However, he concentrated on learning and studied hard. He read countless books. At first, he obtained the cultivation experience of the Emperor of Buzhou from the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong. Then, he obtained Gu Huo's Jindan. From the Jindan, he learned Gu Huo's lifetime of cultivation experience.

Gu Huo's experience was extraordinary. He was someone who was personally taught by the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor. Gu Chensha obtaining his experience was equivalent to obtaining the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor's guidance.

The Black Yellow Dragon Emperor was a sage. He comprehended the Heavenly Dao, manipulated creation, and controlled the Great Might Dynasty. His prestige even surpassed that of the Supreme Sect Master of the Immortal Dao Mystic Sect.

After obtaining Gu Huo's lifetime of cultivation experience, he became friends with Tai Mengdi, the son of the Taiyi Fantasy Sect's sect master. The two of them chatted for several days, exchanging Dao techniques and experiences, and improved further.

It was not until he met the green and white snakes and obtained the Skydemon Book. After reading the general outline of the book, he fused what he had learned and understood the principle of "It's not that Heaven and Earth are heartless and treat all living things as dogs". Instead, it was the principle of "Heaven's Dao is deficient, and the common people can make up for it". By transforming the Clumsy Fist into the Life Heaven Mending Art, it meant that his Dao had truly laid down its foundation. In other words, he had the foundation of a Sage. Being born with the aptitude of a Sage did not necessarily mean that one would become a Sage.

To become a Sage, one must have a true perfect principle that could be carried out from beginning to end. His current cultivation realm naturally far surpassed the green and white snakes. Even if the two snakes were only two transformations away from him. Unfortunately, the space inside the Skydemon Book could not be opened.

Half a month passed in a row. Surprisingly, no one came to disturb Gu Chensha's altar in the mountain. The green and white snakes achieved success in their cultivation under his guidance. They also went down the mountain to investigate in the city. They found that the city was calm and peaceful, and nothing happened.

On this day, Gu Chensha was cultivating. Recently, he had some achievements in comprehending the mystery of the stars. As he breathed, spots of starlight gathered in the depths of the Dragon Gate. In half a month, a small galaxy vortex actually condensed in the depths of the Dragon Gate.

"Young Master, there has been no movement in Wuzhou City recently, but I saw that many teahouses and taverns were talking about a newspaper, so I brought it over for Young Master to see." At this time, the white snake and the green snake came back with a newspaper. Gu Chensha took it and saw the words "National Fortune Newspaper" written on it.

"This Gu Tanjian has recruited scholars from the common people and established a National Fortune Party. It is obvious that he wants to create public opinion. Now, he even has a newspaper. Let me see what is written in the National Fortune Newspaper." Gu Chensha opened the newspaper and read it carefully. Gradually, his face became solemn.

This "National Fortune Newspaper" actually published many martial arts manuals and cultivation methods that could not be obtained by the common people. It also said that a part of it would be published in every issue. Just this point alone would cause many people to fight to buy it.

Today's issue published a small portion of the Five Energies Gathering Energy. This was a technique that led to the Dao Realm, and its breathing was top notch. It was a secret that couldn't be taught to outsiders.

The other pages were about the opinions of some famous Confucians. There were also a few pages that were about stories from the common people. There were also pictures that were really life-like.

This newspaper was really valuable and Gu Chensha read it many times. He noticed that some Confucians and scholars were saying things that were really bad for the Calming Celestial Division. He instantly became wary.

This National Fortune Newspaper used martial arts techniques to attract people. Along with Gu Tanjian's methods and wealth, he promoted it all over the country and after expanding its influence, it would be a huge amount of luck.

If he grasped this mouthpiece and then attacked the Calming Celestial Division, then he would be restricted and wouldn't be able to do anything.

This ancient flicking sword's arrangement could be said to be profound and long-term. Moreover, it was a grand and open plot that was impeccable.

"Amazing, amazing."

Gu Chensha closed the newspaper and let out a long sigh. "The Calming Celestial Division has to quickly snatch the position of public opinion, otherwise, we will be at a disadvantage. Unfortunately, there are many things to do. Even if we have three heads and six arms, we won't be able to handle everything. Where will we have the energy to do these things?"

There were too many things to do in the Calming Celestial Division. Just the Celestial Division's various connections took up a lot of energy and manpower. He had to recruit more talents.

"The green and white snakes seem to be good."

Gu Chensha knew that these two snakes were not to be trifled with. The demon monarchs of the Yangshan Snake Clan were considered geniuses according to human standards. Otherwise, Gu Chensha would not have taken a liking to these two snakes.

"What do you think about this newspaper?" Gu Chensha asked the white snake.