Chapter 497
===========

Qin Han also understood that it would be inappropriate for him to keep so many armors, and he might not be able to control them.

However, if he returned them to the "treacherous concubine" Wu Dangkong's Sun and Moon Bureau, it would be equivalent to giving them to the enemy. It would be better to give them to the Calming Immortal Bureau and strengthen their relationship.

Long Xinyi naturally wouldn't want the Calming Immortal Bureau's Long Xinyi. This was a huge fortune, but he couldn't make the decision.

Moreover, the Calming Immortal Bureau's Chamber of Commerce valued their reputation. If they accepted Qin Han's offerings, it would damage their reputation.

"Everyone, this is our Calming Immortal Bureau's Dragon Sprout Tea. Please have a taste. To the brothers who spoke up today, our Calming Immortal Bureau will give each of you a Human Dragon Pill." Long Xinyi clapped his hands, and immediately, a member of the Chamber of Commerce brought out a tray with Human Dragon Pills. Even one Human Dragon Pill was very precious to cultivators.

Even if an old man who didn't know how to cultivate consumed it, it could transform his body, prolong his life, and restore vitality.

Originally, the better the medicinal effect of the pill, the more tyrannical it was. Without reaching a certain realm, it was impossible to consume it.

However, the Human Dragon Pill didn't have this drawback. Even a newborn baby could consume it. This was the profoundness of the Tree of Wishes.

"The Calming Immortal Bureau is indeed generous. Right now, the supply of Human Dragon Pills in the market can't meet the demand. The price of one is extremely high." These scholars and adventurers were overjoyed. They took the Human Dragon Pills and stored them away, to be used at a critical moment.

"Every ten Human Dragon Pills can raise one's aptitude to Slightly Good.

After that, one hundred can raise one's aptitude to Medium, one thousand can raise one's aptitude to High, and one hundred thousand can raise one's aptitude to Genius. "

An adventurer thought to himself, "I knew that up until now, no one has been able to gather a hundred, let alone a thousand. I heard that the Calming Immortal Bureau's production is also limited and can't mass produce it. Otherwise, there would be no need to worry about the Devil Disaster."

Qin Han held the Human Dragon Pill and sighed, "This Human Dragon Pill is indeed good stuff. Other than improving one's aptitude, it also contains extremely pure Innate Spirit Qi. Not only is it very beneficial for cultivation, it can also extinguish heart demons and expel Devil Qi and demonic nature. After consuming it for a long time, even if one entered the Devil Domain, one wouldn't be demonized.

It could also strengthen the strength of one's flesh and blood. Even if one did not practice martial arts, after taking a hundred pills, one would have the strength of four bulls. If combined with martial arts, one would have the strength of six bulls. Unfortunately, the price was too high. Could the Calming Immortal Department increase production? To all the ambitious people in the world? "

"Doesn't our Tranquil Immortal Department want everyone in the world to be able to consume this pill?"

Long Xinyi said, "But there's only so much of this pill that can be produced. It's impossible to satisfy everyone's needs. We can only wait for the Celestial Tranquility Bureau's Division Heads to reach a higher cultivation level before we can increase the production. There's nothing we can do about it." At this moment, the light suddenly flashed violently. Long Xinyi and the others quickly knelt down on one knee.

This light came from a teleportation portal deep within the Inner Hall. After the light faded, a person appeared within it. It was one of the three Division Heads of the Celestial Calmness Department, the Fourth Prince, Prince Hua, Gu Huasha.

The big shots of the Tranquil Immortal Bureau each had their own division of labor. Gu Chensha was in charge of spying everywhere, going on expeditions and killing expeditions. He had to first capture all the dangers and then eliminate them.

Meanwhile, Lou Baiyue was in charge of the education of the Common People's Wish Academy, overseeing the overall situation.

Gu Huasha was in charge of building connections within the imperial court, contacting the officials of the imperial court, the various great clans, and the feudal officials. This allowed the operations of the Celestial Calmness Department to be more flexible, and the various policies would be able to better permeate through the common people.

Other than that, Jin Suibo was in charge of contacting the Mystic Sect of the Immortal Path, managing various matters within the Immortal Path. He was very influential, and the majority of the tax revenue of the Celestial Calmness Department was generated by him.

Zhuge Ya was in charge of overseeing the Orb of the Common People's Wish, condensing the Origin Qi within the sphere and the Tree of Wishes within it, and he was able to divine all sorts of changes.

These big shots worked closely together, and together, they allowed the Celestial Calmness Department, which had no Deity level experts, to become an existence that was on par with the Mystic Sect of the Immortal Path.

"Sorry for the long wait, everyone." The Fourth, Gu Huasha, had a radiant expression on his face.

Gu Chensha discovered that the Fourth had actually broken through to the next realm, reaching the twenty-third transformation, 'Past Reflection'. It seemed that the Fourth, in the secular world, had participated in the politics of the imperial court, and had comprehended more than him.

It was just that the Fourth's aptitude was still that of an unparalleled genius. He had not stimulated the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's bloodline and become an Innate Saint.

The Fourth's transcendence energy quality was the Vajra Art, and he had not become a True Dragon Art either.

This was something that couldn't be helped. For Gu Chensha to be able to cultivate to his current realm, he had gone through countless fortuitous encounters that could only be chanced upon and not sought for. Only then did he achieve the changes he had today.

However, Gu Chensha believed that sooner or later, the Fourth would also be able to stimulate the bloodline in his body, and advance to the aptitude of an Innate Saint.

"Greetings, Your Highness."

All the scholars also knelt down. Because the newspaper had already spread throughout the world, the portraits of the various big shots of the Celestial Calmness Department were also deeply ingrained in the hearts of the people. Many scholars and adventurers were also well-known figures among the people. Those who could come to this Sin State City to kill demons were definitely not ordinary people.

"Everyone, please rise. I know all about your matters. As the Imperial Concubine Ming of the Upper Study, Wu Dangkong actually did such a perverse thing. It is truly shocking. The Sun and Moon Department was newly established, and there is no imperial edict from His Majesty. It is an illegal organization, and not one of the major departments of the imperial court. It must be eliminated." The Fourth expressed his stance. When these scholars heard this, their faces instantly lit up with joy, and they stood up.

At this time, Qin Han took out a total of three hundred and sixty sets of divine continent's Ominous Armor, and one set of divine continent's Ominous Ten Armor, and offered them to the Fourth.

The Fourth nodded. "These armors are filled with baleful aura. They are the ominous armors refined by the ancient Xing Qiong Clan. If people wear them for a long time, they will be affected by the baleful aura and become vicious. It is indeed not a good thing.

However, this armor is also very valuable. If you sell it to our Celestial Calmness Department, we can dissolve the baleful aura within, and turn violent into peaceful. What do you want? "

"Replying to Your Highness, I need three sets. We have so many people, and all of us have offended the evil concubine. If we split up, I'm afraid we will be defeated one by one and hunted down. Only by uniting can we have a chance of survival," Qin Han hurriedly said.

All the scholars and adventurers present could hear the overtones of these words. After Qin Han exchanged for the Human Dragon Pill, Human Dragon Armor, and Human Dragon Sword, he was going to distribute them to everyone present. Immediately, joy appeared on all of their faces.

'This person cannot be underestimated. He is righteous and generous. He is a character. Fortunately, he is used by our Celestial Calmness Department. Otherwise, if he were an enemy, it would be difficult to suppress him.'

The Fourth thought to himself. He then said, "Alright, I will also give you the Three Star Human Dragon Sword, three hundred sets of Human Dragon Armor, and one hundred thousand Human Dragon Pills. How about it?"

"The Three Star Human Dragon Armor's strength is already not inferior to this vicious armor. With the addition of the Human Dragon Sword, it will surpass it.

If one were to swallow one hundred thousand Human Dragon Pills, it would be able to turn a fool into a genius. It would even be comparable to the Ten Ferocious Armor.

I have profited from this transaction. "Qin Han hurriedly said," The Human Dragon Armor on me is only one star. Your Highness, there is no need to do this. "

"It's fine. All of you are wholeheartedly serving the country. You are here killing demons and fighting on the frontlines. With such loyalty, our Celestial Calmness Department greatly admires you. If all of you don't have a good ending, I'm afraid the imperial court will also be finished."

The Fourth's words were extremely provocative. "How about this? Brother Qin Han, you will be the leader. The Celestial Calmness Department will support you to establish a specialized Human Dragon Association. It will be similar to the National Fate Association, and it will supervise the officials of the imperial court. If there are any corrupt officials or officials who harm the common people, they will be punished by word or pen. At the same time, you will eliminate demons and protect justice in the world. How about it?" "Good!"

Qin Han was overjoyed. He could already tell that the Celestial Calmness Department was supporting him to establish his own organization. Originally, he had wanted to rely on the Celestial Calmness Department, but in the end, he had to submit to others.

But now, the Celestial Calmness Department was actually supporting him to establish a great cause. How could he not be excited?

The matter was settled just like that. After a period of discussion, the Fourth supported Qin Han with many resources and allowed him to use Sin State City as the foundation to summon the heroes of the world to come forth and fight against the demons.

Qin Han was a man of great talent and bold vision. Moreover, he had the fate of being a Buddhist giant behind him. The upper echelons of the Celestial Calmness Department discussed and decided not to bring him into the Celestial Calmness Department. Instead, they would support him to find another furnace. Perhaps there would be an unexpected harvest.

Moreover, the newly established Human Dragon Association was funded by the Celestial Calmness Department. Its concept was to supervise the officials, officials, and noble families of the world. Although it had no law enforcement power, it could punish by word or pen. This was equivalent to public opinion supervision.

This newly established Human Dragon Association and the "treacherous concubine" Wu Dangkong were mortal enemies. This was extremely beneficial to the Celestial Calmness Department. Moreover, if Qin Han was to develop independently, perhaps it could draw out the Buddhist giant behind him.

If it was in the Celestial Calmness Department, it would probably be infiltrated by the Buddhist giants. It would be very difficult to maintain the purity of the Celestial Calmness Department.

The entire Sin State had already become the frontline against the demons. In Sin State City, the heroes of the world were summoned to come forth and fight against the demons. Using equipment such as the Human Dragon Pill and Human Dragon Armor as a lure, they would definitely be able to rally the masses. After discussing for a full three days and three nights, the Fourth finally left. Meanwhile, the new Human Dragon Association was established.

Gu Chensha actually became the vice president of this newly established Human Dragon Association, second only to Qin Han. Moreover, he was relied on by Qin Han to become his right-hand man. Of course, he was using the identity of "Fang Lin." The Human Dragon Association's stronghold was in that teahouse.

After a headcount, there were a total of 243 adventurers and scholars in this Human Dragon Association. Now, each of them had a Human Dragon Sword and Human Dragon Armor.

Of course, this newly established alliance was still very weak. The only thing they could rely on was the Buddha statue of President Qin Han.

After getting all the members to cultivate in the teahouse and be on standby, Qin Han pulled Gu Chensha into a small room on the third floor of the teahouse.

After sitting down, Gu Chensha looked at Qin Han and said, "President, you want to talk to me in secret about the future development of the Human Dragon Association, right?" "To be honest, I'm also feeling perturbed right now."

Qin Han sighed. "The Celestial Calmness Department supported us in establishing the Human Dragon Association. As the president, I also know that the current situation is very bad. We have offended that treacherous concubine, and I'm afraid it will be difficult for us to develop in the future. Although the Celestial Calmness Department is protecting us, there are always loopholes. Brother Fang Lin, I know that your intelligence is outstanding and much higher than those scholars and adventurers. I hope that you can lend me a hand. We can discuss a strategy to develop the Human Dragon Association and make great achievements."