Chapter 1057
============

Teddy Lin Yu

After decades of operation by Gu Chensha, the Arcane Kingdom had become one of the most powerful universes in the multiverse. Although it wasn't as good as the New World, it had formed its own unique style. What was more, the rules of the universe were a combination of the New World and the Old World, and it had been recognized by the New World and the Old World at the same time.

It could be seen that the Son of Destiny, the Son of the World, and the Son of Heaven were likely to comprehend the ninth level of immortality in the Arcane Kingdom.

And if he could devour the Son of Destiny, it was very likely that he could comprehend the realm of immortality. So, Meholi targeted Teddy Lin Yu.

Teddy Lin Yu's current cultivation was actually extremely profound, but he was still willing to be a slave. In fact, he wanted to carry out a revolution. He wanted to lead the world's most humble and lowest slaves to rebel, so as to set off the rule of the Arcanists and change the world.

What he wanted to do was still the same as before, to trample the Arcanists under his feet and treat them like pigs, dogs, cows, and sheep.

However, in the beginning, his family chose the aristocratic class. In fact, in the entire Arcane Kingdom, the largest class and the largest number of people were slaves. Then there were the civilians. The poor included farmers, businessmen, students, workers, and so on. Then there were the aristocrats. Finally, there were the Arcanists. The number of people in the Arcane Kingdom was like a pyramid. The number of Arcanists was the smallest, and the population of slaves was the largest.

Some of these slaves were aristocrats and civilians in the country who had committed crimes, were degraded and became slaves, but more of them were hostile humans from many other universes.

The Arcane Kingdom had gradually ruled the giant universe over the years, and it was still expanding, invading other universes and capturing a vast number of creatures.

Most of these hostile humans were strong. Although all their powers were abolished by arcane magic and they became ordinary people, their experience and realms were still there.

These experiences and realms, as long as they were given a source of power, they could restore their strength.

Moreover, these people hated the Arcane Kingdom very much and longed for a chance to turn things around. It was easy to have a kind of cohesion and hatred as a guide. In fact, Teddy Lin Yu had also made some lessons for his family's failure in rebellion.

The nobles lived like princes, and no one had any thoughts of rebelling. Instead, they were afraid of the wolves in front of them and the tigers behind them. There were even some who wanted to protect their own wealth and wealth. They were like a plate of loose sand, which led to the failure of the rebellion.

On the other hand, slaves were different. They had nothing to begin with, and there was no hope in their lives. They suffered day and night and struggled on the line between life and death. Every single one of them had the courage to fight to the death.

Moreover, the entire slave class had a large population. As long as he could give them power, they could immediately arm themselves and start an uprising.

In fact, throughout the Arcane Kingdom, among the huge slave class, revolts had never been interrupted.

Every moment, there were slaves revolting. Unfortunately, the difference in power between them and the arcana class was too great, so they had to die and fail.

However, Lin Yu had grasped some power. He had even comprehended a supreme technique that allowed him to quickly create things from the void. It seemed that he had received some kind of support from the Arcane Network.

So, as long as there was a chance, it was possible for him to quickly give power to countless slaves and arm them. Now he had to improve his own strength and wait for the opportunity.

He felt that this huge Arcane Kingdom wouldn't be smooth sailing. There would definitely be a huge catastrophe. At that time, it would be the best starting point for his opportunity.

"My current strength is about the Heavenly Master Realm. Of course, I can call the wind and summon the rain in the Arcane Kingdom and become an overlord. But if the Arcane Council finds out, they can directly suppress me. Not to mention the super giant behind the Arcane Council, Gu Chensha, the Lord of the New World. If I'm not wrong, this super giant is in the Immortal Realm. That's the realm I'm pursuing now. If I reach that realm, I can completely take revenge, rule the entire Arcane Kingdom, and shape the world according to my ideas." Teddy Lin Yu gained a lot of knowledge from the Arcane Network.

In the Heavenly Master Realm, the arcana level had already reached thousands. An arcanist of this level was also a big shot in the Arcane Guild.

The previous realms corresponded to the current arcana level. The realms below the Heavenly Master Realm were hundreds of arcana levels. As long as one became a Heavenly Master, it would break through thousands.

The previous realms were the 36 Changes of Dao Realm, then the Heavenly Master Realm, then the Heavenly Master Realm, then the Heavenly Master Realm.

Beyond the 36 Changes of Dao Realm, the Heavenly Master Realm, it was extremely difficult in the previous cultivation system. Similarly, in the Arcane Kingdom, for a large number of arcanists, it was the same to break through thousands of arcana levels.

Of course, now Teddy Lin Yu's strength had reached the Heavenly Master Realm. But for the huge Arcane Kingdom, it wasn't worth mentioning. But now he felt that his strength was growing all the time, all kinds of bottlenecks simply didn't exist for him. He believed that he would soon be able to cultivate to the Heavenly Master Realm.

However, even if he cultivated to the Heavenly Master Realm, in fact, it would be in vain. In the Senate, there were many masters in the Heavenly Master Realm. So, he had to cultivate to the Immortal Realm.

"Once upon a time, there was an invincible Lord Devourer called Fa Wuxian. He devoured countless universes and finally cultivated to the Immortal Realm. But under the siege of countless universes, he finally fell and became a precious gourd.

It became a precious gourd, and according to the legend, the precious gourd fell into our Arcane Kingdom. Whoever can find the precious gourd will be able to reach the Immortal Realm. It seems that my only chance is to find the gourd of the Immortal Realm. "Teddy Lin Yu thought. At this time, the slaves had finished their day's work and entered the prison to live.

The prison was cold and damp, it was very uncomfortable, but this was the island of the slaves. Teddy Lin Yu had cultivated to the current realm, he actually didn't care.

The floor was full of slaves, all of them were snoring, they were tired all day, the slaves had no entertainment at all, they just slept.

At this time, suddenly the whole prison became incomparably quiet, the space was completely stripped away.

Teddy Lin Yu stood up, he knew that something bad had happened, there was a master who had stripped away the space here, it was the arcane division of the world.

"Who is it?" Teddy Lin Yu asked.

"It's me."

Meholi appeared in front of Teddy Lin Yu, his gloomy face and distorted eyes looked very much like Fa Wuxian.

"Arcanist, the existence of the Way of Heaven." Teddy Lin Yu was surprised.

"Don't worry, I won't kill you."

Although Meholi wanted to devour Teddy Lin Yu now, he knew that it wasn't the right time. Although Teddy Lin Yu was now the Son of Heaven, he wasn't mature yet, if he rashly devoured him, he wouldn't gain much, the Way of Heaven would give birth to another one.

Only by waiting for the Son of the Heavenly Dao to fully mature, when the Heavenly Dao had invested so much in him that it couldn't be abandoned, would Meholi be able to completely suppress the mark of Fa Wuxian in his body, allowing himself to reach the most powerful realm.

"Who are you? There's no one like you in the Senate," Teddy Lin Yu said.

"You don't need to know who I am."

Meholi said, "You just need to know that I'm here to help you, I can help you quickly advance to the Way of Heaven and launch a war of revenge. I don't like the Arcane Council, the Senate, or even the new World Lord Gu Chensha behind the scenes of the Arcane Kingdom.

In fact, although the Arcane Kingdom is powerful, it's actually someone else's little brother, it's the vassal of the new world. The instinct of our Arcane Kingdom is suppressed by Gu Chensha, and we're gradually transforming and refining it. The origin of our Arcane World is independent, we can't tolerate such behavior, so we have to unite and fight for the origin of the world. " "Oh? You actually have the same idea? "

Teddy Lin Yu was puzzled. In fact, every time he cultivated, he had the same idea in his heart. It was actually a hint of the entire Arcane Network.

"Yes, I have the same idea. This is the call of the Arcane Network to us, it wants us to resist and protect the origin of the world, the independence and freedom of the world."

In fact, Meholi didn't have that idea at all, but with his realm, he had already seen the essence of some things. He could completely guess the feeling of Teddy Lin Yu, the Son of Heaven. With that sentence, he could immediately resonate with Teddy Lin Yu.

"The Way of Heaven chose me, and it also chose you. We're all chosen by the origin of the world, so we have to join forces." Meholi said again, "Now I'll help you cross multiple realms and directly reach the Way of Heaven."

As he spoke, Meholi suddenly rotated, and suddenly in his body, a gourd-like power poured into Teddy Lin Yu's body.

Immediately, Teddy Lin Yu's realm rose steadily, and it actually reached the Way of Heaven before it stopped.

"Your strength has actually reached such a realm."

Teddy Lin Yu felt that something was wrong, but he couldn't figure out what was wrong. "With your strength, you can actually elevate people to the Realm of Heaven Path at will. Even the first Arcane Elder of the Arcane Kingdom, Joseph, is far from being your opponent."