Chapter 417
===========

After entering the Mystic Cosmos Gate's cave.

It was a small universe with floating palaces everywhere. The palaces were connected to each other by rainbow bridges. In addition, there were white clouds floating around. The white clouds were like cotton balls. When people stepped on them, they wouldn't fall. Instead, they were soft. Moreover, these white clouds seemed to be alive. They were twisting and making child-like cries.

"Ancient cloud beast spirits."

Gu Chensha took a look and knew that these ancient cloud beasts were very rare. They were already extinct. These cloud beasts were born as huge clouds that floated in the air. If a cultivator caught one, the cultivator could live in the cloud and treat it as their cave abode.

Moreover, the cloud beast spirits were very strong. The clouds had very strong defensive abilities and could release wind, lightning, and thunder magic.

It was unknown where the Mystic Cosmos Gate got so many cloud beast spirits. Moreover, each of them was very strong.

Other than that, Gu Chensha looked around. He could not see the end of the Mystic Cosmos Gate's cave abode. Gu Chensha could see the end of the space inside the Life's Wish sphere.

However, he could not see the end of the Mystic Cosmos Gate's cave abode. This showed that this space was stronger than the Life's Wish sphere.

Of course, the Life's Wish sphere required one's cultivation to reach the God level. Only then would one be able to create their own cave abode. If he could not use the power of space and time, he would not be able to fully unleash the power of the cave abode.

"This Mystic Cosmos Gate's cave abode is rumored to have been created by Chang Yuzhou after he obtained a Connate numinous treasure. With the Universe Lightning Pool as the foundation, he used his magic power to condense it for thousands of years. Other than that, after his daughter Chang Weiyang took over, she used her peerless mystique to reach the Connate level and expand the cave abode."

Gu Chensha pondered, "Our Celestial Calmness Department does not have a peerless expert. That Chang Yuzhou left the Mystic Heaven Earth Sect alone and established the Mystic Cosmos Gate. His cultivation is at the peak of the Sage level and he obtained many treasures and fortuitous encounters.

If our Celestial Calmness Department's Zhuge Ya becomes a Sage, he will be able to open up all the secrets. Wouldn't his strength increase by a thousand times? " The Celestial Calmness Department's weakness was its lack of peerless experts.

Zhuge Ya's cultivation base was only at the 22 Transformations, which was far from the true Sage realm.

As for Gu Chensha, he was still stuck at the Nineteen Transformations "Size Manipulation" realm. He was unable to cultivate the Twenty Transformations "Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence". If he wanted to cultivate the "True Dragon Technique" quality, he would have broken through a long time ago. Unfortunately, if he wanted to take another step forward and cultivate the "Heavenly Path Technique" quality, it would be very difficult. After all, this kind of breakthrough was unprecedented. However, he felt that no matter how much he saved up at this juncture, it was worth it.

This young man and woman brought Gu Chensha along as they flew through the Mystic Gate Grotto-Heaven. They passed by one huge palace after another and headed towards the deepest part of the Grotto-Heaven, where there was a huge cube.

That cube looked like a crystal. It was squarish and floated in the air, emitting a bright light that illuminated the entire winter. Also, it transmitted a huge amount of spiritual energy that filled the surroundings. This spiritual energy was different from the spiritual energy absorbed directly from the Spiritual World. It was very pure and had an innate characteristic. Moreover, it was extremely dense. Gu Chensha absorbed a bit and felt that this spiritual energy was most suitable for building one's foundation, eliminating heart demons, consolidating the soul, and strengthening one's essence qi. Moreover, there were no impurities at all.

When ordinary Dao Realm cultivators ate qi and abstained from eating, the spiritual energy absorbed from the Spiritual World had to be nurtured in the dantian, brewed, and refined before it could be fused into the flesh and blood. This was because it might contain a demonic nature.

However, the spiritual energy here contained the true essence of connate. There was absolutely no demonic nature and it was terrifyingly pure.

"This cube is the main body of the Cosmic Lightning Pool. It is indeed a supreme treasure, a treasure born from connate chaos." Gu Chensha nodded his head.

Legend had it that the Cosmic Lightning Pool wasn't born from the Primordial Chaos Tree. Instead, it was a treasure that automatically formed in the depths of the great chaos before the Big Bang formed all things in the starry sky. And the Primordial Dragon Sect was this kind of treasure.

Chang Weiyang was comprehending the profundities of the Cosmic Lightning Pool, suppressing the entire grotto-heaven and regulating the fluctuations within it. Swish, swish, swish!

Just as the three of them were flying, a few beams of light suddenly stopped in front of them. After dispersing their bodies, they could see that they were disciples of the Cosmos Mystic Gate.

When they saw these people, the man and woman with Gu Chensha trembled. "Greetings, Elder Dong Zhen, Elder Dong Xu, Elder Dong Yuan, Elder Dong Xin, and Elder Dong Liu." These people were actually elders of the Cosmos Mystic Gate.

Gu Chensha looked at the five of them. Their Dharmic powers were extremely profound and they seemed to have cultivated some kind of array formation. The waves of Dharmic powers resonated with one another and could resonate with one another, releasing a huge amount of power.

"Greetings, five elders." Gu Chensha also bowed.

"Calm Immortal Bureau's Gu Chensha, Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian's 19th son. You are truly a dragon among men.

The five of us already know that you killed the Scarlet Firmament Mystic Sect's Wang Ji and Xiao Yan in the Devil Domain.

You also defeated the Profound Heaven Earth Sect's Jing Fanxing and the Great Prestige Dynasty's Gu Huo. Even someone with the talent of an Innate Sage wouldn't be able to do this.

From this, it can be seen that the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's bloodline is truly incomparably mysterious. The five of us would like to have a spar with you. How about it? "The leader of the group, Elder Dong Zhen, directly spoke.

This Elder Dong Zhen was also a young man. The magic energy on his body surged like the waves of the ocean.

When Gu Chensha heard this, he couldn't help but laugh. "Being able to spar with an elder of the Cosmos Mystic Gate would be greatly beneficial to my cultivation. Since that's the case, I'll have to offend you all." His body moved and he suddenly struck out with five palms. These five palms were aimed at five people.

At the instant he struck out with his palms, his core qi formed countless runes. These runes vibrated and clashed against each other, erupting with light and darkness. Between light and darkness, they interweaved, permeated, and transformed into a primordial existence. Following which, the primordial chaos exploded, transforming into all living things.

Between the five palms, each palm contained the true meaning of the endless creation and destruction of the universe.

Gu Chensha could now use his martial arts as he pleased. After coming out of the negotiation with the Xing Qiong Family, he met the Grand Tutor Wen Hong and was taught many things by him. These were all combined and brewed into his own martial art, the Common People Mending Heaven Technique.

Now, each palm of his contained the power of a hundred cores. If it was a normal Golden Core cultivator, it would be equivalent to tens of thousands of Golden Core cultivators attacking at the same time, forming a flood. This was also an ordinary palm of his.

If he went all out, it would be indescribably terrifying. Even the incarnation of Desolate Ape would be defeated in one strike.

"Not good!"

The five elders, Dong Zhen, Dong Xu, Dong Yuan, Dong Xin, and Dong Liu, didn't even see how Gu Chensha attacked before they felt a vast force pressing down on them like thousands of mountains. It was as if the milky way in the sky had been cut off and turned into a waterfall that washed down.

"Five Hole Thunder Technique, connect!"

The five elders activated their martial arts. The five of them actually turned into a pitch-black black hole that gathered together. The five holes spun and thunder boomed within, wanting to block all of Gu Chensha's attacks. Unfortunately, at this time, Gu Chensha's other hand moved and he punched again.

This fist covered the sky and covered all directions, piercing through the sky. The fist intent attacked the green sky and the yellow springs. The changes of the fist dao were unimaginable.

The five of them seemed to see an unparalleled monster trampling all the gods, saints, and demons under his feet. This was the true meaning of the Xing Qiong Family's martial arts. Bang bang bang bang bang! Everything was destroyed between the fists. All life was destroyed.

The black holes were completely destroyed, and the five Grand Elders were sent flying. They formed their bodies again, and their expressions were extremely unsightly. They knew that Gu Chensha had held back this time. If he hadn't, the five of them would have been killed.

At this time, in the depths of the Mystic Cosmos Grotto-Heaven, many spiritual wills rose up and scanned the area, watching the battle. They were all experts of the Mystic Cosmos Grotto-Heaven.

"Gu Chensha, your methods are indeed impressive. You have already reached your level. Hollowed Truth, Hollowed Emptiness, Hollowed Fate, Hollowed Trust, and Hollowed Flow. The five of you are about to test it out. "At this moment, a woman's voice drifted over. Following which, Gu Chensha was sucked into the Cosmos Lightning Pool cube. Immediately after, he saw a woman.

This woman was wearing a cloud-colored dress and looked extremely ordinary. There was nothing special about her. However, the more he looked at her, the more he felt that she had the deepest wisdom of the universe. This was especially so for her eyes. They contained all the wisdom and extraordinariness in the world, as well as the will of transcendence.

In her hands, she was playing with a small wooden sword. This wooden sword seemed like it was carved by a child. It was extremely childish and laughable. However, in Gu Chensha's senses, this sword could slice apart the waterfall of life and death at any moment. Clearly, this was the Sect Leader of the Mystic Cosmos Grotto-Heaven, Chang Weiyang. This was an anomaly. She wasn't bound by latent talent. In some ways, she was even more terrifying than the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya.

If she weren't terrifying, she would have long since been exterminated by the Black Heaven Earth Sect.

"Greetings, Sect Leader," said Gu Chensha, clasping his hands in greeting.

"As expected, Gu Taxian's son is extraordinary.

I can't believe you want to cultivate a Heavenly Dao magic that has never been accomplished since time immemorial. It seems you have a very good chance of succeeding. "Chang Weiyang seemed very polite." Why have you come looking for me? Don't tell me you want us to pay taxes to the Celestial Calmness Department? " "The Celestial Calmness Department isn't that strong yet," said Gu Chensha.

"So you're saying that if you were strong enough, you'd make a move against us?" asked Chang Weiyang with an enigmatic smile.

"This is a national policy. For the sake of the Divine Prefecture and the people of the world, we have no choice." Gu Chensha wasn't the least bit afraid of Chang Weiyang's dignity.