Chapter 1051
============

The Good and the Bad

"Mister None, I too want to reach the Undying Realm. I'm not interested in the war between the old and new worlds. More importantly, I can help you eliminate Gu Chensha."

Long Xiang Tian knew that Mister None didn't trust him, especially after he joined forces with Zhang Ziran and the others to kill Fa Wuxian. However, he explained, "Mister None, the reason we killed Fa Wuxian is simple. It was to protect ourselves. If Fa Wuxian reaches the Undying Realm, forget about us, even you will be afraid of being devoured."

"Fa Wuxian is merely a chess piece of mine. He is crazy and hysterical. However, it is precisely because of this that I am able to use him. Unfortunately, it was ruined by all of you. Now, it has caused our plan to fail at the last moment. All of you will have to bear the responsibility for this."

Mister Wu Wu was actually very annoyed. Fa Wuxian and Gu Chensha were complete enemies. If Fa Wuxian was allowed to grow, he would become the greatest threat to Gu Chensha. Plus, Mister None had a way to control Fa Wuxian. If Fa Wuxian reached the Undying Realm, he would immediately fight Gu Chensha to the death.

At that time, if Fa Wuxian gave up on himself and died together with Gu Chensha, it would cause severe damage to Gu Chensha. That way, Mister None and the others would be able to kill Gu Chensha. Unfortunately, all of this was ruined by Long Xiangtian and the others. But Mister None wouldn't say it out loud.

Plus, Mister None wanted Fa Wuxian to devour The Fourth, Gu Huasha, Long Xiang Tian, and Zhang Ziran to reach the Undying Realm.

"Well, that's it."

When Mr. Wu Wu saw that Long Xiangtian was about to say something, he immediately waved his hand, "The top priority is to listen to my arrangements, lurk in the Arcane Kingdom, set up the entire Arcane Kingdom into a huge network, and trap Gu Chensha in it. The person who obtained the Fawu Xian Gourd will fall into your hands sooner or later, don't destroy my plan." "Mister None, what's your plan?" Long Xiang Tian asked.

"My plan is to turn the Arcane Kingdom into a huge trap and bury Gu Chensha. Of course, I can feel that Gu Chensha has also entered the Arcane Kingdom. He has the same idea as me, he wants to set up a trap and bury the Arcane Kingdom. Let's see who has the best means. Of course, I have the biggest advantage, do you know what it is?" Mister None looked at Long Xiang Tian.

"I know."

Long Xiang Tian had already thought of that, "That is, the arcanists of the Arcane Kingdom are all people who have mastered the Dragonless Mind Sutra. Although they won't obey Gu Chensha, they're still talented. Gu Chensha actually wants to change the minds of these people and then let them enter the new world. Gu Chensha won't destroy them, and Mister None, you have no scruples, you can destroy them at will. In this way, Gu Chensha will be restrained in the Arcane Kingdom, he won't be able to exert his power, and you'll have the upper hand.

And to a certain extent, the gourd that Fa Wuxian has transformed into is also in the Undying Realm, it will help you. Because it also contains the mark of Fa Wuxian. Fa Wuxian's hatred for Gu Chensha is indelible. Even if there's a chance to perish together, the gourd will really be destroyed. " "Long Xiang Tian, you said it well."

Mister None took a deep look at Long Xiang Tian, "Don't worry, as long as you destroy the new world as your foundation, you're my friend, we're not enemies. In the future, when I'm fully awakened, more Origins will be born, and the Origins will fall on you. I'll even deprive Gu Chensha of his destiny for you, so that you can advance to the Undying Realm and become Mister None Dragon. What do you think?" "Thank you, Mister None, for your reward."

Long Xiang Tian certainly didn't believe it, but he had to show it, he pretended to believe it, "But, Mister None, you're the existence that was born from that terrible Origin, it also gave birth to Mister Wu Xin, Mister Wu Wei, Mister Wu Xiang. Will more similar existences be born in the future? Will they all be in the Undying Realm? How many can be born at most? "

"That's hard to say. Maybe one will be born, maybe many will be born. Maybe some of the Origins will fall into the hands of someone, allowing that person to become a Undying Realm expert. There are too many changes in the future, I can't predict it."

Mister None said, "Especially after the new world is born. You see, the new world is constantly spitting out cosmos, in the sea of cosmos in the human world, there will be many embryonic cosmos being born at every moment. These cosmos will grow stronger by themselves, giving birth to civilizations and Heavenly Dao experts. When the number of Heavenly Dao experts reaches a certain level, they will devour each other, fuse with each other, and finally, a Undying Realm expert will be born." "So, there will be more people in the Undying Realm in the future?" Long Xiang Tian asked.

"That's natural. Did you see that before the establishment of the new world, there were very few masters of the Heavenly Dao Realm. But now, after the battle with Fa Wuxian, there are more and more masters of the Heavenly Dao Realm. In the process of fighting with Fa Wuxian, thousands of masters of the Heavenly Dao Realm were born at an accelerated pace. But now, these masters of the Heavenly Dao Realm have come to the giant universe for the Immortal Fa Wuxian's Immortal Gourd. Some of them even lurked and entered the Arcane Kingdom.

Mister None said, "Of course, these Heavenly Dao experts who entered the Arcane Kingdom have to behave with their tails between their legs. Because the network of the Arcane Kingdom is very large, except for the Undying Realm experts, almost all the Heavenly Dao experts are suppressed. You're now in the Heavenly Dao Realm, if you don't have my help, is it difficult for you to exert your power?"

"Yes, the network of the Arcane Kingdom is increasing all the time. Every day, there are countless arcanists contributing, it makes me feel like I'm facing a new world," Long Xiang Tian nodded.

"Well, you'll become an arcanist now, find your own identity, grow gradually, and then go to the Arcane Kingdom to take control of the power. With your cultivation, you'll soon reach the highest realm. When the time comes, I'll teach you how to do it, "Mister None instructed.

"Yes!" Long Xiang Tian nodded quickly, he didn't dare to disobey. Mister None disappeared in a swoosh, nobody knew what he was doing.

At that time, in some remote places of the Arcane Kingdom, there were huge farms everywhere. There were civilians, slaves, knights and adventurers in the farms.

The territory of the Arcane Kingdom was extremely large, it was almost the same as the Land of Infinity. In many remote places, there were no arcanists, but the power of the Arcane Network had completely covered that area. In those remote places, the ruling class was the nobles, not the arcanists. Swoosh swoosh swoosh …

In a remote mountain forest, a few people landed, they were very embarrassed, their bodies fell to the ground, they almost lost all their strength.

"We're masters of the Progenitor Realm, I didn't expect it to be so difficult to enter the Arcane Kingdom, I feel that all my strength is suppressed, I can't break out at all.

And we have to be careful to hide, otherwise, the network of the Arcane Kingdom will cause devastating damage to us. "A man stood up and patted the dust off his body.

"Old Meng, how do you feel?" At that time, a woman asked another man.

"I also feel that my strength is suppressed, and I think that even if I'm promoted to the Realm of Heaven Path, I'll be suppressed very badly, it won't be much better than us. I didn't expect the Arcane Kingdom to be so tyrannical. No wonder, legend has it that the gourd transformed by Fa Wuxian will lurk in the Arcane Kingdom. We should suffer a little now, as long as we get that gourd, we can reach the Realm of Immortality," the man named Old Meng said.

"I've inquired about everything about the Arcane Kingdom, it's dominated by arcanists. If we can become arcanists, we can become the higher-ups of the Arcane Kingdom, so it'll be much more convenient to do things," a man said.

"Arcanists are actually people who have awakened the power of the soul. These people have mastered the Dragonless Cultivation Method.

It's a pity that I reached the Progenitor Realm by relying on the Way of Plunder of the Old World, not the power of the soul of the New World. "

The woman suddenly said, "By the way, Old Meng, you've mastered the Dragonless Cultivation Method, why don't you switch to Arcane Arts now, so we can become your subordinates and look for the Immortality Gourd together." "Hahaha …" Old Meng suddenly laughed, his laughter was very ferocious.

"Old Meng, what do you want to do?" Several of his companions felt that something was wrong.

"There's only one Immortality Gourd, how should we divide it?"

Old Meng looked at his companions fiercely, "You're all masters of the Progenitor Realm, there's no use here, it's better for me to kill you and sacrifice you to the Arcane Network here, I'll transform into an arcanist and get the power of your sacrifice, the Arcane Network will completely recognize me, at the same time, my arcane power will also reach a very high level, I can immediately call the wind and summon the rain in this Arcane Kingdom, find that gourd, once I get that gourd, I'll be in the Immortality Realm." "Old Meng, you! You're simply a devil. "

Several of his companions were shocked, they wanted to escape, some wanted to activate their spells, but unfortunately, they had lost all their power, now they were almost the same as ordinary people, the power in their bodies was suppressed very badly. And Old Meng who had mastered the Dragonless Cultivation Method was actually an arcanist in essence.

"Arcane Arts, sacrifice."