Chapter 195
===========

"Refinement of Sun and Moon, Might of Heaven and Earth, Cleanse the Source." Gu Chensha formed seals with both hands. His blood appeared on the altar as he drew runes.

He was using his own essence blood and soul to sacrifice to the Heavenly Dao, to make people turn over a new leaf. This was the spirit of abandonment. This sacrifice summoned the Sun and Moon Dragon Fire and an extremely resplendent light.

This sacrifice was called the Heart Cleansing Sacrifice. The ancient Heavenly Sons often used this to subdue evil people.

Zi zi zi, zi zi zi … The light and dragon fire wrapped around the crystal ball. Inside, Luluha's expression was one of extreme pain. Black smoke came out; it was an evil thought. Gu Chensha continued to sacrifice, his face slightly pale.

More black smoke came out of Luluha's body. In the end, this person's expression turned peaceful, and he was not as ferocious as before.

"Get out!" Gu Chensha flung the crystal ball out of the altar space. He and Lou Baiyue went out as well. Kacha! The crystal ball cracked.

Two Luluha came out and knelt on the ground, crying. "I was wrong, I was wrong, I have sinned greatly …"

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue looked at each other. "It's good that you know you have sinned greatly. In the future, you can make up for your mistakes by sacrificing yourself for the sake of the world. Maybe you can make up for your mistakes. Your name is Yi Zheng now. Do you understand? " The two of them were not afraid. This Luluha had not been changed by the sacrifice.

Because now that the two of them worked together, they could even fight against a Golden Dan Great Path expert. Killing this Luluha was not a difficult matter.

However, Luluha was extremely strong and held great power. He was just a step away from becoming a Golden Dan Great Path. If he turned over a new leaf, the gains would be greater than dying.

"Who do you think is stronger between Yuan Shasheng and him?"

Gu Chensha asked. "I feel that in the few times we fought, Yuan Shasheng was only half-hearted and did not use his true mystiques."

"I can't see through Yuan Shasheng either, but it's mainly because you stole the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, causing Yu Xiucheng's plan to fail on the verge of success. Otherwise, I'm afraid he wouldn't be any less terrifying than Xiao Yan."

Lou Baiyue suddenly shouted, "Luluha, go back now. Can you bring back the treasures from the Temple of Hell Serpent?" "Yes."

Luluha kowtowed again and again, still crying bitterly: "But I have to go back as soon as possible, anything unexpected might happen if I delay." "Since that's the case, you should quickly return!

Try your best to bring back the treasures of the Hell Serpent Temple. Kill the experts there and collect their souls and blood essence. You've cultivated a lot of demonic arts, I don't think I need to teach you this. "Gu Chensha said," Go! Oh right, leave this Li Yaoyang body of yours here to avoid any mishaps! " "Yes, yes, yes …" Luluha flew up.

"As the Pope, he holds great power. He should be able to go back and make some money."

Lou Baiyue said, "The thousand years of accumulation of the Temple of Hell Serpent is no small matter. In the past, the God of Hell Serpent could still descend with divine might, but now that it's been sealed by His Majesty, there's no way to find out that Luluha has turned over a new leaf. He can take advantage of this vacuum to obtain wealth."

"Let's see if he can give us a pleasant surprise." Gu Chensha was somewhat expectant. "Come, help me recover from the sacrifice I just made." The two of them sat down to cultivate again.

After a full day and night, they finally stood up. Gu Chensha once again recovered with Lou Baiyue's help.

He discovered that no matter how heavy his injuries were, as long as he and Lou Baiyue intertwined their Stellar Energy, he could make up for the losses.

The Son of Heaven's Investiture Art and the Great Massacre God Technique had even more mysteries that had yet to be discovered.

After completely recovering, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue stood in front of the Black Tortoise egg and carefully observed it. Lou Baiyue stroked it for a long time. "I don't know what this Black Tortoise egg is lacking. It hasn't hatched yet."

"It's accumulating energy. When the Black Tortoise hatches, the amount of energy it needs is beyond our imagination," Gu Chensha said. "But my Sun and Moon Dragon Blood and Sun and Moon Dragon's Handle can help it."

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue had a plan for their cultivation. First, they consolidated the experience they learned in the past few days. At the same time, they circulated their Innate Stellar Energy to the limit. Then, they took care of Luluha. Finally, they set their sights on the Black Tortoise egg.

Placing both hands on the Black Tortoise egg, Gu Chensha inserted the Sun and Moon Dragon's Handle into it.

The Sun and Moon Dragon's Handle was even more mysterious than his Sun and Moon Dragon Blood. This was because the Innate Stellar Energy was formed from the dragon blood in his body.

Moreover, Gu Chensha's Sun and Moon Dragon's Handle was dozens of times stronger than the dragon blood in the past. The moment he injected it into the egg, the sounds of earth, water, fire, and wind spread out. The Sun and Moon Dragon's Handle could recreate heaven and earth.

Gu Chensha's cultivation had reached the peak of Dao Realm Seven Transformation, Leaving the Ground and Soaring Sky. He could use the Dragon's Handle to be both tough and soft. He could do anything he wanted. His comprehension of Sun and Moon Refinement, Sun and Moon Change, Sun and Moon Kill, and Sun and Moon Dragon was much higher than before.

Sun and Moon Refinement's transformations weren't as simple as what Gu Chensha had shown in the past. In the past, it was blood refinement that allowed living beings to evolve. After cultivating the Innate Stellar Energy, it was Energy Refinement. If one cultivated it to the extreme, it would be like how the sun and moon formed mountains and rivers.

Originally, the Xuanwu Baby was sleeping and absorbing celestial energy and earth veins to nourish its body. This required a long time to rest.

But Gu Chensha's Sun and Moon Dragon's Handle charged into its body and activated its ancient beast bloodline.

The Xuanwu was one of the four images and was born like a Saint. Its talent wasn't something that humans could compare to.

"How comfortable …" The Xuanwu Baby's thoughts spread out.

Gu Chensha saw that the Xuanwu Baby was being activated by the Sun and Moon Dragon's Handle and it started to refine the bloodline left in its body. It was like a huge potential was disintegrating.

There seemed to be an ice mountain in the Xuanwu Baby's body and Gu Chensha was the sunlight that started to melt the ice mountain.

That potential was like an ice mountain and if it wanted to melt on its own, the Xuanwu Baby would need hundreds of years. The Sun and Moon Dragon's Handle charged in and helped it recover its potential.

Lou Baiyue saw that Gu Chensha had used up a lot of energy, so she headed forwards and injected Innate Stellar Energy into his body. Honglong! Their stellar energy merged and new changes appeared. It was endless and endless. In the depths of the Xuanwu Egg, there seemed to be a space-time opening.

Gu Chensha wasn't surprised. Through his mental observation, he had already discovered that there was a space-time maze in the depths of the Xuanwu Egg. It was definitely not the size of an egg and there were many secrets hidden inside. But because of the passage of time, there was no energy in the maze. Now that Gu Chensha injected the most mysterious Emperor's Godly Ascension Dragon's Handle, it was the best nourishment. Honglong!

Something inside the Xuanwu Egg was activated and its ability to absorb and release celestial energy increased several times.

Gu Chensha used his mental energy to feel that many space-time inside the Xuanwu Egg were activated. It breathed in and out fiercely and celestial energy filled the air like a waterfall. In an instant, the entire room was filled with celestial energy. The celestial energy even started to crystallize and solidify.

In the past, Gu Chensha couldn't absorb celestial energy, but now it was different. He breathed slightly and large amounts of celestial energy rushed into his body and entered the dragon gate. After a few revolutions, it turned into Sun and Moon Dragon's Handle.

Celestial energy was a level higher than spirit energy. As long as he could absorb and refine it, it would be very beneficial to his cultivation. As his dragon's handle absorbed the celestial energy, it circulated throughout his body. Coupled with Lou Baiyue's stellar energy, he activated the space-time inside the Xuanwu Egg. Another three days and three nights passed.

Gu Chensha didn't know how much celestial energy he had absorbed. The Sun and Moon Dragon's Handle in his body became more and more agile. This kind of cultivation was also a kind of training for him. Although it didn't increase his strength by much, it was very beneficial to the circulation of stellar energy. Hum …

Countless space-time mazes in the depths of the Xuanwu Egg started to activate. Many natural formations formed in the depths of the mazes, and each formation had its own purpose.

Suddenly, Gu Chensha found that there were nine huge natural formations in the depths of the Xuanwu Egg that were forming nine Dharma treasures.

The Sea Calming Pearl, the Mountain and Sea Painting, the Sledgehammer, the Star Absorbing Pagoda, the Nine Yang Whip, the Darkfire Lamp, the Blue Wave Sword, the Setting Sun Bow, and the Shooting Sun Arrow were the nine Dharma treasures that the Black Tortoise was born with.

There were nine space-time on the back of the Xuanwu Egg and these nine Dharma treasures would automatically form in the depths of the space-time.

"The internal structure of the Xuanwu Egg is really complicated. How can ordinary beasts compare to it? I've learned a lot from the various space-time mazes and formations inside the Xuanwu Egg. "

Lou Baiyue also carefully observed the internal structure of the Xuanwu Egg in the past three days and enriched her knowledge.

The inside of the Xuanwu Egg wasn't made of flesh and blood, but many space-time mazes. There was a strange energy that was similar to a golden core. A Xuanwu Egg had many grotto-heavens and worlds inside.

The Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird and Xuanwu were the true gods. They were born with extremely powerful strength and stood at the top of all living beings. They represented the four laws of heaven and earth.

The Azure Dragon was wood, the White Tiger was gold, the Vermilion Bird was fire and the Xuanwu was water. The two of them saw the laws of water from the structure of the Xuanwu Egg. Crack, crack … All the eggshells shattered and turned into clouds that collapsed and condensed. All the Deity Qi gathered on a Xuanwu baby. The Xuanwu baby was finally born.

The Xuanwu baby was only the size of a fist and looked like a turtle. There were snakes coiled around its body and there were Nine Palaces on its back. Its eyes were bright and cunning.

"Hahahaha, hahahaha, it's finally out."

Baby Black Tortoise's body kept moving like a little puppy. It jumped onto Gu Chensha's shoulder, then onto its head, then onto Lou Baiyue's body. "So happy, so happy." "Why is this Xuanwu baby so small?"

Lou Baiyue grabbed a few times but actually couldn't grab it. She was shocked. One must know that with her current skills, she wouldn't fear anyone below Dao Realm Transformation 18.

The Xuanwu baby's speed seemed really normal but she couldn't grab it. That showed how amazing it was.

"Kong kong!"

The Xuanwu baby sucked in a deep breath and its body grew dozens of times. Luckily, the reading room was huge, otherwise, it would have exploded. "I can become really big but the smaller I am, the more concentrated my strength and the faster I am."