Chapter 564
===========

This time, Gu Chensha had infiltrated Wudang Xian's body and used the opportunity of Martial Emperor entering the microscopic world to refine himself. He had wanted to kill Martial Emperor in one move. However, he had not expected Martial Emperor to react so quickly. He had immediately cut off his hand to survive, giving up on the microscopic world he had painstakingly refined. He even self-detonated to buy himself some time and fled without a trace.

The microscopic world could be said to be the foundation of a deity. Once it was lost, the deity would suffer a significant loss. His strength would be reduced by at least half.

Ever since Martial Emperor became a deity, he had started to create his own microscopic world. He had spent a lot of effort to obtain many treasures in the world and slowly fuse them. Gu Chensha could not help but admire this kind of ruthlessness, especially since this microscopic world contained the talisman left behind by the Great Desolate Eon's Dragon's Gate.

This time, Gu Chensha's original intention was to capture Martial Emperor in one move and obtain a third of the Martial Saint's Paradise. After that, he planned to devour the entire Paradise. However, Martial Emperor had fled. This would be somewhat difficult.

"Since Wudang Xian is here, I will control this person and make him my clone. He will guard this place and use the Heavenly Fiend World Seizing Technique to slowly infiltrate this place.

However, the Heavenly Fiend World Seizing Technique will take at least three to five years, at most thirty to fifty years. "

Gu Chensha sighed and said, "If I capture Martial Emperor this time, I can succeed in three to five days."

The Heavenly Fiend World Seizing Technique required one to cultivate the formless Heavenly Fiend Will after cultivating the Heavenly Fiend Tree. It would infiltrate the world's crystal walls and spread like a virus. When the corrosion was almost complete, it would activate in one move and absorb the entire world. However, this was not a microscopic world but a minor chiliocosm.

The Martial Saint's Paradise was not as easy to seize as a microscopic world. Even though it was only a third of the world, it still had the ability to operate. Therefore, Gu Chensha had to slowly operate this technique for another three to five years.

Fortunately, he had already accomplished what he wanted to do. He had obtained the Great Desolate Eon's Dragon's Gate talisman.

After setting up Wudang Xian's body, he would slowly operate it here. If something happened and someone spied on the Martial Saint's Paradise, causing a commotion like the last time, Gu Chensha would have the opportunity to seize it in one move. He had already taken advantage of her twice.

The first time was when the Dharma Saint returned, and the Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor worked together to attack, causing the entire Law Realm to be in chaos. He once stole six primordial treasures and all the accumulated world power of the Law Realm. The second time was when the Wu Clan was in chaos and the Xing Qiong Clan attacked. He also stole all the treasures and almost 30% of the Martial Saint's Grotto-Heaven's savings. He directly turned the Common Life's Wish into a small chiliocosm. Otherwise, how could it have been so easy? Whoosh!

He left a seed of power in Wudang Xian's body, then sat down cross-legged and began to use the Heavenly Demon World Seizing Technique to slowly seep into him. That way, he would be able to work on it for a long time. Once they captured the Martial Emperor, they would quickly activate this plan. Before he knew it, Gu Chensha had returned to the interior of the sphere of [Life's Wish].

At this moment, a talisman appeared on Zhuge Ya's altar. This talisman was the Great Desolate Eon's Dragon's Talisman that the Martial Emperor had used back then.

This talisman was constantly changing, and it was restless. It wanted to break through all the barriers and fly away.

However, Zhuge Ya seemed to be prepared for this. He used the token of "Regal Propria" to suppress this talisman, preventing it from changing, and even preventing it from communicating with the outside world.

"Royal Father's token can suppress this talisman?" Gu Chensha found it a little refreshing.

"Of course. The might of the Emperor is not something that the Great Desolate Eon's Dragon's Wish can compare to. Furthermore, this is a talisman that was born from the Great Desolate Eon's Dragon's Wish."

Zhuge Ya said, "However, we cannot activate the true might of the token, but this Great Desolate Eon's Dragon's Dragon's Talisman can. Your Highness, quickly refine this talisman and erase the Martial Emperor's imprint in it. Then, fuse it into the Tree of Wishes. This way, even the Great Desolate Eon's Dragon's Wish Tree will not be able to cause trouble."

"This talisman can be refined?" Gu Chensha asked, "If it can be refined, why didn't the Martial Emperor refine it?

Back then, the Martial Emperor cultivated the thirty-six transformations. His Embodiment Transformation Realm is many times higher than ours. "

"Firstly, the Martial Emperor does not know the Dragon Creation Mental Cultivation Method. Secondly, he does not have the Heavenly Dao.

Actually, with the great changes in the world, the Heaven Sacrifice Decree can be refined in the future. What more a talisman from the Great Desolate Eon's Dragon's Dragon's Dragon Sacrifice Decree?

The three Heavenly Venerates are already planning to snatch the Primordial Tree. The Primordial Tree is an even stronger existence than the Great Desolate Eon's Dragon Sacrifice Decree, "Zhuge Ya said.

"That's true. The Heaven Sacrifice Decree is similar to the Great Desolate Eon's Dragon's Dragon Sacrifice Decree.

I cannot even refine this talisman left behind by the Great Desolate Eon's Dragon's Dragon Sacrifice Decree. How can I do all these things in the future? "

Gu Chensha said, "Since that's the case, I'll start the sacrificial refinement. My real body will stay here and create a clone. I'll obtain a gourd of holy dragon qi from Gu Zhanjian."

"Gu Tanjian has the Hundred Treasures Immortal River set up by His Highness. There is no rush. Even if the Demon Calamity erupts, we can still obtain it."

Zhuge Ya let out a long sigh. "Once we obtain the Primordial Dragon Sect's talisman, as long as we refine it, the Big Dipper Transposition Formation will be foolproof. At that time, we will obtain the World Burying Coffin, and the situation will be stabilized. However, I'm afraid it will still be impossible to repel the Demon Calamity. In this situation, we can only survive. The world will still be in turmoil.

"From now on, the world will be in chaos. The people will be plunged into misery and suffering. I wonder how many people will be crowned Emperors and Kings."

Gu Chensha's eyes were filled with compassion. He knew that things had gone very smoothly this time. He had actually managed to defeat a Martial Emperor and obtain the talisman left behind by the Primordial Dragon Sect. When the time came, he could use the talisman to block the attacks of the Demons and the Immortal Dao. From there, he could use those attacks to summon the World Burying Coffin and obtain the huge treasure left behind by the ancient Lord of Seven Stars.

If these treasures were fused into the sphere, then there would be a great chance that the sphere would be able to absorb more strength in the battle with the demons and transform it into a dimensional realm, stabilizing the situation. But, wanting to thoroughly kill the demons was still impossible.

The world was about to descend into a long and drawn-out war. The confrontation between the Spirit and the Demons was about to begin.

The people of the world would lose their peaceful days, and a reign of terror would engulf the Divine Land.

However, Gu Chensha was confident that as long as the Calm Immortal Bureau still existed, and he didn't die, the Yongchō still had hope. It was even possible that the Yongchō would be baptized in blood and fire, and become supreme hegemony.

However, there was a huge conflict within the Yongchō, and they were not united. Each aristocratic family had their own ulterior motives. The Legalism School even cooperated with the Demons. As soon as the Demon Calamity broke out, the Legalism School might even start a rebellion.

Even if Gu Chensha and the Calm Immortal Bureau cultivated a dimensional realm, they wouldn't be able to do anything to the Dharma Saint. Tough days were about to come. However, Gu Chensha and the people of the Calm Immortal Bureau were already prepared for battle.

"The Heavenly Dao sinks, baptizes the glory!" Gu Chensha sat down cross-legged, and his body erupted with light that surged into the talisman.

The moment the talisman was infused with the power of the Heavenly Dao, it immediately erupted. An incomparable frenzy seemed to want to sweep through the entire dimensional realm.

However, the moment this power erupted, the first to bear the brunt was Regal Propria's golden plate.

This golden plate moved slightly, and a boundless power faintly seeped out from it, causing the remnant will of the Desolate Dragon Sect to feel extreme fear.

Thinking about it, the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor only wrote four words, "Man conquers the heavens", and it completely distorted the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman Decree. Let alone the golden plate of "Regal Propria"?

From the meaning of the words on the golden plate, holding this golden plate was equivalent to the arrival of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. Even the Desolate Dragon Sect itself was afraid, let alone a talisman.

After restraining the power, Gu Chensha immediately felt the aura of mountains, seas, hells, emptiness, and heavens contained within this talisman. These auras converged, and within his will, a towering Desolate Dragon Sect that stood in the depths of billions of space-time appeared. It didn't even belong to the same space-time dimension as him.

It was unknown how tall this Desolate Dragon Sect was, and it was unknown how deep it was. Gu Chensha's will probed it, but it was simply bottomless.

In the deepest part of the Dragon Sect, there seemed to be countless holy dragon qi entangling, boiling, and roaring. It was as if thousands of sages were roaring at the same time, shocking the heavens and earth. Gu Chensha couldn't pry into the deepest mysteries of this Desolate Dragon Sect. Shh …

He continuously circulated his Heavenly Dao Technique, changing it continuously. Only then did he avoid the fate of his soul being devoured by the Desolate Dragon Sect, and he retracted his will.

"It's not that easy to refine this talisman." He shook his head. "Looks like I'll have to use some extraordinary methods."

"Fighting with this talisman is equivalent to Prince clashing with the will of the Desolate Dragon Sect in the unseen world. It will greatly improve Prince's cultivation. Perhaps Prince's cultivation will increase again.

This can be considered as sharpening the spear at the last moment. This time, whether or not the Celestial Tranquility Department can survive the great calamity depends entirely on whether or not Your Highness can refine this talisman. If Your Highness can't refine this talisman within seven days, we won't be able to activate the Big Dipper Shifting Formation. If those Lesser Chiliocosms of the Devil Race join forces to attack us, our Sphere of the Common People's Wish will definitely disintegrate, and everyone will die without a burial place. " "I know this is a great responsibility."

Gu Chensha said, "The Demon Disaster will erupt too quickly. It will only take a few days. If we have seven years to develop, it will be completely different." "Seven years is indeed enough for us to gain absolute confidence."

Zhuge Ya looked at the void. "However, since the future has been chosen, and the Demon Disaster will erupt immediately, we can only face it calmly."