Chapter 58
==========

Gu Chensha retracted his palm and did not give chase.

Although Chen Jianfeng had bad intentions, he was not a barbarian who killed commoners as a sacrifice. He was also of the Xian Dynasty's royal bloodline and was related to his mother. Capturing him was fine, but there was no need to kill him. As long as he was not an evil person, Gu Chensha would not kill him.

"How about it? You also learned the The Great Spirit God technique. Shall we spar? "

Gu Chensha smiled. "But if you want to run, I will not let you run for the time it takes for an incense stick to burn. That way, I will not be able to capture you." "What technique is that? It is definitely not the The Great Spirit God's palm."

Chen Jianfeng stared at him. He stood on another rock and was still in shock. He felt that Gu Chensha had not used his full strength. Those three palm strikes were enough to kill him. "Could it be that you really killed the Black Demon Bat, Yin Yang Scholar, Hundred Poison Daoist, and the Blood Soul Cult Leader?"

"Your Dao Realm was not comprehended by yourself. It was assisted by some kind of power. It is not stable, and your soul has not truly connected with spiritual energy. It is hard to circulate it, and it is intermittent. If you advanced to the Dao Realm on your own, then the spiritual energy in your body will be filled with spiritual energy. Essence blood will be born slowly, and every pore will be filled with fresh energy. You are still far from that." Gu Chensha gradually comprehended the mysteries of the Dao Realm.

If one relied on external methods such as sacrifices or pills to advance to the Dao Realm, the spiritual energy would be intermittent, like a clogged pipe. Chen Jianfeng was in such a situation.

"Yes, you can do it." Chen Jianfeng took a deep breath. "I underestimated you. I did not expect your cultivation to be so strong. But you might not be able to defeat me. Law Breaking Celestial Sword, come out! " Clang!

Behind him, a sword actually flew out by itself and floated beside him. It was short and delicate, shaped like a silver fish. There were runes on it, and it was actually stronger than the Dragon Bone Sword.

Although Dragon Sword Island had accumulated a lot, it was not as strong as the Xian Dynasty. Even the Great Yongchō Court could only wipe it out in the end.

The Xian Dynasty had six Celestial Swords. The first was the Lawless Celestial Sword, the second was the Ending Celestial Sword, the third was the Law Breaking Celestial Sword, the fourth was the Law Breaking Celestial Sword, the fifth was the Law Breaking Celestial Sword, and the sixth was the Law Breaking Celestial Sword.

The Lawless Celestial Sword, Celestial Celestial Celestial Sword, and the Ending Celestial Celestial Sword were in the hands with Gu Chensha. Dynasty Celestial Celestial Celestial Dynasty. The Celestial Celestial Celestial Sword was the Law Celestial sword,,, but could not. Celestial sword sword Breaking celestial Celestial Celestial.

"Magic Breaking Immortal Sword, go!" Chen Jianfeng chanted loudly. Chen for for for.

The silver fish-like sword twisted and flashed, turning into a silver light. It spun up and down and actually shot towards Gu Chensha. Its speed was extremely fast and it actually created a sonic boom. The slicing power was definitely not something that a Martial Path Grandmaster or a Dao Realm Transformation One or Transformation Two expert could compare to. Chen Chen.... Only Copper Skin and Iron Bones could stop this sword.

The Blade of Exorcism had already appeared in his hand. Gu Chensha did not dare to be careless. He had already unleashed the profundities of the Transformation of Sun and Moon. Similarly, he brandished his sword and blocked the Spell Destroying Immortal Sword. Dang!

When the two swords collided, Gu Chensha only felt that the force transmitted from the Spell Breaking Divine Sword was as strong as several giant elephants, more than nine bulls and two tigers. It almost sent his Demon Subduing Blade flying. If it wasn't for the unpredictable changes of the Sun and Moon Technique, which was good at dispersing force, this blow would have killed him.

"You are actually using martial arts to deal with the Law Celestial Sword. This sword has Law Celestial Sword Breaking power, and I have only used 30% of it. Kneel down and I will spare your life. "

Chen Jianfeng stood far away and did not attack. He just looked at the silver fish-like Law Celestial Sword dancing around and forcing Gu Chensha back.

His eyes were dark and sunken as he chanted once more. The Law Celestial Sword's speed increased once more. It sped up and down and actually left an afterimage. The silver sword light was like threads, forming a dense sword net that wanted to slice Gu Chensha into pieces.

Under such a situation, it was tough for Gu Chensha to break through the sword light lock down, much less get close to him.

"This Law Celestial Sword is the weakest out of the five swords, but it is still so strong!

I think that Chen Jianfeng can't use the full power of the celestial sword, otherwise, I would be in trouble. "

Gu Chensha exerted the Transformation of Sun and Moon with all his might. He borrowed the force from all directions and unloaded it, but the attacks of the celestial swords were rapid, fast, and powerful. Every time they struck, he felt numb all over. They were even more powerful than the four old demons combined. The power contained within the sword was limitless. Kacha!

The Demon Descending Blade in his hand actually cracked. The Law Celestial Sword was too sharp and the Demon Descending Blade was just in its embryonic form. It hadn't been forged into a true blade.

"Once your weapon is shattered, let's see how you block." Chen Jianfeng laughed out loud.

"Hornless Dragon!"

Gu Chensha's expression was calm as he shouted. In an instant, a light blue armor appeared on his body. It was actually the Hornless Dragon Armor. This armor protected his entire body, and at the same time, his strength increased greatly. Bang! With a punch, he actually forcefully stopped the attack of the Law Celestial Sword.

"Hornless Dragon Armor!"

Chen Jianfeng's expression changed, and then he showed some savagery, "You think this armor can block it?

Since that's the case, I'm going to break this armor and kill you even if I have to use this sword for a year and consume all the spiritual energy stored in it! " He formed hand seals with both hands, and the changes were complicated.

"Grab!"

Gu Chensha was even calmer. He suddenly used all his strength, working with the Hornless Dragon Armor. His hands turned into layers of shadows, and he actually grabbed the Law Celestial Sword.

"Idiot, you actually used your hands to grab it." Chen Jianfeng was secretly delighted.

However, the moment Gu Chensha grabbed the Law Celestial Sword, he used some unknown technique and threw it into the void. The Law Celestial Sword actually disappeared without a trace.

"What's going on?" Chen Jianfeng was stunned that he could not sense the sword.

"This sword is so powerful."

Gu Chensha was a little shocked. In the instant he took the risk to grab the Law Celestial Sword, he felt like he had grabbed a dragon that could lift him into the sky at any moment, or even tear the Hornless Dragon Armor to pieces. He could not hold it at all. Therefore, in that instant, he made the best choice, and threw the sword into the spatial altar.

That was an independent space, and only he could enter it. The things inside could only come out with his permission.

He sensed the space of the altar, and found that the Law Celestial Sword flew inside. Just as it was about to fly around, it suddenly saw the light of the sun and moon on the altar, and immediately let out a cry. It was like a subject seeing an emperor, and it slowly landed on the altar, subdued by the might.

"Where's my sword?" Chen Jianfeng was almost going crazy, "What did you do? Where did it go? " Gu Chensha did not answer him, and with a leap, appeared in front of him.

Chen Jianfeng hurriedly raised his arm, preparing to block, but he felt his body tighten. His acupoints had been sealed, and he went limp.

His true ability was far from Gu Chensha's, and adding on the fact that he had lost the Law Celestial Sword, his mind was in turmoil, and he was directly captured.

After an unknown period of time, he woke up, and found that he was in the courtyard of the town. Gu Chensha was sitting on a chair, and he was thrown on the ground.

He casually moved his body, and found that his acupoints were not sealed, and he was not tied up. He could escape at any time, but he immediately knew that the reason why Gu Chensha did not seal his acupoints or tie him up was because he had absolute confidence that he could not escape.

"What method did you use to take the Law Celestial Sword? But even if you use a method to temporarily suppress the sword, it will be useless. As long as the sword appears, any expert of our Chen Family will take it away."

Chen Jianfeng's tone was threatening, "Gu Chensha, don't make a mistake. The Grand Preceptor will come out of seclusion soon. If he wants to kill you, he can attack you from thousands of miles away. He has already cultivated to the Seamless Two World Transformation." "What? Twenty-seven Transformations, Seamless Two World Transformation?

Using the physical body to jump in an instant and break through the void. "Gu Chensha was also very familiar with the Thirty-six Transformations. It was all recorded in ancient books.

Among them, the Twenty-seven Transformations of the Dao State was called Seamless Two World Transformation, which meant instant movement. For example, from the capital city to Xian Zhou, as long as one tore open the void, entered it, found the coordinates, and jumped violently, one could reach the destination in the blink of an eye. This realm was already divine, and it was unimaginable.

He knew that the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong's cultivation was strong, but he did not expect it to be to such a level. It seemed that only the gods in the ancient epics could have such a method.

In his eyes, the Six Transformations of the Dao State and refining qi into Gang were already divine techniques that could not be resisted.

"How about it? You decide whether or not you want to fight against us. "

Chen Jianfeng seemed to be grasping at straws. "As long as you obediently hand over the Law Celestial Sword, then come with me to see the Crown Prince of Heaven Wasteland and give him the activated bloodline of The Great Spirit God, and let him communicate with The Great Spirit God, we will write off this matter, and you will not die because of this. We have a good way to save your life. " "Is that so?

The Twenty-Seven Transformations of the Dao State, the Endless Two Worlds, is indeed the method of a god. I cannot imagine it, but do you know what realm the Emperor has cultivated to? "The Emperor that Gu Chensha spoke of was the Heaven Talisman Emperor.

"What realm?"

Chen Jianfeng knew that this was a secret. Everyone knew that the Heaven Talisman Emperor was comparable to the ancient emperors, but they did not know what realm it was.

"His Embodiment Transformation." Gu Chensha said a transformation.

"Impossible, impossible, the last transformation of the Thirty-Six Transformations, Embodiment Transformation!"

Chen Jianfeng seemed to be frightened, muttering, "Embodiment Transformation can change everything in the world, and all kinds of space-time can move freely."

The Thirty-Six Transformations of the Dao State was called "Embodiment Transformation", and it was a realm that even most gods could not reach.

Of course, after the Thirty-Six Transformations, there were some more mysterious realms that were not recorded in the history books, because at that time, it could no longer be described with words.

Gu Chensha guessed that the Heaven Talisman Emperor had really reached such a realm, otherwise he would not be able to suppress the Evil Gods of the Brute Race to such a state.

In the history books, it was recorded that as long as one could open up a cave and create a stable space in the void, one could be considered a god.

As for Embodiment Transformation, that was to be able to change everything in the cave, and draw upon the energy of heaven and earth to give birth to people, objects, and all living beings. However, this realm could not produce its own energy, and had to draw upon the energy of heaven and earth, so it was called "Embodiment Transformation". It was to borrow the power of "him" to create all kinds of freedom. He was the heaven and earth, the Heavenly Dao.