Chapter 519
===========

As Gu Chensha's Wudang Xing was discussing, a large portion of his mind was already communicating with the Life's Wish Sphere.

Zhuge Ya was within it, using the mysteries of the sphere. He was also paying close attention to the changes in the Demon Region.

The Department of Tranquil Deities had a complete grasp of everything that Xing Qianxiong and Jiang Qi were doing in the depths of the Demon Region.

Zhuge Ya had obtained the Seventy-Two Layers of Divine Prefecture's Great Dharma, and he was also cultivating diligently. Gu Chensha saw that the mana in his body was constantly changing, and as it wriggled, it seemed like he was about to break through the Immortal Body.

It was true that Gu Chensha treated Zhuge Ya quite well. It could be said that he had shared everything with Zhuge Ya, including the Great Massacre God Art, the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art, and other ultimate arts. He even shared his experiences. As long as Gu Chensha knew something, he would definitely pass it on to Zhuge Ya.

Zhuge Ya had acquired various secret techniques that surpassed any Saint since ancient times. Furthermore, he was cultivating in the sphere of the People's Wish, surrounded by the four sacred beasts — the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermilion Bird, and the Black Tortoise. Furthermore, he had the Taiyi Pearl, a treasure that was the essence of chaos. His cultivation speed had even surpassed that of Jiang Gongwang in the past. Even the Primordial Era's Jiang Gongwang didn't have such good cultivation conditions.

What was even more amazing was that Gu Chensha had used his Heavenly Dao Dharma cultivation to condense the Tree of Wishes. The feedback of the Tree of Wishes to him was very likely to allow him to make some kind of breakthrough. In other words, he might break through the Nine Five True Dragon Dharma realm and reach nine six, nine seven, or even nine eight and nine nine.

Although it was impossible for him to cultivate the Heaven Dao Technique, it wasn't impossible for him to raise the quality of his power to the Nine Nine True Dragon Technique like the Dharma Saint. Moreover, Zhuge Ya had been working hard to comprehend the Divergent.

"Mister Zhuge seems like he is about to achieve the Undying Body. He is at the Dao Realm 25 Transformations."

A portion of Gu Chensha's consciousness was communicating with Zhuge Ya. An incarnation appeared in the Life's Wish Sphere.

"Cultivating this transformation will indeed increase one's magic power, and I'll definitely be able to use it to break through to the Nine Six True Dragon Magic. However, it won't be of much help to the Celestial Serenity Department."

Zhuge Ya said, "The Dharma Saint has started his plan. He has accepted Gu Xuansha's son, Gu Changjian, as his disciple. We must not underestimate him."

"That kid is sinister and ruthless, and his methods are extremely ruthless. He's young, but he's experienced and profound, so he naturally can't be underestimated.

As for this motley crew's counterattack against our Calming Immortal Department, it doesn't matter too much. Now that the whole world is united, they won't be able to make any big movements. "

Gu Chensha said confidently, "As long as we obtain the World Burying Coffin, everything will be solved."

"In these few months, Xing Qianxiong and Jiang Qi have gained quite a lot in the Demon Realm. They've captured countless demon experts and even sealed a few demons that are close to reaching the Demon God level. For example, there are some demons at the 27, 28, and 29 Dao Realm." Zhuge Ya pointed at a huge mirror in front of them. Gu Chensha looked over and saw that Xing Qianxiong and Jiang Qi were refining a Demon Lamp. This Demon Lamp seemed to contain a peerless fiendish power.

Within the flames of the Devil Lantern, there seemed to be countless powerful ghosts wailing. As expected, Gu Chensha saw a Devil Emperor of the 29 Transformations being imprisoned.

The flame of the lamp was a small world, and the countless demons imprisoned inside were entangling with each other, which in turn increased the fierceness of the flame.

"This is the Divine Prefecture Demon Sealing Lamp, the ultimate technique of the Xing Qiong Clan. This lamp can create a world and seal demons, allowing the demons to be imprisoned and whipped inside to increase the power of the Demon Lamp."

Gu Chensha recognized it. The cultivation process of this magic treasure was one of the 72 levels of the Divine Prefecture Great Technique.

"They've more or less collected enough demons' souls, flesh and blood."

Zhuge Ya said, "After all, Xing Qianxiong has a Divine-grade armor, and he has devoured the Peerless Heaven Scripture. His fierceness surpasses many Demon Gods, and he has the Xing Qiong Clan behind him. No demons in the Demon Domain dare to provoke him. The number of demons he has captured in the past three months far exceeds what Dou Nineteen captured." "I can feel it."

Gu Chensha was a little tempted. "If we can get this Demon Lamp and let the Wish Tree absorb it, the tree can expand several times. Not only will the production of our Human Dragon Armor, Human Dragon Sword, and Human Dragon Pill increase several times, the quality will also increase. The medicinal effects of the pills produced will be stronger, the armor will be stronger, and the sword will be sharper." "There's no rush. This is nothing.

This lamp imprisons a large number of demonic souls, and it is used to summon them to obtain the World Burying Coffin. Next, I think that Xing Qianxiong will fly out of the Demon Area and find a secret place to set up an altar. When that time comes, it will give us an opportunity to take advantage of, "Zhuge Ya said." As long as we are patient, we will definitely reap great rewards. "

"That brat Gu Changjian's three venomous schemes can only threaten us by contacting the Devil Race. Many Devil God level experts will join hands to deal with our Tranquil Immortal Department," said Gu Chensha. "As for the other things happening among the people, we can crush them with a flip of our hand."

"Our central force is the 360 Common People's Marshals, and they are connected to your Highness. Recently, these Common People's Marshals have improved, and it's all because of your Highness' cultivation. If your Highness can improve, the Common People's Marshals will also improve," Zhuge Ya said.

The 360 Common People's Generals had reached stage five True Dragon Technique. They had become a force that shocked the world. What kind of concept was the Fifth Stage True Dragon Technique? They were existences that were born when a Saint's talent was cultivated to the extreme.

In other words, the Calming Immortal Department had three hundred and sixty disciples with the 22 Transformations of Heaven and Earth that were born with the aptitude of a Sage.

With such a huge force, it was easy for them to do all sorts of things. Lou Baiyue and the Fourth Gu Huasha were able to deal with the officials of the Common People's Wish Academy and the Imperial Court in a short period of time. These 360 Common People's Generals played a huge role.

Many aristocratic families and Celestial Path Mysterious Sects didn't understand why puppets could cultivate the True Dragon Technique. This was something that was almost impossible to happen in all of history.

Just this point alone shocked a large number of powers and they didn't dare to act rashly. They were afraid that the Calming Xian Department had other powerful existences.

"I've swindled quite a few good things from Gu Zingjian recently. There's a broken Star Map and a Thousand-Eyed Demon Sword. They can be devoured by the Wishing Tree," Gu Chensha said.

"There's no need for the Map of Stars. I can deduce the location of the other fragments and obtain the treasure of the Goddess of Stars." Zhuge Ya was very confident. "How will Your Highness disrupt these people's plans?"

"I originally wanted to impersonate Dou Nineteen and kill Fa Wuxian again to stir up conflict between the Legalists and the three Heavenly Venerables. But it seems like that won't work."

Gu Chensha said, "We'll start with Gu Tanjian and stir up conflict. This alliance is in a state of disunity." "The main reason we can't kill Fa Wuxian is because of the Dharma Saint."

There seemed to be a competitive look in Zhuge Ya's eyes. "The appearance of the Dharma Saint has indeed disrupted the situation, making it impossible for me to calculate all kinds of situations."

"War is unpredictable, and water is unpredictable. We still have the upper hand." Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya came up with many new plans as they discussed. A long while later, Gu Chensha secretly withdrew his thoughts.

In the Clearsky Chamber of Commerce in the old capital city, many people had already discussed the specific details of how to deal with the Calming Xian Department.

"Alright, we'll do as we've discussed."

Wu Dangkong made the final decision. "We'll start immediately. As long as Fa Wuxian can persuade the Demon God-level experts in the Demon Domain to join forces and attack the sphere of the Calming Xian Department, the Crown Prince and I will immediately mobilize the court and strike the Calming Xian Department with a thunderous blow. I have my own candidate to contact the Immortal Dao." "I wonder who you've chosen, Your Highness?" Gu Tanjian's expression changed.

"It's definitely someone with great influence in the Profound Immortal Dao. Don't think that Jin Suibo has made a name for himself in the Immortal Dao. He's actually just a small fry." Wu Dangkong suddenly said, "Young Master An, please show yourself."

At that moment, another young man appeared in the living room. He looked to be in his twenties, and he wore a greenish-purple immortal robe. He had the aura of a supreme Immortal Dao cultivator.

"Greetings, everyone. I am Xuan An," the young man introduced himself.

"The son of the Black Heaven Earth Sect's sect master, Xuan An." Gu Tanjian was shocked.

"You must be Brother Slashing Sword, aren't you? You have the potential to become an Innate Saint, aren't you? I know you have the Blessing of the Holy Dragon. Why don't you trade it with me?" Xuan An cupped his hands.

"Oh? Young Master Xuan An, are you thinking of getting an Innate Saint to play with? "

Gu Tanjian's expression turned to one of amusement. "That's not impossible. I do have some Blessing of the Holy Dragon here, which The Great Spirit God obtained with great difficulty from the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Wilderness. The price isn't cheap. "

As he spoke, Gu Tanjian had a thought. "The Black Heaven Earth Sect's sect master had a few sons. The most outstanding one was called Xuan Xin, who was also an Innate Saint. His cultivation was invincible, and he was practically the top cultivator of the Immortal Dao's younger generation. He also had countless fortuitous encounters and blessings. Unfortunately, he met the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor had entered the Black Heaven Earth Sect as a disciple in his youth. This was a secret of the Immortal Dao, but many people knew about it.

The reason he left the Black Heaven Earth Sect was because he had a conflict with the sect master's son, Xuan Xin.

Later, he beat up the Black Heaven Earth Sect's sect master, causing the leader of the Immortal Dao to die. Back then, Xuan Xin was much more powerful than the current Fa Wuxian.

He was born an Innate Saint, and there were all sorts of strange phenomena in the world. Red clouds rose into the sky, purple clouds soared, and the sound of drums and conches could be heard. Back then, countless Immortal Dao experts and some Sages were shocked.

After Xuan Xin was born, his cultivation was indeed invincible, and his luck was extraordinary. No matter what happened, he could turn danger into safety. Even if he was chased by demons, he could still obtain treasures and fortuitous encounters. Even if he was plotted against by Sages, he could still survive.

Once, the three Heavenly Venerables felt that if this kid continued to grow, it would be difficult to control him. Thus, they secretly set up many traps. Unfortunately, Xuan Xin resolved all of them.