Chapter 841
===========

"Yiyu, you escaped from the Celestial Calmness Department. Looks like you know a lot.

I didn't expect you to be the Punisher Heavenly King's mother. No wonder the Immortal Slaying God Gourd listens to your orders. Unfortunately, the Punisher Heavenly King has emerged, and the gourd has fallen into Gu Chensha's hands. "

Primeval Ancient looked at Dou Yiyu and sensed her aura. She had nothing to do with the Celestial Calmness Department, and her fate wasn't connected to it.

"The Punisher Heavenly King's name is Gu Xingjian. He was sent by Gu Chensha to take control of the Inferno Continent and increase the number of people in the Celestial Calmness Department.

However, I don't think the Punisher Heavenly King will side with Gu Chensha. As a heavenly king, he will be an invincible existence when the Heavenly Court is established. What good will it do to side with Gu Chensha? "Heavenly Lord Putuo asked.

"Let's not talk about that. Let's talk about our control of the Hongmeng Tree," Dou Yiyu said. "What did Father and Uncles say about Heavenly King Dong Hua?" "Hahahaha!" Heavenly Lord Victorious Battle laughed.

"Father, why are you laughing?" Dou Yiyu asked.

"The three of us predicted this would happen. The Hongmeng Tree is a divine item, and we definitely won't be able to obtain it. However, we can use this opportunity to build a good relationship with Heavenly King Dong Hua!

If we become his subordinates, we will be able to achieve great things and gain great power when the Heavenly Court is established, "Heavenly Lord Victorious Battle said.

"Is that so?"

Dou Yiyu frowned. "What if Heavenly King Dong Hua forcibly takes back the Hongmeng Tree, or even attacks Father and Uncles?

Besides, no one can say for sure in the future. Even if the Emperor Of Heaven comes out and can suppress the Celestial Calmness Department, don't forget that there's still Gu Taxian. As long as he and the Heavenly Dao don't win, we don't know who will rule the Heavenly Court in the future. Also, heavenly kings can be robbed. For example, Heavenly King Innocuous Heavenly King was originally Jing Fanxing, but Jing Qiu stole Jing Fanxing's Heavenly King Source and fused it with him to become the new Innocuous Heavenly King. Father and Uncles are willing to be his subordinates instead of becoming heavenly kings themselves? Our ambition should be much greater than Jing Qiu. " The three Heavenly Lords fell silent.

After a long while, Heavenly Lord Yuan Gu said, "Jing Qiu is an audacious person who breaks all taboos. Even we have to admit that he is unscrupulous, courageous, and resourceful. In the future, he will be the greatest enemy of the Celestial Calmness Department. Now that he has obtained the Source of Innocuous Heavenly King and the Heart of Desolation, his strength has surpassed ours. Back then, he was even the first to stand up and rebel against the Yongchō. Although his clan was wiped out, I can see that he is good at gambling. I think his scheming and scheming is even above that of the Great Spirit God."

"Jing Qiu forcefully seized the Source of Innocuous Heavenly King. He will definitely be in big trouble in the future, but I can see that he has long since made preparations," said Heavenly Lord Pu Tuo.

"Jing Qiu, Calamity Heavenly King Gu Huo, and Xuan Xin have long joined forces to devour Father and my two uncles and seize the Primordial Mist Tree. This is the information I obtained from the Celestial Calmness Department. Right now, this alliance is very chaotic, and danger lurks everywhere. We should make preparations as soon as possible, lest we become meat on the chopping block, unable to extricate ourselves." Dou Yi Yu was trying her best to mislead them, and what she said was the truth.

"If that is the case, what do you think we should do?"

Heavenly Lord Victorious Fighter asked. "Everyone under the heavens is ambitious. For example, that Master of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, also wants to devour us at all times. We absolutely cannot rely on him. Apart from him, there are no other good powers except for the Heavenly Kings." "What I mean is that we cannot rely on them, but we can borrow their strength.

If Jing Qiu can devour the Heavenly Kings, so can we, "said Dou Yi Yu." It all depends on whether Father and my two uncles can make up their minds. " "Speak frankly." Heavenly Lord Yuan Gu looked at Dou Yi Yu.

"We can borrow the strength of the Celestial Calmness Department," said Dou Yi Yu.

"If Father and my two uncles join the Celestial Calmness Department and join forces with us, along with me and Gu Xingjian, we can form a huge power within the Celestial Calmness Department. We can even push Gu Chensha's authority away. That way, we can borrow the strength of the Celestial Calmness Department to devour Heavenly King Dong Hua." "You've joined the Celestial Calmness Department and come here to persuade us?"

Heavenly Lord Victorious Fighter's expression changed. "If that is the case, then you are not my daughter. I will definitely kill you." At this time, killing intent also appeared on Primordial Gu and Putuo's faces.

"The Celestial Calmness Department defies the heavens and must be destroyed. This is a matter of principle, and it is also a matter of choosing sides and survival. Jing Qiu devouring Jing Fanxing's Origin Source is an internal struggle of the Heavenly Court. If Jing Qiu had made contributions, then he would not have been punished at all. However, if he joined the Celestial Calmness Department, then he would have walked a dark path. There would be no turning back.

We have been able to stand tall for so many years because we have judged the situation and acted according to the rules of the Heavenly Dao. That is why we are able to do this with ease, "said Heavenly Lord Victorious Fighter.

"Times have changed. Your methods are no longer feasible," said Dou Yi Yu.

"Riches can only be found in danger. If you do not dare to take the gamble and still want to achieve great things, then that is just wishful thinking. Father and my two uncles, do you still not understand the current situation?

If you do not change and continue to walk the same path as before, then you will be devoured by others sooner or later. When that happens, you will sink into oblivion for all eternity, even worse than slaves. Right now, you are pinning your hopes on the appearance of Heavenly King Dong Hua, and then relying on him. But why don't you think about it? Firstly, it is still unknown how Heavenly King Dong Hua will treat us. Secondly, even if we join him, we will only be minor characters under his command. When the time comes, given your strength, are you going to be willing to be ordered around?

Thirdly is the most important. According to what I know, the Heavenly Kings at the top of the rankings, such as Heavenly King Primal Chaos, Heavenly King Daluo, and even Heavenly King Jin, are all hidden within the Celestial Calmness Department, concealing their identities and preparing to make a move.

I think that Heavenly King Dong Hua is among them. In addition, even Emperor Heaven King's reincarnated body is already among them. " "What? Are you telling the truth? "The three Celestial Venerables spoke at the same time.

"That is very likely," said Dou Yi Yu.

"If I join the Calmness Celestial Agency, I will still have a place for myself. That is because the Punisher Heavenly King is my son. In the Calmness Celestial Agency, there is no one other than Gu Chensha with better aptitude than the Punisher Heavenly King.

Do you think that if we join the Calmness Celestial Agency and borrow its power, we will be able to obtain many benefits? We might even be able to discover Emperor Heaven King's reincarnated body first! At that time, we will not be able to play around with people like Jing Qiu. We can even borrow the power of the Calmness Celestial Agency to deal with people like Xuan Xin. " "How confident are you in gaining Gu Chensha's trust?" asked the Victorious Fighting Celestial.

"Gu Chensha will not trust me, nor will he trust my father and my two uncles.

However, we can also join the Calmness Celestial Agency because Gu Chensha will not reject us. We must set an example for the people of the world. This is a combination of benefits. At present, there is no longer any reason for us to stay in the Black Heaven Earth Sect Alliance.

If we become a part of the Imperial Court, when the Emperor Heaven King appears in the future, we will immediately follow the Emperor Heaven Earth Sect. That will be a great merit.

Another point is that if we join the Calmness Celestial Agency, we will definitely obtain benefits first. It is possible that Heavenly King Dong Hua will come looking for us soon.

After I became the Punisher Heavenly King's mother, I have many ideas. I know that the Emperor Heaven King's appearance will definitely be to disintegrate the Calmness Celestial Agency from within and gain control of the divine continent. He will definitely not appear in the outside world and fight against the Yongchō. That is because if he does, the people of the world will definitely die. This is not in line with the Emperor Heaven's Dao. The Emperor Heaven will definitely kill the culprit.

The easiest way to kill the culprit is from within the Imperial Court. Once the culprit is eliminated, he will naturally be able to swallow the entire divine continent. "Dou Yiyu spoke clearly and logically.

"That's right. This can be said to have pointed out the essence of the matter.

There have been revolts in the past dynasties. There have been massacres among the common people, and there have been revolts that have resulted in rivers of blood. There have also been political revolts that have occurred in the imperial court. This has no great impact on the common people. It doesn't matter who is the Emperor.

The Emperor Heaven King is benevolent. He will definitely choose to kill the culprit in the imperial court. "Primeval Celestial also agreed.

"In that case, we can feign civility with the Calmness Celestial Agency and join them. How about it?" Celestial Pu Tuo also agreed, having been moved by Dou Yiyu's words.

"However, you still need to discuss this matter with Gu Chensha. We will only be willing to join if we obtain greater benefits for ourselves. Otherwise, this matter will be dropped," Celestial Master Victorious Battle said.

"That's natural. Father and my two uncles joining the Calmness Celestial Agency would be a huge blow to the alliance of the Black Heaven Earth Sect."

Dou Yiyu said, "Moreover, your status in the Immortal Dao is extremely high. Among the common people, you are an invincible existence. If you join the Calmness Celestial Agency, then Gu Chensha can be used as a propaganda tool. In an instant, his destiny and reputation will increase by many folds. At the very least, in the Eastern Wilderness, some of the Profound Sects that are on the sidelines will surrender and no longer listen to the Black Heaven Earth Sect.

We can take this opportunity to establish the Department of Immortals and bring these Profound Sects under our control. In this way, we will also have great authority in the Calmness Celestial Agency. We can even use Gu Chensha's power to seize the Endless Heart. "

"You should quickly discuss this matter," Celestial Master Victorious Battle said. "I will continue to discuss with my two brothers how to maximize the benefits." "Of course." With that, Dou Yiyu's body flickered and disappeared.

After Dou Yiyu left, Primeval Celestial Master Victorious Battle looked at Dou Yiyu and Pu Tuo and asked, "How was it?"

"This matter will have to be decided by Heavenly King Dong Hua." Celestial Master Victorious Battle suddenly bowed toward the depths of the void. (Hold down for three seconds to copy)