Chapter 524
===========

"The Divine Prefecture Maleficent Armor?"

Emperor Wu nodded. "It's an incredible armor, a true divine artifact forged by the Xingqiong Clan. It's practically the equivalent of a true god-rank expert. I understand your opportunity. What are the details?"

"First of all, I'll tell the nine elders that Your Majesty has appeared and is willing to return to the clan to forge this armor together. The armor definitely contains the Xingqiong Clan's arrangements, and only Your Majesty can refine it. The nine elders must know this as well. When the time comes, Your Majesty can use your cultivation to take over the Martial Emperor's Paradise. At the same time, the nine great antiques will be sucked into it. "

Gu Chensha had a different explanation for Emperor Wu. "In short, if Your Majesty wants to subdue the Wu Clan, you must take advantage of this opportunity. Who knows, you might even be able to obtain the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree." "I'll leave this matter to you."

Emperor Wu thought for a long time. "This is indeed an opportunity, but you don't seem to be so honest. What do you want from this grand plan? I know you're not being honest. If I don't give you some benefits, you might even plot against me. Tell me, what do you want? " "I hope Your Majesty can refine a temporary world talisman for me.

Without world energy to protect me, I'm afraid it'll be very dangerous for me to work for Your Majesty. "

He knew that it was probably impossible for him to obtain any good treasures from the Martial Emperor. The Martial Emperor had been reborn after the Tribulation and was now penniless. He might as well get the Martial Emperor to refine talismans and pour a huge amount of World Energy into them. They could also be used as nourishment for the sphere of the Common's Wish.

Right now, Life's Wish was absorbing vow power and chaotic elemental energy. Through the wriggling of the Tree of Wishes and the sphere itself, it gathered and transformed into world energy.

This kind of accumulation was actually very slow, far inferior to the assistance of a god-rank expert. It would be good if he could squeeze some out of Emperor Wu.

"Oh, that's possible."

The Martial Emperor suddenly extended his hand and twisted it violently. The power of the world continued to brew in his palm for three days and three nights before it condensed into a spatial crystal. Within the crystal, there seemed to be a unique small world circulating violently. "This is my unique secret art. I recently comprehended the Death Rebirth Realm. It is the experience of going from life to death, and then from death to life. It is the circulation of this world. You will be greatly protected. " Suddenly, the Martial Emperor flicked his finger and sent the crystal into Gu Chensha's body.

Immediately, Gu Chensha felt that this crystal seemed to be imprisoning him. However, it could also protect him at all times. This was clearly a forbidden technique of a Martial Emperor.

Martial Emperors liked to do this kind of thing. They did not trust anyone and had to restrict their subordinates. This was the heart of a monarch, a loner. But this kind of attitude naturally couldn't be exchanged for the sincerity of his subordinates.

The reason why the Martial Emperor Dynasty had declined so quickly back then was because the Martial Emperor had no loyal subordinates.

When a Martial Emperor was in power, everything was based on rules and absolute control. He would not befriend any of his subordinates and would be high and mighty. Although this was the way of an Emperor, it lacked a bit of humanity.

Gu Chensha was already familiar with the character of a Martial Emperor. He only snorted disdainfully at this Death Tribulation Rebirth Realm.

Xiao Chen could even enter and leave the Dharma Realms, coming and going as he pleased. This little trick of a Martial Emperor was nothing before him.

As long as he used his Heaven Path Technique, he would be able to break the crystal and let the Common People's Wish Ball absorb it. Even the Martial Emperor wouldn't know about it.

"Thank you, Emperor." Gu Chensha thanked him right away. He had to act really well.

"Go, I will wait for your news." The Martial Emperor waved his hand.

"Yes!"

Gu Chensha's body moved and he fled right away. When the Martial Emperor saw him leave, he frowned, "This kid's cultivation is improving really quickly. He actually reached Dao Realm 22 Transformation Heaven and Earth. It seems like he had a fortuitous encounter. But it is impossible for him to escape from me." The Martial Emperor didn't leave right away. He wanted to take a look at the entire palace.

"What kind of existence is the Heaven Talisman Emperor? To think that he could suppress so many existences and seal the gods. "

The Martial Emperor slowly walked around the palace. "There's an unfathomable power hidden in the depths of this palace that can shake the heavens and earth. It's as though it's gathering everything in the divine continent. If I try to use any techniques here to probe the secrets, I'm afraid I'll trigger that mysterious power and be smashed into smithereens. Is the Heavenly Talisman Emperor really so powerful? I don't believe it. "

He looked at the layout of the palace carefully, every single blade of grass and tree, as though he was comprehending something.

In the end, he didn't dare to use his techniques to destroy the palace because he was extremely afraid in the depths of his heart. At his level, he could vaguely sense some crucial things.

"Heaven Talisman Emperor, I will take back the land that belongs to me sooner or later. I will let the divine continent return to me. Even you can't stop me. Although I am far weaker than you now, you have already disappeared. I will make arrangements to change the world and unite the ten thousand worlds. This is my long-cherished wish after my rebirth!" The Martial Emperor finally left.

As for the "Wudang Xing" that Gu Chensha had transformed into, he returned to the Martial Saint's Paradise of the Wu Clan.

At this moment, Wu Dang Xing's status in the Wu Clan was extremely high. Moreover, his cultivation had been deliberately promoted, and his progress was extremely fast. Originally, Wu Dang Xing was only at the Golden Dan Great Dao Realm, but now he was at the 22 Transformations of Heaven and Earth. This realm could earn him even more respect.

As expected, when he returned, Wudang Xian and the other disciples who had always been at odds with him hid far away when they saw his power, afraid of angering him. Even Wu Gongmang, Wu Gongxu, and the other elders of the Wu Clan were secretly shocked, feeling that another genius disciple had been born in the Wu Clan. Gu Chensha entered the Martial Saint's Paradise directly.

At this moment, the Martial Saint's Paradise was still the same, and not much had changed. Unlike all the other magical realms, with the Dharma Saint presiding over them, there had been a crucial change.

"Wudang Xing, did you come today because there's been some progress in your cooperation with Gu Tanjian?

Your cultivation is rising very quickly. It seems like you've obtained great benefits from Gu Tanjian, but it doesn't count for yourself. You have to obtain benefits for the clan. You said you wanted to obtain a large number of Dragon Raising Pills and Dragon Creation Pills from Gu Tanjian, to increase the number of geniuses and unparalleled geniuses in the sect, and even to obtain the method to resist the Heavenly Dao's Summons from The Great Spirit God and the Voodoo Ancestor? Have you completed this matter? " At this time, high up in the Paradise, King Wu Yu spoke.

"If you fail, we will take back the rewards, such as your Thundercleaver Sword."

At this time, a divine level old antique spoke. Gu Chensha looked over. This old antique's name was Wu Daquan.

"Old ancestor, please calm your anger. I've already discussed with that Gu Tanjian, and even obtained a strand of his holy dragon qi, allowing my magic power to reach the first level of the True Dragon Technique. Unfortunately, I didn't have enough holy dragon qi, otherwise disciple could have become a natural saint."

Gu Chensha began to spout nonsense again. "But when disciple was using the Thundercleaver Sword, a huge accident happened. I met a senior of our Wu clan." "A senior of our Wu clan? Nonsense. How could our Wu clan have a senior? "King Wu Yu said.

"Old ancestor, please calm your anger. Disciple's words are all true. That senior of the Wu clan was the Martial Emperor who united the Divine Continent thousands of years ago and founded the Great Wu Dynasty." Gu Chensha hurriedly said.

"What? That Martial Emperor has revived? "

In an instant, waves of world energy swept through the entire Martial Saint Paradise. The nine great divine level experts became restless.

Gu Chensha could feel the mountain-like power of these experts. He immediately sneered inwardly. "In terms of true strength, just based on my battle prowess, any one of them can toy with me in the palm of their hands, just like how I toyed with Wang Qingzhu, Meng Yinyun, and Ba Jufeng.

But in terms of scheming, these divine level experts are all toyed with by my Heavenly Dao Arts. Even a Martial Emperor would find it hard to escape. With my puny strength, I can shake the entire situation. This is the essence of the Heavenly Dao. " Suddenly, Gu Chensha comprehended something.

His true strength wasn't even worthy of carrying the shoes of a divine level expert. Because even if the quality of the Heavenly Dao Arts made him invincible in certain aspects, in a real battle, it still couldn't compare to world energy. The difference in their realms was too great. A divine level expert was a divine level expert, impossible to surpass.

"This is the Martial Emperor I met."

Gu Chensha used his magic power to imitate the appearance of the Martial Emperor. "Nine old ancestors, when the Martial Emperor saw that I was a disciple of the Wu clan, he didn't make things difficult for me. Instead, he gave me some pointers in my cultivation. But now, the Martial Emperor's strength is unfathomable. He has become an anomaly. He wants to join hands with the nine old ancestors to revitalize the Wu clan." "Anomaly!"

King Wu Yu was shocked. "It seems like this junior has revived. He has actually been reborn after a calamity and comprehended many new things. I wonder how he managed to revive. Logically speaking, even if he had all sorts of plans, without some kind of unique opportunity, it would be extremely difficult to revive."

"That's right. The Martial Emperor must have obtained some kind of opportunity that is almost impossible to appear in this world." "This matter is too important. How are we going to deal with it?"

"The Martial Emperor rebelled against our Wu clan back then. He is no longer a member of the Wu clan. Even when he unified the world, he didn't give us any benefits. Back then, the Martial Emperor had already grasped the complete version of the Dragon Nurturing Mantra. However, he held onto it tightly and didn't give it to the Wu clan. If our Wu clan grasped this technique, after thousands of years of nurturing geniuses, the Martial Saint's Paradise would be filled with the Dragon Nurturing Qi. The world would be stable.

"This person has wild ambitions. He doesn't want to cooperate at all. He wants to seize the power of our Wu clan. He even wants to use this Martial Saint's Paradise as his capital to make a comeback." The divine level experts were fluctuating in the sky. Naturally, Gu Chensha couldn't interrupt.