Chapter 1074
============

Chapter 232: Discovering Fate How many living beings and non-living beings were there in the multivariate universe? There was no one who could count the number.

Even the smallest universe had countless living beings. Snakes, bugs, rats, ants, and even bacteria were all contained within. And Gu Chensha's river of fate revealed everything. All the fate was revealed down to the tiniest detail. There were no flaws at all.

In the entire world, only he had such strength. He was also the only one with such a realm and cultivation base.

He observed the fate of the living beings and non-living beings in the river of fate. He discovered that the fate energy of many tiny ant-like living beings was rapidly growing. There were over a hundred of them, and they were constantly devouring all sorts of huge fishes, pythons, giant whales, etc. They were growing into colossal existences.

However, this was considered a normal phenomenon. In the myriad worlds, there would always be minor characters who would experience a reversal and obtain great fate energy, attaining supreme innate techniques.

However, Gu Chensha still felt that there was something strange about this. It was because the speed at which these ants grew was simply too fast. Moreover, they were constantly fighting each other, as though they were nurturing venomous insects.

There was also a possibility that these ants didn't comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra and didn't awaken their own spirit force. They were all relying on the power of the old world, devouring and plundering to grow. This might very well be the old world choosing the main characters.

Many people who seemed to be the main characters were born. They devoured each other and fought against each other, nurturing the strongest existences. This clearly wasn't normal. Naturally, Gu Chensha didn't stop such actions. The changes of these people in the multivariate universe didn't pose a threat to him. In fact, they could even allow him to observe the situation of the old world. Swoosh! His body also disappeared.

He headed to a universe in the multivariate universe. This universe was a super-gigantic universe. It was just a step away from condensing and evolving into a supreme hegemon universe. It was an existence on the same level as the Arcana Universe, Mother Nest Universe, Extreme Martial Universe, and Primal Universe.

In truth, there were many such universes in the multivariate universe. However, none of them were able to advance into a supreme hegemon universe.

However, Gu Chensha could tell that as long as some of the super-gigantic universes could advance into a supreme hegemon universe, the person who pushed for it would be able to obtain great accomplishments.

The current Four Great Super Mega Cosmoses were actually formed naturally and not pushed by some existence. Even if it was Zhao Jiangshan, he only played a minor role and wasn't the actual driving force.

However, in the following process, many protagonists would appear in many mega universes. These protagonists would drive the operation of these mega universes, turning them into mega mega universes.

If among these protagonists, there were people who had cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, Gu Chensha felt that it was alright. There was nothing strange about it. But now, among these people, all of them were the Foundation Practitioners of the Old World who mainly relied on devouring to cultivate. That was definitely a conspiracy. However, Gu Chensha did not care about these conspiracies. He wanted to see how these schemes would be carried out. Shua!

Right now, he had arrived at a place called the 'Nine Xuan Cosmos'. This' Nine Xuan Cosmos' was a mega universe. Within this cosmos, it was a very ordinary cosmos. Most of the people here cultivated the Immortal Dao, and their cultivation levels were still based on the ancient system. Dao Realm 36 Transformations, Heavenly Lord, Heavenly Longevity, Heavenly Essence, Heaven Realm, and Heavenly Dao.

Everything was done according to the prescribed order. Moreover, there were very few people who had cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra.

Moreover, within this cosmos, the strongest power was the Nine Xuan Dynasty. This dynasty was somewhat similar to the Great Yongchō Court of the Endless Mainland.

The Nine Xuan Dynasty had set down a law that forbade the appearance of anyone who cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra or those who had awakened their Spirit Force. For such people, the Nine Xuan Dynasty only had a single word for them. Kill them. Completely destroy them.

For people who had awakened their Spirit Force, the Nine Xuan Dynasty called them 'heretics'. They were even more repulsed than the most vicious and evil devils. They felt that these heretics were the destroyers of the world, the corruptors, the destroyers of order. In the future, they would bring irreparable damage to the world.

For ordinary evil devils, even if they had reached the level of Fa Wuxian, they would at most devour. They still had to abide by the law of conservation of energy, natural selection, and survival of the fittest.

But for people who had awakened their Spirit Force, they would be challenging the rules of the old world. The current Emperor of the Nine Xuan Dynasty was known as' Xuan Gai Dao '. It meant that his cultivation base could cover the Great Dao.

Right now, this Emperor's cultivation base was also at the Heavenly Dao Realm. Moreover, he was extremely powerful. Even in the multivariate universe, he could be ranked in the top 100.

In Gu Chensha's River of Destiny, by observing the amount of fate energy, he would be able to derive the ranking of the experts in the multivariate universe.

He was fully deserving of being number one. No one could be a match for him. At the very least, for now, there was basically no one who could pose a threat to him.

Ranked second was Mister Wuxin, ranked third was Mister Wuxin, ranked fourth was Mister Wuwei, ranked fifth was Wen Hong, ranked seventh was Lou Baiyue, and ranked eighth was Zhuge Ya. These were all people who had cultivated to the Undying Realm.

Next, the one ranked ninth was actually the Fourth, Gu Huasha. The tenth was Zhang Ziran. The eleventh was Zhao Jiangshan, and the twelfth was Meholi.

Naturally, Meholi's cultivation base would still continue to rise. If he succeeded in his gamble with Fa Wuxian … At that time, he would enter the top group and become an expert at the Undying Realm.

"The Emperor of the Nine Xuan Dynasty, Xuan Gai Dao, is ranked eighty-fourth in terms of strength and destiny. To the myriad worlds of the multivariate universe, he is a tyrannical existence. You must know that there are dozens of experts from our New World." Gu Chensha observed.

Among the top hundred experts in the multivariate universe, other than Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, and Zhuge Ya, there were also some Heavenly Dao Realm experts, such as Ancestor of Personal Loyalty's foster son, Long Zaifei, Long Yuyun, Yu Hanlu, Longevity God, Chang Yuzhou, Chang Weiyang, Martial Sage, Lord of Taiyi, Tai Mengdi, Liu Yu, God of Five Seasons, and others.

These people who had fought alongside Gu Chensha had all cultivated the strongest mystiques in the new world and cultivated to the Heavenly Dao Realm that no one could compare to.

Those who had cultivated to the Heavenly Dao Realm in the new world were thousands of times stronger than those who had cultivated under ordinary circumstances.

Therefore, in terms of strength, the overall strength of the new world could basically crush the old world. Naturally, this was because the main character of the old world had yet to mature and appear. In the Nine Xuan Cosmos, Gu Chensha discovered the aura of the main character.

Of course, this was just the aura of the main character. The true main character might not be him. He still had to fight with many other main characters and kill them all before he could become the true main character.

However, this main character was not the Nine Xuan Cosmos' emperor, nor was it his prince. Instead, it was one of his subordinates.

Gu Chensha didn't linger around for too long. With a single movement, he arrived at the capital of the Nine Xuan Dynasty. This capital was extremely huge, and there were tall buildings everywhere. There were even huge floating towers floating in the sky. There were also many hidden space-time within the capital, and there were also many towering castles.

This was a world of the immortal dao, so it wasn't strange for the capital of the dynasty to be so majestic. At this time, Gu Chensha arrived at a huge courtyard in the depths of a space.

This could be said to be a small world, and there were many men and women living here. It was the residence of a subject.

This subject was an extremely exalted Grand Tutor of the Nine Xuan Dynasty. His name was Zhou Yuhao, and he had a hundred sons. One of them was called Zhou Yang. He didn't like this son, and his status in the clan was extremely low. But in truth, this Zhou Yang had the fate of a main character. In other words, if nothing unexpected happened, the entire Nine Xuan Cosmos and the Nine Xuan Dynasty would eventually be under Zhou Yang's control. However, this Zhou Yang was still one of the unfavored sons of the clan.

The reason why Gu Chensha came here was because he wanted to catalyze this Zhou Yang into accepting his ideals. After that, he wanted him to devour the other main characters one by one, becoming the sole main character and submitting to him.

In Gu Chensha's view, this Zhou Yang hadn't had any fortuitous encounters yet, so he was still very easy to mold. With a thought, he arrived at a small courtyard.

This space was like a small world, with mountains and rivers surrounding it, the sun, moon, and stars, as well as courtyards and fields.

This place was created by Grand Tutor Zhou Yuhao. Grand Tutor Zhou Yuhao's cultivation base was at the Heaven Realm, and he hadn't reached the Heavenly Dao Realm yet. But even at this realm, he was extremely exalted. That was why the Emperor of the Nine Xuan Dynasty regarded him so highly, and he became a Grand Tutor. In the most remote courtyard, there was a young man living there.

This young man had delicate features, but there was an extremely ruthless look in his eyes, as though he would never admit defeat. His personality was tyrannical, and he wouldn't compromise on anything. It was precisely because of this that he wasn't liked by the clan, and he couldn't get along well with anyone.

"I, Zhou Yang, will always adhere to my ideals, and I will never back down. Even if the world doesn't accept me, I will still continue walking down this path."

Zhou Yang paced back and forth in his own courtyard. There were some formations placed around the courtyard, locking him up. Clearly, he was being punished.

"Mhm? I'm a step too late. "

The instant Gu Chensha arrived at this courtyard, he saw a ray of light appear on Zhou Yang's body, as if some sort of mysterious power had been bestowed upon him. Gu Chensha saw that it was a system formed from the will of the old world.

"The Immortal Eternal Creation System has been activated. Host, please receive information …" A voice sounded in the depths of Zhou Yang's mind.

"The will of the old world has sensed my arrival, so it has been bestowing a fortuitous encounter upon him.

It's like I'm preparing to draw on a piece of white paper, but the will of the old world has already begun to paint on it, "Gu Chensha frowned.