Chapter 530
===========

Almost all the Saint families' grotto-heavens were classified as minor chiliocosms. It was the same for the Mystical Immortal Dao Sects. Even the Mystical Sect of the Universe, which Chang Yuzhou had founded, had only been a minor chiliocosm after so many years of operation. It had yet to advance to a medium-class world.

Among the 72 Mystical Immortal Dao Sects, only the first-ranked Mystical Gate of Heaven Earth was a medium-class world. This was also why the Mystical Gate of Heaven Earth had always been ranked first.

The ancient Buddha had once divided the world. It was said that 1,000 microscopic worlds were equivalent to a minor chiliocosm, 1,000 minor chiliocosms were equivalent to a medium chiliocosm, and 1,000 medium chiliocosms were equivalent to a large chiliocosm. It was extremely difficult to turn a microscopic world into a minor chiliocosm.

For example, if a god created his own world and worked hard to condense the world into a physical form, it would be a microscopic world.

If he wanted to become a Minor Chiliocosm, that wasn't something he could do. He had to establish a sect and nurture many Deity level experts. Generation after generation, after over a thousand years of accumulation, accumulation, and transformation, it would finally become a Minor Chiliocosm.

The power of a minor chiliocosm was immense. It encompassed an area of space and could easily trap God-level experts.

Among the many aristocratic families in the Divine Continent, only the School of Legalism's Warlock Saint had returned and wanted to elevate a Minor Chiliocosm to a Medium Chiliocosm. Gu Chensha had entered the School of Legalism to steal the power of the world and six Dharma treasures. It just so happened that 13 God-level experts had wanted to elevate their Warlock Saint. They had borrowed the power of the world's advancement to revive the Warlock Saint.

However, because Gu Chensha had stolen six treasures and a lot of world power, as well as the damage caused by the arrival of the Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor, he had not succeeded in the end. He was still at the border between a minor chiliocosm and a medium-class world.

The Legalism had collected those treasures because they wanted to use their materials to shatter them during the advancement and fuse them into the grotto-heavens to strengthen the foundations of the world. However, Gu Chensha had secretly taken advantage of them.

In the 72 Mystical Immortal Dao Sects, there had been a rule. Only sects with a minor chiliocosm were qualified to enter. Apart from that, not even God-level experts could enter. God-level experts created microscopic worlds. It was still too early for them to become minor chiliocosms.

Metaphorically speaking, the Minute Dust World was like a cultivator who had just stepped into the first transformation of the Dao Realm.

On the other hand, those in the small world had cultivated the Glass Jade Body. The gap between the two was obvious.

The ancient supreme Buddha once said that only a thousand tiny worlds could compare to a small chiliocosm.

The Tranquil Immortal Department's Common People's Wish sphere was about to be promoted to a Minor Chiliocosm. Its essence was sufficient, and the power of the world was abundant. All it lacked was a Deity level expert to take care of it.

This was like a rich man preparing a huge pile of top-notch ingredients, such as bear paws, monkey brains, bird's nest, ginseng, and so on, but he still lacked a top chef to cook these top-notch ingredients into a delicacy.

This was actually the greatest flaw of the Calming Immortal Department. The people of the Calming Immortal Department knew this, and so did the other experts.

This was also the reason why the Martial Emperor wanted to seize the Martial Saint's Paradise first. The Martial Saint's Paradise was a Minor Chiliocosm that the Martial Emperor himself didn't have.

The Martial Emperor was now at the Thirty-First Transformation, the realm of creating things out of nothing. He could create his own tiny world, but there was no other way to turn the tiny world into a Minor Chiliocosm. He had to slowly accumulate it for several thousand years, and he also had to painstakingly manage it. He simply did not have that much time. This was why he wanted to snatch the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven.

"This time, Your Highness has once again stolen a massive amount of world energy from the Martial Sage's Grotto-Heaven. Our Celestial Tranquility Department has accumulated enough, so it's time for the final transformation to transform into a Minor Chiliocosm. Only then will we be able to truly compete with the Mystical Immortal Dao Sects and even surpass most of the Mystical Immortal Dao Sects. Originally, the Book of Heavenly Demon was already at the level of a Minor Chiliocosm, but it's a pity that the ancient demon race sages who created this book perished one after another. The book itself has encountered many tribulations and degenerated into a tattered state. Goddess Hu Gu established a sect and gathered incense and faith in order to restore this book, but it's still beyond her capabilities. Our Celestial Tranquility Department has fused countless Dharma treasures into it, transforming it into the Will of the People Sphere.

Zhuge Ya calculated carefully. Suddenly, his body shone brightly and he actually broke through to the Undying Body of the Dao Realm 25 Transformation.

This time, it was all thanks to the Heaven-Defying Outlier Pill Gu Chensha had left behind in the Tree of Wishes.

The Lord of Seven Stars was the most powerful of the saints, and in truth, she had also been inspired by the Heavenly Daos. Furthermore, Gu Chensha's experience in resisting the Heavenly Daos had been especially beneficial to Zhuge Ya.

As Zhuge Ya revolved the sphere, he could feel that it was about to level up. The power of the world enveloped his magical power, which would naturally allow his magical power to be perfected and level up to the "Undying Body" of the twenty-fifth transformation.

"Hm?" Within the Common People's Wish Academy.

Lou Baiyue was also meditating. She could communicate with the Common People's Wish sphere at any time and borrow its power to temper herself. She had also obtained the Heaven-Defying Outlier Pill Gu Chensha had left behind in the Tree of Wishes. She was slowly refining and absorbing it, gaining a lot of insight.

Large amounts of world power flowed into the sphere. As one of the creators of the sphere, she felt the benefits were enormous.

"Ever since Chensha cultivated the Heavenly Daos, he's been gathering resources from all over the place. The entire sphere's advancement is almost inconceivable. It's saved us thousands of years of bitter cultivation." Lou Baiyue sighed inwardly. Suddenly, she had an epiphany, and her body flickered. There seemed to be a vast bloodline in her body that was slowly being activated. This was a bloodline bestowed upon her by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

Although she wasn't the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's daughter, bestowing a bloodline wasn't a problem.

"I've finally grasped onto something …"

Within the Martial Saint's Paradise, Gu Chensha was constantly stealing the enormous amount of world power stored within. He could sense that this paradise's reserves were practically limitless, not the slightest bit inferior to the reserves of all Legalism Realms. It was clear that aside from the Dharma Saint, the Wu family wasn't simple either.

"Treasure? The Wu family's treasure. "

As Gu Chensha was stealing world power and pouring it into the Life's Wish sphere, he was also searching for the Wu family's treasures.

The Wu family definitely wanted to elevate the Martial Saint's Paradise to a medium-class world. They would definitely search for all sorts of primordial treasures in all sorts of space-time turbulences, the depths of the Demonic Domain, the depths of the earth, and the depths of the ocean to nourish the world.

If he could find the Wu family's treasures and obtain them all, the Life's Wish sphere would be one step closer to a medium-class world.

The Calmness Immortal Department didn't have any God level experts. If he wanted to elevate, he could only continuously accumulate power and slowly recuperate.

Just like when Gu Chensha ascended to the Dao realm, he had accumulated too much, and in the end, he killed himself.

Gu Chensha's sense of treasure hunting was one of the best in the world. In that instant, he saw an independent space deep within the layers of space-time within the Martial Saint's Paradise. Within that space, treasure lights flickered. Almost all of them were primordial treasures.

He looked over and realized that there were at least four divine artifacts on the same level as the Three Realms Seal and Buzhou Palace.

One was a tortoise shell with nine palaces on it. It was actually a tortoise shell left behind by the ancient Black Tortoise. It had been refined into an artifact by some primordial almighty being.

This artifact suppressed an area and constantly operated. If one hid within it, their defense would be top-notch.

There was also a large flag with thousands of immortal figures drawn on it. They were all very lifelike. They were either moving clouds and rain, melting mountains, opening up rivers, or absorbing star power …

"This is a primordial treasure, the Ten Thousand Immortals World Opening Flag."

Gu Chensha was very knowledgeable. "It was refined by an extremely powerful Saint from the ancient era. It actually ended up in the Wu family?"

Then, there were two other artifacts. One was a copper basin that flickered with treasure lights. Talismans flowed within the basin as if many things like Fate, Spiritual Qi, and Immortal Qi in the world were continuously gathering into the basin. The other was a long spear that was filled with demonic qi. It was actually refined by a Demon God.

"The Natural Treasure Basin and the Great Immortal Slaying Spear recorded in the Scripture of Hell Suppression. Not bad, not bad. They are all good treasures."

Gu Chensha rushed forward and mobilized the power of the Life's Wish sphere. With a slight sweep, the four magic treasures were all sucked into the sphere. Next, they were all sent into the sphere. Within the sphere, the Wish Tree shone brightly. The Black Tortoise baby jumped up and saw the ancestor's tortoise shell.

The four treasures were all absorbed by the Tree of Wishes. Amidst the raging winds and scudding clouds, the Black Tortoise baby sensed an immense amount of ancestral power coming from the Tree of Wishes. With a loud roar, its entire body became like a small mountain, as though it had evolved significantly.

"Wonderful. The Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven is indeed an aristocratic clan that has operated for seven or eight thousand years. Even a rotten ship has three pounds of nails, let alone a Saint's aristocratic clan."

Zhuge Ya stood up and couldn't contain his joy. "That Natural Treasure Basin is a Natural Spiritual Treasure. Although it doesn't have any offensive or defensive power and is very weak among Natural Spiritual Treasures, its effect isn't simple. It gathers many dimensional powers and ferments them within. Then, many artifacts and elixirs will be born from the basin.

With this basin, it will be very easy for a sect to nurture disciples. They will no longer lack resources. This treasure's function is equivalent to a smaller Heavenly Demon Tree. After the Wish Tree devours it, the tree's function will be even stronger. "

These primordial treasures weren't left behind. They were devoured one by one to increase the power of the sphere and the Wish Tree.

One true artifact was enough. It wasn't good to be greedy. Right now, the Calm Immortal Department wasn't so extravagant to have so many divine artifacts. Rumble!

After absorbing these four treasures, the Wish Tree expanded again and covered the surroundings. Its roots and the sphere's crystal wall were completely permeated.

And at the top of the Wish Tree, the Wish God that looked exactly like Gu Chensha slowly opened its eyes and looked at the world. Under its gaze, the world energy in the sphere started to circulate according to a certain pattern.

"Just a little bit more. Just a little bit more and the entire sphere will turn into a Minor Chiliocosm." Zhuge Ya was very perceptive.