Chapter 727
===========

"Right now, you clans should contact each other. Don't act rashly."

Maha Chengfeng said, "Gu Chensha and the Martial Saint have also calculated certain things. They are no fools. They know that Xian Province is a place The Great Spirit God has painstakingly managed for ten thousand years, and The Great Spirit God is one of Gu Chensha's greatest enemies. He can't afford to relax. If you make too big of a move, you'll be wiped out immediately. I can't bear to see the fire that you've painstakingly gathered extinguish just like that."

The Celestial Designer Institution had been secretly developing among the common people and fighting against the Celestial Calmness Department. There was a large number of merchant guilds among the common people, and many clans had secretly established relations with the Celestial Designer Institution.

From a certain point of view, although the Tan Clan worshiped the Great Spirit God, they were actually supported by the Celestial Designer Institution.

Today, Maha Chengfeng came to warn the Tan Clan, which meant that the Great Spirit God and the Immortal Master had reached some kind of agreement.

There were many such clans in Xian Province, and they relied on the Celestial Designer Institution to expand and expand.

After all, there were currently two great powers in the court. One was the Celestial Calmness Department, and the other was the Celestial Designer Institution. No matter which side one sided with, one would be able to obtain great benefits.

These years, the Celestial Designer Institution had been developing in secret, gaining great support among the common people. The Celestial Calmness Department had seen this, but they had no way to stop it.

After all, the Immortal Master's support was equivalent to having the entire prehistoric civilization as their foundation.

There was another point, and that was that the Celestial Calmness Department had too many enemies. The Dharma Saint, Wan Senshi, The Great Spirit God, the demons, the barbarians, and many other immortal dao sects and clans. Apart from the three Celestial Masters, there was also the Sun-Moon Lord, Gu Chensha.

With all these people, Gu Chensha would be exhausted, and the Celestial Calmness Department would be caught off guard. How could they have the time to plan against the Celestial Designer Institution? They could only do their best to stop the Celestial Designer Institution's expansion.

"We will listen to Lord Chengfeng's arrangements." The Tan Clan Lord lowered his head.

"Very good." Maha Chengfeng nodded in satisfaction. At this time, the Martial Sage and Gu Chensha were already standing on the Great Stone Wall.

"Lord Martial Saint, look, this is the Great Wall of Stone. It stands on the border and was completed in the first year of the Heavenly Talisman Era. It's so tall that it reaches the clouds, and it's as hard as steel. Its foundation is deep in the ground, and it's condensed into a dragon's vein. Even spells can't destroy it, let alone the Barbarian Race's cavalry."

Gu Chensha explained to the Martial Saint, "Back then, it was precisely this Great Wall of Stone that withstood the barbarian's repeated attacks, allowing the world to recover its vitality and win the war. That was how the great counterattack that took place fifteen years after the Heavenly Talisman. Now, our imperial court has already penetrated deep into the Wilderness, expanding our territory. Countless cities and roads have been built, further compressing the living space of the barbarians. They basically have no ability to fight back." "The Heavenly Talisman Emperor is truly a man of great talent and bold vision."

The Martial Saint said, "Actually, the Central Divine Prefecture is the center of the myriad worlds, the core of the Land of Infinity. It is also where the authority of the Heavenly Realm resides. Since ancient times, the one who could completely control the Divine Prefecture was the Emperor.

The highest Dao of cultivation was not the creation and destruction of countless worlds, nor was it the crossing of countless universes. Instead, it was the ability to control the Central Divine Prefecture and establish order.

Just look at the dimensional realm that the three Empyreans created. They have raised countless Divinity level and Saint level masters, but they have never dared to enter the Central Divine Continent and shoulder the karma of all living beings. This is because they know that once they do so, they will perish. "

Gu Chensha stood on top of the Great Wall of Stone and observed the inside and outside of the Great Wall with the Martial Sage.

Within the Great Wall, it was a scene of prosperity and peace. In the Divine Prefecture, other than the Sin Province in the center where Devil Qi was boiling, the moment Devil Qi appeared in other places, it would immediately be suppressed and killed by lightning.

Moreover, ever since the Tranquil Immortal Department launched a major counterattack against the Demon Race, many of the people's forces had been completely mobilized. Countless heroes and warriors, disciples of noble clans, and experts of the common people rushed to Sin Province, using all of their methods to kill the Demon Race and obtain merit and wealth.

Naturally, there were many talented people among them, and they were all recorded by the Calming Immortal Department.

The Central Plains of the Divine Prefecture continued to erupt with fortuitous encounters, and the trend was becoming more and more intense.

Experts and talents among the common people appeared one by one, and there were even some who had cultivated above the 20th Transformation of the Dao Realm. Some were even close to the 27th Transformation of Seamless Two Realms, the 28th Transformation of Shattering Vacuum, the 29th Transformation of comprehending Primal Chaos, and even the 30th Transformation of Divinity level experts.

For example, there were many people like Ling Shaofei, who would chase after fortuitous encounters as long as they walked on the road.

Of course, Ling Shaofei was the reincarnation of a Spirit Star and a Flying Star. They had actually fused into one person, and he had been recruited by Zhuge Ya. Now, he was also a member of the Calming Immortal Department.

There were many hidden dragons and crouching tigers among the common people, and there were many such people who had appeared. These matters were all left to Zhuge Ya to recruit. Even if he failed to recruit them, he had to keep a close eye on them to prevent them from being plundered by the enemy and becoming a scourge.

It had to be known that back then, when hundreds of thousands of stars had descended into the mortal world, less than a tenth of the total number of star reincarnations had appeared. There were still many star reincarnations who had yet to appear. However, the Lord of the Sun and Moon had finally appeared in the mortal world, and this sort of attraction attracted many star reincarnations to join him.

Originally, when the Lord of the Sun and Moon hadn't appeared, the king of the star reincarnations had been the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya.

With Zhuge Ya's prowess, he had been able to recruit many people who had reincarnated from the stars in the past. However, after the Lord of the Sun and Moon appeared, things were completely different. In fact, to a certain extent, Zhuge Ya's own Birth Matrix was also suppressed by the Lord of the Sun and Moon.

For example, the Lord of the Sun and Moon could command the stars. So long as he secretly activated his own power, Zhuge Ya wouldn't be able to draw upon the power of the seven stars, and all of his magical techniques would be greatly reduced.

Of course, Zhuge Ya's cultivation was no longer dependent on the profundities of the seven stars. He was walking his own path. Originally, he had acquired the ancient Jiang Gongwang's profundities of the seven stars, which allowed him to break free of the fate of the Lord of Seven Stars. He was no longer bound by the Heavenly Dao. However, at the end of the day, he could only reach the peak of the thirty-six transformations, Embodiment Transformation.

If he wanted to become an Empyrean, he would have to gain enlightenment of Divergents, and then break through the shackles that had been placed upon him.

In this regard, the Calming Immortal Agency had a huge advantage. Gu Chensha had refined a Martial Emperor, and had gained a great deal of experience. Furthermore, he had learned all of the experiences of the Heaven-Defying Divergent King, Xing Qiongshi. When it came to researching Divergents, if the Calming Immortal Agency claimed to be second, no one could claim to be first.

In fact, Gu Chensha had already thoroughly understood the Heaven-Defying Divergent Pill. He was also using his cultivation base and knowledge to make the Heaven-Defying Divergent Pill even more perfect, so that people who consumed it would truly become divergent.

However, he still hadn't reached the point where he could transform the Heaven-Defying Divergent Pill.

This was because he hadn't gained enlightenment of Divergents. His talent was still that of an Innate Saint. Of course, he was different from other Innate Saints in that he had cultivated a Heavenly Dao Magic. In some ways, he had changed his fate.

Back when he had been slain by the Immortal-Slaying God Slaying Flying Dagger, he had been reborn. He no longer had any fate, and had cultivated a Heavenly Dao Magic based on the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Grand Emperor.

Right now, Gu Chensha had many breakthroughs. Firstly, he had advanced to the Deity Realm. Secondly, he had become a Divergent.

As long as he broke through any one of these two, his cultivation base would advance greatly. Naturally, it was the same for the Martial Saint before him. The Martial Saint was also comprehending the Dao of Divergent in the depths of the core. Moreover, his comprehension had already reached the most crucial point. As long as he comprehended a little more, he would be able to break through to the Empyrean Realm.

Originally, even if one became a Divergent, it would still be extremely difficult to break through to the Empyrean Realm. For example, Chang Weiyang had long comprehended the Divergent Dao and had long cultivated to the peak of the 36 transformations. However, he simply couldn't break through to the Empyrean Realm. Hence, he decided to fight Yi Yu, attempting to break through in a life-and-death battle.

However, the Martial Saint was different. As the true progenitor who created the Martial Dao, the Martial Saint was one of the strongest Innate Saints of the ancient humans. Regardless of merit, accumulation, or comprehension, he was much stronger than Chang Weiyang.

Moreover, the Wu Clan had always been very prosperous. Generation after generation, they had worshipped the Martial Saint, so the Martial Saint did not completely disappear. Instead, they had contributed a lot to the Martial Saint's strength after his rebirth.

Therefore, after the Martial Saint was reborn, the first thing he did was to cooperate with Gu Chensha, making the Wu Clan submit to the Calming Immortal Department. This was also for the sake of the clan. If the clan continued to stir up trouble with people like the Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong, it was likely that all the disciples of the Wu Clan would become sacrifices for the Dharma Saint.

Only by cooperating with the Calming Immortal Department could the Wu Clan regain its former glory and even expand. Moreover, it would be able to avoid destruction in this chaotic situation.

If the Martial Emperor and the Sun-Moon Master had done what they did, the Wu Clan would already be gone.

"Inside and outside the Great Wall, there is only a vast expanse …" The Martial Saint felt the scenery inside and outside the Great Wall. His eyes looked at the Desolate Land and the Divine Land. He felt that all the emotions of the common people were in his emotions.

"Back then, when I created the Martial Dao and created the True Essence of Martial Arts, it was so that the common people could reach this stage one day. The world could prosper first, and the people of the Divine Land could become the true masters of the Heavenly Realm, the masters of the myriad realms.

Unfortunately, all this time, humans have struggled bitterly to survive here. It was only when the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor descended that the people of the Divine Land saw true hope. From then on, the Divine Land had the appearance of the Divine Land … "The Martial Saint seemed to be immersed in the history of the past and present. Rumble!

Gu Chensha seemed to have sensed something. Inside and outside the Divine Land, everyone who pursued the Martial Dao seemed to have sensed something. Every person who practiced martial arts and pursued the True Essence of Martial Dao had the shadow of the Martial Saint. If the Martial Dao existed, the Martial Saint would not die. If the Martial Dao existed, the Martial Saint would not perish.

From a certain point of view, the Martial Saint seemed to have become a representative, an eternal existence of the Martial Dao's will.

"The Martial Saint has actually started to break through."

Gu Chensha was overjoyed. He suddenly stretched out his hand and pressed his palm on the Martial Saint's back. "I will lend you a hand. The Heavenly Dao will expand your spirit." .....