Chapter 1030
============

CHAPTER 1027 Chapter 1027: Conservation Theory

Mister None's strength was unfathomable and one couldn't tell that he had reached some mysterious realm. However, be it the Emperor Long Zai Tian or Long Xiang Tian, they were all very respectful towards him.

Gu Chensha just looked at the three of them and realized that Mister None's strength was actually at Undying Realm Level 9.

From this, one could see that this Mister None was definitely a powerful existence that was evolved from that terrifying thing.

Facing this Mister None, Gu Chensha had absolute confidence in suppressing him. However, he also had to prevent the other party from destroying the entire world and destroying countless lives.

The universe of the Eternal Continent was extremely huge and many people had cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra. They had started to give the world their spirit power, enriching it. If Gu Chensha and Mister None were to fight, then this vast universe would instantly turn into nothingness. The shockwaves might even spread to other universes. If that happened, Jiang Ge didn't know how long it would take for the world to recover.

Therefore, he had to ensure that nothing went wrong. He had to destroy this scourge, Mister None, while benefiting the world.

Right now, everyone in the human world who had cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra was Gu Chensha's wealth. He definitely couldn't allow any of them to be lost.

Only by expanding the world would Gu Chensha's cultivation base break through completely and reach the strongest realm. He would be able to comprehend the tenth level of the Dao of Undying.

At this moment, in the study room of the palace, Mister None, Emperor Long Zai Tian and Minister Long Xiang Tian were still discussing this matter.

Emperor Long Zai Tian's intention was clear. No matter what, they had to harvest the Heaven Dao Energy here and reach the Heaven Dao Realm. Once they reached the Heaven Dao Realm, many things would become much more convenient.

Actually, Emperor Long Zai Tian didn't really trust Mister None and Long Xiang Tian. However, both parties were united by benefits. If not for Mister None and Long Xiang Tian, the current Emperor Long Zai Tian wouldn't have cultivated to this stage.

"There's no rush in harvesting the Heaven Dao Energy."

Mister None warned again, "If you start harvesting, you will attract Gu Chensha's attention. When that time comes, the gains won't make up for the losses. Look at Zhao Jiangshan. He was the first Heaven Dao Realm expert, but he was suppressed and turned into a cow. Now, he's still toiling and being led by the nose by others to open up the void and create one world after another. He's tired to death every second. I don't think you want to become such an existence. For example, the Emperor Of Heaven. He also reached the Heaven Dao Realm, but Gu Chensha seized the opportunity and turned him into a medicinal pill. He's even more miserable than Fa Wuxian.

Right now, only Zhang Ziran and Gu Huasha are experts in the Heaven Dao Realm. Why didn't Gu Chensha kill the two of them? Actually, Gu Huasha is his brother after all. Zhang Ziran is the Lord of the Human World, so he has some connection with the Human World. If he kills him, I'm afraid there will be some instinctive fluctuations in the Human World, which will be disadvantageous to the overall situation. However, as he gradually realizes his plan, the two of them will have a hard time escaping death. So, whoever reaches the Heaven Dao Realm will be in grave danger. " "Let me think about this." Emperor Long Zai Tian went into deep thought.

"In that case, let's go to another universe.

When Your Majesty has made up your mind, come and inform us. "Mister None and Long Xiang Tian nodded and left the palace. At the same time, they left this universe in an instant. The universe of the Eternal Continent could not bind them at all. They stood in the boundless void, looking at the Human World.

Right now, the human world was already a whole made up of countless universes. It was like a wonderful bubble. Many bubbles represented universes. Among them, there were big bubbles and small bubbles. Then, between the bubbles was the crystal wall. If one didn't cultivate to the Sky Origin Realm or even the Ancestor Realm, it would be impossible to pass through these universes and the crystal wall.

"This is the entire Human World, it's expanding at an extraordinary speed. Look, within the cosmos and within the cosmos, there are many flashing dots. These flashing dots are constantly emitting energy, causing the cosmos to rapidly expand. As the number of flashing dots increases, the cosmos' expansion speed also increases. Those flashing dots are the people who have successfully cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra."

Mister Wuwu pointed at the interior of the Human Realm. "However, at this rate of expansion, it will only end in destruction. The void is also limited. When the expansion of the Human Realm reaches the limit of the void, both sides will expand and eventually explode like bubbles. Everything will turn into nothingness." "So, what we need to do now is to stop Gu Chensha's expansion?" Long Xiang Tian asked.

"Yes, the purpose of my existence is to stop this from happening. The purpose of our existence is to restore everything to the void, to achieve the Void, to maintain a balance between the heavens and the earth. Of course, Gu Chensha is the biggest unstable factor.

He must be eliminated, completely eliminated. Only then can the heavens and the earth maintain a balance, and not be destroyed by the final destruction. "

Mister None said, "The Human World can't expand anymore. If it does, everything will be destroyed. It's like a person who eats too much and dies from bloating."

"In the eyes of many, Gu Chensha is a good thing. His philosophy is to let the world expand, not to absorb all the energy in the world. Actually, this is also a bad thing."

Long Xiang Tian said, "When things reach an extreme, they move in the opposite direction. The current Gu Chensha has gone to the other extreme."

"In the previous world, even if an existence that could devour all things appeared and devoured everything in the world, it was actually a process of energy compression. When the energy compression reached its limit, it would produce a big explosion and turn into all things in the world again. This cycle of destruction and rebirth, the energy of the world is conserved and fixed.

But since Gu Taxian appeared out of nowhere, it caused the energy to lose its balance. However, the Heavenly Dao could still suppress it. But then Gu Chensha appeared, and this person became even worse. He created the Dragonless Heart Sutra, turning everyone into something other than energy, causing the current world to be very unstable. Don't look at how the world is getting bigger and bigger.

It's becoming more and more prosperous. In fact, the universe is in a dangerous situation, and it could be destroyed at any time. This kind of destruction is true destruction. "

Mister Wu Wu said, "However, I do have a plan now. As long as we kill Gu Chensha first, then kill those who have cultivated the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique, we'll be able to restore order to the universe and walk the right path."

"Disciple simply has a deep hatred for Gu Chensha. Anyway, as long as I can kill Gu Chensha, disciple will not object. Disciple just wants to kill Gu Chensha, destroy everything of him."

Long Xiang Tian said, "Moreover, I don't want Gu Chensha to die so quickly. He turned Fa Wuxian into a dog and humiliated him. I will turn him into a dog in the future." "As for Fa Wuxian, you can use a plan," Mister None said.

Mister Wu Wu said, "He was also nurtured by me. Although he was captured by Gu Chensha and turned into a dog, he didn't lose any of his strength. Instead, the hatred in his heart will only grow stronger and stronger, and his power will be stimulated. With just a little bit of catalysis, his cultivation base will reach the Heavenly Dao Realm, and he might even be close to the Undying Realm. At that time, his seal and imprisonment will be broken, and he will be able to release his hatred towards Gu Chensha's subordinates." "Teacher, disciple will handle this matter." Long Xiang Tian rubbed his palms.

As long as it was something to deal with Gu Chensha, he would be happy to do it. His hatred for Gu Chensha was only second to Fa Wuxian. "But Teacher, I think that Long Zai Tian is also using us. He will soon harvest the Heavenly Dao and become a Heavenly Dao Realm expert, which will hinder our plan." "Long Zai Tian is not a problem."

Mister None waved his hand. "I can kill him with a snap of my fingers. However, he is still useful. In fact, he is the Son of Heavenly Dao that was born in the Eternal Continent. If we can reform him, change him, and make him hate Gu Chensha to the bone, then cause a storm in the universe, spreading our theory of the balance of the universe, and refuting Gu Chensha's fallacies, that will be our greatest victory. However, if he is stubborn, I can only do more to kill him. Then, I will choose another Son of Heavenly Dao. "

"Let's go to the next universe and change the Son of Heavenly Dao." Long Xiang Tian knew what Mister None wanted to do. Whoosh! The two of them disappeared and went to another universe.

"Mister None, interesting. There seems to be a change. A part of that terrifying thing that was born has split into Mister None." Gu Chensha had everything under control.

However, he didn't follow Mister None's footsteps to capture him. Instead, he appeared beside Long Zai Tian.

Long Zai Tian was in the midst of contemplating how to harvest the Heavenly Energy in this place when a person suddenly appeared beside him. Immediately, he jumped in fright and immediately wanted to attack Gu Chensha. Unfortunately, Gu Chensha waved his hand and he couldn't move at all.

"The Son of Heavenly Dao of the Eternal Continent, the person who came into being at the right time, the emperor of the empire, Long Zai Tian. I am Gu Chensha. "Gu Chensha revealed his identity.

Long Zai Tian was so frightened that his entire body began to tremble. "You are the creator of all things, the lord of all things, the source of all things, the source of all wisdom, the ultimate form of everything, the Ancient Dust Sand."