Chapter 233
===========

The sky was filled with stars and a gentle breeze blew. The night was really peaceful and comfortable.

Tiger Leopard Alliance Third Leader Ding Sanpo and Priest Nie walked out of the Rain Admiration Pavilion.

"This group of scholars is useless. They just loaf around all day and do nothing. Moreover, they are like ants. I can crush ten thousand of them with one hand. I don't know why the heir thinks so highly of them," Nie Daozhang said disdainfully after he went out.

"The brush of scholars is even stronger than the blade. They have a lot of power in the world."

Ding Sanpo smiled bitterly, "We can't offend these people. Moreover, the prince definitely has a use for them. How can we guess? We can only risk our lives to serve the prince."

"Very good, you are loyal to the prince. I will report this to him and ask him to reward you. As long as you can accumulate enough merits, it won't be hard for the prince to give you a Morality Pill."

Priest Nie nodded. "Also, use the Tiger Leopard League's power to search for information on the two snakes. They have some cultivation. If I capture them and pluck their yin to nourish my yang, I can break through the Eight Changes realm and reach the Nine Changes realm." "Can you do anything to them, Taoist priest?"

Ding Sanpo was really careful, "I heard that monsters can only turn their bodies into human form when they reach a really high realm."

"That isn't the case. The two snakes had a fortuitous encounter and obtained a talisman crafted by the Monster Race Saint. They can actually use the talisman to turn into human form but the monster energy is still there. If I am not wrong, they are just at Transformation Seven, so it won't be hard for me to capture them."

Priest Nie said, "They are monsters from Mount Shouyang and belong to the Ten Thousand Dragon Nest. Their appearance here might spoil the prince's plans."

"The prince personally came to Wuzhou and spread news that he is recruiting heroes. He is actually giving out news of the Ancient Dragon Raising Pill. That is something that can turn one into a genius. Aren't you afraid that people will be jealous?" Ding Sanpo asked.

"The prince has his own reasons." Priest Nie frowned, "I can't guess it either." "Priest, my Tiger Leopard Alliance has prepared dozens of beautiful virgins for you."

Ding Sanpo suddenly said respectfully, "They are for you to use to increase your cultivation. I hope that you can give me some pointers." "Very good, you are very filial."

Nie Daozhang laughed. "I'll teach you the Plucking Secret Art. That demonic Yinyang Scholar was still my junior."

Ding Sanpo suddenly thought of something. "However, Daoist Leader, you absolutely cannot kill those women. Otherwise, there will be trouble. If something happens, it will cause problems for the Heir Apparent. The laws of the Imperial Court are extremely strict."

"You don't have to worry about that. I'm just taking their Yin Qi. After that, I'll give them medicine to make up for it. At most, they'll lose some of their lifespan." Priest Nie said, "I know what I'm doing, and I won't learn from those old devils, who just pluck them until they die. Even if they die, it will be decades later. " "That's good."

Ding Sanpo nodded. "Actually, if this were an ordinary Imperial Court, with Daoist Priest's divine abilities, you would be able to do as you please. Why would I care about these things? " Nie Daozhang frowned and didn't reply.

"Sure enough, snakes and rats are in cahoots."

Gu Chensha was in the Rain Admiration Pavilion and heard everything clearly. With his cultivation, he was at the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body and his hearing and eyesight were really sharp. At this moment, killing intent rose up in his heart, but thinking about it, he didn't want to alert the enemy. Gu Tanjian would come to Wuzhou in three days, so it was best if he hid first.

After chatting with those scholars for a while, the sky had already turned dark. Everyone returned to their own rooms to sleep. Gu Chensha quietly concealed his body and flew up. He wanted to find the green and white snakes and calculate the astrological signs again in the desolate mountain ridges. Otherwise, he would cause an anomaly in the city. Sou! He was invisible and flew out of Wuzhou City. In just a moment, he was in the nearby mountains.

There were many beautiful mountains outside of Wuzhou City. There were many deep pools and waterfalls, and the weather was nice. Many people would come to the mountains to tour or climb high up to look into the distance. However, there were few people in the deeper parts of the mountains.

During the day, a bunch of princes found a broken temple. They saw two beauties and went to flirt with them, which was why they suffered such a huge loss.

Gu Chensha stood high in the sky and looked around. He used his Sun and Moon Dragon Eye to sweep hundreds of miles around. Even bugs could be seen clearly. Although it wasn't as good as the Heaven Eye Hanging Space at Dao Realm Sixteen Transformation, it wasn't something that normal people could compare to. After scanning the area for a while, he discovered some clues. Suddenly, his body landed in front of a broken temple in the mountains.

The dilapidated temple occupied a large area, but it was in ruins everywhere. Spiders had formed webs, and some of the halls were covered in dust. The statues were also covered in bird droppings. It was unknown which ancient deity's temple belonged to.

Ever since the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Monarch abolished the worship of the gods, many temples in the world became dilapidated. No one worshiped them and they lost their incense. Some of the worshipers were dismissed and there were many such dilapidated temples in the mountains.

In front of the temple was a giant square. There were stone tripods, stone stoves, stone tablets, stone qilins, stone cranes, and one could tell that this temple had many believers when it was at its peak.

Gu Chensha used the starlight to observe the surroundings. He looked at the inscriptions on the tablets and realized that they were scriptures and teachings. This temple was dedicated to a deity called Hu Gu.

"Aunt Hu? Is she a fox demon that pretends to be a true god? To enjoy the worship of humans? "Gu Chensha thought back to the records in the history books.

Before Heaven Talisman Emperor, many demons pretended to be gods and gathered believers to enjoy incense and cultivate demonic techniques. This was what the officials called worship.

In history, the strongest demon even opened up a space with great power. He proclaimed the Six Paths of Reincarnation and the Eighteen Hells. After death, the souls of people would not return to heaven and earth. Instead, they would enter his so-called Hell Space and become a ghost, becoming the demon's ghost soldiers.

Later on, this peerless demon was defeated by the Immortal Dao. They broke his Hell and Six Paths of Reincarnation, allowing the souls of the dead to return to heaven and earth.

But even so, the Six Paths of Reincarnation and Hell were still deeply rooted in people's hearts. Many people believed that there would be Hell and Reincarnation after death.

A true demon didn't kill and eat people or create chaos in the world. Instead, he changed the order of the people and made them follow his ideology. This was killing people's hearts.

Observing the dilapidated Hu Gu Deity Temple, Gu Chensha recalled the records of various humans, deities, demons, immortals, and ghosts recorded in history. He found it fascinating.

Every time Gu Chensha read, he felt that the peerless demon who created the Eighteen Levels of Hell and Six Paths of Reincarnation was very impressive. This person almost made his ideology orthodox. This was a miracle.

In front of this Aunt Hu temple, there were scriptures that recorded some of the tragic conditions of Hell. It advised people to worship Aunt Hu and be devout in it. After death, they would not enter Hell. This was also following the theory of the peerless demon.

Even the teachings of the Six Paths of Demon Sects and Yama Demon Sects were actually the teachings of the peerless demon.

"History is real and fake. The winner takes all. Set your heart for the heavens and earth."

Gu Chensha sighed. He seemed to have comprehended something and his cultivation level was on the verge of a breakthrough. Heaven, earth, and man seemed to have grasped onto something important.

"Hehehe, sister, it's so late and yet another Elementary Scholar is here. Did the bunch of Elementary Scholars go out to talk to someone?"

At this point, laughter could be heard from within the temple. In a desolate mountain, a broken temple, and a spider's web, it was indeed shocking to hear someone speak human language. But how could Gu Chensha be scared? He pretended to be flustered and almost tripped, "Who is it?

Who cares about demons and ghosts? I am well-read and have a strong sense of righteousness. How dare you come near me? "

"Hehe, hehe." Laughter could be heard again, "He's a bookworm. He's scared to death, but he's still putting up a front."

"Alright, Little Qing, don't scare him. Just chase him away. We still have matters to attend to here." A gentle voice could be heard again.

"My two ladies."

Gu Chensha pretended to be calm this time. He cupped his hands towards the temple and said, "I am one of your companions who offended you this morning. I am deeply sorry for their actions. After my friends returned, they did not repent and invited a powerful Daoist from the Tiger and Leopard League to harm you. I came here late at night to warn you two ladies. " "Oh?"

Hearing Gu Chensha's words, a young lady of about 15 or 16 years of age appeared in front of him. She was dressed in green and was extremely beautiful. She floated in the air in front of him. He pretended to be frightened and took a step back. Since he was pretending to be a scholar, he naturally had to act like one.

From Daoist Nie, he knew that these two ladies were demons and belonged to the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons. This meant that they were definitely related to Demon Sage Li Wanlong.

Gu Tanjian wanted to come to Wu Province, and Demon Sage Li Wanlong also sent demons here. It would be strange if it wasn't for the reincarnation of Wu Qu Xing.

"We are demons and we will eat people. Aren't you afraid?" The young lady in green appeared and floated in the air, continuing to threaten him.

"Not all demons are evil."

Gu Chensha said, "Today, the two of you only taught my friends a lesson. I can tell that you two are kind hearted. That's why I am afraid that you will be harmed by the Daoist, so I came here to report." "What Daoist can capture us?" The young lady in green said in disdain.

"That Daoist is called Nie. He said that he has cultivated to some Eight Transformations of Dao Realm and that you are Seven Transformations or something. He is very confident that you are from some Mount Shouyang." Gu Chensha hurriedly said.

"Oh?"

Shock appeared on the young lady's face. Right as she was about to say something, a gentle voice spread out from the temple, "Little Green, bring this person in."

"Okay." The young lady waved her hands and instantly an energy current lifted Gu Chensha up and flew him into the hall.

"This girl's earth energy is really thick and she definitely isn't at Seven Transformations of Dao Realm." Gu Chensha thought to himself but he didn't probe.

He flew past several layers of damaged halls and landed in the deepest hall. The path outside was blocked and one couldn't walk in at all. They could only fly, so no one could explore the deep hall.

At that moment, Gu Chensha saw a statue of a young lady worshiped in the inner hall. The young lady had a smile on her face and looked very gentle. She didn't have the high and mighty aura of the statue. Everything was clean and tidy.://