Chapter 770
===========

"Immortal Lord, you really are a straightforward person. I can make the decision," said Gu Chensha. "With my royal sister's status, it is indeed a good match for the Lord of Seven Stars.

At the same time, it will send a signal to the people that the Celestial Designer Department is not at odds with the Celestial Designer Department. However, I will continue with the reform of the Celestial Designer Department. No one can stop me. What do you think, Immortal Lord? " "It's impossible for the Celestial Designer Department to reform like this."

The Immortal Lord waved his hand. "You're just stealing the Celestial Designer Department. My years of hard work has gone to waste. Do you think I'll allow you to do that? "

Right now, the Celestial Designer Department was doing quite well in the Wildlands. It had opened up thousands of cities, which were connected by railways. Every day, huge iron carriages whizzed past, and airships and airships rose and fell in the sky. Every day, countless people rushed over from all directions to buy the goods produced by the Celestial Designer Department. They even bought genetic evolution potions and accepted the ideals of the Celestial Designer Department. Within the Celestial Designer Department, one could obtain huge amounts of destiny and sacrifices.

Among the people, the Celestial Designer Department had quite a good reputation. Although it wasn't as good as the Celestial Designer Department, as the population grew, in a few decades, it really might be on par with the Celestial Designer Department.

Unfortunately, the Celestial Designer Department now had 360 God-rank Common People Marshals managing the world. The hearts of the people were united, and if the Celestial Designer Department wanted to continue developing, there would be a huge bottleneck. Apart from that, the Celestial Designer Department also had the Common People King and the Common People Marquis handling all sorts of matters. The Celestial Designer Department didn't have the upper hand at all.

So this time, the Immortal Lord had sent out all the experts of the Mohe family to join the Celestial Designer Department. They would also become officials and fight for faith, power, and hearts of the people against the Common People King and Common People Marquis. Fighting for the hearts of the people was the most important thing.

Gu Chensha had also expected this, so he immediately wanted to nip the Maha Clan in the bud. Otherwise, once the Maha Clan's experts changed their appearances and became officials, they would gain a great reputation among the commoners. At that time, it wouldn't be easy to deal with them openly.

Now, while these experts didn't have any reputation and hadn't won the hearts of the people, it was the best time to deal with them.

The Immortal Master could not allow Gu Chensha to bring the members of the Maha Clan into the Calming Immortal Department and brainwash them into becoming his men.

If it was in the past, the Immortal Master would not have to worry at all, because Gu Chensha did not have the ability to do so. But the current Gu Chensha, his cultivation level was really uncertain.

In the past, the Immortal Master had been able to suppress Gu Chensha with a snap of her fingers. But now, she was afraid that she wouldn't be able to defeat him so easily.

Especially if Gu Chensha used the 100th layer of the Great Divine Land Spell, he could cause great harm to her. Both the Immortal Master and Wan Senshi were deeply fearful of Gu Chensha.

"Immortal Master indeed has a deep foundation."

Gu Chensha knew that the Immortal Master would not agree to him reforming the Calming Immortal Department, but he was confident. "Aren't you afraid that my Calming Immortal Department will make things difficult for you?

You must know that with your current strength, Immortal Master, I'm afraid that you won't be able to withstand an attack from my Calming Immortal Department. My Calming Immortal Department has the Common Life King and the Martial Saint Heavenly Venerables. With two Heavenly Venerables added together, I also have my Heavenly Dao cultivation, a dimensional realm, and many other foundations. In addition, there are also the reincarnations of the 13 Infinite Treasures. Each Infinite Treasure is equivalent to the power of the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd. "

"The Calming Immortal Department has indeed become a great power. It is very difficult for any power in the world to surpass the Calming Immortal Department.

If each of the 13 Infinite Treasures reincarnated became a Heavenly Venerable, then they would be able to fully display the power of the Infinite Treasures. Only then would they be able to match the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd. But that is impossible. Also, do you really think that I don't have other trump cards? "

The Immortal Master smiled. "I'm negotiating with you now because I don't want either side to suffer losses. After all, the world doesn't only have our Heavenly Designer Department and your Calming Immortal Department.

If we two tigers fight, others will benefit. Besides, if you continue to be overbearing, I have absolute confidence that I can kill you! " "Is that so?"

Gu Chensha waved his hand dismissively. "You are relying on the so-called system left behind by the prehistoric civilization. This system was created by the prehistoric civilization in order to replace the operation of the Heavenly Dao and allow all living things to grow.

Unfortunately, this system has already been shattered. It has been damaged by the Heavenly Dao's tribulation, so it can't do anything. After you obtained it, you tried your best to repair it, but it was to no avail. This is because with your Heavenly Longevity Realm, there is no way for you to repair this system.

Of course, you can use this system to display the power of the Heavenly Primordial Realm, but that won't be able to do anything to me. " "How do you know so clearly?" The Immortal Master looked surprised.

"You'll never be able to guess."

Gu Chensha smiled brightly. In the dream world, he met the Immortal Master. The Immortal Master attacked him with his strongest attack. The moment he killed him, all the information about the Immortal Master flowed through his mind. Therefore, he knew all of the Immortal Master's trump cards like the back of his hand.

"It seems that my evaluation of you has increased again." The Immortal Master calmed down.

The Immortal Master calmed down. "The Heavenly Craftsmanship Institute was handed over to me by your father, Gu Taxian. If you try to seize it now, you will be going against your father's will. Also, your father is now fighting against the Heavenly Dao. The mission he gave me was to unify the world, gather all living beings, and restore the system that was left behind by the essence of the prehistoric civilization. This will allow the system to unleash its power and disrupt the Heavenly Dao. This way, he will be able to completely defeat the Heavenly Dao. I am currently accomplishing this task. Your reforms have ruined this grand plan. Not only did you not help your father, you are harming him.

"This?"

Gu Chensha's eyes narrowed. "What you say makes some sense. However, you must remember, the struggle between Father and the Heavenly Dao is actually a kind of cultivation. To reach this level, he doesn't need any help. If he needed help at this level, then he wouldn't have reached this level.

Therefore, I must reform the Heavenly Designer Department. Even if it means two tigers fighting and others taking advantage of me, I must do it. Because if you want to do something big, you will destroy the foundation of the Calming Immortal Department. There can't be two conflicting ideals in the world. All living things must be united. " Gu Chensha's determination to reform the Heavenly Designer Department grew even stronger.

"So you're saying that you're a tortoise that eats the weight of a steelyard and has made up your mind?" Gu Huan Sha said. "For your own power, you don't even care about Father's safety." "Wrong. You're the ones who are destroying Father's safety."

Gu Chensha said, "You're actually planning for yourselves. Immortal Master, I know what you're thinking. Don't try to be righteous here.

You say you want to restore the power of the system left behind by the prehistoric civilization. However, you must know that with your power, it's impossible to restore it. Only I can do it. Because I've cultivated the Heavenly Dao and stabilized it, I can even defeat and devour the will of the Heavenly Realm in the Endless Umbrella.

The way I see it, the best way is for you to give me the system and cultivate it according to my method. Then, together, we can give the Heavenly Dao a heavy blow. If you don't, do you have other selfish motives? How about it? " "Your appetite is getting bigger and bigger. In that case, there's nothing more to say. Let's see what's so amazing about you. "

The Immortal Master suddenly made a grabbing motion with his hand. Instantly, a storm appeared in front of him. Within this storm, a vast civilization could be vaguely seen. In the endless starry skies, there were battleships in great numbers. The power of machinery tore through the void, creating gods and even celestial puppets. This was the strongest prehistoric civilization. This civilization had once posed a threat to the Heavenly Dao. They wanted to create a system to replace the Heavenly Dao. Such a tyrannical civilization had fallen in the long river of time. However, in order to destroy this prehistoric civilization, the Heavenly Dao had also suffered some injuries. Until now, it had not recovered and was suppressed by Ancient Immortal Treading.

"Good. You've finally started to use the power of the system."

Gu Chensha moved and disappeared completely. In the next instant, he appeared behind the Immortal Master with a three-foot-long "Little Hong Meng Tree" in his hand.

The moment the "Little Hong Meng Tree" slashed down, heaven and earth started to collapse. The dense spacetime above the Immortal Master's head started to distort and his protective technique became useless.

Originally, a chaotic ancient creature like the Immortal Master couldn't be defeated. He couldn't even get close to it. He was right in front of her but in reality, who knew how many spacetime dimensions they were separated by? There were even billions of dimensions. Such a realm was many times stronger than the Desolate Dust Realm at the 35th transformation and the Embodiment Transformation at the 36th transformation.

This meant that the Immortal Master could even ignore the attacks of celestial masters. Only the power of medium-sized worlds could threaten the Immortal Master.

But the Immortal Master controlled the mysterious system left behind by the prehistoric civilization. This system had once tried to replace the Heavenly Dao but failed and was destroyed. Now, this system didn't have the power it had in the past and was just a broken thing. But a starving camel was still bigger than a horse. Even in the hands of the Immortal Master, this system could still display power no weaker than the Heaven Sacrifice Decree. It was just that it was difficult for the Immortal Master to activate it. Each time the Immortal Master activated it, he would definitely have to pay a huge price. This was why she was very careful and used it as a trump card.

If it weren't for the fact that Gu Chensha had pushed her too far, to the point of destroying her foundation, she wouldn't have come out and paid a huge price to activate the power of the system to fight back against Gu Chensha.

"Gu Chensha, this little Hong Meng Tree of yours is just a child's toy in front of me. Don't take it out to show off."

The Immortal Master turned around and flicked his finger. The little Hong Meng Tree in Gu Chensha's hand collapsed and turned into little Hong Meng energy that dissipated into the air.