Chapter 780
===========

The Heavenly Dao was not the highest. The era of breaking the restraints of the Heavenly Dao was coming. At that time, all the laws would change and all the truths would be overturned. The conventions that everyone knew would be completely broken. Gu Chensha was looking forward to seeing what would happen in an era without the Heavenly Dao. However, he also had to deal with the tribulation brought about by the collapse of the Heavenly Dao.

Just like in the mortal world, the collapse of a court would bring about a complete loss of order and chaos. The people would have no way to live and war would break out everywhere. At that time, an unparalleled hero would be needed to set things right and restore order.

The collapse of a dynasty was already so terrifying, let alone the collapse of the Heavenly Dao, which had ruled over countless worlds and space-time since ancient times.

The chain reaction brought about by this collapse was not something Gu Chensha could control, but he had to guard against such a situation.

Therefore, he did everything he could to raise his strength. Xing Qiongshi was completely refined into the Divine Land Gourd by him, and his strength increased once again.

Gradually, as the power of the Divine Land flowed in, Xing Qiongshi could no longer cause trouble and could only lie dormant. But now, even Gu Chensha could not destroy Xing Qiongshi's will. Xing Qiongshi was not the North Star Nation.

The North Star Nation was only at the Heavenly Venerable level, while Xing Qiongshi was at the peak of the Heavenly Longevity Realm. If he did not use any treasures or methods and only relied on his own strength, even the Immortal Lord and Wan Senshi would be at a disadvantage in front of the Divine Land's number one fierceness.

Therefore, Gu Chensha could not destroy Xing Qiongshi's will, and he did not want to destroy it, because if he did, the Divine Land Gourd would lose its spirituality and would not be able to raise its power to its peak.

Xing Qiongshi was the creator of the Divine Land's great laws, but his ideals were wrong and he had committed many sins. Not only was he not recognized by the Divine Land, but he was also hated by the Divine Land. Gu Chensha wanted to resolve this. If he could not kill Xing Qiongshi, he would have to make up for his mistakes.

This way, not only could he make up for the shortcomings of the Divine Land, but he could also convert Xing Qiongshi and increase his faith power. Killing Xing Qiongshi would not have that many benefits.

If he could change Xing Qiongshi's mind and thoughts, Gu Chensha's cultivation would improve tremendously. Moreover, if Xing Qiongshi were to wake up and worship the Sphere of the Common People's Wish and the Little Hongmeng Tree, how much benefit would that bring? Xing Qiongshi was a peerless ancient being, and his fate was unique as well. He was a hen that laid golden eggs.

If they killed him, they would at most be able to eat a decent meal of chicken, but if they kept him alive, they would be able to lay golden eggs every day. Even if Gu Chensha was brainless, he would still be able to tell which one was more worthwhile.

It didn't take long for the Divine Land Gourd to completely take shape. This was Xing Qiongshi's entire body.

The current Xing Qiong Clan was much more powerful than the Xing Qiong Clan in the dream world, so the Divine Land Gourd that Gu Chensha had refined was more than ten times more powerful than the Xing Qiong Clan in the dream world.

Moreover, the Gu Chensha in the dream world didn't reach God Realm. Now, Gu Chensha's cultivation was at the Dao Realm 32 Transformation, One Thought Connecting to Heaven. He was close to a Saint. He even swallowed the source of the Lord of Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha stood in the depths of the chaotic space flow. No space storms or universe tides could do anything to him.

He held the Divine Land Gourd and tossed it. Instantly, a bright light shot out from the Divine Land Gourd, causing space to dissipate. In the end, many things appeared from a hidden space node. A pitch-black ball was sucked into the gourd.

Gu Chensha saw that there were many treasures in the pitch-black sphere. There were cardinal treasures left behind by the Ancient Heavenly Sons and True God positions. This was Xing Qiongshi's treasure.

Back then, Xing Qiongshi had killed many ancient emperors. Naturally, he had obtained the treasures of the ancient emperors. Apart from that, Xing Qiongshi had also killed many Real Gods. He had obtained their treasures and the position of Real Gods.

Back then, Gu Chensha had wanted to obtain the true god position of the Gods of Five Seasons. He had gathered them and given them to Liu Yu and the others. Now, the five of them had all cultivated to the Deity level. It was a pity that they hadn't been able to obtain the true god position. This was something they were lacking. He had repeatedly made deals with Xing Qiong Shi, but Xing Qiong Shi had never given him the true god position of the Gods of Five Seasons.

This time, he had completely sealed Xing Qiong Shi. Xing Qiong Shi's treasures naturally belonged to him. The True God throne of the Gods of the Five Seasons and many treasures all belonged to him. Sou!

After obtaining the treasures, he crossed many space barriers and in the next moment, he arrived at the Common People's Wish ball.

From an outsider's point of view, the Common People's Wish ball was only the size of a fist. It looked like an apple hanging on the three-foot-tall Little Hongmeng Tree.

However, the interior of the Common People's Wish ball had more space and more resources. It even had the aura of a Greater Chiliocosm.

Of the thirty-six treasures, fourteen belonged to the Calming Immortal Department. By activating these treasures, the Calming Immortal Department could absorb the energy of the Heavenly Realm to make up for the flaws of the Common People's Wish ball. This greatly increased the ball's defensive and offensive power.

Furthermore, the world had shrunk. The huge World Tree had turned into a Little Hongmeng Tree, which made it easier to hide.

The Little Hongmeng Tree was now only a meter long. If it was hidden in the depths of space, no antique would be able to find it.

This was different from the Warlock Saint's dimensional realm. All of the Dharma Realms were extremely large. As long as one was a God-level expert, they would be able to see the towering dimensional realm that floated in space and time. When an elephant was the size of an ant, but possessed its original strength, it was terrifying. The Calming Immortal Department was in such a state.

Many of the old-timers had been on tenterhooks when they saw the World Tree transform into the Lesser Primordial Tree and vanish. That was because they couldn't see the existence of the Calming Immortal Department, and they didn't know what it was doing. Therefore, they were constantly worried that the Calming Immortal Department would attack them, and they didn't dare to act blindly without thinking.

"Congratulations, Your Highness, on subduing the Xingqiong Clan."

Longevity God was the first to arrive. When he saw Gu Chensha with the Divine Land Gourd, he was overjoyed. "This time, our Calming Immortal Department will soar. From now on, there will be no more obstacles."

"It's not that optimistic." Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Liu Yu, Qian Zhen, Zhou Bu, Jia Liang, Mo Chao. The five of you, step forward. " "Yes, Your Highness!" The five of them flew over and knelt on one knee.

They had all become Divine level experts, and their cultivation bases were surging. In the future, there would be no obstacles for them to become Sages. This was because Gu Chensha had obtained the Sacred Dragon's Qi many years ago, and then used this Sacred Dragon's Qi to deduce a portion of the Sacred Dragon's Heart Sutra, and then used the Sacred Dragon's Heart Sutra to turn the five of them into Natural Sages.

Now, if Gu Chensha had the Qi of the Sacred Dragon, he would be able to deduce more of the Sacred Dragon Mantra. He could even directly find the location of the Raging Desolate Dragon Gate and enter it to obtain the complete version of the Sacred Dragon Mantra. He had already put this matter on the agenda and was going to get it done soon. Sou sou sou sou sou sou! Five True Gods had appeared.

The five of them seemed to have undergone a complete transformation. Their cultivation bases rose steadily, and their auras, lifespans, and even the intrinsic nature of their life force, as well as their karmic luck, were all completely different. They had become true gods, and were no longer ordinary Deity level experts.

The Calming Immortal Department now had six True Gods, and the strongest was Longevity God. He had the True God's Thrones of Fortune, Prosperity, and Longevity, and his cultivation base had reached the peak of the thirty-six transformations. He was in the realm of Embodiment Transformation.

Furthermore, his combat prowess was far beyond that of other old-timers in the same realm. For example, the Black Heaven Earth Gate's Sect Master, Xuan Qiudao, had long since reached the peak of the thirty-six transformations. He had countless secret magics and moves, but if he fought with Longevity God, he would only be humiliating himself.

The combined power of Fortune, Prosperity, and Longevity had already surpassed that of ordinary True Gods.

Moreover, the authority wielded by the Fortune, Fortune, and Longevity Gods had an extremely tyrannical allure to all living beings. Even if it was just a business among the common people, no matter if it was the Fortune God, Fortune God, or Longevity God, they all had a large number of believers. Although the current Fortune and Longevity God didn't spread his teachings, anyone who worshipped the Calmness Immortal Department had the desire to obtain the Three Perfections of Fortune, Fortune, and Longevity.

In the following years, he would be the most likely person to comprehend the Dao of Divergent and even advance to the Celestial Venerable Realm.

"Five Seasons Replacement!"

Longevity God saw Liu Yu and the others obtain the True God's Thrones and then soar into the sky. Then, the entire dimensional world in the sphere of the Common People's Wish changed the seasons even more perfectly. Longevity God nodded. "The dimensional world has the Five Seasons God's Thrones, so it is a real world. From now on, our dimensional world will be even more solid and rich than some of the old-timers." "That's inevitable."

Lou Baiyue looked at the Divine Land Gourd. "I didn't expect that although Chensha didn't subdue the Heavenly Craft Institution, he still obtained the Xing Qiong Clan. But now, we have a new problem. I've already inquired about some things. Immortal Master, Wan Senshi, Dharma Saint, Wu Dangkong, and the Black Heaven Earth Gate's three Celestial Venerables have all joined together.

They've formed an alliance to refine a world-shaking magical treasure, which uses the Endless Heart as its foundation. "