Chapter 957
===========

Chapter 954 Whereabouts of Heaven Queen Chapter 954 Whereabouts of Heaven Queen

'The Dharma Saint who has obtained the true meaning of the word' Change 'is indeed extraordinary.' Hua Mingsha thought, but didn't show what he was thinking on his face.

However, he said something else. "Lord Warlock Saint, as the Lord of the Sun and Moon, I control 129,600 Starlords. Most of those Starlords are not at the Tianyuan Realm. Some of them are Celestial Venerables and Tianshou. They also want to reach the Tianyuan Realm. Lord Warlock Saint is in charge of the reform department, and many of them do not obey the orders of the imperial court.

After you strip them of their cultivation, you can give it to me, and I will make up for their cultivation. How about that?

These Celestial Lords have the power to illuminate the human world. The more powerful the Celestial Lords are, the more stable the human world is, and the demons won't invade. " "We have to be careful about this. We can't do this at the expense of the public."

The Dharma Saint knew that now that the power of the Heaven Court was getting stronger, the power was being divided, and the departments were fighting against each other. The Master of Sun and Moon Hua Mingsha controlled 129,600 Celestial Lords. If all of them reached Sky Origin, then his power of the Sun and Moon Ruler would increase greatly. "Emperor Heaven means that we should subdue all of them, and then sincerely worship the Heaven Court. We can't kill them at will. The sacrifices of these people are very powerful, and are very beneficial to Emperor Heaven's cultivation. Killing one of them is a great loss. So Emperor Heaven wants to educate them first, and killing them is the last resort."

"Lord Dharma Saint, are you saying that I'm doing this at the expense of the public?" The Master of Sun and Moon Hua Mingsha's tone became dark.

"You misunderstand, Lord."

The Dharma Saint said slowly, "What I mean is that we have to work together sincerely. We can't listen to the provocations of some despicable people. The Everlasting World hasn't been destroyed, and the other world still exists. Gu Daoxian and many people with mutated origins are hiding in the human world. It's very dangerous. Maybe some desperate people will try to assassinate us.

I think Gu Daoxian might lose his mind and kill some of the Celestial Court's officials. The Celestial Court will also face a calamity.

He did not know who was the one who suffered the calamity. Thinking of the many changes in the future, there was the Chaotic World Demonic Ape Deity wreaking havoc in the Celestial Court, and many experts were killed or injured.

Of course, this kind of future change wouldn't happen now, but who knew if an even more terrifying and powerful existence would be born, especially now that the Emperor Of Heaven was also training hard, and it was very likely that he wouldn't have the time to do anything.

We should stick together. Think about it, if His Majesty, the Emperor Of Heaven, doesn't act, and that Gu Dao Immortal comes to kill us, will we be able to resist? " "Lord Dharma Saint, look at you clearly."

Lord of the Sun and Moon, Hua Mingsha, gasped and said, "You have a higher cultivation level. We can't let our guard down, and we can't be suspicious of each other. If we work together, we will be much safer."

"I have to subdue many variables, and I can't do it alone. I still have to rely on Lord of the Sun and Moon."

The Dharma Saint smiled and said, "Actually, there are benefits, and that is, the power of worship produced by these variables. Besides worshipping the Emperor Of Heaven, we can keep some for ourselves, and exchange it for the Immortal Merit Halo on the Heavenly List of Mixed Yuan to increase our power. If we work together, you can help my reform department, and the more worship we get, the faster our cultivation will be." "Of course, this is a good thing."

Lord of the Sun and Moon, Hua Mingsha said, "But if the Earthly Sovereign and some others see us doing this, they will definitely want a share."

"I have a way to deal with this." The Dharma Saint said, "Let's agree on this. Next, we will build a force.

First, we will go to the Immortal Realm of The Great Spirit God, and bring all the Divine Primordial cultivators into my reform department. "

The Warlock Saint had obtained great power. He wore the Reform Robe and held the Reform Whip in his hand. He immediately started a series of actions that affected every corner of the human world.

At this moment, the Hong Dynasty established by Zhang Ziran was getting bigger and bigger, and it spread out, subduing many countries. Its territory was unprecedentedly prosperous.

In the capital of the Great Hong Dynasty, everywhere was expanding, and there were good and bad people mixed together.

This capital was not only full of classical buildings, but also had the aura of a prehistoric technological civilization. There were tall buildings, flying ships landing one after another in the sky, and on the ground, there were all kinds of trains, cars, and even all kinds of teleportation portals flashing.

This was something that could not be helped, because the human world was too big, and its territory was incomparably vast, even bigger than the previous Heaven Realm.

In the previous Heaven Realm, even Heavenly Masters could not see the whole picture. Now, in the human world, even the Divine Primordial cultivators were as small as a grain in the sea.

If the original Heaven Realm was placed in the current human world, it would be like putting a sesame seed in a huge water tank.

Therefore, the human world and the Great Hong Dynasty had to use all kinds of teleportation portals and technology to manage. Otherwise, the imperial court would not be able to prosper, and they would not be able to obtain more power of worship.

In the northwest corner of Hong City, there was a skyscraper that was several hundred stories tall. The top floor of the skyscraper was made from the finest metal essence and crystal jade, and it shone brightly. It was unknown which major power had built it.

In the conference hall on the top floor, there were more than ten people in a meeting. The leader was a middle-aged man with a square face, and he looked very dignified. He was stroking a token.

"Sect Leader, is this an order from the imperial court? Is there something big happening in the Heavenly Court? They set up a reform department, and the Dharma Saint is in charge?

All cultivators who are above the 20th transformation of the Dao Realm in the human world must ascend to the Celestial World or the God Realm, and accept the selection to join the reform department. Otherwise, if they are caught after the deadline, they will be sent into the cycle of reincarnation, never to be reborn again. " A woman said to the dignified middle-aged man.

"Hmph!

We came from the Everlasting World to collect sacrifices in the human world. Apart from that, we also want to obtain the mutated source and find a chance to rise to the top. Now, the Heavenly Court wants to purge us. How can it be so easy? "Another man said," However, we still have to listen to the Sect Leader. "

"I came from the Everlasting World to the human world and founded the Great Xuan God Sect. I am the Sect Leader."

The middle-aged man said, "We've cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra. Although we can't comprehend the core realm of not needing external forces, self-sufficiency, and complete freedom from it, we can rely on this heart sutra to resist the corrosion of the mortal world's forces and hide here. Now, the Heavenly Court wants us to submit with this order. Isn't that just wishful thinking? " "Sect Leader is right."

A man said, "We can use the Dragonless Heart Technique to hide. That's not all. The Dragonless Heart Technique also has the ability to refine sacrifices. We can refine the undying substance from the sacrifices and use it on ourselves, making us invincible."

"The benefits of the Dragonless Heart Technique are beyond words. Furthermore, the human world is the best place to cultivate the Dragonless Heart Technique. It's much more convenient than the Everlasting World.

The middle-aged Hierarch said, "However, we can't underestimate the Heavenly Court's order. We have to treat them well. Pass my order: Dispose of all our assets in Hongdu. Hide all our core members and wait for the storm to blow over before we move on."

As the middle-aged man gave the order, a voice rang out. "Great Xuan God Sect, Sect Leader Profound Valor.

You were an elder of the Eastern Barren Profound Heaven and Earth Sect. When the Profound Heaven and Earth Sect was destroyed, you benefited from it. When the Heaven Realm was destroyed, and the primordial chaos exploded and shrunk, you managed to obtain the Grand Chiliocosm Seed that was produced when the primordial chaos exploded. You fused it into your body, which gave you the cultivation of Heaven Origin. You learned a portion of the Dragonless Heart Technique from the Everlasting World, and then infiltrated the human world to spread your teachings and gain the faith of all living beings.

Along with this voice, a ray of light appeared. Within the light, the figure of the Warlock Saint appeared.

"Warlock Saint, you actually came personally." The middle-aged man from the Great Xuan Divine Cult, Profound Valor, was shocked. He instinctively wanted to escape. But the Dharma Saint had already sealed off the area, and there was no way he could escape.

"If you weren't a Heaven Origin expert, why would I use this clone to subdue you?"

The Dharma Saint pointed, and a halo appeared on his hand. The halo flew directly toward Profound Valor's head.

Immediately, a golden hoop appeared on Profound Valor's head. Then, all of his transformations vanished, and he knelt on the ground, clutching his head and howling in pain.

"This is a secret technique that Emperor Heaven Emperor taught me," the Dharma Saint said. "It's called the Hoop of Law Reform. It's specifically used to suppress the Dragonless Heart Technique, so that it can't cause any trouble.

Profound Valor, if you follow me obediently, you'll definitely become immortal in the future. If you don't, then you'll never be able to reincarnate. " "Your subordinate is willing to submit," Profound Valor said in pain.

"Very well." The Dharma Saint nodded in satisfaction. "If that's the case, then join my sect."

Such things were happening everywhere. The Dharma Saint personally went into battle, subduing one Heaven Origin expert after another in the human world. At the same time, in the Permaculture Realm, many experts were still heading toward the human world. At this time, Gu Chensha was high up in the Permaculture Realm, staring at some passages. The Permaculture Realm could be entered and exited freely.

Many experts who had reached the Tianyuan Realm secretly activated their cultivation to open a passage to the Human Realm.

"How is it? Have you found the new Heaven Queen?" Lou Baiyue walked up to him.

"I've found some clues," Gu Chensha said.

Gu Chensha said, "Heaven Empress is indeed in our Eternal Realm, but I'm preparing to have her go to the Human Realm. After subduing that Gu Daoxian, we'll capture her and cause Celestial Emperor to lose his hard-earned plan. We'll deal a heavy blow to the Celestial Court.