Chapter 169
===========

Dao Realm Five Transformations were considered Celestials in the mortal world. In celestial sects, they were the peak of outer sect disciples. But compared to Li Wangsheng, they were worth nothing.

Li Wangsheng was the son of Monster Saint Li Wanlong. In the entire world, there weren't many people with a stronger background than him. His cultivation was really immeasurable and even Dao Realm Nine Transformations and Ten Transformations weren't worth mentioning in his eyes. There were only a handful of people in the younger generation who could make him worry.

Although Gu Chensha had many fortuitous encounters, he was still young and didn't have the strength to fight a monster like Li Wangsheng. This was why he could only stand to the side and watch as Lou Baiyue and this person fought. Honglong!

Lou Baiyue didn't say any nonsense. Astral energy surged from her body like waves. With a shake of the air, she appeared in front of Li Wangsheng. She used the God Chasing Technique. As expected, her speed exceeded that of Yuan Shasheng's Nine Flame Light Technique.

With her speed, even if it was a simple punch, she would be able to pierce through the mountain top. Furthermore, her entire body was wrapped in God Slaughtering Qi, circulating back and forth, her power was even more powerful than any armor.

"Nine Energies Rising Dragon." Looking at how strong Lou Baiyue was, Li Wangsheng didn't dare to underestimate her. A solemn expression appeared on his face.

Nine dragon-shaped energy currents appeared around his body and protected him. His palm was actually really quick like he hadn't moved at all as he faced Lou Baiyue's attack.

The two of them clashed in an instant and the ripples from their battle swept all around. Xiantian Astral Energy surged all around like flying swords and blades. Pili Pala!

Gu Chensha was swept by some of the ripples and the King Dragon Armor on his body started to creak. It was about to be sliced open and he quickly retreated to dodge.

This was just the ripples of the battle and it wasn't a true attack. His King Dragon Armor couldn't take it.

"What strong power. Just the ripples alone make me feel like my body is about to shatter. If I hadn't reached Dao Realm Transformation Five, the ripples would have made me spit out blood." Gu Chensha was shocked. "Right, why do I have to block?

The Xiantian Stellar Energy that entered my body would be absorbed by the Dragon Transformation Pagoda.

"Lou Baiyue, you are no match for me."

All of a sudden, Li Wangsheng's nine dragon-shaped Innate Gang Qi transformed into three heads and six arms. Each of his arms was pinching a seal, and as they came together, a force field appeared within a radius of a thousand feet around him. Within the force field, everything was frozen, and no one could move.

"This is Li Wanlong's Boundary of the Dragon Field?

It has already been broken by His Majesty many times, yet you still dare to show off in front of me? "

Lou Baiyue was able to move freely in the force field and was not affected at all. She suddenly let out a long roar and her aura rose again.

The God Slaying Stellar Energy around her suddenly changed and there was actually a sound coming from within. Along with the sound, many densely packed God Spirits that were the size of rice grains appeared. Right, they were God Spirits.

God Spirits formed from Xiantian Stellar Energy. These God Spirits were the size of rice grains, and there were thousands of them.

All of them looked really solemn and they wrapped around Lou Baiyue, making her body look really tall and big. She was like the King of the Gods. Those sounds were from thousands of God Spirits that were the size of rice grains chanting together.

A loud and clear voice soared into the sky. In the blink of an eye, this force field boundary was completely broken.

Then, Lou Baiyue flashed and appeared in front of Li Wangsheng. She punched out and along with the singing of the God Spirits, it was as if she was going to smash him into pieces before she was willing to stop.

Li Wangsheng stood firmly on his feet and made a seal with both hands. Immediately, there were tens of thousands of dragons roaring in his body and the sound of explosions. He used his fist technique and it actually became as heavy as a mountain. Every time he struck out, many whirlpools would appear around him, and all of Lou Baiyue's attacks were dissipated.

Until now, although Lou Baiyue's attacks were fierce, he was not at a disadvantage and it seemed like he had not used his full strength.

Gu Chensha's body moved and he did not retreat anymore. Instead, he slowly got closer to the battlefield. He did not even put on the King Dragon Armor. He allowed the aftermath of the battle to sweep his body.

The shockwaves from the battle were like a tidal wave, enough to shatter a Dao Realm Nine Transformations Jade Body cultivator. However, he secretly used the Dragon Nurturing Technique to activate the Dragon Transformation Pagoda in his body. His body immediately turned into a whirlpool, and every pore was absorbing the shockwaves from the battle.

The aftermath of the battle wasn't an energy wave but the Xiantian Earth Energy that exploded. Especially the Xiantian Earth Energy on Li Wangsheng's body. Who knew what kind of heart technique he cultivated, but it was really similar to the Dragon Cultivation Technique?

"Li Wanlong seemed to have seen the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Land, and the incantation he practiced was naturally similar to the Dragon Cultivation Method. In that case, the Innate Gang Qi cultivated by Li Wangsheng's incantation was greatly nourishing to my Dragon Transformation Tower."

Gu Chensha continued to absorb. After the Xiantian Earth Energy was absorbed into the Dragon Transformation Tower, it spat out bits of Dragon Energy that merged into his bloodline, raising his talent and changing his entire body. Although this was a natural process, he still felt that it was really beneficial.

The Dragon Transformation Tower swallowed 100 Seven Saint Heart Cultivated Pills and formed true Saint Dao attainments within. At this moment, it was much stronger than before and the Xiantian Earth Energy it absorbed was much stronger too. He slowly rotated the Dragon Transformation Tower and Gu Chensha felt really comfortable. This was the same as Li Wangsheng using the Xiantian Earth Energy to help him inject in energy.

He felt that if this continued, after his talent improved, he might be able to break through to the sixth transformation and cultivate the Xiantian Earth Energy.

He was originally at the peak of the Hundred Aperture Spirit Gathering Realm and the 108 acupoints in his body gathered thick Spiritual Energy which formed into pearls. With just a slight rotation, the pearls would cooperate with his Vital Energy and spin around.

As long as he improved further, the relic would explode and turn into rumbling Xiantian Earth Energy. He would step into the most crucial stage of cultivation. Before he reached the sixth transformation, he could only rely on brute force to attack.

He walked forwards slowly and stared at Li Wangsheng like he was going to work together with Lou Baiyue to pincer him.

Li Wangsheng sensed that he wanted to attack and a smile of disdain appeared on his face. He took the chance and flicked his fingers. Instantly, a streak of Sword Energy appeared in front of Gu Chensha.

There was only a sliver of sword energy, but in Gu Chensha's eyes, it was as if an ancient god was swinging a divine weapon that was ten thousand miles long at him from a very high place in the sky. The Sword Energy was so quick that he couldn't dodge at all and could only take it head-on. With his reaction speed, he wouldn't be able to dodge any of Li Wangsheng's attacks. His fastest speed was like a turtle crawling in Li Wangsheng's eyes.

But he was prepared and knew how strong it was. When the Sword Energy attacked him, he activated the Dragon Transformation Pagoda's heart technique and punched out. This was a clumsy fist.

He comprehended the Clumsy Fist Nine Techniques and when he punched out, it contained all sorts of commoner intents. Although it was clumsy and funny, it hit Li Wangsheng's Sword Energy. Peng!

The Sword Energy and the fist clashed. At that moment, Gu Chensha's copper skin and iron bones actually exploded and the Sword Energy drilled into his body. His body was also blown away by the Sword Energy and who knew how far he flew.

"Amazing!" After the Sword Energy entered his body, it turned into many threads that sliced his meridians.

He was prepared. He activated the Dragon Raising Heart Technique and the Dragon Transformation Pagoda in his body rotated quickly, forming a whirlpool to absorb the Sword Energy once more.

But the Sword Energy was really cunning. It actually wanted to pierce through his acupoints and then head to his brain to destroy it and kill him right away.

"Sun and Moon Refining!"

He activated the Sun and Moon Refining Heart Technique and the vital energy in his body started to circulate, fighting against the Sword Energy. The Dragon Transformation Pagoda in his body gave off an even stronger suction force to try to suck the Sword Energy into the pagoda.

However, the Sword Qi was very stubborn. It seemed to contain Li Wangsheng's will. It was cunning and penetrated everywhere, resisting with all its might. If it wasn't for the fact that Gu Chensha had surpassed the Fourth Transformation of the Dao Realm, Swallowing Metal to Turn Into Stone, and his body was as solid as an iron board, and after two rounds of training by Yi Ming and Lou Baiyue with the Samadhi True Fire, he had an almost indestructible body. Even though the Sword Qi was strong, it couldn't break his meridians.

"Sun and Moon Transformation, Sun and Moon Dragon!"

He continuously used the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique and the vital energy in his body exploded like fire from the heavens. He slowly suppressed the Sword Energy and sealed it within the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. Shh …

Only then did Gu Chensha heave a sigh of relief. He felt the power within the Dragon Transformation Pagoda scatter the Sword Energy and slowly spat it out. It turned into a strong power that nourished his body and changed his talent. He couldn't help but nod his head. The broken skin on his hand started to heal quickly.

"Li Wangsheng used just a flick of his finger to nearly kill me. It seems like if I fight him head on, I will definitely die." Gu Chensha knew what was going on.

But he looked at the battlefield. Although Li Wangsheng was strong, Lou Baiyue could also deal with him. The two of them used all kinds of techniques to attack each other, and their battle was so intense that the sky and the earth darkened and the sun and moon lost their light.

Lou Baiyue's strength lay in her Great Slaughter God Technique's incomparably sharp attacks. Her Slaughter God Astral Qi was ever-changing. Moreover, her Slaughter God Astral Qi's nature was limitless. No matter how she cast her divine arts, she wasn't afraid of exhausting her astral qi.

Naturally, Li Wangsheng didn't have such an ability. But his realm was high and his energy was thick. Even if they fought for a few days and nights, it wouldn't dry up. The battle between the two could be said to be evenly matched.

"This way, it will be tough to decide a winner." Gu Chensha closed in once more to see what other skills Li Wangsheng had.

"Eh? This kid actually swallowed my Sword Energy. "

Li Wangsheng saw those scenes. The Sword Energy that he shot out could kill people at Dao Realm Transformation Nine but when it landed on Gu Chensha's body, it disappeared.

"Li Wangsheng, although your cultivation is strong, you can't even kill me."

Gu Chensha purposely said, "I am only at Dao Realm Transformation Five. It seems like Li Wanlong isn't much and his son is so ordinary."

"You don't need to agitate me and mess up my mind?" Li Wangsheng burst out laughing, "Forget it, I will kill you and see whether or not the Heaven Talisman Emperor will come."