Chapter 1015
============

It's all selfish.

"Everyone, come out and meet me."

The Emperor Of Heaven didn't wait for the Fourth to calculate how many ancestors there were. He just sent out a psychic wave.

The psychic wave spread to every corner of the universe, startling countless powerful beings. This universe had been created by many ancestors for many years, and it was already very powerful. But the Emperor Of Heaven's power wasn't to be underestimated, either. It was enough to shake the very essence of the universe.

"Emperor Of Heaven, you should welcome me from afar, but you're all enemies now."

At that moment, a shadow appeared. The shadow condensed into a person holding a book. He gave off a strong Confucian aura. He was a middle-aged man with a long beard. He was the Confucian Ancestor.

"Confucianism Ancestor, where are the other ancestors? Why don't you come out?" the Emperor Of Heaven asked.

"Celestial Emperor, have you also succumbed to Gu Chensha's tyranny?

But we can't be subdued by force, and we can't be corrupted by riches and honor. So, there's no point in trying to convince us to surrender.

The Confucian Ancestor said, "The two of you are powerful, but it's a pity that you aren't united. Also, with so many ancestors working together, we can already unleash the power of the Heavenly Dao Realm. Even if the two of you forcefully suppress it, it's useless."

"Confucian Ancestor, you're one of the most powerful ancestors born in the past thousand years. However, you should also know that you shouldn't touch a rock with an egg. Gu Chensha's current strength isn't something you can handle. Even if you join forces and unleash the power of the Heavenly Way, it'll be useless."

The fourth brother, Guhuasha, said, "But now that you people have worked so hard to create this universe and spread benevolence, righteousness, and morality in this universe, all kinds of principles are brewing in the hearts of the people, becoming the truth. This is the power of Heavenly Dao. But this power isn't stable, it's still in its infancy. If this universe expands for another few thousand years, tens of thousands of years, or even hundreds of millions of years, then this power of Heavenly Dao will truly stabilize, but it's still useless. To put it bluntly, even if all of you become Heavenly Dao and join forces, you won't be a match for Guhuasha. He's already far stronger than the Heaven-Dao. "

"You're scared out of your wits," the Confucianism Ancestor said, laughing. "Nihility Ancestor, you're the number one ancestor of all.

You have the ultimate glory, but you're actually someone who bullies the weak and fears the strong. For the sake of righteousness, what harm is there in dying?

We're not afraid of dying, but you are. If the confucian dao of confucianism feared death, then it wouldn't be a true confucian. " "It's not a question of whether or not I'm afraid of dying."

Gu Huasha waved his hand dismissively. "If you want to die, it'll be very difficult. But I'm not going to waste words with you. Will you surrender or not? If you don't, you'll be in big trouble." "What? You and the Emperor Of Heaven want to fight me? "

The Confucianism Ancestor didn't seem the least bit afraid. "To tell you the truth, in a one-on-one fight, I wouldn't be a match for you. But do you know how many ancestors we have here?" "Stop hiding. Come out," the Emperor Of Heaven said, waving his hand. RUMBLE!

The entire universe trembled. Then, lumps of light people appeared, and finally, they all revealed their bodies.

"Ancestor of Mercy, Ancestor of Personal Loyalty, Ancestor of Wisdom, Ancestor of Faith, Ancestor of Loyalty, Ancestor of Filial Piety, Ancestor of Respect, Ancestor of Justice, Ancestor of Purity, Ancestor of Etiquette, Ancestor of Courage, Ancestor of Lian, Ancestor of Wen, Ancestor of Harmony, Ancestor of Da, Ancestor of Virtue, Ancestor of Zhen, Ancestor of Zhi, Ancestor of Gong, Ancestor of Jing, Ancestor of Might, Ancestor of Fierce, Ancestor of Blaze, Ancestor of Liang, Ancestor of Kindness, Ancestor of Kindness, Ancestor of Compassion, Ancestor of Sorrow, Ancestor of Warmth, Ancestor of Shun, Ancestor of Love, and Ancestor of Peace. Thirty-five voices rang out at the same time. Including the Confucianism Ancestor, there were a total of thirty-six ancestors.

The Thirty-six Patriarchs were all people who focused on positive emotions, and when they joined forces, they filled the universe with positive emotions. Yang, righteous, awe-inspiring, they filled Heaven and Earth, and their auras seemed to break through all limits, shatter all time, and converge to form the power of the Dao of Heaven.

When the Thirty-six Patriarchs joined forces with the universe, their power caused the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Huasha's faces to flicker.

"So powerful!"

Gu Huasha said, his expression flickering. "I thought I stood at the pinnacle, but never could I have imagined that there would be people who could stand up to me, especially some of you. For example, the Human Ancestor and the Ancestor of Justice. Although they aren't as strong as me, they're second only to me in terms of power. I have no idea how they practice cultivation to reach such a level. It's hard to imagine. Other than the Confucianism Ancestor, there's also the Ancestor of Love.

I can sense that the Ancestor of Love has a mysterious power inside of him. The power of love can explode out in a way that transcends the truth. It's a type of psychic power, similar to the Dragonless Heart Sutra. " The Emperor Of Heaven was also examining the qi flow.

"The Ancestor of Love's destiny is faintly discernible," the Emperor Of Heaven said. "Although he's not very strong in the river of fate, I can sense that he's hiding his true power." Not daring to be negligent, the Emperor Of Heaven said.

"Ladies and gentlemen, if we join forces, wouldn't we be afraid of Gu Chensha? Wouldn't we be afraid of the Yongchō?

The way I see it, Gu Chensha isn't strong enough to do anything about the truth. He can't do anything about benevolence, righteousness, and morality. He can't do anything about loyalty, filial piety, chastity, or justice and compassion. "

"Nihility Ancestor, Emperor Of Heaven," the Confucianism Ancestor said, "you need to know your limits. Under no circumstances can you become an accomplice to Gu Chensha. If you do, you'll be consigned to eternal damnation. Remember, we will never be exterminated." "You're looking down on Gu Chensha too much."

The Nihility Ancestor, The Fourth Gu Huasha, suddenly laughed. "But we're not here to kill you. We're here to show you Gu Chensha's power." "Haha! I know you don't truly want to follow Gu Chensha," the Ancestor of Love said.

The Ancestor of Love was a young man, roughly twenty years old. He had rosy lips and white teeth, and he exuded a youthful aura. His body brimmed with passion and youthfulness. Anyone who looked at him would feel boundless motivation and power. No negative emotions could shake him. This was the power of the Ancestor of Love.

"Ancestor of Love, what do you have to say?" Emperor Of Heaven said.

"You two, we can temporarily rely on Gu Chensha," the Ancestor of Love said.

"Ancestor of Love, you …" The Confucianism Ancestor, Ancestor of Mercy, and the others cried out in disbelief.

"Everyone, please calm down. That's not what I meant."

The Ancestor of Love waved his hand. "I will never submit to Gu Chensha, but we have no choice but to feign civility. Gu Chensha can no longer be measured by human emotions. He doesn't have good or evil, love or hate, and he doesn't have any emotions. We can't even figure out his realm. If we resist, he'll definitely make us suffer a fate worse than death, and it'll be an eternal torture. There's no need for us to take this loss. I believe that not long from now, he'll meet his doom. At that time, it'll be our best chance." "Then, according to the Ancestor of Love, what should we do?" Emperor Of Heaven wanted to observe.

"Celestial Thearch already knows, so why do you still ask?"

The Ancestor of Love waved his hand. "You two already have a plan. In the future, if you two join forces, you can even absorb the will of that thing that can arrange things.

At that time, you two will combine and become the strongest existence. At that time, you can compete with Gu Chensha. I know this. You two are the most dangerous existences around Gu Chensha, but Gu Chensha doesn't care. He seems to have a plan. We can't escape Gu Chensha's River of Fate, and we can't threaten him at all.

So, we can only submit now. Moreover, Gu Chensha spreading the Dragonless Mantra is also an opportunity for us. If we can follow him and let everyone in our universe learn the Dragonless Mantra, it'll be a great nourishment for us. " "The Dragonless Mantra can't control people's thoughts."

The Nihility Ancestor, The Fourth Gu Huasha said. "I've studied it for many years. Even if you successfully cultivate the Dragonless Mantra, you'll only sever your karma with all living things in heaven and earth, time and space. It won't change your original heart. For example, even if I successfully cultivate the Dragonless Mantra, I still don't agree with Gu Chensha's ideals. So, you can cultivate the Dragonless Mantra and comprehend its mysteries to increase your strength. Right now, Gu Chensha doesn't want you to change your thoughts and become his slaves. "

"Gu Chensha's actions don't conform to our ideals. He definitely can't unify the human world. But in the future, a Lord of All Things will definitely appear. But it's up to our Confucian Sect to choose.

Only those who conform to our ideals can become the Lord of All Things. Those who don't have such moral character. "

The Confucian Ancestor said. "Right now, Gu Chensha is very powerful. We really can't go against him. Can we only endure humiliation and live without purpose?" "That is indeed the case."

The Emperor Of Heaven said. "If you submit to him, you can gain quite a bit of status in the imperial court. We can form our own forces, and we can protect ourselves and keep them in check.

In many dynasties and civilizations, the Confucian Sect isn't a rebel, but a balancer. Isn't that your ideal? " "You've hit the nail on the head."

The Confucian Ancestor's heart skipped a beat. "Our ideal isn't to rebel. If a tyrannical ruler appears, we will keep them in check. That is the true path. From what I can see, other than the older generation, the Land of Yongchō is only temporarily submitting to Gu Chensha's tyranny. For example, the Spell Ancestor, the Taoist Ancestor, and even Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God. These people can all be used."

From the Confucian Ancestor's point of view, while Fa Wuxian had suffered unprecedented humiliation, his hatred for Gu Chensha had also increased. And this hatred could be used.