Chapter 124
===========

Layers of palaces and tens of thousands of gardens formed the palace.

The strongest place in the world was also the most terrifying place. Although it wasn't as majestic and majestic as many Celestial Path Sects, it gave birth to the power to twist the heavens. Mountains weren't famous because they had celestials. Rivers weren't deep because they had dragons. The palace wasn't holy because it had god talismans. Within the palace.

Light silk fluttered in the wind and hundreds of flowers bloomed in the garden. Spring was overflowing.

Maids dressed in silk walked back and forth, complementing the feeling of spring, making the place even more lively.

In the garden, there were two beautiful girls playing chess. The fragrance of tea wafted about and it seemed like even the butterflies in the garden were drunk.

"Sister Fan, I heard that your son broke through to the sixth transformation and cultivated the Xiantian Energy." A slightly younger girl said.

"What is the use?"

The girl who was called Sister Fan sighed, "His talent is average and he obtained so many treasures to reach the sixth transformation. How can he handle such a huge matter? Not to mention the world, he can't even take on the family. Sister Lei, I heard that your son is close to the Ancient Witch Path, but you have to be careful. "

"I can't control my son." The girl called Sister Lei frowned, "Let him do as he pleases. The family has a lot to say about him.

Last time, he forcefully borrowed the Lightning Dragon Staff and the chief was already unhappy. He snatched it and broke many of the family's rules. If not for the Emperor supporting him, he might have been executed by the family. " These two were actually the mothers of the Third Prince Gu Fan Sha and the Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha. They were the imperial concubines of the palace and their status was only lower than the Empress.

The two of them looked really young but they looked like young girls. It was obvious that they had techniques to maintain their youthful looks. Moreover, their bodies were filled with spirituality and they weren't ordinary people.

"Thinking back to the past, we were the top people in the family."

Fan Fei poured tea in a leisurely manner. The threads of water were extremely thin, like spider silk, yet they gave off an otherworldly feeling. "According to our path of life, we should enter a sect, pursue the path of immortality, and live a carefree and unfettered life. I wonder how does that compare to our current life?"

"There are also internal strife in the Immortal Dao sects, and there is no peace. They have to fight against demons and other sects. How can there be days of freedom?"

Concubine Lei picked up a chess piece and gently placed it down. "Compared to now, the seventy-two sects of the Primordial Era want to curry favor with us and even send us gifts?

I heard that His Majesty has already ordered Mister Ghost Axe and Mister Divine Craftsman to inform the 72 sects that when the capital is moved, they must show their allegiance. Even the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons has sent peacocks to congratulate them. " "The ancient era's 72 sects will not agree to it, right?"

Fan Fei seemed to have known about this a long time ago. "Ever since the Great War of Immortals and Devils, these people have been high and mighty. Even the ancient Heavenly Sons of Heaven could only ask them to come out of seclusion to assist them. It was extremely difficult to make them submit.

Not to mention the fact that there hasn't been an Emperor in ten thousand years. In these thousands of years, they have been high and mighty, manipulating the country and fiddling with the universe. Even if an outer sect disciple came to the human world, the emperor would have to respectfully receive him and call him Immortal Master. How could it be like now? "

"Although the ancient Heavenly Sons' martial arts were high, they all came from the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman."

Lei Fei waved her hand lightly, and a butterfly circled around her fingertip before flapping its wings and flying away. "As soon as the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman left, he lost all his martial arts. Even the Emperor's God Investiture Art that he had painstakingly cultivated for many years was taken away by the talisman. The Emperor reverted to an ordinary person and was beaten down to the mortal world. What the Heavenly Dao gave you can also be taken back.

Therefore, many of the ancient Heavenly Sons later created their own martial arts to cultivate without relying on the Emperor's God Investiture Art.

Therefore, the true Immortal Dao Supremes of the ancient era's 72 sects seemed to respect the ancient Heavenly Sons on the surface, but in reality, they didn't think that he had any ability. Their respect was only for the Heavenly Dao.

Now that the Emperor has not obtained the talisman, he can still sweep through the world and even suppress the gods. They have no choice but to submit, otherwise the Emperor wouldn't mind the disappearance of a few sects. The Limitless Celestial Sect disappeared, and these people still don't wake up? " "The Celestial Dance Mystical Gate's people are already here," Fan Fei said softly.

Fan Fei narrated softly, "They sent an outstanding disciple, and I don't think their intentions are that simple. Back then, Ji Qingwu made a bet with the Emperor. She said that as long as the Emperor could watch her Burial of Gods Dance without losing his mind, he would submit.

In the end, the Emperor won, but she didn't fulfill her promise. The Emperor didn't pursue it, but the details are worth pondering. "

"These are not things that we can control," Lei Fei said softly. "This year, the Emperor didn't worship the Heavens. What do you think, Sister Fan?" "This is also what I am worried about."

Fan Fei's expression changed. "Something as big as moving the capital must be worshiped, or else the aristocratic families will have their own ideas. But we don't know what will happen when we worship the Heavens. Is it really like the rumors outside? Is the Emperor not tolerated by the Heavens? " "I don't know."

Lei Fei also had a worried expression on her face. "Although the Emperor has made great achievements and plans to rule the world, the higher he stands, the heavier the fall will be. If anything happens to the Emperor, we will probably die without a burial ground due to our karma. " "This is also what I am worried about," Fan Fei said.

"If we sisters work together, we might have a chance to help at the critical moment. Unfortunately, the Empress and the other Imperial Concubines may not do as we think." "They all have their own plans. The Empress's Legalism is colluding with some sects."

A bitter smile appeared on Lei Fei's face. "The children are also fighting among themselves. No matter how we persuade them, they won't listen. They have their own ideas, but they still can't see the situation clearly. Their current status is built on the foundation of His Majesty's power. If there are any changes, their cultivation and power will instantly collapse. Any disciple of an Immortal Dao Sect or a slightly stronger Fiendish Demon will immediately die."

"I heard that the Emperor is very fond of Nineteen recently." Fan Fei changed the topic. "He is building power for him and paving the way. I don't know what his intentions are." "It might be for Wen Hong."

Lei Fei thought for a moment. "Don't think that the Emperor has ignored Nineteen all these years. How can he not know that he is training him?" "Nineteen has suffered since he was young, but he has developed a tenacious personality."

Fan Fei frowned. "He is not like our child, who was born wrapped in gold and jade and nourished with panaceas and elixirs. Although his cultivation is improving rapidly, his personality is lacking something." "These are all small matters.

I just want to see what will happen when the Emperor worships the Heavens this year. "Lei Fei did not know why, but the chess piece broke when she used a little more force. The Boorish Wilderness, his fief. Gu Chensha was touring with Shi Zhongchan.

He had already returned from the temporary imperial residence at the border. Long Yuyun organized her clansmen to report to the Marquis of Calming Sea and went to Dragon Sword Island to restore her hometown. Yu Hanlu went to the Marquis of Treasure's Ministry of Commerce. Of course, these two people were still his people.

Every prince's residence in the imperial court would arrange for their capable subordinates to become officials, and then gradually expand their influence in the imperial court. Now, the provincial governors of some provinces were basically the princes' people. For example, the governor of Ba Nan Province was the third prince's disciple.

"Brother, do you think there are any shortcomings in the construction of my fief?"

Gu Chensha and Shi Zhongchan stood on a bridge that looked like a rainbow. This bridge was completely made of steel and mud. It extended from the castle and crossed dozens of miles of terrain to reach the surrounding high mountains. It could be said to be a work of art that excelled the heavens. It was extremely spectacular and did not look like it belonged to the mortal world. There were a total of eight such bridges that led to the high mountains in all directions.

There were also cannons on the bridges. There were steel cannons on the cannons to prevent the barbarian slaves from causing trouble in the territory.

"Your Highness, everything is prepared for this territory, and there are also experts overseeing it."

Shi Zhongchan looked around. "But the population is too small, and cannot suppress a hundred thousand slaves. Once there is trouble, it is inevitable that we will not be able to deal with it." "I am replenishing the population."

Gu Chensha deeply agreed with these words. "These days, the population has gradually increased. In about a year and a half, we will be able to completely suppress the barbarians." "A year and a half is too long."

Shi Zhongchan looked at the sky. "I think it is best to stabilize the foundation in the next few months. Maybe in half a year, the capital will be moved. When that time comes, the Emperor will have to worship the Heavens, but I do not know what will happen."

"Worship the Heavens …" Gu Chensha's heart sank, but he did not want to say more. "In that case, I can only do everything possible to strengthen my strength."

"I've found out that the Demonic Ape Temple of Confusion has made a big move recently, and the surrounding barbarian tribes are also ready to make a move. I'm afraid that in the next few months, they will carry out a large-scale attack on your fiefdom."

Shi Zhongchan pointed into the distance. "Although the mountains in the distance are natural barriers and may be useful to the other barbarians, for the Demonic Ape Temple of Confusion, it is a flat road. They only need to send out a wave of Demonic Apes to cause a large-scale destruction. "

Gu Chensha had seen the power of the Demonic Apes. They could cover the sky and move through the forest as if they were flying. Even with the Horned Dragon Armor, they might not be a match for them.

If the Demonic Ape Temple of Confusion wanted to attack, the first wave would definitely be the Demonic Apes. Then, they would be assassinated by experts. In an instant, the fief would collapse.

"I've seen the Demonic Apes. They are indeed powerful. They will even kill other animals and sacrifice them to the Demonic Ape God of Confusion to improve their cultivation. They are much stronger than humans, and their movements are agile. Their combat effectiveness in the forest is even more tyrannical." Gu Chensha thought for a while and asked, "Do you have any good ideas?" "I will do it for Your Highness."

Shi Zhongchan said. "Originally, my father wanted me to come here to train. Now that Your Highness has reorganized your troops and joined forces with the subordinates of Dragon Sword Island and the Seventh Princess of Bao Yu Country, there are already five thousand elite soldiers. However, there are only thirteen hundred sets of Horned Dragon Armor.

This is not enough. If Your Highness still has money, don't keep it. Buy the armor from the Heavenly Craftsman Department. This is the first reason. "

"The second reason?" Gu Chensha had a lot of wealth, but he did not take it out. He was afraid that a tall tree would attract the wind.