Chapter 913
===========

Gu Chensha had long wanted to reform the world. While the world was getting more and more chaotic, it gave him a great opportunity.

Ever since he rose to power and took control of the Imperial Court, he gave everything to the world and did not take anything in return. Now, it was time for the world to be self-sufficient.

The Heavenly Dao gave up on supervision and placed the sun and moon on Long Xiangtian and the woman named Liu. This caused the Heavenly Realm to lose its light.

This was equivalent to abandoning all life in the world. Gu Chensha condensed his will into the sun and moon to illuminate the Land of Gods and the Four Wilds. This was equivalent to replacing the Heavenly Dao's authority.

However, the people were not satisfied with this and wanted to rebel against Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha knew that if this continued, the people would walk the path of evil. Therefore, he began to change.

He wanted to spread a message. If the people worked together, he could maintain the world's operation and expand it.

For example, if the trillions of people offered their sacrifices every day and sincerely maintained the world's operation, this force could definitely maintain the stability and expansion of the Land of Gods and the Four Wilds.

Unfortunately, many people only knew how to take and did not know how to contribute. Moreover, they were extremely greedy and would even rob and take things that did not belong to them. For their own ambitions, they would kill and kill.

In the eyes of outsiders, the Imperial Court had great wealth and many ambitious people were eyeing it. After becoming arrogant, they wanted to attack the Imperial Court and steal the Path of Eternity.

This was because the Imperial Court controlled the highest secrets of prehistoric technology and could even create Heavenly Lords. In other words, the Imperial Court could use all sorts of methods to turn ordinary people into Heavenly Lords without cultivating. To the greedy people of the world, this was a huge temptation.

Other than that, there was also the Emperor Of Heaven and the others to add fuel to the fire. The seemingly peaceful world could suddenly erupt into a huge storm.

The Land of Yongchō was thousands of times larger than before. The population was also thousands of times larger. There were crooks and honest people mixed in. It was not as easy to manage as before.

However, Gu Chensha still had his methods. Through the strongest reforms, he could completely stabilize the people's hearts. Moreover, his reforms were upright and impeccable.

"Since you insist, I have no other choice. I can only do as you say." Peacock didn't dare say anything else.

"Very good. You have made a wise choice. In the future, you will be the master of all demons."

Gu Chensha said, "The Demonic Ape Deity of Confusion has nothing to do with it. I will capture this monkey sooner or later and demote him to an ordinary person. I will let your Demon Clan see what happens when they mess up the world." "I'm the director of the Demon Placating Department now?

But now there are many outstanding figures in our Demon Race. In addition, some old demons in the Infernal Realm have also been persuaded by Demon Ape God and God Maha. The demons have united in an attempt to establish the Demon World.

If you don't give me some treasures, I'm afraid I won't be able to suppress these demons because they have the support of the Sky Emperor. "Peacock began to ask for benefits.

"I have known all this for a long time."

Gu Chensha already expected Peacock to say this. "Now is the best time for people like the Demon Gods and Maha to build the Demon World and Demon World. They are taking advantage of the chaos in the Heaven Realm and the loss of light to create chaos.

Don't worry, I will give you the real secret method. After you cultivate it, you will be able to turn the source into the strongest divine power. Even the Emperor Heaven World cannot take it away. " As he spoke, countless words suddenly appeared and changed above Gu Chensha's head. The words and pictures gathered to form an edict that looked like an imperial edict. There were two big words on the edict, "Dragon Talisman".

The aura of this Dragon Talisman was many times stronger than that of the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman.

"This is …" Peacock said in shock.

"This is a Dragon Talisman that I condensed. It is much stronger than the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman. There is a peerless secret method inside, and it can also be used to gather sacrifices. I can see that your cultivation has grasped the method of the Heavenly Mother Formation and can extract the Heavenly Mother Qi from it, but the Heavenly Mother Qi is much weaker than the essence of my Dragon Talisman. Go back and lead the demon race. Make them sincerely worship my Dragon Talisman. Then, the Dragon Talisman will give birth to the strongest power and divine power.

This talisman can also protect your body, allowing you to borrow my power. If necessary, you can use the power of the demon race's sacrifice to summon my avatar to descend and kill everything. "Gu Chensha gave the Dragon Talisman to Peacock.

Peacock took the Dragon Talisman and immediately felt a majesty that was higher than the sky. Aside from that, the vast power of life and death that came from it could completely suppress him. He would never be able to free himself.

"This person's power has already reached such a level?"

Peacock frowned. "I can feel a power from this Dragon Talisman that can break through the ages. This power is like the sky above, not even belonging to this world. This power is so vast that it can create the final time and space of life and death. Even if fate dies, this power still exists. Even if time and space decay, this power still exists. I can feel something different from Gu Taxian's power from this power." At this moment, Peacock finally understood where Gu Chensha's true power lay.

Originally, by chance, she obtained a ball of origin energy left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. She fused it into her body, causing her strength to reach an extremely powerful level. She thought that she could challenge Gu Chensha, so she came here, preparing to infiltrate the imperial court and obtain benefits. But now, she realized how childish and laughable her thoughts were. In front of Gu Chensha, even if she was ten times stronger, it would be useless.

"Go, I hope you can subdue the demon race as soon as possible. After obtaining my Dragon Talisman, you should first subdue the Demonic Ape God of Chaos. This god is the key to the demon race, the future emperor of the demon race. In the future time and space, you might even encounter great fortune."

Gu Chensha reminded, "If you can subdue this god, everything will be solved. You are a rare heaven and earth species, the Nine-eyed Peacock. This peacock is on par with phoenixes. Furthermore, you have gained the favor of my Emperor Father, allowing you to expel all your demonic Qi and obtain the strongest bloodline. You have the bloodline of the Gu Clan in your body. Even if you don't know how to refine it, my Dragon Talisman has the method to do so." "If that's the case, I will obey."

Peacock took the Dragon Talisman and disappeared from the place. She then left the Four Barren Greyspace and entered the darkness.

Not long later, Peacock arrived at a mountain. At the peak of the mountain, there was still light shining down. One could vaguely see countless huge dragons flying in the light. This was the holy land of the demon race, the Nest of 10,000 Dragons. In this Nest of 10,000 Dragons resided the former King of 10,000 Demons, Li Wanlong. Peacock was his daughter. Whoosh! Peacock's speed increased by many times and she directly entered the Nest of 10,000 Dragons.

Then, she came to a throne in the depths of the Nest of 10,000 Dragons. A middle-aged man sat in front of the throne. He wore a dragon robe and looked extremely dignified. This was the overlord of the demon race, Li Wanlong.

In the past, Li Wanlong had the cultivation of a Sage. Now, he was an expert of the Celestial Longevity Realm.

However, the Celestial Longevity Realm was difficult to deal with complicated situations. He could only be considered a mid-level expert.

In particular, there were many outstanding figures in the demon race. These people were eyeing the position of the King of 10,000 Demons covetously and could snatch it at any time.

"How was it? Did you see that Gu Chensha? "Li Wanlong opened his eyes when he saw his daughter return.

"That Gu Chensha's realm is completely different from what we expected. He is already close to the Heavenly Way and Gu Taxian. In the future, his achievements will be limitless."

Peacock explained the situation of her meeting with Gu Chensha. "Now that I have his Dragon Talisman, with this Dragon Talisman, it is indeed possible for us to defeat the many experts of the demon race and completely unify the demon race."

"You have a fortuitous encounter and have ascended to the Celestial Yuan Realm. Dealing with the Black Dragon Great Sage, the Four Stars Holy Mother, and the other demons is not a problem. However, the Demonic Ape of Chaos has the support of the Emperor Of Heaven. I'm afraid it will be difficult for us to compete with him. Think carefully. If you side with Gu Chensha, then we will really be doomed." Li Wanlong still had some reservations.

"Father, don't you see?

The situation has changed. In the past, the appearance of the Heavenly Court and the arrival of the Emperor Of Heaven was the inevitable trend. But now, Gu Chensha has refined the Divine Land and the Four Wilds. Moreover, the Heavenly Way and Gu Taxian are gradually merging and collapsing. Even the Heavenly Way can't control the situation.

Maybe in the future, the Emperor Of Heaven will not really unify the world. We might as well take a gamble here. "

Peacock said, "And Gu Chensha said it well. Even if we side with the Emperor Of Heaven, it will be of no use. Instead, the Emperor Of Heaven will strip us of our power and help the Demonic Ape of Chaos."

"Actually, after you get this Dragon Talisman, you can contact the Emperor Of Heaven and get some benefits from him. This way, you can benefit from both sides. That is the best way."

Li Wanlong said, "Whether it is the Emperor Of Heaven or Gu Chensha, in reality, they are not very reliable. The only one who can be relied on is yourself." "Well said." At this moment, a person suddenly appeared in the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons. This person's body twisted and coalesced into the shape of a woman. It was Ming Fei Wu Dangkong!

Back when Gu Chensha was trying to capture Wu Dangkong, this woman was rescued by the Emperor Of Heaven and disappeared for a long time. Now, she had reappeared.

"Wu Dangkong, it's you!" Peacock obviously recognized this woman.