Chapter 985
===========

Bestow Chapter 982 Bestow Chapter 982 Bestow

"Looks like you're very confident, this is a good thing." The Fourth Gu Huasha nodded, he wasn't worried at all, and with a flash, he left the Heavenly Court. Only the Emperor Of Heaven was left in the great hall of the Heavenly Court.

"Gu Taxian, you're really powerful. Not only did you create Gu Chensha, you even seeped your will into my consciousness, causing me to split apart, giving birth to Gu Huasha."

The Emperor Of Heaven spoke with a faint voice, "However, this is also where the benefits lie. If it wasn't for Gu Huasha, I wouldn't have been able to cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra. It all depends on the moment when the two of us fuse, whose will will will be the master. If the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian fuse, then Gu Huasha and I will also fuse." The entire Heavenly Court, under the control of the Emperor Of Heaven, suddenly went into hiding.

At this time, many powerhouses in the Human Realm suddenly discovered that a certain great existence that hung in the sky day and night seemed to have disappeared.

"Does the Emperor Of Heaven have another plan?" Gu Chensha, who was in the Human Realm, slowly retracted his spirit force.

He injected his spirit force into the Human Realm, causing the entire Human Realm to expand several times, giving birth to many fortuitous encounters, as well as many people with great talents. But even so, his spirit force wasn't consumed at all, it was still boundless.

This was because when the Dragonless Heart Sutra reached his level, it had already surpassed the Law of Energy Conservation. On his body, there was no such thing as how much he created would be consumed. This was the highest level of the Dragonless Heart Sutra.

The entire Human Realm, and even the entire world, to him, was nothing more than the imagination in the depths of his heart.

Therefore, the countless fortuitous encounters he created were nothing more than the imagination in the depths of his heart.

This kind of realm wasn't something that any existence could understand, even the Emperor Of Heaven couldn't understand the birth of this kind of change. Sou! Gu Chensha left the Human Realm and returned to the Eternal Realm.

At this time, Zhuge Ya and the others were bitterly cultivating in the Everlasting World, comprehending the profoundness of the Everlasting Realm.

The moment Gu Chensha descended upon the Eternal Realm, the Eternal Realm underwent some earth-shattering changes. The space inside expanded infinitely, and the Immortal Power began to spread.

"I broke through." Zhuge Ya received the help of this power: "Heaven Realm, this is it."

After the Immortal Power in his body increased by a few levels, it boiled, and actually opened up a small Heaven Realm in his body. This Heaven Realm could not compare to the real Heaven Realm, but it continued to expand, and its power slowly accumulated. The Heaven Origin Power in his body had already disappeared, replaced by the Heaven Realm Power. Even a trace of the power of the Heaven Realm could completely crush the power of Sky Origin.

That year, it was a trace of the Heaven Realm's willpower that pulled Gu Chensha into another world. That world didn't have Gu Taxian, and Wen Hong was the Son of Heaven. If it wasn't for Gu Chensha comprehending the God Realm at the crucial moment, he might have been lost in the Heaven Realm's willpower. From this, it could be seen how tyrannical the Heaven Realm was.

"I've also advanced." Wen Hong released all the power in his body, and waves of Heaven Realm Power were born in his body.

Lou Baiyue looked at these people with a smile, because she had already advanced to the Heaven Realm. After refining the Empress of Heaven and Regal Propria Golden Medallion in her body, and then comprehending the Dragonless Heart Sutra, her realm was even higher than the Hong Ling Sand.

Now, in the entire Eternal Realm, other than Gu Chensha and Gu Huasha, there was Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong and Zhuge Ya who had reached the Heaven Realm.

Wen Hong himself had a huge amount of fate energy. Originally, he was the master of the Human Realm, but because he betrayed the Heavenly Court, he was not the master of the Human Realm. However, his fate energy was gradually revealed as the Heavenly Court weakened.

"Uncle Wen."

When Gu Chensha returned to the Eternal Realm, everyone felt it, and the higher ups immediately gathered together. "You have reached the Heaven Realm, you can now go to the Human Realm, establish a country, and fight for fate energy. In the future, when the big collapse happens, it will be very beneficial. " "Go to the Human Realm?"

Wen Hong was puzzled for a moment, then he carefully calculated and understood in his heart: "Chensha, the Human Realm has expanded once again after your injection, and some of the originally destined opportunities have become completely chaotic. In addition, the big calamity is coming, and it is also a big opportunity. I will go to the Human Realm, gather fate energy, and can even obtain great benefits on the day of the big collapse, and then I will be able to deal with the final doomsday." "That's right."

Gu Chensha looked at the endless depths, "The day of the collapse is coming. At that time, other than the birth of terrifying things, many inconceivable things will also be born. If these things are obtained by people, then they can go one step further. At that time, many Heaven Realm experts will appear. "

"Looks like the final main battlefield is still in the Human Realm, but do we need to establish Eternal Realm sacrifices in the Human Realm now? Do we still need sacrifices for our Eternal Realm? "Zhuge Ya asked.

"The Eternal Realm no longer needs sacrifices. You guys go to the Human Realm, establish your own beliefs and sacrifices, enrich your own countries and the Heaven Realm in your body."

Gu Chensha waved his hand: "I also don't need sacrifices, and I don't need to extract immortality from the sacrifices of all living beings." "Chensha, you have already reached this realm?"

Lou Baiyue said in surprise: "That's right, the Fourth achieved Nihility Ancestor in the Human Realm, but he did not contact us, as if he disappeared. What is his plan? I can't understand it at all. "

"The Fourth has the thoughts of the Fourth. In fact, the relationship between him and the Emperor Of Heaven is very subtle. It can be said that they come from the same source, but have two different personalities."

Gu Chensha said: "However, they are connected to each other. If they reach the highest realm, then they can give birth to the strongest power. Even I have some trouble dealing with him. Of course, it is just trouble." "Right now, between the heaven and earth, Chensha, are you considered the absolute number one? No one is your opponent? "Lou Baiyue asked.

"That's right, apart from the birth of that terrible thing, there is indeed no one who is my opponent. However, for me, ruling the heaven and earth no longer has any meaning. The prosperity of all living beings is of some help to me in dealing with that terrible thing."

Gu Chensha said: "Originally, spreading the Dragonless Heart Sutra and letting all living beings become Dragonless Heart Sutra practitioners was beneficial to me, but now it is gradually becoming useless.

The karma of all living beings is completely separated from me. The fate of all living beings is also not blessed on my body. However, because of this, I have separated from all living beings. This is actually not a good thing. It is not beneficial to my cultivation. Therefore, I want to find the karma of all living beings and bless my body. "

"Isn't that the same as spinning a cocoon around yourself?" Lou Baiyue was puzzled no matter how she thought about it. She did not understand how Gu Chensha was going to cultivate.

In fact, when she reached her own realm, cultivation was also very confusing. She did not know how to proceed and could not improve at all. She could not find the path to advance. In her previous cultivation, she only needed to comprehend the realm and refine the Everlasting.

However, she knew that her current cultivation was something that she had no experience with in the past. No one had reached this realm before. Everything could only be explored by oneself.

"If you don't spin a cocoon around yourself, how can you break out of the cocoon and become a butterfly?"

Gu Chensha said: "However, as for how to raise my cultivation realm, I can only continue to fumble and experiment. I still feel that after separating from all living beings, I should start from all living beings again, peeling the silk from the cocoon.

However, I could only find some clues. This time around, I infused my spirit force into the human world, causing it to expand. After that, countless living beings obtained benefits from me and obtained the treasures I created. Their strength improved, regardless of whether they believe in my Dragonless Heart Sutra or not, they all obtained a great deal of fate with me. Although I didn't obtain their worship, I felt that when I activated my spirit force, my cultivation realm seemed to have increased a little. Therefore, after reaching my current realm, giving is more than plundering. In the future, my cultivation should focus on giving to all living beings.

Naturally, how to give fortuitous encounters to all living beings without tainting their fate? This is something that even the heavenly dao is unable to do.

The heavenly dao realm is to give many things to all living beings. Everything we cultivate, from the initial food and alchemy, to the spiritual qi, to the chaos elemental energy, and even the worship of all living beings, are all given by the heavenly dao.

However, the heavenly dao has also been tainted by many karma, causing it to be in a state of collapse.

This isn't a small matter. I have already reached the heavenly dao realm. By infusing my spirit force into the human world, it is equivalent to me carrying out the heavenly dao.

Right now, the heavenly dao has already lost all of its abilities. In fact, it has even lost the ability to nurture all living beings. As for me, I am already the new heavenly dao. However, the old heavenly dao cannot escape the fate of collapse. Since I am carrying out the new heavenly dao, I'm afraid that I will not be able to escape the fate of collapse in the future. Therefore, I am thinking of a solution. "

"These words contain extremely profound principles of cultivation." Wen Hong nodded his head repeatedly.

"Also."

Gu Chensha said to Zhuge Ya: "Those who have been crippled, such as Fa Wuxian and the Immortal Lord, have all become ordinary humans. These people can also be placed in the human world. They still have fate energy on them. As the human world changes, they can also obtain countless fortuitous encounters and have many opportunities in the future." "To think that these people would actually have a day where they can make a name for themselves."

Zhuge Ya sighed: "However, I am looking forward to seeing to what extent can these ordinary humans who have been crippled of their cultivation grow to?"

"If these people are given freedom, they will definitely harbor resentment towards me. However, they will still be able to obtain the fortuitous encounters that I created. I also want to see to what extent can they burn their fate energy under the stimulation of their hatred."

Gu Chensha nodded: "I will give them countless opportunities. It will depend on whether they can grasp them or not. I won't kill them, but if they don't choose their own path well, they will truly be annihilated in the great calamity."