Chapter 242
===========

"This book is truly not simple. We have to think of a way to retaliate. I've already informed the Calm Immortal Bureau about this."

Gu Chensha didn't dare to let his guard down. "Oh ya, how's the progress of your 28 Constellations Fiend Transformation Art?

Looking at the Heavenly Fey Book, ignoring the general outline, which is the essence of the Great Dao, there is no specific cultivation method. The essence is the 28 Constellations Fey God Transformation. If you can successfully cultivate it, you can attain the Heavenly Fey True Body and transform at will. Furthermore, the density of your Xiantian Astral Energy will increase by 28 times. "

"Young Master is wise." The white snake circulated her Xiantian astral energy as a crimson snake appeared behind her.

This snake had a pair of wings and its body was covered in sparks of starlight. Although it wasn't very large, it exuded a mysterious aura.

"Young Master, we sisters have been forcefully sensing the power of the stars under the power of the altar these past few days, and have finally mastered the Winged Fire Serpent Transformation of the 28 Constellations Fiend God Transformation. If it wasn't for Young Master's help and the altar's ability to trigger the magnetic field of the mountains to sense the power of the stars, we would have needed at least three years of hard work to be able to fuse our astral energy with the power of the stars, and condense the form of the Winged Fire Serpent God Star Sovereign."

Among the 28 constellations, the Winged Fire Serpent had the nature of a snake and was compatible with her physique. Hence, this was the first transformation she cultivated.

The 28 constellations were: Horned Wood Dragon, High Gold Dragon, Earth Raccoon, Room Sun Rabbit, Heart Moon Fox, Fire Tail Tiger, Water Leopard.

Well Wood Dragon, Ghost Goat, Willow Earth Deer, Star Horse, Moon Deer, Winged Fire Serpent, Zhen Water Earthworm, Kui Wood Wolf, Lou Gold Dog, Stomach Earth Pheasant, Pleiades Sun Chicken, Moon Crow, Jiao Fire Monkey, Ginseng Water Ape, Battle Wood Hou, Golden Ox Ox, Girl Earth Bat, Void Sun Rat, Dangerous Moon Swallow, Room Fire Boar, Wall Water Serpent.

These were the constellations created by the ancient demon race. Hence, each constellation corresponded to a supreme demonic god.

It was rumored that during the Desolate Era, there were 28 supreme demonic gods that named themselves after the constellations in the sky. They sensed their own bodies and finally fused with their Dao, becoming a part of the constellations and blending into the vast starry skies.

The Twenty-Eight Lunar Mansions Fiend God Transformation recorded in the Heaven Fey Book wasn't an evil demonic art. On the contrary, it was a divine power of the righteous path. Now, the classification of celestial bodies was also based on the twenty-eight lunar mansions.

This 28 Constellations Fiend God Transformation Art was a supreme demonic dao of the ancient times. Through meditation, one would be able to control the fluctuations of the astral energy and fuse with the heavens and earth. Finally, one would be able to sense the descent of the astral energy and undergo a complex combination of breathing and breathing to transform into the Fiend God Star Monarch. There couldn't be the slightest mistake. If there was a mistake, the astral energy would go berserk and the body would be blasted into smithereens.

However, once it was mastered, its might would be world-shaking, far surpassing that of other magical techniques.

Gu Chensha had figured out the profoundness of this spell. It was to gather the star power and form a perfect cycle. This way, the star power would not disperse and would instead grow stronger. This spell was unique and involved the most complicated changes in the star power chain. If he had not been multitasking, he would not have been able to understand it at all.

The Winged Fire Serpent appeared on the back of the white serpent. Innate Stellar Energy formed runes that locked in the stellar energy and circulated it. Finally, it transformed into this tiny flaming serpent.

After this serpent was cultivated, the white serpent's Xiantian Stellar Energy would at least double.

If all 28 Constellations Fiend God Transformation Art was cultivated, then it would use its Xiantian Stellar Energy to form 28 Fiend God Star Monarchs. Then, seven of them would turn into Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Xuanwu. That would be unparalleled strength that could sweep the world.

"All of you have been refined by me and are just a step away from the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Body. Now that you have cultivated the Winged Fire Serpent Monster God Star Monarch Virtual Body, in just a few days, you will be able to step into the Dao Realm Nine Transformation. I think that your Winged Fire Serpent Star Monarch Virtual Body isn't strong and it is far from completion. Then, don't cultivate other transformations and complete this transformation first."

Gu Chensha guided. His usage of the astral energy was even above the techniques recorded in the Heaven Monster Book.

This was because the Star Sacrifice Technique in the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique was the best in the world.

Apart from that, the Great Massacre God Technique that Lou Baiyue taught him also had parts on how to use the astral energy. That Buzhou Dao focused on using the astral energy.

However, the person who had the deepest comprehension of the astral energy was probably Grand Tutor Wen Hong. This person combined many ancient techniques and created the Ten Thousand Star Flying Celestial Technique. As expected from the Son of Destiny.

"Thank you for your guidance. The two of us feel like we are about to break through to the most crucial step and reach the Dao Realm Nine Transformation." The white serpent bowed once more.

"The two of you cultivate beside the Winged Fire Serpent God Beast." Gu Chensha guided them.

He used giant stones to carve the Winged Fire Serpent God Beast and placed it around the temple. During these few days, under his guidance, they had absorbed a lot of astral energy.

Half a month later, these stone beasts all had a mind of their own and normal ghosts didn't dare to get close.

The green serpent and white serpent went down to cultivate while Gu Chensha gathered astral energy once more.

His cultivation base was getting stronger and stronger. With a slight exercise of his cultivation base, the innate earth energy spread out from the top of his head, condensing into a concave mirror with a radius of tens of miles. This mirror seemed to be formed by many earth energy mirrors, and it was spinning and flashing, absorbing the power of the stars at an astonishing speed.

Gu Chensha's move was one of the variations of the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique. It could quickly gather astral energy.

Huge astral energy was absorbed by the concave mirror and gathered into the depths of the Dragon Gate. In the depths of the Dragon Gate, the Star River whirlpool became thicker and stronger.

Who knew how long passed? Suddenly, the Star River whirlpool split open and seven god beasts appeared. They were the Fighting Wood Centipede, Golden Bull Niu, Earth Bat of Girl, Void Sun Rat, Wei Yueyan, Room Fire Pig, and Wall Water Centipede.

The seven god beast stars rotated once more and turned into a Star Xuanwu. It swallowed and spat in the depths of the Dragon Gate. In the end, it condensed and turned into a Xuanwu Diagram which was carved on the inner walls of the Dragon Gate. Gu Chensha nodded and stopped the technique. He adjusted the nourishment of his Stellar Qi.

Cultivating the 28 Constellations Fiend God Transformation was beneficial to his comprehension of the astral energy. Thus, he made use of this opportunity to refine the Dragon Gate once more.

The Dragon Gate swallowed the astral energy and changed its structure, becoming more and more mysterious.

"Martial Song Star Fall, transform!"

He activated it again and another ball of starlight fell down and turned into a sphere. This sphere was the condensation of the astral energy of the Martial Song Star. Who knew how many mysteries were hidden in it.

"Turn into runes and guide me."

Under Gu Chensha's power, the starlight sphere turned into runes again. It spun in the air and pointed towards Wu Zhou City before dissipating.

"As expected, the reincarnated person of the Martial Song Star is in Wu Zhou City. Narrowing the range, it will be easier to find him." He nodded.

At the same time, in the study room of the palace near Sky Bearing Pass, a few important figures were handling government affairs.

Lou Chongxiao, Fang Lin, Zhu Xia, Wen Xiang, and the others were busy looking at the mountain of official affairs. At this time, there was no one on the throne. The Heavenly Talisman Monarch was still in seclusion.

"Everyone, take a look at this newspaper, the National Fortune News. They actually printed the martial arts manuals on it and published it to the world. It seems to be against the rules. "Lou Chongxiao took out a newspaper.

"I've seen this before. It's trending all over the world."

Zhu Xia said, "I also have many officials here asking about their opinions on this news and how the imperial court will deal with it."

"If I remember correctly, this newspaper should be published by Prince Heng's reincarnation, the Bullet Sword."

The young minister, Fang Lin, looked at a person in the corner, "Third Earl, you are the latest to enter the study room and are very familiar with the Bullet Sword Prince. What do you think?"

This Third Earl was a middle-aged man with white hair on both sides of his temples. He had a scholarly aura and was a poor scholar in his early years. However, he was sponsored by the Heng Clan and married a lady from the Heng Clan. Back then, when the Heavenly Talisman Monarch reprimanded the First Prince, Gu Hengsha, he used him for disaster relief.

In the end, after a round of disaster relief, Third Earl did an outstanding job. He quickly mobilized funds from the people and contacted the officials and the aristocratic families to quell the disaster.

Such a meritorious service had to be rewarded. Hence, he entered the study room and became an important minister in the imperial court.

However, he was at the bottom of the list and was diligent in his work. He never fought with the other ministers and nobody targeted him.

Hearing Fang Lin's question, he quickly raised his head and put down the brush in his hand, "I've only entered the study room for a short period of time. I'm still studying and don't have any opinions. I'll just listen to your opinions."

"I think this is a good idea. Publishing martial arts manuals and distributing them to the world. Everyone can learn martial arts and it will boost the nation's martial spirit."

At this moment, Liang Tao spoke, "The Crown Prince has made great contributions. He conquered the Wilderness and expanded the territory. This is martial arts. He is worried about the nation's fate. Look at the political discussion in this newspaper. It's quite incisive. Now, the imperial court and the commoners are all applauding it and it has won the hearts of the people."

"Whether this matter is good or bad, since it involves the Crown Prince, we still have to ask the Emperor to make a decision."

Minister Wen's expression was very solemn, "However, everyone, the Emperor has been in seclusion for several months and hasn't appeared. All the government affairs are handled by me and he didn't let any of the princes govern the country. We don't have a backbone and can't make decisions. As a result, many things can't be handled. When the Emperor comes out of seclusion, we will discuss this matter together. "

Many of the ministers looked at each other and felt that this matter was to show the Emperor's attitude. Which prince would have the chance to inherit the throne in the future?

Right now, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor hadn't expressed his opinion and didn't have any particular prince in mind.

"Are all of you discussing government affairs?" At this moment, a lady appeared at the entrance of the study room. This lady was actually wearing a veil and her entire body exuded an aura of light.

"So it's Concubine Ming. Please halt, no one is allowed to enter the study room." When the ministers saw her, they immediately stood up.

This veiled lady was Wu Clan's Wu Dangkong. She was the manager of the Scenic Martial Merchant Association and was summoned to the palace by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor to be conferred the title of Concubine Ming.

"Everyone, I'm here on behalf of the Emperor."

Concubine Ming Wu Dangkong still walked into the study room. In her hand was a handwritten decree, "All of you, please take a look. This is the Emperor's personal handwriting. It says that during the period of seclusion, this Imperial Concubine can handle many difficult matters in the study room." The handwritten decree was placed on the table by 'Concubine Ming' Wu Dangkong. Immediately, all the ministers came over to take a look.

Sure enough, it was the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's handwriting, "During the period of seclusion, Concubine Ming can enter the study room to handle difficult matters with the ministers."

The ministers present confirmed again and again that it was indeed the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's handwriting. It couldn't be faked. But this decree was simply unimaginable.

In the past dynasties, the harem was not allowed to interfere in politics. Although the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty didn't have such a rule, the harem, including the Empress, abided by the rules.

Right now, this Concubine Ming had just entered the harem. Her qualifications were shallow and she didn't even have a firm foothold in the harem. The Emperor wanted her to enter the study room to manage the situation on behalf of the princes. What was the meaning of this? If this spread out, what would the world think? What would the ministers of the imperial court think?