Chapter 754
===========

Gu Chensha cultivated the Divine Land Technique and had some comprehension. He could use a portion of the Divine Land's power and if this power was spread out, it would deal huge damage to Heaven Venerables.

Actually, the Divine Land's power was really terrifying. As the center of the Endless Mainland and the center of all worlds, the power it contained was much stronger than the sun and moon.

If Gu Chensha cultivated the Divine Land Technique to stage 100 and reached Divine Land One, then even the Head of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha wouldn't be his match. That was why since ancient times, the Divine Land was a place that all the giants fought for. Only the Emperor who unified the Divine Land had the right to become the Son of Heaven. People born in the Divine Land had an advantage over people born anywhere else. Even if they sacrificed themselves, their souls would be much stronger and purer.

However, Gu Chensha still didn't understand the power of the Divine Central Continent. Even if he knew what Sacrifice was, he couldn't accept the possibility that he would actually fuse with the Divine Central Continent and become its nourishment if he used it.

That was because he couldn't sacrifice himself now. It wasn't that he was afraid of death, but for the people of the world, for the luck of the country, for the country, he couldn't die now.

If he relied on his own strength, the Dao Realm 29 Transformation's ability to comprehend chaos, Gu Chensha would be a little weaker to totally suppress Xing Qiongshi's head. But if he borrowed the power of the Divine Land, Xing Qiongshi's head wouldn't be able to fight back at all. Weng …

Cries spread out from Xing Qiongshi's head. He was unwilling but there was nothing he could do. Even if he was a top demon, there was nothing he could do.

In just a short while, Xing Qiongshi's head was locked up by Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha's Heaven Path Technique seeped in and a treasure actually grew out. This treasure was a gourd that gave off a similar feeling to the Celestial Slaying God Punishing Gourd.

This gourd was formed from Xing Qiongshi's head. Xing Qiongshi was slashed by the Celestial Slaying God Punishing Gourd and the reason why he couldn't recover was because the blade energy was still corroding his body. Now, Gu Chensha used the Heaven Path Technique and Divine Land Technique to control him. He refined his head into a brand new gourd.

"What? Xing Qiong Shi, I'm only temporarily restraining you. "

Gu Chensha looked at the bottle gourd, which emanated a powerful aura. In terms of substructure, it was on par with the Immortal-Slaying God-Executioner Gourd. Smiling, he said, "Now, tell me about your treasures, and I'll find your other body to help you recover. Of course, your body will be of great help to me, and I'll be able to create an out-of-body incarnation, which will be a powerful magical treasure. Let's call this calabash the Divine Land Calabash.

If I use your head to refine the Divine Land Gourd, and then use the Heaven-Dao magic and the power of the Divine Land, it will definitely surpass the Immortal-Slaying God Executioner Gourd. At the same time, the gourd will become a dimensional realm. " Gu Chensha had never forged such a powerful treasure in the real world. To be honest, the strongest body in the world belonged to the Xing Qiong Clan.

To be able to refine Xing Qiong Clan's head into a magical treasure was something unimaginable. In the real world, Gu Chensha had missed the chance to let Xing Qiong Clan recover. In this dream world, he definitely wouldn't let it go.

As long as he found Xing Qiong Clan's other body, he could use it along with his Heaven Path Technique and the power of the Divine Land to refine the Divine Land Gourd. It would definitely surpass many supreme magical treasures. Moreover, Gu Chensha would keep all of Xing Qiong Clan's treasures and use his own strength to refine a dimensional realm that was even stronger than the Common People's Wish Sphere.

He hadn't reached the God Realm, so he didn't have world energy. However, Xing Qiong Clan was at the Heavenly Life Realm. Now that he had subdued him and refined him into a magical treasure, he wasn't completely dead and could still control him. Xing Qiong Clan's world energy could be used easily. This meant that Gu Chensha could use Xing Qiong Clan as a laborer to refine the Divine Land Gourd for him.

"All Common People's Generals, enter the gourd."

After Gu Chensha refined the Divine Land Gourd, he shook it slightly. Instantly, the 10,000 Common People's Generals formed by the jade mountain were all absorbed into the gourd. They merged with one another and wriggled about. In the end, their numbers decreased but their strength became stronger and stronger.

"Come out!"

In the end, the 10,000 Common People's Generals turned into 36 Dao Realm 27th Transformation Two World Seamless Experts.

"Okay."

Gu Chensha looked at the 36 Common People's Generals within the gourd and nodded his head, "As expected from the God Continent Gourd. Xing Qiong Family, I used your strength to refine the Common People's Generals. Your realm is quite impressive."

"Your Divine Land Technique is more exquisite than mine but your realm is too low, so you have no choice but to work with me."

At this point, Xing Qiongshi finally understood some things. "This head of mine can indeed help you complete a series of metamorphoses and increase your power. However, I need your promise. In the end, not only will you help my Divine Land Gourd absorb more Divine Land Energy, but you'll also have to absorb the Immortal-Slaying God-Vanquishing Gourd and the three celestials.

Also, you said that as long as I turn into this Divine Land Gourd and train here, I will be able to cultivate to the 100th stage of the Divine Land Technique. "

"Of course. You have seen my Divine Land Technique and it is much more exquisite than yours. You can temporarily turn into my Divine Land Gourd, but in the future, it will be really beneficial to you. You should be able to see it too."

Gu Chensha said. He used this to tempt Xing Qiong Clan. Now, he wanted to use Xing Qiong Clan as his treasure. That way, he would be able to use all of Xing Qiong Clan's strength. With Xing Qiong Clan's help, he would be able to do many things.

Of course, he didn't trust Xing Qiong Clan very much. She would definitely try to devour him. In fact, Gu Chensha knew that Xing Qiong Clan might even want to devour him. However, he had long since anticipated that, and would use that to make Xing Qiong Clan suffer the consequences of his actions. That was the game.

Back in the real world, he and Xing Qiong Clan hadn't been able to gain the upper hand. But here, he had finally made the right choice. He had suppressed and tricked Xing Qiong Clan into refining the Divine Land Gourd.

The Divine Land Gourd was very mysterious. By using the Divine Land Technique, Gu Chensha was able to use Xing Qiong Clan to draw more power from the Divine Land. In addition, he could use the gourd to devour all sorts of treasures.

"Devour Heaven and Earth. This world can devour true gods. Divine Land Gourd." Gu Chensha's eyes flickered with killing intent. WHOOSH!

He left, but didn't immediately search for Xing Qiong Clan's other five bodies. Given his current strength, if Xing Qiong Clan was resurrected, he might not be able to control the situation.

"Next, I'll start to manage the Central Plains Divine Prefecture. I'll spread the dao of mending the heavens, the dao of overturning the heavens, so that the power of people's hearts will be endlessly gathered into the Divine Land Gourd. That way, I can completely suppress Xing Qiong Clan. All lives will be united, and Xing Qiong Clan's thoughts will be completely suppressed. "

Gu Chensha knew that in the face of such overwhelming power, even a peerless expert like Xing Qiong Clan wouldn't be able to resist at all. His Celestial Calmness Department's way of ruling a country far surpassed Xing Qiong Clan's.

In an instant, he arrived in the capital. His body flickered, and the general flew out of the gourd once more, starting to spread out.

These generals would recruit the noble disciples and help them establish the Heaven Mending Society. They would first sweep through the world.

As expected, not long after, Gu Chensha felt waves of sacrificial power start to gather into his Divine Land Gourd.

His development speed was extremely fast. When the generals attacked, they would carry his Law Talismans. Once these talismans fell into the hands of the noble disciples, their minds would be monitored, and they would know what they could and couldn't do.

In order to quickly change the world and find the flaws in this dream world, Gu Chensha had to develop it as quickly as possible. He couldn't delay, so he used this method.

In just a few hours, almost eighty percent of the noble disciples in the capital city had become members of the Heaven Mending Society. Some of them didn't even know what was going on before they were implanted with Heart Runes of Law by the General of Common People. Then, these runes would tell them that they were members of the Heaven Mending Society, what they could and couldn't do, how to offer sacrifices, how to pray, and how to cultivate. Gu Chensha even taught them the Human Dragon Fist that he had derived.

The Human Dragon Fist not only contained the Dragon Nurturing Mantra, Dragon Creation Mantra, but also a portion of the Holy Dragon Mantra, as well as the Heaven Mending Dao and the Heaven Reforming Dao. No matter what, after cultivating it, one's aura would change, and one would have great strength and a flawless mind.

Gu Chensha let the noble disciples in the capital join the Heaven Mending Society, and then cultivate this dao. This way, they could quickly accumulate a huge force and infiltrate the common people.

"Next, it's time to kill the gods?"

Gu Chensha had created many generals to do things for him silently. After obtaining the Divine Land Gourd, Gu Chensha felt that it was time to kill some gods.

His first target was naturally the true gods that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had sealed back then.

"Lei Family, God of Thunder, you must be the first to make a sacrifice for my birth."

Gu Chensha looked up at the mountains high up in the Heavens. His eyes pierced through the endless space-time, and instantly, he saw that in some of the hidden space-time of the Endless Mainland, there were many God Kingdoms that shone like stars.

In the Heavens of the Endless Mainland, the stars shone brightly. It was unknown how high up they were from the ground, but in the midst of the stars, there were some God Kingdoms hidden. These were the God Kingdoms of the many True Gods.

A True God was a True God, and they possessed the position of a True God. They were not God tier beings. Gu Chensha's first target was the God of Thunder.

In the real world, the Lei Family was the most arrogant one, and they loved to go against the Calming Immortal Bureau the most. In fact, they even looked down on the authority of the Imperial Court. The two brothers, Lei Jiyuan and Lei Jixue, were still kneeling in the public square.

In this Fantasy World, because the God of Thunder was still around, the Lei Family was even more tyrannical. In fact, if a disciple of the Lei Family were to come out and offend a local official, they would be killed immediately. The Imperial Court did not dare to interfere at all, and would only send people to appease them. .....