Chapter 729
===========

Gu Chensha didn't advance to the God Realm, but he obtained the complete experience of a Martial Saint advancing to the Sky Lord Realm. Moreover, because he merged with the Martial Saint, it was the same as him advancing once. This was totally different from the memories of those giants in the past.

The memories of those giants also had some experience of advancing to the Sky Lord Realm, but it was totally different from him trying it himself.

Only during the process of advancing could he comprehend some things that he couldn't normally comprehend.

Personally comprehending this time, Gu Chensha's biggest gain was that he saw through the difference between rationality and his heart. He saw how to break through rationality and see through the buffs the Heavenly Dao gave to his soul. Rationality was the world view. The understanding of the truth of the world.

Now that he had broken through the world view that he thought was the truth and was no longer confused by the Heavenly Dao, he was able to open up a wider world. His soul entered an indescribable feeling. Thus, he cut off the connection between himself and the Common People's Commander.

The Common People's Commander became an independent existence, no longer a puppet like before. Instead, he had a huge amount of fate energy and luck. He could advance independently and cultivate on his own. Just as Gu Chensha cut off the thread of fate.

In many places all over the Divine Continent, the Common People's Commander underwent all sorts of unbelievable changes. First was in Farzhou.

Within the governor's manor, Wen Hanlong was reading through official documents. His cultivation had already reached the 26th transformation, 10,000 Techniques Return to One. He was just a bit away from breaking through to the 27th transformation, Seamless Two Worlds Realm. During these days as the governor of Farzhou, he had many fortuitous encounters. He had many precious treasures on him, all of which were ancient items.

His current combat strength was also quite impressive. He cultivated some of the secret techniques of the Calming Celestial Division, along with some treasures on him. Even a 29 transformation expert below the God Realm would find it hard to kill him.

He now controlled the military and political power of Dharma Province. The Calming Immortal Department had given him great power and support, but he didn't feel happy at all. Because Dharma Province was still the territory of the Dharma Saint. As long as the Dharma Saint exploded, he would immediately bear the brunt and die without a burial.

Fortunately, ever since Gu Chensha seized the North Star Continent from the hands of the Dharma Saint, the Celestial Tranquility Department had gained a Celestial Venerable King of Common Life, while the Dharma Saint suffered heavy losses. Hence, the Legalists completely ceased all activities and went into hiding.

This was how the Celestial Tranquility Department and the Legalists were able to gain the upper hand in Dharma Province.

"I hope that the Prince can attain the Divine level and activate the Heavenly Dao Arts, gaining control over the universe, eliminating the demonic aura, and suppressing the Dharma Saint."

Wen Hanlong looked into the depths of the inner hall. There was a ball of light flashing, and countless pieces of information flowed through it. It gave him a lot of inspiration. Many official documents were analyzed by this ball of light. In the depths of this ball of light was the Great Marshal of Common Life.

The Great Marshal of Common Life would forever be emotionless and would only know how to do things. He worked tirelessly, handling the administrative affairs of a region in an orderly manner.

This was the amazing thing about the Great Marshal of Common Life. Even if it was a trivial matter in a small village, he would be able to handle it in a timely manner. He was fair and strict, handling matters strictly according to the current laws of the Great Yongchō Court. No harsh person would be able to find fault with him.

Wen Hanlong did some calculations. This Great Marshal of Common Life had to handle millions of matters of various sizes every day, sending them to the various provincial capitals in a timely manner, then to the prefectural cities, counties, towns, villages, and even every household. Even with Fang Xingjian's current cultivation, he was left speechless by such efficiency.

Moreover, the Great Marshal of Common Life had been handling matters like this every day for several years. It could be said that the Great Marshal of Common Life was responsible for at least 60% of the world's stability.

It was only with the Great Marshal of Common Life working so hard that the commoners in the world would feel that they had someone to rely on no matter what.

Many commoners had started to get used to finding the Great Marshal of Common Life immediately. This was a form of dependence. Unknowingly, the Great Marshal of Common Life had become something that the commoners couldn't lack. Huge amounts of fate and merit surged in the dark. This was also a form of support. Honglong!

Just as Wen Hanlong was deep in thought, the Common People's Commander in the depths of the inner hall seemed to have undergone some sort of huge change. The sound of surging tides rang out from within, and then countless flames were born and extinguished, like shooting stars cutting through space. Waves of World Energy were born out.

"Could it be? God Realm? "

Wen Hanlong said fiercely, but then he looked up, "No, why does the Great Marshal of Common Life have his own fate?"

He was already at the level of Twenty Six Transformations, All Magic Return. In any profound immortal dao sect, or even a great clan, he would be an existence on the level of a grand elder. People at this level could observe one's fate and test one's luck.

Originally, as a puppet, the Great Marshal of Common Life didn't have his own fate and luck. This meant that even normal commoners had their own fortuitous encounters, but the Great Marshal of Common Life didn't.

But now, huge amounts of fate started to merge into the Great Marshal of Common Life's body. The luck accumulated over the years started to ferment and merge with his body. Then, it actually caused the Great Marshal of Common Life to step into the God Realm.

The Great Marshal of Common Life had been doing things for the commoners. He was fair and just and would grant all their requests. From the officials to the commoners, everyone knew that he could solve all problems. As time went on, the commoners developed a sense of trust and reliance. This emotion was also a form of sacrificial power.

This power had accumulated a lot and was originally stored in the Great Marshal of Common Life's body. Now, it was all refined. Just based on this point, his strength instantly broke through to the God Realm.

Originally, as long as Gu Chensha didn't break through to the God Realm, even if the Great Marshal of Common Life accumulated more, he wouldn't be able to break through. But now that Gu Chensha comprehended the mysteries and cut off the threads of fate, it allowed the Great Marshal of Common Life to be independent and immediately refined the sacrificial power. It was only natural that the Great Marshal of Common Life would break through to the God Realm.

"What the hell happened?"

Wen Hanlong was shocked, "No matter what, this is a great thing. God Realm and not being God Realm are totally different. The Great Marshal of Common Life was originally at the 29 Transformation of Dao Realm comprehending the Chaos Realm, but now he is at the 30 Transformation of World Creation Realm. Such cultivation is the blessing of all the commoners." The Great Marshal of Common Life was evolving to become a God Realm.

In history, God Realm experts all traveled to various worlds. They were true giants, otherwise, they wouldn't be called God Realm.

Even the Sage Clans that had existed for thousands of years, such as the Legalism Clan, only had 13 Divine level experts in the past. The Wu Clan also had nine Divine level experts. Now that these Great Commanders of the common people had advanced to the Divine level, they had an additional 360 Divine level experts.

Like this, each of the 99 states could have at least 3 God Realm Great Marshal of Common Life. Some small people wouldn't be able to mess up the situation.

Moreover, the God Realm's ability to deal with government affairs was 10 times stronger than the 29 Transformation of Chaos Realm. To what extent would the world flourish? Wen Hanlong was looking forward to it. He also knew that above the Great Marshal of Common Life was the Common Life Marquis. Above the Common Life Marquis was the King of Common Life. However, that was a true Sky Venerable. Thinking about that, Wen Hanlong felt much more at ease.

Heaven Venerable Common People's King, peak 36 Transformation Common People's Marquis, 360 Dao Realm 30 Transformation Common People's Generals.

Such a lineup would be able to manage the world. Along with Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, Gu Huasha, Fushou God, Jin Suibo, etc., there was also the medium-sized world's Common People's Wish Ball.

Wen Hanlong knew that it would be extremely difficult for any power to shake the Great Marshal of Calming Xian.

"I hope that the Great Marshal of Calming Xian will become stronger and stronger. It would be best if King Chen could become a Sky Venerable! Then, he would be truly invincible.

Of course, it would be best if Princess Yuefu could become a Sky Venerable. Princess Yuefu has just stepped into God Realm and can beat the 35 Transformation Desolate King to the point of running away. "

Wen Hanlong was pumped up, "I have to work hard in case all the governors catch up. My cultivation is still the top out of all the governors." The Common People's Great Marshal's advancement shocked many people. On the giant stone wall, Martial Saint was still in the midst of his transformation. Actually, he still hadn't become a Sky Venerable.

The process of becoming a Sky Venerable was really complicated. It was the same as abandoning everything he had and entering a brand new domain.

Such a transformation couldn't be completed in a short period of time. However, with the help of Gu Chensha's Heaven Path Technique, he could shorten the time needed to complete it.

Advancing to Sky Venerable was a huge change. The giant stone wall was affected by this power, like it was injected with some sort of life force. It then became alive, like it was about to turn into a giant dragon that protected the God Land. As the saying went, when a man achieved the Dao, even his chickens and dogs would ascend to heaven.

Even when advancing to God Realm, the power of the world would surge, and the people around would receive great benefits. When advancing to Sage, under the illumination of the sacred light, the people in the family would also gain all sorts of wisdom and comprehension. The moment one advanced to Sky Venerable, the people around would feel another kind of miracle.

Gu Chensha had deliberately brought Martial Saint to the giant stone wall to advance, so that he could activate some sort of mysterious power within the entire wall.

This giant stone wall was a relic left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. To ordinary people, it was just a magnificent building, a fortress to defend against the invasion of the Barbarian Race. However, to Gu Chensha, this giant stone wall was definitely a layout that could change the entire God Land.

It was just that he hadn't been able to comprehend the true meaning behind the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's creation of this giant stone wall. Rumble! It was the most crucial moment of the Martial Saint's transformation.

Suddenly, from the depths of the void, a palm with the essence of the sun and moon, as well as the power of the universe, quietly reached out and enveloped Martial Saint. The Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, had made his move.

He had been waiting for this opportunity. Halfway through the Martial Saint's advancement to Sky Venerable, it was the best time for him to capture and refine.