Chapter 772
===========

"You people can't even work together."

When Gu Chensha heard the Immortal Lord's threat, he couldn't help but laugh. "I dare say that if you form an alliance, you'll kill each other in less than three days. I'm more afraid you won't form an alliance. If you do, I can immediately activate a plan to destroy you. Think about it, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, isn't someone who's willing to be the leader of your alliance. Then, he'll take it by force. On the first day of the alliance, the God System you left behind from the prehistoric civilization will fall into his hands.

With that treasure, he'll be like a tiger that has grown wings. He'll have the confidence to fight me, and maybe even kill me. Do you think he'll let you go? " "Gu Chensha, what are you trying to do?" The Immortal Lord didn't hold back. "If you're going to be so aggressive today, then we'll fight. I'm not afraid of both sides suffering.

The world is in chaos, and I've set up many pawns in the Heavenly Craftsmanship Institute. I'm sure you know that if I act recklessly, the world you've worked so hard to build will fall into chaos. Who knows how many people will bleed? " "Immortal Lord, are you threatening me?" Gu Chensha's eyes flashed with coldness.

"I'm not threatening you. I'm just stating a fact. If we fight, if we tear apart all pretense of cordiality, then both sides will suffer. In the end, you're just a junior."

The Immortal Master seemed to be truly enraged. "I've seen all kinds of destruction over the years. I've destroyed countless countries and worlds, and witnessed the rise and fall of many eras. Although the Eternal Dynasty is prosperous for a time, it's nothing more than a fleeting cloud to me. However, it's very important to you. If I don't care about anything, the world will be thrown into chaos, and I want to see how you're going to deal with it. In the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman, the great calamity will descend.

The reason that your Calming Immortal Division's dimensional realm is able to revolve so quickly is because of all the mysteries that the Little Grandmist Tree has derived. In the end, all of this is because of the destiny of the Imperial Court and the faith of the people. Currently, the Imperial Court has a population of 30 billion people, and every day they will produce a massive amount of the power of the will of the people. If there is any turmoil, then I fear that the will of the people will scatter and your Calming Immortal Division will immediately be unable to make ends meet. You must consider this point carefully. In other words, I can act recklessly, but you can't. This is the so-called fear of hurting the innocent. "

"Immortal Lord, you established the Heavenly Designer Institute and secretly gathered faith from the people. Do you really think I don't know?"

Gu Chensha waved his hand and said, "You also need to gather the hearts of the people of China and pour them into it. Only then can you activate your God System. In fact, the faith of all worlds is not as important as the faith and hearts of the people of China. Only those who have mastered the orthodoxy of China can be called the Son of Heaven.

It wasn't easy for him to establish such a good situation, so he definitely wouldn't dare to mess around.

As for me, as long as you stir up trouble, I have absolute confidence that I can suppress you. I'm not afraid of the turmoil in the world. The more turbulent the world is, the more talented people will appear. The heroes of our Calming Immortal Division are born from blood and fire. "

"After saying so much, you still won't give up?" The Immortal Lord seemed to have lost his patience. "In that case, let's fight to the death." "Well said."

Just then, a voice was heard. A man wearing a long robe and a mask appeared next to the Immortal Lord. Who else could it be but Wan Senshi?

"Wan Senshi, you're here too? Advancing and retreating together with the Immortal Lord?

You two old antiques, ancient existences from the primal chaos. You seem united on the surface, but you're actually divided at heart. You're nothing more than a motley crew. Back when you captured my subordinate Yuhuan Lu and organized some Alliance of Myriad Immortals, you should have known this would happen to you. "Gu Chensha had long since guessed that Wan Senshi would appear.

"Junior, you can only be so arrogant for a while."

It was hard to tell what kind of face Wan Senshi had behind the mask, but from his words, one could hear the murderous intent in them. "But if I join forces with the Immortal Lord, I'm afraid your Calming Immortal Division can't do anything to us." "What other experts are there? Come out at once." Gu Chensha ignored Wan Senshi's words. All of a sudden, a ring of light appeared in the air.

Within the ring of light, an old man appeared. He was nine feet tall, extremely slender, with a beard that reached his chest. His eyebrows were all white, but his hair was fiery red, like dancing flames. With one glance, one could tell that he possessed an earth-shattering fighting will. His cultivation base was actually not below that of Wan Senshi and the Immortal Lord.

One had to know that both Wan Senshi and the Immortal Lord were in the Celestial Longevity Realm, which meant that they stood at the peak of all worlds. Up until now, if you didn't count Heavenly Talisman Grand Emperor Gu Taxian, there hadn't been anyone in the Celestial Prime Realm.

Of course, in the future, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, would be able to cultivate to the Celestial Prime Realm. After all, their innate nature was already different. Yet another Celestial Longevity Realm old-timer. An existence like that was enough to suppress all the worlds in the world.

Gu Chensha wasn't afraid of the Immortal Lord, but with Wan Senshi and another old-timer at the same level, it was terrifying.

If the three of them joined forces, he would be at a disadvantage. After all, no matter how strong he was, he was only at the thirty-second transformation of the Dao Realm, One Thought Heavenspan. The difference between that level and the Celestial Longevity Realm was incalculable.

But when Gu Chensha saw the white-browed, red-haired old man, he wasn't surprised. It was as if he had expected this. His gaze was as sharp as a blade. "Who would have thought that one of the three Celestial Sovereigns, Victorious Fighter, would finally appear? He must have comprehended some secret of the Primordial Tree? "

That's right, this was one of the three legendary Celestial Sovereigns, Victorious Fighter's true form. Dou Nineteen and Dou Yiyu's father. Victorious Fighter, who had dominated the primeval times and had never been defeated.

The three Celestial Sovereigns hadn't been the strongest since ancient times, but they were the best at scheming. Who knew how many tribulations they had gone through? They had survived countless battles between immortals, demons, monsters, and gods, and each time, they had obtained enough benefits.

This was especially true during the era of the Ancient Emperors. They had been the masters of every generation of Ancient Emperors, searching for Children of Destiny and teaching them.

The Emperor had unified the Divine Prefecture and suppressed the four seas. Everyone in the world knew that the Emperor's masters were the three Celestial Sovereigns. This showed just how powerful the three Celestial Sovereigns were. In the Immortal Dao, the decrees of the three Celestial Sovereigns were the truth.

In the Immortal Dao, the old ancestor of the Black Heaven Earth Sect, Old Ancestor Heaven Earth, and the Taiyi Mystic Sect's Heavenly Lord Taiyi had all died because of the schemes of the three Celestial Sovereigns.

Over the past tens of thousands of years, anyone who obeyed the three Celestial Sovereigns would be safe, while anyone who disobeyed them would die. This was the power of the three Celestial Sovereigns.

Although this was Gu Chensha's first time seeing Victorious Fighter, he had long heard of this Celestial Sovereign's name. He had even learned what Victorious Fighter's true form looked like from Dou Nineteen's memories.

"The world is truly filled with geniuses. To think that a hero like you would actually be born. Even I have no choice but to come out together with Immortal Master Wan and Senior Immortal Master. I want to see just how powerful the person who truly controls the world is."

Victorious Fighter was indeed a junior to Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master, but he didn't seem to be any weaker than the two old geezers.

Moreover, there seemed to be a vast and mysterious aura on Victorious Fighter's body. It was much purer, more majestic, and more majestic than the little Hong Meng Tree's aura. This was the real Hong Meng Qi. It came from the Hong Meng Tree.

The three Celestial Sovereigns hadn't come out for a long time because they were scheming to obtain the Hong Meng Tree. They wanted to obtain this mysterious existence, because the tree seemed to be formed from some secret that was outside of the Heavenly Dao. To the Heavenly Dao, it was like an outsider. Although it was ruled by the Heavenly Dao in name, it had its own internal system.

The three great magic treasures were the Primeval Dragon Gate, the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree, and the Hong Meng Tree.

Among them, the Hong Meng Tree was the strongest. Who knew how many connate spiritual treasures it had given birth to? Even supreme Buddhas had been born from the Hong Meng Tree.

"Congratulations, Victorious Fighter. You three Celestial Sovereigns have finally obtained a portion of the Hong Meng Tree's power through the manipulation of the Heavenly Dao. Now, you can use some of the tree's power. It was because of these methods that you finally came out, Victorious Fighter. I'm sure Celestial Yuan Gu and Celestial Pu Tuo couldn't wait any longer, "Gu Chensha said.

"I came here to resolve the conflict. I came for the sake of the people of the world," Victorious Fighter said righteously.

The Celestial Lord Victorious Fighter spoke righteously, "Your battle with the Heavenly Designer Institution has caused the world to bleed. You must not do this. Also, the outcome of the battle between my daughter and Chang Weiyang has already been decided. Gu Chensha, do you not want to know about this?" "Oh?"

Gu Chensha's expression changed. He was indeed worried about this matter, but because it was related to Chang Weiyang's life and death, he wouldn't interfere. If Chang Weiyang could pass this hurdle, she would be able to break through to the Celestial Sovereign realm. Dou Yiyu was the same. He narrowed his eyes and rapidly calculated. All of a sudden, killing intent surged from his body. "My goodness, Chang Weiyang has fallen into your hands?" "That's not it."

Victorious Fighter smiled, as if everything was under his control. "My daughter and Chang Weiyang were enemies during the battle. In the end, they admired each other and became friends. They became friends who would rely on each other for life and death. Then, both of them broke through to the Celestial Sovereign realm. Now, the two of them have entered the Primordial Tree to cultivate. Chang Weiyang has also become our disciple. This is a good thing. What do you think? " "What a joke!"

Gu Chensha's killing intent surged. "Chang Weiyang comprehended an Anomaly herself. She's a true heaven-defying Dao. She even dared to resist the Heavenly Dao. Who do you three Celestial Sovereigns think you are? At the end of the day, you're just three old dogs struggling at death's door. Are you even worthy of being Chang Weiyang's master? Do you really think I can't calculate it? How can the three of you old dogs compare to my cultivation? " "You!"

Heavenly Venerate Victorious Fighter had never expected that Gu Chensha would be so impolite as to directly call him three old dogs. His hair seemed to instantly turn into a flaming hell as a terrifying aura enveloped the vast space-time. .....