Chapter 240
===========

"You're testing me?" Gu Chensha was not surprised by the return of the green and white snakes.

"Young Master really wants us to leave. It's clear that his state of mind is open and aboveboard. He doesn't covet our Heavenly Demon Book. In addition, Young Master saved us from danger and expended his Stellar Energy to raise our realm. If we don't repay this favor, we will definitely be doomed in the future," said the white snake hurriedly.

"Right, right. I didn't expect you to be so strong. Moreover, my sister and I comprehended it for a long time and were unable to comprehend the Sky Monster Shell Shedding Technique. You actually comprehended it long ago and even taught it to us. In the future, we will learn from you." Little Green glanced at Gu Chensha and didn't stop.

Gu Chensha didn't mind and just asked the white snake, "Are you really willing to leave the Ten Thousand Dragon Nest?" "I am willing." The white snake nodded her head.

"Since that is the case, then I don't mind telling you."

Gu Chensha said, "I am the nineteenth prince, one of the three heads of the Calming Celestial Division, Duke Chen. In the world, only the Calming Celestial Division can protect you from the Sky Monster Book. But since you have joined me, you are part of the Imperial Dynasty. This isn't child's play and you have to follow the laws of the Imperial Dynasty. Do you understand? " "Thank you, Young Master."

When they heard Gu Chensha reveal his identity, the two snakes were delighted. They didn't expect him to have such a backer.

"So, Young Master is the one who killed the 14 Transformation Soul Lightning Beast King at Dao Realm Six Transformation."

The white snake was shocked, "Lightning Beast King is a really strong person among us Monster Kings. He is much stronger than Iron Roc King and Jiang Xue He. Celestials at the same realm aren't his match at all. Young Master crossed eight realms to kill him. Even a Saint can't do that."

Gu Chensha's most famous battle was during the Buzhou Palace fight when he instantly killed Lightning Beast King with one sword.

Lightning Beast King was really famous out of all the Monster Race Kings. He was talented and had thick earth energy.

He was actually killed by someone who crossed eight realms. When Gu Chensha's aura spread out, he was only weaker than Fa Wuxian.

No one would say that he was a good-for-nothing prince anymore. Instead, he was an ambitious and ruthless person who amazed the world with a single brilliant feat.

Of course, the battle he was most proud of was defeating Gu Huo. However, that battle took place at the bottom of the sea, and not many people knew about it. It was a secret.

Furthermore, he was supposed to lose the battle against Gu Huo. However, he had set up an ambush in advance, using the Black Tortoise baby to hide in the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar. With a single strike, he had snatched Gu Huo's Golden Core.

"We are now people of the imperial court?" Little Qing almost didn't dare to believe it. "The greatest power in the world?

I heard that even the old master was humiliated by the imperial court, and the Nest of 10,000 Dragons was almost overturned. "

"Little Blue, we're no longer members of the Nest of 10,000 Dragons. You can't call him Old Master or Young Master anymore," the White Snake hurriedly chided.

"Follow me for now and be my maidservants. You don't have to go back for now." Gu Chensha said, "I want to stay in Wu Zhou City for a while." "Young Master, are you looking for the reincarnation of the Martial Song Star?" White Snake asked.

"Oh? The Nest of 10,000 Dragons also knows about this? "

Gu Chensha was a bit curious. "But with Li Wanlong's supreme power, he should be able to find some clues. Tell me, what else do you know? "

"The reincarnation of Xing Chen has a time to awaken. If we can find this person before the awakening, we can extract the Profound Meaning of Stars before it completely fuses with the soul. After refining it, we can become the reincarnation of Xing Chen.

If the Profound Meaning of Stars fuses with the soul, it will be useless even if we kill this person and refine his soul, "the White Snake said.

Gu Chensha listened and pondered in his heart. He recalled the records in many history books. For example, a few days after the birth of the founding ancestor, the house was filled with a strange fragrance and scarlet light. After a few days, there were no more abnormalities. This was a process of awakening.

If the Profound Meaning of Stars fell into someone's body, it would not awaken immediately. It would depend on fate.

Once the fate arrived, it would be activated by some kind of change in the Heavenly Dao, and it would awaken. When awakening, a person would appear.

During this time, if someone seized the chance to extract the Profound Meaning of Stars, they would gain great benefits.

"Li Wanlong also predicted that the person who reincarnated from the Martial Song Star would appear in the Wu Prefecture?" Gu Chensha knew that his ability to predict the heavenly secrets was no match for this Demon Clan Great Saint. The Monster Race was a top expert in the world, even stronger than the Gods.

"This is what we heard. The reincarnation of Martial Song Star is unbelievably strong. He was born with supreme martial arts skills. If he is obtained by someone, his aptitude will increase greatly. The Monster Saint wants to obtain the Profound Meaning of Martial Song Star, then the Profound Meaning of Literati Star, and then the Profound Meaning of Literati Star, then the Profound Meaning of Martial Song Star, and then the Profound Meaning of Literati Star, breaking through to another level." That was all the White Snake knew.

"This is not a secret. This time, when the Profound Meaning of Stars falls on the earth, some people will rise, and some will fall. A great era is coming, and there will definitely be thousands of peerless characters born, and thousands of peerless characters will fall." Gu Chensha looked at the location of the Great Stone Wall outside the pass. It was where the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's palace was located. He wondered what the Heavenly Talisman Emperor would do when the world was in turmoil.

"Young Master, the world is in turmoil now, and the general trend is changing. Our top priority is to increase our strength. The cultivation technique recorded in the Book of Sky Fey may be magical, but the most important thing is the book itself. It contains a huge space, and in it are the treasures left behind by Goddess Hu Gu, as well as ancient treasures. If Young Master can open the space within, we sisters can also obtain the treasures." White Snake once again offered the Book of Sky Fey.

"Alright."

Gu Chensha took the Book of Sky Fey and injected his Innate Stellar Qi into it, preparing to open the space within. However, no matter how he tried, it was useless.

He had also learned the Sky Fey Mystic Art, so he immediately transformed the Solar Moon Dragon Handle into Sky Fey Stellar Qi. However, it was still useless. The Book of Sky Fey didn't move at all, and he couldn't even open it.

Only when the book landed in the hands of White Snake and Green Snake could they open it and read its contents. Gu Chensha learned many Dharma spells from the two girls while they flipped through it.

"What a joke." Gu Chensha opened his mouth and spat out a golden light. "Dragon Gate!" Boom!

The Dragon Gate in his body appeared and transformed into the height of a person. It stood towering, causing the green and white snakes to retreat.

Gu Chensha placed the Book of Sky Fey into the depths of the Dragon Gate. Immediately, the endless airflow in the Dragon Gate spun as it attempted to refine the restrictions on the book.

The Dragon Gate had fused with the Sea Carrying Gourd, Sun Swallowing Serpent Pouch, and Celestial Dragon Bracelet. With Gu Chensha refining it day and night, it was already extremely wondrous. Furthermore, the higher Gu Chensha's cultivation level was, the more he could refine this treasure and unleash its might.

The treasure devoured the Book of Sky Fey. The airflow inside squirmed as though it wanted to digest the book. The Book of Sky Fey surged with demonic aura as it resisted the Dragon Gate's refinement. This book is indeed impressive.

Gu Chensha refined it for six hours and the book didn't move at all. There were no signs of it being opened at all. Only then did he know that a treasure like the Book of Sky Fey wasn't something he could refine.

Unless he accumulated enough souls and used the power of the Heaven Dao to use the Destruction Sacrifice to open the restrictions in the book, he wouldn't be able to do anything even if he raised a few more realms.

He was now at Dao Realm Transformation 10, Multitasking. Next, he had to gather his Spiritual Sense and spread it out like a tentacle to cultivate Dao Realm Transformation 11, Soul Tentacle.

Upon reaching this realm, he would be able to permeate his Divine Sense into a Dharma treasure and understand its structure. He could even send his Divine Sense Tendrils deep underground to understand the various mysteries of the underground. He could even send his Divine Sense Tendrils into many Dimensional Voids to understand the secrets of Yuan Qi.

This realm wasn't simple. Once he cultivated it, many of his abilities would increase and his control of Xiantian Earth Energy would improve. However, it was still useless to open the Book of Sky Fey.

Not only did the book have the imprints of many ancient demon sages, but it also had the seal of Hu Gu God. The book itself was also a supreme divine artifact, almost comparable to the treasures of the 72 ancient sects of the Immortal Path. To completely unlock the secrets within, Gu Chensha would probably have to cultivate to the Golden Core of the Great Path with his own cultivation.

"Forget it, I can't open it now."

Gu Chensha returned the book to the green and white snakes. "Open this book and memorize the contents of the book for the next few days. Then, practice them one by one. I will explain them to you.

Since we have nothing to do, let's cultivate in the nearby mountains and see if there are any changes in Wuzhou City. "

"Yes, Young Master." The two snakes knew that Gu Chensha really didn't have any greedy thoughts about the Book of Sky Fey.

Immediately, the three of them built a hut in the nearby mountains and observed the changes in Wuzhou City while cultivating the Book of Sky Fey.

Gu Chensha had the intention to test his abilities. He circulated his Xiantian Earth Energy and instantly transformed it into thousands of large hands that extended out in all directions. Each large hand grabbed a mountain rock and gently scooped it out, grabbing a piece that weighed tens of thousands of kilograms. Then, with a slight pinch in the Earth Energy hands, it ignited into a raging fire and refined the rock into jade.

In less than an hour, the tens of thousands of Aura Qi hands had built a temple in the mountain. They had even built an altar and many stone mythological beasts.

Those stone divine beasts were refined by Gu Chensha using mountain rocks according to the 28 constellations. They corresponded to the stars in the sky.

There was also a stone altar in the center of the temple. It was an acre in size. It was filled with clear water and reflected the stars in the sky.

In just one day, earth-shattering changes took place in this mountain. Several palaces rose from the ground, the altar stood in the center, and the huge stone divine beasts were arranged in various mysterious positions. If it was built by ordinary people, it would take several years to complete even if the efficiency was high and tens of thousands of people were used. This was the magical effect of having a thick Xiantian Earth Energy.

Back then, Gu Chensha used a Seven Sacred Heart Refining Pill to exchange for the Celestial Crafts Institute's Herculean Ghost God to build the Black Tortoise's castle in his fief.

If it was now, there was no need for the Celestial Crafts Institute's Herculean Ghost God. He could do it himself and even do it better.

"East Azure Dragon, West White Tiger, South Vermillion Bird, North Black Tortoise!

The 28 constellations, Horn Wood Dragon, Kang Gold Dragon, Di Earth Raccoon, Room Fire Pig … Descending Star Power, Refining Star Flying God, Heavenly Cycle Star Sacrifice! "

In just one day, Gu Chensha built the training ground in the mountain. When he saw the stars in the sky at night, he immediately used the Star Sacrifice Technique of the Son of Heaven Investiture Art.

Suddenly, starlight fell from the sky and landed on the 28 stone divine beasts. Soon, the stone divine beasts were covered with a layer of starlight.