Chapter 374
===========

Fa Wuxian had been silent for too long. Ever since Zhuge Ya appeared, he had restrained his actions and disappeared from everyone's sight. Actually, he had been cultivating in secret and holding back his anger.

The Dao of Battle Sage that he comprehended was to fight against the heavens, against the earth, and against people.

In the battle at Bu Zhou Palace many years ago, he had activated this Dao but was unable to take down Lou Baiyue's Great Massacre God Technique. It was a great humiliation.

This time, he wanted to kill Si Jing Xian and capture Zhuge Ya to prove that he was the number one Natural Born Saint and that he could dominate the world. But now, he knew that it was still too early for him to be on par with Zhuge Ya. Coincidentally, Jing Qiu had given him a chance.

Jing Qiu had many treasures on him, especially the profound meaning of the Myrtle Imperial Star, the Green Dragon Blood, and the Gou Chen Blood. When fused together, Fa Wuxian's battle techniques and aptitude would increase once again.

Even the "Natural Born Saint" aptitude was actually divided into different grades. For example, Zhuge Ya, Grand Preceptor Wen Hong, and Fa Wuxian were all of this grade. But in terms of aptitude, Zhuge Ya was the strongest, Wen Hong was about the same, and Fa Wuxian was slightly weaker than the other two. This meant that Fa Wuxian still had room for improvement.

After he captured and killed Jing Qiu, his strength would increase, and after some hard work, he would be able to find Si Jing Xian.

Moreover, if an expert like Jing Qiu fought with him to the death, he would be able to greatly improve himself. His Dao of Battle Sage was very pure. It was to fight, fight, and fight again. To abandon everything and not consider anything else. Everything was for the sake of fighting. Kill!

Jing Qiu punched out again. The fist force was mixed with magic power, and it seemed to cover the sky.

His 36 doppelgangers also punched out, and the Sky Concealing Formation kept rotating, pressing, and pulling, wanting to completely tear Fa Wuxian apart.

"What a Heavenly Dipper Extreme Dao Transformation. If it were any other Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth, they would have been completely destroyed by this move."

Fa Wuxian could feel immense pressure coming from all directions. He couldn't escape or dodge, he could only take the attack head-on.

Suddenly, his body transformed into a ring. The ring was divided into two sides, one black and one white. Within the ring, there was a black and a white ring.

Countless transformations took place. All the magic power that was sent into the depths of the ring vanished into thin air or was completely absorbed.

At the Dao Realm 22 Transformations, Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth, one could transform into anything in the world. Naturally, one could use their body to transform into all sorts of treasures. The "Black Gate of Heaven and Earth" that Jing Fanxing had transformed into was extremely powerful.

And now, the magic treasure Fa Wuxian had transformed into was the Legalism's cornerstone treasure, the Unified Cutting Dharma Ring.

This bracelet could suppress the school of Legalism's karmic luck, and it had all sorts of unimaginable uses. Fa Wuxian was able to use his body's transformations to simulate some of the uses, and he was actually able to block Jing Qiu's attack. Buzz … A mysterious phenomenon appeared in heaven and earth.

When Jing Qiu and Fa Wuxian's magic power clashed with one another, the ocean water flew into the sky. It was as if heaven and earth had flipped. The sky was the ocean and the ground was the clouds.

"Lock."

Jing Qiu's 36 magic clones all had supreme uses, and now they were all quickly setting up astral steps. Above their heads, a purple energy current appeared. That was the shaking of magic power, and it started to absorb celestial energy from the Celestial World to attack.

A purple ripple spread out, and the sky within dozens of miles turned into a giant purple crystal rectangle. Within the rectangle, Fa Wuxian and Jing Qiu faced off once more.

"This is the technique of the three Celestial Venerables, Primordial Celestial Realm!"

Fa Wuxian looked at the purple crystal rectangle around him. It was formed from celestial energy, but when the celestial energy changed, it contained a portion of the Celestial World's will. It was vast and indestructible.

"That's right. This is the Primordial Celestial Realm. It uses a secret technique to draw upon the Celestial World's will to create a realm that can seal the enemy and prevent them from escaping."

Jing Qiu calmed down completely. "This is not my own power, but the power I borrowed from the Celestial World. It's the will of the dimension.

This technique can even isolate all magic treasures. Originally, I was confident that I could kill Zhuge Ya by using this technique with the Central Wutu Great Virtue Flag. Unfortunately, I miscalculated. But this time, even without the Central Wutu Great Virtue Flag, I'm confident that you won't be able to escape. "

"The three Celestial Venerables are really troublemakers. They don't have the confidence to face Gu Taxian directly, and they don't know what Gu Taxian is up to. So they raised some pawns, like you, the Ancient Black Sand, and some others." Fa Wuxian laughed coldly. "Looks like you're determined to kill me today?"

"It's not that I want to kill you. You are the one blinded by greed. Do you really think that my Jing Clan is a stray dog?"

Jing Qiu seemed to have seen through Fa Wuxian's thoughts. "There's a path to heaven, but you don't want to take it. Instead, you barge into the gates of hell."

As Fa Wuxian spoke, he secretly circulated his magic energy, wanting to seep it out. However, it was useless.

"It's useless. If the Primordial Celestial Realm can be broken through, the three Celestial Venerables would have lived for nothing." Jing Qiu had already grasped every action of Fa Wuxian.

At this moment, in the desert far away, Gu Chensha was still in the form of a speck of sand. He floated in the air along with the wind, secretly observing the battle on the sea surface.

In his eyes, Jing Qiu and Fa Wuxian were fighting within the huge Amethyst cuboid in the distance. However, the power of their battle did not leak out at all. Instead, it was absorbed by the Amethyst cuboid, which made the Amethyst cuboid even more sturdy. The sealing power was even stronger. Layer by layer, it pressed down on Fa Wuxian.

"Jing Qiu is truly awesome."

Gu Chensha stared at this battle. There was no suspense at all. From the start to the end, Jing Qiu had the upper hand. Even if Fa Wuxian was an innate saint, he had no way to retaliate.

"This Primordial Celestial Realm can actually borrow the will of the immortal world to form a domain, sealing the surroundings and absorbing the aftershocks of the battle. This means that every time Fa Wuxian attacks, he is actually helping the immortal realm to strengthen itself. Fa Wuxian is actually fighting against a trace of the will of the immortal world. There's basically no chance of victory. Now, we can only see if he can escape or not. However, Fa Wuxian definitely has some trump cards up his sleeves." Gu Chensha comprehended many principles from watching Jing Qiu's battle.

This was especially so because this' Primordial Celestial Realm 'was extremely similar to the Great Massacre Divine Art. However, the Great Massacre Divine Art was much more profound and exquisite compared to the Primordial Celestial Realm. It was just that Gu Chensha was far from being able to comprehend the essence of the Great Massacre Divine Art. Even Lou Baiyue had only comprehended 1% of the profundities.

During the battle between Fa Wuxian and Jing Qiu, Gu Chensha imprinted the entire scene into his sea of consciousness. He used all his mental energy to calculate and analyze, trying to unravel the secrets and essence of their cultivation. This battle was of great benefit to him.

After an hour, the battle between Fa Wuxian and Jing Qiu grew more and more intense. The Primordial Celestial Realm was also shrinking, shrinking from tens of miles to only a few miles, squeezing Fa Wuxian's combat and survival space. If there were no accidents, Fa Wuxian would definitely be killed by Jing Qiu.

A large amount of information was collected by Gu Chensha into his sea of consciousness. After that, he started to calculate. Regardless of whether it was Jing Qiu or Fa Wuxian, the current Gu Chensha wouldn't be able to do anything to them. In fact, he might even be at a disadvantage in a one-on-one fight.

Don't think that Jing Fanxing and Fa Wuxian were at the same realm, the 22 Transformations of Dao Realm Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth. In truth, their combat strength was worlds apart.

Gu Chensha could use the Banish Celestial Technique to casually toy with Jing Fanxing but against Fa Wuxian, he could only flee. After all, be it talent or cultivation, he was far from Fa Wuxian.

Of course, after the Grotto-Heaven Grand Ceremony, Law Emperor Grand Ceremony, Hundred World Grand Ceremony, and after merging the God of Five Seasons, Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Xuanwu bloodlines, the strength of his physical body far exceeded that of Fa Wuxian.

If he had also advanced to the 22 Transformations, Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth, then Fa Wuxian would definitely not be his match.

After all, since ancient times, no one had gathered the Gou Chen, Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Xuanwu bloodlines.

Even if the Legalists were really strong, they definitely wouldn't be able to obtain all these bloodlines.

On the other hand, Calm Celestial Division was really lucky. The few main leaders, Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, Zhuge Ya, The Fourth, and Jin Suibo all had the five bloodlines. They were circulating in their bodies to gather and raise their strength. However, these bloodlines were still a little thin. If he could get more, he could strengthen them.

The best way was to capture Gou Chen's main body and then obtain the Saint Level Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Xuanwu bloodlines. Only then would these bloodlines be complete.

Gu Chensha tried his best to deduce and in the depths of his mind, the potential in his body was ignited. His heart split and his 300,000-task mind became 600,000-task mind. His Primordial Soul power doubled again. With the Essence Soul and the Xiantian Energy in his body, his Golden Pellet could be strengthened.

"It seems like my foundation stabilizing technique is having some effect. Once I raise my Essence Soul Power to the 100,000-task mind level, my foundation will be stable and I will break through to Dao Realm 20 Transformations. It won't be too late for me to start cultivating. There is no rush now."

After Gu Chensha's Essence Soul Power broke through to the 600,000-task mind level, be it absorbing energy from the outside world or purifying the impurities in his Golden Pellet, it became much easier.

Under his divine technique, many of the wondrous techniques in the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art had made great progress.

Normally speaking, people like him who could change their size 19 times would at most be able to do 10,000 things with one heart or 20,000 to 30,000 things. They were far from his level.

Gu Chensha hid even deeper, but his observation was even clearer. He had finally achieved a breakthrough after accumulating and comprehending for the past few days. He felt very gratified.

And at this moment, within the Primordial Ancient Celestial Realm, Fa Wuxian had already been forced into a desperate situation, and he started to retaliate. Weng …