Chapter 506
===========

"Since that's the case, I'll give you a chance."

Gu Chensha waved his hand, and two talismans entered Wang Qingzhu and Meng Yinyun's bodies. "This is an ancient curse. If you have any ulterior motives, activate it immediately. Banish the Immortals, and you'll end up like Ba Jufeng."

Of course, he wouldn't let go of Wang Qingzhu and Meng Yinyun just like that. Otherwise, the two of them would harbor resentment and try to take revenge at any time.

In order to properly manage the Mystic Dao Sect, one had to use both kindness and authority. Blindly appeasing them was akin to nurturing evil. Any prince would learn this from a young age.

Everyone landed. Wang Qingzhu and Meng Yinyun looked at each other. Only now did they sense the might of the Celestial Calmness Department.

"The two of you should immediately suppress the formation core of the Illusory Chess Islands and circulate your magic power. If you're the slightest bit slow and His Highness blames you again, the punishment won't be the same." Jin Suibo led the two of them to suppress the formation core.

The two of them had suffered a great loss, so they naturally couldn't face their fellow daoists. They obediently followed Jin Suibo and landed at the two key points of the islands. Then, Jin Suibo sent Ba Jufeng's talisman into the third eye. Rumble! The islands within hundreds of thousands of kilometers seemed to come to life.

Three enormous dragons of magic power condensed in the sky, then dove into the depths of the sea, covering the entire islands. Boundless spiritual energy surged into the islands, and a defensive formation began to activate. The various palaces and pagodas on the islands began to shine with light.

A sect with two undying bodies and an expert of All Things Return to One would be able to absorb vital energy and condense it. It would definitely operate very quickly.

It was important to note that the three experts had given up on their own cultivation in order to focus on hard labor. This kind of efficiency was simply too high. Thump!

At this time, Ba Jufeng knelt down and begged bitterly, "Your Highness, Your Highness, I know I was wrong. Let me recover my cultivation. I don't want to be an ordinary person." "How could it be so easy?"

Gu Chensha snorted coldly. "Your cultivation is so high, so you should know that the Immortals Banishing the Immortals are irreversible. Once all your magic power and cultivation are extracted, there's basically no way to recover."

"The methods of the Calm Immortal Department are heaven-defying. I have turned over a new leaf, I have turned over a new leaf."

Ba Jufeng wept bitterly. He had lost all of his cultivation base and magic power, and his temperament was no different from that of an ordinary person.

"Turning over a new leaf is not a matter of words, but actions."

Gu Chensha said, "Go to China, teach disciples, cultivate talents, pray every day, use your sincerity to move the heavens, and maybe you'll have a chance."

"Enough, Hegemon Peak. In the immortal dao, the weak are prey to the strong. The Immortal Calmness Department's attack has swept through the profound sects of the immortal dao, and no one can stop it.

You don't know the general situation, and you don't understand the heavens. It's normal for you to suffer such a tribulation. If you continue to babble on, I'll immediately collect your soul and refine it in the devilish flames every day. You'll beg for death, but you won't be able to! " This man was actually Hong Wending.

He was originally a disciple of Mysterious State School, but someone plotted against him and he was banished to the Demon Region. However, he had a fortuitous encounter and survived. When Gu Chensha was in the Demon Region, he took the initiative to side with him. Now, he was the top general under Jin Suibo. He was vicious and merciless, and he did many things.

Zhuge Ya had been keeping an eye on this person. He felt like there was a strong existence behind this person. He didn't really want to join the Immortal Calmness Department, but he could make use of him. This person was an expert at Dao Realm 23 Transformation Past Reflection, and he was a rare talent.

Until now, this person didn't have any flaws, and he didn't do anything to harm the Immortal Calmness Department. Instead, he made many contributions.

"Hong Wending, your cultivation has improved recently, and it seems like you're about to break through to 24 Transformations." Gu Chensha praised him.

"It is all because I followed the Immortal Calmness Department and activated my luck." Hong Wending bowed in fear and trepidation. He was also frightened by Gu Chensha's methods.

That day, when Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue entered the Demon Region, they found it tough to kill the Skeleton Demon Emperor at 23 Transformations. The Skeleton Demon Emperor was still at the Fine Dust Technique grade.

Now, with a wave of his hand, Gu Chensha was able to suppress two experts at 25 Transformations Undying Body and one expert at 26 Transformations Ten Thousand Techniques Return to One. He was able to casually play with them in his palms. His strength increased by more than 100 times? Sou!

Jin Suibo had already flown back. He hollered, "Gather up and listen to His Royal Highness's words. In the past, our Celestial Dao Alliance was really loose, and when the calamity came, it would be tough for us to fight back. Now, we have to train like an army and we can't relax. Gather up! "

Under Jin Suibo's hollered, these Celestial Dao Mystic Sect experts were nervous and didn't dare to disobey. They immediately gathered in the plaza in the middle, similar to an army.

"That's right."

This was the effect Gu Chensha wanted. If he hadn't used his tyrannical methods to suppress the three sect masters, these cultivators and immortals wouldn't have been so well-behaved.

"Reporting to His Royal Highness, our Immortal Calmness Department's Celestial Dao Alliance has a total of 2341 sects."

After the gathering, Jin Suibo reported like a general in an army: "Right now, there are 1,852 sect masters gathered here!

Among them, 320 have cultivated Dharmic powers, 550 have cultivated Golden Core and Size Manipulation, and the rest are all Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body and 17 Transformations cultivators. " "What about the others?" Gu Chensha asked.

"The other sect masters didn't come due to various matters," Jin Suibo reported.

"Have there been any cases of people refusing to pay taxes recently?" Gu Chensha asked. With so many Celestial Dao Mystic Sects, there would definitely be all sorts of schemes and plots.

"There are hundreds of sects that refuse to pay taxes, and we haven't cleaned them up yet."

Gu Chensha said: "The other sects that haven't joined the alliance will have to pay taxes in the future, and they will also have to pay fines, so those that join now won't lose out."

When the Sect Masters of the Mysterious Immortal Dao Sects heard this, they all whispered and discussed with each other.

"Silence!"

Jin Suibo roared, and immediately, these sect masters didn't dare to move. They all quietened down, and just like that, their prestige was established.

"Very good, those that can stand here today are all lucky. In the future, you will have to move your sects here and gather as one."

Gu Chensha said, "Our Calming Immortal Department's Immortal Dao Alliance has to be united. Only then can we resist the calamity. Of course, I know that your mountain sects have been operating for many years. Moving them here would be a great loss of wealth, but our Calming Immortal Department can create all of these." Gu Chensha wanted to unite these Celestial Dao Mystic Sects.

Right now, there were a thousand eight hundred and fifty-two sect leaders of the Profound Immortal Dao Sects here. The number was huge, and it was also quite impressive. Including their disciples, if they were all gathered together, there would probably be a huge pile of people.

If these people moved to Illusion Chess Islands and gradually built, they would become a huge sect. With this as the foundation, they would be able to form a brand new Celestial Dao structure on the ocean and stop the Great Might Dynasty's invasion.

Furthermore, if these people were to construct altars here and swear oaths, their powers would be channeled into the depths of the sphere, causing the power of the sphere to increase significantly.

Hong Wending stood at the side, and as he listened to Gu Chensha's lecture, his heart was in turmoil. He naturally knew what Gu Chensha wanted to do. After this Celestial Dao Alliance was established, it would become more and more cohesive.

"Heavenly Dao changes, stars move, celestial spirits open, altar established!"

At this moment, Gu Chensha's body suddenly moved. A total of 360 doppelgangers flew out and stood in the Illusionary Chess Archipelago. Rumble! He used a secret technique. He communicated with the stars in the sky. Immediately, the power of the stars descended from the sky above the ocean.

Then, spiritual qi, immortal qi, and all sorts of other energies came with the power of the stars. As they mixed, they turned into a jade-like substance that looked like ancient bronze. It descended and poured into the sea between the islands. The seawater boiled.

When some of the creatures in the sea came into contact with the bronze jade substance, they immediately perked up, as if they had gained spirituality and intelligence. They swam around in the water, as if worshipping something. Jin Suibo. Hong Wending sensed that the creatures in the sea also gave off weak waves of wish power.

"Azure Dragon Pagoda!"

Gu Chensha truly displayed his terrifying side. He used his own strength to overturn the heavens and earth, forcibly using the Great Massacre God Art's unparalleled profundities. He opened up various dimensions, absorbing energy, combining it, and transforming it. Rumble!

Countless energies gathered, and a loud sound exploded in the air. Gradually, they condensed into a substance. This substance changed, and wind and fire surged. Finally, it condensed into a huge bronze ancient pagoda, suppressing the center of the Illusion Chess Islands.

The surrounding earth veins were all suppressed. In the sea, countless spirit veins moved and finally entered this pagoda.

"This method is too strong." All the experts of the Celestial Dao Mystic Sect were shocked. Even Hong Wending's heart was filled with great terror.

After seven days and seven nights, Gu Chensha finally stopped. The Illusory Chess Archipelago, with a radius of hundreds of thousands of kilometers, had changed drastically.