Chapter 615
===========

"Even the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"Of course. The Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman is on the same level as the Primitive Dragon Sect.

It's just that your level is too low, so you can't use it. But with my help, you can absorb all the energy. "

The Dharma Saint said, "Think about it. The Jingxian Department has only obtained a talisman formed by the will of the Primitive Dragon Sect.

What you have is the same Dharma Treasure as the Primitive Dragon Sect. If it can kill you easily, how can it be called the Mandate of Heaven? " As he spoke, the Dharma Saint sent out his Soul Energy again.

"Azure Dragon, think about it carefully. I don't want to go against the Black Heaven Earth Sect. There's no need for us to fight to the death and let the Jingxian Department take advantage of us, right? Besides, the Black Heaven Earth Sect should know. I worked with Wu Dangkong and used the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman to break through the blockade. Now, I can use this talisman to deal with your attacks.

Do you think the Dimensional World of the Black Heaven Earth Sect is comparable to the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman? " The Dharma Saint's Soul Energy made Azure Dragon hesitate again.

Azure Dragon knew how magical the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman was. He was afraid of wasting the Black Heaven Earth Sect's resources. Not only would it be ineffective, but it would also benefit the enemy.

"Azure Dragon, how about we settle this?

I owe the Black Heaven Earth Sect a favor. When the Deity Position appears, I'll help you fight for it. What do you think? "the Dharma Saint continued. He was stalling for time. While calming Azure Dragon down, he started to refine the True God Position.

"The True God Position guarantees eternal life!"

The Dharma Saint couldn't care less about the Black Heaven Earth Sect. He started to refine the treasure. His Dharma Power and all the energy from the Dimensional World of the Dharma Realm went into it.

The True God Position immediately started to spin. Countless rays of light shot out in all directions and filled the entire Dharma Realm.

"Willpower, subdue!"

The Warlock Saint's entire body turned into scriptures and began to wrap around this True God position. He was using his own Dao and his own comprehension to refine the mark of the Heavenly Way and some things left behind by the God of Lu in the True God position.

The seat of a True God was no small matter. Moreover, this seat did not belong to him. It would not be easy to refine and fuse with it.

Even the Dharma Saint himself had to bring out all of his willpower to fight against the Heavenly Dao Imprint.

This was equivalent to the imperial court conferring the title of governor on another person. If you wanted to seize the position of governor and make it your official position, it would require a lot of effort. The Dharma Saint was currently in such a state. He kept fusing his true essence and willpower into the True God throne.

At the same time, Gu Chensha, who was with Longevity God, felt a chill run down his spine, because he felt a large number of memories rushing into his mind. It was the Dharma Saint's cultivation experience.

How exactly did the Dharma Saint break free from the shackles of the Heavenly Dao and come back to life? All these things appeared in Gu Chensha's mind.

Not only that, the Dharma Saint's enlightenment experience, as well as all the magical techniques and secret arts of Legalism, all flowed into Gu Chensha's mind.

At this time, Gu Chensha was shocked by the huge amount of memories and information. He couldn't help but stare blankly. If it were any other expert, as long as they were not at the God Realm, they would have been shattered by the impact of these memories.

However, Gu Chensha had experienced this kind of experience many times. This time, he was only slightly stunned. Even the Dharma Saint fell into his trap.

"So that's how it is, that's how it is!"

Gu Chensha roared in his heart, wishing he could look up to the sky and roar. "The Dharma Saint is indeed the King of Saints. He can actually comprehend this truth. It's really terrifying. He actually has so many secrets in his heart. This enemy is extremely difficult to deal with. Even if we can refine the Dimensional World and suppress him, I'm afraid that as his cultivation recovers, he will inevitably achieve great things."

A huge amount of knowledge and all kinds of experiences were transmitted into Gu Chensha's will. In this way, Gu Chensha's knowledge was completely perfected.

His body communicated with the Tree of Desire. With a slight turn, the memories and experiences were also transmitted into the sphere of the Dimensional World. On the Tree of Desire, the God of Desire immediately digested these memories. Rumble!

The entire Tree of Wishes expanded, and the God of Wishes changed again. Layers of halos appeared behind his head, and within the halos, many fairies were born. These fairies were similar to the fairies of the Celestial Spirit Realm. After they were born, they flew, wandered, and chanted scriptures. It was actually the "Great People's Salvation Scripture" created by Gu Chensha.

Now, Gu Chensha's knowledge was many times broader than before. Under his comprehension, the "Great People's Salvation Scripture" had been modified many times. By now, it was almost perfect.

Not only did this scripture contain many mysteries, but it could also adjust the body and mind, resist demons, and cleanse one's body.

Gu Chensha combined some of the secrets of the Dragon Nurturing Mantra, Dragon Making Mantra, and Holy Dragon Mantra, and combined all the divine skills he had learned into one.

"Good!

The Dharma Saint's memories, the Dharma Saint's comprehension, and the secret of the Dharma Saint's rebirth. These things are simply treasures. They are even more wonderful than the throne of a True God.

This time, the Dharma Saint has been tricked again. Even if he has obtained the throne of a True God, if we know all of his secrets, it's the same as exposing himself in front of us. With the Dharma Saint's memories, comprehending God Realm is as simple as eating and drinking! "

Zhuge Ya, who was comprehending in the Common People's Wish ball, suddenly opened his eyes and absorbed all the memories. Then, his body suddenly turned into a giant furnace.

This furnace had eight corners, eight trigrams, nine palaces, and 24 solar terms all within. All the knowledge was being brewed in the furnace, and in the end, like boiling water, the essence was revealed. In the depths of the furnace, a brand new Zhuge Ya was born.

After that brand new Zhuge Ya was born, World Energy surged in his body. The furnace turned into a small world that entered Zhuge Ya's body. Things were just so simple. Zhuge Ya broke through just like that.

He reached Dao Realm Transformation 30 and created a world. At this moment, he had become a God Realm expert.

A Deity rank expert had been born. The Calmness Immortal Bureau had finally produced its first Deity rank expert. As the Lord of the Seven Stars and the ninth tier of the True Dragon Art, Zhuge Ya's Deity rank was much greater than the thirteen Deities of the school of Legalism. If one had to calculate, he was at least 20 God Realm experts working together or even stronger.

This time, after Gu Chensha used tricks to obtain the memories and theories of the Dharma Saint, it helped Zhuge Ya's cultivation a lot.

This was because Zhuge Ya's cultivation was similar to the Dharma Saint's. They were both famous for their peak Soul Power quality. Apart from that, both of them were at True Dragon Technique Stage Nine. The Dharma Saint's comprehension was the same as giving Zhuge Ya a clear path.

Now, the Warlock Saint's cultivation was already above that of the ancient Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang. He had also taken a different path. He had broken free from the shackles of the Heavenly Dao and resurrected. Now, what had he comprehended from his resurrection experience? Under the scrutiny of Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao, there were no secrets.

After Zhuge Ya obtained all the experience and comprehended himself, he would immediately become a god. Furthermore, his future would be limitless. It was even possible that he would break through the 36 Transformations and become a Celestial Venerable, just like the Warlock Saint. Pili pala!

The moment that Zhuge Ya became a Divinity, the void split open. Endless light and thunder fell down, accompanied by a tearing strength. Even the dimensional realm couldn't stop this. This was a predestined event. Heaven Tribulation.

When Zhuge Ya reached God Realm, he was far too heaven-defying. He had triggered the balance of the Heaven Dao, so the Heaven Dao naturally sent down a tribulation to destroy him.

In truth, many people would encounter a tribulation when they reached God Realm. But this time, the tribulation had broken through the dimensional realm's blockade. From this, it could be seen how great this tribulation was.

"Can this tribulation do anything to me? Have a taste of my methods! "

Zhuge Ya opened his mouth wide and sucked in all the light, lightning, and space-tearing power into his stomach. He then calmed down and did not suffer any harm. "The Heavenly Dao has indeed become much weaker. In the past, the power of this tribulation would have been difficult to deal with. But now, the power of the Heavenly Dao seems to have been reduced by half. Does this mean that the Emperor has the upper hand in the battle against the Heavenly Dao?" Zhuge Ya had gained enlightenment from the Heaven Dao's tribulation. He resolved the tribulation and stimulated his own strength to refine the Wish Tree once more.

The interior of the dimensional realm suddenly became lively. With a God level master managing it, the power that this dimensional realm displayed was increased by nearly 30%. The moment Zhuge Ya reached God Realm, Gu Chensha sensed it.

He was delighted. "Good, very good. Zhuge Ya has actually reached God Realm. Now, our Calming Celestial Department finally has a trump card. My realm is a little low, but it doesn't matter. I can break through at any time."

His cultivation was still at the 24 Dao Realm Transformation, Future Peeking. But after obtaining the Dharma Saint's memories, he wasn't in a rush to break through. Instead, he started to comprehend the true meaning of the 25 Undying Bodies. Apart from that, he also had to comprehend Divergent.

The Dharma Saint himself had broken free from the Heaven Dao's restraints and became another type of Divergent. His experience and various methods to resist the Heaven Dao's summons helped Gu Chensha in comprehending Divergent. It was no less than the Heaven Defying Divergent Pill.

If it was any other cultivator, they would have already comprehended the Path of Deviants with their experience. Unfortunately, Gu Chensha's cultivation base was the Heavenly Dao. It was unimaginably difficult to comprehend the Path of Deviants with his current cultivation base. However, if he succeeded in comprehending the Path of Deviants, it was very likely that he would surpass Xing Qiongshi, the king of Deviants, and reach a whole new level.