Chapter 149
===========

"I had a fortuitous encounter."

Gu Chensha couldn't reveal the details. He was extremely worried. The world was big, and there would always be people willing to take risks. However, he couldn't hide. Such a large Black Tortoise could absorb immortal energy. He'd be discovered no matter where he went.

"Also, Your Highness' sword and armor are spiritual treasures. They're extremely rare in the path of immortals. Even I can't refine a treasure that can absorb spiritual energy on its own. Your Highness is skilled in refining treasures. We should discuss more when we have time. "

Bao Ming 'er's eyes were sharp. She was naturally sensitive to treasures. Gu Chensha didn't hide anything from her.

"As expected of an outstanding disciple of the Myriad Treasures Mystical Gate."

Gu Chensha's heart stirred. "Would you be willing to establish a school in my fief to teach treasure-refining?"

"It's not impossible, but the Seventh Prince, First Prince, and Third Prince have all invited me. I'll have to think about it carefully."

Bao Ming 'er smiled and looked at Gu Chensha's dantian. Suddenly, her eyes flashed. "But since Your Highness is on good terms with Luo Wu, and I'm best friends with her, I'll naturally take precedence."

"Many thanks." Gu Chensha was shocked. Bao Ming 'er seemed to have discovered the Dragonization Pagoda in the depths of his dantian.

"I didn't expect Your Highness to have so many treasures in your residence."

Mu Yexiao was secretly observing as well. "This place used to be barren hills and unruly rivers, but it's been transformed into a land of heroes. In time, it'll become a paradise on earth."

"The mountains aren't famous because they have immortals. The waters aren't deep because they have dragons."

Gu Chensha said, "The Black Tortoise is guarding this place, but it's not my fault. If you can establish a branch here, I can connect to the earth vein and provide you with immortal energy."

"This place of yours does have an advantage. The Black Tortoise will grow stronger with time. When it reaches adulthood, it can even distort time and space and build a divine nest, comparable to a god. Unfortunately, it takes tens of thousands of years to grow." Mu Yexiao took a deep breath. "How did Your Highness hatch this divine beast?"

"I don't have that kind of ability. Naturally, it's the work of the imperial court." Gu Chensha told a small lie. "Imperial Father has the power to make this divine beast grow faster."

"The Black Tortoise is one of the Four Divine Beasts, even more powerful than the other Divine Beasts. However, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's cultivation …" Mu Yexiao didn't believe it at first, but after thinking about the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's cultivation, he didn't say anything.

"That's right, my branch is almost done, but it's still lacking a lot of decorations. I invited the four of you here today to help me set up the formation," Luo Wu said.

"Luo Wu, we've been friends for many years, there's no need to be so polite. Let's go now. "

Mu Ye stood up with a smile on his face, "Many thanks for the gift, Your Highness. Once Luo Wu is established, we will discuss the matter of the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple with Your Highness."

"Fairy Luo Wu is setting up a branch in my fief. This is a big deal, and I should support it. However, I've been in seclusion recently, and it's been disrespectful. Since all the immortals are here, I'd like to learn from all of you." Gu Chensha really wanted to see what these people were capable of.

"Then we'll have to show our incompetence." Bao Ming 'er seemed to be interested in Gu Chensha. Her beautiful eyes roamed around as she sized him up. Whoosh! Everyone flew up and left the castle in a few breaths' time, arriving at a nearby mountain.

Between the two mountains, a giant palace was being built. The mystical gold puppets were still busy, carving stones, moving logs, planting trees, and leveling the roads.

Other than that, there were many craftsmen busy as well. These craftsmen were all hired by Gu Chensha from outside. There were some things that the mystical gold puppets couldn't do. After all, they were just puppets, and they didn't have enough intelligence.

Three mountains were carved into the shape of three people sitting upright. They were all women, and their dancing postures resembled hand seals. It was as if a celestial maiden was scattering flowers.

The three mountains surrounded the nine palaces, and in the middle, there was a man-made river that twisted and turned like eighteen long dragons, emitting gurgling sounds.

In the center of the nine palaces, there was a giant pond. The water was clear and deep, and the bottom couldn't be seen. There were constantly water ripples that formed a whirlpool, as if it was absorbing something.

The nine palaces added together were even bigger than his castle, and they had a huge spirit gathering effect.

Gu Chensha could see that this layout was the Nine Stars Soaring Rainbow, and the three mountain statues were the three immortals concocting pills. They used the layout of the three mountains to refine feng shui, transforming an evil land into a spirit land.

Luo Wu was worthy of being a disciple of the Profound Immortal Dao Sect. Her knowledge of feng shui layouts far surpassed his.

"Your armor is really not bad."

Bao Ming 'er saw Gu Chensha floating in the air with the King Dragon Armor wrapped around his body. Qi currents revolved around him, and he was stable. The armor was formed by many runes, and in the depths of the runes, there was a small dragon circling around.

"How can it compare to the methods of the Myriad Treasures Mysterious Sect?" Gu Chensha didn't dare to show off his strength in front of Bao Ming 'er.

"That's right. My Myriad Treasures Mysterious Sect is indeed unique in refining treasures, but with my level of cultivation, I can't refine such an armor."

Bao Ming 'er suddenly stopped talking, but a thought rang out in Gu Chensha's mind. "I didn't expect that Your Highness would actually obtain the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, and even refine and activate it. Can I talk to Your Highness alone later? This is my soul tentacle, and I can communicate with you through telepathy. " "Seems like I can't hide anything from you." Gu Chensha was secretly surprised. "That's a deal.

You don't know how to use the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. This pagoda's true function is very mysterious. The key is that it can absorb Spiritual Qi and transform it into Dragon Qi. This Dragon Qi has a strong effect on any treasure or pill. If you can use this pagoda well, your cultivation will increase tenfold. "Bao Ming 'er was a little impatient.

"I'd like to learn from you as well." Gu Chensha thought about it. Since Bao Ming 'er had seen through him, he had no choice but to agree.

"Luowu, your design of the Three Immortals Pill Refinement and Nine Astral Rainbow is really not bad."

Mu Ye smiled as he looked down at the palace. "Actually, the Desolate Mountains were originally an excellent place in the prehistoric era. Countless primordial divine beasts and immortal spirits lived here. But later on, the Evil Gods took over and spread their sects, tainting the earth veins with evil energy that couldn't be expelled. Over time, it became a barren land.

I observed for a long time and discovered that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor built cities and kingdoms everywhere. In the end, he laid out a strange layout. Geographically speaking, he wanted the Great Yongchō to devour the earth veins of the Desolate Mountains. In the end, the kingdoms of the Evil Gods would be swallowed up as well.

Gu Chensha listened quietly. He had long felt that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's efforts to improve the people's livelihood were one thing, but it was definitely not as superficial as this.

"We don't know what's going on, it's all up to the heavens.

If we can survive this game, it might not necessarily be a fortuitous encounter. The old era has passed, and the new era has come. The old gods have fallen, and the new gods have risen.

Since ancient times, heroes have been born in troubled times, and saints have been born in turmoil. " Luowu's words sent shivers down everyone's spines.

Mu Ye looked up at the sky. The sun was originally shining brightly, but suddenly, dark clouds gathered and rain poured down. "With a single thought, the heavens changed so much."

He laughed heartily and waved his hand. Instantly, innate astral energy descended, turning into spirit snakes that coiled around.

Bao Ming 'er opened her mouth slightly, and many rays of light descended, turning into figures of light that moved around, carrying something.

Yinxuan and Huangfu Fengyun of the Profound Heart Sect took out a bottle and a gourd respectively. The bottle spewed out golden sand, and the gourd was filled with flames.

The flames mixed with the sand, turning into a golden waterfall that descended into the depths of the palace.

"It really is the work of immortals."

Gu Chensha sighed inwardly at the scene before him. These methods weren't something he could compare to. He didn't even know what they were. The more he knew about the Profound Immortal Dao, the more ignorant he became. But this time, it was an eye-opener. As he pondered over the methods of these immortal cultivators, he learned a lot from them.

The four of them used their methods to build palaces, set up formations, and even released flames to sweep through the forest, refining the rocks in the forest into liquid. Finally, they created many patterns. After three days and three nights, Mu Ye's palm shook in the air. Thunder rumbled, spreading in all directions. The mountains responded. The palaces were completed.

Colorful lights shone everywhere. Spiritual Qi formed a vortex in the air and landed on the central mountain.

Deep in the mountain valley, there seemed to be a huge firebird that danced under the nourishment of spiritual Qi.

"Good formation."

Gu Chensha sighed. "This formation is amazing. It has become a real spiritual land, and it resonates with my castle. The Vermilion Bird, the fire dances under the sun, and the Black Tortoise goes out to sea. It's a perfect match."

"Of course it's a perfect match. The Three Immortals refine pills, the Nine Stars Flying Rainbow, and the Vermilion Bird fan the fire."

Bao Ming 'er looked at the castle in the distance. "It's a perfect match with your Black Tortoise. Unfortunately, your castle has a real Black Tortoise egg, and the Vermilion Bird fire formation is empty. If we can get the Vermilion Bird egg, it'll be perfect. Even many sects can't compare. " "Even so, this place is extraordinary."

Luo Wu looked happy. "Thank you, everyone. The mountain I cultivate on in the sect can't compare to this."

"We true disciples have our own palaces in the sect, but there are no divine beasts. Luo Wu, your palace is nourished by the divine beast's energy, and your cultivation will improve by leaps and bounds. Moreover, the Vermilion Bird fire formation and the Black Tortoise fire formation combine to nourish each other. It's even more amazing."

Bao Ming 'er was a little envious. "If that's the case, I want to build a branch in the mountain next door and form the Green Dragon Formation." "You're welcome," Gu Chensha said. Bao Ming 'er glanced at him and smiled mysteriously.

"Luo Wu, we helped you condense the palace. It's taken a lot of energy. You need to rest." Mu Yexiao landed on the ground and entered the newly condensed palace. He meditated.

Huangfu Fengyun and Yinxuan nodded and went down to absorb the Black Tortoise immortal energy to recover.

"This palace has just been condensed, so I need to repair it." Luo Wu looked at Bao Ming 'er with a smile. "Ming' er, it seems you have something to say to His Highness." "Yes." Bao Ming 'er nodded.

"Then I won't disturb you." Luo Wu returned to her palace and looked around.

"Fairy, please come to my study." Gu Chensha activated the King Dragon Armor and landed in his castle. Bao Ming 'er followed him and saw the Black Tortoise egg on the altar.