Chapter 834
===========

"You can actually break through Heavenly Monarch Jin's heaven-reversing technique and divine my whereabouts? Sounds of Heaven. " Old Man Primeval's mind raced as he tried to think of a way to make a last stand.

"If I can't even guess Heavenly Monarch Jin's heaven-reversing technique, how can I compete with Emperor Heaven Of Heaven?

I might as well kill myself. Heavenly Monarch Jin has the Primeval Dragon Gate and has some tricks up his sleeve, but he still has Heavenly Monarch Wisdom, Heavenly Monarch Donghua, Heavenly Monarch Absolute, and Heavenly Monarch Primal Chaos. Let's not talk about that. The Master of the Sun and Moon is at a disadvantage against me. "

Gu Chensha seemed to have seen through Old Man Primeval's thoughts. "Stop struggling. Submit to me and change the ritual, and I can spare your life.

After all, someone like you has comprehended the great thousand force of heaven origin. The power you obtain from the ritual will be very beneficial to me. "

Gu Chensha's Celestial Calmness Bureau only had four Celestial Sovereigns. None of them were at the Heaven Longevity Realm. Xing Qiongshi was at the Heaven Longevity Realm, but after refining the Divine Land Gourd, his consciousness was completely sealed and he couldn't use the ritual.

If Old Man Primeval was captured and reformed, the power of the ritual would be unimaginable with his peak Heaven Longevity Realm cultivation. In Gu Chensha's eyes, he was like a hen laying golden eggs. He had to be captured.

Right now, Gu Chensha was getting stronger and stronger because the Divine Land Gourd had absorbed a total of twenty Endless Treasures. It was extremely terrifying. With every additional Endless Treasure, its power would increase exponentially. With twenty Endless Treasures gathered, its power had already surpassed the Desolate Dragon Sect.

There were still sixteen Endless Treasures outside. Gu Chensha was determined to collect them all. He sent Dou Yiyu to infiltrate the World Ancestor Alliance to subdue the Endless Heart. Once it was subdued, he would be able to find the whereabouts of the other Endless Treasures.

As for Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian's Infinity Sword and Infinity Saber, Gu Chensha had a plan to deal with them. The two couldn't escape his grasp.

"Gu Chensha, you are delusional!" Right at this moment, Old Man Desolation exploded.

With a move of his body, his entire body transformed into millions of dragons that fled in all directions. In the center of these dragons, a bolt of divine lightning appeared. This divine lightning was similar to the Desolate Thousand Dragon Lightning, but its might was far inferior to the Desolate Dragon Sect's Desolate Thousand Dragon Lightning. Of course, this was Old Man Desolation's strongest move.

"You want to show off such insignificant skills before me? Do you know that if I were to use the Primal Desolate Universe Sacred Lightning now, even the Primal Desolate Dragon Sect would be inferior to me?"

A smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face, and the Divine Land Gourd appeared above his head. The vortex of the Divine Land Gourd swept out slightly, and the lightning was immediately sucked into the gourd. Then, even the billions of dragons formed by Old Man Desolation were sucked into the gourd. This gourd could almost swallow the heavens.

"How can you be so strong!"

Old Man Desolation felt as if the entire world had been sucked into the gourd, and he himself had fallen into the Divine Land Gourd. His body returned to its origin, and he saw the true Divine Land, the perfect Divine Land.

Gu Chensha had created a brand new Divine Land within the Divine Land Gourd, and he had named it the true Divine Land, or the ideal Divine Land, the perfect Divine Land.

Now, Old Man Desolation had been sucked into the Divine Land Gourd, and he had landed at the center of the true Divine Land, in the Imperial Palace at the center of the Sin Province.

The Sin Province of the true Divine Land was where the Capital City was, and there was no Demonic Domain.

Moreover, the center of the true Divine Land was not called the Sin Province, but the Central Province by Gu Chensha.

This was the true center of the Myriad Worlds, the center of the Heavenly Realm, and the center of time and space.

At this moment, Old Man Desolation landed in the Imperial Palace. He raised his head and saw a huge throne at the top of the palace. The aura coming from it was close to the Heavenly Dao, and it was almost invincible. Sitting on the throne was Gu Chensha.

"You …" Old Man Desolation was shocked. "You secretly forged the Emperor Of Heaven throne? You want to be Emperor Of Heaven yourself! Aren't you afraid of retribution for your perverse actions? "" How laughable.

Kings, Marquises, Generals, and Ministers all have guts. The Emperor Of Heaven is the same. The Emperor Of Heaven throne belongs to the virtuous, and whoever can lead all living beings to a better place will be Emperor Of Heaven. I've long since seen through the future Heavenly Court. To be honest, the structure of the future Heavenly Court is just to enslave all living beings, and there's nothing new about it. "Gu Chensha looked down at Old Man Desolation from high above, and his eyes flickered." Kneel! " "Arghhh!"

Old Man Desolation let out a world-shaking roar, but it was useless. He could not use any magic, and he knelt down stiffly.

"Gu Chensha, I'm an ancient expert who has dominated for who knows how many tens of thousands of years. If you want to kill me, just kill me. Why must you humiliate me like this?" Old Man Desolation roared.

"I'll ask you again, do you submit or not?"

Gu Chensha asked again. "Submit to me, offer sacrifices to me, work for me, erase your sins, and become a member of the Calming Immortal Department. If you're not willing, I don't have so many things to tangle with you. I'll just refine you and turn you into my puppet. Your pet North Chen has already been refined by me into the King of Common Life. I'll refine you into the Emperor of Common Life, and I can still use you."

"I'd rather die than submit," Old Man Desolation said with a cold smile. "Gu Chensha, do you think I'm The Great Spirit God? Treacherous double-dealing. Shameless. When have I ever submitted to anyone? " "I couldn't tell, but you have a backbone."

Gu Chensha looked at Old Man Desolation coldly. "Since that's the case, don't blame me for being cruel. Do you really think I can't do anything to you?"

"It doesn't matter if you refine me into some Emperor of Common Life. The sacrificial power of the new Emperor of Common Life is far inferior to mine. After all, it has lost some spirituality. If you had directly subdued the North Chen Emperor back then, your sacrificial power would definitely be much higher than the King of Common Life." Old Man Desolation said.

"It seems like you think you've submitted to the Jin Sect Heavenly King? Can you live forever?

You've placed your hopes on the future Heavenly Court. Do you think that even if you die now, you'll still be loyal to the Heavenly Court? That you'll definitely achieve great things in the future? "

Gu Chensha could practically see through Old Man Desolation's thoughts. The reason why he was so fearless and stubborn was because he had made up his mind.

"Hmph!"

The Great Desolation Old Man snorted coldly, "Gu Chensha, use whatever abilities you have. Right now, I don't care if you kill me or cut me up. Even if you turn my bones to dust, I don't care. I want to see what new tricks you can come up with to make me submit completely."

"That's good. The hearts of all living beings are stubborn, but I have the determination to gather all living beings together to create an ideal world.

If I can't subdue you, then it will be considered a failure. "Gu Chensha said," You are the will that was born from the Primordial Dragon Sect.

Once I subdue you, I can find the weakness of the Primordial Dragon Sect and grab this thread of karma to suppress the Jin Sect Heavenly King. " Weng … While Gu Chensha was speaking, 360 more Common People's Generals appeared in the hall.

The current Common People's Generals were all at Saint Realm, which meant that they had reached the Dao Realm Truth Saint Heart level.

Only with such strong cultivation could they manage so many things in the God Land, causing the God Land and the giant Yongchō to become more and more stable.

The Common People's Generals were created by Gu Chensha and they broke free from the fate of being puppets. They had their own lives and were now true people.

Moreover, they had many things that experts couldn't compare to. Each Common People's Commander was just and strict. They were loved by the people and as time went on, they accumulated huge support and hearts of the people.

"Why did you summon these Common People's Generals? Do you think that they can deal with me? "Old Man Desolation said in disdain.

"Look, these Great Generals of the Common People govern the world, and even if it's a small dispute among the people, the Great Generals of the Common People can handle it perfectly, so they are the hearts of the people. Logically speaking, the hearts of the people on them can long condense into the great position of True God."

Gu Chensha didn't care about what Old Man Desolation said and muttered to himself, "Let me show you how I can fight with the Emperor Of Heaven. God Position, form!" Weng …

On the bodies of the 360 Common People's Generals, there was a light and energy formed from the hearts of the people. These things were really precious and even contained supreme secrets.

In the past, if an official had a thousandth of these people's hearts, after he died, his soul wouldn't be destroyed and he would become a small god. Of course, this small god wouldn't be conferred a title by the Emperor, but he would be protected by the Imperial Court and would have some luck.

And now, any one of the three hundred and sixty Great Marshals of Common People, the reputation and hearts of the people they obtained far surpassed any of the great and bold emperors in history, even the ancient Heavenly Sons.

Gu Chensha grabbed onto Old Man Desolation and used him as motivation to forcefully activate and complete the strongest change.

"You … What are you doing?" Old Man Desolation panicked, "You, you actually want to create a True God position out of thin air? You're truly going against the heavens. You've already gone mad, you can't succeed.

The True God position requires the Emperor of Heaven to gather faith and use the Emperor's Qi to enter the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman and offer it to the Heavenly Dao. Only then will the Heavenly Dao form a True God position. If you do this now, not only will you incur endless sin, it will also be impossible for you to form a True God position. Just what are you thinking … " Old Man Desolation felt a sense of danger.

"Don't forget, I have half of the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman. I just didn't use it. Of course, I won't use the Yongchō's Emperor's Qi, which is the Nation's Fate, to sacrifice it to the Heavenly Dao.

"However, I have the Heaven Stealing Technique. Through the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, I can steal the Heavenly Dao's power to form a True God position for my 360 Common People's Generals. You're a sinner who has to bear the wrath of the Heavenly Dao. To the Heavenly Dao, you're stealing. Think about the consequences, "Gu Chensha said.