Chapter 145
===========

"Dao Realm Fifteen Transformation, Heaven Eye Hanging Sky?"

Gu Chensha also raised his head to look at the sky. He didn't sense anything out of the ordinary. He knew that the Heaven's Eye suspended in the air was a step further after the Primordial Spirit of the Fourteen Transformations left the body. It could fly high into the sky and condense into one, becoming the Heaven's Eye. It hung high in the sky, and within a radius of thousands of miles, not even ants moving house could escape the observation of the Heaven's Eye.

One must know that even if one cultivated the soul to leave the body, there were many taboos. It was really dangerous for the soul to leave the body and if one wasn't careful, one would be injured. It was like a baby swimming naked in the ocean and one could die at any moment.

When one reached the 15th transformation, Heaven Eye Hanging Sky, it was much stronger. One could travel in the sky and not be afraid of the wind.

When one used the Heaven Eye to observe, one could even notice many treasures deep underground. When one used it to the extreme, there were many mysteries.

"It should be Yuan Shasheng."

Luo Wu retracted her gaze, "If I hadn't cultivated the 14th transformation, I wouldn't have been able to sense that mental energy."

Luo Wu had already reached the 14th transformation and comprehended many mysteries, so naturally, she could notice many movements.

"What is the cultivation of Chaotic World Demon Ape God Temple's Pope Yuan Shasheng?" Gu Chensha asked.

"This person is a top talent. He was a playboy but he suffered a tragic fate. The girl he loved was stolen and he was framed. His arms and legs were broken. He had a fortuitous encounter and entered the demon path. In a short time, he actually managed to cultivate the 16th transformation, Reincarnation.

I am not sure what his cultivation is now but he is probably someone that many sects don't want to offend. "Luo Wu's sleeves fluttered," It seems like he will come to attack in the next few days. "

Gu Chensha knew that the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple had lost a lot of things. The Dragon Transformation Liquid, the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, the Heavenly Demon Relic, the Black Tortoise Egg, four hundred and ten Seven Sacred Heart Refining Pills, and a large number of Purple Blood Rejuvenation Pills and Spirit Cleansing Pills.

They had pretty much taken half of the temple's wealth. If he was Yuan Shasheng, he would find out who did it and skin that person alive.

He could have hidden a little but after spending so many Seven Saint Heart Cultivating Pills, no matter how he tried to hide, there would be some clues and people would find out. Not to mention the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple, even the princes felt that something was wrong.

Gu Chensha's recent development was too rapid, surpassing many princes. Because of this, Fa Wuxian came to test the waters. Fa Wuxian had the shadow of many princes behind him.

"Different situations call for different measures."

Gu Chensha was not afraid of the Demonic Ape Temple. "The Imperial Court is powerful, and the army is not far away. If the Demonic Ape Temple of Confusion attacks my fief, I have to think about the Imperial Court's reaction."

What he said was the truth. Right now, the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor had built his capital in the Desolate Lands, only a few thousand miles away from here. Roads were being constructed one after another, and even railways were being built. The Barbarian Race didn't dare to invade and even the Evil Gods didn't do anything.

"The Evil Gods and the Barbarians are indeed afraid of the Imperial Court," Luo Wu said. "But it's hard to guard against an expert's sneak attack."

"I have to ally with The Fourth and Lou Baiyue. Together with you and Yi Ming Shi Zhongchan, we might be able to deal with Yuan Sha Sheng."

Gu Chensha calculated. "Other than that, Fairy Luo, you should have some good friends from the immortal dao sects. If you can invite them to help me, that would be great." Actually, this was the reason why Gu Chensha befriended Luo Wu.

As an outstanding disciple of the Mystical Sky Dance Sect, Luo Wu had many friends. If she could rope in a few immortal dao friends, she would have nothing to fear.

"I do have a few friends. For example, Yinxuan from the Mystical Sky Melody Sect, Mu Yexiao from the Mystical Thousand Sect, Huangfu Fengyun from the Mystical Heart Sect, and Bao Ming 'er from the Mystical Treasures Sect." Luo Wu said a few names. "These people are not weaker than me. (This chapter is not finished, please continue.) Especially Mu Yexiao, his cultivation is even higher than mine. " "So many experts?"

Gu Chensha knew that Luo Wu's friends weren't ordinary. They were all well-known figures in the Celestial Dao Mystic Sect. At the very least, they were experts at the Dao Realm Tenth Transformation and above. "Do you think that if we gather experts, can we kill Fa Wuxian?" "We can't."

Luo Wu shook her head. "I've been thinking about this for the past few days. That Fa Wuxian is truly invincible. Even the elders of the sect might not be his match. If people of our level were to surround and attack him, no matter how many of us are killed." "He is so strong?" Gu Chensha still didn't believe it.

"You can't imagine how terrifying he is."

Luo Wu had to admit it. "Each day that passes, his strength is getting more and more terrifying. If he becomes a true Saint, even the gods will be afraid of him." "Forget it. Since that is the case, then we will have to be careful when we meet him."

Gu Chensha sighed. "Then, I will have to trouble you to invite more celestial cultivators. If we can scout the Chaotic World Demon Ape God Temple, then we can strike first and destroy the temple. Is that possible?" "That is possible."

Luo Wu's eyes lit up. "In the past, with Evil God protecting him, that was impossible. But now that Evil God is being suppressed by Heaven Talisman Emperor, he doesn't have time to worry about the believers. If I gather a bunch of experts to kill Yuan Shesheng …" "I have to think about this carefully."

Gu Chensha was also plotting, "Luo Wu has found so many celestial cultivators. Even if we can take down the Chaotic World Demon Ape God Temple, the riches will be split by them. I won't even be able to get the leftovers. But if we don't take it down, it will be a problem. How will we be able to maintain balance?" "Okay, I will contact my friends." Luo Wu waved her sleeves and flew into the air.

When one reached Dao Realm Transformation 14, one's soul would leave the body and one's mental power would be really strong. The amount of spiritual energy one absorbed was huge and one wouldn't lack energy when flying in the air.

"Her cultivation is really strong." Gu Chensha shook his head. He still felt that he was really weak.

He returned to the bedroom and the reading room. He looked at the Xuanwu Baby who was still sleeping and absorbing celestial energy. Who knew when it would wake up. The ground and walls of the reading room were covered in a faint purple color. The original metal and stone material actually gave off the smell of purple crystals.

He used his fingers to tap the wall and there was actually a buzzing sound that only god weapons had. It was deep and long. Xuanwu Nest was filled with treasures. Xuanwu itself was a god beast with the strongest defense.

He took out the King Dragon Armor and Demon Descending Blade and dripped his blood to refine them. Last time, the armor and sword were scattered and slightly damaged. But after these few days of hard work, not only did they recover, but they also became even more mystical. But if he wanted to use the armor and sword to deal with Fa Wuxian, it was just an illusion.

"Sun and Moon Dragon, scatter into the body. Great skill seems clumsy, great wisdom seems stupid, the Dao is in the human world …" Gu Chensha used Sun and Moon Refining, Sun and Moon Transformation, and Sun and Moon Dragon to train his body. Large amounts of spiritual energy were absorbed into his blood and then merged with the light on the Sun and Moon Altar to transform into Sun and Moon Dragon Blood. The blood then flowed through his body, strengthening his meridians and seeping into his organs, making them as firm as stone.

But his main focus was still on cultivating the Clumsy Fist. He wanted to turn this fist into a detailed system. His Clumsy Fist was just an attack method and not a true martial art.

For example, if he didn't cultivate the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique, then he wouldn't be able to improve.

A martial art wasn't simple. It had to have all sorts of theories and steps to allow one to cultivate to the peak step by step.

But he was really smart now and had read a lot. He absorbed all sorts of knowledge to build a solid foundation for his own martial arts.

"If I can … (This chapter isn't over, please continue)

If I can do a thousand things at once, I will be able to perfect the Clumsy Fist. But who knows how long it will take to reach such a realm? "

For some reason, Gu Chensha felt that the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique wasn't safe. He knew from reading that there were people in the ancient times who got this talisman and cultivated it. But one day, due to various reasons, they lost the favor of the heavens and their cultivation disappeared. The talisman flew away on its own. Under such a situation, naturally, he had to study his own martial arts.

But because of that, he couldn't help but be distracted, causing the cultivation of the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique to slow down.

If he focused on cultivating this technique, he would have already cultivated the Xiantian Earth Energy.

But he didn't regret it because the Clumsy Fist was really strong. Once he reached the fourth transformation of Dao Realm, his body would be flawless and even the Xiantian Earth Energy might not be able to break it.

He stretched his limbs and practiced the Clumsy Fist over and over again. He punched out the various forms of the human world and the clumsy and ignorant people were all in this fist. Slowly, he was immersed in his own martial arts. Inside the pass, within the palace. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor didn't read through memorials and was talking to the Empress. The Empress' surname was Fa and she was from the Legalism Sect.

She was still a young lady and wore simple clothes. Although she had a wooden fork on her head, it couldn't hide her nobility. Every move she made had the demeanor of a Mother of the World.

Anyone who saw her would feel that she was the true Empress and that no other woman could replace her.

The other concubines in the palace were all extraordinary but she was the only one who could be the Mother of the World.

"Your Majesty has been busy recently and hasn't visited me in a long time."

The Empress brewed tea for the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. "Our palace has moved from the capital to this palace. When will you gather us for a gathering?"

"When the capital is built." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor drank a mouthful of tea. "Let's gather during the worship." "Your Majesty is really preparing to worship the Heavens?"

A worried expression appeared on the Empress' face. "Many people are watching. Our Great Yongchō has never been so lively before. If there are any changes to the worship, there might be unrest." "Is there no unrest in this life of mine?"

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor didn't seem to care. "Furthermore, the construction of the capital in the Desolate Mountains will activate the array formation. The energy of the entire Desolate Mountains will change and gather towards the city. The land that nurtured the billions of barbarians and evil gods will change as well. At that time, the evil gods will no longer be able to hide themselves and will be exposed to me. That will be the day of their death."

"Your Majesty, are you really going to break the balance that has existed since ancient times?" The Empress sighed. "The gods are the subjects of the Heavens, the righteous gods are the loyal subjects, and the evil gods are the traitors.

When the Saint Son of Heaven appears, the loyal and the traitors will settle down and the world will be in order. When the Saint Son of Heaven doesn't appear, the loyal and the traitors will kill each other and the world will fall into chaos. Your Majesty is now sealing the righteous gods and killing the evil gods. This is not something that can be tolerated by the Heavens. "

"No matter, weren't you in high spirits back then as well? Were you really going to fight against the Heavens, against the gods, against the group of immortals? Why do you seem to be afraid now? "The Heavenly Talisman Emperor said slowly.

"Your Majesty, it's not that I'm afraid, but during the worship a few years ago, the sun and moon were devoured, and a bloody light surrounded them. That power far surpassed that of the gods. When I returned to the Legalism Saint's spirit, I realized that it was an unprecedented calamity. Our Saint's divination told me that I have to leave Your Majesty before I can escape this calamity. Otherwise, the Legalism Saint will fall into the abyss of eternal damnation."

As the Empress spoke, she actually trembled slightly. Although she was deep in thought, the divination of the Legalism Saint's ancestor had always been accurate since ancient times.

"There's no need to worry." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor said calmly. "The Legalism Saint's realm is far below mine, so how can he see through the Heavenly Dao?

Let's not talk about this for now. That child of yours, Fa Wuxian, went to Little Nineteen's fief and caused a ruckus? " (End of Chapter.) .50z.