Chapter 40
==========

Gu Chensha aimed at the weakness of the bat. His hands were as quick as lightning and he struck the fatal acupoints around his body.

Even though Lou Baiyue and Long Yuyun had been the main combatants on both occasions, and he had only provided support, he had still gained quite a bit of life-or-death combat experience. As a result, his martial arts had become more and more refined, and he had gained new insights into some things that he hadn't understood in the past.

Of course, such comprehension wasn't enough for him to advance to Dao Realm. He needed more actual combat experience.

"Kid, this time, it's either you die or I die."

The demon bat's meridians were pierced by the Dragon Bone Sword. His strength was greatly reduced, but his ferocious nature became even more intense. The pitch-black hook in his hand swung out a hook shadow, deflecting the Dragon Bone Sword. Then, he slashed down from the sky. His aura was like a giant mouth of an abyss, wanting to swallow Gu Dusha.

"This demon's speed and strength have decreased by a lot."

Gu Chensha had Long Yuyun to restrict him, so he wasn't worried about getting injured. He saw the weakness right away and actually didn't care about the black hook. He stretched out his palm and used the dragon claw to dig at his heart.

This dragon was the Sun Moon Dragon Form of the Sun Moon Transformation. Sun Moon Transformation could mimic tens of thousands of moves but the strongest one was the Sun Moon Dragon Claw. His claw shadow changed and actually formed layers of strength. Pu!

Gu Chensha's claw broke through the defense of the bat and actually stabbed in, seeping into his flesh. However, Long Yuyun had managed to block the Baleful Bat's long hook.

Gu Chensha's move was really dangerous. If Long Yuyun didn't block it for him, he would have been sliced in half. This was a suicidal strike. If he didn't use such a dangerous move, he wouldn't have been able to injure the bat at all.

The bat was injured many times but he was still fighting like a trapped beast. He hollered and the muscles on his chest contracted. Instantly, Gu Chensha's claw couldn't reach in. The flesh turned into a wriggling python that was about to tear his hand apart.

"Is Dao Realm Transformation Two so strong? I don't believe it! "

Only then did Gu Chensha sense how strong Dao Realm was. He hollered and his arm shook once more. All his strength surged out and he used all his skills to rip the bat apart.

"Dragon Sword Unification!"

At this time, Long Yuyun held the Dragon Bone Sword in her hand and concentrated all of her essence, Qi, and soul into the sword. She suddenly stabbed at the Black Demon Bat's forehead.

"Black Baleful Demon Hand!"

The bat abandoned its hook and grabbed the Dragon Bone Sword, preventing it from piercing its glabella. He was simply an undying evil god who had resolved many fatal situations.

"Grabbing the Dragon Bone Sword, do you think that you have cultivated the Dao Realm Nine Transformation, Glass Jade Body?"

Long Yuyun shook the Dragonbone Sword in her hand. The Dragonbone Sword emitted a tremendous force that actually surpassed the strength of nine bulls and two tigers. This was the strength of the sword itself. Bang! The demonic black bat's palm exploded into a bloody mess. The sword force entered again and finally hit the space between his eyebrows.

"Good chance!"

When Gu Chensha saw the Black Demon Bat's aura weakening, he reached out with his palm and grabbed the bat's heart. His thoughts connected to the sacrificial space. Buzz buzz buzz …

The blood essence and soul of the Black Demon Bat were suddenly absorbed by the Sacrificial Space. They floated above the Sacrificial Space, issuing ghostly wails and howls.

"What a strong blood and soul!

This Black Demon Bat's soul even has an unbelievably evil and strong intent. This is the intent of the evil god … "Gu Chensha observed and realized that deep within the bat's soul, there seemed to be a giant evil god sitting on a white bone throne. There were mountains of corpses and oceans of blood everywhere.

Just the sacrifice of the Black Demon Bat's soul alone was a huge amount of Heaven Dew. There was also the intent of the evil god within which was limitless.

"He died just like that?"

Long Yuyun's sword stabbed a hole in the bat's head. She retracted it in confusion, "Was his soul taken away by the evil god when he died? Why didn't I sense the smell of his soul dissipating? "

"Maybe. Legend has it that once people who believe in evil gods die, their souls will become nourishment for the evil god." Naturally, Gu Chensha wouldn't reveal the secret.

Long Yuyun didn't mind. She searched the bat's body and suddenly took out a dark gold gourd. After opening it, there was actually a flowing light within.

"As expected, it really is the God Maha Pill!" "The God Maha Pill is the pill obtained by worshipping the king of the evil god, the God of Maha?

Rumor has it that this pill is a treasure of the evil dao. I don't know what its effects are. "Gu Chensha recalled the books he had read.

"This pill is extremely rare. How many people did the Black Demon Bat kill to obtain this treasure?"

Long Yuyun put it away and kept it for herself. "I'm going to use the Exorcism Formation of Dragon Sword Island to gather the power of the sun and moon to dispel the evil Qi in the pill. After I consume it, I'll have hope of breaking through to the second or even third transformation realm." As she spoke, she looked at Gu Chensha's expression. Gu Chensha didn't object to her obtaining the pill. He just squatted down and continued searching.

Suddenly, he took out a bag from the Black Demon Bat's chest. The bag was shining with golden light. It was a scroll.

"Why does it feel like the emperor's aura?"

Gu Chensha found it familiar. He opened the scroll. Instantly, there was a golden dragon embroidered on it. It was extremely ferocious, and there was a seal on it. The seal had the ancient words' Great Might Heavenly Dragon '. Then, there was a conferring document. The general idea was to confer the title of Duke on the Black Demon Bat.

"This is something from the Great Wei Dynasty." Long Yuyun was shocked. "Why would it appear here? And confer a title on the Black Demon Bat?

I only remember hearing from the elders of the Long Family that a hundred years ago, the Great Wei Dynasty had sent envoys to the various overseas countries. They had also conferred titles and wanted the various countries to join the Great Wei Dynasty. However, no one cared, and the envoys returned. "

The Great Wei Dynasty was very far away from the various overseas countries. An expert who could fly ten thousand miles in a day would need to fly continuously for dozens of years to reach it. This kind of distance was beyond the imagination of ordinary people. Hence, there would be no interaction at all.

Now that the imperial edict of the Great Wei Dynasty had appeared on the Black Demon Bat, this matter was rather interesting.

Could it be that the dynasty that was billions of miles away had also interfered in the war between the Great Yongchō and the Barbarians? And they were even helping the Barbarians?

It was not strange for the imperial edict of the Great Wei Dynasty to have the aura of the Son of Heaven on it. In the faraway continent, this dynasty ruled over countless people. The people there acknowledged the laws of this dynasty, and as time went by, it was natural for them to nurture the aura of the Son of Heaven.

"This is good stuff. The Black Demon Bat has really given me a pleasant surprise." Gu Chensha was overjoyed. He kept the imperial edict. When he returned and made a secret sacrifice, he would definitely receive benefits.

In this bag, other than the imperial edict, there was also a Black Demon Scripture. There were many evil martial arts recorded in it, as well as methods to communicate with the Evil God.

"This Black Demon Scripture is a Royal Grade martial art, and it is also very valuable. The Black Demon God was a powerful demon. He was not even a god, but he called himself a god. He was sealed or killed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, so the methods to communicate with him were no longer effective. It was also because of this that the Black Demon Bat benefited from this disaster, and escaped the control of the Black Demon God." Long Yuyun was disdainful of this scripture.

Gu Chensha took a look, memorized the martial arts, and kept it. "Handing over the Black Demon Bat and this Demon Scripture will be a great merit. Do you want a share of the credit? It will allow your Dragon Sword Island to gain status. "

"Forget it. Back then, my Dragon Sword Island didn't even want the title of nobility. Now that the First Prince has taken over, the credit will still go to you." Long Yuyun said.

"That's fine."

Gu Chensha thought about it. It was better for Long Yuyun to hide in the dark. Moreover, she was only cooperating with him.

Immediately, Gu Chensha searched again, but he did not find anything valuable on the Black Demon Bat. Hence, he grabbed the corpse and left.

"I'll go scout for information. If there's anything, I'll look for you." Long Yuyun left with a few leaps.

In the mansion, Inspector Ba Nan and many experts surrounded the Black Demon Bat's corpse. Gu Chensha sat on the seat of honor, resting with his eyes closed.

"Lord Inspector, this demon is indeed the old devil, the Black Demon Bat." A grandmaster said, "Did the Nineteenth Highness really kill him?" "The corpse is here, and so is his Demon Scripture. Could it be that he committed suicide?"

Gu Chensha laughed coldly, "I'll write a memorial myself and send it out overnight. Of course, the credit for killing this demon will also go to you."

"I dare not take credit." Inspector Ba Nan hurriedly knelt down, "The Nineteenth Lord's martial arts are unparalleled. It has nothing to do with me." "Send the corpse and the Demon Scripture to the imperial court as evidence."

Gu Chensha instructed, "This Black Demon Bat was a Dao Realm expert. Send the corpse to the Heavenly Craft Institute's Medical Department for research. It will benefit us greatly. He killed countless people. If we can use his corpse to research a way to save people, it will make up for some of our mistakes." "Yes!" "You may leave." "Yes!"

Only Gu Chensha was left in the empty room. He disappeared in a flash and entered the altar. He lit up the grass and started to sacrifice the Black Demon Bat's soul and blood. Buzz …

On the altar, a piercing green light appeared. The Black Demon Bat's soul instantly entered the Heavenly Dao. The Evil God's will struggled bitterly and chanted evil spells.

"What is this? It actually wants to devour my will." Gu Chensha heard the Evil God's will roar in anger, but there was nothing he could do. Bang! Suddenly, the Evil God's will exploded and was devoured by the Heavenly Dao. Then, hundreds of drops of Heavenly Dew floated above the altar.

"There are actually more than a hundred drops."

Gu Chensha was overjoyed. He hurriedly took the gourd and collected it. However, he did not bring it out and just placed it in the altar space. This space also had the ability to store things. Then, he took out the Great Wei Dynasty's imperial edict and offered it again. Bang!

The imperial edict burned and instantly turned clean. The Emperor's Energy within was swallowed by the Heavenly Dao. This time, the altar didn't change and the Emperor's God Sealing Technique appeared in the space.

"Sun and Moon Shine Third Stance, Sun and Moon Kill. This is a move to kill and destroy …"

The Annihilation of Sun and Moon appeared. This was a pure killing move. It was a combination of one's will, one's qi and blood, one's movements, and one's posture, all of them fusing with the sun and moon. In the end, the sun fell and the moon sank. This was the true killing move of the Sun and Moon Shine Together, the most powerful attack.

Sun and Moon Refinement trained energy to gather the spirit. Although it had moves and was really strong, in terms of pure killing power, Sun and Moon Kill far exceeded it.

Sun and Moon Refinement and Sun and Moon Transformation were good for cultivating. They could increase cultivation and train the soul.

But Sun and Moon Kill was different. One couldn't use it easily and once one used it, one would definitely harm one's body.

"Okay, with Sun and Moon Kill, I have a killing move. It won't be hard to kill a Dao Realm Transformation Realm expert." Gu Chensha planned to himself.