Chapter 896
===========

"Soaring Dragon Heart Sutra, 10,000 Dragons Rise, Dragons Become Dragons."

Long Xiangtian silently used his Soaring Dragon Heart Sutra and sent it into the Monolith Wall. He felt the connection between him and the Monolith Wall become stronger and stronger. The power of the Monolith Wall surged and merged with his mind.

Within his dimensional realm, the Dragon Stele of the Star Dragon Clan gradually melted under this strength. It disintegrated and fused with the Great Wall of Stone.

"Amazing!

The Great Wall of Boulders has indeed surpassed the Primeval Dragon Sect, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, the Primordial Mist Tree, and even the Astral Dragon Stele melted under the effects of the Great Wall of Boulders, turning them into my Soaring Dragon Heart Sutra.

Long Xiangtian felt his cultivation increase by leaps and bounds. It was as if he was about to break through the Divergent Realm and become a Celestial Lord.

"Amazing."

Gu Chensha was also watching the changes. He was very happy. "Long Xiangtian's Soaring Dragon Heart Sutra is quite powerful. When he fuses it with the Monolith Wall, he thinks he has subdued the Monolith Wall, but in reality, he has added his own soul to the Monolith Wall.

The Monolith Wall just lacks someone like Long Xiangtian. If it fuses with him, it can become a supreme treasure that can suppress the Divine Land.

This is also what I need. Long Xiangtian is a person with a monstrous destiny. He has obtained the Astral Dragon Stele and the Light of Destiny. In the future, he will have countless fortuitous encounters. If all of these fortuitous encounters are combined with the Great Stone Wall, the Great Stone Wall will eventually transcend. Since that's the case, I'll increase the intensity and use you as my test subject! Let the Dragonless Heart Sutra reach a critical point. " Gu Chensha suddenly sent his Dragonless Heart Sutra's secret essence into the Monolith Wall. The Monolith Wall moved slightly, and there was a mysterious sound coming from inside.

At this time, Long Xiangtian, who was cultivating, suddenly felt his divine sense move. He felt a mysterious force coming from inside the Monolith Wall.

"What is it …" Long Xiang Tian carefully analyzed the secret. He felt like it contained a technique that was many times better than his own. It could even complete his [Soaring Dragon Technique] and make it even more powerful. "The heavens are helping me. I didn't think that there would be such a profound secret inside the Great Stone Wall. What is this technique? It seemed to be somewhat similar to the Dragonless Mantra that Gu Chensha comprehended?

Could it be that when Gu Chensha suppressed China and the Four Wildernesses, he was also building the Great Stone Wall?

His Dao-Comprehending Spirit also seeped into this Great Wall, and I obtained his Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique?

That's right, that's how it is. Who would have thought that I would be able to obtain the essence of this person's Dragonless Heart Sutra. Since that's the case, then everything he has done is for me. Once I obtain this Dragonless Heart Sutra, I will be able to cultivate my Soaring Dragon Sutra to the true supreme realm.

At that moment, Long Xiangtian's mind spun billions of times. Each time it spun, there would be all sorts of unbelievable changes. As such, Long Xiangtian started to level up and break through. As he broke through, Long Xiangtian's body started to give off the aura of an Empyrean and a Divergent.

He merged his [Soaring Dragon Technique] and Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique together and started to comprehend them at the deepest level.

"I want you to break through to the Empyrean Realm, the Divergent Realm."

Gu Chensha observed the changes carefully. He was treating Long Xiangtian as a test subject. Long Xiangtian's cultivation was at the Dao Realm 36 Transformation Realm. Once he reached this realm, it would be hard for him to improve any further. Next, he would have to break through to become a Divergent and then become an Empyrean. The stronger one was, the stronger the restrictions at this stage would be. Especially for someone like Long Xiangtian.

Gu Chensha created the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique to give all living beings the ability to become Divergent. This was why his [Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique] surpassed the [Dragon Nurturing Technique], [Dragon Creation Technique], and [Holy Dragon Technique]. Anyone who cultivated this [Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique] could become a Divergent.

However, his [Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique] was still a little short of success. Coincidentally, Long Xiangtian was a good chance. After he used the [Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique] to comprehend the Divergent, it would give him a lot of feedback, allowing him to improve his own technique. This was a precious test subject.

In the world, it was hard to find a test subject like Long Xiangtian. It could be said that even Lou Baiyue's luck couldn't compare to Long Xiangtian's.

"Soaring Dragon in the Sky, King of the Sky, Divergent Dao, Shatter!"

After half a month, Long Xiangtian's heart technique revolved to the limit. A shattering aura emitted from the deepest parts of his body. Like this, Long Xiangtian's aura revolved faster and faster, and his [Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique] became increasingly mysterious. Finally, his entire body was filled with the aura of a Divergent.

Within his dimensional realm, the Star Dragon Stele created by the Star Dragon Clan had finally turned into a seed formed from countless galaxy vortexes. This seed was planted within the Great Stone Wall, allowing his will to penetrate into the Great Stone Wall.

"Good, good, good! The Great Stone Wall will soon become my avatar! "

Long Xiangtian's heart shook and he roared. It was as if a heroic feeling of dominating the world was spreading out from his body. He knew that his strength had made another great progress. As long as he could reach the Empyrean realm and completely refine the Great Stone Wall, even the Earthly Sovereign wouldn't be able to do anything to him.

"It looks like this child will ascend to the Empyrean realm soon."

Gu Chensha carefully analyzed this test subject and nodded. "This child's destiny is ever-changing. As I meditate on it, it gives me a great deal of information. With this information, I will be able to bring the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique to true perfection. Then, anyone in this world, any living being that cultivates it can become a Divergent."

Gu Chensha knew that once his Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique reached perfection, he would have a transcendent foundation capable of resisting the Heavenly Dao and the Emperor Of Heaven. Even if the Heavenly Dao and the Emperor Of Heaven were to succeed, he could still lie dormant and hide himself so that the Heavenly Dao and the Emperor Of Heaven wouldn't discover him. Then, he could wait for a chance to make a comeback and obtain true immortality.

"Empyrean!"

Long Xiangtian naturally didn't know that he had already become a chess piece and a test subject. He still thought that he had stolen Gu Chensha's Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique.

After breaking through to the Divergent stage, he tried to break through again, converting all of his world energy into the aura of an empyrean.

The rate of transformation was getting faster and faster, but it didn't show on the outside. To outsiders, Long Xiangtian looked like he was sitting on top of the Great Stone Wall, meditating and cultivating like many other cultivators. There were as many people like him on the Great Stone Wall as there were hairs on a cow, and they didn't attract any attention.

Any powerful existence that became an empyrean would cause a huge phenomenon, and there would even be tribulations. Many people who became empyreans would be annihilated by the following tribulations. But Long Xiangtian didn't face any tribulations when he became an empyrean.

In other words, he had already grasped the secrets of a Divergent, and was carrying out his plan to steal the heavens.

After thousands of twists and turns, Long Xiangtian's body trembled, and from his head down to his hair, he became an empyrean. He had finally succeeded.

The moment he became an empyrean, Gu Chensha received all of the information regarding Long Xiangtian becoming an empyrean, as well as countless precious data.

"Good, very good! So that's how it is. "

Gu Chensha couldn't help but feel great joy in his heart. These precious data fused with his Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique, causing it to produce a squirming that surpassed the Heavenly Daos.

The Dragonless Heart Sutra, which he had been unable to make a breakthrough for a long time, melted bit by bit like breaking ice. In the process of melting, Gu Chensha only felt that his horizons were getting wider and wider. In that instant, he seemed to have seen beyond the boundless space and time, the heavens beyond the heavens, the lands beyond the earth, the emptiness beyond the emptiness beyond the emptiness beyond the emptiness beyond the emptiness beyond the emptiness beyond the emptiness. In a place that could not be thought, understood, explained, or described, there were two masses of wills clashing with each other, blending together, killing each other, devouring each other, and changing each other. The two masses of will were indescribable, and they couldn't be guessed.

As they fought, they lost many things. In the endless battle, the two masses of will gradually weakened, and they couldn't control the situation anymore.

"This is? The confrontation between Father Emperor and the Heavenly Daos?

Just as I expected, the situation can't be controlled anymore. No one can say what will happen in the future. The changes produced by the confrontation between the two of them gave birth to people like Gu Tiansha and Long Xiangtian. "Gu Chensha came back to his senses and thought carefully. He saw something that no one else could see.

At this time, Long Xiangtian became an empyrean, and he began to infuse his empyrean source into the Great Stone Wall.

Another month passed, and the Great Stone Wall moved slightly. Long Xiangtian felt a slight change in his will, and it permeated every corner of the Great Stone Wall. Then, as he breathed, the Great Stone Wall also breathed. He even felt that as long as he willed it, the Great Stone Wall could fly out and move according to his will. In the unseen world, he could use the power of the Great Stone Wall to suppress everything.

"I finally succeeded."

Long Xiangtian opened his eyes and took a deep breath. "I finally became an empyrean, and refined the Great Stone Wall into my doppelganger. Not only that, I also obtained the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique. However, I can't activate the Great Stone Wall right now, in case the imperial court finds out. That Gu Chensha is really powerful, and the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique is mysterious. I still don't fully understand it. So, if I want to suppress him and turn him into my slave, I'm still a bit off.

At worst, both sides will suffer. That's not a good plan. Just wait for me to cultivate for a while longer, and combine the Soaring Dragon Mental Cultivation Technique with the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique. Then, the imperial court will be mine. "