Chapter 794
===========

Gu Chensha did not die in the tribulation. Of course, under the power of the Primordial Thunder of the Chiliocosm, which was equivalent to the explosion of a Great Thousand World, he was seriously injured. If he was not injured at all, it would be too exaggerated. After all, his current cultivation level was low. ...

One had to know that a Great Thousand World was different from a medium-sized world. The true Great Thousand Power was really vast and vast. Why was Gu Chensha able to sweep the world?

Actually, a large part of the reason was that he could use the power of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand World.

The Sun and Moon were Great Thousand Worlds themselves and were even stronger than the three Supreme God Artifacts. Great Thousand Worlds were also split into different levels.

The low-grade Great Thousand Realms were the Profound Origin Great Thousand Realms, the Central Great Thousand Realms, the Saha Great Thousand Realms, and so on. They were born in the turbulent flow of space and time, and were nurtured by all living things. Although these realms were strong, they had not truly awakened the essence of the Great Thousand Realms. The higher level ones were the Sacrifice Talisman, Primordial Dragon Gate, and Hongmeng Tree. Above them were the Spiritual World, Celestial World, Sun and Moon. Above them was the Central Plains God Continent. Then, there was the Endless World, which was the Heaven Realm. The Heaven Realm didn't belong to the Great Thousand World. The core of the Heaven Realm was the position of Emperor Heaven.

Only by obtaining this position could one truly grasp the source power of the Heaven Realm and merge with the Heavenly Dao. One could borrow the strongest power of the Heavenly Dao. This was the strongest method.

Gu Chensha had already become a Saint and cultivated the Dao Realm 33 Transformation, Truth Saint Heart. He reached this realm after being killed by the Great Thousand Primordial Dragon Lightning.

But his essence energy was badly damaged, otherwise, he would have been able to trap The Great Spirit God and Old Man Primordial.

These two experts had no way of escaping from Gu Chensha, who had become a Saint. But Gu Chensha's essence energy was badly damaged, so Old Man Primordial fled first.

Gu Chensha didn't chase. He just stared at The Great Spirit God. Only by killing this god could he resolve the hatred in his heart. A stream of Primal Qi shot out.

Gu Chensha's Divine Land Gourd had locked onto The Great Spirit God, preventing The Great Spirit God from escaping the transformation.

"Break!"

Gu Chensha pinched his palms together to form a rune, and a huge power brewed and rotated within his palms. Then, a sound like that of a landslide or a tsunami was released from his palms.

"The Great Spirit God, you won't be able to escape today. I can mend the heavens, I can change the heavens. Have a taste of my newly comprehended Emperor Of Heaven Fist! "

Gu Chensha's body floated over. He used the Divine Land Gourd to absorb The Great Spirit God, and then his fist reached his side. Gu Chensha's fist technique was always changing, and so was his martial arts. Between one punch.

Heaven and earth changed color, Qian Kun changed position, the world swallowed, and chaos gathered and dispersed.

The Great Spirit God Chensha's attack was full of confidence. The fist contained the true essence of the Emperor Of Heaven, and he knew that he couldn't block it. Even though he had cultivated since the Primordial Age, plotted step by step, first became a True God, then escaped Gu Taxian's seal, then pretended to cooperate with the Sorcerer Ancestor, then devoured the Sorcerer Ancestor, conspired with the Primordial Heart Demon, merged with them, and reached an agreement with the Primordial Dragon Sect, and had a great chance of cultivating to the Divine Yuan Realm, he still couldn't do it in front of Gu Chensha.

"No!

I'm the strongest, and I'm good at scheming. You're just a lowly existence. How can you fight against me and kill me?

Gu Chensha, I'll let you know that even Gu Taxian can't kill me, let alone you. "At that moment, The Great Spirit God once again showed an unexpected technique. Under the attack of Gu Chensha's fist technique, he disappeared.

This body was completely gone. It had gone through Nirvana, disappeared, or merged with the Heavenly Dao. After a Saint died, they became nourishment for the Heavenly Dao.

After a normal person died, their body became nourishment for the Earth. After a Saint died, he became nourishment for the Heavenly Dao. At that moment, the body of The Great Spirit God died, disappeared, and was gone. A dead person, Gu Chensha couldn't do anything.

"Gu Chensha, you can't kill me. My true technique is to reverse myself in the midst of death. Other powerful beings, even the Patriarchs of the Heaven and Earth, can't revive after they die. But I can. Even if I die, I can come back to life."

The Great Spirit God said, "Gu Chensha, now that I've died here, I'll revive at another place. This is the authority of the Heavenly Dao that I've comprehended. Kid, you're still lacking when it comes to certain aspects of the Heavenly Dao."

Gu Chensha's fist missed. Just like that, the Spirit God died and fused with the Heavenly Dao. No one knew where he would revive.

"This is the true technique of The Great Spirit God."

Gu Chensha didn't continue to chase after him. He knew that he couldn't do so anymore. There was no way to attack a dead person.

"Even now that the Heavenly Dao has weakened, if a Sage wants to revive, they need a huge amount of sacrificial power. That sacrificial power also needs to be of high quality. If it's an ordinary person, no matter how many, if the sacrificial power isn't high quality and pure, they won't be able to revive the Sage."

Gu Chensha thought silently. "But all in all, the stronger the person, the higher the requirement for sacrificial power to revive.

But it's clear that The Great Spirit God doesn't need sacrificial power to revive. That's his greatest uniqueness.

No wonder he's the most cunning and terrifying one. I still didn't expect him to have such ability. " Gu Chensha calmed down and absorbed the power to recover his vitality.

Just at that moment, a huge power from the depths of the Primordial Dragon Gate collapsed and spat out. He was actually ejected from the Primordial Dragon Gate.

Then the huge Primordial Dragon Gate and the surrounding Five Elements Great Thousand Worlds completely disappeared. They'd actually moved to another space-time.

"Primordial Dragon Gate …" Gu Chensha opened the Primordial Dragon Gate and didn't chase after it.

Actually, he'd already achieved his goal this time. With the help of the Primordial Dragon Lightning that the Primordial Dragon Gate dropped, he'd finally passed the last hurdle. He'd become a Sage and his strength had greatly increased. The Divine Land Gourd had also become more and more powerful. He wanted to suppress the Primordial Dragon Gate, but now was not the time. After all, the Primordial Dragon Gate was a treasure that was as famous as the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman. Even if it was very weak now, if he wanted to suppress it, he wouldn't be able to do it in a short time.

Moreover, as the Primordial Dragon Gate, if it exploded, it was unknown whether Gu Chensha could suppress it or not. Because right now, Gu Chensha's vitality had been greatly damaged.

Even if he used all his means to suppress the Primordial Dragon Gate, he wouldn't be able to refine it. The Primordial Dragon Gate was fighting like a cornered beast and would greatly restrict him. At this time, if other enemies came to attack, he would die without a burial place.

Moreover, he calculated that even if he fully recovered, to suppress the Primordial Dragon Gate, he would probably need the Divine Land Gourd's power. Apart from that, it would take decades of painstaking work. Now that the world was in full swing, where would he find the time to give him decades of time?

Moreover, he had many enemies. In order to deal with the Primordial Dragon Gate, he wouldn't be able to do anything else.

"What a pity. If the Primordial Dragon Gate voluntarily submitted to me, it would be a wonderful thing. Now that he has his own ideas, I can only give up. Fortunately, I have cultivated to a Sage and comprehended the Dao of the Emperor Of Heaven. I have perfected the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra, Dragon Creation Sutra, and Dragon Nurturing Sutra. Under normal circumstances, I can create more Innate Sages."

Gu Chensha let out a long breath, "I have control over the people of the Divine Land. This is my greatest advantage. After I return, I will fuse the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra into my Human Dragon Fist and spread it across the world to cultivate. Although I can't say that everyone can become a Sage, the upper echelons of my Calmness Celestial Department will have at least tens of thousands of Innate Sages. This way, the quality and quantity of our sacrificial offerings will increase by a thousand times. This is not all. If everyone in the world cultivates the Human Dragon Fist, they can eliminate fools. Now, if everyone in the world has top-grade aptitude, the power of sacrificial offerings I will obtain will be able to turn the world upside down and crush any existence."

After Gu Chensha obtained the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra, he knew what a treasure was. The three divine weapons were actually not as good as his painstakingly managing the world, controlling the fate and sacrificial offerings of the world.

If he could turn everyone in the world into top-grade aptitude, suppressing the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, would not be a problem.

If he could turn everyone in the world into genius aptitude, he would be truly invincible. He could even forcefully open the door to the Heaven Realm and obtain the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven.

If everyone in the world was a peerless genius, an innate Saint, then everyone would become a Saint. At that level, reaching the Heavenly Dao would not be an exaggeration.

It had to be said that in the great clans, a single genius was the blessing of countless generations. Geniuses could cultivate the eighteen transformations of the Great Dao and live for a thousand years. Geniuses were one in a hundred million.

Gu Chensha knew that managing the world was the trend of the times. It was a true overt plot. Collecting treasures from everywhere was actually a small path.

That was why he was very satisfied. After obtaining the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra, he went back to perform some augury and enlightenment, then fused it into the Human Dragon Fist. First, he would increase the fighting prowess of the Calmness Immortal Department. WHOOSH!

His body had already left, and a moment later, he was inside the Calmness Immortal Department, in the Little Primordial Tree, within the thousand-dimensional world of the Mortal Life's Wish sphere. It was now the end of the thirty-fourth year of the Heavenly Talisman. He had been cultivating in the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate for many years. The world was very calm, and was still developing majestically.

Many of the old-timers were forming alliances, waiting for an opportunity. Many of them knew that there would be a huge disturbance in the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman. The great tribulation would begin that year, and the world would undergo new transformations.

That was why no one made a move, waiting for an opportunity. Whoever made a move first would reveal a flaw and fall into the enemy's trap.

"Chensha, you're back?" Celestial Martial Saint was in the middle of cultivating, so he couldn't help but ask, "Chensha, you're back?" ..... appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy)