Chapter 123
===========

This was because they wanted to recruit disciples in the mortal world. Pretty much all cultivation geniuses were born in the mortal world. Just like how lotuses bloomed in mud, without a stench, one wouldn't be able to give birth to a peaceful lotus.

"Right, with your cultivation, if you enter the Ancient Celestial Path's 72 sects, what position will you have?" He asked Jade Hanlu.

"I am already at Dao Realm Transformation Five and I can be considered an outstanding person in the Celestial Path. I can be considered an outer sect disciple. If I break through to Transformation Six and can use Xiantian Energy, then I will be an inner sect disciple. If I cultivate the Glass Jade Body, then I will be a core disciple. Then I will be the core strength of the sect, the true higher-ups. "

Jade Hanlu said, "Most sects should have such rules. Actually, each sect doesn't have many core disciples. Most of them rely on all sorts of treasures to raise to Dao Realm Transformation Eight True Flame but when they form the Glass Jade Body, the true flame will burn their brains and they won't be able to control it. They will either burn themselves to death or become mad. Only one out of 100 Dao Realm Transformation Eight True Flame cultivators will succeed."

"Also, if one doesn't cultivate the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body, one's lifespan will only be around 150 to 200 years. Moreover, after 150 years, one will age quickly and their vital energy will weaken."

Long Yuyun said, "I once saw an old ancestor of Dragon Sword Island who cultivated to Dao Realm Transformation Seven. On the day he was 150, his energy dissipated and he became like a normal old man. In the end, he couldn't take it anymore and committed suicide."

"This is the miracle of creation. The strong can't escape fate." Gu Chensha sighed and suddenly thought about Heaven Talisman Emperor.

"Let's go, let's head back. Heaven Talisman Emperor is really prosperous."

Upon seeing the trio leave, the experts who were watching the entrance of the Eternal Trading Firm hurriedly entered the building.

"Prince, they have left.

Should we continue to watch them? "An armored middle-aged man walked in front of Gu Tanjian and knelt down on one knee.

"Watch them."

Gu Tanjian's face was ferocious, "Especially Long Yuyun and Cold Jade Dew, those two lowly maids. I will capture them and use them as human cauldrons, pluck them clean, and then sell them to the lowest level brothel.

No, I want to send them to the barbarian slaves to be ravaged day and night. I want them to beg for death! "

Hearing Gu Tanjian's vicious words, the middle-aged man shivered, but he didn't dare to disobey. He hurriedly accepted the order. "Then, should we arrest him now?" "Not now. There's no good opportunity."

Gu Tanjian licked his lips and his eyes flickered with a trace of bloody light. "But opportunities will always come. Where is Young Lady Luo Wu?"

"Hurry up and lead the way for the heir." The middle-aged man hurriedly berated the servant in front of him.

Seeing Gu Tanjian leave, the middle-aged man hurriedly walked out. His forehead was dripping with cold sweat, "This guy is getting more and more vicious. It seems like he is cultivating a demonic art to change his temperament. I hope he doesn't go berserk and become a real demon. Otherwise, we'll be in deep trouble." In the Emperor's Imperial Residence.

In the study room, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was still reading the memorials, as if he didn't know what fatigue was.

The ministers in the study room were also following him. All of them were in high spirits. All the major affairs of the world were handled here.

"Fang Lin." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor suddenly stopped.

"Your subject is here." Fang Lin stood up. "Your Majesty, what instructions do you have?"

This person was praised by the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong as a 'formidable character'. He was a scholar who came from a poor family. His gentleness was like jade, and he exuded a capable and capable air. He already had the demeanor of an ancient minister.

"There's a memorial here. It's Prince Heng. He says that the remnants of the Long Clan are killing people everywhere in the sea, and that Prince Chen is protecting the culprit. He hopes that the imperial court can arrest the leader of the bandits, Long Yuyun, for interrogation. What do you think?" The Heavenly Talisman Emperor tossed the memorial to Fang Lin.

Fang Lin read it carefully. "Your subject has heard of this matter. Prince Heng has been guarding the sea for many years, and his power is vast. However, his subordinates are mixed in with the honest folk. There are some people with ulterior motives who want to sow discord between the First Prince and the Nineteenth Prince. Your Majesty, please understand." "It's rare for you to say something like this."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor smiled. "If your words spread, you'll offend Prince Heng and the Heng Clan. They'll say that he's befriending bandits." "Your subject is just speaking the truth." Fang Lin's expression didn't change.

"Your subject doesn't dare to spread it." The other ministers immediately stood up.

"It's fine."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor gestured for everyone to sit down. "I know that Prince Heng cultivates in demonic arts. He wants to raise his cultivation, and combining righteousness and evil is also a path of cultivation.

However, he's gradually losing the ability to suppress the devil. His intellect and willpower aren't strong enough, and he'll inevitably be tempted by the devil. It's important to know one's own limits. "

Many of the ministers didn't dare to speak. This was a sign that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was unhappy with his eldest son. Everyone would try to figure out the emperor's intentions.

"Fang Lin, draft the decree." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor said.

"Yes!" Fang Lin picked up the brush and ink, and listened to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's decree.

"Confer Long Yuyun the title of Dragonsword General. She can bring her clansmen back to this island.

In addition, change the name of this island to Dragonsword Prefecture, and make it part of the Great Yongchō's overseas territory. Tell Prince Heng's troops to retreat from this prefecture. "

As the Heavenly Talisman Emperor spoke, Fang Lin wrote quickly: "This prefecture is under the control of Marquis Sea-Reclamation. Long Yuyun is under his command." "Marquis Sea-Reclamation?"

Lou Chongxiao's eyes twitched when he heard this decree. This Marquis, Marquis Jushi, Marquis Ironblood, Marquis Starsuction, Marquis Thousand-Autumns, Marquis Subduing, Marquis Treasure, and Marquis Xinwu were the cornerstones of the imperial court. They were once known as the Eight Pillars of Heaven. This meant that these eight marquis supported half of the imperial court.

There was no need to mention Marquis Jushi. He guarded the Great Stone Wall, and his contributions were unparalleled.

Marquis Sea-Reclamation's contributions weren't any lower than Marquis Jushi's. He was guarding the Bottomless Sea of Sin. The Bottomless Sea of Sin wasn't at the edge of the Great Yongchō, but at the center.

There was a prefecture there called the Sin Prefecture. It was rumored to be a lake where gods and devils fought during the ancient war.

The Bottomless Sea of Sin was always dark and bottomless. It was rumored to be connected to another world.

All kinds of dark and ferocious monsters would often crawl out of the Sea of Sin, causing disasters on the earth. Dynasties couldn't solve the problem, and even some ancient immortals came to seal them.

After the Heavenly Talisman Emperor ascended to the throne, he cut off the mountains in the Sin Prefecture and filled the sea, completely solving the problem. However, he still asked Marquis Sea-Reclamation to station there to prevent the monsters from the Sea of Sin from rushing out again.

This was one of the ten major achievements of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, cutting off the mountains to fill the Sea of Sin.

Marquis Sea-Reclamation was originally the most outstanding disciple of the Myriad Water Mystical Gate, an immortal dao sect. However, he later followed the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and became extremely loyal. He would faithfully carry out the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's will, and the Heng Family and Prince Heng couldn't do anything to him.

"The Emperor is increasing the power of the Nineteenth Prince." Many ministers understood. Which one of them wasn't a shrewd person?

First, Marquis Jushi became friends with Gu Chensha. Now, Marquis Sea-Reclamation became Long Yuyun's superior, and Long Yuyun turned to Gu Chensha. In addition, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor even asked Lou Baiyue to be close to Gu Chensha.

In the past, the ministers didn't understand the deep meaning, but now they gradually understood that the Nineteenth Prince was already extremely favored. Fang Lin finished writing the decree and read it to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

"Add one more. Let Jade Frost Dew be a minister in the Ministry of Commerce, third rank." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor said, "She will be under Marquis Jubao." "Yes!" "Send out the decree and announce it." "Yes!"

"Chongxiao, did the people of the Sky Dance Mystical Gate come to the capital? A few days ago, Ji Qingwu sent me a message, saying that she sent her most outstanding disciple to dance for me to celebrate the move of the capital." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor asked Lou Chongxiao.

"Yes, that disciple is called Luo Wu, Gate Master Ji's personal disciple. Rumor has it that her dance can subdue all living things and subdue demons."

Lou Chongxiao said, "I have already brought her to the relay station, but she has been invited by the Eternal Trading Firm as a guest these few days." "Summon her to the palace, I want to see her." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor said.

"Your Majesty, His Highness Fourth requests an audience." Gao Ling tiptoed in.

"Let him in." The Fourth Prince, Gu Huasha, walked in slowly and knelt, "Your son greets Imperial Father." "You have been to Little Nineteen, right?" The Heavenly Talisman Emperor asked casually.

"Your son has been there, I wonder if Little Nineteen understood it," Gu Huasha replied.

"Little Nineteen has. Do you understand what I mean?" The Heavenly Talisman Emperor said.

"Your son understands." Gu Huasha quickly kowtowed.

"Since you understand, you may leave."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor ordered, "Gao Ling, bring my imperial seal and Little Four to the Yongwu Secret Vault. Let him choose one item."

"Your son thanks Imperial Father." Even with Gu Huasha's indifference, hearing the words Yongwu Secret Vault still made him excited. The Imperial Court moved quickly.

The next day, Long Yuyun and Cold Jade Dew had already received the decree in the manor. After sending off the eunuch who delivered the decree, Long Yuyun was excited, "Your Majesty is truly wise. Dragonsword Island can be at peace again, our clansmen can return home, and from now on, we will be the Great Yongchō State. The First Prince will not dare to act rashly."

"That's right. You are now under the Marquis of Zhenhai. The First Prince cannot do anything to him."

Cold Jade Dew smiled, "I am now under the Marquis of Concourse of Treasures. I will pay my respects to this superior later. You have to reorganize your clansmen and report to the Marquis of Zhenhai to guard Dragonsword Island." "I didn't expect Imperial Father to understand my thoughts."

Gu Chensha thought about it. He still had to recruit Baoyu Nation, while Long Yuyun returned to Dragonsword Island to reorganize her clansmen and rebuild her power. That way, they could work together.

"Your Highness, my parents and younger siblings will remain in Your Highness' residence." Long Yuyun said, "I hope that Your Highness will allow my younger brother to become Yiming's disciple and learn from him." "Of course."

Gu Chensha thought about it, "When you reach Dragonsword Island, you still have to be careful of Boss. His cultivation is profound, and he suffered a great loss this time. He will definitely not let this go. Although you are now an official of the Imperial Court and he will not dare to act recklessly, he still has many sinister tricks up his sleeves. He has taken in many old demons." "I know."

Long Yuyun regained the spirit of an expert from before. "Although my strength is meager, I still want to fight the First Prince. Now that I have the Universe Box, I can contact you at all times." "Build a good relationship with the Marquis of Zhenhai."

Gu Chensha instructed. Now that Cold Jade Dew and Long Yuyun had become officials of the Imperial Court, they would gradually build up their influence. He would finally have some assistants in the Imperial Court.

"The Marquis of Treasures is in charge of the Ministry of Commerce. He is in charge of the circulation of wealth and goods in the world and the issuance of currency. His authority is as great as a mountain. I will definitely manage it well and work for Your Highness," Cold Jade Dew said.