Chapter 1114
============

Destiny Gathering

"Sword!"

Lin Yixun continued to extract the deathless energy. Gradually, a stream of essence was extracted from the energy, which then transformed into a sword. This sword was filled with the purest deathless energy. It was trembling, exploding, vibrating, and flowing. In other words, the sword itself was almost at the Immortal level.

"Wonderful."

Lin Yixun was overjoyed. "This is equivalent to refining and creating the Supreme Immortal Realm. It's simply heaven-defying. No wonder you're the protagonist of the next era. Zhou Qin, I have no words to describe this. I feel that, given time, this sword that I've refined will definitely reach the Supreme Immortal Realm. Up until now, there have only been two Supreme Immortal Realm magic treasures. The first was the gourd that Fa Wuxian transformed into, but that gourd had long been devoured by someone else. As for the second Supreme Immortal Realm magic treasure, it was a martial arts talisman. Since then, there has never been a third Supreme Immortal Realm magic treasure.

This sword of mine is the third peerless Immortal level magical treasure. In a few years, I'll be able to turn it into a true peerless Immortal level expert. Even if this magical treasure goes out on its own, it'll be able to hold its own against the first peerless Immortal level experts. "

"That means creating an Immortal level expert." Zhang Xuangong, Tang Chuan, Wei Jia, Zhou Yang, and the others were all shocked.

"But it consumes too much power of faith from the sacrifices," Lin Yixun said.

"In just a short while, I can sense that the sacrifices and faith from the old and new worlds have been greatly reduced. Even the world's origin seems to be hungry."

"That's right. Peerless Immortal experts have gathered the fate energy of countless universes, and obtained the greatest opportunity to become peerless Immortal experts. Of course, creating them now would cost a lot of fate energy and faith sacrifices." "That's right.

Zhou Qin said, "The Heavenly Dao was invincible in the past. But why did it still need people to sacrifice themselves? Because after it obtained the power of sacrifices, it could refine higher-level existences and evolve itself.

Now that you've refined this flying sword, which is an immortal grade artifact, the destiny of the entire old and new worlds has begun to decrease. You have to make up for it through various operations. "

Lin Yixun nodded. She also knew how difficult it was to create a supreme immortal realm. To gather the fate energy of a super giant universe, it would take countless times of preparation before one could be born.

Although the old and new worlds were much larger than the mega universes, when they first formed, they were all unstable. Extracting the fate energy and sacrifices within to create the Invincible Undying had actually harmed the origin of the world.

Anyway, it didn't matter. As long as he worked hard, the old and new worlds would grow bigger and bigger. Then, he would be able to create countless peerless Immortal Realm experts.

"Right now, you're still taking the soul energy from other people's worship and faith. You haven't reached that realm yet. If you reach a higher realm, you will be able to open your soul energy and create endless Immortal Realm experts," said Zhou Qin. "Alright, we don't need to talk about this realm. Let's focus on our business. Next, help me refine my body. "

"Refining the body requires a lot of faith energy and fate energy, as well as all kinds of sacrifices. We need to refine them to the highest degree. However, all of these can be done in the old and new worlds. In that case, Mister Zhou Qin, please join our old and new worlds and create them together," said Lin Yixun.

"Very good. That's a deal." Zhou Qin nodded. Rumble! The entire Old and New Worlds began a whole new transformation.

"Not bad, not bad."

Gu Chensha also saw the changes in the old and new worlds. He knew that Zhou Qin and Lin Yixun were working together to completely transform into humans.

Not only that, the new world and the old world started to give birth to many powerful people. It seemed like the old world's Will and the new world's Gu Xinjian were trying their best to turn into humans. Only by turning into humans could their strength reach the limit and advance further, stabilizing the tenth level of the Immortal Realm. Unless there was an unbreakable Immortal Realm, they would be stuck in this realm forever.

"My coercion has indeed caused these future protagonists to be born again. I've also obtained some knowledge about the future. Very good. However, the future has been completely messed up. No one knows what will be born." Anticipation appeared in Gu Chensha's eyes.

The situation he had created was chaotic. From the beginning, he had spread the Dragonless Heart Sutra and developed the greatest power in the depths of people's hearts. The situation had gone out of control.

The original world was a flow of resources. In other words, when a powerful existence was born, it had to plunder the corresponding resources. Otherwise, it would be difficult to cook without rice.

In such a world, the birth of an expert could be seen at a glance. It could even be controlled. As long as the resources were controlled, experts could not be born. Even if one couldn't control the resources, one could clearly see who would plunder the resources and who would be born. In other words, the future of the past could be completely predicted.

But now, there was no need for resources. In the depths of everyone's heart, there was an endless amount of resources. As long as one could take them out, they would be an invincible existence.

In the old world, perpetual motion machines did not exist. But now, anyone who had awakened Spirit Force was a perpetual motion machine. In this way, even without the need for resources, people could still obtain supreme evolution. The future was completely messed up. No one knew what would be born in the multiverse.

This was a great era where stars shone brightly. It was a truly glorious era that was unpredictable. Countless experts would truly appear. Their thoughts, their wisdom, would push the civilization of heaven and earth to unprecedented heights.

It wasn't the old world or the new world. The old world and the new world were all undergoing marvelous changes. Many universes were also undergoing rapid evolution. In the countless universes, there was a frenzy of cultivation because no one wanted to die from the exhaustion of their lifespan. Swoosh!

Gu Chensha entered a world that had just evolved into a giant universe. He wanted to observe the cultivation craze caused by him pushing out the lifespan laws, as well as the reactions of all living beings towards this matter.

The universe he descended into was called the Hard and Soft Universe. This universe also had martial arts, but there were also arcane techniques, magic, witchcraft, cultivation, technology, machines, etc. Everyone evolved according to their own cultivation.

However, the current levels were set by Gu Chensha. How much strength one had would determine how many levels one could reach. For example, the Dharma Saint reached the Undying Realm. He was level 99 and had a lifespan of a billion years.

Basically, if one cultivated the Dao Realm Six Transformation Xiantian Astral Energy, one would be level one. If one cultivated the Dao Realm Eighteen Transformation, Great Dao Golden Core, one would be level two. The other cultivation of magic, arcane techniques, etc., were all based on one's lifespan. It was absolutely fair and there were no loopholes at all.

"Who was it? Who controlled all of this and caused my parents to die? "

At that moment, in the dormitory of a huge military school, a teen wearing a military uniform sat cross-legged. A virtual interface appeared in front of him and his name and stats appeared on it. Wang Dong, Level 1, Lifespan 60, and some other information.

His lifespan continued to decrease. Every moment that passed, it would decrease by a bit. This meant that his lifespan was decreasing.

However, he slowly cultivated a cultivation technique which caused this speed to decrease. However, it seemed like his realm hadn't reached the required level and his lifespan didn't increase.

"One's combat strength can be seen from one's lifespan."

Wang Dong sighed, "Unfortunately, my Yuan Ling Technique can't break through. Otherwise, I would have 100 years of lifespan."

Gu Chensha greatly reduced the lifespan of all living beings. Originally, normal people would have 100 years of lifespan. But now, if they were born, they would only have 30 years of lifespan. They were pitifully weak. However, if they could cultivate right away, they would be able to reach level one very quickly and have 60 years of lifespan.

"My parents didn't cultivate. They died the moment this tribulation of lifespan came. There was no room for maneuver. I hate it. "

Wang Dong fiercely punched the bed. "Who is it? In an instant, such a page appeared in the minds of all living creatures. All living creatures' lifespans have been greatly reduced. Originally, with my current level of cultivation, my lifespan should have been at least a few hundred years. Now, it's only sixty years. This is practically plunder, naked plunder. If I find out who the mastermind behind all this is, I'll definitely tear him to pieces!" Wang Dong smashed his fist onto the bed.

At this moment, the hatred in Wang Dong's heart couldn't be washed away even with all the water in the ocean.

"This person is the one who gathered the destiny of the entire universe?"

Gu Chensha quietly entered the dormitory of the military school. He looked at the teen called Wang Dong and smiled.

He wasn't aimlessly looking around. Instead, he was carefully observing the places where destiny was gathered.

There were places where destiny was gathered in a village. There were also instances where destiny was gathered in a single person. If it was gathered in a family, then that family would be the richest in the village. If it was gathered in a single person, then that person would be the most promising person in the entire village in the future.

This was the case for a village, a town, a county, a prefecture, a province, a country, a continent, a planet, a galaxy, a dimension, and a universe.

And now, in this' Hard and Soft Universe ', all the destiny was faintly gathering in the body of this person called Wang Dong. This attracted Gu Chensha's attention. Hum …

Gu Chensha looked at Wang Dong. He was still secretly swearing to find the mastermind. A large amount of destiny gathered and suddenly underwent a transformation.