Chapter 139
===========

"If the world falls into chaos, will the three of you be able to stabilize the situation?" Celestial Talisman Emperor asked.

"This subject has the heart, but my cultivation is too shallow. Not to mention stopping the immortals, demons, demons, and barbarians from taking revenge on the court, I can't even deal with a single elite immortal dao disciple."

Lou Baiyue spoke the truth: "This subject's eyes are at the top of my head, but Your Majesty's gathering of immortal dao disciples made this subject realize that there is always someone better out there. This subject can't deal with any one of them. "

When Gu Chensha heard this, he knew that Lou Baiyue's strength was limited even though she was strong.

She had only stepped into the dao realm a few months earlier than him, and although she had many secret arts, they were still limited.

"Strength doesn't matter, as long as you have the heart."

Celestial Talisman Emperor said: "The three of you have the heart for the people, which is why I summoned you alone. I believe you've heard the rumors that the day I move the capital, there will be a sacrifice to the heavens. There might be a phenomenon, so it's good for you to be prepared." "As expected." Gu Chensha's heart stirred.

"I conquered the hundred kingdoms, conquered the world, and built a new capital in the Desolate Wilderness. The world's population has multiplied in the past fifteen years, and the lifespan and strength of the people have also increased. Other than that, I've also started to integrate the immortal dao into the court system. The immortal dao sects are now part of the Great Yongchō Court, obeying the laws of the court. Even the most prosperous Heavenly Sons of ancient times couldn't compare to this.

During such a grand era, the karmic luck is sufficient to affect the Heavenly Dao and cause it to undergo a change. "

Celestial Talisman Emperor spoke calmly: "I summoned the three of you today to let you be mentally prepared. Since you've accepted the matter of the immortal dao, you have to bear the karma. There will be tribulations during the sacrifice, and there will be more difficulties in the future. Do you regret it?" "Your son does not regret it." "Your son does not regret it." The three quickly answered.

"Very good."

Celestial Talisman Emperor was very satisfied: "The greater the difficulties, the greater the achievements. There is a deep reason why the immortal dao has never been integrated into the court. This is also the law of heaven and earth. By forcing them into the court, I've already broken the balance of the Heavenly Daos." The three of them listened quietly. They didn't understand this level at all.

However, Gu Chensha was very clear about the Son of Heaven's Aura. When a country was at its peak and had a large population, the people were strong and intelligent, and all of them constantly strived to improve themselves. The Son of Heaven's Aura was very strong. However, there was a limit to this. If one was too strong, there would be a tribulation.

For example, the Emperor's subordinates would like the Emperor if they could make contributions, but if their contributions were too great, their contributions would be too great to shock the Emperor, and they would inevitably end up in a miserable state. The Emperor was a subject of the High Heavens, so it was the same.

Originally, the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor had already built the Great Yongchō to its pinnacle. That was still fine, but this time around, he actually wanted to integrate the entire immortal dao into the imperial court. This was already breaking through the limits of the Heavenly Dao.

"Has the Emperor already incorporated the Devil Path into the system of the imperial court?"

Lou Baiyue suddenly asked, "I didn't expect Eunuch Gao Ling and Eunuch Wang to be the sect masters of the Six Paths Demon Sect and the Constant Sorrow Demon Sect. What if their demonic nature breaks out and it's hard to suppress them?" "This Emperor is well aware of this."

The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor didn't mince his words. "The people from the Heavenly Designer Institute are mostly from the Devil Path. If it weren't for them, the world wouldn't have developed as it is today. The two Hall Masters of the Heavenly Designer Institute, Ghost Axe and Godcraft, are the supreme ancestors of the Yama Sect and Original Sin Sect. They were persuaded by this Emperor to join me." "Yama Sect, Original Sin Sect?"

Gu Chensha had read about these two sects in ancient books before. These two sects were the origin of the Devil Path, the source of all evil.

"You guys can just listen to this matter."

The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor pondered for a moment before continuing, "This Emperor wants you guys to integrate the Immortal Dao into the imperial court. Given your current strength, it's indeed very difficult. This Emperor can't directly raise your cultivation, but I can give you guys some opportunities. Speak, what do you want the most now?"

"Imperial Father is testing us, to see if the things we need are truly beneficial to our cultivation. At the same time, he wants to see what path we choose to walk."

Gu Chensha thought to himself. He immediately said, "Father, I have always hoped to read all the books in the world and learn all the knowledge in the world. If I can enter the royal library to study again and read all the books, I will have no regrets in my life." "There's no need for that."

The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor waved his hand and a thin book made of light landed in Gu Chensha's hands. "This book contains all the books in the royal library. When you return, drip a drop of blood on it and you will be able to read it." "Many thanks, Imperial Father."

Gu Chensha hurriedly knelt down to express his gratitude. He didn't think that a thin book could contain all the books in the royal library. He couldn't wait to open it and read it. He had always loved to read, and it was normal for him to have a book in his hands.

When he was young, because he didn't have the resources to practice martial arts, he could only study diligently. This became a habit.

In the past few days, he had collected all sorts of books, including history, literature, poetry, agriculture, martial arts, astronomy, geography, astrology, etc. But how could his collection be compared to the royal library?

"What about the two of you?" The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor asked Lou Baiyue and Gu Huasha.

"His Majesty has already imparted enough knowledge to me. I haven't mastered it yet, so I don't need to be greedy." Lou Baiyue thought for a moment before replying.

"That's right." The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor looked at Gu Huasha.

"Your son is at a critical juncture in comprehending my own profound arts. I also wish to rely on my own strength." Gu Huasha indicated that he didn't need it.

"It seems like the three of you know what path to take in the future." The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor was slightly satisfied. "Since that's the case, you can take your leave." The three of them hurriedly retreated, walking for an hour before leaving the palace.

"Don't you have something to discuss with me?" Lou Baiyue stopped and looked at Gu Chensha.

"It's not convenient to speak here."

Gu Chensha turned to Gu Huasha and said, "Fourth Brother, let's discuss it together. I want to talk about what we should do if something happens to Imperial Father. Earlier, Imperial Father looked for us to discuss this matter." "Let's go to my residence first." Lou Baiyue waved her hands. The three of them entered Lou Baiyue's residence on the other side of the street.

This was a big courtyard she had recently built. It was dozens of acres in size. Although it wasn't big, it had many layers. It was a bit deep and serene. The Fengshui formation was used to gather Spiritual Qi, and many warriors were raised in the mansion.

The three of them sat down in the study room. Gu Chensha was the first to speak, "We have to think of a surefire plan." "There's no other way."

Although Gu Huasha was a genius, he was also at his wit's end. "Right now, the world is like riding on a tiger. Only Imperial Father can suppress it. If Imperial Father disappears, even an ancient god wouldn't be able to control the situation." "The most important thing now is for the three of us to stick together."

Lou Baiyue frowned. Although she was ambitious, she knew that she was nothing but an ant in front of the big picture. "Even if His Majesty summons the three of us alone, it would be the same." "That's right. There's no need for us to work together."

Gu Chensha took out two golden bottles. "These are the Seven Sages Heart Refinement Pills I obtained from the Demonic Ape Temple of Confusion. I'll give them to Fourth Brother and you, Baiyue. It'll help you improve your cultivation." "If that's the case, I won't stand on ceremony."

Lou Baiyue and Gu Huasha looked at each other. They could feel Gu Chensha's sincerity. They took the Seven Sages Heart Refinement Pills. Lou Baiyue opened the bottle and swallowed the pill. A golden light flashed, and black and white yin and yang chaotic colors appeared in her eyes.

"Not bad. The Daoist Rhyme of the ancient humans' Seven Sages is not to be underestimated. I've comprehended many truths that I've never comprehended before."

She clenched her hand, and hundreds of explosions sounded in her body. Innate Vigor Qi surged out from the meridians in her palm. In the blink of an eye, a hole appeared in the wall. It silently melted.

The Xiantian Vigor Qi pierced through the wall without being damaged at all. It reached the fake mountain in the courtyard and pierced through it. Then, it hit the other wall and disappeared.

"Xiantian Vigor Qi." Gu Huasha was shocked. "It's actually so strong. Is this father's Great Massacre God Technique?" "Not bad."

Lou Baiyue nodded her head. "I haven't been able to break through this stage. The Spiritual Energy in my body has gathered, but I'm unable to condense it and spew it out. However, when I listened to the Seven Sages Dao Rhyme, I comprehended it."

Gu Chensha was astonished by what he saw. He knew the power of the Innate Gang Qi. The walls of this house were made of steel and stone mud. They were abnormally sturdy. Although the Innate Gang Qi could blast them open, it would consume a lot of energy.

Furthermore, when the Xiantian astral energy was shot out, it was explosive and would directly blow up the wall. But Lou Baiyue's Xiantian astral energy melted the wall. This kind of cohesiveness had reached an unimaginable level. With such strength, even Dao Realm Transformation Seven or Eight Sages wouldn't be her match.

Moreover, that was just a casual strike and she only used 30-40% of her strength. If she went all out, who knew how strong she would be?

"Baiyue, how many strikes can you use Xiantian Vigor Qi at full strength?" Gu Huasha asked. This was the key point.

People who had just entered Dao Realm Transformation Six could at most strike a few times with earth energy, but not more than 10.

As for those innate geniuses with powerful meridians, they could unleash dozens, or even hundreds of strikes.

"Endless." Lou Baiyue took in a deep breath and said four words.

"Impossible!" Gu Chensha and Gu Huasha said.

Gu Huasha shook his head. "A person's acupoints and dantian have limited storage. Even a Natural Saint can't use Xiantian Vigor Qi endlessly.

Based on what I know, Fa Wuxian is a Natural Saint and he can only hit 1,000 at Dao Realm Transformation Six. " "What does Fa Wuxian count for?"

Lou Baiyue laughed coldly. "He is worlds apart from the Emperor. The Emperor's Great Massacre God Technique is invincible and even gods can't understand how exquisite it is. Since ancient times, there has been no lack of Saints but there has only been one Emperor. "

Gu Huasha thought about it and agreed. Heaven Talisman Emperor was the strongest expert in history, so how could the techniques he created be something that any Saint or God Spirit could compare to? But he still couldn't understand how endless Xiantian Vigor Qi was.