Chapter 1088
============

Chapter 28 Planet Azure

"Who are you?"

At this point, Wei Jia was already able to look within himself. He could see that a medicinal pill was glowing in the depths of his dantian, and that the sound was coming from it.

"I'm the Emperor Of Heaven Pill."

The Heavenly Emperor Dan released a voice: "Brat, are you convinced, you actually let me possess your body, I am an existence refined by a terrifying existence, that terrifying existence is truly too terrifying, he tortured me countless times, I must take revenge!

Kid, you have a lot of destiny. I can help you get your revenge. Your universe is about to change, and it'll be the perfect time for you to rise. " "Emperor Of Heaven Pill? What kind of entity are you? I don't understand. "Wei Jia was still confused.

"Kid, I will impart some of the details to you." As it spoke, the Heavenly Emperor Pill transmitted some information into Wei Jia's mind. It took Wei Jia a few hours to process the information.

"You're saying that your true form is the Emperor Of Heaven, but the Emperor Of Heaven was killed by an even stronger entity?

That entity refined the Emperor Of Heaven into a medicinal pill, and the pill developed its own consciousness. That's you? Our universe has already been swallowed up by an even larger universe, the Nine Profound Cosmos? The Nine Mysterious Cosmos' ruler is going to change our universe?

My god, the world is so vast. Our Planet Azure hasn't even walked out of this small solar system, let alone the vast universe and countless galaxies. I didn't expect that there would be such a vast multiverse outside of our universe. And the Supreme Celestial Thearch is the highest existence in the multiverse? "Wei Jia cleared his thoughts.

"That's right. Planet Azure is just a speck of dust in the universe. Of course, this planet is quite interesting. It's not as simple as it looks. There are some powerful ancient ruins hidden on the planet. There are also mutants, dark creatures, werewolves, vampires, zombies, ghosts, spirits, etc. Interesting, interesting. This small planet seems to be one of the most important nodes in the universe."

The Emperor Of Heaven Pill said, "Under my control, you can secretly refine this Planet Azure and control this universe. Maybe even the Nine Mysterious Cosmos will be under your control." "So powerful?

But what I want the most right now is to find Zhang Tianhao and take revenge! "Wei Jia said," What is the state of my body right now? Also, how should I address you? " "You can call me Grandpa."

The Emperor Of Heaven Pill said, "You're only at the third transformation of the Dao Realm. You have copper skin and iron bones, but that's already very impressive on Planet Azure. But if you want to cultivate quickly, you'll need a cultivation technique. You'll need to cultivate hard and comprehend the mysteries. " "Cultivation technique? I've read many books, and they talk about many godly techniques. Are they all real? "

Wei Jia was just a university student in the city. He liked to play games and read novels. He had seen many people obtain some sort of cheat and become the strongest existence. He didn't expect that he would have such a fortuitous encounter.

"Could it be that I'm the main character?" Wei Jia felt pleased with himself.

"This young man isn't determined yet. Looks like he needs more training."

The Heavenly Empyrean Pill thought to itself, 'But with my help, using my medicinal energy to fuse with him, his cultivation will soon reach the pinnacle of the Heavenly Dao. But whether or not he can break through to the Supreme Immortal Realm will depend on fate. "

Immediately, Celestial Emperor Dan said, "Wei Jia, the cultivation technique I'm going to impart to you is called the Supreme Perfection Great Dao Transformation. This cultivation technique was painstakingly deduced by the Supreme Celestial Thearch."

As he spoke, another stream of will entered Wei Jia's sea of wisdom. Immediately, Wei Jia began cultivating.

"Wei Jia, with your current strength, you can take revenge. That Zhang Tianhao is just a second-generation rich kid. Although his family's business is big, it's nothing. But if you kill him, you'll be chased by the government. The government is extremely powerful. I've already seen the hidden power of this planet. Of course, it's extremely powerful to you. To me, it's like a chicken or a stray dog. But I can't expose myself. If I do, I'll be discovered by Zhou Yang of the Nine Mysterious Universe. He'll definitely devour me." "Since that's the case, grandpa, I'll cultivate first. After I become strong, I will defeat the enemy. "Wei Jia said. While speaking, his strength rose step by step. Each breath he took would raise a realm.

"Interesting. Very interesting."

Gu Chensha naturally noticed the existence of Wei Jia. The Emperor Of Heaven Pill had his own consciousness, which was something he had created. Furthermore, the Emperor Of Heaven Pill had combined the Emperor Of Heaven's instincts. He hated and feared Gu Chensha, but he didn't. That way, his fate would be more diverse.

"Wei Jia's cultivation base will skyrocket, and his destiny will increase. He and Zhou Yang will fight for control of the Nine Profound Cosmos.

Zhou Yang won't even notice him. By the time he does, he'll already be a powerhouse. "Gu Chensha looked at Zhou Yang with interest.

"Oh? Zhou Yang is reforming the universe. "

In the center of the Nine Profound Cosmos, in the imperial palace, Zhou Yang was gathering his officials. His main body was cultivating and gathering Supreme Immortal energy, but his clone was more than enough to manage the situation.

The Nine Profound Cosmos was a super-universe he had ascended to. It was different from the Arcana Universe, the mother nest universe, the Primordial Cosmos, and the Martial Cosmos. He had absolute control over the Nine Profound Cosmos.

As for the other four super-giant universes, they were not created by anyone but formed naturally. Therefore, no one had the ultimate control over them.

In the imperial palace, Zhou Yang's clone looked at his officials. After killing his father, Zhou Yuhao, he had gained absolute authority. No one could stop him anymore.

"Your Majesty, reform is imperative."

At this time, one of his subordinates reported. He was at the peak of the Heavenly Dao Realm, and was a peerless genius.

"Cui Miaoyan, tell me, how should we reform the Nine Profound Cosmos?" Zhou Yang asked.

"Your Majesty, the Nine Profound Cosmos has devoured dozens of other major universes, and it's starting to evolve. However, it hasn't reached its final form yet, and there are still some areas that are in chaos. When the universes merge, destiny will collide with each other, and laws will fluctuate. I'm afraid that some ambitious and ruthless people will rise up and cause trouble for the imperial court. We have to be on guard, and we need to send an army to take charge of the various areas. At the same time, we need to divide the administrative structure so that everyone knows that you are the emperor of the entire cosmos."

This official named Cui Miaoyan was very young, and his every move was filled with a mysterious aura. He was personally promoted by Zhou Yang, and he had immense destiny.

"Continue." Zhou Yang nodded.

"Yes!"

Cui Miaoyan said, "This official has already followed Your Majesty's orders and come up with a detailed plan. The first step is to change the name of the Nine Profound Cosmos. Since Your Majesty is destroying the old and creating a new, you are the creator of the new universe. If the current universe is still called the Nine Profound Cosmos, it won't be in line with Your Majesty's merits. This official suggests that Your Majesty change the name to the Zhou Yang Cosmos." "Zhou Yang Cosmos?"

Zhou Yang waved his hand. "Changing the name of the cosmos is a must, but changing it to my name isn't very good. How about this, I'll give the order to change the name to the Central Plains Cosmos.

The so-called 'Central Plains' refers to the center of the countless space-time continuities in the world. As for the origin, it is the source of everything. That is the Central Plains. "

"Your Majesty is wise. The name 'Central Plains' can be used to conquer the cosmos and subdue the heavens and earth."

The expressions of many officials changed. That was because when Zhou Yang changed the name of the universe and said the words' Central Plains', the boundless, invincible qi of the entire world gathered on his body. Moreover, the center of the entire multiverse seemed to be gathering towards this universe. This was the power of a name. As the saying goes, if the name wasn't proper, the words wouldn't fit.

In Cui Miaoyan's heart, disappointment flashed. 'If Zhou Yang had used his own name to name the cosmos, his destiny would have been weakened. His fate would have been tied to the fate of the cosmos, and it would have been very difficult to break free. In the future, if the cosmos was destroyed, he would suffer as well.

But now, he actually named it the Central Plains Cosmos. Not only did he break free from his shackles, but he also obtained invincible destiny. This is too terrifying. Seems like it won't be easy to deal with this person. ' This Cui Miaoyan was actually Zhou Yang's enemy. However, Zhou Yang didn't know that. In fact, this Cui Miaoyan was also one of the candidates for the main character. RUMBLE!

Within Zhou Yang's main body, there seemed to be a lot more undying energy. His cultivation speed was even faster.

"Listen to my orders."

At this moment, his clone in the imperial court said, "The entire Central Plains Cosmos will be divided into administrative regions. The smallest unit will be the family, followed by the village, followed by the village, followed by the township, followed by the county, prefecture, province, country, continent, planet, galaxy, dimension, universe.

The cultivation levels will also be divided according to this. I'll write down the details in the law. Distribute it everywhere. At the same time, send my puppet army to occupy every place and carry out the reform. " "Yes!" Everyone watched as runes condensed on Zhou Yang's body. These runes then formed into a law.

"What? Even the cultivation levels are being divided? It's actually the same as the region?

In the future, we will have to call those people family level cultivation, village level cultivation, village level cultivation? Or a Dimension level, or a Universe level? "

Some officials felt that Zhou Yang's method of dividing cultivation levels was laughable. It was even tacky. However, Cui Miaoyan's heart shook. "This Zhou Yang is linking all cultivators' destiny to the Central Plains Cosmos!"