Chapter 532
===========

The Celestial Talisman Emperor had already completed some sort of setup for the Divine Continent. Xing Qiong's Divine Continent Grand Art's 100th stage was no small matter. He wanted to merge himself with the Divine Continent.

The moment he activated this art, he could absorb the power of the Divine Continent, shattering the heavens and tearing apart the ages.

However, this would inevitably cause the entire Divine Continent to tremble and cause tsunami-like changes. The people of the Divine Continent would naturally suffer.

The power left behind by the Celestial Talisman Emperor naturally wouldn't allow such a thing to happen.

With just a slight tremor, he could cut off the connection between Xing Qiong and the Divine Continent. There was no way he could cause chaos in the Divine Continent and destroy the human world.

"This is my chance!"

At this moment, Gu Chensha knew that his chance had come. When Xing Qiong used the 100th stage of the Divine Continent Grand Art, the Martial Saint's Paradise was on the verge of collapsing. The world's power became chaotic again. Gu Chensha's chance to absorb it immediately came.

His body turned into a huge black hole. In this chaos, he wantonly stole. The Martial Saint's Paradise's 7,000 to 8,000 years of accumulation was lost.

"That treasure vault broke away from the Paradise's crystal wall."

Gu Chensha saw that the treasure vault containing many treasures and pills had broken away from the Paradise's crystal wall after Xing Qiong's attack. It seemed like it was about to escape into the space-time turbulence. How could he let such a thing happen? He stealthily turned and hooked the treasure vault over, sending it into the depths of the sphere.

The enormous treasury itself was also a small heavenly passage, equivalent to a microscopic world of dust. There were large amounts of medicinal pills, magical treasures, and all sorts of things stored within. In fact, one could even see the remains of fallen deities in the ancient dust sands. However, he couldn't be bothered to deal with it now.

He sent it directly into the sphere for the Wish Tree to absorb, and the information would be sent back.

While Zhuge Ya was training, he saw that the tiny world of dust in the huge treasure vault was sent into the sphere. The Tree of Wishes had already been wrapped up and kept squirming as it absorbed the tiny world, as well as the pills and treasures within.

At this moment, the absorption ability of the Tree of Wishes increased tremendously. With just a slight movement, the tiny world was sucked dry. The rare Magic Treasures, pills, and materials were all absorbed. Even a few Martial Sage Talismans were sucked dry.

Basically, the Tranquil Immortal Department did not need any other Dharma treasures or pills. After the Tree of Wishes absorbed them, it could refine them into higher and purer pills, unless it was something like the Heaven-Defying Mutated Pill.

As for the subordinates of the Calm Immortal Department, they only needed the Mortal Dragon Pill, the Mortal Dragon Armor, and the Mortal Dragon Sword. They didn't need anything else, as it would only be a waste of energy.

"In this treasure vault, there are actually some skeletons left behind by the Wu Clan's God rank experts …" Zhuge Ya also saw some huge skeletons in the treasure vault. These skeletons were emitting God Might.

After the Tree of Desire absorbed the entire treasury, the tree flickered and gave back a huge amount of energy, causing the entire sphere to squirm even more perfectly.

On the other hand, the God of Wishes on the Tree of Wishes displayed even more thinking abilities. Massive calculations, emotionless analysis, and absolute rationality drove the entire sphere to change.

"The Common People's Wish sphere has evolved into a Minor Thousand World. The God of Wishes is now in charge. You can say that this god is not a living being. It's just a treasure with powerful calculation and analysis abilities. It doesn't have its own thoughts and will." This was exactly what Zhuge Ya wanted.

Originally, the Ancient Heavenly Sons and the Lord of Seven Stars believed that the governance of the entire world had to be like the Heavenly Dao. The ruler had no selfishness, no emotions, and would act purely according to the rules.

Therefore, the wisdom of many Ancient Heavenly Sons gathered together and imitated the Heavenly Demon Tree. They imagined the Tree of Wishes, which gave birth to the God of Wishes. This god had no selfishness and would never rest while dealing with the world's affairs. In the end, the God of Wishes was used to govern the world. However, this wish did not come true. In fact, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor also believed that officials had to be selfless.

The Martial Saint's Paradise's treasury was filled with all sorts of treasures, medicinal ingredients, and god corpses. These materials had all been carefully selected and prepared for the Martial Saint's Paradise's evolution. Now, it all fell into the hands of the Celestial Tranquility Department.

Zhuge Ya could almost guess that after the Martial Saint's Paradise was stabilized, the Wu Clan would most likely want to cry, but no tears would come. The Wu Clan would truly be penniless, and no one would even know who had stolen it.

Of course, the Wu Clan had been plotting to overthrow the imperial court for a long time. It was only natural to teach them a lesson. An enormous amount of world energy poured into the sphere.

The Common People's Wish sphere began to evolve. All of a sudden, like an egg exploding, the space within the sphere expanded without limit. Layers of cracks appeared, and all sorts of crystal walls became like porridge, turning into viscous liquid.

The sphere revolved within the chaotic flow of space-time. Any space-time storms that came into contact with the sphere were forcibly absorbed, turning into spatial goo. This was the power of a Minor Thousand World.

Furthermore, because the Common People's Wish sphere had long since accumulated an enormous amount of power, it was practically a combination of many Minor Thousand Worlds. Now that it had accumulated so much, it finally transformed.

"The Minor Thousand World is finally formed."

Zhuge Ya only saw the instant the entire sphere transformed into a Minor Thousand World, countless heavenly flowers fell down. The benefits of the birth of the world were also bestowed upon him. As the creator of the world, he naturally received the greatest benefits. This was equivalent to a certain subject who had finally supported the emperor to ascend to the throne. Naturally, he would receive rewards. The heavyweights of the Calming Immortal Department all sensed the changes in the sphere.

Lou Baiyue, Gu Huasha, and even Jin Suibo, Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise had all received great benefits.

This was something that even the Divine Capital would find hard to accomplish. Yet, the various figures of the Calming Immortal Department had accomplished it just like that.

"Power, I can feel power."

Within Gu Chensha's body, because the Minor Thousand World had been upgraded, many wills and images were transmitted over. The obstruction of the secrets of space-time had been completely broken.

"Kacha!"

His magic power had finally reached the stage of Past Reflection, breaking through to the realm of 23 Transformations.

The creation of a Minor Thousand World required the establishment of several factions in the Divine Capital, working tirelessly for thousands of years. Only then would there be a chance of success. But it was only a chance. From this, it could be seen how much energy was needed to upgrade this world.

Once it succeeded, the benefits would be immense. The Divine Capital would be able to ascend as a result.

As the creator of the Common People's Wish sphere, Gu Chensha had risen to become a minor chiliocosm. With his powerful strength, he had seen through the mysteries of space and time, comprehending it thoroughly. He had reached the twenty-third transformation, finally breaking through the most important bottleneck that he had been unable to break through for a long time.

Countless pieces of information surged into his mind. The transformations of Gu Chensha's magic power were even more exquisite. It was almost as if he had fused with the Heavenly Dao of space-time, truly unfathomable. At this moment, it would be extremely difficult for others to harm him.

Now that he had advanced to this realm, his combat prowess had increased by several times. His magic power was especially vigorous, allowing him to activate the All Forms Shattering Stick to break through the spatial seal. Some spatial spells wouldn't be able to trap him.

Moreover, his magic power had seeped into the stick and he could feel that some of the structure in the depths of the stick was damaged. He could then use the Heavenly Dao to slowly repair it.

"Good heavens, my Calming Immortal Department's Common People's Wish sphere has advanced to a Minor Thousand World. Its ability to absorb and release isn't something that the essence of the Minor Thousand World can compare to. Suck the Martial Saint's Paradise dry!"

Gu Chensha knew that it wasn't that the Minor Thousand World didn't need the power of the world. Rather, it craved it even more.

One thousand Minor Thousand Worlds were equivalent to a Minor Thousand World, and one thousand Minor Thousand Worlds were equivalent to a Minor Thousand World.

If Gu Chensha wanted to turn the Common People's Wish sphere into a Minor Thousand World and advance again, the amount of power he would need wouldn't be as easy as before. At the very least, he would need to cultivate to the Divine Rank to be able to do this.

At this moment, he once again opened the power of the Common People's Wish sphere and absorbed the power of the world. Sure enough, the power he absorbed was a thousand times greater than before! Rumble!

The enormous power of the world was sucked into the Common People's Wish sphere as if it had teleported. Such a large amount of power finally attracted the Martial Saint's attention.

"Who is it! Someone is stealing the power of the Martial Saint's Paradise! "

The Martial Saint's enormous will swept over. He could finally free his will to suppress the collapsing Minor Thousand World. Gu Chensha suddenly disappeared, evading the Martial Saint's will.

Right at this moment, the Xing Qiong Clan's Divine Land Innumerable Ominous Armor suddenly shuddered and counterattacked again.

"Sacrifice!" At this time, Wu Dangkong performed the sacrifice.

A vast amount of power pierced through the air, and the entire Martial Saint's Paradise shone brightly! The Martial Saint's body expanded by a thousand times.

Gu Chensha also felt that half of the tremendous power that broke through the air was shared with him.

He himself couldn't bear it anymore. With a thought, he entered the sphere and became one with the Tree of Hope. The enormous power poured into the Tree of Hope, and the sphere expanded again.

"Very good, very good."

Gu Chensha was very satisfied. "My plan is complete. This time, I took all the treasures in the Martial Saint's Paradise, stole at least a third of the world's power, and let the nine Wu Clan's godlike old geezers kill demons in the Demon Realm for a month. Wu Dangkong came to sacrifice, and half of the power was transferred to me and transferred to the Tree of Hope. Such a huge harvest was a huge profit!

Next, it was time to see how the battle between the Martial Sage and Xing Qiongshi would go. Initially, Xing Qiongshi could use the Hundred Divine Grand Arts to break through the Martial Sage's estate-world. However, when he tried to do so, the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor's trap prevented him from doing so. His sharpness was greatly reduced and he also had the intention to retreat.

This way, the Martial Saint would be able to rebuild the old mountains and rivers. But even if it was done, the Wu Clan's Martial Saint Paradise would be extremely weak. All the accumulated treasures had vanished, and a third of the world's power had been lost. Furthermore, Wu Dangkong and the Martial Emperor were all scheming against each other.

The Martial Saint himself soon couldn't resist the call of the Heavenly Dao and was about to disappear.