Chapter 71
==========

Originally, he looked down on the Lou Clan, but when he saw Lou Baiyue use the Great Massacre God Technique, his thoughts were completely extinguished. What replaced it was extreme caution and extreme caution.

"Let's talk about the tiger-wolf pills."

Lou Baiyue knew when to stop. It was enough to intimidate the Third Prince. After all, the Third Prince was also a famous Prince. Not to mention his high status and power, he had the support of many people in the imperial court. It would not be a good thing to make things too awkward. "I only got two Tiger-Wolf Elixirs from the Nineteenth Prince, but I guess he still has a lot of them. What can you take out to exchange?"

"Baiyue, find out what Nineteenth Brother needs," Gufasha pushed the problem back to Lou Baiyue, "As the middleman, you can definitely earn a lot." "In that case, I'll ask for you." Lou Baiyue wouldn't miss out on something she could get. In the south of the county, the Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha was furious.

"Damn you, Nineteenth Brother. I didn't expect you to suppress me after I reached the Dao Realm." Gu Zhensha punched fiercely, cracking the huge stone wall.

"Tenth Lord, please calm down."

A general wearing War Python Armor walked over, "You must control your fist of anger. Otherwise, if it attacks your heart, you'll be in big trouble." Gu Zhensha calmed down instantly.

He seemed to have changed into a different person. His aura was heavy and relaxed, and his anger disappeared without a trace.

"Lei Gang, you're right. I've been unable to control the fist of anger from the Ancestral Shaman Scripture. This fist is activated by anger, and its power increases endlessly. Its power is great, but it's hard to control."

Gu Zhensha said, "But this fist is combined with my Thunder Dragon Force. It's fierce, explosive, and indestructible. After mastering it, my anger will burn the sky. Even the gods and immortals can't block my anger.

The so-called anger is the anger above and the heart below. It enslaves one's heart and the hearts of all living beings. It's extremely mysterious. As expected of an ancient fist. "

"I've sent people to keep an eye on the Nineteenth Prince, but our priority is to get the Horned Dragon Armor before we go to the Wilderness.

Otherwise, the War Python Armor can block swords and spears, but it can't block the miasma and poisonous insects. "

Lei Gang shook his armor. It was also fully equipped, but there were many gaps that water and fire could seep through.

"I am also troubled by this matter.

I've already heard that the Heavenly Designer Institute is indeed speeding up the work, but it will still take some time. Lou Baiyue doesn't have any extra. "

Gu Zhensha walked in circles. "Although the Lei Family has the Heavenly Thunder Armor, which is more effective than the Horned Dragon Armor, they have only managed to create three of them after so many years. It is impossible to mass produce Dharma treasures."

"There's no need to think about the Heavenly Thunder Armor, those old fellows from the Lei Clan will not give it up. This time, when Lord Ten asked for the Thunder Dragon Rod, the old fellows over there were already furious, saying that in the future, Lord Ten can only repay the clan and not ask for anything from the clan."

Lei Gang was obviously his confidant. "Actually, Mr. Feng's cultivation level is very high, and he has many strange tricks up his sleeves. He was born in the Dao of Witchcraft, and has hidden himself in the depths of the mountains, similar to the Wildlands. He should have a way, but it's obvious that he's raising Lord Tenth like a Gu. He's grooming disciples everywhere, and then killing them to become the Gu King."

"It's definitely not a good thing for that guy to teach me the Ancestral Witchcraft Scripture, but I'm happy to play along and learn the strongest ancient Dao. Unfortunately, it's not complete, and he only taught me the Angry Fist." Gu Zhensha shook his head. "Sooner or later, I'll get the entire Ancestral Witchcraft Scripture. Oh right, has the person I asked you to recruit arrived? " "She's already arrived at the capital."

Lei Gang hurriedly said, "The princess of Baoyu Nation has already arrived at the capital in disguise, and is currently living in Lord Tenth's mansion. The king of Baoyu Nation wants her to marry Lord Tenth, and then join forces with him. To fight against him. " "Is that so?"

Gu Zhensha rubbed his palms. "Baoyu Nation is overseas, and it's famous for its jade production. Boss guards the overseas and attacks various countries, and has long coveted Baoyu Nation. Unfortunately, Baoyu Nation is too far away, and there's Dragon Sword Island and Ocean Roc Island in between.

But boss is also very powerful, and actually attacked Dragon Sword Island half a year ago. It seems that Baoyu Nation is also anxious. "

"That's right. However, this princess of Baoyu Nation is not to be underestimated, and she's extremely powerful. She's here to see if Lord Tenth has the aura of a hegemon, and she'll be here in a few days."

Lei Gang knelt on one knee. "Congratulations, Lord Tenth. In the future, you might be able to take over the entire Baoyu Nation. This nation's territory is huge, and it's about 30% the size of Xian Province. Its population is also tens of millions, and jade mines are everywhere on the island. Every household uses jade, and there's even spiritual jade, which contains spiritual energy.

If an ordinary person holds it in their mouth, they'll be cleansed. I heard that Baoyu Nation also has Soft Jade Armor, and its effects are not inferior to the Horned Dragon Armor. " "I know, it's a must to form a marriage alliance with Baoyu Nation."

Gu Zhensha suddenly thought of something. "After Dragon Sword Island was breached, the Old Island Lord died in battle, and the Young Island Lord, Long Yuyun, had long moved away with her direct descendants and a large amount of treasures.

Now, Lord Nineteenth's mansion is filled with Dragon Sword Island's kamikaze warriors, and it's hard to get in.

If it was before, I would have all kinds of ways to make him bear the crime of keeping kamikaze warriors and conspiring against the law. However, he's been conferred the title of Emperor Father, and he has the authority to open a mansion, build a branch, and run errands. Now that he's made great contributions, even the Marquis of Jushi is in contact with him, and Lou Baiyue seems to be improving their relationship. It'll be very difficult to deal a substantial blow to him. " "Under such circumstances, it's not good for Lord Tenth to stand out.

The Emperor's current national policy is to exterminate the barbarians, and His Highness Nineteenth is the first to show off. In order to set an example, the Emperor won't allow others to touch him. Didn't you see that Lord Seventh is in control of the central government, and he won't dare to act rashly?

However, I feel that Lord Tenth will not let this matter rest. What Lord Tenth wants is Long Yuyun, so it's normal for Lord Tenth to bide his time and provoke Lord Tenth to make trouble first. "Lei Gang was obviously the advisor's trusted aide.

"You're right. Come, I'll write a letter to Big Brother, saying that Long Yuyun has already pledged herself to Lord Nineteenth. With her help, Lord Nineteenth killed the four great devils and the barbarian Marshals, and has the potential to rise. Big Brother will definitely not tolerate this." Gu Zhensha ordered, "Bring me a pen and paper." After a while, a sparrowhawk soared into the sky.

In the west, Gu Chensha was practicing his martial arts, but Yi Ming had disappeared. He only returned at night, "Master, that Tenth Prince wants to harm you. He wrote a letter to Eldest Prince, saying that Long Yuyun is helping you to achieve your goals."

"I guessed that he would do that, but Tenth Brother reacted a little late. Actually, Big Brother's intel is everywhere, and he probably knew that Long Yuyun was helping me." Gu Chensha didn't care about all this, "Tenth, Third, how is Lou Baiyue's cultivation?"

"Tenth Prince is at the second transformation of Dao Realm. He cultivates the ancient and mysterious Rage Fist. This fist has been lost for a long time, and no one knows where he learned it from. It is really strong.

As for Third Prince, he is at the fifth transformation of Dao Realm. He cultivates the Unmovable Venerable Ming Technique and needs to use the Xiantian Million Transformation Diagram.

Lou Baiyue seems to be cultivating the Great Massacre God Technique and is at the second transformation of Dao Realm. However, she seems like she is about to break through to the third transformation. " Yi Ming's cultivation was really high, and as a spy, he was able to find out a lot of news.

"Great Massacre God Technique."

When Gu Chensha heard this news, he was no less shocked than Third Prince, "Father actually passed this technique to her? Why?

Tenth Brother just advanced to Dao Realm not long ago, but he actually improved so quickly. In just a month, he reached the second transformation? "

"After stepping into Dao Realm, the first transformation is just accumulating spiritual energy. Normally, one would need a few years to step into the second transformation. If we have pills, we can save a lot of hard work.

The hardest part is from Mortal Realm to Dao Realm. You have to comprehend it yourself and you can't use other methods, otherwise, it will be tough for you to improve in the future. "

Yi Ming warned, "There are some areas where you can use external strength, but you definitely can't use the key points." "I know that."

Gu Chensha had long understood this. "If I don't rely on external forces during cultivation, I will fall into the Devil's Path. I will have an arrogant heart. However, if I rely on external forces, I will become dependent. I have to control this well."

"But apart from Liu Yu and the other four, Master's subordinates are a little weak. They are all commoners and haven't been through strict training since young. It is tough for them to become elites." Yi Ming looked at the 243 people and shook his head.

"Even the Tiger Wolf Pill can't do it?"

"The Tiger-Wolf Pill is fine, but there are some things that have to be tempered from a young age and develop a certain cultivation habit in the soul. The Tiger-Wolf Pill gives them strength, but it also gives them a tough character. However, cultivation habits cannot be developed overnight.

"There is no other way."

Gu Chensha thought about himself, "I haven't been through strict training since young. This might be the reason why I can't break through to Dao Realm." "Master is fine. Maybe he is a genius and I can't see some bad habits in cultivation."

Yi Ming said, "What I want to tell Master is that when we attack the barbarian race, we have to get the blueprint of the Dragon Transformation Tower." "Dragon Transformation Tower? Isn't that an ancient legend?

There was once an emperor who wanted to make everyone a dragon. He gathered countless craftsmen and geniuses to research and create a tower. As long as one cultivated in it, one would have the quality of a dragon. But it didn't work. "Gu Chensha said," Why does the barbarian race have it too? "

"One of our barbarian emperors unearthed the blueprint and is developing it. As long as it can be built and built everywhere, our barbarian race will be able to break free from the control of evil gods and become independent."

Yi Ming said, "If Master can get the blueprint and build it in your residence, you will be able to nurture many talents." "The tower might not be so magical."

Gu Chensha frowned, "We have to rely on our own willpower, but if the barbarian race becomes strong, it won't be a blessing for us. Speaking of residences, I don't know how Long Yuyun is doing, but I want to go back and take a look. But to the capital, even if we can fly, it will take two to three days. "

"Master, there is no rush. To build a foundation, there are too many people in the capital. I think it is best to build it outside the pass.

There are few people in the wilderness and some places have good Fengshui. If we can build a residence and nurture talents, that would be the best.

The key is that the wilderness lacks resources and it is hard to transport them. Since Master has a Grotto-Heaven Grade treasure, it is perfect. "Yi Ming suggested.

"This is a good idea!

There are too many people in the capital and any secret will be discovered. It is better to find a large area in the wilderness to build a residence and use it as a secret camp.

But it is too far away. If anything happens in the capital, we won't be able to rush there. "Gu Chensha considered the disadvantages.

"This is also a disadvantage, but Master has a Grotto-Heaven Grade treasure. When the time comes, you can tame a Golden Roc and put all the people and things in it. Then, you can ride on the Roc and reach the capital quickly." Yi Ming was very confident.