Chapter 806
===========

"Once I've subdued these seven Endless Treasures, I'll come after you. Once they've been absorbed by the Divine Prefecture Gourd, my Divine Prefecture Gourd's power will increase greatly. No matter where this person runs to, he won't be able to escape death." Gu Chensha would definitely not let this Primordial Chaos Emperor Incineration World off.

Incineration World's methods were ruthless. In order to trap Gu Chensha, he had not hesitated to sacrifice the entire continent and its hundreds of billions of citizens.

Such a person did not understand the meaning of life at all. With his methods, he could exterminate all life at the drop of a hat. He was a huge threat to the Yongchō.

It had to be said that Incineration World was someone at the Heavenly Longevity Realm, and he was very close to the power of Primordial Chaos. He was much more terrifying than Wan Senshi. Moreover, this person had some mysterious providence that came from the future. Gu Chensha could see that this person's potential had yet to be exhausted. In other words, his strength could still be raised to the Sky Prime Realm. This person's strength was not as great as Gu Chensha's, but there were other mysteries to it. He definitely could not let this person escape.

Of course, now that this person had left his own country, he would suffer great losses. From Gu Chensha's point of view, the Incineration World and its hundreds of billions of citizens were a huge fortune. Coupled with Incineration World's close relationship with Primordial Chaos, he could create an invincible providence in a very short period of time.

He had abandoned his own country and citizens in order to kill Gu Chensha. That was like throwing a watermelon while picking up sesame seeds. It was a huge miscalculation.

"This huge empire has hundreds of billions of citizens, and the wealth it contains surpasses even the Endless Treasures. Since Incineration World doesn't want it, I'll take it."

Gu Chensha, who was suppressing the Endless Treasures, suddenly moved. A scripture filled the area. This scripture was the Great All Beings' Human Purification Scripture. He had converted everyone present.

The Imperial Palace was filled with the upper echelons of the Empire. As long as they were all under control, the Empire would not collapse for the time being. Then, they could deal with the situation calmly, and they would be able to establish a powerful system that would work in concert with the Yongchō of the Central Divine Prefecture.

However, there were many hidden dragons and crouching tigers among the hundreds of billions of commoners on the Incinerate Continent. There were many experts with the fate of flood dragons and giant snakes hidden within. Originally, it was still fine with the suppression of the Burning World, but once the Burning World disappeared, the world would immediately fall apart. It was unknown how many people would become emperors and how many would become kings.

With a population of hundreds of billions of people, how many tyrannical characters could emerge from them? Even an Empyrean might not be able to control the situation for a long time. But Gu Chensha had an idea. Heavenly Talisman's 36 years would soon arrive and the true variables would soon arrive. If he could control such a powerful empire then the power of worship would increase by a great deal.

"Hmm? These people actually couldn't be converted? Still resisting me? "

Gu Chensha had converted the civil and military officials, many Gods, and even Saints, but the three men and three women who had been reincarnated from the Endless Treasures were still resisting the power of conversion. Apart from that, they were bitterly holding on, trying to interfere with Gu Chensha and retract their power.

"Sigh." Gu Chensha let out another long sigh. "Even now, you're still resisting. I really don't know what kind of magic soup Burning World fed you.

You people were born with the fate of the Heavenly Realm. Even if you lost the Endless Treasures, your talents are still far above Innate Saints. In fact, you even have an advantage over Divergents.

I've subdued your Endless Treasures to help you break free from your shackles and gain freedom. But it's fine if you don't realize it now.

I'll take you into the Divine Gourd and slowly nurture you. You'll definitely become great talents who can save the world and bring peace. "

It was normal for the people who had been reincarnated from the Endless Treasures not to be converted. For example, even though Gu Chensha had taken away all his magic power and the Endless Umbrella, Fa Wuxian still refused to submit. His will was as strong as an indestructible diamond.

These were the true Children of Destiny. Gu Chensha would not kill them. Instead, he wanted to take them as his subordinates. They would definitely be of great use in the future.

Apart from that, what Gu Chensha wanted was for all living beings to be united. If even the people who had been reincarnated from the Endless Treasures could not be converted, then it would be a joke for all living beings to be united. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha activated the Divine Gourd and suddenly made a move, sucking the three men and three women into the gourd.

Under the influence of the aura, the seven treasures formed from the Endless Treasures were also thrown into the Divine Gourd. Really!

At that moment, the situation suddenly changed. A huge hand with the light of the sun and the moon silently appeared from the depths of the void, grabbing at the seven Endless Treasures. It actually wanted to take advantage of them.

The might of this hand seemed to be able to tear apart continents, destroy mountains and rivers, shatter stars with a flick of its fingers, and seize the oceans.

"Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha, you've finally recovered?

To think that you're still thinking of seizing the Endless Treasures at a time like this. You're really too naive. "

Gu Chensha seemed to have expected all of this. He opened his mouth and a gush of pure World Energy circulated and condensed. It was like the evolution of runes, growing and multiplying endlessly, blocking this person's huge hand.

Back then, Gu Chensha was not a match for the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha at all. But now, Gu Chensha was no longer at a disadvantage. In fact, he was even above Gu Tiansha. Because of this, Gu Chensha was not even at the God level back then. Now that he had become a Saint and had completely digested 10% of Gu Chensha's origin, Gu Tiansha no longer had any advantage against Gu Chensha.

After blocking the attack of the huge hand, Gu Chensha then slowly poured the seven Endless Treasures into the Divine Gourd.

Immediately, the Divine Gourd released boundless, endless, invincible, inaction, formless, and unintentional light. No one could describe the purity and purity of this light, as well as the brilliance and brilliance. It was as if the world's greatest treasure had been born.

"Not bad, not bad. The Endless Treasures are supreme treasures of the Heaven Realm. Every one of them is not weaker than the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd. With the 36 treasures added together, they far surpass the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, Dragon Gate, and Primordial Tree. They can open the door to the Heaven Realm and become the Emperor Of Heaven."

Gu Chensha thought to himself, "Now, my Divine Gourd has fused with the umbrella, cauldron, needle, tree, book, brush, palace, pill, and armor. Next, I will capture Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian to obtain the two most important treasures, the Sword of Infinity and Saber of Infinity. After that, I will help the Three Ministers and Eight Marquises, Fang Lin, and the others to free themselves. Then, the Divine Gourd will be more or less complete. A total of 22 treasures will take up more than half of it. After that, I will attack the alliance and obtain the Heart of Infinity. With that, the plan to gather the 36 Endless Treasures will be 90% successful. I will definitely become the Emperor Of Heaven. "

The Divine God Gourd changed once more. It gave off a really majestic aura and walked around the world. It already had the aura of the Honghuang Dragon Sect, the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, and the Hongmeng Tree. In the future, it wouldn't be difficult for it to become a treasure of such a level.

"Common People God General, come out!"

Gu Chensha held up the gourd and instantly, large amounts of chaotic energy descended from the sky. Apart from that, large amounts of Heaven World power also entered the gourd.

The depths of the gourd wriggled and spat out many Common People's Generals. These Common People's Generals were all really strong and were actually at Dao Realm 27 Transformation, Two Worlds Seamless Realm. When one reached this realm, they could tear open space and teleport. Then, it would be much easier to manage the world.

Gu Chensha wanted to create such a batch of Common People Generals to spread across the Burn Empire Continent to monitor the world. First, they would manage the bureaucracy and spread the ideals of the Calming Celestial Bureau. Then, a single spark would be able to sweep the world and stir up new thoughts.

Tens of thousands of Common People Generals shot out from the gourd. They disappeared and headed towards the various parts of the Burn Empire Continent. This was just like the thousands of demon stars that descended in the past.

Gu Chensha's current manufacturing ability had increased greatly because the Divine God Gourd had absorbed the seven Endless Treasures.

Moreover, he would definitely be able to travel freely in the Endless Land. He could vaguely sense the size of the Endless Land.

"Chase after the Burning Empire World?

That doesn't seem possible. Since the Lord of the Sun Moon Gu Chensha appeared, it meant that he had probably made the first move and accepted the Burning Empire World. Either the two of them joined forces or the Burning Empire World joined forces with him to form a huge power. I can't do anything about it for now. "Gu Chensha calculated in his heart.

At this moment, a voice rang out from the void. Gu Tiansha also retracted his hand, "Gu Chensha, many thanks. If it weren't for you, I wouldn't have been able to gain the support of the Burning World of Ten Thousand Worlds, allowing me to gain a powerful general.

Once I advance to the Celestial Lord Realm, I will definitely come to the Divine Prefecture to kill and swallow you. You can just wait to die. " "Gu Chensha, you and I are absolutely irreconcilable."

The Burning Empire World's voice rang out. "Lord Gu Chensha, today, I will completely submit to you. From now on, I will follow your lead and assist you in your hegemony. I will definitely kill the Department of Tranquility.

Gu Chensha, you actually want to take control of my Great Burning Empire? Do you really think you can succeed? I will definitely take back my foundation and kill you. " "What a bunch of rabble."

Gu Chensha shook his head. "Burning Empire World, if you submit to the Department of Tranquility, you will not lose your position. In fact, you might even gain true eternity in the future. But now that you submit to Gu Chensha, you will probably be devoured by him before I can even capture you. You really are seeking your own death. Not even I can save you."

As he spoke, Gu Chensha's body flickered, and he vanished. He had left the Incinerate Continent, and a moment later, he was in the Central Divine Prefecture.

Normally, it would have taken him a long time to reach the Incinerate Continent, at least several hours. But now, he had arrived in the blink of an eye. It was clear that after obtaining the seven Inexhaustible treasures, he could now use a lot of the Celestial Realm's power. The Burning Empire World had gathered the seven Inexhaustible treasures in order to open a portal, allowing the experts of the Incinerate Continent to come to the Central Divine Prefecture, then invade and occupy Yongchō. : Visit Website