Chapter 607
===========

"Longevity God and Calming Chaos are both extremely powerful people. They don't belong to any sects and are lone cultivators. Yet, they managed to cultivate to the god level and are extremely close to the sage level. They established their own sect, second only to the Immortal Dao's 72 Mysterious Gates. I can imagine the difficulty." Wu Dangkong nodded in agreement.

It was fine if the second or third-rate sects didn't have many rules, but once they grew to a certain extent, they would be suppressed by the 72 Mysterious Gates.

Whether it was the sects established by Calming Chaos or Longevity God, they had all been suppressed by the 72 Mysterious Gates on the surface and in the dark. If they weren't careful, they would be annihilated.

However, these two experts still managed to hold on and were able to do it with ease. From this, it could be seen how powerful these two experts were.

"However, this time, I'm going to take action and snatch this Longevity God's opportunity. The appearance of a true god is no small matter. Even I can't help but be tempted."

Dharma Saint said, "With this true god's position, we can suppress our Legalism's minor chiliocosm and accelerate its evolution into a medium-grade world. At that time, it won't be impossible for us to reclaim the power of the imperial court." "How long will it take for the Legalism's Law Realm to become a medium-grade world? Is it really that difficult to advance? "

Wu Dang Kong frowned. "I can't believe that the Calm Deity Division actually advanced just like that. The difference between their cultivation levels and Lord Warlock Saint's can't be calculated, but they just happened to have such an opportunity. Could it be that they are really fated?"

"They're not fated. They're protected by Gu Taxian, and you're just a chess piece of Gu Taxian. Of course, you didn't do well enough.

As a result, you've lost the initiative and are in a passive position. You have no choice but to cooperate with Wan Senshi. This person isn't a good person either. "Dharma Saint shook his head.

"Speaking of which, Lord Dharma Saint, I have a question. Who is this Wan Senshi? Why haven't I heard of him before?

Moreover, he was wearing a bronze mask when he spoke. Was he a man or a woman? "Wu Dangkong knew that the Dharma Saint was knowledgeable and wanted to know the truth.

"He's an ancient antique who has existed since the Great Desolation Age. His identity is extremely mysterious, and not even I know where he came from. However, I do know that even the three Celestials are his juniors. He should be from the same generation as the Immortal Lord, and has some connection to the prehistoric times. The prehistoric era was before the Primordial Age. "

The Dharma Saint said, "However, who he really is isn't that important right now. What's important is that he's an Empyrean level expert. Gathering the Immortal Dao Mystic Sect, fighting against the Immortal Tranquility Department, and even giving you benefits is enough." "Lord Dharma Saint is right."

Wu Dangkong said hatefully, "More than half a year ago, we suffered a crushing defeat in the imperial court. The aristocratic families lost all their face and wealth.

The juniors of the Immortal Tranquility Department suppressed all the aristocratic families. I had the Xingqiong clan behind me, but I couldn't do anything. Gu Tanjian had the Great Spirit God behind him, and the Crown Prince had the three Celestials behind him, but I still couldn't do anything.

"In truth, whether it was the Xingqiong clan, the Great Spirit God, or the other existences, they all feared Gu Taxian. Even I am afraid of Ancient Treading on Immortals.

In terms of offensive power and lethality, Xing Qiongshi had comprehended 100 levels of the Divine Prefecture Grand Magic. He was number one in the world. If he were to strike out with his full strength in the Central Divine Prefecture, he would be able to kill three Celestial Paragons. He could become one with the divine prefecture.

He could become one with the Divine Central Continent, but now that the Divine Central Continent has been suppressed, he can't use it. "

The Dharma Saint said, "I've seen through the juniors of the Immortal Tranquility Department. The most terrifying one is that Gu Chensha. He has already cultivated the Heavenly Dao Magic, and he can transform without end. Wudang Xing was transformed by him, which is why he's stirring up trouble and keeping us in the dark." "What?!"

Wu Dangkong turned pale with fright. "I was wondering why Wudang Xing was so strange. So it's that animal, Gu Chensha, in disguise. Damn it, damn it, damn it!"

She had said the word 'damn it' three times in a row. It was clear that not even the waters of the four seas could wash away the hatred in her heart.

"If this kid becomes a God, even I won't be able to do anything to him. Fortunately, his cultivation speed is much slower than ordinary people, because the Heavenly Dao Magic has never appeared since time immemorial, and no one has ever successfully cultivated it. Although I've cultivated the Nine Levels True Dragon Magic, compared to the Heavenly Dao Magic, I'm still far from it. It's almost impossible for me to succeed. "

The Dharma Saint said, "The most terrifying thing about this kid is his Art of Disguise. He can hide and camouflage, and no one can discover him.

His fate has also disappeared. Therefore, even if we destroy the Calming Immortal Department, we won't be able to kill this kid. " "Doesn't that mean he's invincible?" Wu Dangkong shivered. "We can't do anything to him." "That's true."

The Dharma Saint said, "A person who has successfully cultivated the Heavenly Dao Magic is invincible. As long as he deliberately hides himself, no one in the world can find him.

He can completely hide and cultivate in the dark. Once he has mastered the Heavenly Dao Magic, he will come out and kill everyone.

However, now that the Heavenly Dao has changed, the future is not the future, and the past is not the past. It's hard to say whether he's invincible or not. After all, the cultivation of the Heavenly Dao Magic has eroded the power of the Heavenly Dao itself. Once the calamity comes, it will be his weakest moment, and he will definitely face a great calamity. " "I hope so. Otherwise, we won't be able to survive. Even in the current Union of Ten Thousand Immortals, he can still hide himself and sneak into it. Even Wan Senshi won't be able to find him. "

Wu Dangkong said, "But Your Excellency Dharma Saint, the most urgent thing for me now is the matter of the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman." "Speak." The Dharma Saint nodded.

"The Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman has been distorted by Gu Taxian."

Wu Dangkong said, "Every time I perform the sacrificial ritual, half of the power I obtain will be transferred to Gu Chensha's body. As a result, after I obtained the talisman, I dared not perform the sacrificial ritual. Otherwise, wouldn't I be giving it to him?

Rumor has it that in the past, the Heavenly Dao Magic Talisman fell into his hands. Later on, perhaps because of the change of the Heavenly Dao, the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman flew to me. However, it left behind a hidden danger. What should I do now? How can I get rid of the hidden danger? " "I've already guessed it."

The Dharma Saint said, "There is nothing we can do about it. The Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman's quality is equivalent to the Great Thousand Worlds. No matter how strong my cultivation is, it is difficult for me to touch its essence, let alone get rid of the things left behind by Gu Taxian.

This can only be a game between the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian. If the Heavenly Dao suppresses Gu Taxian, then the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman will naturally be undone and its original power will be restored.

We simply can't imagine a game of this level, nor can we come into contact with it. Right now, we're watching the game between the Heavenly Dao and Ancient Immortal Treading. It's like a few ordinary mortals hearing about the three Empyreans. " "Is the difference that big?" Wu Dangkong did not believe it.

"It's even bigger than this." The Dharma Saint looked at Wu Dangkong. "It's a pity, a pity …" "What's a pity?" Wu Dangkong asked curiously.

"It's a pity that you didn't have sex with Gu Taxian. Otherwise, you could have obtained many benefits and secrets." The Dharma Saint frowned.

"Humph!"

Wu Dangkong snorted coldly. "Gu Taxian forced me to marry into the palace. I haven't even seen him. But I don't agree with what you said. He has so many concubines, like the Queen of Law. She even had a son with Gu Taxian, Gu Taxian. But so what? He doesn't seem to have any abilities. "

"Do you really think the Queen of Law doesn't have any abilities?" The Dharma Saint smiled faintly. "You're used to doing whatever you want in the harem.

But that's because all the concubines who have sex with Gu Taxian have actually received a huge boost of power. It's just that they've been strengthened by the restrictions. Now, they've all awakened. The Queen of Law should be able to reach the God level soon. " "Impossible!" Wu Dangkong almost screamed.

"Just wait and see."

The Dharma Saint said, "Gu Taxian was able to nurture the juniors of the Celestial Tranquility Department to such a level. He was even able to create a medium-class realm. How could he not have made arrangements for his women?

Could it be that after the fall of his country, his women were kidnapped by others and brought shame to him? What kind of existence is he? How could he do this? " "The Queen of Law isn't of the same mind as you, right?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"All of Gu Taxian's women are dead set on him." The Dharma Saint said, "Actually, even the Immortal Master is no exception. It's just that the Immortal Master has other ideas.

Only you, who hate Gu Taxian to the bone, are also an oddity. Your future achievements will definitely be limitless. "

"Thank you, Lord Dharma Saint, for your praise. However, I've already lost my power. Even if I have the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, it's useless.

Only the Son of Heaven's Qi can completely activate the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, and also condense the position of True God. "Wu Dangkong said," In the future, I'll still need Lord Dharma Saint's support. " "I'll definitely support you."

The Dharma Saint said, "However, the Martial Saint's Paradise has already been destroyed. The Celestial Tranquility Department has planted a back-up plan. In time, they will completely devour the entire Paradise. You can't reverse this."

"The Martial Emperor was so talented and bold. Such a powerful person was actually captured and killed. It's really unexpected. Now, the control of one-third of the Martial Saint's Paradise that belonged to the Celestial Tranquility Department has indeed fallen into the hands of the Celestial Tranquility Department." Wu Dangkong was also at his wit's end regarding this matter.

The Martial Saint's Paradise was a whole entity. The Celestial Tranquility Department was now like a virus invading it.

They had already taken control of one-third of it and had started to infiltrate the other domains. As such, Wu Dangkong and King Wu Yu were completely helpless. They could only watch as the Martial Saint's Paradise slowly fell into the enemy's hands.

More importantly, King Wu Yu originally had nine Deity level experts. Now that Wu Pokong had been subdued, he kept on transmitting his will over, causing the other eight Deity level experts' wills to waver.

In time, the Martial Saint's Paradise would be completely seized by the Celestial Tranquility Department and become a part of the Small Divine Province.

Right now, Gu Chensha was continuously operating the Small Divine Province. He wanted to turn this Small Divine Province into a Minor Chiliocosm that could serve as a support to the Celestial Tranquility Department.

"Jing Qiu, you've come as well?" The Dharma Saint suddenly looked into the depths of void space.