Chapter 654
===========

"Take this."

Dou Yiyu's incarnation was at Dao Realm 27 Transformation, Two World Seamless. It could rip open space and teleport and jump through space.

Even if she was unparalleled in battle and had many methods, but at the same realm, she was still not Gu Chensha's match. That All Techniques Return to One Realm was still destroyed by one punch from Gu Chensha. She had no choice. To probe Gu Chensha's secret, she could only raise this incarnation by one realm.

"Now, I will use my seven hearts."

At that moment, Dou Yiyu used the Rage Fist, Sadness Fist, Evil Fist, Worry Fist, Grievance Fist, Terror Fist, and Ninja Fist.

This extreme ancient witchcraft fist had exceeded the changes in power and the shaking of space. It was all activated by one's heart. The stronger one's heart was, the stronger one's strength was. Where the Dao was, one's heart was. When one was filled with killing intent, the ground would flip.

This fist was several times stronger than the drill from before. With the seven hearts merged into one fist, the strength wasn't as simple as seven times.

The highest fist technique of ancient witchcraft, the Thirty-six Heart Fists, transcended the realm of magic power. It was not the power of the world, but the heart of all living beings. It was different from the path of Buddhism, the path of the devil, and even the path of the Son of Heaven.

In the Demon Path, it was said that the strongest was the Primordial Heart Demon. It was placed deep within the hearts of all beings and as long as they weren't wiped out, the Heart Demon wouldn't be destroyed.

This ancient witchcraft 36 Heart Fist, if one cultivated it to the highest realm, 36 Hearts Into One, one could reach such a realm too.

Gu Chensha had seen the Rage Fist and Sadness Fist before. The Rage Fist was passed down to the Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha by Mr. Feng. The Tenth Prince cultivated it but the effects were minimal and he didn't get much out of it.

The secret of this fist was to do everything in rage. The angrier one was, the stronger the fist technique would be. It had already exceeded the realm of using power.

The Sorrowful Fist was the ultimate art of the great eunuch, Eunuch Wang Bei. He was the Patriarch of the Everlasting Hatred Demon Sect, one of the thirty-six demon sects of the demonic path. The most precious technique of this demon sect was the Sorrowful Fist, and he was also a Divine level expert. This person had now become Gu Huan Sha's right-hand man and was completely obedient to the Immortal Master.

Naturally, this wasn't considered a rebellion. A long time ago, Wang Bei was already a subordinate of the Immortal Lord. Now, he was also under the orders of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. Gu Huansha was also the daughter of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. This was also equivalent to loyalty to the royal family. It was just that he wasn't loyal to the Calming Immortal Department.

From an outsider's point of view, even if there was a conflict between Gu Chensha's Department of Tranquility and Gu Huansha's Celestial Designer Institute, it was an internal matter of the Gu family.

Regardless of whose hands the Emperor ended up in, it would still be the Yongchō and the Gu Clan's world.

Dou Yiyu's fist arrived in front of Gu Chensha. Raging Waves, Seven Hearts Harmony. In an instant, the Rage Fist, Sorrow Fist, Evil Fist, Worry Fist, Resentment Fist, Terror Fist, and Ninja Fist ignored all defenses and killed their way into Gu Chensha's heart.

At this moment, Dou Yiyu's body was at the twenty-seventh transformation of the Dao Realm, Seamless Two Worlds. When he activated it, he had the ability to tear apart space.

Along with Dou Yiyu's unparalleled battle techniques, once he activated it, he was pretty much invincible in the same realm. Peng!

Gu Chensha also punched out. There was nothing fancy about it, it was as slow as a tortoise, clumsy and laughable. However, there was an eternal intent of a foolish old man moving mountains within it. When the two fists clashed, Dou Yiyu's Seamless Two Worlds clone shattered and exploded once more.

"Miss Yiyu, you think you can defeat me with a mere cultivation level of 27 Changes? You're underestimating me. You'd better increase your cultivation level. Besides, there's no need to use the Thirty-six Fists of Heart. It's incomplete and doesn't suit you. You should use your own Dao."

After Gu Chensha's fist crushed Dou Yiyu's clone, he said once more, "I think that if you want to force out my potential, then you have to raise this clone to God Realm, Dao Realm 30 Transformation, World Creation Realm. Then, you can use the power of the world to suppress me.

This is because even if you raise to the twenty-ninth transformation and comprehend the Chaos Realm, you are still using power and you can't do anything to me. "

"Very good, it seems like your cultivation has reached a peak. Since that is the case, then I won't waste any more energy. I will directly raise my realm to God Realm." Dou Yiyu nodded his head. In the blink of an eye, her clone's cultivation base skyrocketed.

From the twenty-seventh transformation to the twenty-eighth, twenty-ninth, and then finally to the thirtieth transformation, World Creation Realm before it stopped.

"You have to think carefully. Now, I won't use the 36 Heart Fist. Instead, I will use my own Dao: Rise and fall, a feather in the sky, riding the wind in the nine heavens, carefree in the world." At that moment, Dou Yiyu's aura changed.

Gu Chensha seemed to be able to see a feather casually floating in the air amidst numerous waves. It could do anything and was always carefree.

Then, heaven and earth shattered and a calamity rumbled. Everything was destroyed, the sun and moon sunk, time twisted, and Yin and Yang were in chaos. But that feather still rode the wind, carefree, and independent of the world. It didn't belong to any heaven and earth, it didn't merge with anything. It was absolutely independent, and it monopolized everything.

At that moment, Dou Yiyu seemed to be indestructible and didn't belong to anything in the world. He just looked on coldly from the side.

This kind of independent temperament, and the feeling of not being affected by all tribulations, made Gu Chensha feel like a true hermit expert. The carefree immortal dao, the naivety of the great dao, and the freedom that all people dreamed of. A feather in the air caused tribulations to ripple, drifting casually, and independent.

Dou Yiyu's Dao was true independence. She didn't rely on any power, didn't rely on the world, didn't rely on the Heavenly Dao, and didn't even rely on fate or tribulations. She did things her own way, and didn't care about anything. This was an emotionless Dao, a Dao of liberation, a Dao of freedom, and a Dao of lightness. This was Dou Yiyu's true ability. This was also why she was number one among the three celestial sovereigns in magical combat.

"Amazing. With this, even if Dou Yiyu doesn't have any miraculous encounters, she can still become a celestial sovereign in the future."

Gu Chensha suddenly felt like time was passing infinitely, or perhaps infinitely stopping somewhere. The future had all disappeared, as if life had been eternally fixed at a certain moment. The universe had disappeared, and all that was left was Dou Yiyu floating over, as if she could point to the one and only. In the depths of his heart, he actually couldn't form any thoughts of resisting.

This was because Dou Yiyu didn't make a move. Although it seemed as if Dou Yiyu's fist was an attack, the truth was that she was displaying her own Dao, and was interrogating Gu Chensha.

If Gu Chensha didn't resist, then he would be assimilated by this Dao. Once he failed, he would become a worshipper of Dou Yiyu, and it would be difficult for him to progress any further. In almost an instant, Gu Chensha was about to be lost within. But Gu Chensha seemed to have already expected this. His thoughts began to change.

He didn't use the power of a dimensional realm. Instead, his entire body fiercely shook. Then, a tyrannical and magnificent majesty swept out, as if it could sweep through the world. This majesty was like the supreme might of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor, like the overlord of the Heavenly Dao. Because of this, Dou Yiyu was like a freak that wanted to jump out of his control.

"Heavenly Dao Transformation, Talisman Fusion. Behold my Heavenly Talisman Transformation!"

At this time, Gu Chensha's entire body had already disappeared. Instead, he had transformed into a talisman. This talisman was the color of sky blue. Four ancient words appeared on it: "Receive the Mandate of Heaven." This was the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman.

Gu Chensha had actually transformed himself to the limit, turning into the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. This could be said to be the pinnacle of transformation, the pinnacle of the Great Dao.

Originally, Gu Chensha had devoured the Primeval Dragon Gate Talisman of the Martial Emperor and transformed into the Primeval Dragon Gate. Its power was endless.

But now, he had half of the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, and he had cultivated the Heavenly Dao Art. These days, he had been studying the essence of Wan Senshi's Miniature World Tree. Among them, the leaves of the Miniature World Tree were operating in imitation of the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman.

Now, his understanding of the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman far surpassed that of the ancient Emperors, let alone the half-baked Wu Dangkong.

Therefore, he directly used the Transformation Art. The Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman transformed to suppress Dou Yiyu's Dao. The Heavenly Dao was the king of all Daos. All Daos belonged to the Heavenly Dao.

As Gu Chensha suppressed it, the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman wrapped around Dou Yiyu's incarnation.

At that moment, Dou Yiyu's incarnation's strength seemed to have increased by several times. The power struck the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman and actually wanted to break Gu Chensha's transformation.

At this moment, the two of them had truly begun their strongest confrontation. If Dou Yiyu was able to break through Gu Chensha's transformation, Gu Chensha would suffer a crushing defeat.

If Gu Chensha suppressed Dou Yiyu's incarnation, then it would be tough for Dou Yiyu to get to Heaven Venerable Realm. At this moment, the two of them were already in a stalemate. They had to determine the victor.

Gu Chensha could only force himself into a corner to be able to use all his potential. At the same time, he would force Dou Yiyu to the extreme and then he would be able to see all of Dou Yiyu's secrets.

"Break!"

Dou Yiyu's incarnation's realm actually increased once more. She reached Dao Realm 31 Transformation, Creation Realm. A huge tree appeared beneath her feet.

The branches and leaves of the tree spread out, seemingly covering endless planes and time dimensions. Boundless Connate Numinous Treasure aura flashed on it, and it could condense any existence that one could imagine, or even unimaginable.

"Hongmeng Tree." Gu Chensha knew.

He activated the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman's transformation and the only thing that could go against it was Dou Yiyu's transformation into the Hongmeng Tree. Honglong!

Dou Yiyu's body transformed into the Hongmeng Tree and she stood on the tree branch. Her hands formed a Dao Mark and it was as if she was standing at the highest point of the universe and everyone was below her. She punched out fiercely. Kacha! This attack struck deep into the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman that Gu Chensha had transformed into.

Instantly, something deep within the talisman seemed to have been destroyed. It gave off the smell of jade shattering. This seemed like Gu Chensha's own will, but it also didn't seem like it.