Chapter 1107
============

Chapter 1102: Old or New World Chapter 1102: Old or New World

Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li were not in their true forms, but rather their clones. They were all at the Undying Realm, and possessed invincible qi potentials. Naturally, they would hold back no matter what. However, even though they were clones, their strength was still at the Undying Realm. Furthermore, the six of them were not enemies, but vaguely working together. That was terrifying. Rumble! In the blink of an eye, a powerful battle erupted in the eye of the formation.

"Not good!" The Fourth Gu Huasha's heart sank to the bottom.

He was like a child right now. He couldn't use any of his power in front of these people. It wasn't that he wasn't strong enough, but that he was wounded. He was really unlucky this time. Things didn't go well at all.

"Not good."

Zhou Yang was also involved in the battle. He wanted to see what was going on here, and then take the entire formation. That would be like ascending to the heavens in one step. Any expert at the Supreme Immortal Realm knew how important this formation was.

It could manipulate fortune, reverse fate, and defy the laws of heaven and earth. Once you mastered it, you could even obtain some kind of supreme ability.

For example, if Zhou Yang was at the Undying Realm, after obtaining this formation, he would be able to take on at least ten experts at the same level as him. In other words, he would be ten times stronger.

"It's time."

Zhou Yang sacrificed his power in the midst of the chaotic battle. Beams of mysterious light shone behind his head. It was the combination of the will of the old world and the new world.

Back then, Zhou Yang had been able to reach the Supreme Immortal Realm because Gu Chensha and the will of the old world had infused into each other. Each of them had a system in his body.

Over the years, he had bitterly cultivated and comprehended. Finally, he had refined the foundations of these two great systems and made them his. After that, he had completely fused them with his soul. With just a slight movement, he could unleash unparalleled power.

"The key to refining this formation is Gu Huasha, because Gu Huasha is the creator of this formation." Zhou Yang's body kept transforming. He hid and connected with Gu Huasha's mind. At this moment, the fourth brother, Guhuasha, was in grave danger.

"Gu Huasha, you are in danger. You can die at any moment," Zhou Yang said.

Zhou Yang said, "Why don't you work with me? I can preserve your consciousness, and you'll have a chance to be reborn. As long as you give up on yourself and fuse with the formation, I'll refine you and you'll be able to escape this tribulation. At that time, I'll resurrect you. What do you think?" "Zhou Yang, you reckless thing. Lowly thing. You are worse than a slave."

The Fourth Gu Huasha looked down on Zhou Yang. In his mind, Zhou Yang was just a test subject for Gu Chensha. How could he fight against him?

But now, Zhou Yang wanted to refine him and make him the weapon spirit of his treasure. How could he tolerate that?

"Gu Huasha, you are the one who doesn't know what's good for you. (This chapter is not finished. Please turn the page.)

", message:" Subscribed. Website: