Chapter 1132
============

Another Giant

"Not bad, my lifespan has surpassed a hundred billion years," Qin Guang said coldly.

Qin Guang said coldly, "I've directly refined the ten Supreme Origin experts you sealed and absorbed their imprints. Not only have I obtained all of their power, fortune, knowledge, and comprehension, but I also have to thank you for refining their imprints for so many years, allowing them to comprehend many new things. Their comprehension of the Supreme Origin realm far exceeds what you used to imprison them. They're like treasures. You've refined them for tens of thousands of years, making them even purer. But now, it's all mine." This was the reason why Qin Guang had reached a hundred billion years of lifespan.

The ten sealed Invincible Imperishable levels were constantly refined, until they were only left with the purest power and enlightenment.

This was equivalent to Lin Yixun, the seven giants, and the ten Origin realm experts working tirelessly for Qin Guang for tens of thousands of years. It would be strange if Qin Guang's cultivation did not skyrocket.

Of course, the most impressive thing was that the ten Origin realm experts had suffered tribulations, so the tribulations within their fortune had been worn away. All that was left was a bit of the true meaning of eternal indestructibility.

This bit of true meaning of eternal indestructibility entered Qin Guang's body. At this moment, Qin Guang's power and fortune, as well as his comprehension of life in the universe, had reached a supreme peak.

Suddenly, the Heavenly Ways changed, and the sun and moon became eternal. Qin Guang casually waved his hand, and the entire Old and New Worlds began to change. A large amount of space was born, and the landscape of mountains and rivers began to change. In that instant, the Old and New Worlds were no longer the worlds of Lin Yixun and the other giants, but Qin Guang's own world. A petty person had suddenly risen to become the greatest winner of the Old and New Worlds.

"What do we do?"

Zhou Yang's face paled. He felt that all his connections with the Old and New Worlds had been severed in that instant. He had lost a large portion of his power, and he felt an unprecedented sense of danger. This was the greatest tribulation he had ever faced.

Furthermore, he could sense his destiny plummeting. Ever since he had acquired the Will of the Old World and the system Gu Chensha had given him, his life had been smooth sailing. No, he had been the main character in the past, able to resolve any problems he encountered. He had enjoyed a level of pleasure that ordinary people could never experience. Later, he had reached the Invincible Deathless level. But now, he felt as if he had lost all the care he had received from the unseen world.

"Go!" This feeling made him lose all his fighting spirit. Without saying a word, he began to run away.

However, as soon as Qin Guang's aura moved, he locked onto him. Suddenly, his body moved, transforming into a beam of light. Amidst his surprise attack, his hand reached out and pierced through his body, grabbing hold of his heart.

Zhou Yang's aura was disappearing, and he could not even protect his spiritual imprint. There was no way for him to retreat.

"If you hadn't lost your confidence and lost your vigor, I wouldn't have been able to kill you so quickly. However, you're scared now. Today is the day you die. "

Qin Guang said, "Actually, if the seven of you had joined forces against me, I wouldn't have been able to kill you in a short time. However, you escaped just like that, allowing me to find an opening and kill one of you. It's like a rolling snowball. Very well, you must die."

Zhou Yang, a genius, no, an existence whose destiny was greater than the heavens, had been killed in a single day. After killing Zhou Yang, Qin Guang's aura was even more savage.

Whoosh, whoosh. He completely surpassed time and space, even exceeding the time and distance that the Invincible Deathless could imagine. Two clones appeared in front of Hu Buhui and Li Xiuyang.

Then, Hu Buhui and Li Xiuyang's protective barriers were pierced through, and they were sucked dry. Their spiritual imprints, destiny, origin, mystiques, and intrinsic qualities were all gone, turning into strange runes that fell into Qin Guang's hands.

Qin Guang's strength was simply incomparable. His current methods seemed to surpass the ferocity of Zhou Qin and the others.

After killing three Invincible Deathless in a row, Lin Yixun and the others' thoughts of joining forces against Qin Guang were completely extinguished. They all fled in all directions.

"It's a pity that you can't escape. If you were outside the Old and New Worlds, it would be very difficult for me to kill you, because in the multivariate universe, there are too many opportunities for you to escape. However, you chose to stay in the Old and New Worlds. Now, the entire Origin Will of the Old and New Worlds is on my side, fusing with me. I can command it like my own arm. In other words, I am the origin of the Old and New Worlds. The Origin Will of this world has been completely devoured by me. This is also your credit. Because you have been refining for the past hundred thousand years, causing the Origin Will to be very weak. In the end, you can only grab onto me as your last hope." Qin Guang sneered again.

Indeed, Lin Yixun and the other six powerhouses were all Invincible Deathless Realm experts with many methods. If they were outside the Old and New Worlds, he would not have been able to kill three of them so quickly. However, in the Old and New Worlds, it was equivalent to entering his lair. The seven powerhouses could not escape at all. The Origin Will of the world was being controlled, making it difficult for them to operate. In an instant, Tang Chuan died! Wei Jia died! Zhang Xuangong died!

These illustrious giants, the once invincible experts, the former protagonists, had fallen just like that. They had fallen in an extremely miserable and tragic manner, silently and silently, just like some of the unknown juniors in history. Their main character halos had also dissipated like the wind. There was not the slightest ripple. In the long river of history, anyone could fall.

In the end, Lin Yixun was the only one left in the entire place. She faced Qin Guang, looked at his evil eyes, and said calmly, "Don't be too happy. Our ending will be your ending in the future. No one can be invincible forever. It's true that your fate is flourishing now, and the era belongs to you. However, ten thousand years later, a hundred thousand years later, do you think you can keep this up?" "I am an invincible existence. In this world, there is no existence that I can't defeat."

Qin Guang looked at Lin Yixun evilly. "I've said it before. I'll make you my woman. No, to be more precise, my plaything. I won't kill you for the time being. I'll humiliate you and let all your disciples and grand-disciples, as well as those believers who worship you as the supreme existence, witness with their own eyes how I'll toy with you. I'll use the most despicable and unacceptable methods to make you wish you were dead. I'll absorb strength from their humiliation and anger, turning them into my nutrients." "You!"

Even though she had reached such a realm, Lin Yixun still felt her hair stand on end. If she were to fall into Qin Guang's hands, death would be certain. However, she would have to endure endless humiliation before her death. That was absolutely not allowed.

"Self-destruction."

At that instant, Lin Yixun suddenly activated a secret technique. She started burning her lifespan. She had a lifespan of ten billion, and in an instant, she burned away one billion. RUMBLE!

Countless imprints appeared on her body. These imprints changed, vibrated, stimulated, and stimulated each other. All of a sudden, a resplendent beam of light pierced through the greyspace of the old and new worlds. She fused with the beam of light and was about to escape.

"Damn it. You actually know how to burn your lifespan!

This is a technique that Gu Chensha bestowed upon people. However, you're still not strong enough in front of me. "

Qin Guang roared. He waved his hand and started burning his lifespan as well. "You've already burned a billion years of your lifespan. That's not ruthless enough. Lin Yixun, I've already said that I'll make you wish you were dead. He had actually burned away two billion years of his lifespan! Right now, he had over a hundred billion years of lifespan. He could afford to do so.

"Zhou Yang and the others are all idiots. If they had fought with their lives on the line, I wouldn't have been able to do anything to them. However, they hesitated and wanted to escape without paying any price. I killed them instantly. As for you, you might be strong and decisive, but it's useless. Even if you burn all your lifespan, I'll still take you down," Qin Guang roared.

"You're a madman!"

Lin Yixun wanted to burn her lifespan again, but it was too late. Qin Guang had activated some kind of secret technique and completely controlled her, sealing her within.

"Now, I'll let you start your nightmarish life. Enjoy it." Qin Guang moved and started his evil plan. However, at this dangerous moment, a person suddenly appeared. An elegant young man dressed in green clothes. It was actually Zhou Qin. He looked at Qin Guang and suddenly attacked, pushing out a palm.

"Zhou Qin!"

Qin Guang seemed to have long known that someone would come to save Lin Yixun. He glared at Zhou Qin and suddenly attacked. He actually burned ten billion years of his lifespan, turning into a formless beam of light and attacking Zhou Qin.

"What?"

This time, it was Zhou Qin's turn to be shocked. "You actually burned ten billion years of your lifespan? Do you really think that your lifespan is endless?" "This is your flaw."

Qin Guang's killing intent was so strong that it could destroy heaven and earth. At his level, he could destroy countless universes with a single thought. Moreover, he had burned ten billion years of his lifespan. "You guys still think that you're under Gu Chensha's control. That's why you treasure your lifespan, afraid that you'll die once your lifespan is used up. But I'm not afraid at all. I know that even if my lifespan is used up on this interface, I won't die. I'm eternal. Gu Chensha's interface is just a lie.

Of course, you haven't comprehended this realm yet. Since you're here, don't leave. Become my sacrifice. "