Chapter 62
==========

"Could it be that I didn't drip enough Heavenly Dew?" Gu Chensha dripped a few more drops, but there was still no reaction. He was patient and dripped a hundred drops. Hum …

As expected, the armor began to squirm. The light blue color started to turn golden. After the Heavenly Dew touched the Hornless Dragon Armor, the liquid turned into a substance of the same origin as the Hornless Dragon Armor, strengthening the armor itself.

"The Heavenly Dew is indeed miraculous. It seems to be able to transform all substances. After drinking it, it will strengthen the human body. When watered, it will make plants stronger. Dripping it on armor will make it stronger and lighter. This is similar to the Heavenly Dao of Sun and Moon. It nourishes all things, and all things use the power of the sun and moon to grow."

After a hundred drops, the Hornless Dragon Armor turned blue gold. Its power increased slightly, but there was still no substantial change. Gu Chensha knew that the Heavenly Dew was not enough. He dripped another hundred drops on it.

The Hornless Dragon Armor's blue color disappeared completely, turning into a golden color. Its original appearance could not be seen anymore. The armor looked like it was made of gold, dazzling and domineering. Its defensive power increased again.

"How can I sneak in with this shiny golden light?

Legend has it that dragons can change their size. When they are big, they can soar into the sky. When they are small, they can hide in the caves of earthworms. I feel that this golden light doesn't match the transformation of a dragon. It hasn't returned to its original state. "Gu Chensha gritted his teeth and dripped another two hundred drops.

He only had a little more than five hundred drops of Heavenly Dew. Wasting four hundred on the Hornless Dragon Armor was a gamble.

If it didn't work, then so be it. He had to use the remaining hundred drops himself. He had to use the Sun-Moon Slash and heal himself, so he couldn't waste it.

As expected, the Hornless Dragon Armor changed again after two hundred drops. The golden light gradually disappeared, becoming faint and illusory. It was as soft as thin sand. When worn on the body, it was as if the person was shrouded in mist.

"It is indeed mysterious. Unfortunately, I still can't fly." Gu Chensha experimented. His body moved forward and crashed into the giant boulder.

Bada. A human-shaped hole appeared on the boulder. He had crashed through it, but his body didn't feel any recoil.

Moreover, he felt like he was about to fly with the slightest bit of force. His feet floated without touching the ground. It felt like he was riding the wind, which increased his speed even more.

However, it was impossible to truly fly. One had to borrow the power of the earth to launch attacks and run.

"If there's enough Heavenly Dew, this armor might transform into the Great Dragon Armor!"

After experimenting for an hour, Gu Chensha was very satisfied. The current Hornless Dragon Armor's sturdiness and the strength it contained had at least doubled compared to before. Relying on the mysteries of this armor, even if he were to face the Barbarian Marshal, he would probably be able to fight to a draw.

However, the armor was not his own strength, and he could not rely on it too much. He could not delay his own cultivation for the sake of a powerful armor.

In this regard, Gu Chensha was constantly on guard against himself, not daring to relax in the slightest.

He abruptly leaped down the cliff, reaching a height of several hundred feet. When his feet landed on the ground, the huge impact was completely absorbed by the armor, and he did not suffer any injury.

Then, he ran across the river. He was actually able to step on the surface of the water and walk on the waves. This was purely the power of the armor. With his increased speed, he quickly approached Peach County.

At this time, Peach County was surrounded by Barbarian soldiers and horses. They had tents and camps. Tens of thousands of Barbarian soldiers spread out with the county temple as the center, but in an orderly manner.

"Why are there no rations?"

Gu Chensha found a corner and hid in the Sun Moon Altar. He observed carefully and found that it was very safe. However, he discovered that the Barbarian soldiers did not bring rations. Sometimes, they brought water bottles with them to eat and drink. After drinking a mouthful of juice, they immediately became energetic. Their horses also drank this.

The Barbarian army did not bring rations, so they had to kill commoners as sacrifices. However, the surrounding commoners had all been killed, and even more had left this place.

Now that the army could no longer kill people as sacrifices, they had to bring rations. Otherwise, they would starve, freeze, or die of illness. There would be many casualties, and they would collapse without a battle.

He waited for the sky to turn dark before he went deeper. He once again snuck into the temple and eavesdropped on the conversation between the two Barbarian Martial Arts Grandmasters.

"This time, the Great Wei Dynasty actually sent us rations and wine. One gourd is enough for a soldier and a horse for three months. Otherwise, how could we possibly enter the Yongchō territory? Once the soldiers and horses are gathered, we will kill more of those foolish commoners as sacrifices to the god. We will definitely be able to enter the Realm of Dao. I can't wait now. "A Barbarian Martial Arts Grandmaster muttered in the Barbarian language.

As a prince, Gu Chensha's education was very strict. The Barbarian language was also a subject, and he could understand some of it. Some of the local languages were automatically translated into a language that he could understand in his mind.

"This rations and wine is brewed from many grains and herbs. It concentrates the essence of the food. After I drink it, I am slightly drunk. Energy flows through my limbs. It is beneficial for cultivation. In the future, we have to store more of this.

It would be best if we attack the Great Wei Dynasty and turn all the people of that dynasty into sacrifices for the god. "Another Barbarian Martial Arts Grandmaster laughed.

"The Great Wei Dynasty is actually providing the rations and wine. This is no ordinary participation, but a strategic cooperation. However, I feel that things are not so simple."

Gu Chensha was secretly shocked. "This rations and wine might have side effects or be addictive. I don't believe that the Great Wei Dynasty is so kind. They should also know that the Barbarians are wolf cubs that cannot be tamed. Throughout history, any dynasty that has tried to appease the Barbarians will always be bitten by the Barbarians. Let's not care about this for now. I don't want to alert the enemy. "

Originally, he had wanted to assassinate these two Barbarian Martial Arts Grandmasters. However, after thinking about the purpose of this trip, he realized that it was to control the Barbarian Tribe Divine Envoy.

He had confidence in what Chen Lingyun could not do. This was because the Faithless Mind Capturing Talisman had been nourished by the heavenly dew and its power had reached its maximum.

If he controlled the Barbarian Tribe Divine Envoy, then all the wealth in the temple would be at his disposal.

"Hold on. The Barbarian Tribe Divine Envoy seems to be communicating with the Evil God. If I control him, will the Evil God interfere? Will that cause my control to fail?

If that happens, not only will I lose the Faithless Mind Capturing Talisman, but I might also die a horrible death. "

Gu Chensha considered many things. In the depths of his mind, he deduced the following plan. He had to consider all the things that were going to happen. As the saying went, the art of war was to plan things from a thousand miles away.

"Let's not care about this for now. I'll go closer and observe." After thinking for a long time, he decided to think of various countermeasures on the spot.

Thus, he was familiar with the route and avoided the layers of patrols. Once again, he approached the place where the Barbarian Tribe Divine Envoy had trained. This time, he did not meet Prince Gu. He guessed that Prince Gu had lost 18 Heavenly Dragon Soul Gathering Flags and was furious. Breathe, breathe …

No one entered the surroundings of the temple where the Barbarian Tribe Divine Envoy resided. It seemed to be a forbidden area. Even the high-level Barbarian Marshals did not dare to disturb it.

The sound of breathing could be heard again. The inside of the palace was pitch-black, and many bubbles emerged. The bubbles were multicolored, gorgeous, and overflowing with color. After rising and falling for a while, they withdrew, and then emerged again, repeating this cycle endlessly.

"Should I hide in the depths of the temple and see what the Barbarian Tribe Divine Envoy looks like?"

Gu Chensha thought about it. He still did not dare to go near the area where the bubbles gathered. He could only wait. He was very patient. He hid in the depths of the Sun Moon Altar and observed the situation.

After some time, the sound of footsteps could be heard. The Barbarian Marshal, who was as tall as a giant, appeared. He did not enter the entrance of the temple. Instead, he knelt on one knee and spoke in the Barbarian language, "Greetings, Lord Divine Envoy."

All the bubbles retracted. A man wrapped in a black robe appeared at the entrance of the pitch-black hall. His face could not be seen clearly. He spoke in a piercing voice, "Marshal Ku Lu, what's the matter?"

"Yes, the Great Wei Dynasty has already transported all the military provisions and wine. Our warriors have already begun to drink it. According to the doctors' observations, although this wine is good, drinking it for a long time will cause one to become addicted. If they do not drink it, they may even feel weak all over and finally go crazy and die."

The Barbarian Marshal Ku Lu reported, "The Great Wei Dynasty has ill intentions. They want to use this to control us. Lord Divine Envoy, what should we do?"

"Our production of the Blood Strengthening Pill is insufficient. It is difficult for the nobles to supply them. For this expedition, relying on the Blood Strengthening Pill will not do.

Only the military provisions and wine can support our march. "The Barbarian Divine Envoy waved his hand," Bring me a gourd of military provisions and wine. " "Yes."

The Barbarian Marshal Ku Lu removed the gourd he carried with him and handed it over respectfully. The Barbarian Divine Envoy opened the gourd and actually drank a mouthful. "This military provisions and wine is good stuff. However, it has been added with an addictive drug. This drug is very unique, but it is also a good medicine. It can raise one's spirit, increase one's stamina, reduce pain, and allow the warriors to kill their enemies bravely on the battlefield without fear.

It is a pity that taking it for a long period of time will harm the body. After becoming addicted, one day of consumption is indispensable.

You do not have to worry about this. I will report this to the Archbishop and let him research an antidote. " "Yes." The Barbarian Marshal Ku Lu asked, "Do the soldiers still need to take it?"

"For the time being, there is no problem. It can also increase one's cultivation. This thing should only become addictive after taking it for two months. At that time, we will have succeeded. As long as we conquer the Great Yongchō and sacrifice all the foolish people, we will be able to strengthen our divine powers and allow our God to accomplish an unprecedented feat."

The Barbarian Divine Envoy threw the gourd to Ku Lu, "Our God gave me instructions yesterday, saying that we need to kill as many people as possible as soon as possible. Our God is already impatient. We need to attack as soon as possible and conquer Ba Nan Province. There are millions of people in this province. If we can kill and sacrifice them all, our God will definitely have more power to do many things. We will also be blessed by God."