Chapter 263
===========

"But we can't kill these two for the time being. If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor wakes up, Eldest Miss wouldn't be able to endure his rage." The servant girl said.

"It's going to be hard for the Heavenly Talisman Emperor to wake up now. But, it's a pity that we do not know where he is in seclusion right now. If only our Wu Family knew about it, we would definitely make a move to refine that man as well. With that, the Wu Family would be able to become the overlords of the Endless Mainland immediately." These words of Wu Dangkong were filled with a deep hatred towards the Heavenly Talisman Emperor as well.

"Eldest Miss must be on guard against Gu Tanjian," said the maid. "This person is sinister and cunning. I'm afraid he might do something detrimental to Eldest Miss." "Gu Tanjian himself is not worth mentioning."

When Wu Dangkong spoke of this person, his tone was obviously disdainful. "However, the power behind this person is quite powerful. However, I have already sent the Wu Clan's experts to investigate."

"Eldest Young Lady, actually, there are benefits to entering the master's study. The Wu Clan's group of old fogeys are paying more attention to us, and they are even assisting Eldest Young Lady in her cultivation," said the servant girl.

"I'm just one step away from mastering the Wu Clan's secret technique, the Endless Sacred Martial Secret Technique. Once I've mastered it, I'll be able to break through the Eighteen Changes Great Path Golden Core Realm and reach the Nineteen Changes. I'll be able to control my size at will. By then, my strength will increase by dozens of times."

Wu Dangkong stood up and said, "We can't wait any longer. I have to find a way to inform Stars Pet Chain Supermarket to cut off Long Yuyun's Frost Jade Dew immediately. I will cooperate with the imperial court and accept the power of Baoyu Country.

I have obtained a lot of good things from the national treasury. As long as I get a lot of jade stones, I can refine them into Ghost Warrior puppets. "

"We will do our best to assist Eldest Miss. If we can control this world, it will be a wonderful thing." The servant girl immediately said.

"Go. Let's stick to the plan. These days, Gu Tanjian has been spreading rumors. I'm afraid the reputation of the Celestial Pacification Department isn't very good." Wu Dangkong waved his hand.

"Not good, eldest miss." Right at this time, another servant girl came in, her expression extremely flustered.

"What is it?" Wu Dangkong sensed that something was wrong.

"Young Master Jing Fanxing was caught on the spot for attempting to assassinate an official of the Celestial Calmness Department.

Under the torture of the Calming Immortal Agency, he confessed that Young Miss He conspired to throw the imperial court into chaos. At the same time, he confessed to many evidence of the Scenic Martial Merchant Association embezzling the national treasury in the past few months. At the same time, Young Master Jing Fanxing confessed to many things that were detrimental to the Young Miss. At this moment, the Calming Immortal Agency is holding a public meeting. Many important people from the newspapers, as well as many scholars and revered scholars, are watching. At this moment, the Calming Immortal Agency has arranged for the news to spread like wildfire. Even the Immortal Dao Sects know about this, "the servant girl said while trembling with fear.

"What? How could such a thing happen? "Wu Dangkong couldn't believe it.

"Indeed, something big has happened."

At this moment, a talisman was transmitted over and burned in front of Wu Dangkong. Gu Tanjian's voice sounded from within, "This matter can no longer be suppressed. I didn't expect Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue to act so quickly. We've miscalculated. The most important thing now is to immediately disassociate ourselves from this matter." After the talisman spoke, it immediately disappeared.

"Dammit!" Wu Dangkong calmed down in the face of a major incident and began to think of a countermeasure.

In the lobby of the Calming Immortal Agency, many scholars from the major newspapers, as well as many famous people, were currently listening to Gu Chensha and Gu Huasha's narration. Three people were sealed inside the lobby: Jing Fanxing, Xiao Wujin, and Jian Chengkong. Their bodies couldn't move, but their mouths could speak, and they were constantly cursing.

They had never suffered such humiliation before. They were proud sons of heaven, people of the Immortal Dao. When had they ever been imprisoned like prisoners and put on public display?

"Ladies and gentlemen, these are the three people who tried to assassinate the Calming Immortal Agency's officials.

We've captured them, "Gu Chensha explained to the crowd." We've already told you the details. These are the confessions from the interrogation, as well as the signatures of these three. You can all take a copy back. "

As he spoke, the people of the Calming Immortal Agency began to distribute the confessions to the crowd.

These confessions naturally contained evidence of how Jing Fanxing had colluded with Wu Dangkong, assassinated the Calming Immortal Agency, and how the Scenic Martial Merchant Association had embezzled the national treasury.

Now that Jing Fanxing had fallen into the hands of Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue, there were many ways to make them sign their names. Not only that, but it was also a fact that these three people had indeed tried to assassinate the officials of the Calming Immortal Agency.

No matter what, Gu Chensha's counterattack this time was extremely incisive. First, he would let the world know that Wu Dangkong had brought calamity to the country and the people. These three people were the best evidence.

Jing Fanxing was Wu Dangkong's fiancé. Many people knew this, and he was also the second-in-name manager of the Scenic Martial Merchant Association. Now that he had confessed, this kind of powerful evidence would definitely convince the world. At least, in terms of public opinion, the Calming Immortal Agency had won.

As for whether Wu Dangkong could still firmly preside over the study, that would depend on the following methods.

At the very least, under this kind of public opinion, this woman could not make any big moves. She had to lay low for a period of time.

The Calming Immortal Agency had been working hard these days, and they had a lot of power. At the very least, it was easy for them to spread the news to the common people, scholars, and the court. Once this public meeting was announced, the news blew up. There was a lot of discussion in the court.

Following that, the National Fortune Party and Wu Dangkong both published statements in many newspapers, saying that Jing Fanxing was slandering them and had nothing to do with these three people. At the same time, they accused the Calming Immortal Agency of framing them.

But this way, it became a war of words. The National Fortune Party and Wu Dangkong had worked together to force the Calming Immortal Agency's plan, but it had no effect at all. Instead, it had become extremely disadvantageous to the public.

There were some aristocratic families among the people who knew about this and were secretly shocked. The Calming Immortal Agency had actually silently captured Jing Fanxing, who was at the Golden Core Dao Realm. This was something that only people who were one or two realms above could do.

Could it be that the Calming Immortal Agency had an expert who had surpassed the 18th Transformation of the Dao Realm?

One had to know that although the Golden Core of the Dao Realm was strong, its physical body was still relatively weak. But once it reached the 19th transformation, it would be very difficult to kill it.

For example, if you reached the 19th transformation and your body became the size of a sesame seed, where couldn't you go?

Moreover, the Calming Immortal Agency had people secretly spread the news that the three of them had been trapped by the Ten Thousand Star Flying Immortal Technique and that it was the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong who had done it.

This was also a strategy. If the people from the three big sects, the Black Heaven Earth Sect, the Nine Swords Mystical Sect, and the Crimson Firmament Sect wanted to do anything, they would have to think it over. After all, Wen Hong's cultivation was comparable to that of a god.

Gu Chensha and the others worked together. They roped in the officials of the imperial court, ostracized Wu Dangkong, and attacked the people wantonly. In the Immortal Dao, they used Wen Hong to suppress the few great mysterious sects, making them not dare to act rashly.

The moment these methods were used, many Saint families became wary. Originally, the Calming Immortal Agency was a piece of juicy meat that many powers wanted to swallow up. When the Heaven Talisman Emperor was around, no one dared to act rashly. But now that he was in secluded meditation, many rumors were bad for the court. This caused many people to be tempted to act.

If the Heaven Talisman Emperor wasn't in secluded meditation, Jing Fanxing wouldn't even think about dealing with the Calming Immortal Agency. He would just hide far away.

"Shhh …"

This storm lasted for a month, and the common people and the imperial court were all discussing it. Wu Dang Kong and Gu Zhan Jian had indeed withdrawn their banners and drums, like turtles hiding in their shells. But Gu Chensha wasn't able to deal any real damage to them.

After all, to fully investigate the two of them, they had to wait for the Heaven Talisman Emperor to come out of secluded meditation. They could only influence public opinion and at the same time, attack their prestige.

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue quietly observed the changes during this month. At the same time, they added fuel to the fire.

Seeing that things were developing in the direction of the Calming Immortal Agency, the two of them heaved a sigh of relief.

Of course, while adding fuel to the fire, the two of them didn't slack off. They continued to cultivate and study the changes.

Apart from the Common People Mending Heaven Technique, there were also the mysteries of the Ten Thousand Star Flying Celestial Technique and the Heaven Demon Book.

The Ten Thousand Star Flying Celestial Technique contained the mysteries of the stars. If they could find these things, they would be able to find clues about the people who reincarnated from the stars.

Calming Immortal Agency had two things to do. One was to contact the Celestial Path to collect taxes and the other was to collect the reincarnated people.

The reincarnated person of Wuqu Star was taken away by Chang Weiyang. Even Fa Wuxian couldn't do anything about it. Gu Chensha couldn't even think about taking it back. Now, they could only deduce the reincarnated people of other stars and strike first.

During this comprehension process, Lou Baiyue successfully broke through and reached the Dao Realm Sixteen Transformation, Reincarnation. This meant that one could casually steal someone else's body. The core of this transformation was that one's soul had reached a level where one could merge with everything in the world. One would be able to have a really high compatibility with everything in the world.

At this stage, even if one didn't abandon their body to steal someone else's body, the treasure's strength would be much stronger than before. God Power was compatible with any treasure. Any treasure that was activated by the soul would slowly be able to coordinate with one's soul and reach a state where everything in the world was in harmony.

But Gu Chensha didn't break through. He was now at the Dao Realm Eleven Transformation, Soul Tentacle.

He used his soul power to come into contact with everything and sense the truth of the world. He needed to accumulate for a period of time and stabilize his foundations.

He was a person who liked to do things slowly. When he cultivated, he was really meticulous and didn't want to be greedy. His cultivation conditions and resources were something that even Celestial Path Sect Leader's son couldn't compare to. With such resources, naturally, he wasn't willing to give up any chance to cultivate.

Using Lou Baiyue's God Slaughtering Energy, he converted the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy in his body into Heaven Repairing Energy. Like that, it had nothing to do with the Son of Heaven Sealing Technique.

Originally, the Son of Heaven Sealing Technique's Sun and Moon Dragon Energy was the top technique in the world. Gu Chensha's Common People Heaven Repairing Technique wasn't worth mentioning at all. The conversion of the energy would cause Gu Chensha's cultivation to drop by at least 10 times.