Chapter 223
===========

The Sun and Moon Note of the Son of Heaven Investiture Technique was mysterious and unfathomable. It used a certain law in the unseen world to do all kinds of incredible things. Gu Chensha used the Jade Transformation Note to turn jade into nectar. In ancient times, when the Son of Heaven held banquets with his officials, they would drink nectar.

As soon as the Jade Transformation Note was inserted into the jade mountain, the fist-sized jade mountain began to glow and soften.

"Good stuff."

Gu Chensha immediately took it and wrapped it in his Connate energy. He found that the fist-sized jade indeed turned into nectar.

There was only one drop of nectar, and it had shrunk a lot. It seemed like the essence of jade was concentrated and refined. The rest turned into powder and scattered in the sea.

"I can't believe a fist-sized jade can be refined into a drop of nectar. The quality of this jade mountain is shocking."

Gu Chensha had read that when the Son of Heaven refined nectar, he needed tens of thousands of kilograms of jade to get one drop. The higher the quality of the jade, the more effective the nectar would be.

According to the ancient books, the nectar was divided into nine levels, from One Heaven Nectar to Nine Heaven Nectar. This meant that if one looked closely, there seemed to be a layer of heaven in one drop of nectar. The highest level nectar had nine layers of heaven, so it was called Nine Heaven Nectar.

At this moment, Gu Chensha looked at the drop of nectar and found that there were seven layers of clouds hidden in it. It seemed like there were seven layers of heaven. Seven Heaven Nectar.

"The Third Heaven Nectar is comparable to the Heavenly Dew. The Seventh Heaven Nectar is only produced in the Godly Nation."

Gu Chensha studied it and was overjoyed. "What kind of jade mountain is this? The quality of the jade is so good that it can probably make all the cultivators in the world go crazy."

Just as he was about to start collecting again, black smoke suddenly rose from the depths of the jade mountain. A will that blotted out the sky and the earth slammed into Gu Chensha's mind. If it weren't for the protection of the Sacrificial Talisman, his soul would have been destroyed by this attack.

Even so, his soul was deeply pierced, and he almost couldn't control his Connate energy. The Xuan Wu dissipated, and the huge pressure of the sea immediately pressed on him. Blood seeped out of his orifices.

"Black Yellow Pill!"

At this moment, a Black Yellow Pill in the depths of his Dragon's Gate melted. The powerful medicinal power instantly circulated through his body, and all of his injuries were healed. The Black Tortoise condensed once again.

"What exactly happened?" He was horrified.

"Hahaha …" At this moment, a picture appeared in his mind. There seemed to be some kind of evil and powerful existence under the jade mountain. In the boundless black gas, there was a hideous head pierced through by jade chains, its seven orifices. The jade chains penetrated deep into the jade mountain, making it impossible for the head to escape.

This head was extremely huge, almost the size of a city. Its face was terrifying, and its facial features were twisted with incomparable anger. It seemed like it was still alive. That thought just now had come from this giant head.

Moreover, some remnant thoughts had entered Gu Chensha's mind, allowing Gu Chensha to see this scene.

"What the hell is this?"

Even though Gu Chensha was brave, he was still horrified. That city-sized head was definitely an unparalleled demon or god. The aura it gave off was something that even Grand Tutor Wen Hong couldn't compare to.

"Someone actually used a Metamorphosis Talisman to melt the Yong Chang Jade Mountain suppressing me. That must be the birth of the Heavenly Talisman. The Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art has appeared in the world again. My Xing Qiong Clan can finally rise again." That thought was trying to occupy Gu Chensha's mind and steal his soul.

"It's actually the most ferocious person in the Divine Prefecture recorded in the ancient books, Xing Qiong Clan." Gu Chensha fled with all his might. He recalled many ancient records. The Xuan Wu baby also said, "Go, go!" Gu Chensha leaped up and rushed upwards with all his might, wanting to leave this place.

Luckily, the head seemed to be unable to break free from the suppression of the jade mountain. Once he left the range of the jade mountain, the thought could no longer affect him.

Desperately leaping out of the sea, Gu Chensha flew into the sky, far away from this sea region, and only calmed down when he reached land.

"The most ferocious person in the Divine Prefecture, Xing Qiong Clan, actually exists here." Gu Chensha couldn't believe it.

According to the ancient records, the most ferocious person in the Divine Prefecture in the ancient times was Xing Qiong Clan. This person wreaked havoc in the world and killed several ancient emperors. The ancient emperors would abdicate, not inherit the position after the death of the father.

Therefore, there would often be a few generations of emperors coexisting in the world every few centuries.

Xing Qiong Clan had wreaked havoc for a long time, and even the emperors couldn't suppress it, and a few of them were killed.

Later on, several generations of ancient Heavenly Sons joined hands, along with many deities, and even some extremely ancient existences in the Immortal Dao joined hands to set up a great formation. Only then did they break him into pieces. Then, they suppressed his body in many places, not allowing him to gather again. Gu Chensha had always thought that this was just an unreliable legend.

Who would have thought that when he explored the underwater jade mountain, he would actually discover the head of the most ferocious person in the Divine Prefecture suppressed here?

"This isn't good news.

Could it be that I was greedy for treasures and used a Jade Talisman to melt a small piece of jade, causing a tiny flaw in the formation that suppresses it? "

Gu Chensha felt bad just thinking about it. His cultivation had been increasing rapidly recently, and he was quite heroic, but he didn't expect to meet such an existence.

This was a person who could even kill ancient emperors, and even kill a few of them, turning the Divine Prefecture upside down. It had the bearing of the current Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

"I should go back and write a memorial to my father. If such a ferocious person were to be born, wouldn't Baoyu Nation be reduced to ashes immediately?" Gu Chensha took a long time to calm himself down. He felt like he was in a dream while exploring the bottom of the sea. When he returned to the Frost Jade Dew Residence, Gu Chensha began to think deeply.

There were many relics and jade mines around Baoyu Nation, but he wasn't in the mood to mine them. Since the head of the most ferocious person in the Divine Prefecture was sealed, there must be other seals in the surrounding seas. If he accidentally broke them, he would definitely be in big trouble.

"Could it be that the Great Wei Dynasty is actually going to release the most ferocious person in the Divine Prefecture, Xing Qiongshi?"

Gu Chensha frowned. "With such a hidden danger sealed at the bottom of the sea, even if Baoyu Nation were to be appeased, it wouldn't be safe. However, I can't write a memorial to my father now. Ever since that disaster, my father has been in closed-door cultivation. I should inform Baiyue first. "

At that moment, he used the Universe Box to send an urgent message. "Something big has happened, come quickly."

He usually didn't send messages easily, so if Lou Baiyue received the message, she would definitely rush over.

Sure enough, after waiting in the residence for four hours, the front of him suddenly shook, and a person appeared. It was Lou Baiyue.

Lou Baiyue's speed was simply astonishing. It only took her four hours to come from the Barbarian Land. Of course, this was the magical effect of her activating the Ten Thousand Miles Flying Cloud Flag.

"What's wrong? What trouble have you encountered?

Could it be that the powerhouses of the Taiyi Fantasy Sect and the Great Wei Dynasty are making things difficult for you? "

The moment Lou Baiyue appeared, she hurriedly asked. However, her eyes were filled with shock. "Your aptitude has reached the level of a peerless genius? You've cultivated the Glass Jade Body and improved so quickly? What the hell happened? "

"If it was the powerhouses of the Great Wei Dynasty and the Taiyi Fantasy Sect, I wouldn't bother you at all. However, I'm afraid that only my father can solve this problem today. However, my father is often in closed-door cultivation. Nobody knows when he will come out. Only you and I can know this secret. "

Gu Chensha first told her how he had subdued Gu Huo, seized his Jindan and Heavenly Dragon Spirit-Gathering Flag, the imperial edict, and the six-star Dragon Lord Seal absorbing the Emperor's Qi as a sacrifice. Finally, he told her about his encounter with the most ferocious person in the Divine Prefecture, Xing Qiong.

"What?"

When Lou Baiyue heard that Gu Chensha had subdued Gu Huo, she was a bit shocked. When she heard about the most ferocious person in the Divine Prefecture, Xing Qiong, she almost lost her composure. After a long while, she recovered her composure. "This is indeed a big thing. The most ferocious person in the Divine Prefecture, Xing Qiong, has appeared. I'm afraid even the real gods would be scared out of their wits." "What should we do now? I can't handle this. "Gu Chensha was really at his wit's end.

"I can't help it either."

Lou Baiyue thought for a while and frowned. "Not to mention you and me, even the heads of the 72 sects of the Immortal Dao and the real gods can't do anything about it. In the legends, the most ferocious person in the Divine Prefecture, Xing Qiong, slaughters gods like killing chickens. Even several ancient emperors have fallen because of him. I think only Your Majesty can suppress him at his peak."

"If it was simple, I wouldn't bother you at all. Even if I face a Golden Dan Great Dao expert, I have a way to fight him." Gu Chensha's eyes lit up. He could tell that Lou Baiyue's cultivation had improved a lot.

Lou Baiyue's body was like that of a ghost or a god. Her movements were erratic like there was something forming within her body and it was about to fly out at any moment. This was the 14th transformation of the Dao Realm, the Primordial Spirit Leaving Body Realm.

When they separated not long ago, Lou Baiyue was still at the 12th transformation of the Soul Tentacle. In just a short month, she actually improved by two transformations. Such speed was just unbelievable.

Of course, Gu Chensha himself had also advanced by two realms. Most importantly, he had improved his aptitude to that of a peerless genius.

However, Lou Baiyue's talent seemed to be even higher. Although she was also a top genius, there seemed to be a huge change at any moment. She would step into Fa Wuxian's level, which was a Natural Saint.

"I have gained some insights in cultivation and it is all thanks to your Sun and Moon Dragon Handle."

Lou Baiyue circulated her energy. "Our cultivation has improved greatly this month, so we can cultivate again. We can only wait for the Emperor to come out of secluded meditation to decide about the top killer Xing Qiong Family. Now, it is best to raise our strength. " "Okay, that is the only way."

Gu Chensha sat down cross-legged and placed his palms against Lou Baiyue's. Immediately, their Stellar Energies blended together. Both of them were so comfortable that they almost moaned. As their Stellar Energies blended together, a new mutation occurred.

Especially since Lou Baiyue had actually cultivated the 14th transformation of the Primordial Spirit Leaving Body Realm. That meant that she had the true power of a god. Moreover, it was mental energy that could interfere with the real world.

The biggest benefit of the Primordial Spirit Leaving Body Realm wasn't that she could use it to attack others but that she could use it to activate treasures. The strength of the treasures would increase by many times.

Gu Chensha came into contact with Lou Baiyue's soul and instantly noticed many things that he didn't understand. The two of them started to communicate spiritually.