Chapter 617
===========

Gu Chensha and Longevity God each had their own ulterior motives, but they admired one another. Luckily, Gu Chensha understood Longevity God's personality, cultivation, and all sorts of secrets. Longevity God couldn't see through Gu Chensha's Heaven Path Technique's cultivation at all.

Let's put it this way. Even if Longevity God was told that this Ghost Cry was Gu Chensha's transformation, he wouldn't be able to find any flaws even if he used all his skills. The Heaven Path gave birth to all things. It wasn't fake, it was real.

Gu Chensha's transformation would never change. He was real, so how could others see through his disguise?

For example, he could turn stone into gold and turn stone into gold. Then, it would become real gold and it wouldn't change. It wouldn't change back to its original form as time passed. This was the terrifying part of the Heaven Path Technique.

If the Heaven Path said that you were real, then you were real. If it said that you were fake, then you were fake.

The two of them flew in the air and stopped occasionally. They spent three days and three nights passing dozens of provinces before arriving at the old capital city.

Based on the flying speed of Dao Realm Nine Transformations and Ten Transformations, that was about the same speed. This was because at such a realm, there was a limit to Xiantian Earth Energy and one couldn't fly for a long time. After flying a few thousand miles, one had to stop to breathe.

Only when one reached the Great Dao Realm Golden Core would one be able to compress Xiantian Earth Energy and turn it into higher quality Core Energy. The moment the Golden Core appeared, the speed at which spiritual energy was absorbed would greatly increase. The two of them slowly landed near the Frost Jade Mountain outside of the Old Capital City.

Cold Jade Mountain stretched for hundreds of miles and was filled with beautiful scenery. There were many deep pools and waterfalls. In the depths of the mountain, there was a Ten Thousand Year Cold Jade Mine that flowed out slowly. This cold spring water was clean and nourishing. It was filled with thick spiritual energy and also had the essence of cold jade. It was used by the royal family.

When Gu Chensha was young, he could see many carts carrying water going in and out of the palace gate every day. Originally, he was given a portion of the cold spring water every day, but every time, the eunuchs would steal it and sell it. Instead, he was given normal water. Recalling the events of that time, Gu Chensha felt quite interested.

At that time, he had endured silently and secretly studied and practiced martial arts, cultivating a tenacious and indomitable character. If not for the foundation he had laid down when he was young, he probably wouldn't have been able to develop so quickly after obtaining the Heavenly Talisman in the 14th year.

"The Spirit Qi around Frost Jade Mountain is abundant, so there are fewer impurities. Let's rest here for a while."

Gu Chensha landed at the edge and found a clean spot. He sat down cross-legged and prepared to accumulate the Innate Gang Qi in his body again. His acting skills were superb, and these days, he had completely bewitched Longevity God.

This was also a type of cultivation, comparing the details with Longevity God, allowing one's comprehension of the Heavenly Dao to become more profound.

In these three days, Gu Chensha thoroughly understood all the memories and insights of the Dharma Saint. There was no longer any fog in his mind.

As soon as he sat down, he suddenly felt that he had some kind of mysterious connection with the old capital. The Divine Great Land was inseparable from him. With this place as the center, all the dimensions were derived. As for the Great Massacre Divine Art, his comprehension deepened by another level.

At this time, he unknowingly broke through to the Undying Body of the 25th Transformation of the Dao Realm.

The moment he comprehended and broke through, the Common People's Marshals who were patrolling all over the Central Divine Continent, the 99 states, and even many cities in the Wilderness immediately sensed it.

These Common People's Marshals also broke through. As light flashed, the huge power in their bodies transformed, merging with the Tree of Wishes. Power tore through the air, and they all reached the Undying Body of the 25th Transformation.

What kind of concept was the Undying Body of the 25th Transformation? Back then, the ape race's leader, Ape Huang, was also of the Vajra Art quality. With his cultivation at the 25th Transformation, he led the ape race and was all-powerful among the demon race.

And now, the Common People's Marshal was at the fifth level of the True Dragon Art. He also had an Undying Body. If one Common People's Marshal fought, four or five Ape Huang wouldn't be his match.

In other words, 360 Common People's Marshals were equivalent to more than 1,000 ape race leaders. Such a huge force could be said to be heaven-defying.

More importantly, the Common People's Marshal's essence was the Emperor's Heavenly Weapon and the jade mountain that suppressed the Xing Qiong Clan. It was practically indestructible.

After being baptized by Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Technique, the Common People's Marshal's combat methods were endless, and he could even use the Divine Continent Grand Technique.

The 360 Common People's Marshals had become Undying Body experts, and their ability to suppress the world had increased by a lot.

The Common People's Marshal was already connected to Gu Chensha, and was equivalent to his life puppet. As long as Gu Chensha increased his cultivation, these Common People's Marshals could also increase their strength.

"That's right, we can't get too close to the Ice Jade Mountain."

Longevity God pointed into the distance, "Although the imperial court moved the capital to outside the pass, there are still a large number of people coming to fetch water every day, and they use flying boats to transport it to the capital outside the pass. This place is sealed by the army, and there are experts guarding it. The commander of the army here is a disciple of the Yu Clan, called Yuhuan Lu. She is the cousin of the current Tranquil Immortal Department's Yu Han Lu, a member of the Yu Clan of the Yu Clan.

She was taught the Dragon Raising Technique and Dragon Making Technique, and has already raised her aptitude to the peak of genius. She might have also stepped into the realm of peerless geniuses. Her cultivation is probably at the 14 transformations, and her primordial spirit has left her body. If we are discovered, it will be troublesome. "

Gu Chensha said, "It's the Ice Jade Mountain's water, which is the best in the world. It can be used to refine pills, concoct medicine, brew wine, and drink it. There are even more secrets in the depths of the ten-thousand-year-old Ice Jade Ore. There might be fortuitous encounters here, and I feel that the fortune here is much denser than that Jiang Province's Fugui Mountain."

This hundred-mile Ice Jade Mountain had been guarded by the army in the first year of Heavenly Talisman Era, ensuring the palace's water supply.

After the capital was moved, not only did this place not become deserted, but it was guarded even more intensely.

Calmness Immortal Department then firmly grasped this Ice Jade Spring in their hands. Through the merchant association, they sold this spring water to the common people, earning a lot of money to replenish the national treasury.

When Wu Dangkong was supervising the country, he had always wanted to excavate this Ice Jade Spring and wantonly destroy it, but Calmness Immortal Department stopped him.

Now, the guard here was indeed called Yuhuan Lu, a member of the Yu Clan, and also a member of Calmness Immortal Department. Gu Chensha had never seen this woman before, but Lou Baiyue and The Fourth had met her before, so she should be a reliable person.

However, Longevity Immortal God even knew about this, showing how deep his intelligence research was. He had long had the intention to target Calmness Immortal Department.

"Brother Yiku, these days, your demonic path techniques have gradually faded, and your immortal path cultivation has become more profound. You can actually vaguely sense the existence of fortune?" Longevity Immortal God asked.

"Recently, I've gained a lot of insights, mainly from Brother Wulu's conversation. Brother Wulu's understanding of fortune and fate is far above mine."

Gu Chensha said, "After resting, we're full of energy and Astral Qi. Why don't we explore this Ice Jade Mountain? I once obtained a hidden treasure that can avoid being discovered.

Rumor has it that this Ice Jade Mountain belonged to an immortal path sect, the Imperial Jade Sect. Because they resisted Yongchō, they were destroyed by Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. Later, Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor used some magical techniques to reforge this Ice Jade Mountain, leaving behind many ancient ruins and treasures. There might even be Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's treasures.

If we can obtain them, I'm afraid we can immediately move unhindered under the heavens and become invincible. " "How could it be so simple?" Longevity Immortal God laughed involuntarily.

Suddenly, a figure appeared behind him. Ordinary cultivators wouldn't be able to see this figure, but Gu Chensha did.

"Oh?

This god really has some thoughts about this Ice Jade Mountain. "Gu Chensha knew that this was one of Longevity Immortal God's magical techniques, called the" Three Lights Observation Technique ". It could see through fortune, longevity, and fortune. In the future, all kinds of paths to riches and honor.

Longevity Immortal God thought that Gu Chensha couldn't see it, but he didn't know that Gu Chensha had secretly learned some of his techniques.

If they stayed together for another ten days or half a month, some of Longevity Immortal God's secret techniques wouldn't be able to escape Gu Chensha's prying eyes.

Thinking about it, even the Dharma Saint fell into Gu Chensha's trap and had his memory and essence peeped, let alone Longevity Immortal God.

Longevity Immortal God looked at it for a long time and nodded inwardly, thinking, "This place is indeed full of good fortune and can't be underestimated. It's much richer than the Riches and Honor Mountain. I'm afraid in the coming days, there will be a major fortuitous encounter, even surpassing the True God Realm.

If I hadn't obtained the Lu Shen Orthodoxy and fused the three fates into one, I'm afraid I wouldn't have the ability to see through this kind of good fortune. If I wait here quietly, maybe I can get a chance and become a Saint in one fell swoop!

Right now, the Heavenly Dao's restraint is only half of what it used to be. I need to seize this opportunity to advance, lest the Heavenly Dao is restored in the future and the order is strengthened, then there will be no hope. " God Realm experts could feel the loosening of the Heavenly Dao's rules.

"Huh?"

While the two were observing the movements of the Cold Jade Mountain, night gradually fell. Suddenly, a faint light flickered in the depths of the Cold Jade Mountain.

"Seems like a treasure has appeared?" The two immediately flew into the sky and looked again.

In the inner mountain of the Cold Jade Mountain, there were nine Great Cold Ponds. The water of the Cold Ponds was jade-green all year round. In the depths of the Cold Ponds, spring water kept surging up.

No one knew how deep the Cold Ponds were. Even on a hot day, cold air would come out. If the birds in the sky were too close to the Cold Ponds, they would freeze and fall.

In the depths of the Cold Ponds, one could see the huge Profound Ice Cold Jade. It was deep and strange, as if it led to another world.

The deeper one went into the Cold Ponds, the colder it got. The cold air could exceed the limit. Rumor had it that many years ago, there were Gold Core experts who went down to explore, but they were all frozen and disappeared without a trace.

The spring water that flowed out of the Cold Ponds was crystal clear. After boiling, it looked like pearls jumping around, emitting a cold fragrance.