Chapter 264
===========

Three hundred and sixty Heaven Mending Divine Generals were operating in the Dragon Gate, setting up all kinds of formations to refine their essence energy and purify their innate energy. It was like three hundred and sixty experts of the Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body were refining at all times.

Because these Heaven Mending Divine Generals were refined by Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue, their bodies were also filled with Heaven Mending True Qi. They absorbed Spiritual Energy and through the Dragon Gate's circulation, they turned it into Heaven Mending Earth Energy, expanding the scale of the Dragon Gate and making it even more mysterious.

The Heaven Mending Divine Generals circulated their energy according to Gu Chensha's Common People Heaven Mending Technique. The Heaven Mending Divine Generals' wills were the same as Gu Chensha's, as if they were born from the same body. Only such a puppet could unleash its true power.

As for the Celestial Soldier of the Saint Dragon, it was refined by an ancient expert using the True Technique of the Saint Dragon. Only someone who also cultivated the True Technique of the Saint Dragon could unleash its full power.

Gu Chensha's Common People Heaven Mending Technique wasn't compatible with the Celestial Soldier of the Saint Dragon. There were many flaws when he circulated it, and he couldn't control it as he wished.

But now, as he breathed, these 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals were like organs in his body, but they had their own independent actions. They could split and combine as he wished, and a mysterious feeling was born.

Especially as Gu Chensha comprehended the mysteries, the 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals were cultivating at all times. Their Heaven Mending Spirit Energy circulated together, forming a giant furnace in the depths of the Dragon Gate.

This furnace wasn't the Sun and Moon Furnace, but the Heaven Mending Furnace that Gu Chensha had comprehended.

He had obtained Wen Hong's guidance and comprehended all sorts of secret techniques. He was also an unparalleled genius, so the Common People Heaven Mending Technique slowly started to become perfect and flawless.

At this moment, his Common People Heaven Mending Technique had completely surpassed Gu Huo's Nine Disaster Calamity Transformation.

The Heaven Mending Furnace in the depths of the Dragon Gate was constantly absorbing the power of the stars, combining and refining them, turning them into liquid.

This star liquid was the Heaven Mending Liquid, and it was really mysterious. Although it couldn't compare to the Heaven Dew and Sun and Moon Dragon Blood, as Gu Chensha's cultivation grew, sooner or later, it would completely surpass them.

The Heaven Replenishing Liquid was absorbed by the 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals, slowly strengthening their bodies.

They were now at Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body Realm. If they wanted to advance to Dao Realm Ten Transformation One Heart Realm, then Gu Chensha had to improve his own cultivation to give them more spirituality.

Logically speaking, it was impossible for a cultivator to create a puppet that surpassed their own realm. In fact, it was impossible for a cultivator to create a puppet that was on the same level as their own. For example, at the 11th Transformation of the Dao Realm, Soul Tentacles, one could at most create a puppet that was at the 3rd or 4th Transformation of the Dao Realm. Then, they would need to collect materials and slowly nourish it with their own earth energy and spiritual energy. Only after eight to ten years would they be able to create one.

Gu Chensha was able to create the Heaven Mending Divine Generals mainly because of the mysteries of the Common People Heaven Mending Technique, the Dragon Gate's strong swallowing ability, Buzhou Palace's invincible crafting ability, and also Lou Baiyue, who cultivated the Great Massacre God Technique. Only then would he be able to create such a heaven-defying ability.

Gu Chensha casually activated it and was filled with delight. If the 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals were released, in just a few days, they would be able to create an unparalleled giant formation.

Moreover, these Heaven Mending Divine Generals were smarter than the 1,000-year bone monsters. They could manage, farm, refine, and all sorts of other jobs. They could even treat illnesses and gather materials.

The problem of not having enough people in his land was solved right away. Now, he didn't need to build buildings, build roads, open mountains, and break rivers.

Gu Chensha calculated the stars in the sky and at the same time, he calculated the fate of the country and observed the aura of all living beings in the world.

The fate of the world was really confusing and it was split into many parts. The Dynasty had the largest portion and the Saint Worlds had a small portion.

Gu Chensha's Soul Tentacles spread out and charged into the sky. He could see that the entire Dayong Dynasty's fate was still rising. As long as it was Dayong Dynasty's land, it would be covered in a patch of gold like it was a god country in the sky.

Logically speaking, when the world was in chaos and the people had no way to live, black energy would appear. That would be the grievances and suffering of the people. Now, the people were happy and satisfied, which was why the fate was golden.

Only after he formed the Soul Tentacles and used his own Spiritual Sense to sense it did Gu Chensha know how strong the Yongchō was. A strong sense of responsibility rose up in his heart.

Such a beautiful world, such a picturesque landscape, he definitely wouldn't allow anyone to destroy it. He was willing to sacrifice himself to protect it. To use common people to mend the heavens, to sacrifice oneself for the people.

Gu Chensha's heart was pumped up and the Heaven Mending Energy started to circulate faster and faster.

"Division Heads, the Black Heaven Earth Sect's Qingyao is here to discuss some matters."

On this day, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue, the Fourth, were reading documents and discussing various matters of the Calming Immortal Department. Suddenly, Jin Suibo came in with a report.

"The Black Heaven Earth Sect has finally sent someone?" Gu Chensha seemed to have expected this.

These days, he had captured Jing Fanxing, Jian Chengkong, and Xiao Wujin to make a big deal out of it, attacking Wu Dangkong and Gu Tanjian so much that they didn't dare to come out. The Calming Immortal Department had the upper hand in public opinion, so they took advantage of the situation to expand.

Jin Suibo took the opportunity to push out a newspaper called the Calming Immortal News. It contained all sorts of interesting news, as well as minor pill refining techniques. At the same time, it discussed the world's events and publicized how the Calming Immortal Department had been collecting taxes from the immortal dao to subsidize the national treasury, making the Imperial Court rich and doing many things for the people.

This way, everyone in the world would know whether or not the Calming Immortal Department was useful and how much merit they had.

Naturally, many knowledgeable people would understand that if the Calming Immortal Department really collected taxes from the Celestial Dao to subsidize the Imperial Court, then how prosperous would the country be and how peaceful would the people be? That was indeed the case.

The Celestial Tax collected by the Calming Immortal Department was equivalent to the annual income of the national treasury.

Since the Calming Immortal Department collected taxes from the Celestial Dao, the Imperial Court started to reduce taxes on the people.

Those struggling commoners had to pay heavy taxes in the past. Now, they were all exempted and they were even given subsidies.

Before the Calming Immortal Department was established, the Imperial Court couldn't afford such a huge expenditure. Now that they had the Calming Immortal Department's talent, it was more than enough.

Everyone understood how much potential the Celestial Dao had. For example, any random Dao Realm Transformation Seven Cultivator could produce tens of thousands of commoners.

Gu Chensha was really satisfied with the Calming Immortal Department's development. The only obstacle was that the three Mysterious Sects definitely wouldn't give up on their three disciples. Sooner or later, they would send people over, so he was always on guard. Now that he heard that someone from Black Heaven Earth Sect had come, he heaved a sigh of relief.

"This Qingyao isn't simple."

Jin Suibo reminded, "That year, when the Emperor entered the Heaven and Earth Sect, she was the one who brought him. She is the most important elder of Heaven and Earth Sect and her cultivation can compare to many old antiques. She definitely can't be underestimated." "She has such an identity?"

Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and the Fourth all looked at one another. If that was the case, then Qingyao was really terrifying and tough to deal with.

"Since she came to visit, then we can't be angry at her." After thinking about it, Lou Baiyue made the decision. "Since that is the case, then the three of us will go welcome her."

The three of them came to the entrance and saw a girl wearing green clothes. She was really ethereal and green energy wrapped around her body like she was gathering all the Yi Wood Energy in the area.

Gu Chensha sensed that there was an aura similar to the Xuanwu God Beast on her body. But the Xuanwu was of the water element and this girl was of the wood element.

"Azure Dragon!" Gu Chensha immediately guessed that this girl was backed by the Azure Dragon Sacred Beast.

"The three of you must be the three department heads of the Calming Immortal Department. You are indeed young and promising. It was worth it for Trampling Immortal to pick you. "

Qingyao nodded. "As an elder of the Heaven and Earth Sect, I won't hide my purpose here. I want to take away Jing Fanxing, Xiao Wujin, and Jian Chengkong. What do you say?"

"These three assassinated an official of the imperial court and violated the law. I'm afraid we can't let them go so easily. We'll have to hand them over to the Emperor."

Lou Baiyue flatly refused, "Elder Qingyao and His Majesty had a close relationship back then, so you should know His Majesty's temper." "Of course I didn't come empty-handed."

Qingyao waved her hand. "I've brought a piece of Azure Dragon Divine Wood. It should be enough to compensate for their losses." "Azure Dragon Divine Wood?"

On the other hand, Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha's expressions changed slightly. The ancient Azure Dragon was the head of the Four Divine Beasts, and the Yi Wood Qi possessed supreme miraculous effects of creation. It could bring the dead back to life and repair everything. The Azure Dragon Divine Wood was an ancient divine wood that had been nurtured in the Azure Dragon's lair for many years. As long as one obtained a piece of it, it could be fused with any treasures. If it was fused with one's own Qi of Divinity, it would possess supreme nourishing effects.

Who would've thought that the Black Heaven and Earth Sect would pay such a huge price for these three?

"Very well. Since the Black Heaven and Earth Sect is so straightforward, the Calming Immortal Department won't say anything else. We'll give Elder Qingyao some face." Lou Baiyue thought for a moment and agreed so quickly that Qingyao smiled.

"You're indeed a heroine. So straightforward. This is the Azure Dragon Divine Wood."

Qingyao shook her hand, and a beam of azure light appeared in the Calming Immortal Department's courtyard. It turned into a pillar as thick as a house beam. Azure light pulsed, and draconic energy boiled as if it wanted to soar beyond the nine heavens.

"Chensha, let them go." Lou Baiyue nodded without batting an eyelid.

Gu Chensha waved his hand, and a nebula floated up from inside the Calming Immortal Department. It wrapped around the three and brought them to Qingyao.

"The Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art has reached such a high level of mastery. Looks like Wen Hong did indeed personally impart his skills to you."

Qingyao's expression changed. With a wave of her hand, the three disappeared without a trace. She then nodded and said, "The world is changing. Immortals, demons, gods, and demons are restless. The Immortal Trampling Art is about to go out of control. If the three of you find it hard to protect yourselves, come find me at the Black Heaven and Earth Sect. Wen Hong is also a Tribulation Taker and may not be able to protect you. Plus, he's just using you. " "Thank you, but I won't see you out." Lou Baiyue didn't want to say anything else to Qingyao.