Chapter 320
===========

"Don't attack first. I don't believe that Gu Chensha will let the demon take his soul and flesh just like that. He definitely has a trump card."

Gu Xuansha seemed to have read Wu Dangkong's mind. "Zhuge Ya, the Lord of Seven Stars of the Celestial Calmness Bureau, is a shrewd schemer. He gave Gu Chensha an idea. He definitely won't let him die in vain.

"Of course I know that. Moreover, Gu Chensha isn't simple either. He won't put himself in danger."

Wu Dang Kong sneered. "I've studied his information before. Back then, he was just a prince who was ostracized. He had a fortuitous encounter in the fourteenth year of Heavenly Talisman, and now, six years have already passed. To think that he has grown to such a realm. His actions are definitely not simple. The Celestial Tranquility Department can be said to be created by him. How could such a character die in the hands of the monsters? Even if the demon is a 20th transformation expert. I want to see how this kid will turn the tables. " "The moment he turns the tables, we can attack."

Gu Xuansha laughed. "We have helped him a lot these days, so we should have collected some interest. If we hadn't urged the demons to swarm over and he went to capture them himself, how could the Sky Demon Tree have cultivated so quickly?" "There are two more here, so we can't be careless."

Wu Dangkong deduced, "One of them is probably stronger than both of us. It has probably reached Dao Realm 22, Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth. When it reaches this realm, its body can change at will. It can turn into stone, tree, animal, and we won't even know if it gets close to us."

"Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth is used to form all things in the world. Even I haven't broken through to this realm." Gu Xuansha sighed. "Reaching this realm is a whole new world."

"Dao Realm 6 cultivates Astral Energy, Dao Realm 14 forms the Yuan Soul, and Dao Realm 20 forms gathering and dispersing. It combines Astral Energy, the body, and the Yuan Soul into one to turn it into spiritual power. It is so mysterious that it is hard to describe with words." Wu Dangkong pointed out the mysteries of cultivation. At this moment, Gu Chensha was in danger.

The Dao Realm Transformation 20 demon entered his body and controlled him. It started to refine him and he was unable to block it with his own strength. Even if he borrowed the Seven-Colored Demon Vine's strength, it was useless.

"This Dharmic power is indeed above Essence Soul power."

Gu Chensha was restrained. He felt like he was in purgatory, and the depths of his consciousness were a sea of lava. However, he did not panic at all. Instead, he circulated his Stellar Energy and Nascent Divinity to resist.

What he used was the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Technique's Sun and Moon Refinement, which was to refine the monsters that had entered his body.

However, this demon was at the 20th transformation of the Dao Realm, Gather and Disperse Impermanence Realm. He had already merged his physical body, astral energy, and essence spirit into one, forming spiritual power.

The 20th Transformation of Dao Realm was when the body turned into energy, gathering it and spreading it out was energy.

This Qi was magic power. The so-called law was a rule, a rule. The law was to set a rule, and magic power was the power of the rule.

When a cultivator reached the 19th transformation of the Dao Realm, they would have trained their physical body to the limit. To break through to the 20th transformation, they would have to gather their physical body, astral energy, and essence spirit to explode and turn into spiritual power.

Breaking through this transformation was really dangerous and the mortality rate was much higher than before.

Since ancient times, there had been as many cultivators in the world as there were carps in the river. However, only one in a hundred managed to cultivate the Innate Upstanding Qi, one in a thousand managed to cultivate the Glass Jade Body, and one in ten thousand managed to cultivate the Primordial Spirit. As for those who cultivated the Golden Core, it was extremely rare.

As for those who cultivated spiritual power, only those with great wisdom, perseverance, luck, and luck would have a chance.

Physical body strength, Xiantian Astral Energy, and essence spirit power would all be gathered together to form spiritual power.

Each stage was a qualitative change. If a cultivator used physical body strength to fight against someone who cultivated Xiantian Astral Energy, it would be a one-sided battle.

Gu Chensha was now at the 14th transformation of the Dao Realm. His essence spirit left his body and when he faced a monster at the 20th transformation, he was restricted.

But he finally sensed how strong the spiritual power was. This personal experience was much better than deducing it.

Even if there was just a thread of spiritual power, it was like a bone maggot that couldn't be removed. The mysteriousness of spiritual power wasn't something that he could refine and shatter.

Even if he used Sun and Moon Refining, Sky Monster Secret Technique, and even his Common People Heaven Mending Technique and Lou Baiyue's Common People Heaven Changing Technique to circulate it in his body, it was useless. This was a difference in quality, a difference in realm that couldn't be made up for.

At the end of the Dao Realm, each realm was a huge difference. It wasn't like the few realms before where the difference wasn't as huge.

For example, from 1st to 5th transformation, one used physical strength. There was a limit and one could use weapons, herbs, and cultivation techniques to make up for it.

When Gu Chensha was at the 2nd transformation, he could deal with those at the 5th and 6th transformation. He relied on the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique to strengthen his body. But now that he was facing a 20th transformation expert, all cultivation techniques were useless.

If he had the Dragon Gate, he could use that treasure to swallow spiritual power. He could use the true essence within to work with Bu Zhou Palace to suppress this demon. But now, he had nothing and could only fight it head-on.

"This is a good chance to train."

Gu Chensha was persevering in his heart, but he didn't have any fear. His spirit had long been cultivated to the point where it was as firm as a boulder. He wasn't afraid of life and death, and he wasn't afraid of danger. From start to finish, he remained calm. This was a good chance to train his heart.

The monster's spiritual power continued to seep in and wanted to drown his mind and swallow his soul. If nothing went wrong, he would definitely die. Honglong! All of a sudden, Gu Dusha erupted.

His soul in his mind gave off an intense glow. In the depths of his mind, his soul turned into a heaven eye that chased away all the black energy!

At the crucial moment, he didn't suppress his cultivation and broke through to the 15th transformation. The heaven eye hung in the air. This realm was a transformation when one's soul was condensed to the extreme.

At the 14th transformation, one's soul was slightly weak and couldn't fly high into the air. It was afraid of wind, lightning, magnetic field changes, etc.

At the 15th transformation, the soul's power would increase greatly and it wouldn't be afraid of anything. Even if it flew high into the air and was struck by Yin Yang Lightning, it wouldn't die. Of course, if it was an intense lightning explosion, the soul wouldn't be able to take it.

As for Gu Chensha's soul, it was dozens of times stronger than people of the same realm. When he was at the 14th transformation, he was able to multitask and even Golden Core Experts couldn't compare to him. The monster's soul power probably couldn't compare to his.

However, the fiends had Dharmic powers. Even a sliver of it was far superior to his Primordial Spirit power and Stellar Energy.

Luckily, he had a trump card. After he reached the 15th transformation, the depths of his mind shone brightly and he actually started to chase away the monster's spiritual power.

"Human, you are really stubborn. You are still raising your realm at such a time. Do you think that you can escape from me just like that?

Your primordial spirit and fleshly body will always be mine. "The fiend monster erupted again, activating all of its magic power to firmly suppress Gu Chensha.

The monster didn't use all its strength in case of an ambush. It only used a third of its strength and that was enough to suppress Gu Chensha.

But after Gu Chensha advanced to the fifteenth transformation, "Heaven's Eye Suspends Space", he could no longer suppress one-third of his magic power. He could only use half of his power. This was the limit of what he could use.

If he exceeded that, people would take advantage of him. At that time, he would be able to refine Gu Chensha but he would also be killed by other monster experts.

"Nine Heaven Stars, refine the demon!"

Gu Chensha used his Primordial Spirit to activate the Seven-colored Demonic Vine and the formation that he had set up earlier. Sizzle sizzle sizzle …

The power of the stars in the sky sensed it and poured down like a waterfall. The Seven Colored Demon Vine cooperated with Gu Chensha and used all its strength.

When the power of the stars landed on the tree, it turned into astral flames. They coiled around each other and entered Gu Chensha's acupoints to refine the demonic qi. In an instant, everything within several kilometers was enveloped by the Astral True Fire.

After the Seven Colored Demon Vine evolved into the Touch of the Ghostly God and then the Heavenly Demon Tree, it turned the Evil Spirits into the 28 Constellation Fey Gods. They directly absorbed the power of the stars and turned it into a Constellation Formation with unparalleled power. So now, the Seven Colored Demon Vine also had the ability to absorb the power of the stars.

"28 Constellations, destroy the demon!"

At this time, the 28 Evil Spirits on the Heavenly Demon Tree also chanted. They were wrapped in the fruit and squirmed, absorbing the huge power of the stars and actually began to evolve.

The outside of the fruit condensed into the Horned Wood Dragon, Kang Gold Dragon, Di Earth Raccoon, Room Sun Rabbit, Heart Moon Fox, Tail Fire Tiger, Water Leopard of Winnowing Basket, Wood Dragon, Ghost Goat, Earth Deer Willow, Sun Horse of Star, Moon Deer of Extended Net, Winged Fire Snake, Zhen Water Worm, Kui Wood Wolf, Lou Gold Dog, Stomach Earth Pheasant, Pleiades Sun Chicken, Bi Moon Crow, Jiao Fire Monkey, Water Ape, Wood Fighting Hou, Golden Ox, Earth Bat of Girl, Sun Rat of Emptiness, Wei Moon Swallow, Room Fire Pig, Wall Water Serpent.

The formation was activated fiercely. The Astral True Fire in the sky seemed to turn into a sphere and fell down. Inside the formation, the Dragon Snake Lightning penetrated Gu Chensha's body. Gu Chensha's body seemed to turn into a grave of falling stars. This was the strongest move of the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art, Grave of Stars.

He turned his body into a peerless grave, causing all the stars to perish and fall into the grave to be buried.

With his Common People Heaven Mending Art as the foundation, he activated the Ancient 28 Constellations Demon God Transformation of the Sky Demon Mystic Art. Together with the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art, he combined them to evolve the Dao of Demon Slaying.

The power of the stars was the best at destroying demons. At this moment, all the stars in the sky seemed to appear.

Everyone in a radius of thousands of miles could see that in broad daylight, the sun, moon, and stars actually appeared. They each emitted light and descended fiercely. They gathered into a thick pillar of stars, as though they formed a path to heaven.

Gu Chensha circulated it at full strength. Together with the power of the formation, he was actually so mighty.

"Impressive."

When Wu Dang Kong, who was about to make a move, saw this scene, he suppressed his own thoughts. "This Gu Chensha is really starting to counterattack. He actually raised his cultivation level and activated the grand array that he prepared earlier, borrowing the power of the stars to refine the demon."