Chapter 767
===========

Calming Celestial Division had survived this tribulation and their strength had increased. They could start to make preparations to change the world and accumulate even more power.

Putting everything else aside, Gu Chensha, who had advanced to the God Realm and even reached the Dao Realm 32 Transformations, One Thought Connecting to Heaven, could first defeat a Celestial Lord and collect the Buddhist Sect's Paramita Golden Mountain. Apart from that, after collecting the Paramita Golden Mountain, he could also absorb it into the Little Hongmeng Tree, causing two dimensional worlds to hang on the Little Hongmeng Tree.

Apart from that, Gu Chensha could suppress Celestial Path, Monster Race, Demon Race, and Celestial Path. Apart from some old antiques, he didn't care about anyone else. Even Celestial Leader and Wan Senshi weren't able to pose a threat to him. Unfortunately, Common People's General was independent and couldn't advance along with him.

That year, he was stuck at the Dao Realm 29 Transformation and was unable to advance to God Realm. This caused Common People's General to be unable to advance too. Later on, he and Martial Saint experienced the changes to Heaven Venerable Realm and severed the lines of fate, causing Common People's General to become a true living being. That General became a God Realm expert and stabilized the world. Many factions didn't dare to act recklessly. Now, his own realm was definitely higher than Common People's General's. One could see that the changes in the world were really hard to predict. Luckily, Common People's General was an independent living being and he had a fortuitous encounter.

It was very difficult to increase the speed of advancement. Another reason was that Gu Chensha had completely understood the secret of the Great People's Salvation Scripture. He had comprehended it in the dream world. In the dream world, he had refined and subdued the Demonic Ape of Confusion. From there, he had obtained the secret of the Demonic Ape of Confusion refining demonic nature into human nature. Just like that, his strength was much more complete.

This wasn't all. In the dream world, he refined Xing Qiongshi's head into the God Land Gourd. From there, he saw the most fundamental secret of Xing Qiongshi's God Land Technique. This caused his God Land Technique to far exceed Xing Qiongshi's. Not only that, but he was even able to use the God Land's Central Plains as an experiment to activate the power of the God Land.

He could do the same in the real world. Moreover, the Central Divine Prefecture in the real world had been remodeled by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, so it was easier to use the power of the divine prefecture.

"With my current strength, I'm still not strong enough to kill the true Xing Qiongshi. His cultivation has reached perfection, and he has gained a deeper comprehension of the Dao of Heaven and Earth. Naturally, he's no longer the same as when he was sealed."

Gu Chensha was deep in thought. In truth, he really wanted to suppress the true Xing Qiong Clan and then refine the entire Xing Qiong Clan into a Divine Land Gourd. That way, he would have a powerful weapon to deal with the various powerhouses in the future. However, it would probably be a little difficult for now.

Of course, if they used the full power of the Calming Immortal Department, it was very possible that they could accomplish this. However, Xing Qiongshi's counterattack before his death could cause some damage to the Calming Immortal Department. In that case, the Master of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, would be able to take advantage of this and turn the situation around.

If not for the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, Gu Chensha could do as he did in the dream world and be completely unrestrained. But now, he needed to maintain some balance.

Fortunately, the Calming Immortal Department was already established, and there were no other powerhouses that could pose a great threat to it.

They could easily develop. In addition, Gu Chensha could also nurture the Three Dukes, Eight Marquises, and Fang Lin, allowing them to completely control the Endless Treasure. This was also a huge asset with great potential.

"For now, it's not appropriate for our Calming Immortal Department to do anything destructive and cause an uncontrollable situation. We have the advantage now, so there's no need to take risks."

Zhuge Ya said, "Anything can be done calmly. After all, we now control the safety of 30 billion people. If we're not careful, it could lead to a disaster. We have to do things slowly." "Then what do you think, Mister Zhuge?" Lou Baiyue nodded.

"The Demon Race can now be suppressed and completely destroyed, causing the Devil Disaster to disperse.

With the current strength of our Calming Immortal Department, the Demon Race will no longer be able to cause any big waves. To be honest, even the Heavenly Venerables of the Demon Race can be suppressed and killed! "

Zhuge Ya pondered for a moment, then slowly said, "As for the Immortal Dao, we can slowly subdue it. We can collect all the other Profound Gates, leaving only the Black Heaven Earth Gate alone.

After all, the Black Heaven Earth Gate was created by the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth. This Patriarch is even more terrifying than the Three Great Heavenly Venerables, The Great Spirit God, and even Xing Qiongshi, the Celestial Master, and Wan Senshi.

Although it's rumored that he's already fallen, the Black Heaven Earth Gate has always been the overlord of the Immortal Dao for tens of thousands of years. Who knows how much power of worship it has accumulated? The Patriarch of Heaven and Earth Gate must have his own plans. If we want to swallow the Black Heaven Earth Gate, it won't be that easy. Instead, it will cause chaos in the world, and the gains won't make up for the losses. Why don't we manage the world now, subdue the Great Prestige Dynasty, and collect the people of the world? There are as many as 100 billion people.

"However, the Heavenly Dao will change greatly in the 36th year of the Heavenly Talisman. I'm afraid the strongest tribulation will come," Jin Suibo said.

"It's not that simple."

Zhuge Ya said, "The Heavenly Dao has already collapsed, so it's hard to guess. Of course, our main focus is on managing the country. Everything else will still be handled by Your Highness.

I think that Your Highness should first deal with the Celestial Designer Institution. If they're not in our hands, there will be endless troubles in the future. After all, they've already built up a great reputation among the people.

Moreover, they've secretly colluded with The Great Spirit God and other heavyweights. If we're even the slightest bit careless, it'll cause a huge disturbance among the people, and our painstaking efforts will go to waste. " "You're right. If the internal situation isn't clear, it'll be hard to tell the outside world.

The Celestial Designer Institution has been expanding rapidly these past few years, and its influence on the world can't be ignored. In addition, the Celestial Master has also grasped many secrets of the prehistoric civilization. I even suspect that the prehistoric civilization's strongest item, which can be used to fight against the Heavenly Dao, is in the Celestial Master's hands. It's just that the Celestial Master hasn't completely grasped it. Otherwise, Imperial Father wouldn't have set such a trap for her. "

Gu Chensha was also thinking. "Now that the Calming Immortal Department has the advantage, we need to expand it. If we keep this snowballing, we really need to think about our next plan.

The more we have the advantage, the more careful we need to be. We can't give away the advantage we've already gained. "

"If we want to increase our cultivation and achieve breakthroughs, the most important thing is to gather the power of all living beings. When we reach the peak, the human heart can even deal with the Heavenly Dao."

Lou Baiyue said, "Right now, the imperial court has already been split into two factions. One is our Calming Immortal Department, and the other is indeed the Celestial Designer Institution. However, the Celestial Designer Institution was established by His Majesty. Even if we can destroy it, we can't burn it. What should we do?"

"Our Calming Immortal Department represents the Immortal Dao and the Dao of cultivation, while the Celestial Designer Institution represents the Dao of Machinery, the Dao of Outer Reality, and the Dao of Prehistoric Civilization."

Gu Chensha sighed. "The two great civilizations represent their own understandings. If they develop to the extreme, they'll be equal. My Imperial Father intends for our imperial court and the two civilizations to fuse together, develop together, and nurture together in an attempt to cultivate something new. Both civilizations have their strengths, and they can't be ignored. However, the Celestial Designer Institution is currently in the hands of uncontrollable people. The Immortal Master, Gu Huan Sha, and the House of Maha aren't good people. They're a scourge to the world, so we won't destroy the Celestial Designer Institution. However, they must be eradicated, or they'll become a great scourge in the future. I'll make a trip to the Celestial Designer Institution right now and eliminate this scourge.

I already know quite a few of the Immortal Master's secrets. I spied on him in the dream world, and the greatest tribulation in the dream world was the Immortal Master attacking me with all his might. However, in that instant, my understanding of the Immortal Master has become very deep. "

"Right, this matter has to be dealt with first." Lou Baiyue did some calculations, forming a clear plan in her heart.

"Sou!"

After Gu Chensha spoke, his silhouette flickered and he left the space-time turbulence, heading straight for the headquarters of the Celestial Designer Institution.

When he was still in the space-time turbulence, his powerful divine sense had already locked onto the numerous cities built by the Celestial Designer Institution.

Right now, the Celestial Designer Institution was expanding rapidly. In the Desolate Lands, thousands of cities were constructed, and it was unknown how many experts had been recruited. These were places that the Calming Immortal Bureau couldn't control.

Because according to the laws and regulations set down by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, the Celestial Designer Institution was an organization independent of the judiciary, finance, and even the imperial court. It only listened to the Emperor, hence, the Calming Immortal Bureau couldn't manage it.

Ever since the daughter of the Immortal Master, Gu Huan Sha, entered the Celestial Designer Institution and became the director, with the support of the Immortal Master and the Maha Clan, the Celestial Designer Institution grew even more stable. Under the watchful eyes of the Calming Immortal Bureau, it actually developed rapidly. This matter had to be dealt with properly. This was also the reason why Gu Chensha came to the Celestial Designer Institution.

At this moment, his power and Divine Will were invisible and formless. There were no openings that could not be detected by anyone. Even if the Immortal Master came personally, he would not be able to find any flaws in his disguise and discover that his Divine Will was spying on him. This was the benefit of cultivating to the Deity realm. Gu Chensha converted his Heavenly Dao Art into world energy. The minute world within his body could be called a Minor Heaven World.

"Gu Huan Sha is actually still in the headquarters. I can discuss something with her." Gu Chensha's divine sense swept out and locked onto the true person in charge of the Celestial Designer Institution, Gu Huan Sha. He didn't bother looking. With a flash, he arrived at the core of the headquarters.

The headquarters of the Celestial Designer Institution was filled with restrictive arrays. Some of the restrictive arrays were even laid down by the Immortal Master. Even if an Heavenly Venerable tried to hide, it would still be troublesome. However, Gu Chensha simply ignored these restrictive arrays.

In the core of the headquarters, Gu Huan Sha and Maha Linfeng were talking. There was also a large group of experts from the Maha Clan who were holding a meeting.