Chapter 547
===========

Jin Suibo had made great contributions to the Bureau of Calming Immortals. He had single-handedly contacted the second and third-rate celestial sects to collect taxes. He had taken a great risk, and the financial support of the imperial court was more than enough. It was all because of him alone.

Repairing bridges and roads, building houses, cities, armors, disaster relief, schools, medical centers, subsidies for the common people, dredging rivers, reclaiming land, and training officials were all huge expenses. If it wasn't for Jin Suibo relying on the financial support he received from the celestial path, the imperial court would have collapsed a long time ago.

After the Crown Prince and Wu Dangkong took the throne, they couldn't do anything about the financial resources. Wu Dangkong even filled his own pockets to develop the Clear Sky Chamber of Commerce and her Sun and Moon Department.

The financial resources and national treasury were all supported by the Bureau of Calming Immortals and the Celestial Designer Institute. Without these two organizations, the imperial court would not be able to make ends meet.

Because the taxes in the world were very light, the common people basically didn't have to pay land taxes, poll taxes, and other things that had existed since ancient times. Only a few rich families with large amounts of land would pay some taxes, but it was still much lighter than before. Most of the common people's financial resources had been released.

The Bureau of Calming Immortals relied on the operation of the chamber of commerce to obtain wealth and build the world. Only then could they support the enormous empire.

Anyone with a discerning eye could see that if it wasn't for the Bureau of Calming Immortals, the imperial court would have been ruined by Wu Dangkong and the Crown Prince.

It had to be said that the people of the world were enlightened, and many ambitious people were emerging. Wu Dangkong and the Crown Prince Gu Xuansha's misdeeds were exposed.

The Bureau of Calming Immortals was still thinking of ways to increase the financial resources of the world, while Wu Dangkong and the Crown Prince Gu Xuansha were fighting openly and secretly. There was no sign that they were thinking for the world and the imperial court.

In fact, the Crown Prince Gu Xuansha still wanted to do something, but Wu Dangkong was restraining him in the study, so he couldn't do anything. Moreover, he didn't have anything big to do to change the current situation of the imperial court.

Gu Chensha had promoted Jin Suibo and pushed his aptitude to the level of an innate Saint, so his cultivation would increase rapidly. He would have more prestige among the second and third rate celestial sects, and he would be able to do more things. A natural-born Saint was enough to make many second and third-rate sects tremble in fear.

Among the second and third-rate celestial sects, there was still a lot of potential to be unearthed. For example, among the sects ranked 73rd to 100th, there were even Divine level experts who were pursuing their sects to be upgraded to a minor chiliocosm, hoping to join the 72 sects.

If he could subdue these Profound Sects and bring them into the Small Divine Continent, then the general trend would be achieved.

However, these Daoist sects were ambitious and would never side with the Minor Divine Province. They were even extremely hostile towards the Immortal Dao Alliance formed by the Immortal Tranquility Department.

Some even wanted to devour the Immortal Dao Alliance of the Tranquil Immortal Department to strengthen themselves.

Gu Chensha knew that among them, there were a few sects controlled by Deity level experts who had been eyeing the Calming Immortal Department covetously for a long time.

For example, the Chaos Calming Sect, which was currently ranked 73rd, had a sect leader called Chaos Calming Daoist. The meaning of his Daoist name was to calm the chaos of the Immortal Dao. This person had cultivated to the Deity level, and his ambition was obvious.

In the past, Jin Suibo had gone to look for him, but he had been rejected. Moreover, in the process of establishing the Immortal Dao Alliance, this person had set countless traps and schemes for Jin Suibo. However, Jin Suibo had dodged all of them. Rumble! The instant Jin Suibo became a natural-born Saint, strange phenomena appeared in the sky. Gu Chensha pressed down, and these phenomena all tunneled into his body.

"Heavenly Dao Transformation, Sun and Moon Eclipse, Five Stars Align, Celestial Phenomenon Reversal!"

Gu Chensha suddenly moved, and the Heavenly Dao Art shot out, repeatedly scouring Jin Suibo's body, solidifying his natural-born Saint aptitude.

Meanwhile, Jin Suibo also circulated his magic power, pushing the Dragon Nurturing Mental Art and Dragon Creation Mental Art to the extreme.

"Saint Dragon Mental Art!"

Gu Chensha analyzed the bits and pieces of mental art he had just obtained from the Qi of the Saint Dragon, and it actually allowed him to see some secrets.

Around his body, countless amounts of Dragon Qi gathered, boiling like fire, about to ignite some mysterious thing.

These flames once again entered Jin Suibo's body, and actually began to refine his magic power, raising the quality of his magic power to the fifth tier of the True Dragon Technique, and it could even form the River of Myriad Things. Rumble! Heavenly Dao Transformation, Sun and Moon Ceaseless.

Jin Suibo had already connected the Dragon Nurturing Cultivation Technique and the Dragon Making Cultivation Technique to obtain the Holy Dragon Qi, as well as some bits and pieces of the Holy Dragon Cultivation Technique. Circulating them together, he suddenly let out a long roar and turned into a human-headed dragon. He wriggled in the air like the word 'Dao'.

"Wonderful."

Gu Chensha clapped and said, "This is the Body of the Saint Dragon. A saint is a dragon, and a dragon is a saint. With this body, your future cultivation will be limitless, but it is a pity that I cannot completely calculate the Saint Dragon Mental Art. Even with the cultivation of Heavenly Dao Arts, I can only calculate about one-thousandth of the secret of the mental art. However, with this bit of mental art, together with the Dragon Nurturing Mental Art and Dragon Creation Mental Art, you will definitely be invincible after you cultivate it." "Thank you, Your Highness.

With this change, I can rule the Lesser Divine Province, and contact the Immortal Dao. I won't have to worry about some experts plotting against me. "

Jin Suibo's strength improved greatly, and he was in high spirits. He was determined to make a name for himself in the Immortal Dao Mystic Sects, and expand the Lesser Divine Province once again. "In the Eastern Barren, there are as many second and third-rate Mystic Sects as there are carps in the river. We have now taken in thousands of sects, but that is just the tip of the iceberg. If we take in all the sects, we will be a behemoth that no one will be able to resist." "We need to pay attention to a few of the top-ranked sects."

Gu Chensha said, "I suspect that this time, Xuan An might find a few second or third-rate God Realm masters, such as Daoist Tranquil, Fairy Yu, Longevity God, and the others to come and kill us."

"I have already planted spies in these people. Don't worry, Your Highness. Among the second and third-rate Mystic Sects, Calming Chaos Daoist is ranked first, but the most treacherous one is Longevity God. This person received the inheritance of the ancient gods, Longevity God and Fortune God. He trained hard on the Dao of Longevity and Fortune, and is extremely powerful." Jin Suibo analyzed.

"The ancient true gods, Fortune, Fortune, and Longevity Gods, were one entity. They supported the ancient Son of Heaven. This Longevity God received the teachings of the Fortune God and Longevity God. If he also received the inheritance of the Fortune God, he will be even more difficult to deal with. These are all obstacles to unifying the Immortal Dao Mystic Sects. "Gu Chensha said.

"That's right, Your Highness is right."

Jin Suibo said, "Actually, our Calming Immortal Department looks like a huge piece of juicy meat right now. Not to mention anything else, just our Dragon Raising Heart Sutra and Dragon Creation Heart Sutra are enough to make the Black Heaven Earth Gate go crazy. Those second and third-rate Mystic Sects are even more determined. "

Now that Gu Chensha had established a small chiliocosm and gathered the wish power of the masses, he knew how strong the Dragon Raising Technique and Dragon Creation Technique were.

For example, if a genius went to offer sacrifices to the ancestors, the power produced could even bring glory to the family. Inexorably, if a genius appeared in a family, it could bring glory to the ancestors. The spirit light produced by a genius's spirit force could shine on the ancestors and the family. As for ordinary people, they didn't have this ability.

To a family, geniuses were the most important. There was no need to talk about geniuses. Innate Saints, the light of sacrifices would shine through the ages.

Even the Legalists wanted to obtain the Dragon Raising Technique and Dragon Creation Technique, allowing all their disciples to become geniuses. This way, when they offered sacrifices to the Dharma Saint, the Dharma Saint would be able to obtain an endless supply of power.

"These people are all geniuses. It would be even better if we could subdue them."

Gu Chensha frowned. "The Common People's Wish sphere can't contain mutant Deity realm experts. There might be unforeseen circumstances. But this Minor Divine Province can be used as a base. If there are Deity realm experts submitting to us, our expansion wouldn't be something we can compare to now."

"It's extremely difficult to subdue a Deity realm expert. I'm afraid that with our current strength, even if we capture them, we won't be able to make them submit." Jin Suibo knew the Calming Immortal Department's current weakness.

"I know about this. If these Deity realm experts don't listen, we can directly absorb and refine them. We won't hold back.

Under my management, the Common People's Wish sphere has absorbed one-third of the world energy in the Martial Saint's Grotto-Heaven, finally transforming into a minor chiliocosm. It won't be a problem to suppress those second-rate and third-rate profound sects. However, this time around, the Scarlet Firmament Profound Sect will probably use their minor chiliocosm to attack us. "Gu Chensha knew that the hatred between him and the Scarlet Firmament Profound Sect was the greatest. The two grand elders, Wangji, and Xiao Yan, were all killed by him.

Also, they had suffered great humiliation. That Elder Wangji was directly captured by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor from the depths of the sect and was forced to repair bridges and roads among the commoners.

If they didn't take revenge for this, the Scarlet Firmament Profound Sect would never be able to raise their heads again. They would become the laughing stock of all the immortal cultivators in the world. The Scarlet Firmament Profound Sect would become the 'Profound Sect of Ridicule'.

Gu Chensha had long since been on guard against the Profound Sect's retaliation. The minor chiliocosm of the Profound Sect was also filled with experts. Although they were inferior to the Legalists and Martial Clans, they couldn't be underestimated.

"Your Highness, we have to nip it in the bud."

Jin Suibo said, "After our management, the Minor Divine Province can withstand the attacks of ordinary cultivators.

However, if a God level expert comes, we will still have many loopholes. If the Scarlet Firmament Profound Sect activates the power of the minor chiliocosm, we will basically be smashed like an egg hitting a rock. " "I naturally have a plan for this. Before they attack, they will have a meeting."

Gu Chensha nodded. "That meeting will be held in the old capital city. My incarnation of Wu Dangkong will also be there. That way, I will be able to obtain their specific plans and adapt accordingly. The Scarlet Firmament Profound Sect already has a deep-seated hatred against us. I will definitely find an opportunity to extract the power of the minor chiliocosm and turn the Profound Sect into the same level as the Wu clan and Legalists."

There were no Sages in the Scarlet Firmament Profound Sect, only a few God level experts. It couldn't be compared to the Taiyi Profound Sect and the Universe Profound Sect. With Gu Chensha's current Heavenly Dao cultivation, he could definitely sneak in and stir up trouble to obtain sufficient benefits.

When Gu Chensha was at the 22 Changes of the Dao Realm, he had sneaked into the Legalists and Martial Clans, successfully obtaining treasures and stealing the power of the world. Not to mention that he was now at the 23 Changes of the Dao Realm.