Chapter 197
===========

"Chief Minister, we indeed have unspeakable grievances."

Luo Xiu didn't say anything. The heads of the Xijian Sect, Demon Hunter Sect, and Hunting Hall were full of grievances. "We established a sect in the Eastern Wilderness, but now we're being squeezed by the 72 sects. We have to pay a lot of tribute to the Nine Swords Mystical Gate every year, and their disciples sometimes come to extort us. We can't do anything about it. With the guidance of Senior Luo Xiu and Senior Jin, we submitted to the imperial court in hopes that they will protect us. We won't be squeezed anymore. " Here came the drama. Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and The Fourth exchanged glances.

This was expected. There were as many second and third-rate sects as there were hairs on an ox, and it was difficult for them to survive. They weren't as free and unfettered as some people said.

The Immortal Dao also had mutual deception, bullying the kind and fearing the evil, as well as murder and robbery.

The fact that these sects were willing to pay taxes and submit to the imperial court meant that they were being squeezed by others.

The imperial court had to stand up for them. First, there was the law. Since the sects were registered with the imperial court, they were protected by the law. For example, the sage families in the Yongchō couldn't just casually make a rich family pay tribute every year.

"Since you have pledged allegiance to the imperial court, you will naturally be protected by the imperial court in the future. Everything under the heavens belongs to the imperial court, and not even the seventy-two sects of the immortal path can do anything to you." Lou Baiyue said, "If they insist on causing trouble, then they will be destroyed!"

"If they want to rebel, the imperial court won't be stingy with their methods." The Fourth's tone was cold. His cultivation seemed to have comprehended something these days, and his confidence was greatly boosted.

"We have to plan this carefully."

Gu Chensha thought even more. He'd come into contact with the Nine Swords Mystical Gate before. Last time, there was an elder called the Eighth Sword Nunnery who went to his fief to hunt down Wang Zhi and Lan Qi, saying he wanted to slay demons. Other than that, the Nine Swords Mystical Gate and the Crimson Firmament Sect were the happiest at the imperial court.

Nine Swords Mystical Gate disciple Jian Chengkong and Crimson Firmament Sect's Xiao Wujin actually talked back to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

Even though the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor didn't punish the two of them after the incident, one could still see the arrogance of the two sects.

In this battle for the Buzhou Palace, the Sect Masters of the Immortal Dao Sects, namely the Sect Master of the Nine Swords Mystic Gate and the Sect Master of the Crimson Firmament Mystic Gate, attacked Wen Hong.

From this, it could be seen that these two factions were usually domineering and tyrannical. They were typical thorns to the imperial court.

If these two factions could be uprooted, the task of the Calming Immortal Department would be much easier to handle.

If it was in the imperial court that day, Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha would not even be a match for any of the disciples, but now that it had only been half a year, the two of them killed those disciples as if they were slaughtering chickens and dogs. Because of this, the two of them did not fear the Celestial Dao Mysterious Gate, and instead thought of ways to weaken the authority of the Celestial Dao.

"Nineteenth Brother, what do you think?" The Fourth asked.

"I've seen the arrogance of the Nine Swords Mystic Gate a long time ago."

Gu Chensha said slowly, "Since they're bullying the four of us, there's no reason for them to stop just because they're scared by the imperial court. They might even kill the four of you, so we can't act rashly. We must plan. I think the four of you should prepare to move your sects near the imperial court."

"Duke Chen, we're in trouble. Our sect has been in the Eastern Wilderness for generations. Our master's master has spent a lot of effort to find a place with good feng shui to gather spirits and refine souls. The people can move, but the land can't. Without the foundation, our sect will no longer be a sect." Luo Xiu complained.

"Yes, the founder of the Xijian Sect finally found a Gengjin Cave in the Eastern Wilderness a thousand years ago, so he used it as the foundation to build the Xijian Sect. God knows how long it took to build the Sword Cleansing Pool and maintain the inheritance of the sect. If we leave the Eastern Wilderness, the Sword Cleansing Pool will belong to the Nine Swords Mystic Gate.

There are some people with ulterior motives in the Nine Swords Mystic Gate who want our Sword Cleansing Pool, "the sect master said.

Gu Chensha had seen the list. The Sword Cleansing Pool was built on a Gengjin Cave, carrying the Mystic Gold Qi for hundreds of millions of years. Generations of the founder of the Xijian Sect had set up a formation to build the Sword Cleansing Pool. For a thousand years, many spiritual herbs had been collected and brewed in it. After generations of accumulation, the Sword Cleansing Pool had spiritual effects. When people entered, they could open up their meridians and increase their cultivation. They could also brew Sword Qi. Other than that, there were many unexpected uses for refining Dharma treasures and flying swords.

This time, the Xijian Sect had sent a few jars of water from the Sword Cleansing Pool. It was worth a lot, far more than the Spirit Liquid.

"I also know that it's not easy for sects like you to find good earth veins. For example, the castle I've built in my fief has only been in operation for a year. I can't give it up."

Gu Chensha had already thought about this. "However, there are people and sects. Also, those earth veins can't be moved away by the Nine Swords Mystic Gate. They can only send people to occupy them. Once they occupy them, the imperial court will have an excuse to kill those who occupy them.

As long as you don't die, you can save face for the imperial court. What the Nine Swords Mystic Gate took away will be returned sooner or later. "

Lou Baiyue nodded. "This is more thoughtful. The imperial court will definitely be resisted if they collect taxes from the Celestial Dao Sect. It's impossible for them not to rebel. The reforms of the imperial court in the past, such as the gentry paying taxes together, have caused huge changes. The world is in turmoil, not to mention attacking the Celestial Dao."

"The Celestial Dao is best at stirring up chaos in the world. It's also called following the heavens. Throughout the dynasties, when they don't like the Emperor, they will send their disciples to the mortal world to assist the rebels and seize the world." The Fourth seemed to be filled with hatred.

"I think with the information channels of the Nine Swords Mystic Gate, you've probably already found out that you've come to join the imperial court.

If you go back now, I'm afraid you'll be in trouble. "Gu Chensha's words caused the expressions of the four of them to change drastically.

"If that's the case, we have to be on guard."

Lou Baiyue said, "The four of you are the face of the imperial court, as well as the face of the Celestial Tranquility Department. Nothing must happen to you." "Everything is at your command, Chief." The four of them looked at each other and bowed again.

"The four of you, go and rest in the Celestial Tranquility Department. Don't go out. Wait for the Emperor to summon you at any time, "Lou Baiyue reminded them.

Seeing the four of them leave, The Fourth's expression was solemn. "The Nine Swords Mystic Gate is not to be trifled with. This time, I've done a detailed investigation. The Celestial Tranquility Department might really want to go against this sect. We can't let the Emperor do everything. Otherwise, we'll be ridiculed by the world and the imperial court."

"This is the first task we've done since the establishment of the Celestial Tranquility Department. We must be successful and give those who obstruct us a head-on blow." Lou Baiyue had thought it through.

"We already have an idea about this."

Gu Chensha stood up. "Fourth Brother, since we have some time, I'd like to spar with you in martial arts. Last time, I couldn't even withstand a single blow from you. Let's see if I can improve now." "Oh?"

The Fourth laughed. "19th Brother is familiarizing himself with martial arts to prepare for the upcoming battle. That's good, we can spar and prepare for the upcoming battle." "I will watch." Lou Baiyue knew what Gu Chensha was thinking about.

There would definitely be battles with the Nine Swords Mystic Gate and the other Celestial Paths. There would definitely be bloodshed and killing. Strength was the most important thing.

The Fourth and Gu Chensha jumped onto the battlefield. The two of them were actually on par with each other.

"19th Brother, your cultivation is really extraordinary. You managed to catch up so quickly.

You should be at peak Dao Realm Transformation Seven. But if you use the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, I really can't do anything to you. "

The Fourth was smart and knew that the Dragon Transformation Pagoda absorbed all attacks from Xiantian Energy. It also had the ability to store energy and change it. With this treasure in his dantian, Gu Chensha's cultivation would increase by at least 10 times.

"Eh, I will just rely on my own cultivation."

Gu Chensha opened his mouth and spat out the Dragon Gate. He didn't use the Demon Descending Blade or King Dragon Armor. Just like that, he was left with his own strength.

"The Dragon Transformation Pagoda actually changed into the shape of the Dragon Gate."

Old Four was extremely envious. "This kind of treasure is probably something that many old antiques can't even refine. It's all a coincidence. That Yuan Shasheng obtained the core of the ancient treasure, the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, and only then was he able to cultivate this treasure.

"I was just lucky to steal it." Gu Chensha pulled with his hands and instantly, Xiantian Energy formed a spear in his hands. Shua!

His astral energy spear pierced through the air, clumsy and staggering. It looked extremely slow, but its speed was extremely fast. In the blink of an eye, it had arrived in front of Number Four.

"Good technique." Fourth Brother didn't move. He punched out and punched the spear.

With the Fourth's heart in the Vast Sky Beyond Heaven fist technique, it was illusory and indestructible. If hit by this spear, his Xiantian Energy would probably explode and shatter.

But when the Fourth's fist came into contact with the spear, the spear shrank inwards and turned into a spirit snake, biting at the Fourth's back.

The fourth brother turned around and punched out again. However, the spiritual snake turned thousands and thousands of times, turning into a divine needle and piercing towards his head.

"This Xiantian Energy transformation is really amazing."

Lou Baiyue was shocked. Although she had cultivated with Gu Chensha and knew how powerful the Son of Heaven God Sealing Art was, she had never seen Gu Chensha use it himself. Now, Gu Chensha was using the Solar Moon Transformation.

After cultivating the Xiantian Energy, the Son of Heaven God Sealing Art showed its true strength. Solar Moon Transformation was all about transformation.

The Xiantian Energy in the hands of Gu Chensha was able to transform and there was no waste or leakage at all.

Even if a normal person cultivated to the seventh transformation and could retract and release the Xiantian Energy, they wouldn't be able to do it perfectly and there would still be leakage. When the enemy broke the Xiantian Energy, they wouldn't be able to retract it.

But when Gu Chensha used the Solar Moon Dragon Energy to activate it, there were no weaknesses at all. The Xiantian Energy was really cunning and it was really strong.

At the start, his spear was really cold like an army charging. Then, it turned into a spirit snake that spun thousands of times, dazzling one's eyes. But the strongest killing move was that needle. Sun Moon God Needle.

In the Solar Moon Transformation, the most penetrative attack was to condense the Xiantian Energy to the extreme to form this needle. With one stab, no treasure would be able to dodge it. Moreover, this needle was really thin and hard to notice. When one noticed that it had stabbed into their body, even gods wouldn't be able to save them.

As expected, when the Fourth saw the needle, his expression became really solemn. His body flashed and he dodged the needle. He then got close to Gu Chensha and attacked his main body.