Chapter 1148
============

A Hundred Million Years

Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, and Zhuge Ya went through all kinds of experiments and calculated all kinds of data. Finally, they reached a trillion lifespan and became one of the strongest in the world. They didn't fall behind.

This time, they didn't absorb any energy. They just got the data. With the help of the data, they could even produce a trillion lifespan.

One person, one life, one team, had a fortuitous encounter and achieved great things. This wasn't a big deal. The most important thing was that this fortuitous encounter could be mass produced. Fortuitous encounters were a variable, but mass production was a fixed number.

Everything Gu Chensha wanted to do was like this. In the beginning, he produced peerless Immortal experts. Later, he produced a trillion lifespan. Now, he was starting to mass produce a trillion lifespan. Of course, a trillion lifespan wasn't the tenth level of Immortality, but it was very close.

No one knew who was the first to ascend to the threshold of Indestructible in the long years of the Multiverse. Many people thought it was Gu Chensha. But heaven and earth changed, and the universe changed. Anything that was impossible could happen.

The most powerful giant flesh egg had completely disappeared. In the multiverse, who knew what kind of terrifying and powerful existence would be born from within the giant flesh egg. Most importantly, it had brought along countless experts. There were at least several hundred experts with a lifespan of over a hundred billion years. There were experts with seven or eight hundred billion lifespan.

These experts were extremely powerful. Some were only second to Zhou Qin and the others. They were extremely terrifying.

If these terrifying existences were all controlled by the flesh egg, they would definitely cause a frenzy in the multiverse. If Lou Baiyue and the others didn't advance quickly, they might also die.

The world calmed down. The flesh egg disappeared. Some people who had obtained fortuitous encounters didn't appear. It seemed like they were preparing for something.

Originally, the scholar He Ming, who had obtained the essence of Zhou Qin and the mysterious masked man, seemed to be able to achieve great things. But he also disappeared, because he felt the aura and threat of the giant flesh egg.

Furthermore, there was no news about the whereabouts of Gu Xinjian and Chen Qi's essences. Who did they end up in?

However, in the all-heavens, countless experts were searching and attempting to obtain this great opportunity that would allow them to ascend to the heavens in a single bound. Unfortunately, no one could obtain it. Heaven and earth were constantly changing. The sun and the moon were also constantly rotating. Ten thousand years passed.

Although the multiverse was at war with each other and experts emerged in large numbers, it could be considered peaceful. A large number of invincible figures were born, and there were many fortuitous encounters and protagonists. However, none of them were powerful enough to affect the balance of the Multiverse. One hundred thousand years had passed.

Suddenly, another unimaginable universe was born. This universe was man-made, and the creator of this universe was a giant. This giant was also very mysterious, but he didn't make any big movements. After creating the unimaginable universe, he went into secluded cultivation. A million years had passed.

During this period, dozens of unimaginable universes were born, and there were thousands of smaller universes that were endless and boundless. As for the smaller universes, there were tens of thousands of them.

It was no longer like the past when there were only four supermassive universes: the Arcana Cosmos, the Mother Nest Cosmos, the Extreme Martial Cosmos, and the Primal Chaos Cosmos.

The number of universes increased because there were more and more experts who had awakened their spirit force in the multiverse. They started to create universes, creating a myriad of transformations.

Some peerless Immortal Realm experts could create many supermassive universes. Some peerless Immortal Realm experts with a lifespan of a hundred billion years could even create an endless, limitless universe. Experts with a lifespan of nine hundred billion could even create an unimaginable universe.

To sum it up, ever since Gu Chensha comprehended the Dragonless Cultivation Art, it was equivalent to opening a magic box for the masses. Once the magic box was opened, there would be no turning back. This was exactly what he wanted. As time passed, Gu Chensha's fame gradually faded in the multiverse.

Only some powerful existences vaguely remembered his existence. After all, he hadn't appeared in the last million years. Let alone now.

However, the interface he created was still there. It existed in the depths of everyone's heart, telling them how much lifespan they had left. This was akin to a talisman that hastened their lives, giving everyone the motivation to cultivate.

If they didn't work hard in their cultivation, they would only see their lifespan slipping away bit by bit.

This was the initial motive for Gu Chensha to create this interface. If there wasn't this motivation, the masses would still be deceived by the illusion of life and wouldn't be able to develop as fast as now. Ten million years passed. At this time, the multiverse's appearance had greatly changed from before.

Many prosperous universes had died and were replaced by new universes. The number of experts increased, and there were even a few experts with a lifespan of a trillion were born. They weren't those old people from before.

These experts with a lifespan of a trillion fought against each other, causing quite a few calamities. It was just like the battles between countries. Some hegemons with a lifespan of a trillion no longer knew of Gu Chensha's existence. In fact, they weren't even able to divine Gu Chensha's existence. Gu Chensha no longer appeared in the world. Or perhaps, he was the incarnation of everyone in the world. Everything was him.

Of course, there were still some mysterious existences that knew of Gu Chensha's location. For example, the existence that was brewed from the giant flesh egg.

The existence that was brewed from the giant flesh egg still hadn't caused any huge waves in these ten million years. It also didn't conquer one universe after another. It seemed to be waiting for something, searching for something.

Or rather, conquering, devouring, creating, setting up, scheming — all of these were meaningless to it.

The entity inside the giant flesh and blood egg had only one mission, and that was to capture He Ming, then refine him, and acquire Zhou Qin's Essence. Otherwise, no matter how powerful it was, the flesh and blood egg would never be complete, and would be incomplete.

Only the combined quintessence of Zhou Qin, Wang Zai, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li could break through Gu Chensha's bindings and obtain the greatest power. If they didn't merge, they wouldn't be able to escape.

Another 50 million years passed. Every once in a while, there would be a large number of murderous tribulations brewing. Countless universes would be destroyed, and countless experts would fall. But after the tribulations, all kinds of universes would be born, and the experts would be like weeds after a great fire. They would grow even more crazily and densely. However, the destruction of universes still hadn't happened. The greatest calamity hadn't come. It was as if a great storm was brewing in the entire multiverse. Finally, a hundred million years passed.

There were no longer any traces of the multiverse's past. A hundred million years meant that many experts who weren't at the Imperishable level would die. The Imperishable level was a billion years. Anyone below the Imperishable level would have a hundred million years of life.

In other words, anyone who hadn't reached the Imperishable level would die within these hundred million years. There was no hope. The older generation had fallen. Even now, after a hundred million years, the Imperishable experts were actually nobles. They weren't the kind of people who could be found everywhere. More or less, they were the masters of supermassive universes.

Deep within the multiverse, there were many supermassive universes, as many as the hairs on an ox. There were also miniaturized universes, minor universes, medium universes, large universes, and super-large universes. They were as numerous as the eternal sands of the universe. Even the miniaturized universes had countless living beings. The evolution of the multiverse was a two-pronged approach.

For example, there were more and more experts with trillions of years of life, but there were more and more ordinary people. Only in this way would it be a healthy state of development.

In one of the smaller universes, there was a nation. It wasn't very large, and didn't have any technology or magic. It only had martial arts and cultivators. In the multiverse, the smaller universes were nothing out of the ordinary.

In the depths of that nation, there was an imperial preceptor who spent most of his time practicing cultivation in the palace. The imperial preceptor was a middle-aged man.

If anyone from the most ancient generation existed in the lands of the Endless Lands or the Divine Central Continent, they would realize that this middle-aged man was none other than the Dharma Saint.

He had long since reached the Imperishable level, and should have vanished into the river of history. But he still existed. Although it made sense that he was still alive, according to the number of tribulations he had experienced, he should have long since been killed by some of the younger generation.

However, his life force far surpassed that of a cockroach. No matter how many tribulations he faced, he could always evade them. That was one of the most amazing aspects of the Dharma Saint.

The illustrious The Fourth, Gu Huasha, was dead. The Emperor Of Heaven was dead. The Lord of the Human Realm, Zhang Ziran, was dead. Wan Senshi, the Immortal Lord, were all dead. He was the only one still alive. However, considering his current level of power, it wouldn't be difficult for him to shake the winds and clouds of the multiverse.

And yet, he was willing to live in seclusion in this tiny universe, and live the life of an ordinary person. His current lifespan had reached a trillion years!

It was impossible to say how he had broken through. What had happened during the past hundred million years? How many plots and plots had he plundered?

Logically speaking, he shouldn't have been able to break through, not even if he had a lifespan of a hundred billion years. And yet, he had.

"It's time."

The Dharma Saint, who had been sitting there cross-legged, suddenly opened his eyes and rose to his feet. His expression seemed to indicate that the opportunity he had been waiting for had finally arrived. He sent his divine will into the virtual interface in his sea of consciousness. The virtual interface began to blur, as if it were about to disappear. .....

[Dragon Tally has less than ten chapters left before it ends. When it does, an announcement about the new book will be made.]