Chapter 218
===========

That old man was one of the Heavenly Designer Institute's top leaders, Ghost Axe.

He had lived for countless years. Now that he had arrived at the Wu Clan, he could tell that the layout of the Wu Clan was filled with unfathomable mysteries.

"Well said, well said." Ghost Axe walked into the crack and saw a small world floating in the air like a bubble. This was the foundation of the Wu Clan. Martial Saint's Utopia.

It was opened by the Martial Saint a long time ago. After countless generations of Wu Clan's experts perfected it, it had become an otherworldly place.

Ghost Axe saw that this small world was filled with exotic flowers and rare ancient beasts. There were also many experts hiding here, breathing in and out, adding energy to this world. The Wu Clan had spent their entire life's efforts on this Small World, and it was unbreakable. At the center of the small world, there was a tall pagoda.

Ghost Axe landed at the top of the pagoda and saw an old man sitting there. His hair and beard were all white, even his eyebrows were white. This was the Wu Clan's most senior antique, King Wu Yu. The current Wu Clan's Patriarch was his grandson's grandson's grandson.

"King Wu Yu, looks like your lifespan is about to run out. With your cultivation, I'm afraid no heavenly treasures will be able to prolong your life. This is fate." Ghost Axe said.

"Ghost Axe, are you here to persuade me to follow the Heavenly Talisman Emperor?" King Wu Yu smiled. "Life and death are small matters. I've lived for thousands of years, it's already very faint." "Life and death are small matters? Hahaha. "

Ghost Axe laughed. "Life and death are the most important matters in this world. If I die, what meaning does this world have to me?

This world was born for me. When I close my eyes, this world no longer exists. When I open my eyes, this world will reform. I am the real one, everything else exists for me. " "This is the core of your demonic dao's thinking."

King Wu Yu said, "I won't argue with you about this. I heard that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor made a bunch of juniors establish the Calmness Immortal Bureau to oppose your Heavenly Designer Institute. What do you think?" "That's the Emperor's will."

Ghost Axe said, "Moreover, we're all dying of old age. It's time for the younger generation to shine." "Demon Axe, are you really that open-minded?"

King Wu Yu's eyebrows twitched, "Let's not beat around the bush. You must have come for something important." "Of course."

Ghost Axe pointed at the sky. "The heavens and earth are in turmoil. The Demon Star is descending. This is unprecedented. I'm afraid that a great change is about to happen. It's time to choose a side."

"You want our Wu Clan to submit to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor?" King Wu Yu laughed, "How should we submit?" "I think you can only live for a few decades at most, not even sixty years."

Black vortexes appeared in Ghost Axe's eyes as he saw through some sort of life and death law: "You've used all sorts of heaven-defying forbidden techniques to increase your lifespan, causing many tribulations. You still dare to say that life and death is a small matter? You so-called righteous people are too hypocritical." "Whatever you say."

King Wu Yu didn't seem to care: "I am very curious, how did the Heavenly Talisman Emperor extend your lifespan?

In this world, only the Prehistoric Dragon Sect and the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman can do this. Could it be that he has obtained one of these two supreme divine weapons? " "His Majesty doesn't need these things."

A disdainful smile appeared on Ghost Axe's face: "I have an imperial edict here. As long as you accept it and kowtow, you will be able to increase your lifespan by a thousand years. How about it?"

As he spoke, Ghost Axe unfurled an imperial edict with a few sentences written on it: "King Wu Yu, This Emperor will grant you a thousand years of lifespan. If you accept this edict, send Wu Dangkong to the palace." "What?

Just this imperial edict can grant me a thousand years of lifespan? "King Wu Yu's expression changed:" Also, that little girl Wu Dangkong, what does she want? "

"I know that even the legendary Heaven Sacrifice Decree requires a great sacrifice to increase the lifespan of a person like you, and the price is no small matter." Gui Fu said, "But think about it, with His Majesty's status, would he lie to you?

Ever since His Majesty started cultivating, he has been invincible. Even the Heavenly Daos couldn't do anything to him. Ask yourself honestly, since ancient times, who is stronger than His Majesty? " "Why does Heavenly Talisman Emperor want Wu Dangkong?" King Wu Yu's expression was ugly.

"That I don't know. Perhaps it's to show your Wu Clan's sincerity."

Ghost Axe said indifferently: "The Legalism, Fan, Heng, Lei, and Hong Clans all have women entering the palace as concubines. Your Wu Clan will not be an exception, right?"

"Wu Dangkong is just an ordinary female descendant of the clan. If Heavenly Talisman Emperor wants my Wu Clan's women, I can find someone more outstanding to replace her." King Wu Yu hurriedly said.

"You can't be thinking that His Majesty doesn't know Wu Dangkong's identity, right?"

Ghost Axe sneered: "Wu Dangkong, Wu Dangkong, the sun and moon in the sky, roaming the world. This name is not simple. The Martial Saint's prophecy should be based on this woman." "Lord Ghost Axe must be joking." King Wu Yu laughed.

"Enough."

Ghost Axe waved his hand: "What the Martial Saint can see, His Majesty can also see. What the Martial Saint can't see, His Majesty can also see. Even if the Seven Great Sages of the human race were revived, they would not be able to see as clearly as His Majesty.

His Majesty is doing this for your Wu Clan. Take care of yourself. I'll leave the imperial edict here. If you accept it, you must kowtow to it.

If you don't, the edict will automatically burn. But your Wu Clan is not respecting His Majesty's edict and has fallen out with the Imperial Court. Do as you see fit. " As he spoke, Ghost Axe disappeared. King Wu Yu looked at the edict and fell into deep thought.

He knew that as long as he kowtowed and accepted the edict, his lifespan would increase by a thousand years.

Although this was inconceivable to him, he knew that it was not a lie. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor would not use such a thing to trick him.

"An imperial edict can increase my lifespan by a thousand years?" King Wu Yu silently pondered, his heart struggling. On the sea near the Baoyu Nation's pier.

Many Baoyu Nation's ships surrounded the pier. Cannons and soldiers gathered at the pier, preventing Gu Chensha's fleet from docking. Gu Chensha looked on coldly.

"Don't worry, King Wu Yu. I'll go take a look." Yu Hanlu led her men to the deck.

When she saw the Baoyu Nation's ships approaching, she shouted: "Where is the Navy Marshal Yu Quan? How dare you block my merchant ships. Who gave you the guts?" "Seventh Princess, please forgive me. Yu Quan is here."

At this moment, in the center of the hundreds of ships, there was a huge ironclad ship. There was a marshal flag on the ship, and a man stood under the flag. He was handsome and wore jade armor.

He spoke: "This is His Majesty's order. Recently, the situation is serious and tense. I order the Baoyu Nation's navy to strengthen their defenses. If there are any abnormalities, capture them immediately." "How dare you." Yu Hanlu's voice boomed: "Since you know it's me, why don't you disperse?" "My apologies, Seventh Princess."

Yu Quan was not flustered: "You are now an official of the Yongchō Nation. First, you are a suspect. This time, you brought such a strong fleet. For the safety of my Baoyu Nation, I have to stop you. If Seventh Princess is innocent, please head to the palace alone. Leave this fleet at sea and let me take over temporarily. How about it? Once His Majesty gives the order, I will return it. " "What a joke."

Cold Jade laughed, "Yu Quan, this time you have rebelled against your superiors, your crime is unforgivable, it seems like I have to capture you first, your small navy, how can you contend against my fleet?

As long as I make a move, you will be destroyed. However, I do not wish for my nation's soldiers to be harmed. I shall capture you. "

As she spoke, Yu Hanlu's body floated in the air. With the help of her Xiantian Gang Qi, she flew like an arrow across the vast sea towards the fleet.

"His Highness really foresees things."

Long Yuyun looked at the changes, "If we come here openly and cause such a ruckus, people will think that Baoyu Nation is rebelling against the Heavenly Army. If the Imperial Court spread the news, we will be in a tough spot. Now, there is internal strife within Baoyu Nation."

"Yu Hanlu's cultivation is already at Dao Realm Transformation Seven. It is enough to deal with these people."

Gu Chensha sat there calmly, "I think that Yu Quan is only at Dao Realm Transformation Four. He is definitely not her match, but we have to be wary of Taiyi Xuan Sect."

The basic strength of a barbarian race nine-star general was between Dao Realm Transformation Three to Dao Realm Transformation Five. Yu Quan was Baoyu Nation's nine-star general and his cultivation was similar. Baoyu Nation was a small country and had limited experts.

"I will support you at any time."

Long Zaifei and Yi Zheng got onto the deck and looked at Yu Hanlu flying in the air. In the blink of an eye, she got close to the fleet. At that moment, many bows and crossbows started to give off creaking sounds.

In an instant, the rain of arrows was as dense as a swarm of locusts, shooting towards the Frost Jade Dew in the air.

"These people are just too bold."

Long Yuyun was furious, "Hanlu is the Seventh Princess of Baoyu Country and these troops actually dare to use arrows to shoot at her. How rebellious." Rage flashed in Gu Chensha's eyes.

Since Yu Hanlu followed Gu Chensha, her cultivation had skyrocketed. During this period of sailing, Gu Chensha used the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy to help her cultivate treasures and clear her acupoints. She also consumed the Xuanhuang Pill that Gu Huo left behind to refine it, allowing her to reach Dao Realm Transformation Seven. Moreover, the Jade God Eye also transformed, allowing her strength to increase by a lot.

She was in the air and Xiantian Energy wrapped around her body. The moment the arrows touched it, they turned to dust and weren't able to harm her at all. Peng peng peng! Just at that moment, numerous concentrated cannon-like sounds rang out.

Many soldiers surged out from the ships with pitch-black spears in their hands. Instantly, bullets shot out and slashed through the air, causing explosions around Yu Hanlu.

"Fire Talisman Spear."

Gu Chensha's killing intent appeared, "Who sold the Heavenly Craft Institute's Fire Talisman Spear to Baoyu Country? How bold!"

The Fire Talisman Spear was made by the Heavenly Craft Institute and it was really strong. Even a martial artist could kill a Dao Realm Transformation Two expert.

The bullets contained strong explosive and penetrative power. The range was really far and from thousands of steps away, even rocks would be blown apart.

If dozens of people randomly shot with the spear, even if one had copper skin and iron bones, one wouldn't be able to block it and would be ripped apart.