Chapter 867
===========

Gu Chensha had now completely broken away from the normal cultivation system, his Dragonless Heart Sutra's formidable aspect was that the more knowledge he obtained, the more powerful it would be. Tian Si Xiao Si said.

Now that he had obtained some knowledge from Lord Dan, his Dragonless Heart Sutra was rapidly expanding, and he began to understand some of the secrets of this battleship. Thus, he was able to move around the battleship with ease.

"Lord God, leave your knowledge behind as well. I won't kill you, but obtaining your knowledge will be much easier."

The Dragonless Heart Sutra seeped into many corners of the warship, and the Prime God and Prime Dan, who were just about to escape, were once again illuminated. Gu Chensha didn't kill them. He didn't even hurt them. He just wanted to learn their knowledge.

Gu Chensha transformed his Dragonless Heart Technique into a profound and profound knowledge that permeated into the depths of the battleship. The battleship did not resist at all, instead absorbing Gu Chensha's knowledge. This was because the battleship knew that Gu Chensha's knowledge was incredibly useful to it. After obtaining it, the battleship would evolve once again.

Gu Chensha, on the other hand, had other ideas, which was to infuse his knowledge into the Battleship. While the Battleship was learning, he could also obtain the knowledge of the Battleship.

Right now, Gu Chensha had already transformed into knowledge, and had basically comprehended some sort of undying path. Knowledge could not be destroyed, regardless of whether the world still existed or not, it would always be there.

"Knowledge is the concrete manifestation of principles. Without knowledge, principles cannot be manifested. If the Great Dao is a person's soul, then knowledge is that person's body. I've finally touched upon the path of immortality. " Gu Chensha was overjoyed.

He had entered this warship left behind by the prehistoric civilization and obtained a great deal of knowledge and information. Through his deductions, his Dragonless Heart Sutra had once again advanced to a terrifying realm. Although it hadn't completely condensed into a physical form and was still considered an incomplete version, it wasn't too far from the Empyrean Realm.

If Gu Chensha could absorb all the knowledge here, then who knew what level his Dragonless Heart Sutra would advance to? Not to mention becoming an Empyrean, it would be enough for him to advance to the Heavenly Longevity Realm.

Now that he had seen Sovereign Satan and Sovereign God, he could feel the vastness of the ancient civilization's knowledge. A civilization's accumulation of billions of years was not something he could compare to. Buzz buzz buzz …

The two leaders of the prehistoric civilization, Prime Dan and Prime God, flew over and were enveloped by Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra. After all, they were not real people, but just two great brands. The power of their brands was almost at the Divine Origin Realm. Unfortunately, they were still no match for the current Gu Chensha.

One must know that right now, Gu Chensha had already obtained the Desolate Dragon Gate and the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. His strength had risen even further. Of course, Gu Chensha had yet to refine the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. After all, this talisman represented the Heavenly Dao. It was harder to refine compared to the Desolate Dragon Gate.

However, now that he had gradually come into contact with the various knowledge of the prehistoric civilization, his understanding of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman and the Heavenly Dao had deepened. Refining the talisman was no longer a problem. This talisman might even be integrated into Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra.

"Suppress and capture!"

Lord Dan and Lord God were both pulled out. They were wrapped up in the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and couldn't escape. Therefore, they called out again. Immediately, balls of light appeared. Ten more balls of light appeared.

Each one pulsed with heaven-shaking power, and within that light were the twelve magisters of the prehistoric civilization.

"The Sovereign Lord. The Sovereign Spirit. The Sovereign Rest. The Sovereign Lord. The Sovereign Blaze. The Sovereign Lord. The Sovereign Lord. The Sovereign Lord. The Sovereign Universe. The Sovereign Lord.

The ten magisters and the Lord Devil joined forces, causing rumbling sounds of power to echo out. In the blink of an eye, an enormous spell formation appeared, in the middle of which was a sphere. That sphere was none other than the true form of the system of the One God.

As soon as the twelve magisters appeared, the systems of the One God revealed their true form. In the blink of an eye, Gu Dusha's attacks were destroyed, and the Dragonless Mental Dharma was forced into him.

However, Gu Chensha wasn't the least bit surprised. In fact, a look of delight appeared on his face as he looked at the sphere, which was also made up of characters and information. It seemed corporeal, but at the same time, formless. Unexpectedly, it was also the embodiment of knowledge.

"Wonderful. Wonderful. We're thinking of the same thing.

It seems like the highest realm of the prehistoric civilization and the wisdom of everyone is connected. We've all reached this step, but even so, it's still not enough. We can't subdue the Heavenly Dao and make it serve us. We can't create a brand new world. "

Gu Chensha looked at the sphere that represented the system of the One God. He knew that if he consumed it, he would be able to acquire the legacy of the prehistoric civilization. Unfortunately, the system was far more powerful than the Lord of the Sun and Moon, and not even the dao of heaven could destroy it. Clearly, it was deathless.

Gu Chensha wasn't convinced that he could fully assimilate the system. But now that he had more knowledge, he would be able to reach the Celestial Realm. Then he would be able to absorb the system.

"Honorable experts of this civilization," said a middle-aged man in a white robe, who held a scepter in his hand. "Don't you think you're going a bit too far?"

He said. He was a middle-aged man in a white robe, who held a scepter in his hand, and was clad in golden scriptures. He had an aquiline nose, and his hair was so golden that it almost seemed as if the passage of time hadn't left a mark on him. He was the Sovereign Lord.

"Ladies and gentlemen, your civilization has declined, and you are a failure. You haven't come back to life yet. You're nothing more than branding marks. You don't have hearts of your own. Do you really want to be resurrected? You'll have to rely on me.

Work with me, and I can guarantee that I can resurrect you. You'll return to your peak, and you'll get what you want. " "You're Gu Chensha," said a woman, her face expressionless.

"I know you," she said, hefting a jade scepter and jade scriptures. "You founded the Calming Immortal Department, and you've done a lot of things in the Central Divine Prefecture. But to us, that's nothing to be surprised about. We did far more things in the previous civilization than you could ever imagine. If you said you wanted to resurrect us, we wouldn't believe you. You're not strong enough to do it. If you were my father, Gu Taxian, you might have a chance.

"My father won't come here. He's suppressing the Heavenly Dao. Do you really think that you've become Deathless?

You'll be completely destroyed in this civilization. The previous civilization was actually the Age of Turmoil, and the Emperor Of Heaven had yet to be born. But now, the Emperor Of Heaven has appeared.

You're just sacrifices to strengthen the Heavenly Dao's authority. The Heavenly Dao is just fattening you up before killing you, and then letting the Emperor Of Heaven do it. If you can't even understand this, then I'm truly disappointed. "

Gu Chensha said, "If it weren't for the Imperial Court suppressing the Heavenly Dao, causing it to lose its former power and greatly weaken its authority, you would have long since died." "You're indeed not strong enough."

The woman's name was Zhumi, and she looked at Gu Chensha for a long moment. "But you have the knowledge we need. Since you're here, we won't hold back. We'll take you and add you to our systems."

"That's right," Zhumi said. "I can sense that his deathless aura is different from ours. He's walking a different path, avoiding the supervision of the Heavenly Dao and Fate. It's very miraculous. He'll be a good test subject. Capture him and study him. We'll be able to get some good data." "Capture him, then." The twelve magisters nodded, then sent their light into the sphere of the One God System. Whizz ….

The sphere spun, trembled, and an invisible power spread out to cover Gu Chensha. It surpassed the Prime of Heaven, and Gu Chensha had never felt anything like it. It was almost as if this sphere were the true Heavens, and the true Dao.

"Not bad. Not bad at all. This is the system that once tried to replace the Heavenly Dao. Although it didn't succeed, it's the crystallization of the wisdom of an entire civilization. You can't underestimate it. If you want to use me as a test subject, then I'll gladly let you consume me."

Gu Chensha once again transformed into knowledge, and without any resistance, he began the process of fusing with the System of the One God.

He transformed into the text of the Dragonless Mental Dharma, which flew into the sphere of the One God System.

As the System of the One God consumed him, the text of the Dragonless Mental Dharma appeared, and it continued to expand.

"Hmph!"

Zhumi said, clearly aware of what Gu Chensha was thinking. "This guy has guts. I can't believe he's letting the System of the One God absorb him. Don't tell me he's trying to take over our systems?" "He does not have that kind of power."

"There's a saying in this civilization that goes, 'Fortune comes only with danger.' Or, you can't catch a tiger cub without entering the tiger's lair. I'm pretty sure he wants to infiltrate the systems of the One God, and then devour them. But how could he possibly know that our civilization has built up so much power? Our systems of the One God have chosen representatives in this civilization, and have access to the most fundamental aspects of the immortal dao civilization? Let's see if we assimilate him, or if he devours the systems of the One God."

The twelve leaders activated their powers at the same time to observe everything that was happening inside the sphere.

By this point, Gu Chensha had been sucked into the system of the One God. Inside, he couldn't sense anything. It wasn't a world, but rather, a power of manipulation. In some ways, the system of the One God was the closest thing to the dao of heaven. It was the crystallization of the wisdom of the ancient civilization, and the only reason Gu Chensha didn't fight back was because it was a huge risk.

He wanted to obtain the knowledge contained within the system. If he did not succeed, he would truly be refined by the system and become a tonic.