Chapter 690
===========

The five minor chiliocosms, the five elemental worlds, all of them cycled in an endless cycle.

North Star God's power was activated, bringing out its true strength. Five great small worlds, five elements cycle, boundless power, tearing apart the endless radiance and kingdom, descending into Longevity God's small world. He knew that he could not suppress the Lord of Sun and Moon without using all his power. He had no choice but to take the bait.

The massive might of the Five Elements directly descended. With Gou Chen's Celestial Venerate cultivation base, the Five Elements fused into one and enveloped the sky. The sealing power spread everywhere, enveloping the entire Minor Chiliocosm and evolving into a pure Five Elements World.

"Heaven and Earth change, the five elements reverse, Yin and Yang reverse, ghosts and gods face the truth."

At that moment, the huge power started to change. North Star's will was everywhere, shaking everywhere. Then, the five-element power condensed into a seal. The ancient sky devil power appeared, forming an ancient devil soul that devoured everything.

"Heavenly Demon Descends into the World."

Five elements Heavenly Demon souls appeared, densely packed together in the Five Elements Minor Chiliocosm. As soon as they flew out, they connected to each other and began to chant incantations.

This was an Immemorial Demon Curse that wasn't inferior to the Great Mahākāśyapa Mantra. It could condense one's mental energy and soul into one. This was the ultimate technique of the North Star Empire, the Heavenly Demon Descent Technique. As the saying goes, when a heavenly demon descends into the world, a demon destroys the world. The pinnacle of Fiendish Demons. North Star used his full strength and instantly enveloped Longevity God's small chiliocosm.

"No, this isn't the Lord of the Sun Moon. This is a trap."

At this moment, the North Star Emperor went all out and came into contact with the Sun Moon Lord's core. He suddenly comprehended some things and knew that this wasn't the true Sun Moon Lord. He was shocked and wanted to retreat. However, at this moment, the Dharma Saint's voice rang out. "North Star Dynasty, it's too late.

You've actually brought out your own life's five elemental worlds, making it difficult for you to escape. If I were to deal with you alone, then even if I used the strength of my dimensional realm you would still be able to escape. But now, I have fused together with the power of the Heaven Sacrifice Decree. Even you will be suppressed. "

"Lord North Star, just obediently be the driving force of our dimensional realm." At this time, Wu Dangkong activated the Heaven Sacrifice Decree. As soon as the talisman appeared, it immediately sealed off the surrounding area. Then, layers of light from the sun and moon caused the North Star Empire's power to retreat.

Wu Dangkong was at the center of the decree. An altar appeared below her, it was the Sun Moon Altar. She sat on top of the altar without moving. No existence could harm her, not even Immortal Teacher Wan could do anything to her. This was the power of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman.

"Wonderful, the power of the Sun and Moon Altar that Wu Dangkong displayed is worth my time to ponder." Seeing this scene, Gu Chensha made Longevity God remain calm, and his body suddenly condensed to the extreme.

At that moment, the Dharma Saint mobilized the power of his medium dimension and started to suppress the Five Elements World of the North Star. The Heaven Sacrificial Talisman sealed the surroundings.

"Ten Thousand Techniques Empowerment Art!"

When the Dharma Saint stimulated the power of his own dimensional world, he divided a part of it and gave it to Wu Dangkong. Under the stimulation of this empowerment, Wu Dangkong's cultivation immediately began to skyrocket. Rumble! As her cultivation skyrocketed, the power of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman also increased.

"Dharma Saint, you actually joined forces with the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman to suppress me." The North Star Empire was furious. "Do you think you can use this trap to kill me? You are too naive. "

"My medium dimension's power, so many arrangements, and the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman can't suppress you. That means I have to admit your strength." The Dharma Saint's tone was very calm. "Of course, I also have a backup plan.

You seem to have forgotten that I am one of the powerhouses of the Heavenly Demon Clan. I can also use some of the power of the Heavenly Demon Prison's medium dimension. If the North Star Empire can resist the power of two medium dimensions, then I will admit defeat. " As he spoke, a huge demonic intent broke through space-time and descended here. This was the power of the Heavenly Demon Clan's medium dimension. The Heavenly Demon Prison, all law realms.

The power of the two medium dimensions circulated continuously in the Dharma Saint's hands and started to fuse perfectly.

"You …" The North Star Empire felt the great increase in pressure, causing it to be unable to move. It was shocked. "You can actually fuse the two powers of order and chaos into one perfectly. You are only a step away from stepping into that Heavenly Life Realm." "North Star Empire, you only know now. What a pity."

The Dharma Saint remained calm. "The demonic nature represents endless chaos. I legislate for the human world. Even the current Great Yong Dynasty's laws have extended to my code. My code represents absolute order.

However, what I want to do now is to fuse absolute chaos and absolute order into one and create a brand new world structure. This is what I want to do. The North Star Empire is not worth mentioning in front of such a great will and ideal. How about it? Are you still not going to convert? "

The Dharma Saint, who circulated the two powers, seemed to have reached a certain limit. It was the Heavenly Venerable Realm. He seemed to be just a step away from stepping into the Heavenly Life Realm.

"North Star Empire, even if your cultivation recovers to its peak, you are still not my match."

The Dharma Saint said, "If I capture you and borrow your power, I can advance to the Heavenly Life Realm."

When the Dharma Saint circulated the power of the two medium dimensions, the Dharma Realm and the Sky Demon Prison, in addition to Wu Dangkong's Heavenly Sacrifice Decree, the North Star Empire started to collapse. It could not hold on at all. This was to be expected. It would be strange if the North Star Empire could hold on.

"Infiltrate, Son of Heaven Seal, Sun and Moon Entwine."

Wu Dangkong pointed. With the Dharma Saint's help, he unleashed the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree's power to the limit.

On the decree, a dense light wrapped around the North Star Continent, causing it to be unable to dodge at all. It seeped into the light from the outside and was about to be controlled by Wu Dangkong.

"I cannot accept this!" the North Star Empire roared. "Dharma Saint, you actually want to capture me. How can I let you have your way? Even if I have to destroy myself, I want you to die! "

"If I didn't have the Decree, you would have the ability to die with me. But now, you won't be able to do so." The Dharma Saint didn't care about the North Star Empire's words and increased his control over it.

"Five Element Destruction, Heavenly Monster Yuan Shen."

A destructive aura exploded from the North Star Empire's body and it started to break outwards. It gathered at one point and tried to charge out.

"How can it be so easy for you to risk your life?" The Dharma Saint smiled in disdain, "Longevity God, gather, seal, turn into a True God."

At that moment, he activated his plan. The huge power caused Longevity God and his small world to change shape. It turned into a seal that wrapped up the North Star Empire. Like that, he was using the Longevity God and the small world as a container to seal the North Star Empire.

Longevity God's cultivation was at Saint Realm and he was at the 34 Transformations of Dao Realm, Controlling Fate. Such a Saint was a giant in the world, not to mention that he had refined a small chiliocosm with three True God seats. Apart from that, there were also countless materials that formed the model of the Sun and Moon Lord. Such a container was the best and strongest container. The Dharma Saint was prepared and Longevity God had no way to fight back at all.

"Longevity God, this is your chance. The Dharma Saint wants to use you as a container to seal the North Star Empire, so he will inject a lot of power into you to nurture you. If we swallow you, we will be able to obtain many things." Gu Chensha said to Longevity God.

"It is all thanks to King's nurturing."

Longevity Immortal knew that his chance had arrived, and he was extremely excited. In the depths of his soul, he thought, It seems like I'm really blessed. After joining the Tranquil Immortal Department, my cultivation has risen steadily. If I didn't join the Tranquil Immortal Department, I'm afraid I would have fallen into the game between the giants and died without a burial. Even if I have some luck and wisdom, in front of giants like North Chen and Warlock Saint, I'm still not worth mentioning.

Sure enough, in order to seal the God of Longevity completely, the Warlock Saint suddenly poured the power of the two dimensional worlds into the God of Longevity's world and body. He didn't care about the God of Longevity's life or death and treated this Sage as a treasure to cultivate.

"Ten Thousand Laws, Ten Thousand World Code, all magic rings."

The Dharma Saint's buff landed without any cost, "Wu Dangkong, forcefully activate and strengthen Longevity God."

"Sun and Moon Super Light, Heaven and Earth Buff, All Life's Thoughts, Son of Heaven's True Meaning."

At this moment, Wu Dangkong seemed to have taken out his true ability. He activated it and a Son of Heaven's Dharma appeared behind his back. The Son of Heaven's Dharma turned into a cloud and covered Longevity God's body.

With the buff of the Son of Heaven's Dharma, Longevity God's cultivation rose once more. He actually reached the 35th transformation, Chaos Realm.

Of course, this was just a temporary increase. If the Son of Heaven's Dharma's power faded, he would still fall to the 34th transformation, Controlling Fate.

Once he reached the 35th transformation, Chaos Realm, he would be able to use the power of dust to form a Chaos World. He would have limitless power and it would be good for sealing the North Star Empire.

"Very good, Son of Heaven's Dharma. This buff is really good. I will help you stabilize it. "

Gu Chensha activated the Heaven Path Technique and instantly stabilized the Son of Heaven's Dharma's power. He then absorbed it into his body as a supplement. At the same time, he started to absorb the power that the Dharma Saint injected into him. The amount of power that he stole from the Dharma Saint was unprecedented, much more than the last time.

"The Dharma Saint spent so many resources to create the Lord of Sun and Moon's model and caused the North Star Empire to fall for it. I will use this chance to collect the model and then break it down to turn it into the Common People's Commander. For such a model to be able to trick the North Star Empire, one can see how strong it is and how much it has accumulated."

Gu Chensha said, "With this model of the Master of the Sun and Moon, I can create 360 more Common People Marshals. Of course, I can also transform into an existence even stronger than the Common People Marshal, the King of Common People." ..... My Sina Weibo is doing a lucky draw to give away an iPhone 7 and gold.

The event will end on the 13th, so if you repost my Weibo message, you will have a chance to get the big prize.

At the same time, after you repost the message, you can join our group. There will be prizes in the group too! Similarly, the active fans in the group will be screened out and given an iPhone 7!

The group from yesterday is full, so please add the second group number: 202641806, the third group number: 327727152.

Hangzhou locals can private message Scumbag and Little Five. Through the contact, you can come to my martial arts dojo to play. There will be people there to receive you and you will definitely have fun.