Chapter 760
===========

"Who would have thought that there would be a strange being who cultivated the Heavenly Dao Technique. He appeared out of nowhere, killed a true god, and caused such a commotion."

The Immortal Master looked at Gu Chensha and frowned, "You actually refined Xing Qiongshi's head into a gourd, and you even cultivated the Divine Prefecture Grand Technique, which allowed you to draw upon the power of the Divine Prefecture. Even when Xing Qiongshi was at his peak, he didn't have such a level." "Master Immortal, you are too polite."

Gu Chensha said, "I'm going to exterminate all of the devil race to refine my divine land gourd. I'm going to change heaven and earth and turn the universe around. Celestial master has mastered the prehistoric civilization, so he can lend me a hand. I wonder if you are interested in completing this unprecedented undertaking? "

"You want me to help you?" Master Immortal had a strange look on his face. "You want to destroy all the demons?

Your ambition is earth-shattering. Don't you know that doing this will destroy the order of the world? The Heavenly Dao will think of you as an enemy and give you a reward. If someone kills you, they will receive the promise of the Heavenly Dao. I have already meditated and received the call of the Heavenly Dao. If I kill you and sacrifice myself to the Heavenly Dao, the Heavenly Dao will give me a chance to reach the Divine Origin Realm. Do you think this is important? That is enough reason for me to kill you. " "The Heavenly Dao is going to attack me now?

Unfortunately, the Heavenly Dao in this world is fake. The real Heavenly Dao is suppressed so much that it can't do anything to me. "

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Master Immortal, it won't be that easy to kill me. Do you think that just because you were born from the primordial chaos, you can stop me from killing the demons?" "Could it be that you have some sort of trump card?"

Master Immortal didn't attack immediately. He looked at Gu Chensha with interest. "It is true that you have the Heavenly Dao Technique but your realm is too low. Even the gourd in your hand can only use a limited amount of power. It can't compare to a dimensional realm. The only thing that worries me is that you can use the power of the Divine Continent. But I am still confident that I can suppress you. But I am curious because you seem to be very familiar with me. I want to ask you about your background. "

"Do you really want to know?" Gu Chensha laughed. "Actually, you can, but I'm afraid you won't be able to accept the truth."

As he spoke, Gu Chensha sent a mysterious thought over. This thought contained information about the Immortal Master and Gu Taxian. Sure enough, the Immortal Master accepted this thought in an instant and was momentarily stunned.

Even though the Immortal Master was an ancient creature from the primal chaos, it was still very difficult for her to accept this matter. This was because her cultivation was extremely high, so she knew that the will that Gu Chensha transmitted to her was most likely not fake. If it was a God level expert with a low cultivation, even if it was a Saint, the first reaction would be disbelief.

However, she was different. Her cultivation had already reached a realm where she could discard the false and retain the true. She was able to comprehend the most fundamental secret of heaven and earth. Because the will transmitted by Gu Chensha was real, the Celestial Master was stunned. Whoosh! Gu Chensha seized this opportunity to make his move.

The Divine Land Bottle Gourd flew up, aimed at the Immortal Master, and started to absorb. A huge gush of Divine Land Power gushed out from it, wanting to pull the Immortal Master into the Divine Land Bottle Gourd. Crackle!

The moment the Divine Land Power wrapped around the Immortal Master, a myriad of rays of light gushed out from the Immortal Master's body. A myriad of mystic arts and an aura that came from ancient times descended. A vast history of civilization appeared from her body, directly squeezing away the Divine Land Power and breaking free from the restraints.

"To think that I can't shatter the power?"

Although the Immortal Master had broken free from the restraints, she was still extremely shocked. This was because according to her calculations, this move was completely capable of shattering Gu Chensha's Divine Land Power.

"Immortal Master, do you know why I dared to make a move against you? Sacrifice! "

At this moment, Gu Chensha suddenly started a sacrifice. The target of his sacrifice wasn't anyone, but himself in the real world.

Just now, he didn't know how many demons he had absorbed. These demons had all turned into real people under his new enlightenment of the Great People's Purification Scripture. These people started to pray, gathering a huge amount of sacrificial power. Gu Chensha fused this sacrificial power with his own power, carrying out a double sacrifice, which was to sacrifice himself in the real world. Sacrifice himself. This was something that was almost impossible.

But now, Gu Chensha was in a strange state. His spirit was being pulled into a dream world, while his real body was still in the real world. However, this dream world seemed to be real as well. In other words, he had already been split into two. As for the sacrifice, it was a kind of spiritual power that didn't belong to the physical world.

The spiritual power, in a certain sense, was an existence that even the Heavenly Dao couldn't control. The human heart was first, and the Heavenly Dao was second.

It didn't matter if this dream world was an illusion or reality. Even if it was an illusion in terms of the physical world, it was real in terms of the spiritual reaction.

In other words, if the living beings here used the sacrifice, the power produced would be the same as in the real world.

Gu Chensha used the power of living beings to gather the spiritual power, carry out a double sacrifice, break through the barrier, and directly communicate with the dream world and the real world. Rumble! Gu Chensha carried out the sacrifice, sacrificing himself.

In that instant, he vaguely grasped something mysterious and special, as if he had found the essence of communicating with the real world.

"Break through the fog, God is before me."

At this moment, Gu Chensha felt that he was about to break through the Heaven Realm's will in the Infinity Umbrella and return to the real world. This was because his sacrifice had passed through the Heavenly Dao's restraints and reached the real world. In fact, as he breathed, he felt as if he had broken through to the God Realm.

"What happened? He's going to break through. "

When the Immortal Master saw Gu Chensha's second attack coming, his body gave off a God-like aura, he was shocked. "What? This is … If the Heavenly Dao ascends to the God Realm, I'm afraid I'll be destroyed.

But this is also my best chance. When I'm at my strongest, I'll kill this person and obtain his memories and cultivation. Then, I'll be able to leave this world and reach the real world. I wonder how I'll face my other self when I reach the real world? Or will I become one, or will I become two different selves? This is really amazing. "

Without thinking, millions of rays of light shot out from her body again, and then condensed into an extremely small dot. This was the full power of her cultivation, which was condensed into one attack. Whoosh!

This small dot contained the Immortal Master's lifetime comprehension, as well as all his trump cards.

The small dot directly shot into the depths of Gu Chensha's mind, and actually blocked all of Gu Chensha's movements. At this moment, it was as if time had completely stopped.

"Hong long!"

All of a sudden, a huge force split apart in the sky once again. Several palms appeared. These palms contained the aura of The Great Spirit God, Wan Senshi, the three Great Empyreans, and many other ancient antiques. These antiques acted at the same time, seizing the opportunity to kill Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha had just appeared in the dreamland for a few days, and he had already turned the world upside down. He killed True Gods, Destruction Devils, and suppressed the Divine Deity Region. Such a huge commotion had long attracted the attention of many antiques. These antiques were meditating and comprehending. They could feel the order issued by heaven's will for them to kill Gu Chensha together. Whoever could kill this child would obtain the true reward of the Heavenly Dao.

At this moment when the Immortal Master and Gu Chensha were fighting to the death, many antiques took this opportunity to kill him. This could be said to be an unprecedented crisis for Gu Chensha! The real world! The Wish of the Commoners sphere.

Several days passed. Gu Chensha was still sitting there. His aura was grand, and his fate energy was appearing above his head. It was starting to become resplendent like the clouds. The higher-ups of the Calming Immortal Division were currently guarding by Gu Chensha's side. They did not leave. All of them were prepared to face a great enemy.

Even Grand Tutor Wen Hong who was preparing to subdue the Mysterious Yellow Dragon Emperor and obtain the 50 billion population of the Great Wei Dynasty had returned.

Wen Hong knew that the core of this system in the Calming Immortal Division was Gu Chensha. If Gu Chensha could cross the tribulation and become a Deity, everything would be fine. The Calming Immortal Division would then be able to look down on the world and compete with the Heavenly Dao. It was not a problem.

If Gu Chensha did not cross the tribulation and was turned to dust, then the Calming Immortal Division would not be able to survive.

Although they had the support of people like Lou Baiyue and Zhuge Ya, without the support of Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Arts, the Calming Immortal Division would lose many trump cards. Currently, the Calming Immortal Division's Wish sphere dimensional world was the result of Gu Chensha's accumulation of various methods. The King of Commoners, the Marquis of Commoners, and the Marshal of Commoners were all created by Gu Chensha.

"Chensha's tribulation this time is extremely great. We have to protect him well."

A small cauldron appeared and disappeared on Wen Hong's body. It was extremely powerful, as if the power of 10,000 people was boiling within it.

This was the third-ranked treasure of the Endless 36 Treasures, the Endless Cauldron. It was just below the Endless Sword and the Endless Saber.

The cauldron contained mountains and rivers, and was the best treasure to contain the energy of the people.

With Wen Hong's fate as the Son of Heaven's Mandate, controlling this cauldron could be said to be flawless, bringing out the best in each other.

"That's right. The Heavenly Dao Arts will become a Deity and devour the will of the Heavenly Realm. Whether it succeeds or not depends on whether Gu Chensha can wake up."

At this time, the Heavenly Venerable-Level Martial Sage spoke. There was a deep worry on his face. "Gu Chensha has two tribulations. The first one is him fighting against the will of the Heavenly Realm. The second one is our enemies.

It is very difficult for us to help with the first tribulation. He needs to overcome it himself. The second tribulation tests our defense. "