Chapter 329
===========

This Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth actually wanted to talk to him about helping him. This shocked Gu Chensha.

Demons killed people and were really cruel. Even if one's cultivation was high, it was the same. This was something that the demon gave them.

The fiend in front of him spoke with fervor and assurance, as if it was serious and not playing around.

Gu Chensha knew that demons couldn't be trusted, but he had to fight a battle of wits and strength. He hoped that he would be able to gain an advantage.

"Since you even know my identity, then you should know that demons and humans are enemies. We won't attack you, but over the millions of years, demons have attacked humans and caused so many deaths. Now, you actually want to say that you want to help me achieve dominance. Do you think I will believe you?" Gu Chensha looked at the demon coldly.

"It is simple. You have no choice."

The demon's mental energy was really weird, "If you don't agree, then you will die and become my sacrifice. If you agree, you will immediately obtain my support and your strength will increase by 1,000 times."

"You can't kill me. I knew that there was you and a 21 transformation old demon in this Demon Region. Would I have come down without any preparation?"

Gu Chensha chuckled. "Your other comrade has cultivated to the twentieth transformation, and possesses immense magical power. He burrowed into my sea of energy and my sea of consciousness in an attempt to refine me. Unfortunately, I managed to refine him."

When he heard this, the demon's expression became a little ugly, "Skeleton Demon Emperor is useless. So what if he was refined by you? I, the Skeleton Ash Devil Emperor, am several times stronger than him.

"So, this fellow is called Skeleton Demon Emperor."

Gu Chensha thought to himself. He probed, "Since you are so confident in capturing me, then do you know where the faction behind me is? I have a top expert behind me. If he comes, you won't be able to block him. " "You have built a faction called Calming Celestial Division. The strongest person is the Lord of Seven Stars. He is called Zhuge Ya. "

Skeleton Demon Emperor said, "His cultivation is around 19 transformations. Or maybe he has used the Heaven Monster Book and Buzhou Palace to reach 20 transformations. Truthfully, I am not his match, but he doesn't dare to come to the Demon Region. After he comes, naturally, Demon Emperors and Demon Gods will deal with him. "

As the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya's latent talent was at the peak of the Saint level, twice that of Fa Wuxian. That was indeed terrifying. Even at the Dao Realm Fourteen Transformations, he would be able to fight against experts at the Twenty Transformations. At the very least, at the same realm, Gu Chensha wasn't Fa Wuxian's match. At least, at the same realm, Gu Chensha wasn't Fa Wuxian's match.

Gu Chensha knew that Zhuge had mastered the Twenty Changes: Concentration, Dispersion, Impermanence, and Mana. He had many tricks up his sleeves. The Touch of Ghost and God outside was guarded by his Mana incarnation, Liu Yu, and the other four people. Moreover, Zhuge Ya must have calculated his situation and would not put him in danger.

"Does that mean that I have no choice?" Gu Chensha said, "But, what benefits do you want?" "Very simple. Once you obtain the throne, you will hold the decree and make me a True God."

Skeleton Demon Emperor said his thoughts, "In ancient times, there were demons who were made True Gods. I am not the first, right?"

The Skull Ash Demon Emperor voiced out his thoughts. "In ancient times, there were demons who were conferred the title of True God. I'm not the first one, right?" "You are really ambitious."

Gu Chensha thought about it. If a demon was made a True God, not only would his strength increase, but he would also obtain a God Throne and enjoy tens of thousands of years of lifespan.

Even if the Skeleton Demon Emperor cultivated the 22 transformations, he would only be able to live for 2,000 years.

The 18 transformations were the Great Dao Golden Core. After one cultivated it, one would have 1,000 years of lifespan.

The 19 transformations wouldn't increase one's lifespan but when one reached the 20, one's flesh and blood would merge into one and turn into spiritual power. That would increase one's lifespan to around 2,000 years.

Then, the 21 and 22 transformations wouldn't have any fundamental changes. This was because they were just an evolution of spiritual power, so the lifespan wouldn't increase by much.

But even if one cultivated to the 30 transformations, one would only have 3,000-5,000 years of lifespan. It was impossible to increase it further.

The further one went, the harder it would be to increase one's lifespan. Even if one increased it by one year, one would have to spend a lot of effort.

The laws of heaven and earth were like that. For normal people, even if the Yama King told them to die, who would be able to keep them alive? It was the same for celestial cultivators.

Those at the 30 transformations were the same as gods. But those who weren't made could only live for 5,000 years. But if they were, they would live for 30,000 to 50,000 years.

At the same 30 transformations, maybe the difference in combat strength wasn't huge but the difference in lifespan was huge.

For cultivators, combat strength wasn't the most important thing. The most important thing was to live long.

"The decree hasn't appeared and you think that I will definitely be able to get it?" Gu Chensha asked.

"The talisman has already appeared."

Skull Ash Demon Emperor said, "You just don't know about it. If you agree to work with me, then you will know where it is."

"What?" Gu Chensha acted like he was shocked. Actually, he knew where the talisman was, "The talisman has appeared?" "Right, but I won't tell you now."

The Skull Ash Devil Monarch said, "Furthermore, I will also impart the superior divine arts of the Maha Suppression Scripture to you. The scripture that you have learned is too shallow and isn't a superior divine art. I know at least one-third of the essence of the Hell-Shaker Scripture. Aren't you going to condense the Heavenly Demon Tree outside? I can bring you to kill the demons of the other tribes to increase your speed. How about that? "

In the Demon Region, there were all sorts of tribes and the battles were much more complicated than that of humans.

This Skull Ash Demon Emperor wanted to use Gu Chensha's strength to wipe out the other tribes and kill the evil demons.

"Since that is the case, then it seems like I can do it?"

Gu Chensha thought about it. Working with this Skull Ash Demon Emperor was like asking a tiger for its skin, but he could still make use of this demon. With his help, it would be much easier to kill the other demon races here. If he rejected this demon now and had to attack him right away, it wouldn't be worth it.

"Why? What do you think? "

The Skull Ash Demon Emperor could tell that Gu Chensha was a little tempted. He continued to urge, "Your Maha Hell Suppression Scripture isn't complete. I will teach you the true Maha Hell Suppression Scripture. You can use it to collect demonic souls and condense the Heaven Monster Tree. How about that?"

"Since the Skull Ash Demon Emperor said so, I am also a little tempted. Let's see how sincere we are in our cooperation. How about this? Let me cultivate the many techniques in the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture, and I will assist you to kill the demon races that are against you and strengthen your tribe. This can be considered an alliance. How about using this alliance to see how sincere we are?" Gu Chensha immediately thought of a plan that could satisfy both sides.

"That works too."

The Skull Ash Demon Emperor's eyes turned gloomy. It was unknown what vicious scheme he was thinking of. After a while, he nodded and sent a thought over.

Gu Chensha carefully accepted it and saw many cultivation techniques in his sea of consciousness. They were indeed the profundities of the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture. However, the content was a hundred times more than what he had obtained from Yi Ming. Many of the scripture's profundities were much deeper, and there were all sorts of strange techniques and methods to refine Dharma treasures. This was the true Demon Dao, Hell Dao, and Purgatory Dao.

Gu Chensha pondered carefully and absorbed everything into his sea of consciousness. He let his 100,000 selves calculate and evolve. In just a few breaths' time, he had already comprehended many things.

Many white spots appeared in the black sun behind his head. These white spots seemed to be condensing into demonic gods.

As for the three demonic gods that were the size of fleas, they were originally black. Now, they had turned white and were filled with a sacred aura. Originally, the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture was black flames and black demonic gods.

But now, the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture was black flames and white demonic gods. It was somewhat similar to the black and white Taiji diagram. Yin and Yang changed. Extreme Yin gave birth to Yang, and extreme Yang gave birth to Yin.

The cycle of Yin and Yang didn't belong to the Demon Dao. It was a true supreme technique that merged good and evil in ancient times.

Although God Maha was the King of Evil Gods, he wasn't an evil god. On the contrary, he was an existence that suppressed hell and could be called a supreme god.

This god was split into good and evil. In legends, he was the god of creation and destruction. He was the god of extreme evil and also the god of mercy. He had two personalities. The techniques he created weren't evil.

Gu Chensha obtained all sorts of knowledge from the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture. He combined them with the Heaven Demon Book's secret techniques and techniques and obtained a lot of experience. His Common People Heaven Mending Technique was nourished by this knowledge and deduced many things.

"This is the true Maha Hell Suppression Scripture."

Seeing the flea-sized demonic gods turn white in Gu Chensha's Maha Hell Suppression Scripture and the soybean-sized black lotus turn white, he knew that Gu Chensha had grasped the essence. Skeleton Ash Demon Emperor was shocked, "Let's go. I have passed you the true Maha Hell Suppression Scripture. That means that we have completed our agreement. Now, it depends on your sincerity to wipe out the tribe that is going against me."

"To catch bandits, first catch the leader. Now, we can work together to kill the leader of that tribe." Gu Chensha asked, "Which tribe is it?" "It is the Skeleton Demon Emperor that is with me."

Skeleton Ash Demon Emperor pointed at the giant fortress in the distance, "Out of the three of us, I am the leader. The rest are Skeleton Ding and Skeleton Si. You killed and refined Skeleton Si, but Skeleton Ding is still in the fortress.

He also leads many tribes. We are all under the command of the Skull Black Demon Emperor, but the three of us are always fighting each other openly and secretly, trying to find an opportunity to swallow each other up. This time, you have given me a great opportunity. " "So that is the case."

Gu Chensha said, "Then, let's not waste time. Let's head up and kill Skeleton Ding. How about we split its essence energy?"