Chapter 408
===========

"This Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple is where my first pot of gold is. If I hadn't snuck in and obtained large amounts of Seven Saint Heart Cultivation Pills, Dragon Transformation Tower, Black Tortoise Egg, and many other treasures, my faction wouldn't have developed so quickly."

Gu Chensha wasn't in a hurry to attack. He thought back to when he snuck in and stole many treasures. These treasures were his foundation. For example, the Seven Saint Heart Cultivation Pill was a rare treasure.

As for the Dragon Transformation Tower and Black Tortoise Egg, they were the main help of the Calming Xian Bureau. It was because of that theft that Gu Chensha became rich overnight and grew to his current level.

After sighing for a few breaths, Gu Chensha appeared in the air. He didn't care at all. Today, he was here to destroy this Dynasty Eclipse. Weng …

As soon as Huang Xiaolong's body appeared, a powerful pill energy fluctuation spread in all directions. Many powerful existences in the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple immediately sensed it. Boom!

The first to fly out was Yuan Shasheng. A wave of magic power gathered in the air and turned into his body. He had actually cultivated to the 20th Transformation of Impermanence.

A few years ago, he was only at the 16th Transformation of Reincarnation in a Corpse. In just a few years, he had broken through four levels. This was a miracle.

However, Gu Chensha knew that this person had used up a lot of energy to cultivate the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. His original intention was to merge his physical body and the Dragon Transformation Pagoda into one. That way, he would be able to break through many realms. Otherwise, he would have long cultivated to the Great Dao Golden Core.

Ever since he stole the Dragon Transformation Tower, this person's many years of accumulation had been destroyed. But because of the changes in heaven and earth, he received guidance from Demon Saint Li Wanlong and gained many benefits. But even with the guidance of a Saint, it wasn't easy to cultivate to his current level. It was obvious that Yuan Shasheng's talent was above Jing Fanxing's.

"Not bad, not bad at all, Yuan Shasheng. You've mastered the twenty transformations, Convergence and Dispersal. And your magic power is the Solid Rock Magic. Not bad, not bad at all." Gu Chensha looked at Yuan Shasheng and said, "Who else is in the Demonic Ape Temple today? All of you, come out. With your cultivation, I can annihilate you with a flick of my finger. " "Gu Chensha!" Yuan Shasheng's expression was extremely ugly. "Don't go too far."

He had long received news that Gu Chensha had killed Wang Ji, Xiao Yan, and defeated Jing Fanxing and Gu Huo in the Demon Domain. These people were all people with much higher realms than him.

Although he had entered the Nest of 10,000 Dragons to cultivate and obtained many opportunities and fortuitous encounters to make up for his previous shortcomings and cultivate his Dharmic powers, it was still not enough to fight against Gu Chensha.

"Today, I came here to annihilate the Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos. When the two armies are at war, I'm standing on the side of the common people, while you're standing on the side of the demonic beasts and barbarians. Both sides have nothing to say." Gu Chensha made a grabbing motion with his palm. In an instant, hundreds of Golden Cores rose from his body, condensing and devouring power.

When a Golden Core was condensed, it needed to absorb an immense amount of power to condense it in one go. It was just like when the Heavenly Demon Tree was born, it absorbed and plundered endless life force.

Gu Chensha now had the power of a hundred Golden Cores casually, and even the smallest of his Golden Cores was a hundred times stronger than the average Golden Core cultivator.

His casual inhalation and exhalation was equivalent to thousands, or even tens of thousands of Golden Cores of the Great Path immortal cultivators activating the matrix at the same time. Not even the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth could muster such a force.

With this grab and inhalation, it was as if Yuan Shasheng had encountered a black hole in the universe. All of his Dharmic powers flew towards Gu Chensha's palm. No matter how he struggled, he could not do anything. In his mind, Gu Chensha was the universe, the supreme god. No matter how many tricks he had, he could not use them. At this moment, he finally realized how terrifying Gu Chensha was.

If Gu Chensha wanted to kill him, all he had to do was grab him lightly. Any mystique, spell, or trick would seem laughable in comparison to this grab.

"Save me."

Yuan Shasheng let out a shrill cry. He was really panicking, because his life was at stake. Against Gu Chensha, no matter how many tricks he had, they were useless. "Great Ape King, save me!" Rumble!

At this moment, in the distance, a beam of sword light was like a rainbow, like the Milky Way. It was vast and mighty, and its demonic aura even covered the light in the sky. It slashed towards Gu Chensha. This beam of sword light could almost crush a mountain into dust.

As it descended from the sky, many beams of sword light split apart, forming many sword matrices, all of which attacked Gu Chensha.

"What Great Ape King? What a joke. "Gu Chensha did not even look. He just sucked!

All of the sword light and sword matrices were sucked into his body. They could not harm Gu Chensha at all. At this moment, Gu Chensha grabbed a person in his hand. It was Yuan Shasheng.

Yuan Shasheng could not resist at all. He was grabbed by Gu Chensha and held in his palm. Then, a powerful force pressed down, shrinking him into a bean-sized human figure.

"Gu Chensha, you can even block the Great Ape King's attack …" Yuan Shasheng was almost in despair. "I have nothing to say, but you started a war first. Next, it will be a real war. People will be plunged into misery and suffering. All of this was caused by you."

"Hahaha …" Gu Chensha laughed. "Yuan Shasheng, I know you are cunning. This person in front of me should be a magical clone of yours. With your personality, a cunning rabbit has three burrows. Since you have cultivated magical power, why would you put your real magical clone on this battlefield?" "Let him go." At this moment, a person appeared in the sky. No, it was not a person. It was an ape.

This ape was covered in black and gold fur. He was tall, as tall as three people. He had a human-like expression on his face. He just appeared in the sky without any magical ripples. He looked like a ghost or a god. This ape gave off a mental ripple.

"You are one of the ten War Kings of the ape race? The demon monkey known as the Great Ape King? "

Gu Chensha looked at the golden monkey and didn't seem to care. "Very good. Your cultivation base is a bit high. You're at the level of 22 Transformations of Heaven and Earth. I heard that the chief of your ape race is called Ape Desolation.

He has cultivated an undying body. If he does not come out today, I'm afraid this temple will be destroyed. " Gu Chensha was not in a hurry.

Among the demon race, the ape race was the strongest. Because they had the support of the Demonic Ape God, they did not even listen to the orders of the Nest of 10,000 Dragons.

Apart from that, there were many hidden antiques among the ape race. The chief was Ape Desolation. According to Gu Chensha's information, this demon had an undying body. Of course, there was no way he could be as strong as Jing Qiu.

Jing Qiu had an undying body, but his fighting prowess and abilities had left Fa Wuxian badly injured and forced him to flee. That was a testament to his cultivation base.

Unfortunately, the strongest of the ape race was not the current chief, but rather some of the older apes who had been cultivating in seclusion for thousands of years. Some of them had even reached the god level.

The intelligence of apes was the highest among all the demon races. Even humans had evolved from apes.

The ape race had the most cultivators from the demon race. Their meridians and acupoints were very similar to that of humans. Whatever cultivation methods humans could cultivate, they could also cultivate. Throughout the generations, the ape race had produced countless outstanding cultivators.

Gu Chensha had come to destroy the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple because he wanted to see what kind of experts from the Ape Tribe would appear. At the same time, he wanted to show the Demonkind and the Barbarians how strong he really was.

"Release him." The Great Ape King, one of the Ape Clan's ten great Battle-Kings, still said the same thing.

"If you don't answer my questions, you will die."

Gu Chensha punched out at the Great Ape King Seal. The punch seemed slow, but it was as fast as lightning. It reached the Great Ape King in the blink of an eye. The Great Ape King roared. Its body turned into a huge hammer that collided with Gu Chensha's fist. Bang! In that instant of contact, the hammer shattered, and the Great Ape King let out a miserable shriek.

Gu Chensha made another grabbing motion, and the hammer immediately shrank. Then, it once again transformed into the body of the Great Ape King. It was still the same size as Yuan Shasheng, and was sealed together in his palm.

At that moment, a fist-sized crystal ball appeared in Gu Chensha's palm. Yuan Shasheng and the Great Ape King were sealed within it.

"They are all useless." Gu Chensha shook his head. "This Godly Temple will be destroyed today!" RUMBLE!

All of a sudden, his body released thousands of rainbow-colored pill qi, which seeped into the depths of the temple. Immediately, screams rang out.

Balls of blood flew into the sky, fusing into the crystal ball in his hand, turning it blood-red. Yuan Shasheng screamed, "Gu Chensha, you stole the souls and blood of all the priests in my temple. This is a demonic art, the Blood and Soul Stealing Art of the Chaotic World Demon Tome. How are you any different from the demonic dao? "

"Yuan Shasheng, you're also spouting nonsense. How many of our people have you killed over the years? You even gathered an army, and you still want to talk reason with me?

However, I won't kill you now. Later, I'll use this clone of yours to cast a curse on your true body. Let's see who can save you then. "The reason Gu Chensha hadn't killed Yuan Shasheng yet was because he wanted to activate some curse mystic arts. Ancient curses were very mysterious, and curses were most proficient in the witchcraft. The most powerful witchcraft expert was none other than Xing Qiongshi.

Gu Chensha had acquired some of Xing Qiongshi's memories, which contained many secret magics and curses. After capturing the magical power of others, one could use the secrets of that incarnation to curse the true body.

It was like the witchcraft of the common folk, in which one could obtain the enemy's fingernails, hair, and other things, and then use the curse to kill the true body.