Chapter 1137
============

Fleeing in a Sorry Manner

"Who would've thought that this storm and tribulation would actually create someone like Chen Qi."

Lou Baiyue had obtained quite a lot of data from her observation. Her cultivation had improved once again, and she had benefited greatly. Unknowingly, they had already become like Gu Chensha, hiding in the shadows and beginning to collect data and research various changes to increase their own cultivation.

They had already become existences that cultivated in silence, not interfering with anything in the multiverse.

The changes in the multiverse allowed it to develop naturally. In the process of development, all sorts of unexpected things were recorded, and from there, they obtained resources for their own cultivation progress. The information they had obtained this time was simply too much.

That Chen Qi's sudden eruption, advancement, and lifespan had actually reached over a trillion years. This simply surpassed everyone in one fell swoop. Even that insufferably arrogant Qin Guang was far from being a match for him.

And there was no need to even mention the new world's Gu Xinjian and the old world's Will 'Gu Taxian'.

These two existences originally stood at the peak of the world, and almost no one could rival them. However, as the multiverse developed, they actually gradually began to fall behind.

First, Zhou Qin and the other five had appeared. Then, there was Qin Guang, and now there was Chen Qi. All of them far surpassed them. Just like that, they all felt as if the new waves of the river were surpassing the old ones. Kill! Between the heavens and the earth, endless changes were occurring. The sun and moon were trembling, and the heavens and the earth were trembling non-stop. This inconceivable world had actually begun to cater to Chen Qi's performance.

"Qin Guang, I have to thank you. If not for your invasion, I would not have been able to evolve the countless worlds I said I would have created into a true world. These worlds have all been integrated into the inconceivable universe."

Chen Qi said, "However, a person like you is actually an extremely dangerous existence to the universe. I have to suppress you, or else who knows how many universes will be harmed by you in the future." As he spoke, a palm appeared from Chen Qi.

His palm covered the sky and was immeasurably large, as if it could cover the entire void, an existence that was tangible and intangible. With a single strike, the light that Qin Guang was emitting was extinguished. Wow!

Qin Guang coughed up a mouthful of blood, which fell into the inconceivable world and transformed into a gigantic sea of blood. Within the depths of the sea of blood, countless demons appeared. The birth of these demons became the depths of hell, and boundless powerful existences were born, adding some variables to the inconceivable world.

With his cultivation base, he could create a universe with a single breath. Now that he spat out a mouthful of blood, he could create hell, which could give birth to countless Heaven-Dao Level monsters, and even Deathless Level experts.

"Chen Qi, just you wait. I won't let you have it easy." At this moment, Qin Guang.

Although he didn't dare to believe that he had been defeated just like that, he was an invincible existence, the only great existence that could only be born after god knows how many epochs. How could he be defeated by a nobody like that?

That small fry had even obtained power that far surpassed his. This was something that Qin Guang absolutely did not want to accept. But that was the reality.

At this moment, he had a taste of what Lin Yixun and the others had felt. Just like him, they had thought that they could control the universe, but they had been defeated by a nobody who had suddenly appeared.

However, at this moment, Qin Guang was extremely cunning. After he spat out his blood, his body rapidly shrunk, turning into an unknown dot, and he began to flee, escaping from this place.

"Where do you think you're going? Give it to me!" Chen Qi grabbed.

Instantly, a blade appeared on his body. This blade light was like a tidal wave, slashing down in the air.

"Wow!"

Qin Guang was actually slashed in half. More than half of his body fell directly into the inconceivable world, causing earth-shattering changes in this world.

Originally, Qin Guang had a lifespan of four to five hundred billion years, which was tyrannical to the extreme. However, after being killed by Chen Qi, he actually lost most of his lifespan. Now, he was only left with a little more than a hundred billion years.

Most of his body fell into the inconceivable world, causing the deepest level of changes in this universe, forcing Chen Qi to start suppressing it.

That was because in this inconceivable universe, there were many spaces and continents that were transformed from Chen Qi's world. If they were allowed to develop, these worlds would also be destroyed, so Chen Qi had to protect them. This gave Qin Guang a chance of survival.

"Hahahaha!"

Qin Guang laughed maliciously as he fled without a trace. As he fled, he said, "Chen Qi, you'll only be able to roam freely for a while. I believe that an even more powerful existence will kill you sooner or later. Furthermore, you have fetters. If you want to protect the people and the world around you, you'll definitely be dragged to death by them in the end. I will make it so that you won't be able to eat or sleep in peace. "

"This person has already completely lost his destiny." Chen Qi didn't care. His body emitted light, slowly suppressing it.

He suppressed the majority of Qin Guang's body in the deepest part of the inconceivable universe, making it impossible for him to cause any mischief. Then, he allowed this body to become the universe's nutrients. In the future, there might be many fortuitous encounters, and many powerful existences would be born.

"I didn't expect you to become the strongest in one go. Now, with your cultivation, you might be able to challenge Gu Chensha."

At this time, Qu Chen and the others surrounded him, including the will of the new world, Gu Xinjian and the will of the old world, Gu Taxian. These two existences looked at Chen Qi with complicated expressions. Although they had obtained many benefits this time, compared to Chen Qi, it was insignificant. Chen Qi's strength far surpassed theirs.

"Chen Qi, we will now serve you as our master."

Qu Chen and the others were very astute and immediately expressed their stance. This was because they knew that there was no other way. This newly born inconceivable universe was in fact completely under Chen Qi's control.

"There's no need to serve me as the master. We will establish a joint council and set rules so that this world can develop better. There's no need to kill the goose that lays the golden eggs."

Chen Qi waved his hand, "The first president of this council will be me. In the future, everyone will take turns to govern. Also, I have suppressed most of Qin Guang's body. Don't refine it. Let the body be absorbed by the origin of the world. Only then will you reap the benefits. Otherwise, if you refine and absorb it rashly, he might take advantage of it and meet with misfortune. This person can be said to be a centipede that won't fall even after being killed. Be careful of him causing mischief again. I have to stabilize my cultivation first before completely suppressing this person. This person is a scourge of the heavens. "Chen Qi wasn't that kind of person.

On the contrary, he was a righteous person who enjoyed helping others. He hoped that the world and the multiverse would become better.

He waved his hand, and instantly, many words and runes formed a contract. "Everyone, let us sign this contract. This will give this world more opportunities to develop. We cannot suppress anyone's progress. Do you know how to destroy a world that isn't old or new?

It was because Lin Yixun eliminated the dissidents and suppressed all those who had ascended to the Undying Realm. This caused a backlash and caused the world to end up in such a miserable state. We must not fall into such a state. "

"Chen Qi, we also have to be on guard against some things. First is the will of this world," the will of the new world, Gu Xinjian, said.

The new world had now completely disappeared, fusing into this inconceivable universe. The vastness of this universe was not something that anyone could hope to match up to. Because of this, once this universe gave birth to its own will, it would be invincible. It was probably even more terrifying than Chen Qi. They had to be on guard against this.

"The will of this world will be born sooner or later."

Chen Qi waved his hand. "Don't play any tricks, or you'll be in big trouble. I think we can still live for eternity, as long as we don't seek death. You all sign the contract to protect this inconceivable universe together. I'll go talk to Gu Chensha." "You're going to talk to Gu Chensha?" Everyone was shocked.

Qu Chen asked, "Chen Qi, have you already broken the control of this virtual panel and obtained an endless lifespan? Are you no longer restricted by Gu Chensha?"

"Not yet. I can't break the virtual panel. My lifespan is currently over 900 billion years, and I haven't broken through the 1 trillion mark. Once I do, things will be different. Perhaps there will be some new changes."

Chen Qi said, "That's why I'm going to talk to Gu Chensha, hoping to obtain some sort of opportunity." "Will you be in danger?" Gu Xinjian frowned.

"It's hard to say," Chen Qi said. "But at my level, it's hard to go any further. I can only try my luck.

Hurry up and sign the contract. I don't want you all to fight each other after I leave, and this world will be in turmoil again! "

Seeing Chen Qi like this, the others didn't dare to be negligent. They all signed the contract and left their soul imprints on it. Fortunately, the contract was fair and just, and it was beneficial to everyone. Therefore, none of the people present had any objections.

Seeing that everyone had signed the contract, Chen Qi waved his hand. The contract floated in the air and turned into a hall. This hall was the highest hall, and it was responsible for managing the inconceivable universe.

Then, Chen Qi's body moved slightly, and he left this place. He was no longer in the multiverse, and he seemed to have arrived at the deepest part of a mysterious space. In this space, there was no fate, no time, no space, no light, no darkness, no chaos, and no fate. After he arrived here, it was as if he didn't exist anymore.

"This is where Gu Chensha lives? Without reaching my current level of cultivation, it's impossible to find this place, "Chen Qi said.