Chapter 187
===========

The Dragon Transformation Pagoda was Gu Chensha's trump card.

With this pagoda, Innate Stellar Qi could not be harmed, and it could even be converted into Dragon Energy to enhance one's aptitude.

From this, it could be seen that if Yuan Shasheng succeeded in refining this pagoda and absorbed it into his body, his cultivation would rise to a certain level.

When Gu Chensha used his Xiantian Astral Energy to rush into it, the Dragon Transformation Pagoda itself was also squirming.

Gu Chensha's Innate Energy was no small matter. It was the Lunisolar Draconic Energy that could destroy all evil, punish all evil, nourish the common people, and nourish the world.

He used the Sun and Moon Refining Technique to perfect the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, allowing it to advance one step further.

The Dragon Transformation Pagoda changed a few times, but it was no longer in the shape of a pagoda. Instead, it turned into a small arched door.

"Untainted Universe Dragon Sect?"

Gu Chensha was overjoyed. "My Sun and Moon Dragon Handle can actually transform the Dragon Transformation Pagoda again and evolve it into the embryonic form of the Primeval Dragon Gate? Although it's a fake, it's much more effective than the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. " A large number of Sun and Moon Dragon's Repulse rushed into the embryonic Dragon Gate.

The whirlpool inside the Dragon Gate spun, producing a huge suction force that seemed to be able to suck in the Sun and Moon Dragon Handle endlessly. In an instant, Gu Chensha once again felt that his Innate Energy of Vigor was insufficient. The speed at which he consumed the Heavenly Dew increased.

Fortunately, he had the support of tens of thousands of kilograms of Heavenly Dew. Otherwise, it would have been impossible for him to cultivate the Dragon Gate to such a level.

At this moment, the Dragon Transformation Pagoda had transformed into the embryonic form of the Dragon Gate. Even though it was a replica, the speed at which it absorbed Innate Stellar Energy and its capacity were greatly increased.

If the Dragon Gate can devour other Innate Earth Qi and convert it into Dragon Qi to improve one's potential, then it can also devour my Innate Earth Qi and convert it into Dragon Qi. Since that's the case, I will infuse it into the Dragon Gate to improve my potential and turn myself into a genius!

Gu Chensha had used the Dragon Transformation Pagoda to condense a Dragon Core and raise his aptitude to Superior Grade. Now, he was going to raise it again and become a genius.

If it was the true Great Desolate Dragon Gate, it would be able to raise people to Innate Sages. However, the Dragon Transformation Pagoda could only raise people to become geniuses. However, a genius was enough for Gu Chensha.

Although the aptitude of geniuses was far from that of peerless geniuses, let alone Innate Saints, they still had a place in the Immortal Dao sects. With his genius aptitude, Gu Chensha's cultivation speed would definitely not be the same as before. One had to know that there was an insurmountable gap between superior aptitude and genius.

Sure enough, when Gu Chensha's Sun-Moon Dragonwell entered the Dragon Gate, he didn't use the Sun-Moon Refinement, but rather the Dragon Nourishing Incantation. Instantly, the Sun-Moon Dragonwell condensed and transformed into dragon qi, which then condensed into a dragon core. Finally, a huge Dragon Core was formed in the depths of the Dragon Gate. The Dragon Core melted again and entered Gu Chensha's body, blood, soul, and brain. Crack!

Gu Chensha was in high spirits. He felt that the essence of his soul could travel through time and space. His brain, which was not very bright before, became extremely intelligent.

On his body, spiritual light flashed like lightning. Even more martial arts concepts emerged. His creative ideas were as numerous as the hairs on a cow.

"Is this the aptitude of a genius?" Gu Chensha casually circulated his energy and felt that his strength had increased tremendously, and he could not be compared to before.

"King Dragon Armor! Come on! The Blade of Exorcism! Come on! "

He used his Sun-Moon Draconic Repulse and large amounts of Sky Dew to turn the Dragon Formation Tower into the Dragon Gate. He then used the Dragon Gate to absorb large amounts of Sun-Moon Draconic Repulse to form a Dragon Core to raise his talent. This series of changes caused his strength to increase by several times.

Of course, this was the limit of the Dragon Gate. In the future, even if the Dragon Gate absorbed energy to form a Dragon Core, it wouldn't be able to increase talent.

The Dragon Gate could absorb Xiantian Energy and turn it into Dragon Energy and Dragon Core. It could also store Xiantian Energy and use it to refine the Dragon Gate itself. All of this followed Gu Chensha's heart technique. The Dragon Gate's treasure had the ability to snatch the essence of heaven and earth.

After comprehending the Dragon Gate, Gu Chensha decided to go all out. He refined the King Dragon Armor and Blade of Exorcism to the peak. Anyway, he had Sky Dew to support him. Weng …

Ocean amounts of Sun-Moon Draconic Repulse surged into the depths of the King Dragon Armor and Blade of Exorcism. Gu Chensha reached out and activated the Sun and Moon Refinement.

He was now at Dao Realm Transformation Six and also had talent. His comprehension of the Sun and Moon Refinement was much higher than before. A genius's talent and comprehension of martial arts were really shocking.

His Xiantian Energy flowed in the depths of the King Dragon Armor and Demon Exorcism Blade, clearing up his meridians, opening up his joints and even starting to form his acupoints.

"Sun and Moon Dragon Flame!"

He sacrificed fresh blood once more to draw in the Dragon Flame to burn. Large amounts of Sun and Moon Draconic Repulse were consumed. Under his exquisite refinement techniques, the sword and armor turned into all sorts of shapes. Gulp, gulp!

He consumed Sky Dew like it was nothing to increase his blood and energy. If the old antiques in the Celestial Path saw this, they would probably scold him for being a wastrel.

"Change! Change! Change! "

Gu Chensha's hands formed seals and he controlled the Xiantian Energy to wrap around it. He hadn't reached Dao Realm Transformation Seven and wasn't familiar with the circulation of energy. He could release it but he couldn't retract it. But it was enough to refine treasures. Honglong!

The King Dragon Armor was the first to change. This armor's quality wasn't bad and it had swallowed the Sky Demon Relic shard. It had formed an Essence Spirit and was refined many times.

Now that it absorbed the Sun and Moon Draconic Repulse and was being burned by the Sun and Moon Dragon Flame, it instantly changed.

The entire armor became bigger and spread out, turning into a shining golden fire cloud. It was three to four acres of land and many small dragons swam about. Many runes appeared in the center.

Gu Chensha raised his hand and shot out balls of Sun and Moon Dragon Handle which entered. Flames surged and 10,000 dragons roared in unison. The Demon Descending Blade flew out, turning into a giant sword that sped through the golden clouds. Sword and armor were refined together.

"Dragon Gate!" Gu Chensha opened his mouth and a small Dragon Gate flew out. In the blink of an eye, it was as tall as a person. It sucked in the Demon Descending Blade and the fire cloud that the armor had turned into. The depths of the Dragon Gate were pitch-black and who knew what was hidden there?

The sword and armor were brewing within. Gu Chensha sucked in the Sky Dew once more and sent the Sun and Moon Dragon Handle into the Dragon Gate.

He circulated the Sun and Moon Dragon Handle to the extreme and there was actually a rumble of lightning in the depths of the Dragon Gate. The treasure entered the Dragon Gate and its nature changed.

"All Sky Dew! Drink it all! "

Gu Chensha didn't know how much Sky Dew he had drunk. He only felt that the Sky Dew in the gourd was getting lesser and lesser. He drank a few hundred kilograms and instantly converted it into Sun and Moon Dragon Handle, which the Dragon Gate absorbed endlessly. In the end, the gourd was filled with tens of thousands of kilograms of Sky Dew.

He didn't know how much Xiantian Gang Qi had accumulated in the depths of the Dragon Gate. The King Dragon Armor and the Demon Descending Blade were spat out and underwent a new change. The King Dragon Armor had turned into an ancient word, the word 'A'. As for the Demon Descending Blade, it had turned into the word 'Blade'.

This was the Sun and Moon Refining Technique of the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art. It could return to the origin and impart the true meaning of the Primordial Era. These were the words of the Primordial Era.

The ancient Sages created words according to the supreme principles of heaven and earth. They condensed the true meaning of all things and turned it into runes. It could be said that words were also a type of rune. When people saw a word, they would understand the true meaning of an object or thing. Words were the representation of the communication between runes and the world.

Right now, the King Dragon Armor had condensed into the word 'A', and the Demon Descending Blade had turned into the word 'Blade'. This was equivalent to obtaining the true meaning of the words. Their power had increased, and they could kill demons and ghosts in the blink of an eye.

"Upper body!"

Gu Chensha swallowed the Dragon Gate into his abdomen and pointed. The word 'A' once again turned into the King Dragon Armor and was worn on his body. Almost all of his body was hidden, and even his aura was gone. The Demon Descending Blade was also held in his hand. As it swayed, it also became invisible. Formless and traceless. Voidwalker.

At this moment, Gu Chensha had a sword in his hand, armor on his body, and the Dragon Gate in his abdomen. Xiantian Gang Qi circulated throughout his body. In the depths of the Dragon Gate, he had stored a large amount of Sun and Moon Dragon Aura, which could support his consumption at any time.

Normally, people who had reached the Six Transformations had limited Xiantian Gang Qi. Gu Chensha was no exception.

For example, the Shadow Priest had also reached the Six Transformations, and his Xiantian Gang Qi could release about ten attacks.

Even if Gu Chensha did not need the Dragon Gate to store Xiantian Gang Qi, he could still release hundreds of attacks with his own dantian.

With the Xiantian Gang Qi stored in the Dragon Gate, he could even release thousands, or even tens of thousands of attacks.

The Dragon Gate had too many functions, and it was one of the best Dharma treasures for storing Xiantian Gang Qi.

However, no matter how much Xiantian Gang Qi he could store, it could not compare to Lou Baiyue. Lou Baiyue's Great Massacre God Technique had endless Xiantian Gang Qi.

"It's a pity that this Sea Carrying Gourd is also an extremely powerful Dharma treasure. I can refine it and store Xiantian Gang Qi, but I don't have time to refine it now. When my cultivation is higher, I will refine this treasure, and then I will have more protective treasures!" Gu Chensha looked at the Sea Carrying Gourd.

This Sea Carrying Gourd was a Space Dharma treasure, and there were many mysteries hidden within it. It was a pity that he did not have the energy and time to refine it.

All these changes, from the Heaven Telling Sacrifice, deduced the many changes behind the Clumsy Fist. He comprehended the complementation between the Clumsy Fist and the Son of Heaven's God Investiture Technique. His cultivation increased greatly, and he broke through the Six Transformations of Dao Realm. Then, he used the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy to transform the Dragon Transformation Tower into the Dragon Gate, and with the help of the Dragon Gate, he pushed himself to the level of a genius. Then, he consumed all the Heavenly Dew, and the King Dragon Armor and the Demon Descending Blade evolved to an even stronger level. This series of changes only took a few dozen breaths.

Outside, Lou Baiyue and The Fourth had joined forces to activate the 10,000 Miles Soaring Cloud Flag, and were already fighting with Yuan Shasheng, Li Wangsheng, Luluha, and some demons. In Buzhou Palace, fierce battles were raging, and the sky and earth were turning upside down.

Lou Baiyue was extremely fast, and no one could touch her. With a wave of her hand, the Great Massacre God Technique's Xiantian Earth Energy was released, and it turned into a sky full of stardust. They were all lightning, and they exploded all the attacks.

The Fourth relied on the speed of the 10,000 Miles Soaring Cloud Flag to appear and disappear like a ghost. He worked together with Lou Baiyue, and after the God Massacre Thunder broke the enemy's protective Earth Energy, he suddenly punched out, aiming for the enemy's vitals. This way, when they fought, the two of them were not at a disadvantage.

But this battle attracted more and more experts. The Celestial Dao people didn't help, and they all hid to watch. The Barbarian Race experts, Evil Demons, and Monster Race experts all attacked Lou Baiyue and The Fourth.