Chapter 100
===========

Also in the Boorish Lands, thousands of miles away from his tribe, there was a large tribe that had been conquered. At this time, it was also undergoing construction. Countless craftsmen and slaves were working in full swing. Tall buildings were rising from the ground. There were also merchants and adventurers coming from afar. Martial artists armed with swords and sabers were buying and selling goods in the tribal market.

The market here was flourishing. There were all sorts of special products and treasures of the Boorish Lands. However, it was very orderly. No one dared to rob or cause trouble here.

This was because there were rows of corpses nailed to the wooden stakes outside the market. They were all executed on the spot for killing and robbing people here. This was Lou Baiyue's territory.

In the center of the territory, there was a mansion being built. It was square and took up a thousand acres of land. However, it was ten times smaller than Gu Chensha's mansion.

Moreover, it was done manually. There were many slaves moving all sorts of things. The mansion was not finished yet. Lou Baiyue was not here. Instead, she was in a wooden house on a nearby mountain peak.

After conquering a tribe, she did not advance this month. Instead, she set up camp and occupied the land.

This was the plan of all the princes. They knew that it was impossible to wipe out all the barbarians in one go. They had to first stabilize their foundation, attract experts and mobilize the strength of the people. Only then would they be able to stabilize the land.

Moreover, after conquering a tribe, it was the prince's land. It was impossible for the prince to give it up. This was a large piece of land. They were the masters of their own territory.

Although it was in the Boorish Lands, the land was vast. The mountains and forests were full of treasures. If they could occupy it, they would be rich.

"Princess, Sixiang, Meixiang and Xue Xiang have sent news. After Nineteenth Highness obtained the land that Long Yuyun and Frost Jade Dew conquered, some treasure appeared. He asked the Heavenly Craftsman Institute to help. They actually used the Herculean Heavenly Craftsman Ghost God to build the mansion and the entire land in three days. At the same time, they are repairing the roads. It is estimated that within a month, they will be able to build a road from the pass to his mansion." Yuxiang reported.

"This is strange."

Lou Baiyue was shocked. "The Heavenly Craftsman Institute wants to use the Herculean Ghost God. Only a few hidden peerless people have the ability. They are already Immortal Craftsmen. Other than the Emperor, no one can invite them. Moreover, to use the Herculean Ghost God, they need to consume their own blood to feed them. What benefits did he offer? Even those old fogies were tempted?

Those people from the Heavenly Craftsman Institute will only do things if they want to make a profit. They don't have the habit of doing things for free. " "Your Highness, it seems that His Royal Highness has caught up from behind?

Up until now, none of the princes have finished developing their territories, let alone building roads. "

Yu Xiang was a little worried. "The construction of our fief is still very slow. The main reason is that the roads are blocked, and many materials can't be transported in. This has delayed the construction period. Moreover, it has also blocked many adventurers from coming from within the pass. The merchant caravans can't come in, and it's difficult to sell the goods that we have conquered from the tribes."

"There's nothing we can do about it. We can only take it slow. Bring all the barbarian slaves to repair roads, open mountains, and build bridges."

Lou Baiyue frowned. "Looks like I'll have to have a good talk with the people from the Heavenly Craftsman Institute. Not to mention the construction of the mansion, which I can't afford, but the road needs to be built as soon as possible. Those old guys want them to control the Demon God of Strength, and no amount of money is enough. We need a treasure that can move them. Even though I have such a treasure, I won't give it away just for this." "Princess, are we still constructing now? Are we not sending troops? "Yu Xiang asked.

"Of course. This is my fief, and it's the foundation for generations to come. Let the Lou family send more disciples here to gain experience."

Lou Baiyue sighed. "But the disciples of the Lou family have been living like princes all these years. They live comfortably in the capital city. Who would be willing to come to the Wilderness to suffer?"

"Actually, the maternal families of the princes also have this drawback. I heard that the Seventh Prince sent many young disciples of Legalism to his fief with money and benefits, but only a few were willing to go. They all said that it was dangerous, that the barbarians could counterattack at any time, and that the environment was terrible." Yu Xiang said, "Instead, many disciples of the country gentlemen and local tycoons came."

"There is no end to the boundless wilderness. This is a national policy. Those who are brave enough to forge ahead will be favored by the heavens. Many inconspicuous clans will rise up, while those thousand-year-old noble clans will gradually decline."

Lou Baiyue stood up. "Tell father to send the younger generation of the Lou family, as well as those idle and useless playboys from our hometown here. I will train them. If there are outstanding disciples, I will focus on training them." "Yes."

Yu Xiang nodded quickly, but said, "The world has been peaceful for a long time. People are vain and have long lost their drive to forge ahead. The Emperor may have noticed this long ago, which is why he brazenly launched an attack on the barbarians. With the princes as the lead and the temptation of benefits, he roused the courage of the people. This is a national policy, and also a good opportunity for the Lou family to rise. In fact, every aristocratic family has a hundred times more playboys than talented disciples. If Princess is worried about those playboys, can you get some Tiger-Wolf Pills from the Nineteenth Highness?" "You are right." Lou Baiyue praised. "I wonder if Gu Chensha has any more Tiger-Wolf Pills?

Some of our Lou family's disciples are infuriating. They eat, drink, and play all day long. They get drunk in the brothel, and even bully the kind. No matter how we teach them, we can't beat them too hard, and we can't kill them. If we give them Tiger-Wolf Pills, they will completely change. " "I will let Si Xiang and the others investigate." "What?

The Nineteenth Prince has already built his territory, and asked the Heavenly Craft Institute to help. "In the same tribe, the Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha was also shocked.

His territory was also under construction, but apart from the barbarian slaves and his own people, there were few adventurers and caravans coming to his territory. It was relatively deserted, far from Lou Baiyue's territory.

"What's going on? Why haven't the merchants come and set up camp here?" He asked the person beside him.

"Tenth Master, Lei Tong asked for bribes from the merchants at the border. He said that if they want to enter Tenth Master's territory to do business, they must please him, or else they can forget about coming. Those merchants are all unwilling, "the servant beside him said carefully.

"That idiot Lei Tong, at this time, he actually took this opportunity to make a fortune!"

Gu Zhensha almost flew into a rage. "Laozi will go and tear him apart. He is used to being a tyrant in the Lei family, and he actually dares to ruin my plans."

"Tenth Master, please calm down. Lei Tong is the patriarch's most beloved son. This time, he was sent to assist Tenth Master because of the Thunder Dragon Staff. If Tenth Master beats Lei Tong again, I'm afraid the patriarch won't be able to keep his face, and it won't be good for the Empress to face her clansmen. The Empress specially ordered us to properly advise Tenth Master not to get into a deadlock with the clansmen. After all, in the future, you will need the support of the clan."

The servant immediately knelt down to dissuade him. Gu Zhensha's anger became even more difficult to contain as he scolded, "This group of clansmen usually live like princes, but not only do they not help at crucial times, they even drag me down. Wait until laozi's cultivation is successful, I will definitely clean them up. I will help the people who listen to me. "

"My cultivation is climbing. A few days ago, when I fought with the barbarian race general, I finally broke through to the third transformation. From now on, I won't be injured by blades and can walk freely in the wilderness. This is great news." The servant knew how to calm down his rage.

"Scoff!

On account of my mother, I won't bother with Lei Tong. Contact those merchants and tell them to come in to do business. I will rent land for free and provide food and shelter. I will also send troops to protect them. "Gu Zhensha ordered.

Far away from the wilderness, numerous ships sailed into the ocean from the canal. They brought all sorts of goods and dumped them to many countries overseas. At the same time, there were many ships that entered from overseas. The taxes from the customs flowed into the treasury. The Great Yongchō's fleet was also the strongest in history. Under the bombardment of the cannons, any pirate or thief would just be asking to die. The commander in charge of the Great Yongchō Navy and customs was the Crown Prince Gu Hengsha. He was the eldest son of the Heaven Talisman Emperor.

His residence was by the sea and the manors were connected to each other. There were many layers and one couldn't see the end.

At that moment, in the depths of the residence, outside the dark hall, someone knelt down and reported something.

"First Majesty, Long Yuyun has taken the people of Dragonsword Island to Nineteenth Majesty's side. Yu Hanlu has taken her people to his fief as well. It seems like they're coming to an agreement …" The person knelt outside the door, but he could not see what was happening inside. He could only feel darkness and nothingness, as if there was no light in the hall, and it led to a pitch-black demonic domain.

"Bring all the recent intelligence reports over. I want to read them carefully." In the depths of the hall, a cold voice spread out. There was no emotion at all.

"Yes!" That person waved his hands behind him. Instantly, people carried a few large boxes of intelligence reports over.

Suddenly, an invisible energy swept out. Those few boxes of intelligence reports were swept into the depths of the dark hall and disappeared. A long while later, a voice spread out from within, "Old Seven has finally cultivated the Glass Jade Body?

I thought he would never be able to break through. Everyone says that he has the highest cultivation among us princes, but they don't know that I've been ahead of him for a long time. I just don't want to expose myself, so I purposely spread rumors that my cultivation is low. " The servant kneeling outside did not dare to answer. He was expressionless. He was a death warrior.

"As for that trash Nineteen, he has an expert guiding him. Otherwise, how could he have the treasure to ask that old guy from the Heavenly Craftsman Institute to use the Strength Demon God?"

The voice in the darkness said, "Send a message to Long Yuyun. Tell her to bring people here and kneel before me. Otherwise, I will kill her brother and drain his blood." "Yes!" The death warrior said.

"Also, kill Yu Hanlu. Since she wants to join that trash, only death awaits her.

Also, let the Crown Prince replace me and conquer a barbarian tribe. It will be my fief. The Wilderness will be a strategic location in the future. We must make arrangements. " "Yes!"