Chapter 549
===========

"You absorbed the Sacred Dragon's Blessing?" Gu Tanjian immediately asked when he saw "Wudang Prosperity." "I haven't absorbed it yet. I'm preparing to store it and absorb it together."

Gu Chensha already had experience dealing with Gu Tanjian. "I wonder if Alliance Chief has refined the Hundred Treasures Immortal River?" "You don't have to ask about this." Gu Tanjian's expression turned cold.

Gu Chensha snickered. The Hundred Treasures Immortal River contained the Immortal Master's will. How could Gu Tanjian have the strength to refine it? Even if he borrowed the power of The Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor, it would still be difficult. Moreover, Gu Chensha had already set up his own restrictions in the Hundred Treasures Immortal River.

He used his Heavenly Dao Art cultivation to simulate the Essence Qi of the magic treasure. Even the Immortal Master's restrictions couldn't detect him. Therefore, he could keep track of the Hundred Treasures Immortal River's movements at all times.

According to his calculations, the Hundred Treasures Immortal River seemed to be placed on an altar. The altar was densely packed with curses that looked like locusts. They were black and dense, constantly eroding into the altar. This was the power of The Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor. Gu Tanjian was using this power to refine the treasure into his own magic treasure.

"That's Gu Tanjian's Minute Dust World. I don't know where he obtained this Minute Dust World. It's just like how we obtained the Heavenly Demon Book back then."

Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Art cultivation had reached the "Past Reflection" realm. Based on the restrictions he had set up, he could see many of Gu Tanjian's secrets. This was a plan he had come up with long ago. He might be able to obtain the secrets of The Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor from Gu Tanjian.

Apart from that, Gu Chensha also sensed through the Hundred Treasures Immortal River that Gu Tanjian's Minute Dust World contained the Sacred Dragon's Qi and many other treasures.

"Wait, I'm waiting."

Gu Chensha already had his own plan, which was to let Gu Tanjian use the powers of The Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor to refine the Hundred Treasures Immortal River. Then, the Immortal Master's will would definitely retaliate. When the two forces collided, the Minute Dust World would definitely shake. Then, the Heavenly Dao Restriction he left behind would immediately refine the Hundred Treasures Immortal River and take away the Sacred Dragon's Blessing and many other treasures. In fact, he could even use the power of the Life's Wish sphere to sweep the entire Minute Dust World away, causing Gu Tanjian to lose everything. This was the reason why Gu Chensha had exchanged with Gu Tanjian. Gu Chensha did not covet that bit of Sacred Dragon Blessing.

In terms of scheming and plotting, in terms of the Dao of Temple Divination, Gu Tanjian and Gu Chensha were worlds apart.

"Alliance Master, today is another meeting to discuss the matter of launching a thunderous attack on the Calming Immortal Department. I wonder how Fa Wuxian and Xuan Xin's arrangements are going?

How many years has it been since the Demon Race and the Immortal Dao Mystic Sect joined hands to attack? "Gu Chensha probed.

"The Calming Immortal Department is really courting death." At this moment, a voice was heard.

Wu Dangkong appeared here, and her face revealed joy. "I have already convinced the Martial Emperor, King Wu Yu, and the other nine god-rank experts. When the time comes, they will also launch a thunderous attack on the Calming Immortal Department."

"If the Wu Clan makes a move, it will be no small matter. I wonder if Fa Wuxian convinced the Demon Race. Will the Legalism Clan make a move?

If the Legalism Clan makes a move, the chances will be much higher. "Crown Prince Gu Xuansha also appeared here. The World Alliance's three magnates had all gathered.

"The Legalism Clan will definitely wait for an opportunity to make a move. If the Calming Immortal Department is in danger, it is impossible that the Legalism Clan won't take the biggest share."

Wu Dangkong said, "The Calming Immortal Department is full of fat meat. Putting aside the Dragon Creation Mantra and Dragon Nurturing Mantra, there are many treasures in the Minor Chiliocosm. Moreover, Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and Gu Huasha are all natural saints.

Not to mention, there are the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise, the four great sacred beasts. If you can obtain any one of them and raise them in your own world, you will benefit greatly. " "The Calming Immortal Department is a tall tree that attracts the wind. They have gone overboard."

At this moment, Gu Chensha had no choice but to speak up. He wanted to do his best to resolve this crisis. He thought to himself, 'It seems that I have been too kind to these people. These people have made a move against the Calming Immortal Department time and time again, destroying the Imperial Court, and wanting to plunge the people into misery and suffering. This Wu Dangkong can die a hundred times without regret.'

"Everything has been prepared." At this moment, another figure descended. It was actually Xuan An.

The son of the Black Heaven Earth Sect's Sect Master had been roped in by Wu Dangkong. It was unknown who had done this through.

As the son of the number one sect's Sect Master, Xuan An had great prestige. In the Profound Immortal Dao Sect, he was second only to Dou Nineteen.

"How is it going?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"Naturally, it is going smoothly. I have already contacted the Scarlet Heaven Sect's Sect Master. The Scarlet Heaven Sect is going to use the power of the Minor Chiliocosm to attack the Calming Immortal Department."

Xuan An nodded. "With this as the foundation, there is no chance of anything going wrong. Although the Calming Immortal Department's Common People's Wish sphere is hidden, all the signs indicate that it has already transformed into a Minor Chiliocosm. However, the initial incarnation does not have much power. In the end, it still lacks a foundation."

"I will also use the Martial Saint's Paradise to attack from both sides. We must completely annihilate the Calming Immortal Department. We must destroy them in one fell swoop and eliminate this great threat." Intense hatred and killing intent appeared on Wu Dangkong's face. She hated the Calming Immortal Department to the bone.

"Wu Dangkong, once we destroy the Calming Immortal Department, you can carry out a great purge of the imperial court."

Gu Tanjian added fuel to the fire. "Right now, whether it is in the imperial court or among the common people, your reputation is unbearably bad. You are known as the Evil Concubine. All the teahouses, restaurants, clubs, and brothels in the world basically sing and play songs every day. Even the common people's newspapers and novels have written about you. Since ancient times, you are practically the number one evil concubine who has brought disaster to the country and its people. This is all because of the Calming Immortal Department." "Damned thing!"

When Wu Dangkong heard this, she was simply unable to restrain her anger. This was also the reason why she had unleashed a sure-kill attack on the Calming Immortal Department.

As the situation developed, she became the target of everyone's condemnation. The common people described her as a shameless and lewd woman, the most treacherous and evil woman in history. When she cultivated, she could even feel the curse of all living beings.

Although she could completely resist it with her cultivation, this situation would only become more and more intense. In a few more years, perhaps the curse of all living beings would gather in the air and form a supreme will that would seep into her destiny. When she absorbed spiritual energy, it would enter her primordial spirit, which would be extremely disadvantageous to her cultivation.

The wishes of all living beings could condense a small chiliocosm, and the curse of all living beings could also cause a god to be polluted.

Wu Dangkong was not a god yet, but she could already feel the extreme difficulty of cultivating. When she absorbed spiritual energy and immortal qi, she could feel the curse that came along with it. She had to go through refinement before she could fuse it with her transcendence energy. This was tantamount to many difficulties.

Right now, to her, the best method was to kill off the Calming Immortal Department and then carry out a great purge of the world. Anyone who spoke ill of her would be killed. After a few purges, she would then cultivate her reputation. Very soon, public opinion would be favorable to her, and she would be able to change the hearts of the people of the world. There were countless examples in history.

The once cruel and heartless emperor, after the purge, changed into a benevolent and righteous ruler. Wu Dangkong was still very confident in her methods of purging.

"I've already contacted the Demon Race."

At this time, Fa Wuxian also appeared, "Dwarf Demon Race's Saint Demon Dwarf Death Emperor, Demon Dragon Race's ancestor, Demon Dragon Gui Mie. Dark Armor Great Demon Race's old demon, Dark Armor Yu Hai. Blood Demon Race's ancestor, Blood River Chi Sa.

And Ox Demon, Horse Demon, and Goat Horn Demon God level experts have also reached an agreement to kill the Calming Immortal Department and start a Demon Calamity. " "Start a Demon Calamity?"

Gu Xuansha frowned, "This is not a small matter. If all these old demon gods and old demon sages move out, it won't be as simple as dealing with the Calming Immortal Department. If something goes wrong, the Demon Calamity will sweep the world, and we will all be involved. When that time comes, how will we carry out our plan to control the world?"

As the crown prince, Gu Xuansha didn't want the world to fall into chaos. Otherwise, there would be no point in him being the crown prince. He hoped that Wu Dangkong and the Calming Immortal Department would both suffer great losses, and he would come out to clean up the mess.

If the Demon Calamity swept over, he could only be caught in the raging torrent. Who knows, he might even be killed.

Since he was the crown prince, he had inherited the fate of Yongchō. When the Demon Calamity broke out, he would be the first to be targeted by many demons, captured, killed, and sacrificed.

As the heir apparent of a country, the crown prince's status was not small. If he was captured and sacrificed by the demons, not only would it affect the morale of the people, it would also mean the destruction of Yongchō's country. The hearts of the people would also scatter.

Once the hearts of the people were scattered, the situation that they had painstakingly built up would be destroyed.

"What are you worried about?"

Wu Dangkong knew what Gu Xuansha was thinking. She laughed coldly, "If the Calming Immortal Department likes to take the brunt of the disaster, then let them take the brunt of the Demon Calamity. What does it have to do with us?

When the Demon Calamity breaks out, they will charge at the front, and we can cleanse them from the back. We will confiscate all the officials and families that oppose us, and execute them. How will the Calming Immortal Department have the strength to deal with us? "

"This woman is vicious!" When Gu Chensha heard this, he wanted to jump out and slap Wu Dangkong to death.

"That's true. At the very least, the demons will have to defeat the Calming Immortal Department before they can start the Demon Calamity. Moreover, the Demon Calamity will start from the Sin Province, which is guarded by the Human Dragon Union. In other words, that little thing called Qin Han.

He obtained the ancient Buddhist orthodoxy. "Xuan An's words were naturally on Wu Dangkong's side. It was unknown how he had been bought over by Wu Dangkong.

"The Black Heaven Earth Sect wants this child. Don't fight with us, or else you will be the enemy of the Black Heaven Earth Sect." "The Black Heaven Earth Sect wants to obtain the orthodoxy of the Buddhist Sect?"

Fa Wuxian laughed heartily, "Our Legalism wants to take it all for ourselves. Rumor has it that in ancient times, the Supreme Buddha gathered many giants of the Buddhist Sect and created a Paramita World. This world seems to be able to ascend to the Boundless World Realm. The Black Heaven Earth Sect wants to obtain this world, but your appetite is too big. You won't be able to swallow it all." Fa Wuxian knew a lot. It seemed that the Dharma Saint had said something to him. Everyone present was very clear about this.

The Black Heaven Earth Sect had already become a medium-class world, and it had accumulated a lot. However, compared to the ancient Buddhist Sect, it was still a far cry.