Chapter 414
===========

The grotto-heaven that the Grand Tutor Wen Hong created was at the bottom of the ocean.

He laid out a giant formation in the tens of thousands of miles of Constellation Ocean to absorb the power of the stars. He gathered it and merged it into the depths of his grotto-heaven. Gu Chensha fell into the grotto-heaven. He seemed to have fallen into the vast starry sky, deep in the universe. The world he was in was filled with stars.

Between the stars, there was a giant planet slowly spinning. There were mountains, rivers, land, plants, animals, and it seemed like the Grand Tutor Wen Hong had created it himself. The giant planet was blue in color and half of it was ocean. A suction force pulled Gu Chensha down and he landed on the planet.

The planet was really huge. Gu Chensha landed on it and felt really solid. He felt like there were billions of people living on it.

However, the planet couldn't contain too much power. It was enough to house normal people but not enough to produce cultivators.

But the planet that the Grand Tutor Wen Hong created already had the mysteries of creation, life, and destruction. At this moment, the Grand Tutor Wen Hong was living in a palace.

The palace was richly ornamented and it seemed like an imperial city. In the palace, there were actually concubines, eunuchs, and guards. Outside the palace was a capital city. Outside the capital city were many cities, forming a country.

However, the people in this country were all normal people. The highest cultivation was the Martial Arts Grandmaster. Their status was extraordinary and it was impossible for Dao Realm experts to appear.

The Grand Tutor Wen Hong created the vast starry sky. This was his grotto-heaven. In the starry sky, he created a giant planet. There were mountains, rivers, oceans, and plains. On the plains, there were countries, humans, and there were all sorts of animals in the mountains. This was purely created by the Grand Tutor Wen Hong. Such ability simply possessed the miraculous power of creation.

"Greetings, Uncle Hong." Gu Chensha met Wen Hong in the palace.

Wen Hong was wearing an ordinary linen robe and was sitting cross-legged. No one knew what he was thinking. When he saw Gu Chensha approaching, he stared at him for a long time. "Nephew, the speed of your improvement is simply unimaginable. Your accumulation is beyond my expectations. In the future, your achievements will definitely surpass mine." "Uncle Hong, I came here mainly to join forces with you to do something."

Gu Chensha didn't hide anything. "I obtained many of Xing Qiongshi's memories, as well as some memory fragments of the Seven Star Lord, Jiang Gongwang, and the moment the Heavenly Demon Tree formed. Many of the Ancient Demon Sages left behind memories, as well as some of Heavenly Lord Tianyi's secret techniques. I believe these things will be very useful to Uncle Hong." As he spoke, Gu Chensha transmitted all these memories to him.

Wen Hong didn't refuse. He absorbed them all, then began to meditate on them. Before long, he had digested them all.

These existences were also very powerful to him. The things they comprehended were also very valuable to him as a reference.

That was especially true of Xing Qiongshi. Even if Wen Hong cultivated to the highest realm he could reach, he still wouldn't be a match for her. He also wouldn't be a match for Celestial Taiyi or Jiang Gongwang.

Although Wen Hong's latent talent surpassed Fa Wuxian's, there was still a bit of a gap between him and the Lord of Seven Stars.

"Damn, you've acquired quite a few things. The Heavenly Demon Tome's cultivation methods helped me greatly."

Wen Hong rose to his feet. He was so tall that he seemed capable of ripping apart the starry sky. Cracks appeared everywhere, and the power of the stars poured in. "You want to join me in plotting against the three Ape Godkings?"

"That's right. The three Ape Godkings are strong on the outside, but weak on the inside. Their lifespans are nearing their end. But the Ape Race has accumulated quite a bit of wealth. "

Gu Chensha said, "Uncle Hong, you can split that with me. Although the world is stable right now, it will only get more intense in the future. I'm afraid you won't be able to stay out of it."

"You're right," said Wen Hong, nodding. "Undercurrents really are surging, and I'll definitely be drawn into them.

The only thing I can do is make sure I'm as strong as possible. The three Ape Godkings' Mount Sumeru has existed since ancient times. I can absorb their quintessence and use it to strengthen my paradise. "

"In addition to that, Uncle Hong, you can join me in plotting against Xing Qiongshi," said Gu Chensha. "I have a series of plans in mind." "Actually, Xing Qiongshi isn't that scary," said Wen Hong.

Wen Hong said, "The most terrifying are the three great Celestial Exalts. During the primeval times, even though the Xing Qiong Clan possessed extraordinary combat strength, it was still torn apart by the schemes of the three great Celestial Exalts. Since that battle, the three great Celestial Exalts stepped into a supreme and extraordinary realm. It can be said that no one in the world can scheme against them. That is, except for Immortal Treading. However, Immortal Treading doesn't view them as opponents. " "The three celestials are in seclusion, and they've set up many pawns in many places."

Gu Chensha frowned. "For the three celestials, there's basically no way to attack their true bodies." "I have some ideas. If we can release Xing Qiongshi, it'll be a huge blow to the three celestials. Xing Qiongshi's hatred for the three celestials is very strong. "

Wen Hong said, "However, Xing Qiongshi probably can't do anything to the three celestials now. After all, Xing Qiongshi was torn to pieces, and his vitality was greatly damaged. He hasn't improved in so many years." "Of course, but Xing Qiongshi was reborn, and he comprehended many things. As long as he has time to recover, his strength can improve.

The three celestials can only join forces to deal with him, "Gu Chensha said." Uncle Hong, a Martial Emperor has appeared, and this person will cause a huge wave. "

"This person is really terrifying. He stepped into the Divergent Realm and comprehended many mysteries. Unfortunately, he was killed by the three celestials and wasn't able to reach Celestial Treading."

Wen Hong manipulated the Sky Dome, gathering the power of space and stars into a talisman above his head.

This talisman contained the secrets of ten thousand stars. Apart from this, Gu Chensha discovered, to his astonishment, that there was even chaotic energy appearing within. It was being absorbed, broken down, and reforged. Endless methods of creation appeared.

Wen Hong's cultivation was really terrifying and he had reached God Realm. Who knew if he was at the 30th, 31st, or 32nd Dao Realm? At his realm, Gu Chensha couldn't guess anything at all.

"I am helping you craft a talisman. This talisman can only be used once, and it is called the Celestial Flying Talisman. Once it is activated, it will protect you from danger." In just a moment, the talisman formed into a physical form and was passed to Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha took it. Instantly, many mysterious auras spread out from the talisman. These were some secrets that Wen Hong had comprehended recently. These were resources that merged into Gu Chensha's mind. He instantly comprehended many things.

Gu Chensha obtained numerous cultivation techniques, knowledge, and comprehension bit by bit. He stood on the shoulders of many giants and in the end, he formed his own cultivation technique.

This talisman contained huge power but it wasn't offensive. It was best for escaping. It was most suitable for Gu Chensha's current state.

If it was a talisman, if it was both offensive and defensive, then it would lose its dual nature. Why not make it more pure? Either attack, defend, or escape. As long as he escaped, he would have many chances in the future.

"Thank you, Uncle Hong, but if the three apes don't keep their promise, then I will need you to personally suppress them." Gu Chensha kept the talisman.

"Of course. As long as you activate this talisman, I will sense it. I will know that the three apes are going back on their word."

Wen Hong said, "However, you still have to be careful. You can't let your guard down just because of my talisman.

The Yin Yang Ghost Ape is good at scheming. If he cooperates with Demon Saint Li Wanlong, then I can't do anything. Apart from that, I have to guard against my greatest enemy. I may not be able to help you with all my strength. " "Uncle Hong's greatest enemy?" Gu Chensha frowned.

"The Great Spirit God. The Great Spirit God is my greatest enemy and also someone I must kill. Unfortunately, I am not his match right now."

A murderous aura appeared on Wen Hong's body. "If it wasn't for his scheming, your mother would not have died. He is not the strongest god, but he is the most cunning god. He is no less cunning than the three Celestial Masters. Otherwise, he would not have survived Trampling Celestial."

"The Great Spirit God is supporting Gu Tanjian from behind. We can find out the whereabouts of this god from Gu Tanjian." Gu Chensha had been keeping an eye on this matter for a long time. "It's not that simple.

The Great Spirit God has given up his godly position. This is the beginning of an anomaly. In the last great change of heaven and earth, he actually gained a lot of benefits. Moreover, he is no longer the Great Spirit God. He has reincarnated into a brand new existence. Even I cannot divine his existence. What I am most worried about now is that the Master of the Sun and Moon has not appeared yet. If he obtains the profound meaning of the sun and moon, then things will be difficult. It is very likely that he will become an existence on par with the three Celestial Masters. "Wen Hong's tone revealed a hint of worry.

"This god is so terrifying?" A sense of danger suddenly rose in Gu Chensha's heart.

"I know that you have recently defeated Jing Qiu and ruined his great plan. What do you think of this person's scheming?" Wen Hong asked.

"Absolutely terrifying. He is a great strategist. Given time, he will definitely become a Martial Emperor, "Gu Chensha said.

"Then let me tell you. Compared to the Great Spirit God, Martial Emperor and Jing Qiu's methods are like children who have just learned how to walk."

Wen Hong was definitely not exaggerating. "He has never revealed himself, but in fact, he has many secrets. Even God Maha has been schemed against by him." "This god and I have a grudge against each other for killing my mother.

However, father sealed all the gods. Even God Maha could not escape, but he gave up his godly position and came out. This shows that he is superior to the gods. "

Gu Chensha was secretly on guard. Wen Hong's words made him take this matter seriously. "Unfortunately, we really cannot find this demon's hiding place."