Chapter 247
===========

The more profound Gu Chensha's cultivation was, the more he knew how terrifying Innate Sages were. These people were born with extraordinary intelligence, able to comprehend the Heavenly Dao and understand the laws. Any martial arts would not be able to hide any secrets from them. They did not even need to learn to use them. They were even more profound than their creators. There was a world of difference between superior talent and genius. There was also a world of difference between genius and unparalleled talent. And the difference between unparalleled talent and Innate Sages was as wide as the nine heavens.

Until now, Gu Chensha knew that other than Fa Wuxian, there was no other Innate Sages in the Great Yongchō. And for thousands of years, there was no Innate Sages in the Mystic Immortal Dao. As for Wen Hong, he was the Son of Destiny, but he was not in the category of Innate Sages. Fa Wuxian's appearance instantly suppressed everyone. Even Gu Tanjian was wary of him.

"This Fa Wuxian's cultivation has improved a lot again. I can't see through him at all.

So, although I have improved very quickly, I am still not his match. I must join forces with Baiyue to suppress him. "Gu Chensha thought quickly.

Although Lou Baiyue had comprehended the Great Massacre God Technique and her cultivation had improved at a shocking rate, her cultivation was probably only on par with Fa Wuxian. If she wanted to suppress Fa Wuxian, she must join forces with Gu Chensha.

Jing Fanxing also saw that the person was Fa Wuxian, and his expression was even worse than Gu Tanjian's.

Although he had cultivated the Golden Core of the Eighteen Transformations Great Dao, he was still very wary of the Innate Sages Fa Wuxian.

He was a disciple of the Mystic Heaven Earth Sect and an unparalleled talent himself. He knew more about the potential of Innate Sages than others. Naturally, he knew how terrifying Fa Wuxian was.

"Fa Wuxian is improving every time. He fought with us twice, once in my castle and once in the fight for Buzhou Palace. But because he was worried about Father, he did not use his full strength."

Gu Chensha recalled the two fights he had with Fa Wuxian. Both times, Fa Wuxian had not displayed his true strength. If he were to go all out, it would be worth witnessing how powerful Fa Wuxian was.

"What? Aren't you going to get lost? "

Fa Wuxian looked at Jing Fanxing. "Do you really think that I won't dare to kill you just because you're a disciple of the Black Heaven Earth Sect?" "I didn't expect that even Fa Wuxian would covet Wu Qu Xing's reincarnation."

Gu Tanjian could sense the tension in the air, and hurriedly said, "Your latent talent is even greater than that of the Martial Song Star's reincarnation. Only the Lord of Seven Stars could possibly contend with you. Why do you still want to spy on this child? " "You have no right to interfere in my affairs."

Fa Wuxian didn't seem to care about Gu Tanjian in the slightest. "I know you have a god backing you, but that god is sneaky and doesn't dare to show himself. As for your own strength, it's not even worth mentioning. Get the hell out of here! "

"You really think too highly of yourself, Fa Wuxian. You can't even begin to fathom my background and my backer. This Martial Song Star's reincarnation is mine. Fa Wuxian, if you have what it takes, why don't you take him away and show me your cultivation base?" Gu Tanjian's eyes flickered with jade-green flames.

"Fine! In that case, I'll just have to kill you all. "

Fa Wuxian's hand flickered with a bright light. "Perfect timing. I've been refining a magical treasure lately, and it requires a lot of souls as spiritual energy. Once you're all dead, the souls will be perfect." "Oh really?

Fa Wuxian, you really are arrogant. Unfortunately, although you're a natural-born saint, you're not a true saint. "

At that moment, another group of people appeared. They were led by a man wearing an imperial robe and a crown. He emitted the aura of a king. Gu Chensha's heart trembled. He saw Chen Jianfeng and Chen Lingyun among the group.

Clearly, this was the royal family of the Xian Dynasty, and the man leading them was undoubtedly Chen Tianhuang. He was the surviving crown prince.

The remnants of the Xian Dynasty had been active in the Wildlands, under the protection of Grand Preceptor Wen Hong. They lived comfortably and had accumulated a lot of power over the years.

This was especially true after Grand Preceptor Wen Hong took the Buzhou Palace. All the treasures of the last ancient emperor had fallen into this person's hands. There was no way he wouldn't nurture this group of people.

Grand Preceptor Wen Hong had said that he was only borrowing the Buzhou Palace, and that he would return it to Lou Baiyue in the future. Gu Chensha was skeptical about this. Chen Tianhuang's cultivation was shrouded in mist, and he couldn't see it clearly. However, Gu Chensha was sure that this kid hadn't cultivated the Golden Core of the Great Path.

The Chen Family hadn't produced an unparalleled genius back then, and there was information on this Chen Tianhuang. He was just a genius.

According to theory, geniuses could cultivate the Golden Core of the Great Path, but this was just theory. In reality, geniuses had to go through countless miraculous encounters and coincidences before they could cultivate it. Only unparalleled geniuses could cultivate the Golden Core of the Great Path smoothly and steadily.

However, with Grand Preceptor Wen Hong's heaven-defying methods, it wasn't impossible for Chen Tianhuang to change his aptitude.

Back then, the emperor also had the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman. In his Buzhou Palace treasury, there might be the supreme elixir that was obtained from the sacrifice.

"Oh?"

Fa Wuxian wasn't surprised to see Chen Tianhuang arrive. "So it's a bunch of trash from the Chen Family. You want to obtain the reincarnation of Wuqu Xing? Is Wen Hong here? If he is, I can't compete with him. If he isn't, you pieces of trash are just going to die. "

"Grand Preceptor has already calculated that this kid belongs to us." Chen Tianhuang was fearless. "Fa Wuxian, try if you can." "Since you have a death wish, then don't blame me for what I do."

Fa Wuxian's gaze swept across the many people present. Anyone who met his gaze felt their hearts turn cold. He flicked his sleeves and walked towards the center of the field, grabbing the manservant directly.

The manservant looked terrified and didn't dare to move at all. Even if he recovered the full strength of the reincarnation of Wuqu Xing, he wasn't a match for Fa Wuxian at all.

The reincarnation of the Ultimacy of Stars meant that the person's aptitude was at the peak of unparalleled geniuses. They could also draw on the power of the stars, and the power in their bodies would be immeasurable. Their cultivation would be fast, far surpassing that of ordinary unparalleled geniuses. However, he had only just awakened and had no time to cultivate. He was just a manservant.

Unless he had the guidance of a great teacher and extremely good resources, he would be extremely powerful after cultivating for eight to ten years. Any aptitude needed to cultivate hard to achieve success.

"Fa Wuxian, don't you dare!" Gu Tanjian wasn't willing to let Fa Wuxian take the manservant away at this time. He gave Jing Fanxing and Li Tiansheng a look. Suddenly, Jing Fanxing made his move.

He flicked his finger lightly, and a silk-like sword qi silently slashed at Fa Wuxian's back from behind. Fa Wuxian didn't move, but a vortex appeared behind him and absorbed the sword qi. Rumble!

A cold smile appeared on Jing Fanxing's face. His sword qi suddenly changed and turned into a door as tall as a person, wrapping Fa Wuxian inside.

"Black Gate of Heaven and Earth Change!"

He had suffered a small loss when he attacked Gu Chensha last time, but his vitality wasn't damaged. After he went back, he pondered and prepared again. He had perfected this move and had many more tricks to confuse his opponent. Moreover, he had also communicated with Gu Tanjian and received a lot of support.

At this moment, Gu Tanjian, Li Tiansheng, and Jing Fanxing had reached an agreement. When Jing Fanxing used the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth, Li Tiansheng, Gu Tanjian, and some of their subordinates poured their own Stellar Energy into it.

Suddenly, runes appeared on the Gate of Heaven and Earth. Many golden-armored deities appeared around it. They were only the size of mosquitoes. In addition, there were yellow turban warriors the size of a thumb. Many immortals made of smoke and clouds floated around.

The Black Gate of Heaven and Earth Transformation was an ancient secret art, the strongest move. Once it was used, it would have all sorts of unimaginable uses.

Gu Tanjian, Li Tiansheng, and the others poured their Stellar Energy into it to support Jing Fanxing. In the blink of an eye, they had actually plotted against Fa Wuxian.

"Snatch him!"

At this time, the other barbarian experts and immortal cultivators all rushed forward to snatch the manservant away. Rumble!

At this time, an extremely powerful force enveloped the governor's manor. Clouds, light, talismans, and many flags appeared outside, fluttering in the air.

As the flags fluttered, the multicolored light transformed into martial cultivators, displaying all sorts of martial arts. Extreme pressure seeped out from the ground, forming a barrier.

"The Martial Dao Manifestation Barrier!" Many of the immortal cultivators and barbarians were shocked. "We've fallen into an ambush!" "Friends of the immortal dao, the Wu Province is our Wu Clan's territory, no matter what. If we don't have any tricks up our sleeves, wouldn't our Wu Clan be nothing but a decoration? "

In the sky above the barrier, dozens of figures appeared, all of them surrounded by astral energy. They were extremely powerful, and as they controlled the array formation, powerful waves of vital energy poured in, almost freezing the governor's manor.

Then, incomparable power poured into Jing Fanxing's manifested Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. Even Fa Wuxian, who was in the depths of the gate, was bound. This was the support of the Wu Clan's great formation. Li Tiansheng, Jing Fanxing, Gu Tanjian, and the Wu Clan had joined forces.

The Wu Clan was a sage family with deep foundations, and the Wu Province was their foundation. Wu Dangkong had once been Jing Fanxing's fiancée, and the Jing and Wu Clan had been on good terms for generations. Now that they'd joined forces and befriended Gu Tanjian, they'd been waiting for this moment. With such powerful forces working together, even Fa Wuxian couldn't escape for the time being.

"Black Gate of Heaven and Earth, devour and recreate, give birth to good fortune!"

With the help of dozens of Wu Clan's experts, Jing Fanxing's Heaven Earth Mystical Gate's power was simply boundless. First, it devoured all the barbarian experts. With a slight tremble, all the barbarian experts were killed, and their blood and souls were used as nourishment for the gate. As for the immortal cultivators, he was trapped in the gate and didn't want to offend them. Chen Tianhuang and the others were all sucked in by the gate and struggled to hold on.

"I have been in Wu Zhou City for so long and I have been waiting for this moment. As the saying goes, a strong dragon can't suppress a snake. Moreover, the Wu Clan isn't a snake, but a dragon. You came to Wu Clan's territory to snatch Wuqu Xing's reincarnated person. If word gets out, where will the Wu Clan put their face?" Just at that moment, a voice rang out. An old man from the Wu Clan appeared above the formation.

A golden light appeared above the old man's head. He was actually a Dao Realm 18 Transformation Great Dao Golden Core expert. When he appeared, he injected energy into Jing Fanxing's body.