Chapter 953
===========

True Attack Chapter 950: True Attack

Many people of the Heavenly Court directly carried out a great sacrifice, activating the power of the human world, causing the human world to become more and more perfect. Gods returned to gods, devils returned to devils, immortals returned to immortals, humans returned to humans, and ghosts returned to ghosts.

After the power of the human world reached perfection, there were endless changes everywhere, and unprecedented order was condensed.

The people of the Heavenly Court borrowed the power of the human world not to suppress and kill Gu Chensha, because no matter how powerful the power of the human world was, it could not suppress Gu Chensha. What they could do now was to push Gu Chensha out, not letting Gu Chensha step into the human world. However, Gu Chensha was even more ruthless than these people.

He directly activated his Dragonless Heart Sutra and began to circulate it, wanting to swallow the human world, the Heavenly Court, the Emperor Of Heaven, and even everyone else into a huge mouth.

The huge mouth formed by his Dragonless Heart Sutra was not a bloody devouring digestion, but a transformation, allowing everyone to understand the secrets of their own hearts.

It had been a long time since Gu Chensha had killed someone. Ever since he had comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra, the most he could do was to take away all the cultivation of evil people and reduce them to mortals.

"This Gu Chensha is really ruthless, what do we do now?"

The people of the Heavenly Court set up a great formation to resist Gu Chensha, but they did not expect Gu Chensha to be so rude and unreasonable, directly activating the Dragonless Heart Sutra to turn into a huge mouth, devouring everything. The Great Spirit God and Jiang Chuan were terrified. Especially Jiang Chuan.

He betrayed the Imperial Court and became the ruler of the Immortal World, thinking that he could stand out and have a bright future. But now that he saw Gu Chensha's divine ability, he couldn't help but feel regret, because he felt that the Dragonless Heart Sutra could not succeed, Gu Chensha's dream was also a castle in the air, the future belonged to the Emperor Of Heaven. In his opinion, the Emperor Of Heaven was much more powerful than Gu Chensha.

But as he became the Lord of the Immortal World, his cultivation base and knowledge grew. Every time his strength and cultivation level grew, his understanding of Gu Chensha grew more terrifying.

"Gu Chensha is really too powerful. He has surpassed the imagination of everyone I knew in the past. If I had stayed in the imperial court, perhaps I would have achieved even greater things?

But now that I've chosen my path, I don't regret it. My status in the imperial court isn't high enough.

Now that he was the Lord of the Immortal World, his authority was awe-inspiring. In the future, he would gather all the Immortals in the Immortal World and establish absolute order. I can use the power of the immortals' sacrifices to perfect my cultivation.

At the same time, I can also cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra and refer to Gu Chensha's actions. "

Jiang Chuan's heart suddenly became firm, he felt that his actions were not wrong, he even firmly believed that the path he chose was right. "I can combine the strengths of the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha to create my own method.

If I was in the Everlasting World, I wouldn't be able to gather the power of sacrifices to improve myself.

Now that I've become the Lord of the Immortal World, there are many things I can do. Moreover, this human world will be the primary world in the future, I can even obtain variation essence. If I was in the Everlasting World, I wouldn't be able to obtain variation essence.

If I can coincidentally devour the essence of this Ancient Dao Immortal, then wouldn't I be able to immediately be reborn and reach the highest realm? " Jiang Chuan's heart was filled with many thoughts.

"Zhang Ziran, I don't think we can stop Gu Chensha's devouring. Look, that Ancient Dao Immortal is fighting back, and so is the entire human world. But even together, they can't stop Gu Chensha. Right now, Gu Chensha doesn't seem to have used the power of the Everlasting World. With his own power, he can suppress and devour the human world, the Demon World, the Devil World, the God World, the Immortal World, and our 129,600 stars. Lord of the Sun and Moon, and even that Ancient Dao Immortal together, aren't a match for him. Is he really that strong?"

Hua Mingsha was the Lord of the Sun and Moon who had been created by the Emperor Heaven. You could say that he was temporarily acting on behalf of the Emperor Heaven. His position was extremely high, and he was even stronger than the Primal Chaos Heavenly Kings. But even now, he couldn't believe what he was seeing.

He had originally thought that he could fight Gu Chensha, but now, even with so many people and so many worlds, they still weren't a match for Gu Chensha. He was filled with despair. "Just how strong is that animal Gu Chensha?

I can't even compare to a speck of dust in front of him. I can't accept this. I definitely can't accept this. I'm going to kill that animal. " "What? My attacks are insignificant in front of him. "

Ancient Dao Immortal was almost hysterical. "Gu Chensha, that bastard, is showing his power. He's not just going to devour me, he's going to devour the human world and the Heavenly Court. His power is infinitely close to the Heavenly Dao." "Gu Chensha is actually so strong?"

Ji Ningsha was even more shocked. She had already been pushed out of the human world, and the Otherworld was still intact. Gu Chensha didn't devour them, but let them exist independently. After all, Gu Chensha himself had contributed a lot to the creation of the Otherworld. The two words "Otherworld" were even named by Gu Chensha. So the existence of the Otherworld was also the fate of Gu Chensha.

"Long Xiangtian, did you see that? You still want to go against that Gu Chensha? Now that you've lost all your cultivation, how do you feel? "

Liu Chansha was also in the "Otherworld". She felt like she had just survived a disaster. She deeply felt that she had made the right choice. In the Otherworld, she looked at the Human Realm from afar. She saw the vast Human Realm being swallowed by an even larger mouth.

That mouth was formed by Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra. In other words, the Dragonless Heart Sutra was much larger than the human world. It could even devour the Heavenly Court.

"You bitch, are you satisfied now? You actually took away my control and source." At this moment, Long Xiangtian made up his mind. He couldn't care less anymore.

"If I didn't take it away, you would have already given control to that Gu Daoxian. Then we would both be in a state of eternal damnation."

Liu Chansha said, "This time, I won't argue with you. I will send both of you into the Eternal World to be normal people. Maybe one day, you will completely comprehend it and cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, opening up your mind and returning to the peak. You will be able to cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra much faster than normal people. It all depends on whether your hearts can change."

"You …" Ye Qingyi was furious. But now that he had lost all his cultivation, he could only be manipulated by others.

"Alright, ignore these two cowards." Ji Ningsha said, "Sister Chansha, do you think Gu Chensha will win this battle? Emperor Heaven hasn't made a move yet.

Right now, Gu Chensha has forced Emperor Heaven to the limit. Emperor Heaven has no choice but to make a move. Gu Chensha actually doesn't see Emperor Heaven as his true opponent. His opponent is the terrifying thing that was created after the destruction of the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian. " "How terrifying is that thing?" Liu Chansha was also puzzled.

"I heard that Gu Chensha divided Immortality into nine levels. The first level is Void Immortality, the second is Micro Immortality, the third is Small Immortality, the fourth is Medium Immortality, the fifth is Great Immortality, the sixth is Eternal Immortality, the seventh is True Immortality, the eighth is Immortality, and the ninth is Supreme Immortality.

From what I can see, the Heavenly Dao, Gu Taxian, and Gu Chensha are actually at the same level. They have all reached the eighth level, Immortality. Although Emperor Heaven is the incarnation of the Heavenly Dao, his level is still a bit lower. He is only at the seventh level, True Immortality. If I'm not wrong, the moment that terrifying thing was born, it should be the ninth level, the highest level, Immortality. "

Ji Ningsha said, "We have to be careful about this. I think we can cooperate with Gu Chensha to deal with the upcoming calamity. If we rely on Emperor Heaven, Emperor Heaven will also peek at our Source. But Gu Chensha won't peek at our Source. He can create his own Source."

"I think so too. The more I cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, the more I feel that it is profound and limitless. In the future, with the help of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, I'm afraid everyone will be able to cultivate to Immortality," Liu Chansha said.

"Look, Emperor Heaven finally can't help but make a move," Ji Ningsha said. Sure enough, everyone looked over. Rumble!

In the highest sky of the human world, a Heavenly Court appeared. It was exactly the same as the Divine Central Continent, but there were four legs below it, and the shape of the four legs was exactly the same as the Four Wildernesses. Emperor Heaven had actually created the complete Heavenly Court and the Four Wildernesses.

The original Heavenly Court and the Four Wildernesses had been refined by Gu Chensha and fused into the Everlasting World as its foundation. But Emperor Heaven had extracted Immortality from the sacrifices of all living beings and created a new Heavenly Court that was even more powerful than the original. From this, it could be seen that Emperor Heaven's strength had reached a certain limit. He was even more powerful than the future Emperor Heaven. Emperor Heaven had also mutated.

The Heavenly Court blossomed with boundless light, and a tall figure appeared in the middle of it. It was a young man, still faceless. He spoke in a booming voice: "Gu Chensha, your tribulation is coming. You're going against the flow now. This is your final madness. But you can't destroy the Heavenly Court. You can only destroy yourself. Do you understand? The human world can't be destroyed, and it can't be devoured by you. Everything in the human world, maintain your true nature. "

Under the Celestial Thearch's control, the mouth formed by Gu Chensha's Dragonless Mantra began to shrink.

"You have some skill, Emperor Heaven."

Gu Chensha laughed. "But you can't do anything to me. Your cultivation level is a bit lower than mine."