Chapter 1134
============

Reincarnation

Zhou Qin was forced to put his life on the line. In fact, he had no choice but to do so, as he would be gravely injured by Qin Guang. If he didn't do so, he might as well kill and refine Qin Guang to make up for his loss.

Qin Guang was too crazy. Zhou Qin could only kill this arrogant kid immediately, to let him know how powerful he was.

His ancient bronze bell was the culmination of his life force quintessence, as well as the most profound truths and principles. Once it was used, it could sweep through the Heavens, destroy Heaven and Earth, and be reborn and destroyed the universe millions upon millions of times over. In that instant, it possessed unimaginable, unimaginable power. It was an unparalleled magical treasure that would allow him to move unhindered in the future.

"Zhou Qin, I knew you would use your bronze bell. But do you think you can deal with me with this piece of scrap metal?

That's wishful thinking. I'll let you know that all your tricks are fake. Everything you have is for me. I'll devour you completely and turn you into my nutrients. My power is not something you can imagine. After I kill you, I'll devour the other five like you, Hong Yi, Wang Zao, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li. They'll all gather on me. Your existence is for me. " Qin Guang roared.

Suddenly, a rune rose from the formation. It looked like the word 'Dao', but it changed slightly to the word 'Kill'. It changed again, to the word 'Life', and then to the word 'Destruction'.

In an instant, it changed trillions of times. Every change was a universal truth that could give rise to everything.

This rune was the original rune. Existence and non-existence, void and non-void, universe and non-universe, existence and non-existence all seemed to originate from this rune. Zhou Qin was shocked when he saw this rune.

"How is this possible? How is this possible? This is the profoundness of non-existence and non-existence that even I can't comprehend. How can you?" Finally, Zhou Qin's expression changed.

When he saw the rune, he knew that Qin Guang's comprehension of non-existence and non-existence was above his own. In other words, Qin Guang was not just an arrogant brat who had a fortuitous encounter. In fact, his cultivation level was higher than his. This was something he could not accept. Only now did he truly feel the threat of death.

In the past, Qin Guang wouldn't be able to kill him no matter how hard he tried. His greatest danger was that he would be severely injured after killing Qin Guang, allowing his other five companions to take advantage of him. But now, he could see the possibility of Qin Guang killing him. It was even possible that Qin Guang wouldn't die after killing him. Instead, he would refine him, plunder his fate, and increase his cultivation base.

"What's impossible about that?"

Qin Guang said, "Zhou Qin, you are too arrogant. I know the six of you. In the future, you will be the main characters of countless great eras. Unfortunately, times have changed and history has taken a turn. If you don't go against the current and struggle, you will truly be eliminated from the stage of history. Therefore, you have chosen to appear in this great era. Unfortunately, in this great era, you are no longer the main characters. You are destined to be eliminated. Your appearance is actually to provide nutrients for the real main characters. You are all pieces of fat meat."

"Damn it, my current strength isn't even half of my peak. I only have a third of it. Otherwise, how could a small fry like you take advantage of me?"

Zhou Qin roared, "However, junior, you want to devour me and turn me into your nourishment? You're really too delusional. Borrow my strength, borrow my invincible strength from the future me." At that moment, Zhou Qin activated some kind of secret technique.

Because of the secret magic, a shadow of himself appeared above his head, a shadow that seemed to have traveled against the flow of time from the future to this place. Then, the shadow that would go against the current in the future completely merged with Zhou Qin.

In an instant, Zhou Qin's strength rose steadily. "Junior, let me tell you now. Our foundation is definitely not something a piece of trash like you, who became arrogant just because you had a fortuitous encounter, can compare to." Bang! He pointed with his finger. In an instant, the bronze bell exploded. The shockwave from the explosion tore the formation apart.

To think that Zhou Qin would explode his own bronze bell, intending to kill Qin Guang once and for all. Even though this was a huge blow to him, it didn't matter.

"How could the formation formed by all the living beings and worlds in the Old and New Worlds be torn apart so easily? Countless living beings have been sacrificed. Their curses, their wishes, their will to live, their doubts, all of them have been fused into this formation. I've been suppressing their backlash all this while. Now that you've broken the formation, you've actually helped me. You've helped me to bear the wrath and resentment of these living beings."

All of a sudden, Qin Guang burst out laughing. His smile was extremely radiant. This smile caused Zhou Qin's heart to sink.

All of a sudden, the resentment of countless people appeared from within the formation that was being torn apart. Within this resentment, countless living beings appeared and attached themselves onto Zhou Qin's body like maggots.

"Why? Why do you want us to lose our right to live?" "Why? Why do you want to destroy the Old and New Worlds? I won't let you off even if I have to die!" "I curse you! I curse that you will definitely fall!" In an instant, Zhou Qin was shrouded by curses and resentment.

If it was just one person, or billions of people, Zhou Qin wouldn't care at all. However, this was the resentment and curse of all living beings in the Old and New Worlds. There were countless Heavenly Dao Realm experts, as well as some Undying Realm experts. Other than them, there were also Heaven Realm, Heaven Origin, Heaven Longevity, Heavenly Venerables, Sages, and God realm experts. There were also the resentment of the Old and New Worlds.

Originally, a non-New World Will could become an overlord like the Old World Will or the New World Will. However, it was a pity that it had been blind to choose Qin Guang, an ingrate. As a result, it had fallen victim to Qin Guang's treacherous schemes. Therefore, before this will died, it had been filled with great resentment. Qin Guang transferred so much resentment to Zhou Qin.

"Hahaha, Zhou Qin, if you hadn't fought me with your life on the line, I wouldn't have been able to suppress the curse any longer. It's very likely that the curse would have landed on me. The reason why I acted so hysterically was to confuse you, to make you think I'm a madman, arrogant and conceited. That way, I would be able to force you to use your strongest technique to tear apart the grand formation and endure my curse. You finally fell for it. This is luck, fate energy. Fate energy is on my side. Now that you've destroyed your bronze bell and torn apart the grand formation, not only did you not injure me, you even helped me refine the grand formation and eliminate the true curse. Only then will my strength truly increase. Now, my real performance begins. Absorb, fate energy, refine, everything belongs to me." Buzz … In the blink of an eye, Qin Guang had already reached Zhou Qin.

Then, he grabbed Zhou Qin's head with his huge hand and sucked. In an instant, many of Zhou Qin's fate energy, comprehension, power, and even the strongest imprint of an era were all absorbed into his body.

At this moment, Zhou Qin's entire body was shrouded by the black aura curse. He was unable to move and could only let Qin Guang do whatever he wanted. In a breath's time, his body had shrunk as Qin Guang had plundered many of his essence, Qi, spirit, and core things.

"Qin Guang, you actually tricked me."

Zhou Qin had suffered a huge loss this time. At least half of his essence, Qi, and spirit had been plundered by Qin Guang. His lifespan was drastically reduced while Qin Guang's lifespan shot up like a rocket. Under such circumstances, Zhou Qin no longer had the capital to fight with his life on the line.

"Since that's the case, Qin Guang, I'll let you know what my ultimate trump card is."

Zhou Qin suddenly laughed. It was a very strange laugh. "You used me to help you endure the curse. But in reality, I also used you to help me complete the true transformation and become truly suitable for this era." Bang! All of a sudden, Zhou Qin exploded. Countless powers, countless transformations, and countless tremors spread out just like that.

In the midst of the explosion, Qin Guang's expression changed drastically as he immediately retreated.

In the midst of the explosion, Zhou Qin was completely destroyed, vanishing into thin air. It was as if he had completely died and fallen.

However, Qin Guang knew that Zhou Qin was definitely not dead. His deepest core essence had already disappeared. If his guess was right, Zhou Qin might have escaped into the myriad worlds and reincarnated. Once the reincarnation was successful, Zhou Qin would truly be able to adapt to this era. He might even be able to cultivate his strongest power in the future. At the final juncture, Zhou Qin borrowed Qin Guang's power to reincarnate.

"Qin Guang, originally, my consciousness died at the hands of Gu Chensha, and then I reincarnated. That way, my value would be greater, and it would be more meaningful. However, I didn't expect to die at the hands of a piece of trash like you. Although I'm very unwilling, I still succeeded. You absorbed all of my imprints from the future era. The remaining me, after reincarnating, is more suited to this era. I'm truly a person of this era. I'll make a comeback and completely unleash my strongest power. In order to repay a piece of trash like you, when I return, I'll humiliate you to death." The voice then faded away. As expected, Zhou Qin did not die. On the contrary, he borrowed Qin Guang's hand to break free from some kind of restraint.

However, this was a great humiliation to Zhou Qin. His original intention was to let Gu Chensha free himself. Unfortunately, he still had to borrow the hand of trash like Qin Guang.

"Damn it, damn it!"

Qin Guang was enraged. "Zhou Qin, when you reincarnate is when you are at your weakest. Even if you reincarnate as a maggot, I will still find you and crush you to death." Bang!

Originally, he wanted to toy with Lin Yixun. However, he was no longer in the mood. With a squeeze of his hand, Lin Yixun's entire body exploded, vanishing into thin air. Remember the mobile website: M.