Chapter 709
===========

The Calming Xian Department was now fully fledged.

The Imperial Court had 360 Common People's Generals who were at the Dao Realm 29 Transformation, who were at the True Dragon Technique Grade 5. They were comparable to Natural Saints and were also supported by luck.

In other words, the imperial court of Great Yong was managed by three hundred and sixty experts who were at the level of natural saints.

With so many people working together to govern the country without any selfish motives, naturally, the country would prosper and there would be no flaws.

In truth, in terms of managing a country, these Common People's Generals were even more reliable than Natural Saints. * * *

This was because even Natural Saints had their own interests and thoughts. It was impossible for them to work together.

For example, if there were 360 people like Fa Wuxian, not only would the Imperial Court not become better, but it would also become a mess.

Thinking about the 360 Fa Wuxian in the Imperial Court, all of them were arrogant and untamed, fighting for power and disregarding the people of the world. How would the world be governed then? It would definitely break apart and the people would have no way of making a living. This was why talent wasn't important. Unity was the most important thing. Talents that weren't united would instead be the source of destruction.

Ever since Gu Chensha became the General of the People, he had a deeper understanding of order, power, foundation, fate, destiny, unity, heaven and earth.

This was why he wanted to adjust the way of ruling a country and not just increase resources and strength for the world.

Resources, the hearts of the people, all of these things had to be adjusted and changed. Only then would the country and the Imperial Court become more perfect. Until now, the Calming Xian Department was still focusing on the supply of resources.

The World Tree in the Common People's Wish sphere produced all sorts of pills, flying swords, and armor. The so-called Human-Dragon Three-Piece Set.

Of course, the Calming Xian Department also received training from the Common People's Wish Academy to spread knowledge and ideals. However, the strength of the Academy was far inferior to the speed of the development of resources.

Even if the Calming Xian Department wanted to adjust, there was nothing they could do. This was because even if the Calming Xian Department didn't produce resources, the Heavenly Craftsman Academy would immediately erupt to fight for the market and the hearts of the people.

Fortunately, at the most crucial moment, Gu Chensha emerged victorious in his battle with the Dharma Saint. He sealed the heavily injured North Star, allowing the North Star to cultivate into the Celestial Venerable Realm King of Common Life, stabilizing the situation.

The King of Common Life, these Great Commanders of Common Life, the two dimensional realms, and even the various Big Shots of the Celestial Calmness Department had already become a massive influence that could compare with the three Empyreans.

However, the appearance of the Lord of the Sun and Moon still made her feel like there was a thorn in her back. Therefore, the Tranquil Immortal Department had to break this stalemate. The key to breaking the deadlock was still the Devil Race.

The battle between spirits and demons, the invasion of the demon race, the confrontation between humans and demons, the great war between gods and demons, the entanglement of immortals and demons, and the descent of demons. This was the mutual ebb and flow of yin and yang between heaven and earth. Any fortuitous encounter was born under this general trend.

This was also a kind of tide, the tide of yin and yang, the tide of good and evil, the tide of order and chaos. Every time the tide came, it was a tribulation, but also an opportunity.

The Tranquil Immortal Department decided to be the one who set the tide. They would take the initiative to attack the Devil Race, plunder their vast resources, kill countless demons, and turn these demons into nutrients for the World Tree. From the World Tree, extremely intelligent puppets would be born. No, they shouldn't be called puppets. They should be called archons. What the Heavenly Talisman Emperor hadn't done yet, the Tranquil Immortal Department would do.

Many of the Big Shots of the Celestial Calmness Department discussed. This counterattack against the Devil Race would definitely not be an ordinary war. It was very likely to be a major movement that would reverse the balance of yin and yang between heaven and earth. Gu Chensha also approved of such a move. The Tranquil Immortal Department was fully fledged. It was time to expand.

If they didn't expand, the Lord of the Sun and Moon would gradually force their way in. Although the Tranquil Immortal Department was currently glorious, it would still end up with a grievance.

Gu Chensha could sense that the cultivation of the Lord of the Sun and Moon hadn't broken through a certain bottleneck. Once he did, the Tranquil Immortal Department would definitely not be able to contend against him.

"If I cultivate to the Deity Realm, I can suppress the Lord of the Sun and Moon first and devour him to reach the Grand Perfection Realm. But now, my cultivation is still not high enough. I can't deduce the whereabouts of the Lord of the Sun and Moon and his cultivation. But I can vaguely sense that this kid is somewhere between the Deity Realm and Saint Realm. He hasn't reached a higher realm. The Dao Realm is about the same as the 30th to 32nd transformations.

If he becomes a Saint, he can use the power of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand Worlds to destroy a medium-sized world. "

Gu Chensha continued to deduce and practice in his heart. Right now, his greatest reliance was his own Heavenly Dao. It was a level higher than the Lord of the Sun and Moon. The Lord of the Sun and Moon couldn't deduce his existence, but he could. Even the majestic sun and moon in the sky were under the control of the Heavenly Dao.

While the Tranquil Immortal Department was discussing important matters, the situation of the world underwent a new round of changes. In the depths of the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven. Emperor Wu was cultivating.

During these years, he had been reborn and didn't come out to stir up trouble. Instead, he was silently accumulating strength.

His Divergent Heart had once been refined by Gu Chensha. Later, he had been saved by Immortal Master Wan, which had allowed him to recover. Immortal Master Wan had spent a great deal of effort on him, using multiple connate treasures and even using his own head to condense nomological laws. Not only had he completely recovered, but he had also improved greatly. Now, it was already the 32nd year of God Talisman. Time passed really quickly.

The Martial Emperor cultivated bitterly. Boundless world energy revolved around his body. With a 'kacha' sound, his world energy spread out, turning into a waterfall of quicksand. Each grain of quicksand seemed to contain a primordial aura. He finally broke through and reached the 35th transformation of Dao Realm, Minor Desolate Realm. Shh.

Emperor Wu opened his eyes and a bright glow shot out from them, "I am just one realm away from being able to recover to my full strength. 36 transformations, Embodiment Transformation.

Moreover, during these years, I faced many tribulations and didn't die. This shows that I am indeed fated.

This time, I just need to rest for a while and have some fortuitous encounters. Then, I will be able to comprehend the Heavenly Sovereign Dao, which I couldn't even comprehend at my full strength. Once I become an Heavenly Sovereign, I will be able to execute all sorts of plans.

I have been invincible in my life, but I was actually taken advantage of by a small fry like Gu Chensha. This is a huge humiliation. I want to imprison this kid and use a secret technique to torture him forever. I want him to beg for death, but he can't! "

Emperor Wu's hatred for Gu Chensha was so deep that it couldn't be washed away. He had never suffered such humiliation before. He suffered losses at the hands of Gu Chensha time and time again. As a dignified Emperor, how could he tolerate it?

"Just cultivating alone isn't the right way. I have already cultivated to the 35th transformation of Minor Desolate Realm and I can protect myself. I can roam around the Divine Prefecture and obtain fortuitous encounters. At the same time, I can take a look at the situation of the world. I don't believe that the Celestial Tranquility Department can maintain control in the face of such a huge change." Emperor Wu's Divine Sense moved and he understood the entire situation of the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven.

With the help of Wan Senshi, Emperor Wu had complete control of the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven. Even one-third of the control that Wu Dangkong had been taken away. Now, the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven was Emperor Wu's small world. King Wu Yu and the others all submitted to Emperor Wu.

Right now, there were only eight Deity level experts in the Wu Clan's Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven. It could be said that the Wu Clan was lacking in talents and was far from being comparable to the Legalism School.

Originally, the Legalism School had thirteen Deity level experts while the Wu Clan had nine. They could also become an overlord in the Divine Continent. However, after the return of the Legalism School's Dharma Saint, he created a medium-sized world and formed an alliance with the Heavenly Devil Race. The experts in the Legalism School were immediately nurtured to become extremely powerful.

Meanwhile, the Wu Clan had suffered great losses from Gu Chensha's plundering. Even the Deity level expert, Wu Pogong, had been converted into 'righteous merit' and had lost all of his descendants. It could be said that the Wu Clan was scattered and scattered.

Fortunately, Emperor Wu had become the person in charge and had latched onto Wan Senshi's thigh. Only then could the Wu Clan slowly recover.

After scanning the entire Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven with his thoughts, Emperor Wu nodded in satisfaction. It was because King Wu Yu and the other Deity level experts were diligently cultivating, working, managing, and nurturing the Wu Clan's disciples.

In the past, King Wu Yu and the others were all high and mighty as ancestors. Even the Wu Clan's upper echelon would find it hard to come into contact with these ancestors. They would only care about their own cultivation and would not think of ways to nurture disciples with lower cultivation levels. Now, Emperor Wu had ordered them to manage the Wu Clan. This way, the Wu Clan would be able to truly consolidate its foundation and nurture its foundation. Only by expanding its foundation and stabilizing its foundation would there be more opportunities for experts and geniuses to be born.

Moreover, Emperor Wu had grasped the Dragon Nurturing Mental Cultivation Technique and had already started to rebuild the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. This allowed the Wu Clan's disciples to improve by leaps and bounds.

After everything was arranged, Emperor Wu exited the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven. He turned into a middle-aged man dressed in luxurious brocade clothes and landed on the Martial Region.

Originally, the entire Martial Region was basically under the Wu Clan's control. However, ever since the imperial court's conference, the Wu Clan failed to force the Emperor to abdicate and was liquidated by the imperial court. Now, there was basically no Wu Clan's property in the Martial Region. Even the five mountains — Yang Wu Mountain, Origin Wu Mountain, True Wu Mountain, Martial Transformation Mountain, and Extreme Wu Mountain — had been seized by the imperial court.

Most of them had been sealed up by the imperial court. Now, four of the five mountains had been stationed by the imperial court, and they had become official forests. Exotic flowers, rare herbs, and rare species were planted in them as resources. They had also become a martial arts arena for the imperial court to train officials.

These five mountains were condensed by the Martial Saint. After the Wu Clan had managed them for seven or eight thousand years, each mountain contained a massive amount of celestial spirit qi and martial dao aura.

Even if a mortal went to the five mountains to cultivate the martial dao, they would be influenced by this atmosphere and cultivate very quickly.

Only True Wu Mountain was still occupied by the Wu Clan's disciples. However, most of the Wu Clan's disciples were trembling with fear and did not dare to go against the imperial court. They had all hidden in the Minor Chiliocosm.

"Disgrace, disgrace." Emperor Wu was at the foot of the mountain. When he saw the current situation of the five Wu Clan mountains, his heart was burning with fury. [The mobile app that everyone has been looking forward to is finally online! The app supports offline reading. There are no advertisements. Millions of books are free to read!

Font and brightness adjustment, night mode, reading progress memory, and many other powerful functions. Please follow the official WeChat account to download the app. Gegegengxin (Press and hold for three seconds to copy)