Chapter 488
===========

"Anomaly … Anomaly …" Gu Zingjian muttered this word, as if he was making some sort of decision deep in his heart.

"Alliance Leader, Outliers are hard to come by. Apart from the three Heaven Venerables and some old antiques, the only Outliers are Chang Weiyang and Emperor Wu.

Chang Weiyang has reached peak 36 Transformations and is at the Embodiment Transformation Realm. He also has the Profound Gate of the Universe and is the overlord. Only Emperor Wu has revived and his cultivation hasn't fully recovered. As long as we capture him and refine him into the world, I don't need to say much about how strong the world will be in the future. "

Gu Chensha tempted, "If Alliance Leader doesn't make up your mind, the longer we drag on, the more likely it is that Emperor Wu will recover. At that time …" "Right, you are right. Riches are found in danger.

Outliers are hard to find. If we capture Emperor Wu and bring him into my world, our future will be limitless.

Since ancient times, all Outliers are really strong and hard to capture. Emperor Wu is at his weakest. "Gu Tanjian made up his mind.

"Alliance Leader is decisive, I respect you."

Gu Chensha praised, "However, it will be a little difficult if we attack. Emperor Wu is at Dao Realm 30 Transformations and has just advanced to God Realm. Along with him comprehending the Dao of Outliers and hiding some strength, even three or four God Realm experts won't be able to do anything to him." "What idea do you have?"

Gu Tanjian asked once more, "I think that since you said that, then you definitely have your own idea." "It is simple. Doesn't Emperor Wu want to borrow the Ancestral Witch Bone Plate?

We will just attack from within. The ancient Witch Path has many curses and it is hard to defend against them. We can set up traps to ambush Emperor Wu. As long as we can make him temporarily lose some ability and his cultivation will be greatly reduced, we might have a chance. "Gu Chensha said.

"To borrow the Ancestral Witch Bone Plate, we need to alert the Witch Ancestor and The Great Spirit God. I don't want to alert those two in case they take advantage of me, so what should we do?"

Gu Tanjian asked again, "Given our strength, even a cursed Martial Emperor would be able to turn us into ashes with a flick of a finger, directly killing us."

"This is indeed difficult. Compared to a Martial Emperor, our strength is like that of a grasshopper, easily squashed to death. Us scheming against him is like a mosquito sucking the blood of a huge elephant dry. It is impossible. We can only kill him with a borrowed knife."

Gu Chensha considered for a moment and said, "The crux is that there's no time to lose, and this is difficult. If we don't use the Ancestral Sorcerer's Bone Slab as bait, the Martial Emperor won't even appear. This Martial Emperor is extremely cunning and has experienced countless storms and schemes. This subordinate still hopes that the Alliance Leader will use the supreme sorcery curse to evolve the Ancestral Sorcerer's Bone Slab and weaken the Martial Emperor unknowingly. This subordinate will then lead the Martial Emperor to fight against the nine god-class experts of the Wu Clan.

"Not bad, not bad. By then, we will be able to take the Martial Saint's Paradise for ourselves and even obtain the Martial Emperor, who is an anomaly."

Gu Tanjian was very interested in this suggestion from 'Wudang Xing'. "I am unable to perform a powerful curse. Only the Witch Ancestor has such a remarkable ability. Since that's the case, I will go and beg the Witch Ancestor. As for you wanting your own world, this matter is simply too outrageous. Even with my abilities, it will be hard for me to achieve it. If you want eight to ten treasures, Dragon Nurturing Elixirs or Dragon Creation Elixirs, I can give them to you.

"The problem is that without my own world, it will be hard for me to operate in many situations. Moreover, I won't be able to protect myself. If I have a world-class treasure and hide in it when I encounter danger, no one will be able to do anything to me."

Gu Chensha was determined to use the Martial Emperor and the old antiques of the Wu Clan as bait to squeeze something good out of Gu Tanjian.

This was one aspect. The other aspect was Gu Chensha's plan this time. He wanted to subdue the Martial Emperor and the nine god-grade experts of the Wu Clan and refine them into World Spirits. Then, he would suppress them in the Common People's Wish Sphere and use their World Energy to speed up the Sphere's operation. Only then would the World Spirit be able to unleash its true might.

This was originally impossible. For example, a caterpillar on the ground trying to scheme against a flock of Golden-Winged Great Rocs in the sky.

However, Gu Chensha did not seem to have no hope. At the very least, it seemed like his plan really had a chance of success.

He could see that the Martial Emperor was a pure ruler of the Dao of Trickery. Moreover, his temperament was one where he would rather betray the world than allow the world to betray him. With the world in chaos, he would definitely come out and create his own dynasty.

Although the Martial Emperor and the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had both created dynasties, unified the Divine Prefecture, expanded their territory, and swept through the Wilderness, the difference between the two was that the Martial Emperor was doing it for his own interests and his empire. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor was truly doing it for the people of the world. The Martial Emperor was a rich man who protected his treasures. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor was a teacher who guided the people of the world.

"Since you want your own world wholeheartedly, I can only communicate with the Great Spirit God and tell him about this plan. You are an important part of this plan. I can't do without you.

However, I hope you won't play any tricks. "Gu Tanjian definitely didn't trust this' Wudang Xing 'in front of him.

"Of course. I've already told this plan to the Alliance Head because I want to seek riches amidst danger. If the Alliance Head were to spread this matter, I would immediately be in serious trouble. Of course, the Alliance Head would also lose the chance to soar to the sky. Right now, we are using our interests as the bond, and it is the most stable."

Gu Chensha said, "Of course, I don't really want my own world. This matter is too difficult for the Alliance Leader. If the Alliance Leader can bestow me with a treasure similar to the Thunder-slaying Sword so that I can defend myself, I will be satisfied."

"The Thunderslaying Sword is a sacred sword forged by a Martial Saint. It is extremely powerful and is also a primordial treasure."

Gu Tanjian said, "If you need it, I can give you one. However, when it comes to transcendent treasures, you shouldn't be greedy. With this Thunderslaying Sword, even if you have other transcendent treasures, you won't be able to use them if you don't have enough transcendence energy." Gu Tanjian was no fool. He wouldn't give away a primordial treasure so easily.

"Gu Tanjian is so stingy now?" Gu Chensha thought to himself, "If that's the case, I'll play it big."

He spoke again, "The Alliance Head should at least give me some benefits. Only then will I have the motivation to work for the Alliance Head, right?

I think that Alliance Master's innate nature should be that of a Natural Saint. If my guess is correct, it is very likely that you obtained the Qi of the Sacred Dragon from the Raging Dragon Sect. If you can raise my aptitude to that level, I will definitely work for Alliance Master. " "Hm?"

All of a sudden, Gu Tanjian's body emitted a killing intent, "Wudang Xing, it seems that I have underestimated you. You can actually see through some of my secrets?"

"Alliance Head, please don't be angry. I am just trying to show the Alliance Head that I have some ability and am not trash."

Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "The Alliance Head can only rule the world if you have the magnanimity to tolerate others. If you can't even tolerate me, I'm afraid it will be very difficult for you to find truly capable subordinates in the future. Alliance Head, please take a look at Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and Gu Huasha of the Celestial Tranquility Bureau. These three can even accommodate Zhuge Ya. I remember that in the past, Jin Suibo was also a subordinate of the Seventh Prince, and he was roped in by the Alliance Head.

However, he still chose to join the Celestial Tranquility Bureau. To put it bluntly, the Alliance Head might not like to hear this, but that is because the Alliance Head doesn't have the magnanimity to tolerate others. "

Hearing this, Gu Tanjian's killing intent slowly subsided. "Very good, very good. Wudang Xing, you are right. I will not trust anyone for anything. However, if you want to become an Innate Saint, that is basically impossible. The reason I was able to become one was because I spent a lot of energy to obtain a wisp of the Sacred Dragon Aura that The Great Spirit God had stored in his body. Now, even the Great Spirit God doesn't have that aura.

If he did, the three Heavenly Venerables would have long since turned some of his sons into Innate Saints. "

"I would like to advise the Alliance Head to be careful of The Great Spirit God and the Voodoo Ancestor. I suspect that these two supreme existences are after something on your body," Gu Chensha said.

"Oh?

I don't have anything on me that they would want. "Gu Tanjian smiled." I still don't understand what these two existences are planning. But since there are benefits to be had, it would be a waste not to take them. " "The most precious thing on the Alliance Head is the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline."

Gu Chensha secretly pointed out the crux of the problem. "However, this bloodline is hidden very deeply, and it seems to have a spiritual nature. Up until now, no member of the royal family has been able to awaken it.

As far as I know, Gu Chensha of the Tranquil Immortal Division might have awakened some of it. That's why his strength is so terrifying. I wonder how strong he is now.

The way that the Great Spirit God and the Voodoo Ancestor are nurturing the Alliance Head, it is very likely that they are thinking of a way to awaken the Alliance Head's bloodline and then take it away. " "Your reminder isn't without reason!"

Gu Tanjian came to a sudden realization. His eyes became very deep. "I have never thought of this. It seems that the onlooker sees the game more clearly than the onlooker. That's right, up until now, the ones who have awakened the Gu Clan's royal bloodline might be Gu Huasha and Gu Chensha. Gu Huasha's bloodline might be slightly weaker, while Gu Chensha might have comprehended a key secret and know how to awaken the bloodline. That's why his cultivation is even stronger than an Innate Saint. It's really terrifying. If you have the chance, can you help me find out the secrets of the Tranquil Immortal Division? If I can awaken this bloodline, it might be the key to breaking out of this situation. " "Forgive me for being blunt."

Gu Chensha started to exaggerate. "The day the Alliance Head awakens the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline, will be the day the Great Spirit God and the Voodoo Ancestor reap their harvest. This is a matter of life and death." "In your opinion, what should we do?" As expected, Gu Tanjian was shocked by Gu Chensha's words.

Gu Chensha's current wisdom and experience were already not something that Gu Tanjian could compare with.

Although Gu Tanjian was deep, sinister, and cunning, he was still easily brought into Gu Chensha's circle.