Chapter 376
===========

"This is the Pure Water Mystic Yin Array Technique, a divine power that transfers strength. The Spirit Jade Fortification Array can absorb water pressure and turn it into power to release a light screen."

Gu Chensha was well-read and knew almost everything about Immortal Dao Array Techniques. He was very knowledgeable and could tell at once.

There were three arrays at the entrance that transferred water pressure and turned it into power. Even Gu Chensha could not create it.

In the deep sea, there was huge water pressure all the time, enough to flatten steel. The best way to build a cave abode was to use an array formation to convert the water pressure into power for the array formation. This was extremely difficult to do. Even with Gu Chensha's skills, he could not do it. Unless he cultivated Dharmic powers and reached twenty transformations, he could use Dharmic powers to carve arrays and build a cave abode. Only then would it be possible to build a cave abode in the deep sea.

Connate Vigor Qi could nourish mortal objects and unblock meridians, while Primordial Spirit could give objects spirituality and turn them into treasures.

Golden Core power could nourish the body, allowing it to expand and shrink at will. It was even more mysterious to nourish mortal objects.

For example, if Gu Chensha injected a bit of Core power into an ordinary iron sword, the sword would immediately expand and shrink, turning into an immortal flying sword that could slash people dozens of miles away. But this was not as good as Dharmic powers. A bit of Dharmic powers could turn a rock into gold, completely changing the material structure.

Under the effect of magic power, even ordinary soil could be turned into a precious material for refining weapons. Many Dharma treasures and array formations could only be condensed by cultivating Dharmic powers.

"This array formation can only stop the seawater from seeping in, but it can't stop me."

Gu Chensha took a look and decided to barge in. The owner was dead anyway, and Fa Wuxian had taken over the nest. It was the best opportunity.

He immediately activated his Golden Core, and his body suddenly shrank again, turning into dust. With the Lunisolar Sky technique, he sneaked in.

The Lunisolar Sky technique completely hid one's aura. It was empty, distant, and silent. As the saying went, the sun and the moon were both empty. He didn't activate the spell formation, but just entered the cave.

The first thing that came into sight was a huge cave with a circumference of a hundred miles. The entire undersea mountain had been hollowed out, just like the caves Jing Qiu had built in many mountains in Jingzhou.

The inside of the cave was extremely bright, and the walls all around released a gentle radiance. This was spiritual light, and they were all made from the best stellar jade. The cave was a hundred zhang tall, and it was incomparably grand. Exotic flowers and plants were planted everywhere.

There were also eighty-one altars built in the cave abode that had a circumference of a hundred miles. Each altar had a statue of a god that was several hundred feet tall sitting on it. The statues released a continuous power that served as the support of the cave abode.

Other than that, there was also a stone room in the cave. There were all kinds of shining treasures stored in it. Waves of magic power could be felt from it. At the very center was a giant pill furnace that was as tall as ten people.

This pill furnace was the real highlight of the entire cave. The flame under the pill furnace seemed to be an underground essence flame that never went out.

There was a volcano at the bottom of the sea, and deep in the volcano was the earth fire that was extremely hot. Those with profound magic power would bind the earth fire, and use the array formation to refine it into a fire spirit, which would be used as the fire for alchemy.

The pill furnace was bronze in color, and it looked ancient and vicissitudes of life. There were ancient divine beasts, forests, humans, demons, ghosts, deities, and emperors carved on it. They were vivid and lifelike, as if they were about to jump out from it.

In the pill furnace, there seemed to be something being refined. There were also strong waves of magic power coming from it, and at the same time, a delicate fragrance was emitted.

And Fa Wuxian was sitting in front of the pill furnace. He seemed to be breathing in and out, absorbing the delicate fragrance coming from the pill furnace. His body was like a cloud of smoke, sometimes dim, and sometimes dense. It did not feel real.

"This is a good chance. This state means that the Dharmakaya is not real, and it is a sign that his vitality is greatly injured."

With one look, Gu Chensha knew that Fa Wuxian's injury was extremely serious. Otherwise, how could there be a smell of smoke and clouds? At this moment, he was 80 to 90% sure that he could capture and kill Fa Wuxian.

"Who is it!"

Just as Gu Chensha was thinking about how to deal with Fa Wuxian, Fa Wuxian suddenly stood up, raised his palm, and his magic power surged out.

The magic power searched everywhere, covering the sky and covering the earth. In an instant, it broke through Gu Chensha's invisibility technique, and revealed his body.

"It's you, Gu Chensha." When Fa Wuxian saw Gu Chensha, his face turned fierce, and obvious killing intent could be seen.

"Fa Wuxian, I didn't expect that you would still have such strength despite your injuries. You are able to break through my invisibility technique. You are indeed a Natural Saint."

Gu Chensha stared at Fa Wuxian, "However, you were injured by Jing Qiu's Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd. I'm afraid you only have less than 10% of your strength left. How can you be a match for me?" "Even 10% of my strength is enough to kill you."

Fa Wuxian laughed heartily, "Just when I'm feeling sleepy, someone sends me a pillow. I can't recover my strength, but if I capture you and devour your bloodline, I can definitely recover. Your Calmness Immortal Department actually obtained the bloodlines of North Chen, Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise. After obtaining your bloodline, I will definitely be able to improve further."

"I also want to kill you and fuse you into my Ghost-God's Touch tree. I will definitely be able to refine the Heavenly Demon Tree."

Gu Chensha looked at the cave abode. "Netherworld Ancient Underwater Abode. Netherworld Ancient Netherworld's cultivation is no lower than Jing Qiu's. If I'm not wrong, this cauldron actually has the smell of the Dragonization Pagoda. Could it be that Netherworld Ancient Netherworld obtained the remains of the Dragonization Pagoda? And turned it into a cauldron? "

Immortal Netherworld Ancient was a figure from the era of the Martial Emperor. According to the legends, he even assisted the Martial Emperor. When Gu Chensha saw this cauldron, he felt that it contained the smell of the Dragonization Pagoda.

The Martial Emperor built the Dragonization Pagoda to stabilize the fate of the nation, but it was later destroyed. The first thing Gu Chensha obtained was a wreckage, which was obtained by the Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos and painstakingly refined. And now, this cauldron's power was more than ten times that of the wreckage.

"That's right, it's the wreckage of the Dragonization Pagoda.

Netherworld Ancient's cultivation is about the same as Jing Qiu's, but his battle prowess should be far inferior to Jing Qiu's. "

Fa Wuxian said, "But Netherworld Ancient is also a character. His arcane energy turned into a Netherworld Ancient Relic, which has been brewing in this cauldron for countless years. Although he is already dead, all of his arcane energy crystallized into the Netherworld Ancient Pearl. After thousands of years of refinement, it is only a little bit away from becoming one with this cauldron and becoming a powerful artifact. He hoped to borrow the power of this cauldron to resurrect himself.

But when I found this cauldron, everything belongs to me. Coincidentally, you arrived at this time, so I threw you into the cauldron and let you become one with the cauldron, turning you into a powerful artifact. Then, I will become one with this artifact. That way, I will have the strength to kill Jing Qiu. " "It seems like you are very confident in killing me?"

Gu Chensha was a little solemn. "Indeed, in this cauldron, you will be able to use the power within it, and your strength will increase.

But this is also good, because it makes it more challenging for me. Otherwise, I will have to kill you directly. There is no difficulty at all, and it will not be a good training for me. "

"Who would have thought? I thought that Lou Baiyue would be my opponent, but who would have thought that you would come out of nowhere." Fa Wuxian sighed. "In that case, I can't be bothered to talk to you anymore. Let's finish this quickly. " Buzz …

As he spoke, another Fa Wuxian appeared behind Gu Chensha. This Fa Wuxian held a long sword in his hand and stabbed at Gu Chensha's head. The moment Gu Chensha was attacked, he lunged forward and attacked the real body of Fa Wuxian.

His first move was an extremely fierce attack. His palm was like a knife, and he infused his Core Qi into it. As he stabbed down, a talisman formed in his hand.

Fa Wuxian was about to take it head-on, but he suddenly realized that there was a talisman in Gu Chensha's hand. He immediately shrank back and dodged, not daring to take it head-on.

"Banishing Immortals Talisman."

Fa Wuxian recognized it. This was the move that the three Celestial Masters used in ancient times to make the immortals tremble in fear.

Gu Chensha did not reply. Instead, he waved his hands again, and layers of palm shadows surrounded Fa Wuxian.

He did not use any Dharma spells, but purely used his physical body to attack. His physical body was stronger than any Dharma treasure or weapon. The Golden Elixir was jumping in his body, and he was like a lightning bolt. Swoosh!

He caught up with Fa Wuxian and slapped again, blocking Fa Wuxian's escape route, forcing Fa Wuxian to take his Banishing Immortal Palm.

This Banishing Immortal Palm Technique was just comprehended by Gu Chensha. It was to use the power of the Banishing Immortal on one's hand, and use one's physical body to attack the enemy. By slapping continuously, the enemy's Dharma power would dissipate, and the enemy would be reduced to a mortal.

Fa Wuxian was really annoyed by Gu Chensha's attacks, and for a moment, he was actually at a disadvantage.

"Damn it, if I was killed by the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife that Jing Qiu transformed into, why would I be afraid of his Banishing Immortal Technique? It would not be able to cause any damage to my Dharma power. But now, it's hard to say. Si Jing Qiu is full of tricks, and this person probably has a trump card. I can't take the risk, or else, a single mistake would cause everlasting sorrow, and it would be a joke if I failed miserably." Fa Wuxian dodged continuously, and he was chased by Gu Chensha everywhere.

"Running?"

Gu Chensha looked at Fa Wuxian running everywhere, and he kept chasing after him. He was about to be hit, but Fa Wuxian would always escape at the most crucial moment.

Suddenly, he let out a long roar, and he combined the ten styles of the Son of Heaven God Sealing Art.

The Son of Heaven God Sealing Art had three styles: Sun and Moon Shine Together, Heaven and Earth Live Together, and All Beings Are United. Each style had ten styles.

Most of the Sons of Heaven had only learned the first ten styles, and they had already swept through the world, killing all the demons and gods. There were only a few Sons of Heaven who had learned the second style. Not a single Son of Heaven God Sealing Art had managed to learn the third style.

In other words, the third style of the Son of Heaven God Sealing Art, All in One, had never appeared in the world since ancient times.

This was the first time Gu Chensha used the ten styles as one, the power of Sun and Moon Shine Together.

In an instant, he activated it, and all the Golden Elixir in his body jumped, and all the power was sucked out in an instant.

At this moment, he seemed to have transformed into another sun and moon, and his brilliance filled the cave.