Chapter 661
===========

At this moment, it wasn't just the people in the Wuzhou governor's office that were shocked. In the 99 provinces of the Central Plains, the Common People's Commander in charge of all the governor's manors were breaking through at the same time. Many people had also sensed this spatial ripple.

The Common People's Commander himself was at the fifth level of the True Dragon Technique, which was equivalent to the peak of the Saint realm. No sect could create such a puppet.

So, in terms of luck and fortuitous encounters, the Common People's Commander's combat strength was equivalent to an overlord born with the potential of a Saint.

Moreover, his calculation ability and ability to do things were no different from a Saint. He was highly intelligent and had a clear understanding. With the Common People's Commander helping to govern the world, many governors and officials were able to handle things with ease.

In short, apart from luck and fortuitous encounters, the Common People's Commander had the potential of a Saint in all his abilities.

Moreover, Gu Chensha had the Common People's Commander oversee the world, helping the various governors and inspector-generals manage matters such as the people's livelihood, economy, punishment, etc. This was to connect the Common People's Commander to the fate of the country. In the end, through training, he would reach the highest realm and have his own luck and fate. Governing the country was the greatest training for the Common People's Commander.

The Common People's Commander enforced the law impartially and judged cases like a god. His image of being impartial and impartial was already deeply ingrained in the hearts of the people.

In addition, the Department of Tranquil Immortals also had commoners write novels and stories everywhere to promote the Marshal of the Common People, causing the Marshal of the Common People to have a great reputation. In this way, as time passed, the Marshal of the Common People would be supported by the destiny of the people of the world, once again undergoing a deeper transformation.

The Common People's Commander had advanced to the Two Worlds Seamless Realm of the 27 Transformations of Dao Realm. His power was interconnected, and 360 of them merged into one. Sitting in the Divine Continent, the Imperial Court's control over them greatly increased.

Many governors and inspector-generals cheered, their confidence greatly increased. Some ambitious people who had fortuitous encounters suppressed their ambitions.

Although there were many fortuitous encounters in the entire Central Plains, most cultivators, commoners, and scholars couldn't reach the heavens in one step even if they had fortuitous encounters. They had to cultivate step by step. Basically, even if they had fortuitous encounters, their combat strength would be below Golden Core.

Thinking about it, with Ling Shaofei's luck and fortuitous encounters, he wouldn't be a match for a common people's marshal in a one-on-one fight. Furthermore, there were very few people in the world who had fortuitous encounters who could compare to Ling Shaofei.

Even though Yuhuan Lu had obtained the Dragon Zither of Nature, it was a pity that she had encountered a calamity as soon as she was born. She had been captured by Wan Senshi and had yet to be rescued. From this, it could be seen that there would be a great calamity after a great encounter.

Right now, only the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong had obtained the even more powerful Cauldron of Infinity and had yet to encounter a tribulation. This was undoubtedly because his cultivation had reached a high level and he could control fate, turning calamities into blessings. Furthermore, he was the Son of Heaven himself, but he had never obtained the Sacrificial Talisman. This was equivalent to encountering the greatest calamity. As a result, everything would be smooth sailing in the future, and there would be no more calamities. Because the greatest tribulation had already left him.

From a certain point, although Heaven Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian had taken away some things from him, in truth, he was helping him to transcend realms and break free from the restrictions of being the Son of Heaven.

Between one gain and one loss, Wen Hong had instead obtained huge freedom. He didn't need to bear the karma of being the target of everyone, and he could even enjoy the luck of being the Son of Heaven. Because of this, he was actually really grateful to the Heaven Talisman Emperor.

Of course, the profoundness behind this was something that only the people involved could understand clearly in their hearts. When Gu Chensha broke through, he naturally sensed the breakthrough of the common people's marshal.

He cultivated the Heaven Path Technique and it was the hardest for him to break through. However, the moment he broke through, he wasn't something that a natural born Saint could compare to.

Especially this three-nine transformation, tearing open the void, the two worlds were no longer separated. This was a crucial change. As long as he cultivated it, the tearing ability and capacity of his spiritual power wouldn't be just ascending to the throne.

Gu Chensha's heart had a huge change. As it climbed, he had reached a realm where he could do a billion things at once.

This wasn't all. His divination ability was on a totally different level from before. For example, when Gu Chensha was at the twenty-six transformation, he was like a carriage that was pulled by horses. Even if he refined the Release Bow and Constant and Impermanence Arrows, he just had a few more horses to pull him.

But now, he was like a machine pulling a carriage. In essence, he wasn't on the same level as before.

Numerous pieces of information tossed and turned in his heart, being calculated and combined. The past, the future, all sorts of things were changing one another, causing his Common People Heaven Mending Technique and Common People Heaven Reforming Technique to evolve once more.

Gu Chensha had learned a lot of martial arts, from the Giant Spiritual Force to the Son of Heaven's Investiture Technique, various martial arts, the Maha Suppression Sutra of the Demon Sect, the martial arts contained in Jiang Gongwang's memory, the Taiyi Fantasy Sect, the Universe Mystic Gate, Wen Hong's martial arts like the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Technique, the Heavenly Demon Secret Technique in the Heavenly Demon Book, the various witchcraft incantations of the Xingqiong Clan, the Great Divine Land Method, the Dragon-Raising Mental Sutra, the Dragon-Making Mental Sutra, the bits and pieces of the Saint Dragon Mental Sutra, the Dharma Saint's Secret Art, the Hercules God's Secret Art, the Three Gods of Fu, Lu and Shou, and even the Dou Yiyu's Secret Art. All of them were top-notch existences in the world. Especially now, he had obtained the inheritance of the entire Buddhism civilization. The Buddhism Sect had a complete cultivation system.

There was so much information that even a Sage would not be able to contain it all in his mind. Unfortunately, Gu Chensha could and could even calculate it. Buzz buzz buzz buzz …

It was as if endless lightning was merging together, splitting into Yin and Yang that flowed endlessly.

Gu Chensha's body had already turned into all things and could change at will. He could even turn into fate and destiny to buff the living beings. All the information slowly became his own as he calculated it.

The Common People Heaven Mending Technique and Common People Heaven Reforming Technique, these two techniques started to evolve and reform.

Gu Chensha's body split into two people. One was worried about the world, one hand mending the heavens. He was really merciful and pitied the suffering of the living beings. At the same time, he called on them to become stronger, to fix the flaws in the Heaven Dao and to repair the past.

The other body was the King Path and Saint Path gathered in one body. It was the representation of order and its sharpness could change the world. It would never believe in any kind of authority. This Dao was formed from the Common People Heaven Reforming Technique.

One mending the heavens, the other changing the heavens. It was a perfect merger, like light and darkness, Yin and Yang, the transformation of Taiji.

With a slight movement, Gu Chensha's two bodies merged into one. He casually tore apart layers of space, totally ignoring all the barriers of space. He could even travel through the chaotic flows of space.

Even a God had to be careful if they wanted to travel through the chaotic flows of space. If they faced a space storm, they would die. Their world would shatter and their body and soul would be wiped out.

Gu Chensha wasn't afraid now. In truth, if he hadn't faced a storm like the Universe Tide, he would have been perfectly fine. His cultivation increased, his realm increased, everything was perfect. This was Gu Chensha's current state.

Even if Zhuge Ya rose to God Realm, Gu Chensha was still the true core of the Calming Celestial Department. Without Gu Chensha, they would still collapse. Each and every action of Gu Chensha concerned the safety of the world.

Now that his cultivation had increased, the Commander-In-Chief had broken through as well. As the tide rose, Zhuge Ya felt that the National Destiny absorbed by the sphere of Common People's Wish had greatly increased.

The entire imperial court of Great Yong had the power of the nation. Although the Devil Calamity had descended, and there were internal and external troubles, there had been no large-scale massacres of cities. The common people had no way of making a living. Furthermore, the management of the Celestial Pacification Department had been strengthened. Relying on the production level of the Wildlands, they were still continuously expanding their territory and producing more children. Although the common people were constantly worrying about the impending second Devil Calamity, their living standards were still greatly improved. The quality of newborns was also many times better than before.

The Skydew Pills were still being supplied, and the Celestial Designer Institute provided all sorts of resources. It wasn't just the Central Plains; even the common people in the Wildlands had improved greatly.

This was the Calming Celestial Department's way of governing a country. They lived in hardship and died in peace.

They used the Devil Calamity to create a sense of urgency for the common people, but they did their best to supply them with resources. This way, everyone would have the motivation to practice martial arts, farm, and produce. With the support of large amounts of resources, their cultivation speed would naturally improve by leaps and bounds.

If it wasn't for the oppression of the Devil Calamity, the Great Yongchō would be a place where everyone would enjoy life and lose the will to fight. Instead, the National Destiny would not be what it was now. This was the Calming Celestial Department's ability to make use of the Devil Calamity.

"Seeing that you've cultivated the Twenty-Seven Transformations, Gu Chensha, I'm relieved."

Chang Weiyang stood up. "This time, I've obtained the Buddhist civilization, allowing my cultivation to improve further. I'm more confident in this battle. However, that Dou Yiyu is definitely not a benevolent person. If anything happens to me, the Cosmos Mystic Gate will completely merge with the Calming Celestial Department. Please take care of this disciple." "I can't stop this anymore. You've made up your mind."

Gu Chensha said, "However, even if something happens to you, the Cosmos Mystic Gate will not fall apart. I will do my best to revive your father, Senior Chang Yuzhou. Moreover, I've schemed against you this time, so you'll definitely be fine. You might even break through. " "Thank you for your auspicious words."

Chang Weiyang smiled. "This is a huge opportunity for me. It's rare to have an opponent like Dou Yiyu, so I can't let it go. If I miss this opportunity, there won't be another one.

It looks like I was right to form an alliance with the Calming Celestial Department. If I can revive my father, then the Cosmos Mystic Gate will not truly fall. "