Chapter 970
===========

"Emperor Of Heaven, you know what I'm planning.

I'm going to unify the human world, take over the Heavenly Court, collect the sacrifices, and then subdue you and Gu Chensha. I'm going to build a civilization that surpasses Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra. " Hong Ling Sha wasn't afraid of Emperor Of Heaven at all.

Her cultivation was becoming more and more condensed and powerful. She had even refined so many people who had obtained variant Origin Energy into protectors within the divine light.

"Hong Ling Sha, you're thinking too much."

The Celestial Thearch smiled. "You're quite powerful now, but you're still far from being able to subdue me and Gu Chensha." "Emperor Of Heaven, you're here to suppress me?"

Hong Ling Sha knew that Emperor Of Heaven didn't come with good intentions. After all, the human world belonged to Emperor Of Heaven, and she'd be taking over his property.

"No, I'm here to work with you. If you want to advance quickly, you'll have to work with me.

You're building a kingdom and gathering faith, but it's just a small thing. You'll be suppressed by me. If we work together, I can even give you half of the sacrifices. How about it? "Emperor Of Heaven said.

"Half of the sacrifices?"

Hong Ling Sha was shocked. "Emperor Of Heaven, you're really generous. Aren't you afraid I'll take over?

I know I have the temperament of a new Heaven Empress, but the position of Heaven Empress is too small for me. If you want to recruit me, I can't be Heaven Empress. " "Then what do you want to be?" Emperor Of Heaven asked patiently.

"It's simple. I want to be the Taoist Ancestor, on equal footing with you. The so-called Dao of Heaven is divided into Heaven and Dao. The heavens were the Celestial Emperor, and the Dao was the Dao Ancestor.

Who the hell is the Heaven Empress? You better choose another one. In the future, we will divide the heaven and earth equally. You will be in charge of the Heaven and I will be in charge of the Earth. In this way, we will be in charge of the Yin and Yang. There will be no more doubts. " "You want to be the Taoist Ancestor? There is no such position in the Heavenly Court. "The Emperor Of Heaven frowned.

"The Heavenly Court doesn't have the position of Heavenly King of Reform, but didn't the Dharma Saint still do it?

I know you want to obtain all authority, but right now, you have no control over the situation at all. If my guess is correct, you should be more thorough.

Something big happened in the Heavenly Court. Gu Daoxian attacked your Heavenly Court, but Gu Chensha appeared and captured Gu Daoxian right in front of your eyes.

So you feel great danger, and want to quickly quell the chaos in the human world, so you came to recruit me. Is that right? "Hong Ling Sha seemed to be very perceptive.

"The division of power is now clear. The Everlasting Realm is under Gu Chensha's system, and is the strongest. The Otherworld is actually attached to Gu Chensha. The name 'Otherworld' was also given by Gu Chensha, so I haven't tried to subdue it. There are two other powers. One belongs to me, and the other belongs to you. If we work together, we can fight against Gu Chensha." Hong Ling Sha said, "Your idea is very good, and I'm willing to agree.

The Grand Plume Sand said, "Your idea is very good, and I am willing to agree. The only question now is whether or not you can satisfy my request. I want to be a Dao Ancestor, and my status is transcendent. Furthermore, these subordinates of mine belong to the system of the Dao Ancestor, and not the system of the Heavenly Court. They can listen to your orders, but you cannot banish them into the cycle of reincarnation, nor can you punish them.

"You want to create a second Heavenly Court? That's going to be a bit difficult, and it might even ruin our order."

There was no way the Emperor Of Heaven would agree to something like that. If he did, not only would he fail to achieve his goal of unifying the Heavenly Court, but he would also destroy the order and laws of the Heavenly Court. Fighting would lead to endless trouble.

"If you can't even agree to that, then forget it." Hong Ling Sha laughed coldly. "Don't tell me you want me to be the Empress of Heaven?

If you make that request, then there's no need for us to talk. I'll go find Gu Chensha and kill you. "

"I can agree to be the Taoist Ancestor, but there's one thing I can't agree to. Other than you, all of your subordinates will belong to the Heavenly Court system. I control their lives and deaths. You're the only one I can't control. You can be the Taoist Ancestor, and we'll share all of the Heavenly Court's sacrifices. I can agree to that."

The Celestial Thearch bargained, "Grand Plume Sand, think about it. If you establish a dao palace, and even your subordinates don't listen to me, then the hearts of the people will be different. The number of sacrifices we receive will be very few, and it will be very difficult to achieve immortality.

"Also, I can tell you that all of the people who have joined you are actually being manipulated by some terrifying entity behind the scenes. When the time comes, it will definitely backfire on you, and you'll die a horrible death. Furthermore, I just learned some secrets from Gu Dao-Immortal. I can help you get rid of those problems. In fact, we can even research the secrets of Deathless together. " "Fine. I can agree to that."

Hearing this, the Hong Ling Sha thought about it for a long time, then nodded. "You do have some experience in dealing with Gu Dao-Immortal. In that case, give me your experience, and we can work together." "As you wish."

The Emperor Of Heaven laughed loudly. "Let's work together happily. Actually, there's one thing you're wrong about. Gu Dao-Immortal was captured by Gu Chensha, and I did it on purpose.

Even if I suppressed Gu Dao-Immortal, it would be useless. I couldn't refine him, and in fact, trapping him would take up a lot of my energy. So I let Gu Chensha get it. After Gu Chensha gets it, he'll have to use his own cultivation base to refine Gu Dao-Immortal. That way, he'll have to fight that terrifying entity's will. His power won't grow, but will actually weaken. We can take advantage of this opportunity to strengthen ourselves, and push our power to the pinnacle. It would be best if Gu Chensha and that terrifying entity's will fought to the death. We can even be the fishermen who benefit from it. " "You're right about that," the Hong Ling Sha nodded.

"Indeed, if that terrifying entity has a will, it won't be easy to destroy. While Gu Chensha is tied down, we can quickly develop."

"In that case, let's sign the contract and not go back on our words." The Emperor Of Heaven stretched out his hand. The Hong Ling Sha also stretched out his hand. Their hands clasped together. Rumble!

The entire Human Realm, the entire Heavenly Court, and many other worlds suddenly experienced an unknown change. Many cultivation experts felt the Human Realm expand once again, as if they had obtained some kind of fate.

Especially the Heavenly Court, which shone brightly, and fate descended like a waterfall. All of the officials in the Heavenly Court felt as if they had been released from some kind of shackle, and the bottleneck that they had been unable to break through after so much cultivation was suddenly broken through. This was especially so for the Dharma Saint.

In that instant, he felt his cultivation rising steadily, as if fate had released some kind of ability that could allow him to jump out of everything.

"Immortal …" In the Heavenly Court, halos of light appeared above the Dharma Saint's head. These halos continuously crushed, refined, and refined the sacrificial power. In the end, a trace of immortality was born, and the quality of this immortality was extremely high. "Level Six, Eternal Immortality."

With the Dharma Saint's realm, he could instantly refine the Level Six Immortality from the sacrificial power. Eternal Immortality. In the past, this was only one level lower than the Emperor Of Heaven.

"I actually increased a few levels in a row. Why?

Is my great fortune coming? "The Dharma Saint felt that his strength had increased too much, and it was a little unbelievable. The Emperor Of Heaven was previously at the Level Seven True Immortality Realm.

This realm could suppress everything, and now that the Dharma Saint had reached the Level Six Eternal Immortality Realm, he was most likely the number one person in the Heavenly Court after the Emperor Of Heaven.

"The Heavenly Court's fate has increased greatly."

When Gu Chensha left the Human World, he felt a huge tremor. He looked over and saw the Heavenly Court shining with light, illuminating the boundless space. He couldn't help but nod. "Looks like the Heavenly Court has quelled the unrest in the Human World. The Emperor Of Heaven has finally convinced the Hongling Sand to join forces. This is within my expectations, and it won't affect me much. After all, the Hongling Sand wasn't subdued by the Emperor Of Heaven. Instead, they joined forces, and the Hongling Sand is on an equal footing with the Emperor Of Heaven.

The Hongling Sand's ambition is even greater than that of the Emperor Of Heaven. The two of them are scheming against each other, causing the Heavenly Court to be impure, and the Heavenly Dao to be split in two. This is also my chance. The Emperor Of Heaven wants me to go against the terrifying thing in Gu Daoxian's body, to restrict my strength and buy time for me. I want the terrifying thing to take advantage of while the Emperor Of Heaven and the Hongling Sand are scheming against each other. When that happens, I'll be able to capture them both in one fell swoop. "

"Let me go, let me go! Gu Chensha, you beast, you dare to capture me? You can't destroy me at all, and you have to waste your strength to suppress me. After capturing me, your strength not only didn't increase, it actually decreased. Why bother?" Gu Daoxian roared in Gu Chensha's palm.

"I didn't capture you to refine you."

With a whooshing sound, Gu Chensha left the mortal world, and arrived in the Eternal World. "I've never refined anyone. Given my current cultivation base, I don't even care about mutated Essences.

I'm already close to the ninth level of the Deathless Realm, the peerless Deathless Realm. However, I'm still a bit short of maturity. I'm just trying to influence you, to change you.

You have an enormous amount of mutated Essences, and now you're being invaded by the terrifying thing's will. You're not even clear-headed, and you're constantly being infected by that terrifying will. If you want to get rid of it and gain complete freedom, you have to use a series of methods. "

"Gu Chensha, you actually want to change my mind? You're really too vicious. Killing someone is just a matter of nodding your head to the ground. You're even more vicious than killing me!" Gu Daoxian roared, feeling very uneasy.

"Dragonless Dao."

Gu Chensha didn't say anything else to Gu Daoxian. He used his Dragonless Heart Technique, and immediately, the vast river of civilization descended.

The river of civilization had no beginning and no end. Within it, each wave was a resplendent civilization. Within it, there were peddlers and pawns, emperors and generals, and even all sorts of countries and principles.

The river of civilization contained hundreds of trillions of civilizations, and it surged forward, searching for the end of civilization. The river flowed forward, and civilizations were constantly being born. Gradually, it was possible to see what the end of civilization was.