Chapter 969
===========

"Prison!" The Emperor Of Heaven attacked, and the prison that imprisoned Gu Daoxian descended. Crackle!

The prison shone with a bright light, and it enveloped Gu Chensha's clone. Then, it was going to be imprisoned together with Gu Daoxian.

"Gu Yujian, I've gathered you and Gu Chensha's clone together.

If you want to live, it's very simple. Consume Gu Chensha's clone, and your cultivation will improve. You might even be able to break out of the prison and escape. "The Emperor Of Heaven laughed.

The Emperor Of Heaven imprisoned Gu Chensha's clone and Gu Daoxian in the same prison. They would kill each other, and he would be the fisherman who reaped the benefits.

He had imprisoned Gu Daoxian, but if he wanted to refine and kill Gu Daoxian, he would need to expend a lot of Essence Qi. He might even have to suffer the counterattack of the terrifying thing in Gu Daoxian's body, which could cause him great harm.

He was very afraid of the black dot in Gu Daoxian's body, so he let Gu Chensha's clone fight it head-on.

Gu Chensha's clone entered the prison and nodded. "Emperor Of Heaven, your prison can't control me at all. But since you let me in, I'll beat you at your own game and refine Gu Daoxian. But I don't think it's very good that you named him Gu Yujian. Stupid isn't a bad word. Isn't it said that great wisdom looks stupid? This person should be called Gu Yujian. Stupid and stupid can form the same word, but stupid is definitely not stupid. " "Gu Chensha, how dare you insult me like this?"

Gu Daoxian flew into a great rage. "The Heavenly Emperor is right. This is an opportunity for me. Although I'm currently trapped by the Heavenly Emperor, he can't do anything to me. If I devour this clone of yours, my abilities will increase greatly, and I'll be able to turn the tables." "Is that so?"

Gu Chensha was still strolling leisurely. "Stupid Ancient Sword, you're so stupid that I don't have any way to reprimand you. In that case, I'll let you know why you're so stupid." As he spoke, Gu Chensha opened his palm.

Instantly, the river of civilization flowed within his palm. It was endless, and countless civilizations appeared in his palm. It was as if he was the creator of all civilizations, and all of them used him as their source. The civilization revolved in his palm and slowly flew out, spreading out in all directions. Dong, dong, dong … Gu Daoxian's heart started to beat violently.

This was an involuntary beating. As the civilization in Gu Chensha's palm spread out, Gu Daoxian's heart seemed to not listen to his commands and was about to break out of his body and fly out. His spirit and his thoughts had become disconnected. There was a certain intrinsic quality in the depths of his spirit that yearned for great freedom, while his thoughts were rigid and stubborn.

"What's going on? I can't move!"

Gu Daoxian was greatly shocked because he realized that his body and even some things in the intrinsic quality of his spirit did not listen to his commands at all. He could not even move a finger, let alone attack.

"This is something you cannot understand. You cannot control the intrinsic quality of your spirit, and you cannot subdue your heart either. The heavens are not high, but the human heart is the highest. Subduing the human heart is even more difficult than subduing the Heavenly Dao. It is easy to subdue the hearts of others, but difficult to subdue one's own heart."

Gu Chensha opened his palm and said slowly, "In the depths of your heart, you don't want to be bound, you don't want to be controlled. You yearn for great freedom and great freedom. This is the reason why you actively seek refuge with me. Your heart has betrayed you. Or rather, everyone's heart yearns for freedom. If you give it a chance to be free, it will definitely not let it go. Or perhaps, the heart that you want me to seek refuge with is the real you, and the you who speaks is the fake you."

"You're just trying to scare me. I won't believe you." Gu Daoxian gritted his teeth. "I'll go all out." Rumble!

In his body, an inexplicable power surged. The black dot in his body was activated once again, and it actually suppressed his own heart. Then, his body shrank, and he clawed at Gu Chensha's face.

"Gu Chensha, die!" "Not bad. Not bad."

When Gu Chensha saw what was happening, he said, "The will of that terrifying thing inside of you is really something. It might have reached the Invincible Deathless level. Unfortunately, it's still a bit off. If that terrifying thing completely condensed into a physical form, it would be impossible for it to reach that level.

If that terrifying thing completely solidified, it would definitely reach the ninth level of the Invincible Deathless Realm. But right now, it is not.

"As for me, I've almost comprehended the secrets of the Invincible Deathless Realm. Emperor Of Heaven, do you know why I asked you to comprehend the Invincible Deathless Realm?

Because I've already seen the Invincible Deathless Realm. Even if you cultivate the Invincible Deathless Realm, you are still within my control. " By this time, Gu Daoxian's claw had already reached Gu Chensha's face. However, Gu Chensha suddenly disappeared, causing Gu Daoxian's claw to grab thin air.

Next, Gu Chensha appeared behind Gu Daoxian, sitting cross-legged in mid-air. Beneath him was a huge dragon. This dragon was not alive, but rather, a dragon formed from many civilizations. Every scale on the dragon was a civilization, a civilization that was as vast as an epic. These civilizations combined to form a huge dragon. The huge dragon roamed the past, the present, and the future, searching for freedom, searching for opportunities, and searching for transcendence.

Then, Gu Chensha's hands formed a seal. The center of the seal was empty. There was nothing there. He could not see the void, the past, the present, and the future. He could not see karma, he could not see fate, he could not see the hearts of men, and he could not see the world. Everything was nothingness.

This nothingness encompassed everything. Gu Daoxian's body shrank again, and he involuntarily flew into the seal formed by Gu Chensha's hands. Rumble! It was like a hundred rivers returning to the sea.

Even though Gu Daoxian used all his secret techniques, he was still unable to break free from Gu Chensha's control.

In the end, he fell into Gu Chensha's palm just like that, and became a person the size of a soybean. No matter how he jumped, no matter how he used his mystical abilities, it was of no use. He could not jump out of Gu Chensha's palm at all.

"Alright, Emperor Of Heaven, this time, I'm not planning to destroy your Celestial Court. Since you've comprehended a technique to supervise all living beings, it's the opposite of my Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique. I'd like to see how far you can go. To me, it'll also be a reference.

"Oh, right, the Hongling Sand is the Empress, the new Empress you believe to be. However, she has already fallen into the trap of that terrifying thing's will, and will soon attack the Celestial Court. You'd better take care of yourself." Swoosh!

Gu Chensha grabbed out with his palm, and Gu Daoxian was caught in it. Then, with a slight movement of his body, he broke free from the prison, and left the Celestial Court.

The Emperor Of Heaven's most powerful secret technique, the prison that he had set up, was actually completely useless against Gu Chensha's incarnation.

Gu Chensha could sneak up to the Emperor Of Heaven's side at any time and place, and launch a fatal attack against the Emperor Of Heaven.

"Terrifying, too terrifying."

The Dharma Saint hid at the side, and when he saw this scene, his whole body trembled. "This is just one of Gu Chensha's incarnations, and it's already so powerful.

The Celestial Court won't be able to withstand it at all. In that case, if Gu Chensha really wants to make a move, the Celestial Court won't be able to hold on at all. " "What? Dharma Saint, has your heart wavered? "

Seeing Gu Chensha leave, the Emperor Of Heaven fell silent for a while, then looked at the Dharma Saint and said, "Your Majesty, your subject hasn't wavered.

"Your Majesty, this subject isn't shaken. This subject just feels that it's inconceivable. Why is Gu Chensha so powerful? Has he really reached the ninth level of the Invincible Deathless level? "

The Dharma Saint said, "Your Majesty, this Gu Chensha definitely has the power to destroy us. We can't be so passive. We have to think of another way."

The Emperor Of Heaven waved his hand. "Gu Chensha is indeed powerful. His power has once again surpassed my expectations. If my guess is correct, his true power is no less than that of Gu Taxian. However, he has a fatal flaw. Do you know why he doesn't dare to use his true body to kill me? It's because he's afraid that my true body will destroy the Everlasting World. " "Your Majesty, what should we do next?"

The Dharma Saint asked. "Just now, Gu Chensha mentioned the matter of the Hongling Sand. Right now, this woman has already begun to expand her territory in the human world. She has already gathered many people who have obtained the source of variation."

"The Hongling Sand has successfully cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra. Then, I secretly poured it into the Queen of Heaven's source. Right now, she's already under the control of that terrifying thing. However, I can't enter her heart."

The Sky Emperor said, "Once the Dragonless Cultivation Technique reaches the grand completion stage, one will be able to completely control one's heart and soul and obtain great freedom. Through the cultivation of the Grand Feather Sand, I have also grasped the secrets of the Dragonless Cultivation Technique and will soon be able to cultivate it. At that time, my cultivation base will truly be on par with Gu Chensha. The Hongling Sand doesn't matter. I'll go see her and join hands with her. Doesn't she want the power of sacrifice? I'll give it to her. " As he spoke, the Emperor Of Heaven disappeared. In the human world.

The Hongling Sand was cultivating. Ancestor Hong Yun and the others were expanding their territory. Gradually, they had occupied a large area. Many living beings had already submitted to them, producing a large amount of power of sacrifice. However, they hadn't expanded very much, because they were still a bit afraid of the Heavenly Court. Moreover, they were waiting for the battle between Gu Daoxian and the Emperor Of Heaven.

"Hmm, what on earth happened?

The war in the Heavenly Court seems to have stopped? "The Hongling Sand suddenly opened her eyes and looked at the Heavenly Court.

Everything in the Heavenly Court was reflected in her eyes. However, she couldn't see clearly in the central hall. She could only see endless light.

"The Emperor Of Heaven has actually cultivated to such a level.

He's already truly entered the eighth level, the Immortal Realm. Could it be that he suppressed Gu Daoxian? If that's the case, then it'll be troublesome. After the Emperor Of Heaven refined Gu Daoxian, his strength increased sharply. He can operate in the human world and prevent me from expanding? "The Hongling Sand hesitated. Just as she was hesitating, a person appeared in front of her.

This person was tall, and had his hands clasped behind his back. He wore a flat imperial hat, and his face was hidden by a curtain of beads. It was none other than the Emperor Of Heaven.

"Emperor Of Heaven!" The Hongling Sand was shocked. "You dare to appear in front of me? You suppressed Gu Daoxian? "