Chapter 608
===========

Male.

"Jing Qiu, you're amazing."

The Dharma Saint looked at Jing Qiu. "You were able to comprehend the profound meaning of the Myrtle Crape Star. You used the power of faith of the Holy Sama Empire to melt the Myrtle Crape Star, and then turned the profound meaning of the Myrtle Crape Star into a microscopic world. Even though you're not at the God Realm, you possess some of the power of the God Realm. Furthermore, this is an absolutely righteous path. In the desert, you expanded the empire, cultivated the land, and turned the boundless Immensity Sea into an oasis. This is a matter of great merit to the heavens and earth. No wonder you've received some sort of blessing."

"This is just a trifling matter. It's not worth mentioning in front of the Lord Dharma Saint." Jing Qiu's tone was very respectful.

"What? You've come here today to obtain the position of True God? "the Dharma Saint asked.

"The Dharma Saint wants to obtain this position. With its power, he can suppress all the Dharma Realms and turn them into medium-class worlds. How could Jing Qiu dare to compete with the Lord Dharma Saint for such a grand undertaking?"

Jing Qiu waved his hands. "I think the Lord Dharma Saint has a grand scheme. The reason he hasn't made a move yet is because he wants all the cultivators and experts to enter the broken God Kingdom. When the Lord fights for the position of True God, he will suddenly make a move and take the broken God Kingdom.

This way, all the cultivators fighting for the position of True God will be subdued by the Dharma Saint, including some of the God Realm experts. Even the people from the Tranquil Immortal Department will be wiped out in one fell swoop. And when the Lord Dharma Saint takes the broken God Kingdom and fuses it with all the Dharma Realms, all the Dharma Realms will eventually transform. " "Jing Qiu, you can actually see through my plans?"

The Dharma Saint nodded. "It seems that I wasn't wrong about you. In that case, why did you come here? Could it be that you want to rely on me? " "Lord Dharma Saint, I have no choice but to cling to you."

Jing Qiu nodded. "With His Excellency the Dharma Saint's permission, my Holy Samar Empire is willing to introduce the Legalism's Code of All Ages, erect a statue of the Dharma Saint, and offer sacrifices to the Dharma Saint. I only hope that Lord Dharma Saint can protect my empire and help it develop. "

"In the past few years, your Holy Samar Empire has developed extremely rapidly. I have to say, Jing Qiu, you are a talent. Even the people in the 72 Mysterious Gates of the Immortal Dao who are good at running a country are not worth mentioning compared to you.

If they were to govern the same population of 100,000, the amount of power of faith they could produce would be ten times weaker than yours.

If my school of Legalism had a talent like you who is good at management, I'm afraid that we would have advanced to a medium-class world long ago. "The Dharma Saint sighed.

For a sect, it was important to have peerless masters to suppress the sect, but the most important thing was to manage and develop talents. Only in this way could the sect's mountain gate have a steady stream of people's faith to absorb, nourishing the operation and promotion of the Minor Thousand World.

"The so-called way of running a country is nothing more than to help the people and unite the hearts of the people.

When the way of the economy is developed, the hearts of the people will inevitably begin to rot, giving rise to many freaks.

In order to unite the hearts of the people, they must be brainwashed. Once brainwashed, the people themselves will lose their creativity, and will instead restrict the country.

"These two things must be balanced, and attention must be paid at all times. Right now, the Celestial Calmness Department's governance has a huge hidden danger. They rely on the Tree of Desire to transfuse blood into the world, and then use oaths to brainwash the people. Their methods are too simple. If this continues, it will be fine. Unfortunately, because of the Devil Calamity, countless people have obtained fortuitous encounters, which will inevitably cause them to swell, and they will not be able to control it. Moreover, in order to show how broad-minded the Celestial Calmness Department is, they do not collect fortuitous encounters. If this continues, more and more people will obtain fortuitous encounters. Who will be willing to be ordinary?

"As a result, as the experts among the people who have had fortuitous encounters brew, there will definitely be a huge hidden danger.

"If this chapter is not finished, please flip the page."

At that time, the Tranquil Immortal Department would be exhausted, and would naturally be dragged down to the ground.

"At that time, even if there is no Devil Calamity, the imperial court will still fall apart, let alone when the Devil Calamity is eyeing us covetously." Jing Qiu spoke at length.

The Dharma Saint's expression was solemn. He could naturally tell that Jing Qiu had comprehended his own path.

"I don't want your Holy Sama Empire's faith."

The Dharma Saint said, "I don't want any sacrifices either. However, if you think my Codex of Eternity is useful, you can take it to comprehend. But if my guess is correct, Wan Senshi is very interested in your empire. " "What?" Jing Qiu's expression changed.

"You don't need to worry. Wan Senshi is carrying out a huge plan. "

The Dharma Saint said, "Given his status, he will only nurture your empire, and will not restrict you in any way. Your empire is developing well, but he doesn't care about it." Just as the Dharma Saint was speaking …

In the distant depths of the desert, in the palace of the Holy Sama Empire, Jing Fanxing was reading through documents. Although he was not the emperor, he was still the most respected minister in the imperial court, and his position was unshakable, because this was the arrangement of the gods. [Si] In the Holy Samar Empire, Jing Qiu was the only god.

Moreover, in recent years, Jing Qiu's cultivation had become extremely profound, and with the help of faith, he had activated the profoundness of the Myrtle Imperial Star. Even before he had reached the Deity level, he had his own microscopic world. With this, his various miracles and operations were even more profound. Moreover, the Minute Dust World could store faith to aid his cultivation.

With the Myrtle Imperial Star's profundities fused with him, he could become a natural-born saint. The Myrtle Imperial Star was equivalent to a Lord of Six Stars, only slightly weaker than Zhuge Ya's Lord of Seven Stars. However, if Jing Qiu wanted to defeat Zhuge Ya, this was far from enough.

"The Devil Calamity has broken out in the Divine Central Continent. I've received a lot of information here. I've heard that countless people have had fortuitous encounters. Even old farmers can obtain immortal treasures by hoeing the fields. It's a pity that I'm sitting here right now and can't obtain any of those fortuitous encounters. When can I go to the Divine Central Continent?" Jing Fanxing suddenly felt a bit vexed.

The Divine Central Continent was now filled with fortuitous encounters. No one could sit still and try their luck. Even some of the seventy-two mystical gates of the Immortal Dao and some of the old fellows from the Primeval Era couldn't suppress the fire in their hearts.

If one was fated to come across a fortuitous encounter like this, they could break through to a realm that they had been unable to comprehend for so long.

Throughout the countless calamities that had occurred since ancient times, this sort of thing had been a common occurrence.

"Jing Fanxing, you can't sit still anymore? It seems that your willpower isn't strong enough. "At that moment, a hoarse voice rang out.

"Who is it?!"

Jing Fanxing was shocked. Then he saw a man in robes and an ancient bronze mask. He couldn't tell if the man was a man or a woman.

Knowing that he was no match for this person, Jing Fanxing hastily bowed. "Which senior is joking with me like this? If Fanxing has offended you in any way, please punish me. Please do not harm the people of my nation." (This chapter isn't over. Please continue to the next page.)

"Very good.

You've developed a heart of love for your people. However, this is because the people are your wealth. Losing one is the same as losing an endless source of faith.

This kind of love is only for the sake of protecting your wealth, but it's still very commendable. "The man in the robes and the bronze mask said," Kneel and kowtow, and I'll accept you as my disciple. "

"Master, please accept a bow from your disciple." Jing Fanxing didn't ask any questions. He knelt and kowtowed three times and nine times.

"Oh?

You didn't even ask me about my origin, and just took me as your disciple? "The man in the robes and the bronze mask asked curiously.

"In any case, it's still a knife if I stick my head out, and it's still a knife if I shrink my head. Senior's magical power is so profound that I'm no match for you at all. If you have any evil intentions, you can just kill me directly, and I won't have any chance to resist. Senior, you came here to ask me to take you as my disciple. If I don't obey and annoy you, it'll be a disaster," Jing Fanxing said.

"You're worth teaching."

The man in the robes and the bronze mask nodded. "Since you've taken me as your disciple without asking anything, it's your good fortune. Now that we're master and disciple, I might as well tell you that my name is Wan Senshi." "Ah!

So it's Your Excellency Wan Senshi, the Alliance Leader of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals. Rumor has it that you've surpassed the three Heavenly Venerables, the number one person in the universe. "Jing Fanxing kowtowed again.

"Where did you hear all this? I'm the one who has surpassed the three Heavenly Venerables, the number one person in the universe?"

The mysterious Wan Senshi laughed involuntarily. "You're an interesting kid, but I don't dare to claim to be the number one person in the universe. As for the three Heavenly Venerables, although they're my juniors, they've also caught up with them. They're very impressive." "Junior heard about it from Wu Dang Kong." Jing Fanxing hurriedly said.

"I see."

Wan Senshi ignored these small details. "Since you've taken me as your master, I'll have to give you some benefits. Your foundation was destroyed by Banish Immortal, and then your life was extended by Dou Nineteen. Unfortunately, it's just a struggle at death's door. It's basically impossible for you to rebuild after destruction. However, I have my means to help you recover and improve. You've encountered such a great calamity, but you're still alive, so you'll definitely achieve great things in the future." "Thank you for your guidance, Master. What do you want me to do?" Jing Fanxing was overjoyed.

"It's very simple. Continue to develop your Sama Empire. The more it grows, the better. However, at the most critical moment, I'll have you hold a sacrifice," Wan Senshi said.

"What sacrifice does Master want me to hold?"

Jing Fanxing knew that a sacrifice was no small matter. Right now, the power of the entire Holy Sama Empire was in the hands of Jing Qiu.

"You don't need to panic. The sacrifice is very simple. It's just a prayer to the heavens to expel the Outsider. "

Wan Senshi made it clear. "The Outsider is the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Like a virus, he invaded the Heavenly Dao and caused it to sink. Now, we're holding a great sacrifice to save the Heavenly Dao. This is the merit of saving the world. This sacrifice is also the Sacrifice of Salvation. " "I see."

Jing Fanxing had the root of wisdom, so he immediately understood. "Given your disciple's Holy Sama Empire Sacrificial Ceremony, there's nothing I can do. Master, are you going to gather everyone? The Immortal Dao, the Demon Race, even the Demon Race, and even the humans, to carry out the Sacrifice of Salvation?"

"That's right. Once the Sacrifice of Salvation is carried out, there'll be no hope for Gu Taxian," Wan Senshi said. (End of Chapter)