Chapter 711
===========

"Gu Tiansha!"

The Martial Emperor was startled. He felt that his surroundings had been sealed by this person who called himself Gu Tiansha. He could feel the power and might of the Great Thousand World. Worthy of Your Collection

"You are the Sun-Moon Lord." How intelligent was the Martial Emperor? He immediately understood. He was extremely fearful and had used his power to protect himself.

"That's right, I am the Sun-Moon Lord, but that's just one of my identities. My true identity is even higher than the Sun-Moon Lord. I'm the strongest existence born from the conflict between the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian. It can be said that I'm the only one between heaven and earth. I just happened to be born with the help of the Sun-Moon Lord's intent realm. My potential isn't something a mere Sun-Moon Lord can compare to."

Gu Tiansha didn't seem to attack the Martial Emperor because he knew that Wan Senshi had spent a lot of effort to nurture the Martial Emperor.

If he made a move, he would definitely attract Wan Senshi's attention. In that case, it would be troublesome for Wan Senshi to fight him.

Even if Gu Tiansha could use the power of the Sun-Moon Great Thousand World, it would still be dangerous if he fought with Wan Senshi.

After all, now that the Heavenly Dao had fallen, any powerful existence would be in danger of falling.

Even the Heavenly Dao itself had been penetrated by Gu Taxian, causing all sorts of unbelievable changes.

Therefore, Gu Tiansha would definitely not rashly go against an ancient and powerful existence like Wan Senshi.

In reality, although Wan Senshi had suffered some losses in the hands of Gu Chensha, that was because Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao was ever-changing and he had colluded with a powerhouse like Xing Qiongshi. Xing Qiongshi's strength wasn't inferior to Wan Senshi's.

Moreover, this time, it was Wan Senshi who established the New Divine Land, which gave Gu Chensha a chance to test out the power of the 100th layer of the Divine Land's Secret Technique.

If Wan Senshi hadn't formed the New Divine Land back then, Gu Chensha probably wouldn't have been able to save Yuhuan Lu so easily.

It was only with the help of the 100th layer of the Divine Land Technique that Gu Chensha was able to let Yuhuan Lu get rid of the shackles so easily and collect the new Divine Land.

The 100th level of the Divine Land's Body was beyond Wan Senshi's imagination, and it was also an existence that Wan Senshi could not resist.

If Xing Qiongshi could really fuse himself with the Central Divine Continent and become one with the Divine Continent, he would probably be able to kill three Heavenly Venerables with a single punch.

Of course, Gu Chensha's plan was for Xing Qiong Shi to focus on giving up, but Xing Qiong Shi couldn't do that. He still focused on himself and walked the path of devouring all things, not sacrificing himself to help all things. This meant that Xing Qiong Shi would not be able to cultivate the Divine Continent's 100th layer.

Gu Chensha even felt that if he were to use the 100th layer of the Divine Land's Body at the most critical moment, he could master the last move that Xing Qiongshi had yet to master, and use it as his trump card.

Xing Qiong Shi perfected the Divine Continent Great Technique, and Gu Chensha could use this technique to its limit. A true Great Perfection.

"Gu Tiansha, what exactly do you want?" Martial Emperor asked.

"It's very simple. Join me," Gu Tiansha said, "I'll give you benefits, and you'll abandon Wan Senshi and work for me."

"This …" Martial Emperor had a prideful personality, and he almost thought that he was number one in the world. As the overlord of the Divine Land, how could he submit to someone? Gu Tiansha seemed to be easy to talk to, but he could actually kill him at any time. His intuition told him that he was far from being a match for the Sun Moon Lord. "I've already planted Wan Senshi's brand in my body. Wan Senshi has spent many natural spirit treasures and primordial treasures on me, such as the Beginning Emperor's Seal and Emperor's Life Talismans. If I betray him, I'll probably die a horrible death.

"That's not a problem. I'll use the power of the Sun Moon Great Thousand to refine the brand that Wan Senshi left in your body. That way, Wan Senshi won't be able to control you. Of course, you'll need to cooperate during the refining process. I can even help you pour in the power of the Sun Moon Great Thousand to push your cultivation to the limit, the peak of the 36 Changes of Embodiment of Embodiment."

Gu Chensha said, "If I'm not wrong, you've just cultivated the 35 Changes of Cosmic Dust, and you'll need some fortuitous encounters to advance to the 36 Changes. Without any fortuitous encounters, you'll probably need several decades. Don't be complacent with your current cultivation. You can't even deal with Lou Baiyue." "What did you say? I can't deal with a mere junior? "Martial Emperor seemed to have been greatly humiliated.

"See for yourself."

At this time, a scene appeared with a flick of Gu Tiansha's fingers. In this scene, the battle between Lou Baiyue and Wang Chengshi was displayed.

Lou Baiyue constantly manipulated the Cosmic Dust World, pressuring Wang Chengshi to the 35 Changes of Cosmic Dust to the point where he couldn't even breathe. Martial Emperor felt his heart palpitate as he watched.

"This, this is the true power of the Great Massacre Divine Art."

Only then did Martial Emperor deeply understand that they were both Emperors and had also unified the divine continent. The difference between him and the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor was like the difference between a speck of dust and a star.

"That's right, the Great Massacre Divine Art is an extremely profound existence. Only Lou Baiyue can successfully cultivate it. Of course, Gu Chensha, who has cultivated the Heavenly Dao Art, will also be able to fully activate the Great Massacre Divine Art if he advances to the Deity realm. He might even be able to display abilities that are even more terrifying than Lou Baiyue. That Wang Chengshi is the Son of the Great Chiliocosm of the Mystical Ability Great Chiliocosm. He has inherited a portion of the destiny of the Mystical Ability Great Chiliocosm."

Gu Tiansha said, "If you fight with him, you might not be able to deal with him. Therefore, if you fight with Lou Baiyue, you'll definitely lose.

How about it, is the Calming Immortal Department filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons that you can't deal with?

If you rely on Wan Senshi, it'll be futile if you want to take revenge. Wan Senshi himself can't deal with the Calming Immortal Department, but I've rescued Wang Chengshi from the hands of the Calming Immortal Department. Tell me, should you submit to me or to Wan Senshi? "

"Fine, I'm willing to submit to you and remove the mark that Wan Senshi left on me. I'm also not willing to be controlled by Wan Senshi. Of course, the most important thing is that Wan Senshi himself is already starting to feel helpless against the Calming Immortal Department. If I want to take revenge, Wan Senshi won't be able to help me accomplish this important task." The Martial Emperor's expression became resolute, but in the depths of his heart, he definitely had other plans.

"Very well, I'll help you eliminate this hidden danger. Although Wan Senshi's forbidden technique is powerful, it's still not worth mentioning in front of the Sun Moon Great Thousand Realms.

Wan Senshi is only in the Sky Longevity Realm, so how can he compare to the Sun Moon Great Thousand Realms of the Heaven Origin Realm? "

At this moment, Gu Tiansha waved his sleeve, and the world immediately spun. The Martial Emperor and him arrived at the center of the Martial Province, where the Yangwu Mountain, Yuanwu Mountain, True Martial Mountain, Martial Transformation Mountain, and Extreme Martial Mountain were located. At the very center of the five mountains, at the peak of True Martial Mountain. The five mountains had originally been accepted by the authorities.

However, in order to leave a good impression on the outside world, the Calming Immortal Department had left a few palaces for the Wu Clan, which were located at the peak of True Martial Mountain.

Now, there were only a few Wu Clan disciples guarding the palaces, and they were basically desolate. No one wanted to live in a desolate place without any resources. Swoosh!

At this time, Gu Tiansha and Wan Senshi had already landed in the Martial Sacred Hall. The hall was very tall and wide, and in the depths of the hall stood a divine statue of the Martial Saint.

In the past, the Martial Saint's sacred statue had been practically full of incense offerings. Countless Wu Clan disciples had to offer sacrifices and pray every day. During the new year, they would even hold a grand ceremony. The ceremony was huge, and the entire Martial Province would be alarmed. Even the citizens of the Martial Province had to offer sacrifices to the Martial Saint. But now, in front of the Martial Saint's sacred statue, there was almost no incense offerings.

"I once had the world under my control, and the Martial Saint's incense offerings had once surpassed the Legalists. But now, it has fallen to such a state. "The Martial Emperor sighed.

"This is the method that the Heavenly Talisman Great Thearch used to seal the gods and abolish the sacrifices.

The Department of Tranquility has also inherited this method. I will remove all the restrictions that Wan Senshi placed in your soul and body, and allow you to collect the five mountains of the Wu Clan, as well as the power of faith that has continued for thousands of years. I will even resurrect the Martial Saint to revitalize your Wu Clan. " Gu Tiansha's tone was as vast as the sky, as if there was nothing in the world that could stump him.

"The five mountains here can be collected as well? Won't it cause a commotion? If the Department of Tranquility notices it, "the Martial Emperor frowned.

"You don't have to worry about that."

Gu Tiansha said, "I have set up the power of the sun and moon, and it can definitely deceive the heavens. These five mountains were refined by the Martial Saint back in the day, and he even had many fortuitous encounters. He refined these five mountains to stabilize the Wu Clan's luck, to make the Wu Clan prosper, and to provide him with a large number of sacrifices. In the end, it allowed him to break free from the shackles of the Heavenly Dao and be reborn.

The power of these five mountains is extremely great, and they have already become one with the Martial Province. Even with your strength, you won't be able to collect them successfully. But I'm different.

Use the power of these five mountains to enter your body, summon the Martial Saint, and completely resurrect him. Not only will your cultivation increase greatly, but you can also establish a passage to plunder some of Wan Senshi's power for yourself. " "Very well, I will follow the instructions of the Lord of the Sun and Moon."

The Martial Emperor also knew that he couldn't beat the Lord of the Sun and Moon at this time. He could only wait for an opportunity to obtain benefits.

"Sit properly." The Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, patted the Martial Emperor. Immediately, the Martial Emperor was enveloped by an invisible force. He couldn't help but be shocked.

The Martial Emperor himself was an expert at the thirty-five transformations of dust, but in front of Gu Tiansha, he was like a child being played in the palm of the Lord of the Sun and Moon.

This kind of depression was simply indescribable, but in the depths of his heart, he secretly plotted, "As long as I can devour the Lord of the Sun and Moon, I can ascend to an unimaginable level, and breaking through to the Celestial Sovereign Realm will be a piece of cake. All the magnates in the world are searching for the Lord of the Sun and Moon. Perhaps I can find many opportunities from there. "!!

Important notice: This is a free app of this site, no ads, no errors, fast updates, members synchronized bookshelves, text size adjustment, reading brightness adjustment, better reading experience, please follow the official WeChat account. appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy) Download the free reader!