Chapter 882
===========

"I never would have guessed that Gu Chensha would have a plan like this," Gu Chensha said, grinding his teeth.

Gu Xuansha gnashed his teeth in anger. Deep down, he had other plans. He wanted to use the power of the System of the One God to force Gu Tiansha and the system to fight. Eventually, both of them would be seriously injured, and he would be able to devour both of them. That way, he would be free and unfettered for all eternity, invincible, and able to do whatever he wanted.

"If he didn't have this plan, then he wouldn't have been able to fight against the Celestial Emperor. Now, he has used his own strength to suppress the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds to the point where they can't move.

If he didn't exist, the divine continent would have become the Heavenly Court, and Emperor Of Heaven would have come out to take control.

But that's not important. I'm confident I can assimilate the System of the One God and devour the twelve magisters. "

"Those twelve psychic seals are deathless," Gu Chensha said. "They're indestructible and indestructible. Even when heaven and earth were destroyed and the universe returned to primal-chaos, they couldn't do anything to them. I don't think it's possible to assimilate them."

"If you and I work together, we can succeed. You still don't understand what kind of role you play for the System. In essence, you are a parasite, while the System and the Battleship are parasites. They live in your body, absorbing your blood and Qi. No, it should be said that the System and the Battleship are evil spirits, possessing you, a person with a strong Yang Qi, absorbing your Yang Qi, turning you into its food. But because of this, you can use the power of the System and the Battleship.

I just need to strengthen your blood, and then you can infiltrate the system. That way, we'll be able to take control of the system. Come on, let's do it! "

Gu Chensha and Gu Chensha were scheming against each other. Originally, Gu Chensha hadn't been a match for Gu Chensha. But now that he had the power of the system, he could fight Gu Chensha to a standstill.

"Okay, this time we will work together sincerely and stop doubting each other." Crown Prince Gu Xuansha also knew that using Gu Xuansha to check and balance the system was the best choice.

Then, the two of them started to cultivate in the sun. Waves of golden flames entered the sun. This was the will of the Heaven Realm. They wanted to use the will of the Heaven Realm to suppress the warships and systems of the Prehistoric Civilization. Then, they would devour the will of the Heaven Realm and achieve great achievements. This was the idea of the Crown Prince Gu Xuansha and Gu Tiansha. Gradually, there seemed to be some white light in the blazing sun of the Heaven Realm.

"Stealing the Sky and Changing the Sun is indeed a powerful move." Gu Chensha stood in Sin State City, looking up at the blazing sun of the Celestial Realm.

He felt all sorts of changes in the scorching sun. As the scorching sun shone down, there were many things that he couldn't explain clearly. However, he knew very well just what sort of changes had taken place within.

"It's just as I guessed."

Gu Chensha nodded. "Gu Xuansha and Gu Tiansha are ambitious. They want to refine the sun and moon of the Heaven Realm and replace them. They want all living things in the Heaven Realm to be bathed in their light. If they succeed, the Heaven Realm will naturally be theirs. They can even compete with the Emperor Of Heaven. But the two of them are scheming against each other, so they won't succeed.

Besides, they can't grasp the true meaning of the One God System. After the One God System devours my Dragonless Heart Sutra, it will gradually change in a way that even the Dao of Heaven can't predict. This is my plan. The One God System can also control the Emperor Of Heaven, so I can use my power to reduce the pressure. " Gu Chensha knew everything like the back of his hand.

For now, he couldn't subdue or refine the One God System. As for Gu Chensha, he had reached the Sky Origin Stage and had advanced by leaps and bounds. But in Gu Chensha's opinion, he could still capture him. But right now, Gu Chensha's real body had to suppress the Four Wilds and monitor the movements of the Emperor Of Heaven. Using a clone to deal with Gu Tiansha, who was in the Sky Origin Stage, was beyond his power.

And in Gu Chensha's opinion, Gu Tiansha's power hadn't reached its peak. In other words, he hadn't fattened up yet. Gu Tiansha and Gu Xuansha were in cahoots with each other to devour and interfere with the will of the Heaven Realm, which gave Gu Chensha a lot more time.

The Divine Land was the center of the Heaven Realm, and the Heaven Realm was the source of the Divine Land's power. If the Heaven Realm was gradually eroded, the resistance of the Divine Land would be much weaker. Then it would be easy for Gu Chensha to refine and absorb it completely, and become the Dragonless Gourd.

Gu Chensha's current plan was not to kill Gu Xuansha and Gu Tiansha, but to let them grow stronger and lead them to fight with the Emperor Of Heaven first. The current situation was created single-handedly by Gu Chensha.

Gu Xuansha and Gu Tiansha wanted to devour the sun and moon of the Heaven Realm, which would create an irreconcilable contradiction for the Emperor Of Heaven. The Emperor Of Heaven would definitely prevent this from happening.

However, Gu Chensha believed that the Emperor Of Heaven was hiding in the depths, and there must be some conspiracy beyond his imagination.

The only thing he couldn't calculate right now was the existence of the Emperor Of Heaven. The secrets of others couldn't escape his calculations.

After obtaining 99% of the prehistoric civilization's knowledge and combining it with his own immortal dao civilization, the Dragonless Gourd could almost be destroyed and reborn countless times.

It could be said that Gu Chensha already had the immortal power of the prehistoric civilization. Even if the Heavenly Dao exploded and returned to primal chaos, he could still survive and wait for the next opportunity.

Gradually, he comprehended the principles and essence of immortality, indestructibility, non-existence, non-existence, and non-existence.

"Chensha, is the power in my body the Empress of Heaven's Essence? Recently, I feel the power in my body boiling violently, as if it's going to escape my control. My cultivation has also reached the Celestial Longevity Realm, close to Divine Essence. I believe it won't be long before I reach Divine Essence."

At this time, Lou Baiyue walked over. Her power and aura were simply daunting, but she wasn't happy at all because she couldn't control this power herself.

"If I'm not wrong, this is indeed the Empress of Heaven's Essence."

A Dragonless Gourd Art appeared in Gu Chensha's eyes. The art seeped out, transforming into an eyeball. As the eyeball spun, it was able to see Lou Baiyue clearly. Indeed, in the center of Lou Baiyue's body, in the very center of the dimension and space, there was a clump of soft power stirring, unfathomable and unfathomable.

"Come out!" Gu Chensha made a grabbing motion.

Instantly, a vortex appeared on his palm. His psychic energy and spirit force directly tried to grab the clump of essence. However, just as he was about to touch it, he grabbed nothing but air. This clump of essence seemed to exist in Lou Baiyue's body, but in reality, it didn't exist at all. Such a state of existence and non-existence was something Gu Chensha could achieve as well. It was an extremely mysterious and unparalleled state, with countless transformations.

"Not bad. As expected of the Empress of Heaven's Essence. It actually dares to play tricks in front of me."

Gu Chensha continued, "Baiyue, the Empress of Heaven's Essence is indeed seeping into your body and controlling it. The Emperor Of Heaven is the Empress of the Heavenly Dao. The Emperor Of Heaven is the incarnation of the Heavenly Dao, while the Empress of Heaven is the Empress of the Emperor Of Heaven. The two of their essences are actually very close. I know that the Empress of Heaven's Essence will suddenly take control of your body one day, forcing you to join the camp of the Emperor Of Heaven. You have to use your unparalleled will to control this essence. Only then will you not lose your way." "I know about this."

Lou Baiyue's killing intent seethed. "The Empress of Heaven's Essence is causing mischief in my body. Actually, if it wasn't for the power of the medallion left behind by the Emperor, the Empress of Heaven's Essence would have long since changed my will. What should I do now? I have to think of a way. "

"Meditate on the medallion left behind by the Emperor Father. You can control the Empress of Heaven's Essence, and then merge it into your own body. If the Empress of Heaven's Essence can't change you, it will try to escape, and then transfer it to someone else, making another woman the Empress of Heaven."

Gu Chensha continued, "Then we'll have a powerful enemy. The Empress of Heaven is the assistant of the Emperor Of Heaven. In the future, the Emperor Of Heaven will be in hiding, and the Empress of Heaven will make all the decisions in the Heavenly Court.

Therefore, the Empress of Heaven will be of utmost importance in the future Heavenly Court. After you refine her, not only will you become extremely powerful, but you'll also weaken the Emperor Of Heaven. We'll have a better chance of defeating the Emperor Of Heaven. " "I'm afraid it's not that simple."

Lou Baiyue said, "The Empress of Heaven's Essence is constantly sending me information, which makes me feel the power of the Heavenly Dao. It's impossible to reverse the trend of fate. Right now, our destiny is still relatively strong. If it's weak, I'm afraid we'll suffer a disaster.

Everything we have now is in accordance with the Emperor's legacy. If something happens to the Emperor … " "Yes, there is a problem in this area."

Gu Chensha said, "Heavenly Talisman Year 36 is the moment I became a Celestial Lord. When I ascended, I vaguely guessed some information. This time, the Heavenly Dao completely gave up on its supervision of the world. It's shrinking its power to deal a fatal blow to the Emperor Father. This is extremely dangerous." "Between the Emperor and the Heavenly Dao, who do you think is stronger?

With your current cultivation, you can be said to stand at the peak of both civilizations. You can see many things. My vision is far inferior to yours. "

Lou Baiyue asked the most crucial question, "Moreover, you seem to have a way to interfere in the battle between the Emperor and the Heavenly Dao. Can you communicate with the Emperor?" "Communicate with the Emperor Father?"

Gu Chensha's heart stirred. "I'm still a little bit off, but I'll be able to cultivate to the Heavenly Longevity Realm and even the Heaven Origin Realm soon. The Heavenly Dao gave up on its supervision and dealt a fatal blow to the Emperor Father. This allowed Gu Chensha's cultivation to reach the Heaven Origin Realm. I'll also reach it soon. Once I reach the Heaven Origin Realm, I'll be able to communicate with the Emperor Father."