Chapter 421
===========

This time, Gu Chensha really had to make ample preparations. He didn't want to fight a battle he wasn't confident in. He joined forces with Wen Hong, Chang Weiyang, and even Tai Xuan, the three top experts, to make the three apes suffer. He still didn't feel safe and wanted to release Xing Qiongshi.

Releasing Xing Qiongshi and messing things up would allow him to take advantage of the chaos and gain many benefits.

More importantly, as a "small fry" who had not even mastered magical power, he was able to deal with existences like the Sage Leader, the Divine Ape, the Fiercest of the Divine Land, and the Three Great Celestial Masters. Not only was he able to deal with them with ease, but he was also able to gain a lot of benefits. To him, this was a kind of wisdom cultivation path. Moreover, it was more effective than cultivating. This was good for him to raise his cultivation level and comprehend all sorts of mysteries.

"Sect Leaders, how about it?

Is there a way for me to come into contact with Xing Qiongshi again without alerting Dou Nineteen? "Gu Chensha was about to act.

"That's easy."

Tai Xuan said, "That Dou Nineteen is just a spoiled brat. He has done many bad things in the Celestial Path Xuan Sect just because he is the son of Celestial Lord Victorious. He is really despicable. I have a Heaven Stealing Talisman that can confuse this kid. "

As he spoke, he took out a talisman. "This is a talisman that I obtained during one of my travels through the chaotic flows of space-time. Once this talisman is used, it can create confusion. Not only can it completely destroy Dou Nineteen's arrangements, but it can also avoid his detection." "Thank you very much." Gu Chensha took the talisman, discussed with the two sect leaders for a while, and then left. Chang Weiyang waved her sleeves and sent Gu Chensha out of the Space Lightning Pool.

Seeing Gu Chensha leave, Tai Xuan frowned. "Sect Leader Chang Weiyang, what do you think of this kid? How far can he go? "

"This kid isn't simple. His foundations are unprecedentedly strong. Not only did he deduce his own Dao, but he also obtained many amazing skills. Now, with his Dao as a foundation, he can use his heart to attack the quality of Heaven Path Techniques. Maybe he really can succeed. In the future, this kid's achievements won't be below ours." Chang Weiyang had a very high opinion of Gu Chensha. This was a matter of course.

If the person who merged the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, and North Star bloodlines and then shattered them, turning them into his own Common Life True Blood still could not be evaluated highly, then no one in the world could be evaluated highly.

Moreover, Gu Chensha's courage was extraordinary, and he was very useful to these old and cunning headmasters.

"This child is too daring. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, but if he goes too far, he will inevitably fall. I also want to see exactly how he will stir up such a storm. Those people from the Celestial Calmness Department already possess the ability to control the entire world." Tai Xuan said, "Maybe we can invest in them and our future gains will exceed our imagination." "I think so too."

Chang Weiyang said, "However, the strength of the three Heavenly Lords is far beyond our imagination. Your Taiyi Fantasy Sect's founder, Heavenly Lord Taiyi, has already surpassed the 36 Transformations and jumped out of the three realms. He is no longer within the five elements, but he was also plotted against by the three Heavenly Lords, resulting in his death." "If we don't take revenge, then how can we face our ancestors?"

Tai Xuan's expression was really ugly, "Actually, your father Chang Yuzhou was nearly killed by the three Heavenly Lords."

"This is why our Cosmos Sect and your Taiyi Fantasy Sect are like horns to one another. When necessary, we can work together."

Chang Weiyang also knew that they had to work together, "Also, the three Heavenly Lords have cultivated many chess pieces. We can develop them too. The Celestial Calmness Department is a good choice." "But this chess piece might not be controlled by us." Tai Xuan said.

"It is okay, we are just using it to deal with the three Heavenly Lords."

Chang Weiyang knew what Tai Xuan was thinking, "Let me take a look first. If this kid really has the guts to kill Dou Nineteen, then I will consider supporting him more." "Dou Nineteen isn't so easy to kill, right?"

Tai Xuan knew how strong he was, "Not to mention his other abilities, just the fact that he has cultivated the 25 Transformations of Dao Realm Undying Body, along with many secret techniques and even the Heavenly Lord Talisman, he can avoid any danger. How can he be killed? " "That will depend on Celestial Calmness Department's ability."

Chang Weiyang wasn't anxious, "If Celestial Calmness Department can kill Dou Nineteen, then it is worth our investment. If not, then we will just support you a little.

But I have gained many benefits from this kid. If I comprehend it, I will be able to gain many things.

Tai Xuan, I think you will gain more. I don't believe that you won't pass on what your son learned to you. "

"Calm Immortal Sector has tremendous karmic luck. This is something that Ancient Immortal Treading suppressed the Heavenly Dao, obtaining from the unseen."

Tai Xuan gave a cunning smile, "I will hand the Taiyi Pearl to you and there is a 90% chance that we can obtain the legacy left by Heavenly Lord Taiyi."

"Congratulations, congratulations. In the future, the top spot of Celestial Path Sect will probably fall to your Taiyi Sect." Who knew what Chang Weiyang was thinking about?

"That is just an empty title. I am not willing to take it. If your Cosmos Sect is willing, then I can help you."

Tai Xuan was cunning and knew that it wasn't so easy to get first. Why not just keep quiet and get rich, "If we wipe out Profound Heaven and Earth Sect, I just want that Saint-level Green Dragon. How about that?" "Saint-level Green Dragon, you really know how to think."

Chang Weiyang smiled, "If this Green Dragon lives in the grotto-heaven, it can nourish all the essence energy in the grotto-heaven. Not only will it raise the quality of the herbs by 1,000 times, but it can also raise the lifeforce of the grotto-heaven. The benefits are immeasurable. If not for this Green Dragon, Profound Heaven and Earth Sect wouldn't have been able to take first place. Unfortunately, Father wasn't able to take it away." "When Chang Yuzhou rebelled, what did that old Green Dragon say?" Tai Xuan asked.

"That old Green Dragon is very stubborn. It seems like it has some sort of agreement with the three Sky Sovereigns."

Chang Weiyang didn't tell them all the secrets, "But recently, that old Green Dragon has also fallen into a deep sleep. After so many years, it has existed since the Primordial Era and its lifespan should be coming to an end. If we can seize the chance and capture it before it fuses with the Dao and fuses it into our grotto-heaven, that would be a wonderful thing."

"It can't be that easy. But after this old Green Dragon dies, Profound Heaven and Earth Sect won't have a new Green Dragon. If that's the case, the herbs they produce won't be able to continue. Their strength will gradually weaken. "Tai Xuan was thinking about something.

"That's right."

Chang Weiyang said, "But the old Azure Dragon gave birth to a few Azure Dragon eggs, but they haven't hatched yet. In fact, the Black Heaven and Earth Sect is also very worried. If there are no new Azure Dragons, they won't have an overwhelming advantage over the other sects in the future.

"Hatching Green Dragon eggs?" A smile appeared on Tai Xuan's face, "I heard that Celestial Tranquility Department hatched the Vermillion Bird eggs and the Black Tortoise eggs. There are many secrets behind this. "

"You should already know these secrets, right?" Chang Weiyang said, "Actually, all the signs show that the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman has appeared."

"This is no longer a secret. The talisman should be in the hands of that Wu family junior, Wu Dangkong."

Tai Xuan frowned and said, "Before this, it seems that Celestial Tranquility Department had it for a while. I don't understand it. It's not just me. I think even the three Celestial Venerables don't understand it. "

"I don't understand it either. It goes against the principles of the Immemorial Era's Emperor's Inheritance. But I believe that they will tell Tai Mang Di all of this," Chang Weiyang said.

"Let's put these things aside. Now, that kid is going to find the Xing Qiong Clan's sealed place. Once it comes out, our days will be much better."

Tai Xuan smiled and said, "However, rumor has it that only by cultivating the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art can one release the Xing Qiong Clan. The key to this is worth pondering. "

"The Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art …" Chang Weiyang also looked out. In their eyes, they could see every single movement of Gu Chensha.

The gaze of a Saint could pierce through layers of space. Moreover, Gu Chensha had their talismans on him. This was no less than a point of contact. At that moment, Gu Chensha had already reached the ocean.

He had flown for three days and three nights before reaching the Eastern Wilderness Universe's Profound Gate. When he left, he did not want to waste any more time, so he had Chang Weiyang move him to the ocean.

Chang Weiyang's divine abilities were thousands of times more profound than his. She could easily tear through space and do this.

Gu Chensha reached the ocean. After flying for a while, he arrived at the region of the ocean where the Xing Qiong Clan's head was sealed.

He used a spell to hide his body and hide. As expected, he could see the restriction spell that Dou Nineteen had set up at the bottom of the ocean. Gu Chensha took out the talisman that Tai Xuan had given him and shook it slightly. Whoosh! Whoosh! The light was all absorbed by the talisman and did not cause any ripples at all.

Following this, Gu Chensha saw the light move within the talisman, creating a scene that was exactly the same as the bottom of the ocean.

This was a peerless illusion. At this time, Dou Nineteen still thought that his restriction spell was operating safely and had not been touched.

Even though Dou Nineteen was powerful, compared to a crafty Profound Gate Sect Leader like Tai Xuan, he was still far behind. The distance between them could not be calculated.

"This Tai Xuan is very calculative. It looks like I'm benefiting from working with him, but in reality, he's benefiting more. But it doesn't matter. What we lack the most is time. As long as we win enough time, the world will belong to us in the end."

Gu Chensha thought of the agreement with Chang Weiyang and Tai Xuan. It was not safe, and there could be variables when dealing with the three divine apes.