Chapter 469
===========

The Dragon Making Heart Sutra was extremely mysterious, the cultivator would cultivate the Dragon Making Qi in his body and slowly turn himself into an unparalleled genius. Unparalleled geniuses could cultivate until they were close to the gods.

In fact, even those naturally born geniuses would need the Dragon Creation Mantra to strengthen their foundations, so that their talent as a peerless genius would be even more stable. It was the same for geniuses.

Be it geniuses or unparalleled geniuses, they were divided into different levels, just like natural saints. For example, Fa Wuxian's talent was far from Zhuge Ya's.

Natural geniuses and unparalleled geniuses were like those with divine powers, they were powerful, but if they cultivated martial arts, it would just be the icing on the cake.

Actually, geniuses and unparalleled geniuses needed the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and Dragon Making Heart Sutra more. They cultivated these two techniques to strengthen their foundations and gain more benefits than ordinary people.

Even natural saints needed to cultivate these two techniques to gather the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and Dragon Making Heart Sutra in their bodies, circulating and transforming them to understand where their talent came from. It was just like how the high and mighty immortals also needed to cultivate their hearts in the mortal world.

Moreover, the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and Dragon Making Heart Sutra did not just increase talent, they also had extremely strong defense and killing power.

Back then, Gu Chensha used a small part of the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra to activate the Dragon Gate that he cultivated, which could absorb all Innate Earth Qi attacks and convert the energy of the attacks into Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra, making him invincible in battle. Just this alone made the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra one of the best techniques in the world.

At the same time, the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra could convert all types of Innate Earth Qi, simulating changes and becoming the source of all internal cultivation techniques.

The offensive power of the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra was also very shocking. After cultivating, the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra would spread throughout the body, giving one immense strength.

After cultivating the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra, all martial arts would be at their fingertips, and their body would be almost indestructible, immune to all poisons and could neutralize all poisons.

If it was a martial artist, even if they only received a few sentences of the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra, they could immediately become a top expert, establish their own sect and become an ancestor. The disciples of the Profound Immortal Dao Sect were even more impressive.

Gu Chensha had given the Dragon-raising Sutra to the Profound Cosmos Sect and the Taiyi Fantasy Sect in order to increase his own strength. These two sects had already formed an alliance with him. Perhaps they would have to fight against the three Heavenly Masters in the future. As for Wen Hong, Gu Chensha had also passed on the Dragon Creation Mantra to him. After all, Wen Hong was her mother's relative, so she could trust him.

"Brat, this time, we've gained a huge benefit." Chang Weiyang said, "Just what kind of plan do you have against the Dharma Saint? Just tell me."

Ever since the transaction with Gu Chensha, even Chang Weiyang, this anomaly, had obtained quite a few benefits. She already knew that Gu Chensha and the people of Calming Immortal Department all possessed extremely great luck.

"We can't force our way through the legalists. We need to outsmart them."

Gu Chensha said, "Now that I'm proficient in the art of transformation, I've decided to transform into Dou Nineteen and try to enter the legalists. However, the legalists are heavily restricted. If I enter, I'll be taking a huge risk.

I also need the three of you to work together to refine a talisman for me. This talisman is an ancient shaman talisman recorded in the Xing Qiong Clan's secret technique. "

With Chang Weiyang, Taixuan Du, and Wen Hong working together to refine a talisman, its power was unimaginable. Gu Chensha needed this talisman to protect himself at crucial times.

"My current art of transformation is very exquisite, but it has a flaw. That is, I can only transform into existences with a higher realm than myself."

Gu Chensha said, "So I need the three of you to refine this talisman and use ancient shaman techniques to help me. This way, when I transform, I can perfectly imitate the cultivation of Dou Nineteen's Undying Body." "So you have such a series of plans."

Wen Hong was the first to agree. "With your current transformation, with your cultivation of 22 Transformations of Heaven and Earth, it is indeed difficult for even a Saint to notice if you transform into an existence of the same realm as you. However, if you transform into an existence of a higher realm than you, then there will be a huge flaw. With a talisman made from ancient shaman techniques, this flaw can be made up for. However, you also have to be careful. While the talisman we refine can make up for this flaw, if you meet someone with a cultivation higher than ours, they might also be able to see through it. What they see through is our talisman, not your Heavenly Dao technique. The Dharma Saint might very well be among the legalists. Then, you will be in extreme danger. "

"Nothing ventured, nothing gained." At the same time, Gu Chensha said to Chang Weiyang, "I still need to borrow this Pool of Universe Thunder to cultivate my own supernatural power."

"That's fine. I want to see what level your cultivation has reached, and what mysteries a Heavenly Dao technique has." Chang Weiyang also wanted to use this opportunity to observe Gu Chensha.

"In that case, we have an agreement. If I obtain the secret of resisting the Heavenly Dao from the Dharma Saint and the legalists, I will definitely share it with you all." Gu Chensha had already completed his plan of alliance.

"Pool of Universe Thunder!"

Chang Weiyang pointed, and instantly, the space of the Pool of Universe Thunder opened up. Endless Connate Lightning Water, and the miraculous effects of transforming all things, appeared before his eyes.

Gu Chensha's body transformed, and instantly, he transformed into the River of Myriad Things, which directly entered the space of the Pool of Universe Thunder.

He wanted to borrow the power of the Pool of Universe Thunder to further his transformation, and predict a transformation even more powerful than the River of Myriad Things.

Once the True Dragon Dharma reached the fifth tier, which was also known as the nine-five number, it could evolve the River of Myriad Things, which was the pinnacle of the Transformations of Heaven and Earth in the ancient records.

But now that Gu Chensha had cultivated the Heavenly Dao technique, the transformation of his magic power would definitely not be as powerful as that of the River of Myriad Things.

"This kid is really strong. In a battle of magical powers at the same level, he's probably invincible."

Tai Xuandu was also carefully observing Gu Chensha's cultivation in the Pool of Universe Thunder. The operation of the Heavenly Dao technique was something he had never seen or heard of before. Even though Gu Chensha's power was so weak compared to his, he was much stronger.

"The transformation of the Heavenly Dao technique is something we have never seen before. This time, we can gain a lot of experience." Chang Weiyang was also watching intently.

Gu Chensha transformed into the River of Myriad Things, and entered the Pool of Universe Thunder. He began to borrow the power of the Pool of Universe Thunder to propel his transformation.

"Heavenly Demon Tree!" RUMBLE!

The River of Myriad Things changed again. Gu Chensha transformed into a Heavenly Demon Tree. However, the Heavenly Demon Tree was extremely unstable and could collapse at any moment. It was also far from the original Heavenly Demon Tree.

"The Heavenly Demon Tree was born as a god, and it has many characteristics that gods cannot understand. It will be difficult for him to transform." Wen Hong shook his head.

"Look, he is actually transforming into the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd." Tai Xuandu pointed.

The Heavenly Demon Tree that Gu Chensha had transformed into crumbled, but his spiritual power condensed again, turning into a gourd. A flying dagger flew out of the gourd. This flying dagger had wings and eyes. As long as it locked onto someone, even if they fled to the ends of the world, they would not be able to escape.

"I was killed by the real Immortal Slaying God Punishing Flying Dagger, but Father's bloodline wrapped around the dagger energy and revived me. Now I am using the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth to transform into this gourd.

This might be my strongest attack. "Gu Chensha continued to transform. With a slash, the Universe Lightning Pool gave out a loud rumbling sound.

"Such strength … He can even kill a Dao Realm 26 Transformations All Back to One cultivator in one strike." Tai Xuandu was shocked by such strength.

"Those who have cultivated the True Dragon Technique might not die immediately, but those who have not cultivated the True Dragon Technique will completely dissipate in a single strike. All the essence in their bodies will be snatched away by this saber." Chang Weiyang understood. At that moment, Gu Chensha transformed once more. He actually transformed into the Universe Lightning Pool.

Right, when he cultivated in the Universe Lightning Pool, his Heaven Dao Technique seeped into it and he comprehended many secrets. He started to form a small Universe Lightning Pool. Honglong!

His body turned into a small Universe Lightning Pool. At that moment, he resonated with the real Universe Lightning Pool. Numerous explosions spread out from within the Universe Lightning Pool. The Universe Lightning Pool actually started to shake like never before.

"Eh?" Chang Weiyang stood up. It seemed like she didn't expect such a change.

Gu Chensha was using his Heaven Dao Technique to push the Universe Lightning Pool. Instead, he was tempering the Universe Lightning Pool and not the other way around. Weng …

The Universe Lightning Pool seemed to be activated by the Heaven Dao Technique and started to change. It wasn't a cube anymore and it slowly turned into a person.

This person was blurry and his aura was like that of the strongest Saint. Although his face was blurry, Chang Weiyang recognized him right away. This was her father, Chang Yuzhou. He had already merged with the Dao but now, it seemed like he was going to revive once more.

"Father?" Chang Weiyang's tone was a little emotional.

For Saints who merged with the Dao, due to the changes in heaven and earth, or because the family had worshipped them for a long time, their Wish Power would reach a certain level. However, it was impossible for them to revive completely.

The Wu Family had a secret technique where the family worshipped the Martial Saint for thousands of years. If it was used up, the Martial Saint could gather once more and use his full strength for a few hours. This was the Wu Family's trump card.

All Sage Clans placed great importance on worshipping. This was because if they worshipped enough and accumulated enough power, they could exchange for the Sage from the Heavenly Dao to show himself.

The Universe Mysterious Gate had also worshipped and accumulated a lot of power. However, Chang Weiyang didn't use this power this time. Yet, Chang Yuzhou was about to show himself. What was going on?

"Weiyang, I didn't expect you to be able to make friends with someone who has cultivated the Heaven Dao Technique. If you can use the Heaven Dao Technique to its peak, you can strip me from the Heaven Dao Law and let me reappear in the world!

It's a pity … it's a pity that this person's cultivation level is too low … Since that's the case, I'll impart all my experiences to this person … " A powerful memory was directly injected into Gu Chensha's magic power.