Chapter 840
===========

The Martial Song Star and the Civil Song Star occupied an extremely important position among the reincarnations of the many stars. It could even be said that the Heavenly Court would control many worlds in the future.

In the future, the Heavenly Court would often send down the Civil Song Star and the Civil Song Star to assist the Heavenly Court in judging the world.

The Civil Song Star had already been taken in by the Calming Immortal Department. He was the Eternal Song Star and worked for the Imperial Court wholeheartedly. However, the reincarnation of the Civil Song Star had yet to appear.

The Civil Song Star was a rare talent. If he was taken in by the Emperor, he could improve the country's martial spirit and prolong the country's martial fortune.

The Civil Song Star, on the other hand, improved the country's literary fortune, enriched its foundation, deepened its culture, and strengthened its cohesiveness. Not only would the people feel proud, but it would also have the fortune of a great country.

If the Civil Song Star and the Civil Song Star worked together, the country's fortune would increase by at least thirty percent.

Take the Central Plains for example. Actually, there had been the reincarnations of the Civil Song Star and the Civil Song Star in every dynasty. This was especially true during the era of the ancient Emperor of Heaven. After the Civil Song Star and the Civil Song Star were reincarnated, whichever Imperial Court they joined would basically be recognized as the orthodox Imperial Court. Their legitimacy was second only to the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree.

Chu Feng, who was the Heavenly King of Jin, had come into contact with the Civil Song Star. Gu Chensha was secretly observing. If he could get the Civil Song Star to join the Calming Immortal Department and publish some news with the Martial Song Star and Eternal Song Star, he could make the people believe that the Calming Immortal Department was the orthodox Imperial Court. This way, the people would feel more at ease.

Gu Chensha could even make a series of moves to make the people believe that he was the Emperor Of Heaven and that the Calming Immortal Department was the future Heavenly Court.

Of course, this was not to confuse the people. After all, the winner was king and the loser was in the wrong. No one could tell what the future would bring. If Gu Chensha defeated the Emperor Of Heaven and subdued the Nine Heavenly Kings, he would become the true Emperor Of Heaven. Meanwhile, the Emperor Of Heaven who had yet to appear among the people would instead become a calamity, the greatest tumor.

Thus, Gu Chensha wanted to do everything possible to weaken the Emperor Of Heaven and the future Heavenly Court from the people's hearts.

"This Chu Feng also knows how dangerous it is."

Gu Chensha observed carefully. 'He definitely won't let this reincarnated Literati Star join the Calming Immortal Department. Let's see what tricks he has up his sleeves.

He even wanted to take Chang Wuqu as his subordinate and worship the Primitive Dragon Gate and the Heavenly King of Jin himself. Originally, in the future Heaven Court, it was not his authority to manage the stars, but the authority of the Master of the Sun and Moon. Now that he has taken Chang Wuqu as his subordinate, he can take over the authority of the Master of the Sun and Moon to improve his own strength. In this chaotic world, it is the best time to take advantage of this opportunity. " In the Infernal domain.

Chu Feng, who was the Heavenly King of Jin, looked at the reincarnated Literati Star and waited for his reply.

"You must be Chu Feng, the reincarnated Yuandou Star."

The reincarnated youth of Literati Star said, "I heard that the Tranquil Immortal Department has recently established a constellation department, wanting to rope in all the reincarnated people of Xing Chen? Then worship the Tranquil Immortal Department and Gu Chensha?

I have a question, and that is, in the past, the Tranquil Immortal Department has always been secretly monitoring the movements of these reincarnated stars, and has never interfered with their freedom. Why did they suddenly establish the Constellation Department, and want to draw everyone into it? " "Good question."

An unfathomable smile appeared on the face of Chu Feng, who was the Heavenly King of Jin. "Perhaps the world is about to undergo a great change, the true Emperor Of Heaven is about to be born, and the world is going to be turned upside down. They are afraid that the reincarnated people of Xing Chen will bring chaos to the world, so the Tranquil Immortal Department wants to eliminate the source of the chaos."

"In that case, the Tranquil Immortal Department wants to eliminate us?" The reincarnated youth of Literati Star was puzzled. He felt that something was wrong with Chu Feng's tone.

From Chu Feng's tone, the reincarnated youth of Literati Star felt that this person was not loyal to the Tranquil Immortal Department.

"Let me ask you now, will you join the Tranquil Immortal Department?" Chu Feng did not answer and asked directly.

"Of course not. I'll stay out of it and observe the situation."

The reincarnated youth of Literati Star looked at Chu Feng and said, "Right now, there is indeed a huge rumor among the people that the Tranquil Immortal Department is going against the heavens. In the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman, the Emperor Of Heaven will be born and eliminate the calamity. The divine continent will rise to become the Celestial Court. As long as one can eliminate the Tranquil Immortal Department or rebel against it, they will obtain great merit. Those who are in cahoots with the Tranquil Immortal Department will fall into an endless hell and suffer for eternity.

They will never be able to get out of this predicament, and they can neither live nor die. Admittedly, this is just a rumor, but we are all reincarnated people of Xing Chen. During our cultivation, we can faintly sense many things that will happen in the future. Since you are the reincarnated Origin Dou Star, you should feel the same as me. " "If you don't join the Tranquil Immortal Department, you will die!"

A cruel smile appeared on Chu Feng's face. "This is an order from Gu Chensha. He will not allow anyone with ill intentions or those who do not agree with him to stay in this world. The thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman is about to arrive, and the great purge of the imperial court has begun." "Is this really the intention of the Tranquil Immortal Department?"

The reincarnated youth of the Literati Star frowned. "From what I know, the Tranquil Immortal Department's ideology is not like this. However, since you have grievances in your heart, it is obvious that you were forced to join the Tranquil Immortal Department. If this is true, then I can say that the Tranquil Immortal Department is about to be destroyed, and they have begun to go crazy." "Then what will you choose?" Chu Feng asked mysteriously.

"I will not submit even if I die. I will hide far away and leave the Divine Prefecture," the reincarnated youth of the Literati Star said resolutely.

"You think you can run away?"

Chu Feng laughed loudly. "That Gu Chensha's strength is enough to allow him to travel through the myriad realms. There is no place in this world that he cannot go. Moreover, he has almost gathered all of the Endless Treasures. He can do as he pleases in the Heaven Realm. There is nowhere for you to run, and nowhere for you to hide. " "Since you are so calm, it seems like you definitely have a plan."

The reincarnated youth of the Literati Star seemed to have understood something. "Moreover, your every move is under the supervision of the Tranquil Immortal Department. However, you still dare to speak ill of the Tranquil Immortal Department without the slightest scruple. It seems like you have the ability to avoid the supervision of the Tranquil Immortal Department.

Under the supervision of the Tranquil Immortal Department, the Heavenly Net is practically everywhere.

You actually have this kind of ability. It seems like you are not as simple as the reincarnated Yuan Dou Star. If my guess is correct, you came to find me today to rope me in and fight against the Tranquil Immortal Department's rule together, am I right? " Clap clap!

Chu Feng applauded. "Not bad, not bad. As expected of the reincarnated Literati Star. You are much more intelligent than the Martial Star. It seems like I made a good choice to find you first. Next, I will look for the Celestial Secret Star, Celestial Intelligence Star, Celestial Intelligence Star, Celestial Divination Star, Celestial Yi Star, and other stars that possess intelligence and wisdom. If I gather them together, they will be able to provide me with many suggestions." "Who are you?" the reincarnated youth of the Literati Star asked.

"Me?"

Chu Feng transmitted a will into his sea of consciousness. "Follow me. We will build the future Heavenly Court together. You will definitely be able to obtain more."

"Ah!" The reincarnated youth of the Literati Star gasped in surprise. "So Milord is actually the Heavenly King of Jin!

Your subordinate pays his respects to you, but you'd better collect the person who reincarnated from the Martial Song Star as well. The combined power of the Civil Song Star and the Martial Song Star will be ten times greater than what I can exert alone. It will also be of great use in managing the world and governing the Divine Land. "

"There is no need for you to tell me this. I will naturally make contact with Chang Wuqu. I must subdue this person. Listen to my orders now. Disguise yourself and join the Tranquil Immortal Department. Assist me in controlling the entire Constellation Department. When the time comes, we will wipe out the entire Tranquil Immortal Department in one fell swoop. This merit will be rewarded according to merit in the future. When the Heavenly Dao descends, your position will most likely be unfettered."

Chu Feng tried his best to bewitch him. "However, if I join the Tranquil Immortal Department, I will have to carry out a sacrifice. Once I carry out the sacrifice, it will be equivalent to acknowledging the ideals of the Tranquil Immortal Department. In this way, I will not be able to escape the karmic entanglement between me and the Tranquil Immortal Department." "There is no harm in doing so. First, carry out the sacrifice to me and the Primordial Dragon Sect."

Chu Feng had already thought it through. "I will use a secret technique to condense the power of the sacrifice and inject it into the Tranquil Immortal Department's Primordial Tree. This way, I can steal the sky and change the sun without being discovered. This is the highest realm of mind deceiving."

"This way, it will be flawless!" The reincarnated youth of the Literati Star revealed a joyful expression.

Gu Chensha withdrew his gaze. Chu Feng's trick was completely within his grasp. However, he now had an even deeper layer of worry.

Countless reincarnated stars received guidance from the unseen world. They distanced themselves from the Tranquil Immortal Department and waited for the Emperor Of Heaven to descend.

This kind of thinking was deeply rooted in the depths of their minds. It was very difficult to clear it. It could be said to be their fate and mission. While Gu Chensha could indeed allow them to sever the threads of fate, a large portion of them would not be willing. This kind of situation was really problematic.

Gu Chensha temporarily didn't touch Chu Feng and told him to continue to recruit these people. This was because he had recruited the reincarnated stars and obtained the sacrifices. But in the end, it was all for Gu Chensha. He definitely didn't know that Gu Chensha could use the sacrifices of the Primordial Dragon Sect. The 3,000 True God sacrifices allowed Gu Chensha to directly break through to the Dao Realm 35 Transformation.

In the future, with the worship of the 3,000 True Gods, Gu Chensha would be able to reach the Dao Realm 36 Transformations.

"Looks like I have to ask Zhuge Ya to promote Chu Feng again, give him more power, and let him collect more people who have reincarnated from the stars. This way, the other Heavenly Kings will appear. Apart from that, what about Dou Yiyu … "Gu Chensha placed his thoughts on the other side. That was news about Dou Yiyu and the three Sky Venerables. In Black Heaven and Earth Sect, within an ancient hall was where the three Sky Venerables lived. At this moment, the three Sky Venerables and Dou Yiyu were talking.

"Father, and the two uncles."

Dou Yiyu spoke with fervor and assurance, "When I escaped from the Celestial Tranquility Department, I received news that Heavenly King Dong Hua, the future third in the celestial heavens, has been born. Heavenly King Dong Hua is the being who controls the Hong Meng Tree. After he is born, the first thing he will do is take back the Hong Meng Tree.