Chapter 902
===========

Translator: Lordbluefire Editor: Lordbluefire In the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds, a blazing sun rose, illuminating the surroundings. The Yongchō, which had lost its light, regained its peace.

In an instant, Gu Chensha and the rest of the Dragonless Cabinet could feel the nation's fate growing rapidly. In the blink of an eye, not only did it return to its previous state, it was also surging upwards. On the Great Wall, many people were still comprehending the Dao and cultivating.

A group of people looked up at the sky. One of them, a young man, frowned and said, "I didn't think that Gu Chensha would be able to use his will to replace the blazing sun of the Heavenly Realm so quickly. But this way, his will is always hanging in the sky, and it's very exposed. His every move will be noticed by us.

We can observe the blazing sun, and grasp Gu Chensha's changes and cultivation at any time and place. "

"Daluo, what you said is a drawback. There are benefits to this person as well. By letting the people of the world bask in his light at all times, they will become united as time goes by."

Another young woman said. This young woman was wearing a green dress. Her figure was light and graceful, and she looked very graceful.

"Don't think of it so simply. When the people of the world cultivate, they will absorb the power of the blazing sun and fuse it into their bodies. This is an endless demand. Gu Chensha's current actions are delusional, trying to replace the Heavens with himself, treating himself as the Heavens to nurture the people. Unfortunately, he is not the Heavens, and there are many things in the world to nurture people, but people have nothing to repay the Heavens. Gu Chensha will be sucked dry sooner or later if he lets the people take what they want.

The hearts of the people will never be satisfied. Because of this, in the future, our Heavenly Court will definitely not allow the people, especially the people, to become arrogant. We must suppress their desires. "

The leader was a middle-aged man, and he had a faint smile on his face, as if everything was under control.

"What should we do now? The Earthly Sovereign has come out, and even the Ten Great Yama Kings, Judges, Anicca, and other experts of the Underworld have gathered around him. But the Earthly Sovereign hasn't contacted us. Could it be that he has ulterior motives? You also want to betray the Heavenly Court? "The woman said.

"Wisdom, it is impossible for the Emperor of Earth to betray the Heavenly Court. Moreover, even if he is disloyal, once the Emperor Of Heaven appears, he can completely suppress him." The middle-aged man in the lead said. This person was actually the number one among the Heavenly Kings, the Chaotic Heavenly King.

The green-clothed woman was the Heavenly King of Wisdom, and the young man was the Heavenly King of Absolute Heaven.

Among the Nine Heavenly Kings, they were ranked as the Chaotic Heavenly King, the Grand Overarching Heavenly King, the East Flower Heavenly King, the Wisdom Heavenly King, the Jinmen Heavenly King, the Punisher Heavenly King, the Calamity Heavenly King, the Innocuous Heavenly King, and the Grand Inferno Heavenly King.

Currently, the Heavenly King of Jin, Chu Feng, had been stripped of his origin by Gu Chensha and was demoted to a commoner. The Heavenly King of Punishment had completely submitted to the Celestial Tranquility Department. The Heavenly King of Calamity, Gu Huo, the Heavenly King of Innocuous Calamity, Jing Qiu, and the Great Blazing Heavenly King, Xiao Yan, were now working together with Gu Xuansha and Gu Tiansha.

"East Flower is still refining the Primordial Meng Tree?" Heavenly King of Wisdom asked.

"I'm here!"

As soon as the voice fell, a person who looked like a Confucian scholar appeared. In between his brows, there was a faint green tree flickering. That was the Hong Meng Tree. This Confucian scholar was Heavenly King Dong Hua.

A few people appeared behind Heavenly King Dong Hua. They were actually the three Heavenly Kings, the Heavenly Kings of Calamity, Innocuous Calamity, and Great Blazing Heavenly King. In other words, they were Gu Huo, Jing Qiu, and Xiao Yan.

"Things have gotten serious."

Jing Qiu first greeted the Chaotic Heavenly King. "Long Xiangtian came out of nowhere and fought with Gu Chensha and Gu Xuansha. Gu Chensha took advantage of him, and the Great Sun of the Heavenly Realm automatically shrank and entered Long Xiangtian's body. In this way, I'm afraid there will be a huge change in the situation. What should we do now?"

Originally, Jing Qiu and the others were subdued by Crown Prince Gu Xuansha. But how could these people sincerely get involved with Crown Prince Gu Xuansha?

In addition, a few more people appeared next to Jing Qiu. They were The Great Spirit God, Chaotic Demonic Ape God, God Maha, Wan Senshi, and Dharma Saint. These five people were like sticky candy.

Wan Senshi and Dharma Saint had once joined the alliance of the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth to refine the Inexhaustible Heart together. Unfortunately, the alliance of the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth was easily disintegrated by Gu Chensha. Even the Ancestor of Heaven and Earth was subdued and suppressed, and the Heart of Xuanxin was taken away.

Therefore, these two people fled everywhere like stray dogs. In the end, they were recruited by the Chaotic Heavenly King and became part of the future Heavenly Court.

These people thought for a long time and felt that joining the future Heavenly Court was the right choice.

However, these people were still alive, which meant that they still had fate. For example, The Great Spirit God was even an expert in the Tianyuan State. Although he was not as strong as the Heavenly King, he could still be independent and dominate many spacetimes and planes of existence.

As for God Maha and Chaotic Demonic Ape God, they were all rich in fate and would be of great use in the future.

Especially Chaotic Demonic Ape God, he would be the Lord of the Demon Realm in the future. In the distant future, Chaotic Demonic Ape God even launched an attack on the Heavenly Court and was suppressed in the end. This also showed that he was a weirdo and would have great adventures in the future.

The Chaotic Heavenly King knew all this, so he still recruited Chaotic Demonic Ape God because the situation would definitely change in the future. In fact, he was not sure who would win the battle between the Emperor Heaven and Gu Chensha in the future. The Chaotic Heavenly King could not see the situation clearly.

"Long Xiangtian, this man appeared out of nowhere. Even the Earthly Sovereign couldn't catch him. His appearance is another huge variable. "

After hearing Jing Qiu's information, the Chaotic Heavenly King was silent for a while. "In the future, there will be more and more people like Gu Chensha and Long Xiangtian. These people are all variables produced by the battle between the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian. Each of them will cause countless changes. Their fate will be monstrous, their cultivation will become more and more powerful, and they will cause more and more trouble for us. However, these people will also cause trouble for Gu Chensha. "

"Chaotic Heavenly King, if we fight with that Gu Chensha and both sides are injured, will we be taken advantage of by this kind of person? From then on, the Heavenly Court will become a small figure." The Daluo Heavenly King frowned. "I have a vague feeling that something bad is going to happen."

"We have to be careful of such a situation, because now, whether it is the Heavenly Dao or Gu Taxian, they have lost control of the whole situation. They are entangled and fighting with each other. Now, only a few scattered Origins have fallen down, and they have given birth to people like Gu Chensha and Long Xiangtian. If their Core Origins are really out of control and fuse with each other, they will produce a terrifying existence that is a hundred times or even a thousand times stronger than Long Xiangtian and Gu Chensha. At that time, even the Emperor Heaven will not be a match for them."

The Chaotic Heavenly King's eyes looked into the void, as if he had already felt that in some mysterious, inconceivable, inconceivable node, the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian were fighting non-stop.

If both the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian were to collapse, the power of the two great existences would fuse together and give birth to an immeasurable existence. That would probably be the end of the world.

"If that is the case, then we should also prepare in advance, in case something unexpected happens." Heavenly King Donghua was also helpless.

"We still have to wait for the Emperor Heaven's instructions on this matter. The Emperor Heaven is planning to devour Long Xiangtian and Gu Chensha in the future. After devouring these two existences, the Emperor Heaven's Origin will be even more vigorous, and the power of the Heavenly Dao will be even more powerful."

The Chaotic Heavenly King said, "What we are doing now is actually very simple. We are just following the Emperor Heaven's instructions and throwing the world into chaos, so that Gu Chensha will lose the will of the people, and he will no longer be able to receive sacrifices. That way, he will not be able to extract power and substance that surpasses the Heavenly Dao from the sacrifices of the people."

"The sacrifices of the people have been completely mastered by Gu Chensha. His Dragonless Cultivation Method has also reached the advanced level. I can feel that even the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wildernesses have been completely suppressed by him.

It won't be long before he completely refines the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wildernesses, and they will become part of his Dragonless Gourd, "the Heavenly King of Wisdom said.

"That's right. However, the Emperor Heaven has also infiltrated the imperial court and will carry out all kinds of plans. Gu Chensha's power is restrained by the Four Wildernesses and the Divine Prefecture. Now that he has to use half of his power to illuminate the world, he can only use thirty percent of his power. When he is at the most critical moment, the Emperor Heaven will act and completely devour and refine him. As long as we refine Gu Chensha, we will be able to handle any changes in the future calmly. "

The Heavenly King of Chaos touched the Great Wall and saw countless people cultivating on the Great Wall. They were still making breakthroughs. Ever since the blazing sun in the Heaven Realm disappeared, people's cultivation speed seemed to have become even faster. There were almost no restrictions in terms of cultivation level. This meant that the Heavenly Way had withdrawn its power in all aspects. All the rules of karma and order had gone from thin to non-existent. The great era of chaos is coming. " "That's true."

Everyone present nodded. They could all feel that the bottlenecks in their cultivation had become extremely loose. There were even no more. Basically, as long as they had accumulated enough power, they could directly break through to the next level.

The Heavenly Way had loosened its supervision. The first time was in the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman, and it had become extremely easy for people to cultivate. This time, the blazing sun had suddenly disappeared. That was because the will of the Heaven Realm had also given up on illuminating the world. It did its best to withdraw its power, even if it meant that the world was shrouded in darkness. Buzz …

As they were talking, the moon in the sky suddenly disappeared. The bright moon in the Heaven Realm began to shrink. It suddenly turned into a ray of light and fell down. No one knew where it had landed.

From then on, the sun and moon in the Heaven Realm had completely disappeared. There was no trace of them left.