Chapter 1036
============

Middle Way In another universe, many people gathered together. These people were Mister Wu Wu, Mister Wu Xin, Mister Wu Wei, and Mister Wu Xiang. Dharma Saint, Fa Wuxian, The Fourth Gu Huasha, The Great Spirit God, and Long Xiangtian. Mister Wu Wu was the leader of these people. He still wore a black cloak and his face couldn't be seen. Mister Wu Xin, Wu Wei, and Mister Wu Xiang were the same. But so was The Fourth Gu Huasha. Fa Wuxian looked at Gu Huasha and was shocked. He felt that his strength was weaker than Gu Huasha.

Originally, after he escaped, he had wanted to kill everyone with his overwhelming hatred. However, Mister Wuxiang had stopped him, so he had no other choice. Now, he had completely woken up. With his current strength, it wasn't enough for him to take revenge. Therefore, he had to cultivate to the ninth level of the Undying Realm before he could take revenge on everyone. In Fa Wuxian's heart, there was no one he couldn't kill.

Gu Chensha had to die, Gu Huasha had to die, The Great Spirit God had to die, and even Mister Wu Xiang and the others who saved him had to die. Not dying wasn't enough to vent his anger. Not dying wasn't enough for him to think clearly. The humiliation he had suffered these days was worse than death. Even now, when he saw the people who knew that he had become a dog, he wanted to die.

Hate, hate, hate … These were all Fa Wuxian's thoughts. Other than hate, he couldn't find any other emotions. If he could vent his anger, he wouldn't hesitate to kill himself.

"Fa Wuxian is dangerous. He's not human anymore. He's the embodiment of hatred. "

Dharma Saint saw this and suddenly said to The Fourth Gu Huasha, "Although we're working together, we can't trust this person. Is there a way to kill him and devour him so that he can't turn back?" "This matter is simple."

The Fourth Gu Huasha had swallowed the Emperor Of Heaven's pill, and his strength had reached an unprecedented peak. He was just a step away from comprehending the Supreme Undying Realm, so he was not afraid of Fa Wuxian. However, he also felt that Fa Wuxian was a huge threat, and he could not let him live.

"Then when do we make our move?"

The Dharma Saint was a little worried: "If we let Fa Wuxian cultivate to the Undying Realm, I'm afraid the first thing he will do is to kill us. This person is definitely not to be trusted, he only has resentment. Mister Wu Wu and the rest will stop us, we have to think of a foolproof plan. " "Just wait and see. Mister Wu Wu and the rest will attack Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha will definitely retaliate in a frenzy, and they won't be able to fend for themselves. If that's the case, we'll have a chance. After I devour the Celestial Emperor's medicinal pill, it's not impossible for my cultivation base to suppress Fa Wuxian. I have absolute confidence that this person must die. "Gu Huasha said," Just the two of us will be enough to deal with this matter. "

"A good chance …" Long Xiangtian watched coldly from the side. "Fa Wuxian is too dangerous, he must die. However, it seems that Gu Huasha wants to attack first, so I'll wait until both of them are injured. Then, we'll devour them and obtain their power. That way, we might be able to reach the Supreme Undying Realm.

That Gu Chensha's sacrifice and the Dragonless Heart Sutra's spirit power are all bullsh * t. I definitely won't believe such nonsense. "

"These people are scheming against each other, and Mister Wu Wu doesn't seem to care … So this is my chance?

Since ancient times, I, The Great Spirit God, have schemed against the world. Although I've been humiliated countless times, as long as I don't die, I can make a comeback. This Fa Wuxian was humiliated by me, and the first thing he wants to do is to kill me. I can't let him live, "The Great Spirit God was also thinking. To him, surviving was the most important thing.

Gu Chensha would not kill him after capturing him, and Mister Wu Wu would not kill him either. Only Fa Wuxian had to kill him, so he was clear that he had to kill Fa Wuxian to have a good life. Otherwise, his fate would be bleak.

Everyone had their own plans, and Mister Wu Wu and the rest were doing their best to send some kind of will into the human world. They set up a formation, and black qi came out of the formation, as if they were going to condense into some kind of law.

Countless runes and black qi condensed into a massive net of law, which covered this universe before spreading out to other universes.

"From then on, the Mortal World has the Heavenly Dao. There is only one Heavenly Dao rule, and that is the conservation of energy. Anyone who wants to become stronger must devour others. Those who violate this rule must die and no longer exist. If the conservation of energy is not maintained, then the Heaven and Earth is not the Heaven and Earth."

Mister Wu Wu Wu's will spread out. This was their plan, and if the human world really had such a law, anyone who cultivated the Dragonless Cultivation Technique would immediately die. All of Gu Chensha's plans would become nothing more than a pipe dream.

However, at this moment, a universe was suddenly born in the distance. This universe was extremely vast, and it was completely different from the old universe in the past. The potential of this universe was limitless, and there was no limit at all. It was in the shape of a heart, and as it wriggled, it gushed out energy and poured into the Human Realm, causing the Human Realm to expand at an unbelievable speed. In the blink of an eye, a new universe would be born in the Human Realm. Rumble!

The black qi gathered by Mister Wu Wu and the others was immediately swept back. It was actually repelled by the essence of the Human Realm, and it couldn't penetrate it at all.

Only he knew that the birth of a new universe represented the birth of a new Heavenly Dao. The new Heavenly Dao was a kind of order and a kind of law.

From a certain point of view, the old order was basically the "conservation of energy". A living being, from weak to strong, had to devour the energy of others. In this way, the Heavenly Dao of the entire universe would devour and devour each other.

The new order was about unlimited energy. Each living being had unlimited energy. The reason they came to this world was that the more they gave it, the more strength the world would allow them to display.

For example, in the old world, how much spiritual energy did a person need to absorb to become a Dao Realm Transformation Expert? When converted to energy, it was a number.

In the new world, in order to become a Dao Realm Transformation Expert, how much spiritual energy did one have to give to the world? Only then would one be able to achieve Dao Realm Transformation Strength.

In normal terms, in the old world, if a person wanted to become an official, such as a County Magistrate, he had to kill another County Magistrate and replace him.

In the new world, he had to take out a corresponding amount of wealth and the Imperial Court would naturally give him the position of County Magistrate. This was the fundamental clash between the old world and the new world.

"This is the birth of a new world? Gu Chensha has created a new world, a new law, and a new cultivation system? "

The Fourth Gu Huasha, Fa Wuxian, Dharma Saint, and the others' bodies trembled as they saw the new universe being born. This new universe gave off an aura that they had never seen before, and it attracted their essence to it.

At the same time, the birth of the new universe caused many powerful existences to want to enter it. They felt that in this new universe, they would be able to obtain true eternity, boundless, and invincible.

"Gu Chensha has created a new universe …" At that moment, in another place in the Human World, the Confucianism Ancestor and the Justice League's people gathered together to discuss an important matter.

In the last Imperial Court battle, the Justice League's 36 Ancestors and the Evil Alliance's 36 Ancestors had been beaten up by Gu Chensha, and they had suffered heavy losses.

The Justice League's Ancestor of Personal Loyalty had been completely taken away, and he had become an ordinary person, while his godson had become Xin's Ancestor of Personal Loyalty.

The Evil Alliance's situation was even worse, and the Ancestor of Evil and Evil Ancestor had both been demoted.

Because of this, the Confucianism Ancestor and the others had always obeyed Gu Chensha, but because Gu Chensha was powerful, they had no choice but to submit. If they had the opportunity, they would definitely act against Gu Chensha.

These people were now the Great Yongchō's subjects in name, but they were secretly thinking of ways to break free from Gu Chensha's rule.

When news of the Gu Chensha's Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God being rescued, the Fourth and Dharma Saint rebelling, and the Emperor Of Heaven's medicinal pills being stolen spread out, these Ancestor experts were all overjoyed. In actuality, none of them wanted to have a ruler above them.

Ancestor experts now stood at the peak, and they could freely travel between universes and enjoy boundless bliss. How could they want Gu Chensha to restrict them?

Although there were some Ancestor experts who had successfully cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, they still didn't feel the slightest bit of gratitude towards Gu Chensha. They even wanted to use the Dragonless Heart Sutra to suppress Gu Chensha, the creator.

The Confucianism Ancestor had successfully cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, but he didn't think that the creation of the Dragonless Heart Sutra was the truth. He believed that the Old World's Dao of Devouring was also possible, and the Dragonless Heart Sutra wasn't bad either. If the two were balanced, in an absolute balance, then that would be the golden mean. Confucianism emphasized the golden mean, and would never take certain things to the extreme.