Chapter 121
===========

Logically speaking, an expert like her could easily deal with someone at the second transformation of Dao Realm. Even if she allowed them to kill her, it would be useless as they wouldn't be able to break through her defense at all.

However, Gu Chensha had sent her flying with a simple punch. This was the true Fist of Dao. Only by comprehending the true essence of martial arts that was most suitable for oneself could one have such power.

This was because Gu Chensha had comprehended that even though Number Four's fist technique used the power of flesh and blood, it contained a kind of rule. It was something that could not be explained clearly. It caused all of Number Four's essence, Qi, and spirit to gather at one point when he punched out. Thus, his fist gave birth to spirituality. It had the feeling of having no regrets even if he died nine times.

Even if Gu Chensha used Sun and Moon Kill with his bare fists, he might not be able to defeat Cold Jade Dew so easily. This didn't mean that Clumsy Fist was stronger than Sun and Moon Kill. On the contrary, Sun and Moon Kill was much stronger than Clumsy Fist.

Clumsy Fist was the most suitable for Gu Chensha. It allowed him to inject all his energy, energy, and the will to die nine times without regrets into his fist technique. For example, if a kid couldn't use a spear, then he might as well use a small blade to hurt people.

Moreover, Gu Chensha didn't even comprehend one-thousandth of the mysteries of Sun and Moon Kill, so naturally, he wouldn't be able to use the power of the sun and moon to kill evil demons.

Sun and Moon Kill was said to be from the hands of the ancient emperors. Once it was used, the sun and moon would appear in the sky at the same time. The entire area would be filled with the power to destroy evil and no evil demon would be able to escape. Gu Chensha's Clumsy Fist was just a change in strength.

Of course, this Clumsy Fist could allow him to change his strength to the extreme. Sun and Moon Kill was too strong, so he wasn't able to use it as freely as before.

Of course, he would still cultivate Sun and Moon Training, Sun and Moon Transformation, Sun and Moon Kill, Sun and Moon Dragon, etc., to perfect his Clumsy Fist.

After this comprehension, although he didn't reach the third transformation, Copper Skin Iron Bones, he felt like his cultivation had greatly increased. If this continued, he would be able to compete with those geniuses.

"I'm going to walk around the streets and take a look at the flourishing Heavenly Talismans."

When the moon was high in the evening and the lights were first lit, all the servants in the manor lit the candles. Everywhere was brightly lit and jubilant. It could be seen that Long Yuyun was quite good at running a household.

Those candles weren't ordinary items either. They were made from the fat of a species called musk bear from the Wilderness, mixed with many spices. They were extremely expensive, and after burning, the entire manor would be filled with a fragrance. Not only could it refresh one's mind, regulate one's body and mind, but it could also expel insects and kill diseases. It was a must-have item for rich and noble families. Of course, the true royal family used moonstones for illumination.

Gu Chensha's fief, the castle, was inlaid with moonstones. When night fell, it would be as bright as day, but it was a lot more luxurious than this castle.

The sounds of frying and cooking could be heard in the manor's kitchen, and smoke rose up. It was dinner time. Of course, people like Gu Chensha who had reached the Dao Realm did not need to eat. However, the servants and the guards of the manor had to eat.

"Unknowingly, I have stopped living in the mortal world." Gu Chensha looked at the smoke and had a weird feeling in his heart.

"The outside world is really lively, it has already exceeded the capital."

Long Yuyun walked over, "These few days, I have heard a lot of news. After the Imperial Court announced that they would move the capital, this place became more than 10 times more prosperous. Our various merchant companies are really popular and our goods are all swept clean. We can only transport goods through the night. Luckily, the Celestial Designer Institute has started to pave roads, so it is much more convenient to transport goods."

"I heard that the Imperial Court wants to build a railway from the capital to transport goods to the border. It is much more convenient than transporting goods by water." Cold Jade Dew was really interested, "Using iron to pave roads is just too extravagant."

"This is the brilliance of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor; he's slowly changing the minds of the entire world," Long Yuyun said. "Seeing as you wish to go out for a stroll, then we can accompany you." The three of them changed into normal clothes and just walked out. They didn't call for a carriage.

Originally, there were special coachmen in the manor, equipped with luxurious carriages and horses, ready for the owner to go out at any time.

The manor wasn't located in the city, but in the outskirts. However, the roads were extremely smooth, paved with mud and stone, without a speck of dust. The roads were smooth and comfortable, with mud and stone drains on both sides. On both sides of the road were fertile fields, vegetable fields, orchards and fish ponds. It was already spring, the cold had completely dissipated, and the atmosphere of spring was overflowing.

After walking for tens of li, a wide road appeared in front of them. The market was like a chessboard, bustling with people. At night, the street lamps were lit, but they were lit with grease and covered with glass to keep out the wind. There was also a 'street management office' to take care of the business. These people were recruited from the commoners and were paid by the Imperial Court.

There were all sorts of shops selling silk clothes, snacks, jades, and even swords, bows and armors. Other than that, there were also bookstores, grain, oil and meat shops, taverns, restaurants, banks, and pawnshops. Of course, most of them were the various auction houses. Some items were hard to appraise and could only be auctioned off to the highest bidder. Many treasures in the Wilderness were like this.

"Let's go see the fireworks!" Bang!

In the distance, fireworks shot into the sky, outlining the beautiful colors. A group of children ran wildly on the street with candied fruits in their hands, while the adults shouted from behind.

Plop. A little girl with braided hair was tripped by someone. Her forehead was red and swollen, and she began to cry in pain.

Gu Chensha hurriedly picked her up and rubbed her forehead. Immediately, the swelling disappeared, and the little girl stopped crying.

Long Yuyun smiled and helped her wipe away her tears. Cold Jade Dew also bought a new candied fruit from a nearby shop and stuffed it into the little girl's hands. The little girl immediately smiled.

At this time, the little girl's parents ran over and hurriedly thanked them. They picked up the candied fruit that had fallen to the ground and threw it into the dustbins on both sides of the road.

"How old is this little girl?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Six years old, it's time for her to go to school."

The little girl's father was about twenty-three or twenty-four years old and wore cotton clothes. He didn't come from a wealthy family, but he was spirited and didn't lack food or clothing. "I really have to thank Your Majesty. Yesterday, the officials went from house to house and told us that the little girl must also go to school. The imperial court also provides three meals a day. The imperial court also pays for the books and papers to study. If she does well in the exams, there will be money. What a benevolent government. "" Then she must study hard and practice martial arts. "

Gu Chensha rubbed the little girl's head. "Things are different now. In the future, women can also become officials."

"Of course, of course. This little girl has really caught up with the times. A few decades ago, my father and grandfather's generation didn't even have enough to eat. If they had a maid, they would have to sell it to a rich family. How could they have such a life now?" The little girl's father repeatedly thanked the emperor and left.

"I didn't think that Your Majesty would dare to do this. The imperial court pays for the education of all the children in the world."

Cold Jade Dew said. "When I heard this rumor, I thought it was just a rumor spread by the imperial court. I didn't think that the common people would actually be informed." "If this goes on, what will happen in a few decades?

Children will study and practice martial arts. If they have a good foundation, how strong will the country be? "Long Yuyun was also shocked.

"Roar! Roar! Roar! "

At this time, a group of several hundred soldiers formed an orderly formation and patrolled the streets.

They were dressed in armor and carried long swords on their backs. Each of them had the backs of a tiger and the waist of a bear. As they ran, they sang a loud and clear military song. It gave people a great sense of security. At the very least, there were no longer any hoodlums, thieves or criminals in the market.

On the streets, there were also commoners dressed in lowly official uniforms sweeping the streets. They were in charge of cleaning the entire city and were paid by the imperial court. The entire city was kept clean at all times.

"This is a street of clothes, satin and furs. It's ten li long."

As they walked, Long Yuyun pointed out to Gu Chensha, "Over there is a street of restaurants. Over there is a street of weapons and armor. The street of medicine is at the other end. The bookstore is over there and the brothel is at the other side of the river. It's very lively over there. Do you want to take a look?

It's newly built, but it's even more flourishing than the capital. There are even brothels and casinos. " "Those are not my cup of tea."

Gu Chensha waved his hands, "However, Imperial Father is wise to not restrict such things. There are some things that cannot be prohibited. Why not bring them to the table and place them under the sun to bask in the sun. That way, it will be much cleaner."

"Look at these commoners, their faces are filled with genuine smiles. Look at the children, they are all very happy." Yu Han Lu said, "Although our Baoyu Country is rich, compared to Yongchō, we are far behind."

"I wonder how long this scene will last. Will it be a flash in the pan, or will it last for generations to come?" Gu Chensha was worried. He was most afraid of the fireworks of the golden age, which were fleeting.

"Today, there will be a Herculean Beef auction. The starting bid for a jin of meat is a hundred dollars."

A few auction houses had signs hanging outside their doors, and a few workers were shouting from the roadside, "Everyone, don't miss it."

Following their shouts, many horse carriages stopped at the plaza in front of the auction house, and a few gentlemen dressed in luxurious clothes got off to buy.

The Herculean Beef had long been on the dining tables of the rich, but in many counties and prefectures, the rich could not enjoy it. Now that the war in the wilderness was getting more intense, the meat was also increasing in quantity, and the supply was increasing. Many of the country's gentlemen and local tycoons came one after another.

The top powers of Yongchō were naturally the aristocratic families that had existed for thousands of years. They had the bloodline of gods or the bloodline of ancient saints, such as the Legalists, Heng, Xuan, Lei, Hong, and Yun families. These families had not fallen for thousands of years, and when the dynasty changed, the imperial court could not do anything to them. In fact, they had to be respectful, not daring to offend them in the slightest. In fact, they even supported the emperor, and sometimes joined forces to depose the emperor, taking control of the country's divine weapons. They were also inextricably linked to the ancient immortal sects.

Secondly, there were families whose ancestors were immortal cultivators. Even now, that immortal was still in the immortal sects, allowing the family to prosper and occupy a treasured land. Although they were not as rich as the thousand-year-old aristocratic families, they still had great influence. They could barely be called a small aristocratic family.

Thirdly, there were the aristocratic families of the imperial court, such as the Lou family and the Shi family. The imperial court had great influence, and with the help of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, they could suppress the small aristocratic families, but they could not compare to the large aristocratic families. These three classes were high and mighty. Below them were the ordinary nobles, and then the rich and powerful families. Below them were the big landowners of the various provinces. The lowest class were the country's gentlemen and local tycoons.

Before the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, only the top three classes could enjoy the Herculean Beef, but now, even the lowest class of country's gentlemen and local tycoons had begun to buy it.