Chapter 57
==========

There was an incantation within the Hornless Dragon Armor. After dripping a drop of blood on it, the armor would resonate with the owner's aura, and it would recognize the owner. The owner would then chant the incantation, and the armor would automatically shrink.

This was already in the category of magical treasures, not something of the mortal world. It possessed its own spirituality, similar to the Dragonbone Sword.

"The Dragonbone Sword can break the defense of the Horned Wyrm Armor, but it can't break the Horned Wyrm Armor."

Gu Chensha calculated, "According to the classification of dragons, the lowest level is the Flood Dragon, followed by the Chi Dragon, the Great Dragon, the King Dragon, the Divine Dragon, the True Dragon, the Sun and Moon Dragon, the Heaven and Earth Dragon, and the Dragon of All Beings.

Since the Hornless Dragon Armor has been created, the Great Dragon Armor must have been created as well. I wonder what's so special about it? "

At this moment, the 243 men under Gu Chensha's command, including Liu Yu's group of five, had also put on the Horned Dragon Armor. It was as if they were wrapped in a layer of dragon skin, light and agile. It did not affect their movements at all. They demonstrated their martial arts to familiarize themselves with the power of the armor and combined it with their own martial arts in an attempt to kill more barbarian soldiers in the upcoming battle.

At the very least, with this armor, it would be difficult for ordinary soldiers to die, and the number of casualties would be greatly reduced.

"Nineteenth Master, these five subordinates of yours have amazing martial arts." Shi Tie could tell that Liu Yu and the other four's cultivation levels were not to be underestimated. They were not beneath him.

"I wonder if General Shi would like to compete with my subordinate?"

Gu Chensha saw through his intentions. This person was also a martial arts grandmaster, a member of the Jushi Marquis and a trusted aide. Otherwise, he would not have been allowed to contact him and deliver such an important armor. Gu Chensha wanted to see this person's true ability, and at the same time, he could see Jushi Marquis's ability in cultivating talents.

"That's fine." Shi Zhongtie's face was filled with joy. He thought, "The Nineteenth Prince is indeed a clever person. He can see through my intentions." "Liu Yu, you compete with General Shi. Don't overdo it," Gu Chensha instructed.

"Yes!"

Liu Yu immediately took off his Horned Dragon Armor and raised his sword to the same level as the tip of his nose. He focused his mind and calmed his Qi. His soul and sword became one, and he forgot about everything else.

"Good." Shi Tie loudly praised. A knife appeared in his hand as he stood up. "Please." "Please."

Liu Yu was very calm. His body moved, and the sword radiance was perfectly straight. The starlight formed a line and suddenly rushed over. It was subtle and silent, like the hidden spring rain that nourished all living things.

Shi Tie held his saber horizontally in front of him. He was as heavy as a boulder, simple and unadorned. His entire body exerted strength as he slashed out with his saber as the center. Within three steps of him, the air currents emitted the sound of shattering crystals.

Gu Chensha was slightly startled, "This person's martial arts are very high, definitely not an ordinary grandmaster. He is not below Lao Shi from that day."

Before Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha reached Dao Realm, he was a dual cultivator. He was strong and agile and was said to be invincible among Grandmasters. Who knew how many resources were used to develop him? For Shi Tietie to have such a cultivation, Marquis Dashi was truly terrifying. Because this person was not his son, but a nephew of the main family. If he was a direct descendant, he would probably be even stronger. Dang dang dang! In the blink of an eye, the two of them had already exchanged dozens of moves.

Suddenly, Shi Tietie let out a long howl, and his saber technique changed. Fiery light flashed, cutting through the air, and a tempest spread out. At this moment, everyone seemed to see meteorites falling from the sky, a meteor shower. Peng!

Liu Yu was sent flying and fell to the ground, but he used his sword to bounce back, and he jumped up again. He was not injured, and he knew that Shi Tietie was being lenient.

"Let me!" Jia Liang held his sword and attacked Shi Tietie.

After the two of them exchanged dozens of moves, Shi Tietie used that saber technique again, and Jia Liang was also sent flying.

Then, Mo Chao, Qian Zhen, and Zhou Bu took turns to attack, but they were all sent flying after dozens of moves.

Shi Tietie's move of falling meteorites was exquisite, and it was extremely powerful. Its aura was even more majestic.

"This move is exquisite, was it created by Marquis Dashi?" Gu Chensha was interested. "Shi Tietie, use this move to attack me with all your strength, don't hold back."

"This, Nineteenth Master, the power of this move is shocking. It was indeed created by Marquis Dashi when he saw the falling meteorites and the meteor shower. I only used thirty percent of it just now, if I go all out, I'm afraid …" Shi Tietie was in a difficult position.

"I think this move has some flaws." Gu Chensha smiled.

"Nineteenth Master, you must be joking." Although he knew that Gu Chensha was trying to provoke him, Shi Tietie still had some complaints.

"If you don't believe me, use your full strength, and I'll show you." Gu Chensha did not have a weapon in his hand. "I can use my fists and legs to break this move of yours." "If that's the case, then Nineteenth Master will have to offend you."

Shi Tietie stood with his saber, and his body trembled slightly. Hum … The air around him trembled along with his body, and a tornado appeared. Such power made the expressions of Liu Yu and the others change drastically, and they knew that they had not lost unjustly. Rumble!

The saber's aura rose, and the saber light disappeared. It rose and fell, and everyone seemed to see the stars falling from the distant starry sky, landing on the earth. The earth was instantly filled with thousands of holes, and the world had turned into ruins. The saber attacked Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha moved, and rushed into the saber light. With a light wave of his hand, all the saber lights were struck down, and Shi Tietie's long saber fell into his hand.

"What's going on?"

Shi Tietie looked at his empty hands, and he could not understand how Gu Chensha had snatched his saber.

He looked respectful, but he was actually very arrogant, arrogant, and strong. He had killed countless enemies, and his talent was one in a million. Otherwise, he would not have gotten the favor of Jushi Marquis. He did not expect that there would always be someone stronger than him. If Gu Chensha was in the Dao Realm, he could understand. However, Gu Chensha was in the same realm as him, and he was also a Martial Path Grandmaster.

Liu Yu and the others felt relieved, and they instantly felt that Gu Chensha's image was even greater, and indelible.

"Nineteenth Master's martial arts are unparalleled, and I admire you."

Shi Tietie came back to his senses, and he hurriedly knelt down on one knee. This came from the bottom of his heart. "I thought that he didn't kill the four demons by himself, but now it seems that it is really possible. The martial arts just now … However, he is good at winning people over. I defeated five of his subordinates, and he defeated me with one move. This way, his five subordinates will definitely respect him as a celestial being."

Gu Chensha's move was the Sun and Moon Transformation technique, and it was many times better than Shi Tietie's. Naturally, he snatched the saber in an instant, and this was also a show of strength.

After snatching the saber, he was delighted. Compared to when he was in the capital, the improvement in his martial arts cultivation was too obvious, especially after he comprehended the intricacies of the Sun and Moon Transformation. He broke through the barrier of martial arts, and he felt that he could step into the Dao Realm at any time.

At night, the stars shone brightly, and the night wind blew, bringing with it the fragrance of spring.

Gu Chensha let Shi Tietie lead the team to rest in the town and exchange pointers and pointers with Liu Yu and the others. Gu Chensha, on the other hand, went out and walked towards the depths of the mountain. Firstly, he wanted to find tiger-wolf pills and obtain more tiger-wolf pills. Secondly, since he had promised Marquis Dashi to contact the remnants of Xian Chao, the latter would definitely come looking for him.

He left the town and traveled over a hundred miles, climbing up a tall mountain, and observed his surroundings.

With his current leg strength, it took him less than an hour to travel a hundred miles, and this was just walking slowly. If he gave it his all, it would be twice as fast.

"You have been thinking for so many days. Have you made up your mind?"

He sat on a big rock at the peak of the mountain for a while, and a voice came from afar. He turned his head to look, and it was indeed Chen Jianfeng. At this moment, Chen Jianfeng was alone, and he did not bring any followers.

Gu Chensha was not surprised. He already knew that when he was training in the town, there were people watching him. It was not difficult for him to get rid of them, but he wanted to see what these people wanted.

"Think about what? Rebellion? "Gu Chensha's tone was very cold." What if I don't agree? " "Oh? Have you grown up?

Do you feel that you are invincible because you have a few people under you, and your martial arts have improved a little? "

Chen Jianfeng seemed to have expected Gu Chensha to say this. "It seems that there is a need to let you know how powerful I am. I will capture you today, and when you see the Crown Prince of Heaven Wasteland, you will be obedient and willingly offer up your bloodline." "So you want my bloodline of The Great Spirit God."

Gu Chensha laughed involuntarily. "You really have guts. Xian Chao was destroyed by the Yongchō, and it is understandable that you want to take revenge, but you want to destroy the Great Stone Wall and let the Brute Race invade. That is close to evil."

"Throughout the ages, the winner is the king, and the loser is the villain. A general's success is built on the bones of tens of thousands. You are still very naive."

Chen Jianfeng clasped his hands behind his back. "Your performance these days has surprised me. Even the Four Great Old Demons died in your hands, but that should be the credit of Long Yuyun, right? She seems to be using you?

I have already heard that she has returned to the capital, and is not here. What trump card do you have now? " "You dare to capture me?" Gu Chensha stood up.

"You have the bloodline of The Great Spirit God, I will give you a chance. You can run now, and I will not chase you for the time it takes for an incense stick to burn. Let's see if you can escape from the palm of my hand." Chen Jianfeng could not be bothered to answer, and said to himself.

Gu Chensha suddenly took a step forward, advancing thirty feet, and was already in front of Chen Jianfeng, striking out three consecutive palm strikes. The palm techniques of The Great Spirit God, Move Mountain, Overturn River, and Overturn Ocean.

These three palms were connected, and the energy waves rumbled, forming into a ball. The air currents rubbed against one another, giving off a crackling sound. Dust and other small objects on the ground seemed to have been electrocuted, and they were all sucked up. This was because he attacked too quickly, and his strength spiraled. The high-speed friction created a huge static electricity.

This technique had already exceeded the strength of The Great Spirit God's palm because he used Sun Moon Transformation to activate it.

Chen Jianfeng originally had a smile on his face, but soon after, his expression changed, because he felt that the palm energy covered the sky and covered the earth. The power was so great that it was rarely seen in his life. The wind from the palm was condensed but not released, condensed but not dispersed. It was like a mountain surrounded by lightning as it smashed towards him.

He was familiar with the The Great Spirit God's palm, and he had trained hard since young. He could pretty much close his eyes and dissect the moves, but facing this palm technique that he couldn't be more familiar with, he felt so strange that he almost wanted to vomit blood.

His body retreated, and he didn't dare to take it head-on. Even if he was someone who had changed his Dao Realm, he could only flee.