Chapter 429
===========

The painting was extremely ancient, and emanated a precelestial aura. It was as if primordial chaos energy flowed through it, manifesting countless species, animals, and plants. In the center of the painting was a human figure. It was perfect, with its meridians, acupoints, sea of consciousness, sea of energy, and other secrets. All of them were on display, and were very beneficial to Demon Transformation. Even for Gu Chensha, this painting revealed the highest secrets of the human body. It was a precelestial treasure.

"What a treasure!"

Without even thinking about it, Gu Chensha made his move, using the power of the globe of Life's Will.

As soon as he grabbed hold of the diagram, it unleashed a powerful attack that swept him up. However, in the blink of an eye, he used the power of the Heavenly Demon Tree and the secret magic of the Heavenly Demon to enter the diagram. Then, he used the power of the Common Life's Wish sphere to absorb the diagram and rip apart Wen Hong's talisman. RUMBLE! Wen Hong's talisman finally exploded.

Boundless starlight spread out, as if an ancient star painting had descended upon the cave on Mount Meru. Overwhelming power swept out, and even suppressed the power of the three Ape Godkings. Then the star painting expanded without limit.

The power of the star painting swept into many of the secret chambers in the cave, sweeping up all of the treasures, medicinal pills, armor, materials, and precious stones that the Ape Clan had stored up. Then, countless planets appeared and exploded. The space in the area was instantly torn apart. The star painting wrapped around Gu Chensha, and he flew out. In the blink of an eye, he was gone.

Although he had not killed the three Ape Godkings as planned, he had killed Ape Desolation, the chief of the Ape Clan, and the ten War-Monarchs. He had acquired the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree, as well as the Myriad Demon Human Transformation Painting. In addition to that, he had swept up most of the treasures in the cave.

Gu Chensha had not counted on any of them, but he had seen large quantities of Seven Sages Heart Refinement Pills, as well as all sorts of strange ancient medicinal pills. There were also precious materials and the remains of magical treasures from the Primeval Age, as well as magical treasures that the Ape Clan had long since refined. There were many experts in the ape race, and they had forged many magical treasures.

Wen Hong's talismans should have been the weakest, but in this moment, they were actually the strongest. Seizing the opportunity, he swept up all of the treasures in the cave of the ape tribe.

This time, the Ape Race had paid hundreds of years of taxes. If the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree and the Ten Thousand Demon Human Painting were counted, they had paid thousands of years of taxes. It could be said that the apes had suffered heavy losses this time.

The most crucial point was that Zhuge Ya's trump card had been to control the Ape race's leader, Ape Desolation, and seize the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree. Then, he had directly strengthened the Heavenly Demon Tree's power, which in turn increased the power of the Common People's Wish sphere, helping Gu Chensha prepare to seize the Human Transformation Diagram.

It was this sudden change that allowed the Tranquil Fairy Department to gain the upper hand and cause the Great Ape Tribe to suffer.

Gu Chensha was swept out of the Star Atlas. In the next moment, he arrived at his own fief and entered the Life's Wish sphere.

Everything was settled. As long as he entered the Life's Wish sphere, no matter how angry the three apes were, it would be useless. In the past, the three apes couldn't do anything to it, let alone now.

The Heavenly Demon Tree had absorbed the remains, the undying Ape Desolation, and the ten Battle Kings of the Great Ape Tribe. This powerful energy gathered together to strengthen the sphere, and at the same time, it had great offensive power. Rumble!

As soon as Gu Chensha entered the sphere, the Star Atlas dissipated, turning into energy that was absorbed by the Heavenly Demon Tree. Then, the Star Atlas unfurled, as if it wanted to break free. This was the Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Diagram. Rumble!

Zhuge Ya stood up and used all sorts of secret techniques. Endless amounts of demonic energy appeared, suppressing the Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Diagram.

"This diagram is a connate manifestation of a connate spirit medicine. It contains the secrets between humans and demons. It's a supreme treasure."

Zhuge Ya activated the Heavenly Demon Tree, pouring it into it. Suddenly, many branches flew out, locking the Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Diagram in place.

Then, a large amount of demonic energy entered and began to condense. The Heavenly Demon Tree wanted to absorb this diagram.

"Chang Weiyang and I agreed that this diagram will belong to the Mysterious Cosmos Gate." Gu Chensha frowned.

"It's okay. Let the Heavenly Demon Tree absorb the mysteries of the diagram first."

Zhuge Ya said, "Let the Heavenly Demon Tree reach a certain level, kill the three apes, and destroy the ape race. Only then can this promise be fulfilled. The agreement we made with the Mysterious Cosmos Gate was to kill the three apes, absorb them into the Heavenly Demon Tree, and give this diagram to Chang Weiyang. Chang Weiyang hasn't killed the three apes yet, which means the deal isn't complete. Don't worry, Your Highness. I will have a good talk with Chang Weiyang. " "Then I'll leave everything to you, Mister Zhuge."

Gu Chensha laughed and said, "The three great apes have gone too far. This time, we can say that we have dealt them a heavy blow." After the Star Atlas dispersed, countless treasures were scattered on the ground.

Zhuge Ya didn't clean up the treasures. Instead, he let the Heavenly Demon Tree absorb them all, including the Seven Sacred Heart Refining Pill.

"Once the Heavenly Demon Tree is cultivated, it can swallow everything. However, after swallowing, it can decompose and wriggle, giving birth to something better with a more perfect structure.

The treasures of the ape race are all good stuff. After being fed to the Heavenly Demon Tree, the things it condenses will become even stronger. "

Zhuge Ya said, "Wait until I refine this Heavenly Demon Human Transformation Diagram. With the strength of the Tranquil Fairy Department, killing one of the three apes won't be a problem." "Of course."

Gu Chensha knew that now that the Common People's Wish sphere and the Heavenly Demon Tree had merged into one, the Heavenly Demon Tree would grow stronger. Its power couldn't be underestimated. In the past, the Heavenly Demon Tree had merged with the Connate Spiritual Treasure Central Earth Great Virtue Flag. Now that it had merged with the Heavenly Demon Human Transformation Diagram, it would truly reach a new realm.

"Your Highness, your cultivation has improved greatly. Your aptitude has improved, and you've become a Natural Born Sage. You're just one step away from cultivating the Heavenly Path Technique." Zhuge Ya said, "Come with me and merge the Heavenly Demon Human Transformation Diagram with the Heavenly Demon Tree."

Gu Chensha sat down cross-legged and activated his Core Qi and bloodline to begin the smelting process.

"I didn't expect this kid to succeed."

Meanwhile, Tai Xuan and Chang Weiyang were still observing the situation from within the Mystic Gates of the Universe. "Zhuge Ya's schemes are truly unfathomable. Even we didn't expect him to hide inside Desolate Ape's body. At the most critical moment, he seized the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree and strengthened the Heavenly Demon Tree sapling."

"That's right. Zhuge Ya really is the Lord of Seven Stars. If he grows up, he'll have a chance to deal with the three Celestials." Chang Weiyang seemed to be seeing an opportunity. At that moment, the Mystic Gates of the Universe rippled, and a projection appeared.

Chang Weiyang frowned slightly, then waved her hand, causing a coffin to appear in the ancient space-time. Zhuge Ya appeared on the coffin. "Sect Leader Weiyang, I am Zhuge Ya. Greetings." "You're borrowing the power of the World Burial Coffin? You're projecting it here? "Chang Weiyang was a bit surprised.

"The Myriad Demon Human Transformation Painting is perfect for the Heavenly Demon Tree. It can also increase the power of the Common Life's Wish sphere. It's not very useful to you, Sect Leader Chang Weiyang, but you helped us deal with the apes. There's a treasure inside the World Burial Coffin called the Immortal Fountain. If you open it up, I'll give it to you. What do you think?" Zhuge Ya clasped his hands, not bothering to waste words.

"The Immortal Fountain really exists?" Tai Xuan was a bit surprised.

"Of course. The previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, spent a great deal of effort to acquire it." Zhuge Ya nodded.

"Good. Straightforward."

Chang Weiyang laughed. "Talking to the Lord of Seven Stars really is straightforward. You don't beat around the bush. However, I'm afraid it won't be easy for the Lord of Seven Stars to open the World Burial Coffin. After all, Jiang Gongwang has descendants. It's not like he didn't leave it behind for his descendants, the Jiang Family. " "Things that belong to the Lord of Seven Stars can only be left to the Lord of Seven Stars."

Zhuge Ya shook his head. "You don't understand the connection between us. You could say that I'm Jiang Gongwang's reincarnation.

However, the Jiang Family's descendants are scattered like the wind and scattered among the common people. It's hard to find them, but they'll definitely appear. They have some connection to the World Burial Coffin. It seems your calculations are quite accurate. " "It seems Zhuge Ya wants me to lend you a hand?" asked Chang Weiyang.

"Within a year, the Calming Immortal Agency will kill Dou Nineteen." Zhuge Ya extended a finger.

"That's great!" Zhuge Ya said everything Chang Weiyang wanted to say.

"Then it's settled." With that, Zhuge Ya vanished.

"Incredible. This kid is incredible."

Tai Xuan shook his head. "The Lord of Seven Stars really is the Lord of Seven Stars. In the future, he'll surpass me."

"I'm already a Divergent. Logically speaking, I should surpass him. However, before I break through the final barrier, I'll encounter a great tribulation. It'll be hard to avoid death.

Back in the day, the Lord of Seven Stars reached my level, and even went one step further, reaching the highest level possible. However, in the end, he encountered a great tribulation and perished. "Chang Weiyang continued," My tribulation isn't any less than the Lord of Seven Stars'. It's inevitable. However, in the future, the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, will be able to help. " "The three Ape Godkings are fools," said Tai Xuan.

"They actually humiliated the Calming Immortal Agency. They didn't know their potential. If they'd just obediently cooperated with the Agency, they might've been able to live a bit longer. The Ape Race's vitality has been severely damaged. They've even lost their cornerstone treasure. I bet the Ape Godkings won't be able to cry even if they wanted to."

"The three old monkeys are senile. Plus, they've been bewitched by the Nest of 10,000 Dragons. Besides, they were once God-level experts in ancient times. Why would they submit to a bunch of juniors? If that happens, they'll lose all face. "Chang Weiyang could sympathize with the Ape Godkings. Meanwhile, in the Ape Race's cave on Mount Sumeru.

"Dammit!

Damn it … "The King Kong Fighting Ape let out a hysterical roar. Even the two sisters, Que Huang 'er and Que Ying' er, had turned pale. They could tell that the three great Ape Gods were currently at a stage where they had lost their rationality and would go crazy at any moment.