Chapter 1044
============

Filled with Opportunity The Great Spirit God had actually obtained the gourd that Fa Wuxian had transformed into. It was an Imperishable level gourd.

"What do we do?"

Gu Huasha, the Fourth, was shocked. He knew that The Great Spirit God had gotten his hands on it, and that it wasn't a good thing. The Great Spirit God was a treacherous and cunning person who had betrayed everyone. Once he obtained Imperishable level power, what would happen to him? Even if he didn't devour everyone, he would at least enslave them.

"It's not that simple." Zhang Ziran was just about to rush forward and snatch it, but then he stopped.

Because The Great Spirit God, who had obtained the gourd, was laughing heartily as his power increased. But then he couldn't laugh anymore. Because he realized that the gourd was actually devouring his will.

"No! No! You can't do this! Fa Wuxian, you're still alive! You're not dead! How is this possible?! "

Amidst his miserable screams, The Great Spirit God was completely devoured by the gourd. Many of the Progenitors and Children of the Dao who had come forward to snatch it stopped in their tracks, and retreated in fear. Even this couldn't kill Fa Wuxian?

Fa Wuxian's ferocious might had deeply shocked everyone. The will of the billions of universes, and all of the experts, could see how ferocious Fa Wuxian was.

Just his name alone was enough to make the universe tremble. Fa Wuxian had reached a point where everyone wanted him dead, but he couldn't.

Many of the Progenitors and Heavenly Dao experts could see that although Fa Wuxian had transformed into a gourd treasure in the explosion, he had in fact been purified of all impurities. Now, as long as he recovered, he would be a true Imperishable level expert. Such experts were basically impossible to exterminate.

"No, Fa Wuxian is already dead. What's left is only his ability to devour. However, that doesn't mean he can come back to life. If the gourd escapes, it will take a long time to devour many people, and Fa Wuxian will be able to come back to life. The only way now is to capture the gourd, seal it, and slowly refine it to remove Fa Wuxian's imprint. Only then will I be able to obtain the gourd and obtain the power of immortality."

At this point, Old Fourth had come to a conclusion. Suddenly, his spirit stirred, and he sent out a mighty will. "Everyone, Fa Wuxian is now at his strongest, and also at his weakest. We have to kill him in one strike. Everyone, use your most powerful attacks to break this bottle gourd. Make Fa Wuxian's will completely disappear from the bottle gourd. Otherwise, if he recovers, we're all going to die."

At that moment, everyone came to their senses. They immediately unleashed all of their attacks towards the gourd. Just how many experts were there in the Human Realm and the billions of universes? How strong would they be if they joined forces? They could see it now.

Boundless light pierced through everything. Countless space-time was filled with power, and it was concentrated at one point.

Lou Baiyue and the others were shocked. "This level of attack, I'm afraid even our New World can't block it. If all living beings are united and truly join forces, it's truly terrifying. Is this the realm of all living beings being united?

Who would have thought that after so many years and countless methods, we still couldn't reach it. But now, with the existence of Fa Wuxian, all living beings can reach it in a short period of time. "

"From this, we can see how much of a failure Fa Wuxian is. He's too arrogant, and he doesn't give anyone a chance to live. Anyone with intelligence knows that if he gets the upper hand, they'll all die. That's why we have to kill him.

To be able to do this, it's really amazing. Does he really think that he can rely on his own strength to devour the heavens, devour everything? "Wen Hong looked at Fa Wuxian in disdain.

"That's right, Fa Wuxian is indeed not clear-headed. However, Chensha is also amazing. Through humiliation, he made him lose his rationality. His remaining thoughts were destroyed, and all that's left is hatred, devouring, and destruction. Now, he's walking on a dead end." Jin Suibo also saw some clues.

At this time, who knows how many attacks fell into the gourd. At the start, Fa Wuxian's remnant will was still devouring, but as his strength was weakened, his will was continuously cleansed, and in the end, he let out a miserable scream.

"Gu Chensha, I curse you, I want you to die. All living beings in the world, I curse you to be destroyed. I am immortal, and I will return. When I return, you will be your doomsday. One day, I will resurrect and personally end everything." Fa Wuxian's final curse came out from the gourd.

Then, the gourd suddenly lost control, and as it exploded, it fell into the cracks of the universe, and then disappeared.

"Fa Wuxian is dead. He was completely annihilated by our combined attacks. Now, his gourd has disappeared. Clearly, it has fallen into the depths of the universe. We have to find it. Whoever finds it first will immediately reach the Invincible Undying Realm." Someone roared, chasing after the gourd's falling trajectory. Following this, all of the experts went to search. This sort of temptation was not something that any magic treasure could compare to. Swish, swish, swish …

Like a swarm of bees, countless experts rushed to the location where the gourd had landed, but none of them could find it. Then, they spread out to search, and the gourd disappeared, and no one knew where it had gone.

Three days and three nights later, the chaos finally calmed down. In the chaos, countless living beings died, and countless spaces were destroyed. Thousands of universes exploded and disappeared.

The calamity caused by Fa Wuxian would be remembered for generations to come, and people would feel their hair stand on end when they thought about it. Everything was so fragile. But in the end, Fa Wuxian died. This was also a great event that everyone rejoiced and danced in joy.

After that, the great search also filled many people with hope, because they knew that as long as they found him, they would become one of the strongest experts in the world.

"Things have calmed down. However, I don't know where that gourd went. I used my own cultivation to make deductions and saw through many universes, but I couldn't see the shadow of that gourd at all. Logically speaking, such a powerful gourd should more or less have some fluctuations, but it just disappeared into thin air," said Wen Hong.

With his current cultivation base, he could see through the layers of universes, and even the thoughts of the living beings in the universes, but he could not see the gourd.

Right now, his cultivation base could be said to be invincible below the Undying Realm. Even the Fourth Gu Huasha was not a match for him, because he had cultivated to the Heavenly Dao Realm under the rules of the new world, and was thousands of times stronger than the Heavenly Dao of ordinary universes. But he could not find the location of the gourd.

"That gourd is indeed in the Invincible Deathless Realm. In the final attack, countless living beings and countless universes were united against a common enemy, and were filled with the desire to kill Fa Wuxian. All of that power gathered together and eventually refined the gourd into the Invincible Deathless Realm."

Lou Baiyue said, "Even with my cultivation base, it is difficult to see the existence of the gourd. The gourd has an innate ability to hide, but those who are fated might be able to obtain it. I believe that Chensha definitely has a plan, and he will definitely be able to find the owner of the gourd and make him accept the ideals of our new world. As long as he purifies this person, he will be able to purify countless living beings, and in the battle against Mister Undying and the others, he will be able to gain the upper hand. On the contrary, if Mister Undying obtains this person, things will be troublesome. "

"Let's not care about the gourd, and do what we can. We will bring the person who has cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra into the new world, and then start to spread the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and fight against Mister Undying." Zhuge Ya knew what he had to do.

"Alright, it's over."

In the void, Gu Chensha looked at Mister Undying and the others, but he did not kill them immediately, because he knew that he could not kill them now. "Look, this is the result of devouring all things, and in the end, all living beings were united against a common enemy, and Fa Wuxian was destroyed.

When you were first born, you wanted to devour all living beings, right? But now that you have seen this, do you feel that it is inappropriate, and so you have changed your ways? " What happened to Fa Wuxian was a lesson for Mister Undying and the others. Fa Wuxian wantonly devoured the universe, and in the end, he was counterattacked, and died. If Mister Undying and the others had done the same, their fates would not have been much better.

"Gu Chensha, we will not speak to you now, but one day, you will definitely regret your current thoughts."

With a flash, Mister Undying and the others disappeared. Initially, Gu Chensha could have stopped them, but he had no intention of doing so.

Looking at how Mister Wu Wu and the others had left, Gu Chensha chuckled and disappeared as well. Next, he descended upon a gigantic cosmos. This cosmos was a hybrid cosmos. When Fa Wu Xian exploded, many cosmos had collided and fused together.

In the process of killing Fa Wuxian, it had a deep impact on the universe. Many universes collapsed and fused together, forming bigger and more complicated universes.

The universe that Gu Dusha had landed in was made up of hundreds of universes fused together to form a single entity. Due to its huge size, it attracted other universes to start drawing closer and merging with it. It was like a rolling snowball that grew bigger and bigger.

This was like many bubbles coming together to form a big bubble, and the big bubble would fuse with even more small bubbles to form an even bigger bubble.

Because of this, there were many changes in this universe, and in these changes, there were many opportunities.

Others might not be able to divine where the undying realm gourd was, but Gu Chensha could. The gourd was hidden in this chaotic universe with many opportunities.

This was the instinct of the gourd. The gourd wanted to be reborn, and it also had Fa Wuxian's imprint.