Chapter 293
===========

No matter how they fought internally, the barbarians would always be their greatest enemy. This was the thinking of the Department of Tranquility.

The entire Department of Tranquility was very clear-headed. They could not give the barbarians a chance just because of internal strife. Zhuge Ya saw this very clearly, and his strategy was the same.

"Our biggest obstacle now is the Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos."

Liu Yu also led the troops to fight, killing everywhere. With the five of them working together, no barbarian expert could stand up to them. "I heard that Yuan Shasheng has cultivated to the Great Dao Golden Core not long ago and is contacting the demon experts in the Demonic Ape Temple. He even invited a few old apes. I'm afraid they will come at any time and destroy our land."

"The apes are one of the strongest races among the demons. The Demonic Ape God used to be a demon too, but he later became an evil god of the evil god camp. However, he has a deep relationship with the apes. They have worked together many times to attack humans," Lou Huaiyue said.

Lou Huaiyue voiced his opinion. "With our current strength, if it was only Yuan Shasheng, we would have taken down the Divine Temple long ago."

Yuan Shasheng had many trump cards, but Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue's current cultivation base was terrifying. If the two of them joined forces, without the help of the Fiend God, even ten Demonic Ape Temples of Chaos could be leveled. But if the apes were added to the equation, it would be hard to say. The apes were demons. When the Demonic Ape God was still around, they had protected the temple. Now that Gu Chensha wanted to attack, the old apes would come out to suppress them.

Rumor had it that some of the old apes had undying bodies. These old apes were very terrifying, and the Department of Tranquility was very wary of them. Among the demons, the apes were almost the most powerful race.

Some immortal cultivators even knew that at their peak, the apes had been even stronger than the Black Heaven Earth Gate. Throughout history, the demons from the apes had all shaken the heavens and stirred up chaos. In the ancient times, the apes had even challenged the emperor and been suppressed.

Even Demon Saint Li Wanlong had treated the apes with respect. He had not meddled in their affairs, nor had he controlled them completely.

To flatten the Demonic Ape Temple and kill the ape barbarians, they had to challenge the enormous demon race, the apes. The Department of Tranquility's current strength was far from enough.

"Our real enemies should be the Barbarian Tribe and the Ape Tribe."

Zhuge Ya returned the report to Long Zaifei. "Based on the reports from the past few days, the Barbarians have mobilized their troops, indicating that the Yao are attempting to counterattack.

In these three to four years, the Barbarian Race can be said to have been defeated again and again. They have lost a large amount of land, and the area of tens of thousands of miles outside the pass has been occupied. The imperial court has even built the capital city outside the pass, and many temples have been broken through. The Barbarian Race has endured this for a very long time. " "Even if I were a barbarian, I wouldn't be able to take it."

Gu Chensha nodded. "Mister Zhuge, it's mainly about you. The most important thing right now is for you to fuse the Seven Star Profound Meaning. I'm just worried that this matter will be the breaking point. Right now, Wu Dangkong is stirring up trouble in the imperial court, Gu Tanjian has ulterior motives, the aristocratic families are getting restless, the Mystical Immortal Dao Sect is filled with hatred, and the reincarnated Xing Chen is hiding everywhere.

If Mister Zhuge fuses the Seven Star Profound Meaning, the stars will tremble, and strange phenomena will appear, I'm afraid that the situation will explode, creating a situation that will be hard to deal with. "

"That's inevitable." Zhuge Ya was also very serious. "With my intelligence, even I don't know what the situation will be like."

After Zhuge Ya fuses the Seven Star Profound Meaning, his aptitude will far surpass Fa Wuxian. This will not be tolerated by the ghosts and deities of heaven and earth, and there will definitely be a great calamity.

"Should we make the first move and attack the Barbarian Race first?" The Fourth suggested. "This way, we can disperse the Barbarian Race's plan." "I think so too."

Zhuge Ya pointed with his finger. "However, I can no longer suppress the Seven Star Profound Meaning in my sea of consciousness. I think, at most in a month's time, the Seven Star Profound Meaning will automatically fuse with my primordial spirit." "Time is pressing, we have to plan everything well."

Gu Chensha's eyes were sharp. "Next, we have to spy on the Barbarian Race and Demon Race's movements. Since Que Ying 'er returned without any results, she will definitely make a comeback." "I have long wanted to sweep through the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple."

Long Zaifei rubbed his palms. "I led the army to patrol the borders of my fief, and we would often encounter harassment from the Demonic Apes. The army is still fine as they have armor to protect themselves, but the commoners and adventurers can't resist at all. They are captured and killed. Some of the more powerful Demonic Apes even use their souls to refine treasures. "

"It seems like the Demonic Ape Race and Barbarian Race are about to attack, and this is just a test."

Shi Zhongchan expressed his opinion. "My father also sent a message. Ever since the Emperor went into seclusion and Wu Dangkong became the Upper Study Supervisor, the Barbarian Race has started to move. Many Barbarian Kings, Barbarian Sovereigns, and Barbarian Emperors have started to contact each other. Their great counterattack is about to begin." "Everyone, prepare yourselves."

Zhuge Ya already had a plan. With a wave of his hand, a resplendent starlight condensed into a huge three-dimensional map in front of everyone.

This map included the surroundings of the Desolate Land and the Divine Continent. It was vivid and lifelike, and there were even people coming and going like ants.

"The Universe Palm!"

Lou Baiyue was astonished. "Rumor has it that a Sage can contain the world's situation and future changes in a single palm. Could it be that you have such an ability?"

"Although I have a hundred percent chance of reaching the Sage Realm, I don't have such an ability. The Universe Palm can only observe the distribution of all living beings in the world, but not their past and future."

Zhuge Ya said, "I can communicate with the stars and make use of the reaction of the starlight. The seven stars hang in the sky, illuminating the world with their light. They are equivalent to my eyes, so I don't need to go out to know the world's situation and changes."

"Impressive, impressive." Gu Chensha couldn't help but sigh. With such a talent in the Calming Immortal Department, why would they be afraid of Fa Wuxian?

Moreover, once Zhuge Ya completely integrated the Seven Star Profound Meaning, he would be much more powerful.

"Look, this is the situation at the border."

Zhuge Ya turned his palm slightly, and the three-dimensional map of the starlight expanded, becoming a mirror image of the border of his fief.

At the border, Demonic Qi was boiling. Many Barbarian soldiers were chopping down trees and building something in the forest.

There were also Barbarian experts using their Innate Stellar Energy to cultivate altars and build formations for the soldiers.

"These Barbarian experts are all mobilized. It's a bit scary."

Gu Chensha looked carefully and discovered that in the depths of the Desolate forest around his fief, there were indeed many brilliant Barbarian cultivators moving. They built altars, absorbed Spiritual Qi, refined talismans, and set up killing formations. They seemed to be preparing for a large-scale attack.

"If the Barbarians attack, do we defend or retreat?"

Shi Zhongchan asked. "It seems that the Barbarians' counterattack this time is extremely fierce, and it's clearly aimed at our fief. It's not a large-scale battle, but a concentrated attack. This will change the way we fought in the past. "

"There are also powerful people among the Berserkers. They know that the strongest fiefdom in Calming Immortal Department belongs to King Chen, and the situation in the imperial court is in chaos right now. If we attack that fiefdom, Wu Zhangkong and Gu Shengjian will not provide reinforcements. Instead, they will hit us when we are down. Even some people from Celestial Path Sect will try to rob us. "

Zhuge Ya said, "But we can't retreat. If we do, we will become a target. Luckily, I have the idea to use myself as bait to make them fight one another." "I will head around to take a look."

Gu Chensha stood up and said, "The barbarians are coming at us ferociously. We might not be able to defend against them. Why don't we assassinate them first and make them panic? At the same time, I will kill the demonic barbarians and collect their souls. That way, I can refine many puppets."

Gu Chensha had cultivated to the 14th transformation and his soul left his body. He knew the secrets of the soul power and he had a deep understanding of the soul. He finally knew why the soul was so important to the Dao and also to the gods. Souls were the common currency.

Using souls to worship the heavens, after the Dao collected it, it would give back all sorts of things.

Using souls to worship the heavens, after the gods collected it, they would also give rewards and buffs. All of this showed how useful the soul was to the Dao and the gods.

Even now, after cultivating to the 13th transformation, Demon and Ghost Swallowing, one could refine the soul to replenish one's mind and raise mental power. Mortal Realm people used the five grains, blood, and flesh.

After cultivating to the 1st transformation, Eating Energy and Fasting, one could absorb the spiritual energy of heaven and earth. After reaching the 13th transformation, Demon and Ghost Swallowing, one could eat souls. From a certain point of view, eating human souls was actually the work of the Demonic Dao.

As for the cultivators of the Immortal Dao, most of them bitterly meditated and revolved their spiritual sea to increase their psyche force. The efficiency was extremely slow and it took a long time. As for the Demonic Dao, they took the shortcut and directly devoured the souls of others, refining them into their spiritual sea to increase their psyche force. One's dantian stored Xiantian Energy. The human brain's sea of consciousness stored spiritual energy.

If one used up all the Xiantian Energy, one's dantian would be empty. At such a time, one would have to absorb spiritual energy once more and circulate one's bloodline to refine Xiantian Energy in one's meridians and inject it into the depths of one's dantian to fill it up.

Using the same logic, after one's mental power and soul power was used up, one's consciousness would be empty. At such a time, it would be tough for one to even think and one would be in a blurry state. One had to rest to slowly recover and then nourish one's mind.

For example, when Gu Chensha used his primordial spirit to activate Buzhou Palace, it also consumed a lot of primordial spirit power. After creating many treasures, his consciousness would become blurry and he would need a long time to recover.

However, if he could devour the souls of others and refine them into elixirs that could replenish the primordial spirit, he could recover instantly. The Black Yellow Pill was like that.

Not only could the Black Yellow Pill instantly recover Xiantian Energy, it could also instantly recover one's primordial spirit power. This was the power of the Great Wei Dynasty's Black Yellow Dragon Emperor.

Moreover, using one's primordial spirit to refine treasures was much more exquisite than using Xiantian Energy to refine treasures.

Of course, devouring souls could only replenish one's primordial spirit and not expand one's consciousness. Once one's consciousness was full, devouring souls would be useless.

Only the Heavenly God Light from before and the increase in cultivation level could expand one's consciousness.

Of course, if an extremely skilled cultivator gathered a large number of souls and refined them, they could still expand one's consciousness by burning them with some kind of powerful flame. The Seven Sage Heart Cultivation Pill could also expand one's consciousness and consciousness.