Chapter 513
===========

Gu Chensha was stuck at the Twenty-Three Transformations, "Past Reflection". It was indeed very difficult for him to improve, but he was not in a hurry. He steadily forged ahead, accumulating his strength and resources bit by bit through various methods.

Activating the world energy of the Life's Wish sphere to fight against the Peerless Heavenly Book was equivalent to a battle between gods. Not only did Gu Chensha obtain a lot of experience, but with Zhuge Ya's arrangements, he also obtained the Seventy-Two Divine Continent Grand Arts. As long as he carefully comprehended them, he would be millions of times more powerful than the likes of Jing Qiu and Dou Nineteen.

Of course, even the Ninety-Nine Divine Continent Grand Arts were definitely not as brilliant as the Son of Heaven Investiture Art and the Great God Massacre Art. But it was the greatest help to Gu Chensha, because Gu Chensha had just comprehended the secrets of the Divine Continent and built a small Divine Continent.

The land of the Divine Continent had nurtured countless tyrannical figures. Since ancient times, it had been the accumulation of luck between heaven and earth. If Xing Qiong Shi hadn't comprehended the deepest secrets of the Divine Continent, he wouldn't have become the Divine Continent's Fiercest.

Although the Celestial Tranquility Department didn't obtain the Peerless Heavenly Book this time, it had really made a huge profit.

The knowledge contained within the Seventy-Two Divine Continent Grand Arts was enough to raise Gu Chensha's experience to a whole new level.

Immediately, Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya began to comprehend the Seventy-Two Divine Continent Grand Arts they obtained from Xing Qianxiong.

Gu Chensha's body suddenly dispersed, and like a scroll slowly unfurling, it turned into the Ninety-Nine Divine Continent Grand Arts of the Divine Continent. He activated it with his Heavenly Dao Art, and it was vivid in his mind.

Then, the Ninety-Nine Divine Continent Grand Arts began to change from the Primordial Era. Gradually, humans appeared, countries were established, wars were fought, divisions were united, turmoil, divisions, wars were fought again, unification was again, and the cycle was endless.

Gu Chensha seemed to be activating the changes, and he was playing out the changes of history and all kinds of impermanence in the world, changing unpredictably.

He performed it seventy-two times, and the changes were not complete. However, Gu Chensha could no longer perform it.

This was because he only obtained the Seventy-Two Divine Continent Grand Arts. These were all Xing Qiong Shi's understanding and comprehension of the Divine Continent.

After seventy-two revolutions, Gu Chensha returned to his original appearance. Three months had passed. It felt like an instant.

When he came back to his senses, he couldn't believe it. He had just used the Great Divine Prefecture Technique once, and three months had passed. He felt that it had disappeared in an instant. If it revolved a few dozen more times, wouldn't that mean that dozens of years would be gone?

When he activated the Great Divine Continent Technique, he almost could not feel the passage of time. This was another extreme.

In the mortal world, time changed extremely quickly. In a few months, people might be born, grow old, get sick, and die. In ten years, people would change. Cultivation was too time-consuming.

However, in these three months, he had practiced the seventy-two layers of the Divine Land's Law once. Gu Chensha felt that he seemed to have grasped the key point of an anomaly. He was about to break through some kind of barrier, break the shackles, and become an anomaly, but he was just a little bit away. Becoming a Divergent was also a way to resist the Heavenly Dao.

Even a Sage with the deepest cultivation base could not resist the Heavenly Dao's Call sooner or later. In the end, he would be melted into the Dao.

Only an anomaly could break through to the highest realm and become an existence like the Three Great Celestial Venerables. The most recent anomaly was the Martial Emperor. As for Jing Qiu, he was still miles away.

After Gu Chensha comprehended the seventy-two layers of the Divine Prefecture Law, his horizons were broadened, and he was no longer the same as before. In the past, he thought that Jing Qiu could comprehend the divergent, but now he felt that he was just fishing for the moon in the water.

Jing Qiu's Dao was a little off. If this continued, it would be very difficult to comprehend the anomaly.

And he had gained a lot of experience, especially the Great Divine Prefecture Technique that Xing Qiong Shi, the King of Anomalies, had painstakingly created. In these three months, although his realm did not increase, and he still had not reached the realm of Past Reflection, his horizons, usage of the Heavenly Dao, construction of the Small Divine Province, and resistance to the Heavenly Dao's Call had improved greatly.

"The construction of the Small Divine Province is getting better."

After waking up from his cultivation, Gu Chensha hurriedly began to accept a lot of information. He wanted to see how the world had changed.

On the surface, the world seemed to be changing with each passing day, and it was thriving. In reality, there were turbulent undercurrents that could change the world at any time. Gu Chensha was afraid that when he was in seclusion, the world would collapse.

Fortunately, nothing had happened in these three months. Under Jin Suibo's construction, the Small Divine Province was being managed better and better. Many Sect Leaders of the Immortal Dao Mystic Sects had begun to call on their friends, and transferred the resources and outstanding disciples of their sects to the Small Divine Province.

The Eastern Wilderness was extremely far from the sea where the Small Divine Province was located. But because the Calming Immortal Department had created a space ring, people could be placed in the space first, and then experts above the Twenty Transformations could fly. Going back and forth was not very slow.

Experts who had cultivated the Twenty Transformations, "Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence", had no problem flying across the sea.

As for the Human-Dragon Union, the moment Gu Chensha's main body woke up, he immediately received the information sent by his incarnation. That incarnation did not have much power, but it was also of the Heavenly Dao quality. It had done many things while hiding its transformation, and it had already helped the Human-Dragon Union to grow bigger and bigger, and become a climate in the Sin Province.

There was nothing much happening in the other worlds. The Fourth Gu Huasha was still in contact with the ministers in the imperial court. With the production of the Tree of Desire, he had roped in many officials and ministers, forming an alliance, and swore to the sphere that they would maintain the peace and harmony of the world.

Lou Baiyue, on the other hand, had expanded the academy and nurtured many talents. They had also begun to gain experience in various places. They were either manufacturing, serving as the assistants of officials, running chambers of commerce among the people, creating medical centers, schools, and so on.

The talents of the Common People's Wish Academy had already begun to infiltrate all walks of life in the world. And the Dragon Nurturing Mantra had also begun to spread.

The influence of the Celestial Pacification Department was flourishing with each passing day, and it had already formed a certain kind of general trend. Be it in the mystical sects of the immortal dao or in the mortal world, it had already presented a surging torrent that was unstoppable.

In the imperial court, there were even some people who believed that the Celestial Pacification Department was the true mainstay of the imperial court, and it had already surpassed the Celestial Designer Academy.

After all, no matter how powerful the Celestial Designer Academy was, it was impossible for them to create the Dragon Nurturing Mantra and the Dragon Creation Mantra.

These two mantra were heaven-defying actions. While those who cultivated them could change their aptitude, they would definitely encounter many tribulations in the future.

However, tribulations were not a bad thing. They were a means to train people. The more tribulations one encountered, the stronger one would become after transcending them.

For example, those who had comprehended a Divergent would face endless tribulations in the future. It was practically a tribulation with every step they took.

"Thank goodness, thank goodness. Nothing went wrong. The world has given me another three months to develop." Gu Chensha was now on guard against the collapse of the general trend at all times. Thankfully, the Devil Calamity had yet to erupt.

This was thanks to his arrangements. He used the power of the Human Dragon Society and the Buddhist Sect to purify all the demons in the Sin Province. He had also used a scheme to let Xing Qianxiong enter the Demon Domain and slaughter wantonly, once again delaying the Devil Calamity.

If Xing Qianxiong wanted to use Jiang Qi's bloodline to obtain the World Burying Coffin, he would need a large number of souls and flesh as sacrifices. He did not dare to kill innocents in the Divine Great Land, so he could only enter the Demon Domain and hunt demons. This way, it would also have a certain effect on delaying the Devil Calamity.

Back then, in order to cultivate a secret technique, Dou Nineteen had used the Emperor's Gourd and 360 Emperor's Heavenly Soldiers to kill countless demons in the Demon Domain, harvesting their souls and flesh. This had also caused some damage to the Demon Domain and delayed the Devil Calamity. Unfortunately, all of his things had been taken away by Gu Chensha, and he had suffered greatly.

Now, Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya wanted to use the same trick again. They wanted Xing Qianxiong to kill demons and then accept everything from him.

Xing Qianxiong was a Deity rank expert through and through. After swallowing the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, his ferocity was unparalleled, and his killing speed was countless times faster than Dou Nineteen.

Gu Chensha had been cultivating for three months, and he had no idea how many demons Xing Qianxiong had killed. This matter was something that Zhuge Ya had been observing.

"Strange, during these three months, Gu Tanjian, Wu Dangkong, Martial Emperor, and the nine Deity rank experts of the Wu Clan did not come to look for me."

Gu Chensha had many responsibilities, and he had transformed into Wudang Xing to contact various parties. Originally, during these three months, there should have been people looking for him.

The one who wanted to look for him the most should be Gu Tanjian. He had discussed with Gu Tanjian to use the curse to plot against Martial Emperor.

However, three months had passed, and Gu Tanjian had not moved at all. What was this fellow thinking? Or was he absolutely not confident?

After a Martial Emperor comprehended a Divergent, his cultivation would increase at an unimaginable speed. If he was too late, not only would the other party recover his strength, but he would also improve further. By then, it would be difficult to deal with him. He might even be killed by the Martial Emperor.

Back then, when the Martial Emperor was at his peak, he was at the peak of the 36 Transformations, but he was not a Divergent. Therefore, he was eliminated in the end.

If he had comprehended a Divergent and surpassed the 36 Transformations realm, the outcome of the Martial Emperor Dynasty would be hard to predict.

"I will find a chance to ask Gu Tanjian or probe him in secret."

Gu Chensha thought to himself, "However, this is also one of my plans. The crux of this plan is for Gu Tanjian to obtain the Ancestral Sorcerer Bone Slab and use it to activate the curse with The Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor.

"I can only communicate with the Martial Emperor and trick him. The most important thing now is to wait for Gu Tanjian to take the bait. It's better to go to the island and create a Small Divine Province. I have comprehended the Seventy-Two Divine Provinces. If I reconstruct the Small Divine Province, I will definitely be able to reach a higher level. This is the righteous path of a king. Schemes and tricks will be inferior."

Gu Chensha was clear that his Heavenly Dao Technique had endless transformations. He could swindle people everywhere to obtain benefits. However, this was not the righteous path after all.

The righteous path was to operate and build in an upright manner, gathering Luck and bringing forth ideas to sweep through the world.

Since ancient times, no one in the secular world had ever heard of anyone who had relied on schemes and tricks to conquer the world. Only by sweeping through the world in an upright manner would people be convinced.

It was the same for the Celestial Dao's Mystic Gate. Even though the three Heavenly Venerables had many schemes, they had recruited disciples, refined worlds, controlled the Mystic Gate, and killed powerful enemies one after another to reach their current position.