Chapter 793
===========

"Here's our chance."

The Great Spirit God watched as Gu Chensha crumbled in the face of the Chiliocosm Primeval Dragon Lightning, and knew that his plan had succeeded.

"Even with this kid's ever-changing body and indestructible soul, he won't be able to withstand a single blow from an attack like this.

This is the power of a chiliocosm of worlds. If we face it, we'll die. Even our discarnate souls won't be able to escape.

He definitely won't die, but he'll definitely be seriously injured. This is our chance to seize the essence. "Prehistoric Man stroked his beard, a smile on his face.

"As long as we don't get rid of him, we'll never have a day of peace."

The Great Spirit God was ready. "You're right. We'll definitely die if we run into this lightning. Even the Yore-Wilds Dragon Sect at its peak could only unleash it three times. Now, it can only unleash it once.

If this kid doesn't die from it, he's far stronger than we are. You can see that he's on the verge of becoming a Saint. If he does, we won't be a match for him. Even if I fuse the Primeval Heart-Devil with the Voodoo Ancestor's side land, it'll be useless.

Once he becomes a Saint, we won't be able to escape unless we reach the Heaven Primal level. Defeating him is just wishful thinking. " "This kid is a freak, and so is Lord of the Sun-Moon Gu Tiansha," Prehistoric Man said.

"Once we take his essence, we'll join forces to subjugate Wan Senshi, Patriarch Heaven and Earth, the immortal lord, and the three celestials. What do you think?"

"That alliance is no small matter. Even if we both reach the Heaven Primal level, we still won't be able to subjugate it. Patriarch Heaven and Earth controls the Desolate Heart, and the immortal lord controls the One God System. At its peak, it could challenge the Emperor Heaven Emperor and replace him. Then it could take control of the dao of heaven and replace it. Even though it's severely damaged, with less than one ten-thousandth of its original power, it'll still be difficult to fight.

In addition, Wan Senshi had secretly communicated with the immortal world and was working with its essence.

Once activated, it would also be a huge trump card. There was no need to even mention the three Heavenly Venerables. They had signed an agreement with the Primordial Mist Tree, and their cultivation was not inferior to yours or mine. If they activated all of their means, they would be extremely terrifying. However, because the Heavenly Dao was about to collapse, the future situation would be extremely complicated.

"That's why none of them are willing to use their true reserve powers. Don't be fooled by the fact that they're fighting Gu Chensha so fiercely. The truth is that none of the old-timers have been forced into desperate straits. Furthermore, Gu Chensha knows that he won't force them too hard. He'll just slowly erode them."

The Great Spirit God waved his hand. "I'm good at scheming, but it's beyond my power to infiltrate the alliance of these old antiques.

Why don't we work with Lord Sun-Moon Gu Tiansha? If we can devour him, it won't be too late for us to wipe out these old-timers. " "That's the only thing we can do," Yang Qi said.

"Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, had his Quintessence and cultivation base devoured by this Gu Chensha. Right now, he's recovering from his injuries, and he's trying to get in touch with the experts of the various great chiliocosm of worlds. He's building up his power and gathering faith." "Lord Sun-Moon Gu Tiansha's essence has been devoured," the Great Spirit God said.

The Mighty Miracle God said, "His quintessence is an existence produced by the entanglement of the ancient Immortal Treading and the Heavenly Dao. It's impossible for it to be born again. When others lose their quintessence, they can slowly extract it from the primal chaos and slowly recover it. However, the primal chaos doesn't contain such a thing.

That's why once a portion is gone, it'll forever be gone. This kid's ferocity will forever be reduced a little. "

The Great Spirit God and Yang Qi were communicating telepathically. In the blink of an eye, the Chiliocosm Primordial Draconic Lightning descended, engulfing Gu Chensha. As it swept through, everything was reduced to nothingness. Gu Chensha had also completely disappeared, as if he had perished.

In the depths of the Untainted Dragon Gate, a storm rose up and spread outwards. Finally, a huge tremor erupted. A disaster had descended. The interior of the Untainted Dragon Gate seemed to have undergone a fundamental structural change. The sin and dragon qi that were originally contained mixed together and turned into a paste. It returned to the era before the chaos was developed, before the Big Bang. The Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate underwent a major reshuffle.

"Now's the time. Attack!"

The Great Spirit God roared in the face of the tempest created by the Chiliocosm Primordial Draconic Lightning. "That's where the kid disappeared.

He will definitely gather and be reborn. We will take advantage of the moment when he is reborn to seize his essence and divide it among us. " Old Man Desolation also rushed over. The two of them had already reached the place where Gu Chensha had disappeared. Sure enough, an aura suddenly emerged from this place, about to condense into a physical form. It was Gu Chensha's aura.

"Good lad."

When Mighty Miracle God saw Gu Chensha's situation, the fear on his face intensified. However, he didn't show any mercy. Suddenly, he unleashed a ferocious attack. A talisman appeared in front of him. On the talisman, there was a small sword and a small saber. The sword and saber crossed each other, forming a killing formation.

"Limitless Sword, Limitless Saber."

At this moment, Yang Qi's heart trembled. "These are the two most powerful treasures of the Endless Thirty-Six Treasures. They are specialized in battle and killing.

This talisman was formed by absorbing the essence of the sword and saber. When it is used, it is equivalent to the full power of the Limitless Sword and Limitless Saber.

Although the saber and the sword are not in the hands of the Great Spirit God, he seems to know where they are, and can even contact them and borrow their power?

If that's the case, it seems like the reincarnated person of the Limitless Sword and Limitless Saber has appeared? Who is it?

I might be able to find him, capture him, and snatch his fate and treasures. Breaking through to the next realm will be an instant. " The talisman appeared. The saber and sword slashed. It twisted towards Gu Chensha, who had just formed a body!

Gu Chensha's body immediately dissipated, and he could no longer reform. Instead, he turned into a large amount of essence that escaped in all directions.

"Hahahaha!" When the Great Spirit God saw this, he immediately laughed. "Even if you are as cunning as a ghost, after being slashed by the Limitless Saber and Limitless Sword, you will be heavily injured once again. I will be able to use this source energy for my own use! Absorb! " Wu wu wu

In an instant, the Great Spirit God's body turned into a huge vortex. This vortex changed violently, and it was about to absorb Gu Chensha's source energy.

At this time, Yang Qi was also absorbing, and the two of them were about to divide Gu Chensha's source energy.

In a few breaths' time, Gu Chensha's scattered source energy was completely divided by the Great Spirit God and Yang Qi.

The two of them gathered the source energy in their bodies, and were about to refine it, when they suddenly realized that what they were absorbing was not source energy, but a type of sin!

"Ahhh!"

Yang Qi was the first to scream. His body was covered in black gas, and his expression was miserable. It was as if he had entered a cultivation deviation, and he was hysterical.

He bared his fangs and brandished his claws, and he was on the verge of insanity. Streams of energy burst out of his body, and it seemed like his own source energy was flowing away.

"Abandon Self!"

At the most crucial moment, Yang Qi's body moved, and the essence energy in his body began to burn. His original body turned into ashes, and a cloud of green smoke came out of the ashes. The green smoke condensed into a body that fled into the depths of the abyss. The ashes wriggled, and in the end, they turned into Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha's expression was the same as ever. "I can turn sin into virtue, and at the same time, I can turn virtue into sin. You actually want to devour my source energy? Aren't you courting death?

The Great Spirit God, you devoured my source energy, and now you're feeling good. Give me your source energy as well! " Rumble! A huge explosion appeared on The Great Spirit God's body.

"Brat, you win!"

Just like Yang Qi, The Great Spirit God's body burned up and turned into ashes. Freed from his suffering, he released Gu Chensha's source energy and fled.

This was an extremely powerful secret art called the Way of Liberation from Chaos. It was the most powerful art that Yang Qi and The Great Spirit God had comprehended in the Dragon Gate of Chaos.

"The Great Spirit God, do you want to leave?"

Gu Chensha's source energy condensed again, and his essence seemed to have been reborn. "Yang Qi can leave, but you can't. If it weren't for the Chiliocosm Primordial Dragon Lightning, I wouldn't have been able to cultivate my Saint Heart of Truth, and I wouldn't have been able to upgrade the Divine Prefecture Gourd to another level. Right now, the Divine Prefecture Gourd is no weaker than any of the Endless Treasures.

The Chiliocosm Primordial Dragon Lightning is good stuff. It's the best way to refine my body and treasures.

I have to thank you for your arrangements. Of course, these arrangements were all within my expectations. Now that I've become a Saint, my Saint Heart of Truth is unprecedentedly powerful, and its essence even surpasses the Heart of Infinity. This is all thanks to you. I have to refine you into the Divine Prefecture Gourd. Make you repent in the end, and reward you. "

As he spoke, Gu Chensha's body moved slightly, and the Divine Prefecture Gourd appeared above his head again.

At this moment, the Divine Prefecture Gourd could no longer be seen. It was between existence and non-existence. It was thousands of times smaller than a speck of dust. It seemed to be just a thought.

With a slight expansion, it became as tall as a person. Its color was chaotic, and a perfect divine prefecture seemed to be condensing in the depths of the gourd.

In the center of the perfect divine prefecture was the Sin Province. However, the Sin Province in the perfect divine prefecture was no longer a demonic domain, but a capital city, the center of the entire divine prefecture.

At the very center of the Sin Province was a palace. In the depths of the palace, there was a throne. That was the throne of Emperor Heaven. This was the perfect divine prefecture in Gu Chensha's heart. appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy)