Chapter 306
===========

"North Star Will is really strong. Since it occupies the core of the Heaven Monster Book, we can't do anything to it." Xuanwu Baby said, "After all, it has exceeded the four beasts and is the ancestor of all monsters." "That is just a matter of time."

Lou Baiyue looked around, "Xuanwu, now you have a partner. Vermillion Bird will play with you. The two of you are one fire and one water. Cultivating with each other will give you the best nourishment." "Roar roar roar, fun, fun." Xuanwu Baby went to play with Vermillion Bird.

Vermillion Bird scoffed and flew up to stand on Xuanwu Baby's head. Xuanwu Baby tried to bite but Vermillion Bird dodged it. The two beasts were having a lot of fun playing.

Vermillion Bird and Xuanwu were water and fire opposites. If the two beasts crafted treasures, any material could be broken down and refined.

Especially metal ores. If Vermillion Bird and Xuanwu refined them, they could produce a metal essence that was even higher than metal essence. The so-called "Metal Essence" was equivalent to something close to the Laws of Metal.

Gu Chensha looked at the Vermillion Bird and Black Tortoise babies that were playing around and couldn't help but think, "If I find the Azure Dragon baby, the White Tiger baby, and the North Star Will, I will be able to gather all the five elemental laws. That way, it will be perfect for refining my Common People Heaven Mending Technique." Since ancient times, no one had gathered all four beasts and North Star Will.

"There are still many things we need to do next. During the past few months, we've been cultivating in this fief. There are many things that the Celestial Calmness Department had to deal with. Now, we must do them."

Zhuge Ya said, "Also, this Common People's Wish ball needs us to constantly cultivate and familiarize ourselves with it. In the end, it will be made into our own and we will be able to use it as we please. This matter has to be completed by the two Ministers because the core will and Dao of Common People's Wish are the Common People's Heaven Mending Technique and the Common People's Heaven Reforming Technique. I will only assist from the side." "We know that."

Lou Baiyue nodded her head. "The 360 Heaven Mending God Generals have turned into Common Life God Generals. All of them are talented and have reached Dao Realm Transformation 14. This is also thanks to the numerous Monster Souls and treasures in the Sky Monster Book. Mr. Zhuge just needs to help us raise their cultivation."

"With so many puppets, it will be extremely difficult to upgrade them, unless you have a large number of souls and mountains of heavenly materials and earthly treasures."

Zhuge Ya sighed. "According to my plan, if we cultivate for another thirty years and completely master the Common People's Wish Sphere, with the power of the Celestial Tranquility Department, we would be able to catch up to the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. I wonder if they will give us that kind of time? "

After fusing with the Buzhou Palace and the Book of Heavenly Fey, the Life's Wish sphere had already become a supreme treasure. However, it was still a half-finished product. This was because the Book of Heavenly Fey had the North Star Will, Aunt Hu's Essence Soul, and even a few surviving ancient Fey souls hiding in the deepest depths.

If they wanted to completely control the Common People's Wish sphere, unless the North Star Will and Aunt Hu's will left, it would still be a problem.

This sphere had to be perfect and flawless. If they worked together, Zhuge Ya estimated that it would take at least thirty years. For cultivators, 30 years was like the blink of an eye, fleeting like the clouds in the eye. But to the world, it was enough to change dynasties. However, to outsiders, these words were simply unbelievable. How long had the Celestial Tranquility Department been established?

Just a few years. The Black Gate of Heaven and Earth had been established for tens of thousands of years. It had been established since the Primordial Era and had gone through many storms. Now that Zhuge Ya said that in thirty years, the Celestial Tranquility Department would be on par with the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth, who would believe him? But thinking about it, it really wasn't impossible.

As the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya could definitely cultivate to become a Sage, and a Sage King at that. As for the Vermilion Bird and the Black Tortoise, there was no need to even mention them. They were born extremely powerful, and with the passage of time, they would become something no one could compare to.

Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha's progress was even more rapid. Even Zhuge Ya didn't know how far they would grow.

Jin Suibo was already the Lord of Five Stars and had half the talent to become a Sage. In the future, if he was lucky enough, he would most likely become a Saint-level expert. Such potential was extremely frightening.

Zhuge Ya knew how terrifying this was. To his enemies, the Celestial Tranquility Department would grow stronger with each passing day. If they wanted to deal with them, they had to eliminate them as soon as possible. Otherwise, there would be no end to their troubles.

Now that the Death Exemption Talisman had been used, the Celestial Tranquility Department's greatest trump card was gone.

The Common People's Wish sphere was only a half-finished product. Although it could withstand the attacks of some old antiques, it was far from enough to deal with a Sage.

If the Black Heaven Earth Sect Master, Li Wanlong, and the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor attacked again, the Celestial Tranquility Department would most likely be completely destroyed.

Fortunately, the Death Exemption Talisman had resisted for several months. These Sages also knew that the Celestial Talisman Emperor was still around and didn't dare to act rashly.

One had to know that the Celestial Talisman Emperor was the most important government office of the imperial court. If it was destroyed, the Celestial Talisman Emperor could probably kill them at will.

"Let's cultivate again and consolidate our cultivation. Every bit of improvement counts."

Gu Chensha knew that his cultivation was the lowest among these people. He had to hurry up and improve again.

At that moment, a starlight talisman suddenly descended from the distance. It was a transmission talisman from the castle.

Lou Baiyue grabbed the talisman and understood. "Marquis Calming Sea has come to visit us. There's something urgent." "Not good!"

Zhuge Ya's eyebrows flashed fiercely. "Marquis Calming Sea's most important task is to guard the bottomless Sea of Sin in the center of the Divine Prefecture. The last time the world shook, the seal on the bottomless Sea of Sin was broken. I read that in the past two years, demons have appeared. Now that he has come to see us, it's possible that something big has happened in the bottomless Sea of Sin and he needs our help." His wisdom was profound and all-knowing, and he almost immediately deduced what was going on.

"Let's go see him together."

Gu Chensha didn't dare to slight Marquis Calming Sea. The eight great marquises of the imperial court were the cornerstones of the imperial court. They were unfathomable. Each of them had been personally promoted by the Celestial Talisman Emperor. They were not ordinary people. Zhuge Ya nodded and stood up with the others to meet Marquis Calming Sea in the living room.

At this moment, in the depths of the Heavenly Craftsman Institution, a small world was opened by someone using a supreme divine power. In that small world, two old men were playing chess while the other was watching.

Of the two people playing chess, one was the Heaven's Craft Institution's Ghost Axe, and the other was the Wu Clan's current Old Ancestor, who had the highest seniority.

Last time Ghost Axe had sent a letter to the Wu Clan, the Wu Clan ancestor had sent Wu Dangkong to the imperial palace and made her Imperial Concubine. As a result, the Wu Clan ancestor had been granted a thousand years of life. Crack! A chess piece fell into the eye of the chess board. He had lost the entire game.

The Wu Clan ancestor put down the chess piece and frowned. "Master Ghost Axe is truly formidable. I concede defeat."

"Old Wu, you must have been thinking about something else, causing you to be distracted. Otherwise, with your cultivation, you wouldn't necessarily be below me in calculating the chess game." Ghost Axe pointed at the void. "Were you distracted by the matter of the Calming Immortal Department?" "I didn't expect the Celestial Calmness Bureau to have the Lord of Seven Stars.

At this moment, the Lord of Seven Stars has fused with her primordial spirit and become the true monarch of the stars. Her future achievements are limitless.

Furthermore, the Celestial Calmness Bureau borrowed the power of the Death Exemption Talisman, fused with the Black Heaven Earth Gate's sect master, Li Wanlong, and the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor's attacks, and finally refined the Heavenly Demon Tome into a supreme treasure. The Celestial Calmness Bureau's momentum has been set. In time, your Celestial Craftsman Institution will be suppressed, "said the Wu Clan ancestor.

"Old Wu, there's no need to sow discord. We old fellows have lived for so many years. What haven't we seen?

Each generation has produced talented people, and they have dominated for hundreds of years. It's time to give way to the younger generation. "

The Divine Craftsman said, "Old Wu, what we need to do now is to see how the younger generation changes the world. Don't interfere with anything else. His Majesty agrees." "I'll just wait and see," said the Wu Clan ancestor.

The Wu Clan ancestor said, "But the Wu Clan and the Celestial Craftsman Institution have a lot of cooperation, so I hope you two can support us. After all, Wu Dangkong is the Imperial Concubine Bright chosen by His Majesty himself. If she comes into conflict with the Celestial Calmness Bureau, which side will the Celestial Craftsman Institution support?"

"Old Wu, you've forgotten again. Of course we won't help either side. This is all His Majesty's plan. We'll just stay out of it and do business."

Ghost Axe waved his hand. "I advise you not to get involved, Old Wu. Otherwise, when a calamity comes, it will be difficult to continue." "Calamity?"

The Wu Clan ancestor was stunned. "The Death Exemption Talisman can be used. That means His Majesty is still alive. If His Majesty is still alive, what calamity can befall the world?" "That's not something you and I can know," said Ghost Axe.

"The three of us are actually no different from true gods, but we still can't comprehend the mysteries of heaven and earth. Fortunately, His Majesty is ahead, so we just need to follow. There's no need to think too much."

"Many thanks. I still have some matters to attend to, so I'll take my leave now." The Wu Clan ancestor stood up.

"Take care."

Ghost Axe and Divine Craftsman watched as the Wu Clan ancestor tore through the void and left. They couldn't help but shake their heads.

"Old Craftsman, it seems to me that Old Wu is quite ambitious. He's already reached an agreement with some powerful entities."

Ghost Axe frowned. "He's obviously come here to probe us and see what we think of the Lord of Seven Stars of the Celestial Calmness Department."

"The Celestial Calmness Department relied on His Majesty's Death Exemption Talisman to survive the calamity. Now that the Lord of Seven Stars has pledged allegiance to them, they'll be unstoppable. Many of the old fogeys won't be able to hold themselves back." Divine Craftsman shook his head. "Given our cultivation bases, if we get involved, it won't be easy for us to deal with the consequences."

"That's right," said Ghost Axe. "The Lord of Seven Stars has enormous potential. His sudden appearance was accompanied by an enormous calamity. However, that calamity was neutralized by the Death Exemption Talisman. In the end, though, the calamity will still fall on His Majesty's head." "Is His Majesty afraid of a calamity like that?"

Divine Craftsman guessed. "From ancient times until now, a Saint's Tribulation is a peerless calamity. However, His Majesty can neutralize it with the snap of a finger. Let's see if His Majesty can establish an unprecedented Heavenly Law. "