Chapter 1002
============

Get Tricked Chapter 999: Get Tricked Bang! The power of the Human Realm Furnace was unable to deal with this terrifying will.

This terrifying will directly shattered the Human Realm Furnace and pounced towards Zhang Ziran and Zhang Yi Ren.

"Hahaha, finally found the chance." At this moment, a devouring power appeared. It was actually Fa Wuxian.

Even though Fa Wuxian's cultivation base was not as high as Zhang Ziran's, in the past thousand years, he had improved his devouring power to the extreme. Many of the powers in his body had also transformed into the "Immortal Level Eight Immortal Realm Immortal Realm" characteristic. It was just that he was not as pure as Zhang Ziran.

"Zhang Ziran, as the Human Ancestor, you have the destiny of the Mortal World. As the Mortal World expands, your cultivation base will rise as well. This is something I didn't expect. Originally, I wanted to devour you, but as your cultivation base improved, I couldn't do anything to you. But now, you're courting death."

Fa Wuxian roared and laughed maliciously, "Since you are going against this terrifying will, I will grab this chance and reap the benefits. Devour! None of the arts, none of the celestials! " Rumble!

The huge devouring power surged over and the first thing it devoured was Zhang Ziran's golden Heaven Realm.

"Fa Wuxian, Devouring Ancestor, you have been tricked."

At this moment, Zhang Ziran was in imminent danger, but a strange smile appeared on his face. "You should devour this terrifying will yourself. If you hadn't appeared, I wouldn't have been able to completely destroy this terrifying will." As he spoke, Zhang Ziran's body changed.

The Heaven Realm in his body changed violently and started to crumble. Then, it turned into the Human Realm, just like the time when the Heaven Realm really crumbled and turned into the Human Realm.

The Heaven Realm within his body transformed into a "Small World". In an instant, Zhang Ziran's strength skyrocketed. He swept up Zhang Yi Ren and directly dodged Fa Wuxian's devouring and the invasion of the terrifying will head. This change was extremely ingenious.

When the Heaven Realm transformed into the Small Mortal Realm, it merged with the real Mortal Realm. Its power increased by thousands of times, and its realm was also very mysterious, almost approaching the realm of the Heavenly Dao.

Now that he had reached the Heavenly Dao Realm, Zhang Ziran was no longer afraid of the corrosion of this terrifying will. With that, the terrifying will began to corrode Fa Wuxian's devouring power. Ah!

The terrifying will slammed into Fa Wuxian, and in the blink of an eye, Fa Wuxian let out a bloodcurdling shriek. "Zhang Ziran, how are you doing? I can't believe you have such a trick up your sleeve. It seems I've really underestimated you. However, that was just a test. This is just an incarnation I've carefully prepared. DIE! Nirvana, Primal Chaos, Devour All Things. " Bang!

Fa Wuxian's body burst into flames. In the blink of an eye, he turned into a fireball and collided with the terrifying will of the human head. Kacha, kacha!

Fa Wuxian's body was completely destroyed. However, this desperate attack had caused the terrifying will of the human head to start collapsing. After all, it was just a little bit of will.

"Now's my chance!"

Zhang Ziran made a grabbing motion, and the Midman Dimensional Realm from the Heaven Realm immediately fused the human head with the remnant energy of Fa Wuxian's incarnation, sealed it, and started refining it.

"Invincible in the Human Realm, Variable of Heaven and Earth, Completely Decompose, Peerless Imperishable."

Zhang Ziran's body changed drastically. Suddenly, the Human Realm's operating frequency seemed to fuse with his, creating a high degree of compatibility. Instantly, the human head lost its ability to cause mischief.

"Thankfully, the power of this human head isn't at the true ninth level of the Peerless Imperishable Realm. It's just a little bit of the aura of the Peerless Imperishable Realm, yet it's already so hard to deal with. What would happen if its true body appeared?

No wonder even Gu Chensha took it so seriously. If its true body appeared, it could basically destroy me with a flick of its finger. "Zhang Ziran said.

"Congratulations, Father Emperor. After refining this terrifying will, you will be able to control the power of the Peerless Imperishable Realm.

In the future, you will even be able to surpass Gu Chensha. "Zhang Yi Ren returned to his original body and began to worship. Deep in his heart, he was very unwilling, but there was nothing he could do.

"Surpassing Gu Chensha isn't that easy. Also, I can't reach the Peerless Imperishable Realm for now. As long as I can reach the Heavenly Dao Realm, that's enough."

Zhang Ziran knew very well how big the gap between him and Gu Chensha was. Just now, he borrowed the power of the Human Realm to make Fa Wuxian's devouring fail. Then, he borrowed the power of Fa Wuxian's origin to perish together. Finally, he borrowed the power of the Human Realm to seal and control the human head.

"Right now, the Human Realm is extremely powerful. Compared to the Human Realm, I might not be a drop in the ocean, but I'm definitely just a giant whale in the ocean. Although a giant whale is big, compared to the entire ocean, it's still nothing."

Zhang Ziran said. "And compared to the Human Realm, Gu Chensha is a giant and a puddle. Gu Chensha is the giant, and the Human Realm is just a puddle that he created." "Is the difference that big?"

Zhang Yi Ren couldn't believe it. "Father Emperor, if that's the case, then Emperor Heaven and Gu Huasha shouldn't be a match for Gu Chensha. Why didn't Gu Chensha truly unify the Heaven and Earth? That way, he could unify the hearts of the people and stimulate the majestic divine power."

"I don't know what he's thinking. If I could guess what he's thinking, then my cultivation would have already stepped into a higher realm."

Zhang Ziran said. "However, he may be planning and waiting for something. If this thing succeeds, I'm afraid that he will bring the world to another level. But whether that level is good or bad, we don't know, and Emperor Heaven and Gu Huasha may not know. So they are very afraid, and I am also very afraid. "

"I think it's better to maintain the status quo. To me, Gu Chensha's idea is very threatening. He doesn't look evil, and he doesn't look like Fa Wuxian and the others who constantly devour their enemies and fight for power. But these are all within the scope of normal, and what Gu Chensha wants to do is to pull the whole world and everything into an unknown realm.

This is indeed the most terrifying thing. I'm not afraid of Emperor Heaven, I'm not afraid of Gu Huasha, I'm not afraid of Fa Wuxian, I'm not even afraid of all the conspiracies, and I'm not afraid of the birth of that terrible thing. But I'm afraid of Gu Chensha's ideals. "Zhang Yi Ren suddenly shivered.

"You've said what's in my heart. Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra expresses his ideals. He wants to bring the world into an unknown realm. At that time, our state of existence, the mode of existence, will be completely changed. I can't imagine at that time, what will we become when the world changes, what will we become? Will we only have a little bit of thought, or will we all turn into nothingness?

This is the most terrifying thing about me. I can die, but I can't let my state of existence subvert my imagination.

For example, an ordinary person, no matter how bad his life is, at least he is still a human. But if you ask him to become an ant, even if it's the king of ants, he will absolutely not be willing. "At this time, Zhang Ziran spoke out his inner thoughts.

"Father, what should we do?" Zhang Yi Ren asked.

"Right now, we can only be strong, this is the truth. I will begin to refine this terrible will, and advance to the realm of heaven in one fell swoop. Then, I will subdue the ancestors, and form an indestructible dynasty." The pure golden color on Zhang Ziran's body became even purer, and finally turned into a golden cocoon. In a place in the Human World. Gu Chensha looked at the sky. His eyes moved, and the River of Fate appeared in front of him again.

In the River of Fate, many giant dragons appeared. These giant dragons were the "ancestors" of the Heaven Realm. Even The Great Spirit God had become an Ancestor God.

In the past thousand years, The Great Spirit God had encountered many fortuitous encounters, and after painstaking efforts, he finally became an Ancestor God. Of course, this was also deliberately done by Gu Chensha.

Now, in the River of Fate, the largest thing was still the ball, which was full of eyeballs and tentacles.

This was the fate of that terrible thing, and this fate was still expanding, as if it was about to be born.

"It seems that the thousand years of preparation has stimulated the birth of this terrible thing." Gu Chensha said, "Once that terrible thing is born, it will bring a new structure to the world.

Zhang Ziran's fate also caught up with either Emperor Of Heaven or Gu Huasha. However, as long as Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Huasha worked together, Zhang Ziran would not be able to defeat them.

Zhang Ziran thought to himself, "He is actually afraid of me sublimating the world, saying that humans will become ants. I can't blame him, the unknown is the scariest. "

"Chen Sha, right now, the ancestors of the Human Realm are fighting and killing each other. That terrifying thing is going to be born again. Many of the ancestors you created are not of the same mind as us. Even the fourth doesn't approve of our ideals. If we suddenly encounter an unforeseen event, your painstaking efforts might be destroyed."

Lou Baiyue had become a Supreme Ancestor, her cultivation was getting higher and higher. Many of the powers in her body were gathered together, and almost all of the Heaven Realm was converted into the Immortal Level Eight power.

"That's right. When the time is right, I will show up and unify the Human World, and make everyone yield to me temporarily. Emperor Of Heaven will also become my subject."

Gu Chensha said, "Of course, this is just an experiment. I don't plan to unify the world for a long time." "Interesting."

New Ancestor Wen Hong said, "Chensha, that Emperor Of Heaven is still unable to unify the universe. You can do it at any time, and you can also disband it at any time. I wonder how he will feel after becoming your subject." "I think he will not become my subject even if he dies," Strategist Zhuge Ya said.

"That's not necessarily true. In the world, strength is the greatest. Emperor Of Heaven will not be able to play any tricks in front of Chensha. Furthermore, Emperor Of Heaven is no longer our enemy, he is merely our test subject," Martial Ancestor Martial Saint said.

Martial Saint had become a Martial Ancestor. In the past thousand years, he had comprehended the true essence of Martial Arts, transcending space and karma to cultivate the Martial Path Heaven Realm.