Chapter 501
===========

After a long time, Fa Wuxian finally calmed himself down, but he was still in a daze. At his level of cultivation, even if the world collapsed, it would not be able to shake his will. However, the Dharma Saint had said it, and all the evidence indicated that what the Dharma Saint had said was likely true.

"Why are you in a daze? Recover your Dao Heart."

The Dharma Saint smiled and said, "Don't be afraid because of this. This is actually a good thing for us. In the past, I was still at Dao Integration, and everything was devoured by the Heavenly Dao. Just like when ordinary people die, their souls fuse with the void, and their bodies turn into dust.

I could only rely on your incense offerings to accumulate to the extreme, and then pray to the Heavenly Dao in exchange for some opportunities to manifest. How could I be like now, completely recovered? " "In that case, although the world has changed greatly, it is your disciple's chance? Then how should I go from now on? Where should the School of Legalism go? "

Fa Wuxian asked sincerely. He knew that the Dharma Saint's realm was many times higher than his, and he really could not see the future clearly.

"Accumulate strength, observe the changes, and don't stand out," the Dharma Saint said, "At the most crucial moment, threaten the Heavenly Dao to give us more things.

The Heavenly Dao's rules are actually being invaded, but it is doing its best to resist, and it needs our help to resist. We can then seize that key point and gain its favor. This is equivalent to the country being invaded by foreign enemies, and the feudal officials can take the opportunity to ask the emperor for money, food, troops, and more power. "

"I know this, but I don't have the ability to communicate with the Heavenly Dao," Fa Wuxian said, "As for what to do next, I still need Lord Dharma Saint to guide me step by step."

"The Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman has appeared, and this talisman is the best way to communicate with the Heavenly Dao. Although you can't seize it now, you have to be careful at all times."

The Dharma Saint said, "Since the Heavenly Dao has changed, the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman will change at any time. If you grab the talisman at the final transformation, and refine it into your body, you will obtain supreme power in one fell swoop. This talisman is as famous as the Prehistoric Dragon Sect. " "I see!"

Fa Wuxian's eyes shone brightly, "Then I shall keep an eye on Wu Dangkong at all times and seize the opportunity to kill this woman."

"No. Right now, Wu Dangkong has the existence of the Xing Qiong Clan behind him. Even I don't dare to offend him. His strength is above mine."

The Dharma Saint said, "You go now and work with her. That means that you and I are working together. Keep an eye on her every move, and be prepared for any changes to the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree. Not to mention the power of the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree itself, over the countless years of inheritance, this talisman has absorbed the Son of Heaven's God-Bestowment Art cultivated by the ancient Heavenly Sons. If the Heavens and Earth were to change, it would be the same as obtaining all the power that the ancient Heavenly Sons had painstakingly cultivated. It would definitely be able to reach the heavens in a single bound. Not to mention getting the edict. " "Disciple will go immediately." Fa Wuxian knew that this was a great opportunity.

If he could seize the opportunity to seize the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree and fuse it with himself, wouldn't he be invincible under the heavens?

Of course, Fa Wuxian had no idea what the Dharma Saint was planning, and he was secretly on guard. Given his personality, he would never trust anyone, not even the Dharma Saint.

"This is a token of mine."

The Dharma Saint made a grabbing motion, and the void split open. Then, in the depths of space-time turbulence, he grabbed a crescent-moon-shaped, sky-blue saber. The saber was covered in runes, and emanated an aura that could destroy the void. "This saber is called the Saber of Law Enforcement. I forged it years ago, and after I succeeded, I banished it into the depths of space-time turbulence, allowing it to absorb the power of space-time to grow. Who would have thought that it would still exist, and that it wouldn't be destroyed in the space-time turbulence?

The power of this saber isn't inferior to that of the All-encompassing Shattering Cudgel. If you use it properly, you can even deal a certain amount of damage to a God. However, a counterattack from a God would be difficult to withstand, and you would definitely die. Be careful. " "Many thanks, Your Excellency Dharma Saint."

Fa Wuxian was overjoyed. He was someone who knew what was good and what was bad. Naturally, he had heard of the legendary Blade of Law Enforcement. This blade complemented the magical powers of the school of Legalism that he cultivated. Especially since it had been sharpened in the depths of time and space for more than eight thousand years, its power was even stronger.

The Saber of Law Enforcement landed in the hands of the Dharma Saint, and his imprint was wiped away. Then, he handed it to Fa Wuxian. With the Dharma Saint's current cultivation base, this saber was no longer of any use to him.

Fa Wuxian hurriedly poured his magic power into it. After a day and a night, he finished refining it. Then, he opened his eyes. His cultivation base seemed to have increased by a level.

"Your Excellency Dharma Saint, I know that the Celestial Pacification Department's biggest plan right now is to obtain the World Burying Coffin left behind by the Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang. Since Your Excellency Dharma Saint possesses boundless power, you must be able to calculate where the World Burying Coffin is located in space-time turbulence. We can obtain it in one fell swoop and add another treasure to our Legalism."

Fa Wuxian suddenly said, "If the Celestial Pacification Department obtains this treasure, I'm afraid there will be endless troubles in the future. It will affect Your Excellency Dharma Saint's Spirit and Demon Fusion Grand Plan."

"Jiang Gongwang's cultivation base was on par with mine in ancient times. This person's arrangements were exquisite. Although he died, the World Burying Coffin that he painstakingly set up is filled with killing intent. I haven't recovered my power yet, so I can't obtain it. Moreover, I have no idea where the World Burying Coffin is located in space-time turbulence. Searching for it will be like searching for a needle in a haystack."

The Dharma Saint waved his hand dismissively. "If I fully recover, I'll be able to find some clues and obtain it. However, I want you to work with Wu Dangkong. In addition to keeping an eye on the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree, you also need to make preparations to obtain the World Burying Coffin." "I hope Your Excellency Dharma Saint can give me some pointers." Fa Wuxian didn't understand.

"Wu Dangkong has recruited a person named Jiang Qi, who possesses Jiang Gongwang's bloodline." The Dharma Saint didn't say much. He trusted that Fa Wuxian would understand.

Fa Wuxian nodded. Seeing that the Dharma Saint didn't have any other instructions, he transformed into a cool breeze and left without a sound.

The Dharma Saint looked at Fa Wuxian's departing figure and sighed. He shook his head and said, "This kid's ambition is too big. He has cultivated a character that can turn the heavens and earth upside down. He's simply lawless. Now, it's up to him to see if he can survive the tribulations again and again.

I'm currently borrowing the power of the heavens and earth to resurrect. In fact, it's not stable. If the heavens and earth return, I'll still fall. However, since Gu Taxian has left behind his bloodline, it's a good thing for me. If I can extract that bloodline and make use of it, even if the heavens and earth return to the right path, I'll still be immortal.

"However, I still have to observe this carefully. If I attract Gu Taxian's attention, I'm afraid I'll be completely annihilated and never be able to manifest again."

Then, the Dharma Saint observed the layout of the Divine Land and frowned. "Good move. The Divine Land has already set up a great formation. Even the foundation of our school of Legalism, the Dharma Realm, has unknowingly become a part of the formation. When the Demon Calamity reaches its peak, countless Demon Saints and Demon Gods will descend here and the Divine Land's great formation will suddenly activate. I'm afraid that all the Demon Gods will be buried within. This is also Gu Taxian's little trick.

"Since I've seen through it, I'd like to see it for myself. Although I won't go against you openly, it won't be easy to make use of my school of Legalism."

As the Dharma Saint was making his calculations, his body disappeared from the world without a sound. The secrets of the heavens were a blur. Even the three Heavenly Venerables would find it difficult to divine his movements.

"The Great Spirit God, Sorcerer Ancestor, very good. You actually took advantage of my precarious situation to force me. If I don't get back at you for this, wouldn't I suffer a great loss?

The world is changing, and dragons and snakes are rising. Let's all fight for it and see whose means are the strongest. Let's see who can obtain eternity in this opportunity. " The Dharma Saint's will also dissipated like the wind.

In the sphere of the Common People's Wish, the four powerhouses of the Tranquil Immortal Department gathered for a meeting again. Gu Chensha, The Fourth, Lou Baiyue, and Zhuge Ya.

Gu Chensha's clone remained by Qin Han's side as support, while his true body entered the sphere of the Common People's Wish. He once again held a meeting with the other three to discuss the matter at hand.

"The might of that Buddha statue is even above Buzhou Palace. It can be on equal footing with the Book of Heavenly Demons."

Zhuge Ya said, "After all, this Buddha statue is the body of an ancient Buddhist Sect powerhouse. It's stronger than any Dharma treasure. Only the Heavenly Dao Arts can activate it. "

"That's right. To Deity level experts and Sages, their own shells are the most important. Other Dharma treasures are secondary. For example, this All-encompassing Shattering Rod. Although it was refined by Hercules with his blood, sweat, and tears, it's still inferior to his own divine body." Gu Chensha played with a short rod in his hand. This was a miniature All-encompassing Shattering Rod.

"Chensha's idea isn't bad. He didn't recruit Qin Han and instead established his own faction. We'll support him from the back and attract the firepower to buy time. Besides, the ancient Buddhist Sect is mysterious and unfathomable. It's hard for us to control it. It's not good to let Qin Han join the Tranquil Immortal Department. It's better to let him establish his own faction. This way, he'll have more room for development." Lou Baiyue's expression was calm. It seemed like her cultivation had improved by a lot.

"I've obtained a wondrous Buddhist technique."

Gu Chensha also revealed the scriptures he had obtained from the Buddha statue, allowing everyone present to absorb and comprehend them. "This miraculous technique does have its unique aspects. The ancient Supreme Buddha even won a move against God Maha."

"Chensha, although you've cultivated the Heavenly Dao Arts and have endless transformations, you still have to be careful."

The Fourth was a little worried. "This time, you've taken out so many treasures from the School of Legalism and earned a lot. That Dharma Saint isn't a fool. He'll probably sense it."