Chapter 216
===========

The talent of a Natural Saint was much stronger than that of a top genius. XsHuoTXt

Gu Chensha used a series of methods to steal Great Wei Dynasty's Son of Heaven Energy, sacrificing it to the heavens to obtain the talent of a top genius. But to become a Natural Saint, he probably wouldn't even be able to steal 100 Gu Huo's Son of Heaven Energy.

Unless he became the Great Wei Dynasty Emperor and sacrificed it to the heavens to raise his talent, only then would he be able to become a Natural Saint. But that would consume a large amount of the country luck and Son of Heaven Energy.

For example, in ancient records, there was a beautiful place with extraordinary spiritual energy. But a certain dynasty suddenly gave birth to a famous person and then that place didn't have any more talents. That person sucked away all the spiritual energy in that place.

After Gu Chensha understood this theory, he didn't use the Yongchō decree to sacrifice. Instead, he sacrificed Great Wei Dynasty's.

Great Wei Dynasty was an enemy country, so weakening their country luck was killing two birds with one stone for Gu Chensha.

"Now that I have the Glass Body, I have enough strength to do things. It seems like there won't be any problems recruiting Baoyu Country. It is all thanks to Gu Huo's help."

Gu Chensha restrained all the astral energy in his body. He activated all kinds of martial arts and circulated them at will. Especially his mental power, even without the protection of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, others could forget about taking away his soul.

Dao Realm Transformation 12 could steal souls and could control anyone below Dao Realm Transformation 9.

But when one reached Dao Realm Transformation 9, the Glass Body and the Samadhi True Fire would make one's soul really tough and tough to control.

Especially since Gu Chensha cultivated the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique and turned into the Sun Moon Dragon Brain, it was even tougher.

With a thought, he split out 3,000 balls of Xiantian energy. Each ball of energy turned into different shapes and even formed words to form an article. This meant that he could now do 3,000 things at once.

Of course, he hadn't reached Dao Realm Transformation 10. The thousand words were just an empty word.

When an ordinary expert cultivated his cultivation technique to the tenth transformation, he would be able to create a thousand clumps of Stellar Energy, each of which could transform into a thousand living people.

However, Gu Chensha's cultivation technique was too advanced. When he reached the Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body, he was able to multitask three thousand times at once. When he reached the Ten Transformations, he would definitely be able to multitask ten thousand times at once.

At that time, the transformation of Innate Stellar Energy would be something that no expert could compare to. Multitasking was the best way to control Innate Stellar Energy. The more he could use it, the more mysterious the Innate Stellar Energy would become.

"I've already fused the Stardragon Bracelet into the Dragon Gate." At this time, the Black Tortoise baby opened its mouth and spat out the Dragon Gate.

The dragon gate became the size of a sesame seed. The black and white colors within it changed. It was as if space had collapsed, and even light was being absorbed into it.

"As expected, the power of this Dragon Gate has increased by 80%." Gu Chensha was overjoyed.

The Dragon Gate was really strong and Gu Chensha relied on it to be able to use Dao Realm Transformation Seven cultivation to fight against Eighteen Transformation Gu Huo.

Now that the Dragon Gate had strengthened once more and his cultivation had increased by two more realms, as long as an old monster didn't attack, he would be able to sweep everyone. Moreover, there was also the Black Tortoise Baby. Weng!

To reward the Black Tortoise Baby, Gu Chensha waved his hands and large amounts of Sun and Moon Dragon Energy surged into its body. It was so comfortable that it spread out its limbs lazily.

Sun and Moon Dragon Blood and Sun and Moon Dragon Energy were the Black Tortoise Baby's greatest replenishment. Since ancient times, the Four Symbol God Beasts loved to follow the Emperor for this reason. Gu Chensha's injection was the same as the Black Tortoise Baby's growth for a few months.

Once everything was prepared, Gu Chensha walked out of the Sun Moon Altar and left the Black Tortoise Baby to cultivate.

The Black Tortoise Baby couldn't show itself, otherwise, some old monsters would target it. Moreover, in the Sun Moon Altar, the Black Tortoise Baby's cultivation increased really quickly.

Bathing in the light of the sun and moon, the Black Tortoise Baby's bloodline could be refined once more. The fleet was still sailing on the sea. This time, it was calm and there were no more obstacles.

When encountering a storm, Gu Chensha condensed his Xiantian energy into the Sea Calming Pearl and threw it into the sea. The pearl emitted vibrating power and absorbed the storm, calming the sea.

With his current cultivation, he could stabilize the sea within a hundred miles from being corroded by the storm with the Sea Calming Pearl. Moreover, his Xiantian energy became more and more proficient in the storm.

Occasionally, there would be lightning on the sea. He would rush into the clouds and absorb the lightning essence to temper his body and turn it into dragon energy.

When the Xiantian energy was full, he would send the excess into the Black Tortoise Baby's body to help it grow.

Other than that, he repeatedly used the Samadhi True Fire to temper the Demon Subduing Blade, King Dragon Armor, and Dragon Gate. The three treasures circulated, and the Xiantian energy flowed. It was extraordinary. At the same time, the treasures stored in the Star Dragon Bracelet were all taken out.

There was a large number of elixirs. One was called the Black Yellow Elixir. This elixir was made by gathering the essence of the void and refining it with the means of creation. Not only could one completely replenish the Xiantian energy in one's body, but it could also strengthen the Primordial Spirit. As for washing one's body and marrow, it was not a problem.

This elixir required an extremely strong cultivation. Only experts who had reached the Void Creation Realm could refine it. It was no longer a realm where one could gather herbs in the mortal world and refine it with Xiantian energy.

Those with extremely strong cultivation could draw all kinds of Xiantian energy from the void and turn it into matter.

For example, by drawing Gengjin energy, one could turn it into various metals. By drawing Yimu energy, one could turn it into various plants. This kind of ability was close to that of a god. This Black Yellow Elixir should have been refined by the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor. It was specially given to important officials. In the Star Dragon Bracelet, this Black Yellow Elixir was the most precious. There were more than three hundred of them.

Other than that, there were also some talismans that Gu Huo refined himself. They were also extremely powerful.

But Gu Chensha had no use for them. He gave them to Long Zaifei and the others to protect themselves.

Talismans refined by Jindan Dao experts were not ordinary. They already contained the power of the Primordial Spirit. Other than elixirs and talismans, there were also many materials for refining armaments.

There were also many materials for refining armaments, such as meteoric iron, ancient beast hide, beast bone, and many precious jade stones.

Gu Chensha took out some of the materials that he could use. Other than refining the King Dragon's Armor and the Demon Subduing Blade, he handed the rest to Long Yuyun, Frosty Jade Dew, and Long Zaifei to handle. Finally, there were the gold notes.

These were the gold notes of the Great Wei Dynasty's banks. The Great Wei Dynasty's internal wealth was mainly in gold and silver. So the gold notes were all written in taels.

Stacks of gold notes piled up, but Gu Chensha did not count them. These gold notes could not be withdrawn in the Great Wei Dynasty. When the time came, he would go back and trade with Bao Ming 'er. This time, Gu Huo had suffered a heavy loss, but Gu Chensha had made a huge fortune.

Disregarding everything else, a Black Yellow Pill might not be as valuable as the Seven Sage Heart Cultivation Pill, but it could be sold for an extremely good price in the immortal dao sects. Gu Chensha could also use it to raise his cultivation.

Just like that, they sailed for a full month. Finally, the fleet crossed the vast sea and saw many islands. Behind the islands was a continent.

Moreover, there were more ships on the nearby sea, showing the prosperity of Baoyu Nation's trade. There were even many civilian merchant ships of the Great Yongchō among them.

Many of the wealthy families among the people needed large amounts of jade every year, and many of them went to Baoyu Nation to purchase them.

Other than some of the Sage families, the second and third rate wealthy families among the people, the nobles of the imperial court, and the big trading companies all needed to purchase jade. Even the imperial family spent money on purchasing jade every year.

However, although there were many merchant fleets on the sea, none of them had the grandeur of the fleet in front of them. Even the official fleet of Baoyu Nation was not as strong as this fleet.

Therefore, as the fleet sailed slowly, many merchant ships gave way to it. No ship dared to stand in front of it. In the distance, many people from the merchant fleets came out to watch, pointing and discussing.

One of the merchant fleets was also quite large. It was surrounded by dozens of ships. The ships were also made of steel and were very sturdy. However, compared to Gu Chensha's fleet, it was like a beggar meeting a millionaire. It was so shabby that it was not even worth mentioning.

A few young masters stood on the largest ironclad warship and looked at Gu Chensha's fleet from afar. Their expressions were somewhat ugly.

"Young Master Qi, the fleet that our Jingwu Merchant Group has accumulated for hundreds of years is probably not worth mentioning compared to this fleet," said one of the young masters.

"This is probably the Nineteenth Prince, Monarch Chen's enlistment fleet."

The young master called Young Master Qi had a solemn expression. "Once he succeeds, the structure of Baoyu Nation will change. We will have to restart the relationship we established. It will not be a blessing for our merchant group."

"Young Master Qi is right. Our Jingwu Merchant Group has shares from the Legalism, Lei, Fan, and many other aristocratic families. Those princes are not on good terms with Nineteenth Prince. Once Nineteenth Prince gains power, he will definitely suppress us. How are we going to continue doing business then?" said another young master.

"We still have to listen to the head shopkeeper." Young Master Qi frowned. "It's not something we can turn around." At this moment, a young servant girl walked out. "Shopkeepers, the head shopkeeper wants you in." "Yes!"

"Understood." The young masters immediately became respectful. They walked into the cabin and went up to the upper floors.

Although this large ship was far inferior to the Wild Shark Ship, it still had a few floors. The highest floor was very mysterious, and it was where the head shopkeeper lived.

When they entered the top floor, they saw a veiled young girl. She was the head shopkeeper of the Jingwu Merchant Group. She was actually a young girl.

"Head shopkeeper, what are your orders?" The young masters bowed.

"The recruitment of Baoyu Nation this time involves our merchant group's jade business. We can't neglect it. What do you think?" asked the veiled young girl.

"We were also discussing it just now, but we still have to listen to the head shopkeeper's orders. Head shopkeeper is a peerless scholar and has led the Jingwu Merchant Group to prosperity. If it wasn't for the suppression of the imperial court's Heavenly Designer Institute, our merchant group would have long become the number one merchant group," said Young Master Qi.

"The Heavenly Designer Institute was established by the imperial court. They are all old experts. We can't compare to them."

The veiled young girl said, "Especially the two old fellows, Ghost Axe and God Craft. One is the supreme ancestor of the Yama Sect, and the other is the founder of the Original Sin Sect. Their cultivation is already comparable to that of a god.

However, these two old fellows are nearing the end of their lifespans. They have no choice but to rely on the Heavenly Talisman Emperor to extend their lifespans. Actually, these old fellows all have the same problem. If they betray the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, their cultivation will dissipate. "

Many young masters felt that the veiled young girl's words were far from the topic, but they listened quietly and didn't dare to interrupt.