Chapter 371
===========

After flying for three days and three nights, Gu Chensha entered the depths of the desert. Looking down from high up in the sky, there were actually many oases in the desert.

The desert oases were surrounded by lakes, date palms, and some desert rivers. If there was water, there would be life, and there were many Cities and Villages within the oases. All of them were quite orderly, and there were many soldiers riding on camels.

"This oasis has at least a few hundred cities connected to one another. There are tens of millions of people here and it has already become a giant empire. There is actually such a faction in the desert?" Gu Chensha was shocked.

However, after flying out of the God Continent and heading towards the northwest desert, it took him three days and three nights to reach this place. This wasn't something that a human could reach.

With his current speed, he could probably travel 1,000 miles in an instant. The distance he flew in three days was enough for someone at the Dao Realm Transformation Seven to fly in the air to reach this place. This kind of speed was so far away from Great Yong that there wouldn't be any contact at all.

The tens of millions of people could compare to the Great Yongchō. It was the size of the Xian Dynasty in the past.

Jing Qiu's aura was in the largest oasis. The city in the oasis was majestic and majestic like a palace.

"Could it be that this huge desert empire was established by Jing Qiu?

If that is the case, then this person really has the ambition to swallow the world. "Gu Chensha was shocked.

Gu Chensha arrived at the edge of the oasis. He didn't reveal his body and continued to hide. He didn't dare to get too close as he was afraid that Jing Qiu would notice him.

In this oasis city, there were many people and the country was strong. There were all sorts of craftsmen and craftsmen. Apart from that, there were also some strong Barbarian Race people. However, they didn't have evil energy and had been transformed into normal laborers.

Of course, most of the people here were the natives of the desert. Moreover, there was an aura of culture and all sorts of education, martial arts, culture, and techniques were all really complete.

Originally, Gu Chensha could have used the Heaven's Eye Suspending Technique to observe the situation of this empire in an instant. However, Jing Qiu was here. If he used such a method, he would be courting death.

Outside the oasis, many people were digging ditches and building new cities. It was clear that the population had increased, and many cities could not hold people anymore, so they could only rebuild.

These people used yellow sand and a kind of gelatinous substance to turn them into huge hard bricks, which made Gu Chensha gasp in amazement. In this way, it would be very easy to build a city and houses. They were tall and majestic.

"In the desert, there is black oil that can be ignited. After refining, it can secrete all kinds of gelatin and oil …" Gu Chensha recalled some records.

There were no trees in the desert, so it was impossible for people to gather firewood to cook. However, there was a type of black oil that could be used to light fires. This could be said to be a miracle of nature. The people here built cities and planted trees.

Those trees were extremely drought-resistant plants. They could also bear fruits, which were rich in starch and could be used to make bread. Gu Chensha had never seen this plant before.

However, after taking a look, he knew that this plant had been nurtured with Celestial magic power and was most suitable for the desert's climate. Moreover, it could stabilize water.

Many people were in full swing building, planting, reclaiming, and creating oases in the desert. Unexpectedly, it was unprecedentedly simple. Suddenly, the sound of a bell rang out from a distant city.

At that moment, hearing the sound of the bell, everyone immediately put down what they were doing and knelt on the ground, continuously worshipping and muttering piously. As soon as the bell rang, everyone, including the army, knelt down and started to pray. It did not seem like they had been brainwashed, but they were sincerely thanking God.

In that instant, Gu Chensha saw millions of people, no matter where they were, whether they were working or doing urgent work, put down everything, kneeled down, and prostrated themselves on the ground. He was shocked.

The bell rang out nine times, and after everyone formed the three kowtows and nine kowtows, they muttered a strange scripture.

At that moment, a dark cloud floated over in the sky, followed by crackling thunder, and it started to rain. Oh, oh, oh … Seeing this, everyone who had prayed cheered and yelled in a frenzied state. The downpour lasted for a full 15 minutes, drenching the desert. Everyone sang and danced in the rain, cheering and jumping, and a wave of vitality was brewing.

Even though Gu Chensha could not understand the language those people were shouting, the meaning was clear: "God has shown himself, thank God." "Magic? Create clouds and bring rain. "

Gu Chensha could tell that the downpour and dark cloud had been caused by someone using a peerless magic, moving water from who knew how far away and turning it into a dark cloud before descending. Gu Chensha also knew this kind of method, but it was not as exquisite and traceless.

Moreover, there was a lack of water in this desert. Even though there were oases, lakes, and rivers, the water was not drawn from them but from the distant ocean, tens of thousands of kilometers away. No matter how powerful Gu Chensha's Astral Energy was, he could not do this. This was evidently Jing Qiu's method.

"Let's see what is going on. Did Jing Qiu create a desert empire here? He used all sorts of spells to make people think that he is a god? "

Gu Chensha, who had turned into a grain of sand, got close to an army general. He used his Soul Tentacle to search his soul and observe his memories.

The general felt dizzy for a moment before returning to normal. Gu Chensha, on the other hand, got what he wanted to know.

With his current cultivation, he didn't need to pretend to be a normal person to ask for information. He could casually use his soul to search someone's memories and it wouldn't cause any damage to them.

If a Dao Realm 12 Transformation Soul Snatching Realm cultivator forcefully searched someone's mind or controlled them, it would cause damage to the soul of the person being controlled. It might even turn them into idiots. But Gu Chensha had unknowingly stolen their memories. Even a Golden Core expert wouldn't be able to block him.

Thinking about it, even someone like Jing Fanxing, who was at the 22 Transformation Divine Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth, was easily reduced to a mortal, much less someone at the 18 Transformation Great Dao Golden Core?

"This place is called Sama Desert. A hundred years ago, it split into many small cities and was scattered across many oases. A young man called Ironwood Khan received guidance from the god and built an army. He defeated many cities and built the strong Sama Empire. To thank the god, he built many temples and religions to serve the god. This religion is called Qiu Religion …" Gu Chensha digested all the information in his mind.

It was actually really simple. A hundred years ago, Jing Qiu came here and gave pointers to a young man to build an empire and then worship his god.

A hundred years of influence, building a religion, expanding population, building cities, and expanding to such a stage in the depths of the desert.

Originally, the desert lacked water and food, but with the spells of a Celestial, all of that could be solved.

This was especially so for someone like Jing Qiu who had cultivated the undying body of the 25 transformations of the Dao Realm. His magic power divine art was enough to move mountains tens of thousands of miles away.

After understanding the situation here, Gu Chensha was more and more shocked, "This Jing Qiu is really talented. His methods of building a country are similar to my father's. Compared to him, Jing Fanxing is just a playboy." Jing Qiu and Jing Fanxing's talents were similar and they were both top geniuses. But what the two of them did was like the difference between heaven and earth. From this, one's talent didn't determine one's future achievements.

"A giant desert empire with tens of millions of people, a country with a religion. Everyone, from the nobles to the slaves, all believe in the god. Politics and religion are one."

Gu Chensha thought about it, "Looking at the situation where everyone worships him, everyone is united. That is quite amazing. Jing Qiu's ambition is really obvious …"

Here, Gu Chensha was unable to sense the Common People's Wish ball. He had to be really careful, otherwise, if Jing Qiu noticed him, he would definitely die.

Jing Qiu built a giant empire in the desert. This place was far away from the God Land and was a barren land. Although there was a lack of resources, it was good for development.

Moreover, there were many treasures in the desert. In ancient times, the desert had fertile land, but things changed. There was black oil and all sorts of minerals underground.

"Mr. Zhuge said that I can only wait for a chance." Gu Chensha dug into the ground and hid, "Wait for Fa Wuxian and Jing Qiu to fight? Then, I will take advantage of them. Is Mr. Zhuge sure that Fa Wuxian and Jing Qiu will fight? "

After he hid, he secretly observed the operation of the entire desert empire, including the culture, knowledge, and the situation of the officials. From this, he could see Jing Qiu's thinking.

The Sama Empire had all kinds of advanced craftsmanship. The forging of swords was also extremely sharp. They even knew all kinds of mechanical skills. The aristocratic upper class was also very rich in etiquette. They had their own language and art. Music, dance, and dance were all unique. This language was actually created by Jing Qiu. It was called Jing Wen.

It seemed that Jing Qiu didn't just want to build an empire. Instead, he wanted to create a civilization, a civilization similar to the God Land, everlasting and passed down from generation to generation! This was an unyielding ambition.

At present, the civilization of the Sama Empire was far from the civilization of the God Land. However, it was slowly becoming richer. Jing Qiu could live for 3,000 years, or even longer. In such a long time, the empire would continue to expand, and he would definitely be able to build a vast and great civilization.

At first, Gu Chensha thought that Jing Qiu was arrogant and conceited. Now, it seemed that he was not arrogant and conceited. He really had the great ambition to swallow the world and reverse the yin and yang.