Chapter 677
===========

The New God Continent was becoming more and more prosperous. Many disciples of the Celestial Path Xuan Sect could be seen trading and interacting with each other. Apart from that, one could even see the Monster Race among them.

"Oh? Que Ying 'er, Que Huang' er? "Gu Chensha seemed to have heard two familiar voices.

These were two sisters of the Vermillion Bird Race. They were from the Monster Race, but they didn't have the pure Vermillion Bird bloodline. They could only be considered a side branch. The real Vermillion Bird egg was obtained through them and soaked in Gu Chensha's Sun and Moon Dragon Blood before hatching. They were Gu Chensha's enemies. But now, Gu Chensha didn't care about them.

Even Monster Saint Li Wanlong was at the peak of the Saint Realm. He was only at the Embodiment Transformation Realm.

He was far weaker than Xing Qiong. If Gu Chensha wanted to attack, it wouldn't be a problem for him to suppress this Saint.

Moreover, the Monster Race's Nest of 10,000 Dragons was just a pinnacle small-sized world. It would be extremely difficult for it to advance to a medium-sized world. Unless Li Wanlong reached the Celestial Lord Realm and had a fortuitous encounter, as well as a setup like the Dharma Saint's that could pull in the Sky Demon Race's selfless contribution.

More importantly, the Dharma Saint himself was at the Celestial Lord Realm. He comprehended the secrets of life and death and was reborn after a calamity. He was probably the first Saint who could automatically revive.

Even Gu Chensha was shocked by what the Dharma Saint comprehended. He knew that this person was worthy of being the first Saint of the ancient human race. He had single-handedly created the order of the human race. The Dharma Saint already had his own complete Dao. Even if his Dao was completely different from Gu Chensha's, he couldn't say that he was wrong.

The battle for the Dao depended on who could destroy the other. As the saying went, the winner was king and the loser was a bandit.

He was too lazy to bother about the two of them. Although it seemed like their cultivation had risen really quickly and they had both reached Dao Realm 22 and 23 Changes, their combined cultivation wasn't enough for a Common People's General to kill them with a flick of his finger.

Of course, for the two women, they must have had many fortuitous encounters to be able to cultivate successfully in just a few years.

In the past, Que Ying 'er was only at the Nineteen Changes "Size Manipulation" realm. Now, she had actually cultivated to the Twenty-Two Changes.

Logically speaking, after reaching the Twentieth Transformation, one would need to cultivate for decades or even centuries before advancing to the next level. Of course, with so many fortuitous encounters, such a fast advancement was still considered slow. Gu Chensha's consciousness instantly locked onto Longevity God.

Longevity God had a very high status in Wan Senshi's New Divine Prefecture. His residence was in the capital of New Divine Prefecture. Now, he was deep in his mansion, pondering and cultivating, trying to comprehend the Saint Realm.

His cultivation had reached the Dao Realm 32 Transformation, One Thought Connecting to Heaven. He was just a step away from reaching the Truth Saint Heart and forming his own Saint Heart to become a Saint.

Once he broke through this realm, his cultivation and combat strength would greatly increase. However, it was very difficult to reach this step. Even with Longevity God's luck, it would be difficult to break through this barrier.

Suddenly, he deduced the cultivation techniques of Longevity God and Fortune God to the extreme in his mind. Then, a bright light flashed as a lot of information from the void entered his Sea of Consciousness. Then, he silently transformed and left the New Divine Prefecture.

At this moment, Gu Chensha's true body merged with Ghost Weep's incarnation in his Minute Dust World.

With Gu Chensha's current cultivation, even if he did not use his Dimension World Power, he could still suppress Longevity God. However, he did not want to act rashly and alert the enemy. Instead, he was waiting for Longevity God's fortuitous encounter.

Longevity God had a flash of inspiration in the depths of his mind. He must have obtained some kind of information and secret. It should be the connection between Longevity God and Fortune God's True God position.

Originally, Longevity God was the successor of the three ancient True Gods. According to reason, the orthodoxy of Longevity God and Fortune God would be inherited by him, and the position of True God was also obtained by him. Therefore, his luck was very rich.

Gu Chensha could see this, and so could Wan Senshi. Therefore, the first thing Wan Senshi did was to win over Longevity God, but he did not control him.

Because Wan Senshi wanted to set up a benchmark. If he controlled Longevity God from the beginning, it would give the other giants an unreliable impression, which would make it difficult to win the hearts of the masses. Another point was that even the position of True God of Longevity God and Fortune God was useless to Wan Senshi.

What Wan Senshi was after should be the Dragon Gate of the Ancient Wasteland, the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, and the Hongmeng Tree.

If he conspired to seize the position of the three True Gods and ruined his reputation, the Union of Ten Thousand Immortals would not be able to be established, and the gains would not make up for the losses.

Unlike Gu Chensha, if he obtained the position of True God, he would improve a lot. Wan Senshi, on the other hand, had already reached the peak and could not improve anymore.

Longevity God left the New Divine Continent and directly passed through the East Wasteland and came to the Divine Continent. Then, he landed in Fuzhou.

Fuzhou was one of the ninety-nine provinces of the Divine Continent, and it got its name because of the Blessing God. In ancient times, when the Son of Heaven conferred the title of Blessing God, this province was divided, and the Fu Clan was still the descendant of the Blessing God.

However, because the Blessing God had fallen a long time ago, the Fu Clan had always been a second or third-rate family. There was no God level expert in the family, so naturally, there was no microscopic world.

In the twenty years of the Heavenly Talisman, the head of the Fu Clan in Fuzhou, Fu Changshan, was only at the eighteen transformations of the Dao Realm Golden Core, which was not even comparable to the Jing Clan.

But now, the Fu Clan seemed to have obtained some fortuitous encounter, and their overall strength was rising steadily.

Fortunately, the Fu Clan had a good relationship with the Imperial Court, and they had always responded to the summons of the Imperial Court, which was why they were able to survive. Otherwise, they would have been wiped out during the last purge.

In the last Imperial Court meeting, the Calm Immortal Department won a great victory, causing many Sages and God families to bleed. Now, the Thunder Extreme Source and Thunder Extreme Blood of the Lei Clan were still kneeling in the square in front of the Imperial Palace, suffering in pain day and night.

The Department of Tranquil Immortals was not a benevolent man or woman. The way of governing a country was to use both kindness and authority. After they achieved a complete victory last time, many aristocratic families went into hiding. Lou Baiyue, the Fourth Prince, and Zhuge Ya began to purge the entire country. They purged the second and third-rate aristocratic families that were usually disobedient, disobedient, or dissatisfied with the imperial court, but were also close to the first-rate aristocratic families.

Now, the people who were left were basically those who were obedient. Gu Chensha didn't kill those who were disobedient and instead sent them to the Small God Province to be brainwashed. They became obedient people who prayed every day and cultivated his Great People's Purification Scripture. After they atoned for their sins, they would change their actions and realize their mistakes. Only then would they be released and serve the people again.

So basically, although there was a purge, there wasn't any bloodshed. This way, there would be less karma and grievances. There wouldn't be any enemies who ran out.

Otherwise, during the great calamity, the purge of the aristocratic families would more or less cause some fish to escape the net. They would bear a blood feud and obtain a fortuitous encounter. At that time, they would come to the Imperial Court for revenge, causing a series of troubles.

Since ancient times, there were many such examples. There were even some children of destiny who carried a blood feud and overturned the Imperial Court.

Gu Chensha was familiar with history, was proficient in destiny, and observed tribulations. Naturally, he wouldn't do such a thing. Longevity God landed in Fuzhou.

Fuzhou was located in the south of the 99 prefectures. It had rich earth qi and spiritual caves everywhere. Many mountains and rivers had naturally condensed into spiritual mountains, producing all kinds of medicinal herbs. It was indeed worthy of being called a blessed prefecture. At this time, Longevity God landed in a place that wasn't a spiritual cave.

This place was very desolate in Fuzhou. It was a river bend. Silt had accumulated and gradually blocked it. No one had come to clean it up yet because the common people here seemed to have carried out a large-scale migration and entered the Savage Land to start reclaiming and building.

The great development of the Savage Land was carried out by Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor and Calming Immortal Department.

Longevity God landed on the riverbank and looked around. The silt had piled up into a flat land. It was very fertile. There was a town in the distance. This town had long been deserted, and the population had all migrated away.

Gu Chensha's strategy was to gradually migrate some of the poor people with shallow cultivation to the Savage Land or overseas to avoid the devil disaster sweeping through and causing large-scale casualties.

In addition, in the Sin Province, small groups of devils would come out from time to time and cause trouble everywhere in the Divine Prefecture. Although the 99 prefectures were being suppressed by the Common People's Marshal, they couldn't take care of everything at the same time.

Besides, it was precisely because of the casualties that the people's fighting spirit and sense of urgency could be stimulated. Everyone became independent and cultivated day and night, farming, working, accumulating, and sharpening.

"The place where I had a flash of inspiration is here."

Longevity God transformed into a scholar. His clothes fluttered in the wind as he observed the situation of this desolate riverbank. Suddenly, he pointed with his finger, and the silt on the riverbank dispersed, revealing the riverbed ravine on the west side.

Under the riverbed, there seemed to be traces of a drowned temple. There were many stone tablets at the bottom of the river. They were left behind since ancient times to offer sacrifices to the gods.

In the past, Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor abolished the gods and destroyed the temples, severing the faith of many people. Countless temples were destroyed. Many of the beautiful temples in Fuzhou were also dismantled, and those stone tablets became the cornerstone of the riverbed.

"Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor is truly amazing. He severed the faith of countless people in one fell swoop, causing the gods to be sealed. This way, Calming Immortal Department can manage the country. Otherwise, with the gods high up in the sky driving their believers, how could Calming Immortal Department be so successful?"

Longevity God sighed. He once again urged his World Force, and the stone steles in the depths of the riverbed dispersed, revealing a cave deep inside. This cave seemed to be connected to another world, it was bottomless. It didn't seem mysterious, but Longevity God nodded.