Chapter 1011
============

Large-scale Harvest Chapter 1008: Large-scale Harvest

Emperor Of Heaven's Celestial Court was melted by Gu Chensha. Even the Fourth Gu Huasha was shocked. He knew that he and the Emperor Of Heaven were actually restraining each other, and neither could do anything to the other. That was why they hadn't been able to devour each other all these years. The Fourth Gu Huasha knew all about the trump cards of the Emperor Of Heaven. Because of this, he knew how powerful the Emperor Of Heaven was. But now, the Emperor Of Heaven's cultivation was like an ant in front of Gu Chensha.

"Who is the Nineteenth Brother? I've done so much, I've trained so hard, but I'm not even as good as a finger of his. What's the difference between us? I've inherited my father's bloodline, and I'm also the one who gave birth to the Heavenly Way. When it comes to luck and talent, I'm the best in the world. But why is Gu Chensha so much stronger than me? I can't accept this. I can't accept this. " As the Nihility Ancestor, Gu Huasha was very unwilling.

Now, there were countless ancestors in the world, but the number one ancestor was the Nihility Ancestor. Even the Human Ancestor Zhang Ziran was not as good as him.

As the First Ancestor, he was still ordered around by Gu Chensha like a child. How could he accept this?

However, he didn't dare to resist, because he had seen the examples of Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God. These two powerful beings, one Devouring Ancestor, and the other God Ancestor, had become like dogs. This was extremely humiliating, and the Fourth would never allow himself to become like this.

Although he knew that even if he resisted, Gu Chensha might not humiliate him like this, he couldn't be 100% sure, because Gu Chensha had to deal with the birth of that terrifying thing. For the sake of the overall situation, sacrificing himself was nothing.

At that moment, The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "Old Nineteen, since you've attacked so forcefully, I have nothing else to say. I'm under someone else's roof, so I have no choice but to bow my head." "Very good. It's rare for you to think this way."

Gu Chensha laughed and said, "You and Emperor Of Heaven, I'm going to make the two of you the rulers of the imperial court. Now, tell me what to do. I'll go down to the mortal court and make Human Ancestor Zhang Ziran, Spell Ancestor, and Ancestor Yi submit to me. That will be the end of the matter." "That's the only way." Emperor Of Heaven shook his head.

"Gu Huasha, Emperor Of Heaven. The two of you are useless. "

Fa Wuxian cursed loudly. He was forever unconvinced and would never submit to Gu Chensha. Right now, he wanted to infuriate Gu Chensha into killing him so that he could relieve his pain as soon as possible.

"Very good."

Gu Chensha looked at Fa Wuxian and said, "Fa Wuxian, I can feel your anger growing. I want to see what happens when a person's anger and resentment reaches its peak. I feel like your resentment and hatred are the strongest in the world. You're much stronger than Hate Ancestor, Resentment Ancestor, and Rage Ancestor. But that's not enough. I'm going to humiliate you even more. Emperor Of Heaven, what do you think we should do? Only then can Fa Wuxian's humiliation reach its peak? " This was a question for the Emperor Of Heaven. It was a test.

"Actually, that's easy. You turned Fa Wuxian into a dog. It's humiliating, but it's not the most humiliating. If it were me, I would turn him into a female dog, and then let The Great Spirit God, the male dog, devour him. Isn't Fa Wuxian known as the Ancestor Devourer? Isn't he good at devouring everything? So it's not a big deal for him to be devoured.

Besides, this can be used as an example for the human world. We can spread it everywhere. "Emperor Of Heaven said calmly.

"Emperor Of Heaven, you animal! I'm going to kill you! I'm going to kill you!"

When Fa Wuxian heard Celestial Thearch's words, he almost fainted. He felt that his anger and hatred were about to burn him.

"Emperor Of Heaven, you're not bad."

Gu Chensha nodded. "This can be done. The hatred in Fa Wuxian's heart can destroy countless space-times. This hatred is no longer an external power, but a supreme destruction that comes from within the soul. My Dragonless Heart Sutra is the power of the soul. This hatred experiment can be used as fuel for my Dragonless Heart Sutra."

"No …" Fa Wuxian was truly terrified. "Don't, don't do this. Gu Chensha, I'm willing to submit. I'm afraid of you. Don't do this to me. You can't be so vicious."

"Fa Wuxian, when you devoured others, countless people begged you, but you didn't let them live. Why is it happening to you now? Why can't you accept it?" Emperor Of Heaven laughed. "The Great Spirit God, what do you think?" "I'll listen to everything Lord Gu Chensha says."

At this moment, the Mighty Miracle God seemed to have resigned himself to adversity. "I will do whatever Lord asks me to do." "Alright, let's go to the Human World's Lord's Court."

Gu Chensha said, "In the Lord's Court, we'll let Fa Wuxian suffer this humiliation. We'll make an example out of him." As he spoke, he waved his hand. Space-Time reversed, and everyone descended into the Human World. Human World, Lord's Court.

Now, there were many continents in the Human World. Tens of thousands of races rose, and heroes appeared. However, the Lord's Court was still the Lord's Court, led by Zhang Ziran. This was because Zhang Ziran was the Human Ancestor. At that moment, Zhang Ziran was in the Lord's Court.

Countless ministers and civil and military officials were in the hall. At that moment, the Spell Ancestor, the Taoist Ancestor, the Outsider Ancestor, and the other Ancestors were also here. Apart from them, there was also the Ancestor of Magic.

When the Ancestor of Magic was born, he fused with the Ancestor of Heaven, Wu Dangkong, and escaped from Fa Wuxian's pursuit with the Dragon Valley Continent. Later, Fa Wuxian chased after them relentlessly. Left with no choice, the Ancestor of Magic could only seek refuge with the Lord's Court. With the Human Ancestor Zhang Ziran in charge, Fa Wuxian could do nothing for now.

"Everyone."

At that moment, the Human Ancestor Zhang Ziran sat on the throne and looked down. He was extremely powerful now, and had even refined part of that terrible thing's will. He held great power in his hands, and no one could resist him. "Today, I called for a meeting in the Court for a very simple reason: to reorganize the Lord's Court. In the long run, there will be too many Ancestors in the Lord's Court, and our government's decrees won't work. As a result, many good policies can't be carried out, which may not be a good thing. Right now, the situation in the Human World is extremely complicated. Countless nobodies have obtained fortuitous encounters in a short time, and all of them have soared to the sky. Look, the insufferably arrogant Six Great Empires of a thousand years ago, Qin, Han, Tang, Song, Yuan, and Ming, were all destroyed. Instead, they were unified by a nobody, Destiny Ancestor, and formed the Great Fate Dynasty. Right now, the Great Fate Dynasty isn't as powerful as the Lord's Court, but it's still developing tremendously.

If we continue to have internal strife, it's very likely that the Great Fate Dynasty will surpass the Lord's Court, and we'll all become prisoners. We might even be completely destroyed, never to rise again. Everyone, be vigilant. " None of the Ancestors said anything.

Zhang Ziran continued, "Next, I will abolish the Nihility Ancestor. The Nihility Ancestor has never appeared before, and he has contributed nothing to the Lord's Court. He must be abolished.

Next, Spell Ancestor, Outsider Ancestor, Magic Ancestor, and Taoist Ancestor. You people are not allowed to interfere with the Lord's Court. If you do, don't blame me for being impolite. " Zhang Ziran's words were very blunt, almost threatening. He had the confidence and power to do so.

"Zhang Ziran, don't forget that you are the Emperor of the Lord's Court, but our power is divided equally. You want to suppress us? Don't you think you're dreaming?" A woman's voice came from the Magic Ancestor. It was Wu Dangkong.

"Wu Dangkong, you're not dead yet."

Zhang Ziran laughed. "I thought you were killed by Fa Wuxian. I didn't expect you to be living in the Magic Ancestor's body. Are you trying to collect the Undying Power to revive? I'll tell you the truth. Even if you revive, it won't do you any good. " "Zhang Ziran, you're destroying yourself."

Spell Ancestor Dharma Saint suddenly said, "We have to work together to stop the enemy. Fa Wuxian's fate has been increasing. He's very strong. I'm afraid you won't be able to stop him. If he devours you, we won't help you. "

"I'm the Human Ancestor, and I'm very strong. After I get rid of you, I'll go suppress Fa Wuxian. I'll show you whether or not he's my opponent. As for you, if you don't submit to me, then I'm sorry. None of you can leave today. Spell Ancestor, you should know how strong I am." Zhang Ziran said, "Today, I've made up my mind. Don't hit a rock with an egg."

"Zhang Ziran, you're not invincible. I think we shouldn't fight among ourselves. Let's work together." Wu Dangkong said, "Actually, your biggest enemy is Gu Chensha, not Fa Wuxian.

Also, you should work together with the Emperor Heaven and the Nihility Ancestor. We'll form a ruling dynasty. We'll all be elders, and then we'll hold elections every few years. Everything needs to be decided by the elders. That's the real foundation. How about it? " "Wu Dangkong, it looks like I'll have to kill you first."

Zhang Ziran suddenly grabbed, and the Magic Ancestor's body began to tremble. Countless powers wrapped around him, making it impossible for him to use any spells. Suddenly, a wave of power descended from the sky, cutting off Zhang Ziran's power. This power contained the power of nothingness.

"Nihility Ancestor, you've finally appeared."

Zhang Ziran pulled back and looked at the Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha. "I knew you'd show up today. I canceled your Nihility Ancestor sacrifice. You couldn't take it, but today is the day to decide who's going to win." "Zhang Ziran, at a time like this, you're still trying to decide who's going to win?"

The Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha laughed bitterly. "Gu Chensha is here. From now on, he's the only overlord in this world. We can't resist him." As he spoke, the Emperor Heaven descended.

After Gu Huasha and the Emperor Heaven were in position, Gu Chensha appeared. In his hands were two dogs. One was Fa Wuxian, and the other was The Great Spirit God. Then, he looked at Zhang Ziran. Zhang Ziran's body involuntarily flew out of the throne. Gu Chensha sat down.