Chapter 939
===========

The Pattern Has Been Established Chapter 936: The Pattern Has Been Established Chapter 936: The Pattern Has Been Established

Gu Chensha built the Everlasting World, combining the divine continent, the four wastelands, and many other large spaces in the Heaven Realm, which could accommodate countless creatures. In the Everlasting World, he used his divine power and cultivation to produce the Everlasting Qi, which was more mysterious than spiritual energy, immortal energy, and chaotic energy. However, this Everlasting Qi was just a transition. In the future, he would definitely let everyone learn the Dragonless Heart Sutra and break through the first hurdle, so that they could live freely without absorbing any energy, completely free from karma, fate, fate, time, and space, and truly free and eternal.

Without karma and fate, naturally, there would be no birth, old age, sickness, and death, and no disillusionment and samsara.

However, this current realm, only a few high-level members of the Dragonless Cabinet could reach this realm.

And when the Emperor Of Heaven built the Human Realm, it attracted the arrival of a huge mutated origin.

The Human Realm represented humans, the spirit of all living things. In this period, after the Human Realm condensed into a form, it represented the most critical core of the future.

In other words, the current Human Realm was the center of the whole world, just like the former Heaven Realm. Gu Chensha's Everlasting World was not the center.

Because the Everlasting World represented the highest level of evolution. If in the future, everyone could understand the Dragonless Heart Sutra and get rid of karma, then the Everlasting World would be the real center. But now, the Human Realm still occupied the dominant position. After the great sacrifice, the Everlasting World condensed, and the Emperor Of Heaven retreated. The pattern of the entire infinite space was thus formed.

The Human Realm, which was much larger than the original Heaven Realm, stood in the turbulence of space and time, and the energy in the turbulence was constantly pouring into the Human Realm.

Why was the Human Realm so much larger than the Heaven Realm? That was because the Chaos was integrated into it. The Chaos was the most primitive thing.

All the worlds were born from the primordial chaos. Various divine objects could be extracted from the primordial chaos. Even the Heavenly Realm was born from the primordial chaos. When Gu Chensha entered the primordial chaos to search for the battleships and systems left behind by the prehistoric technological civilization, he saw the primordial chaos constantly exploding, giving birth to small chiliocosms, medium chiliocosms, and great chiliocosms. Compared to the Chaos, a large world was like a bubble compared to a river or an ocean.

Now that the entire Chaos World had been integrated into the Human World, just how huge was the Human World?

Another amazing thing was that the Emperor Of Heaven had absorbed a lot of the original source produced by the entanglement and mutation of Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Dao, which made the Human Realm much larger and richer than the future Human Realm.

Gu Chensha watched as the Human Realm condensed into a form. The origin that was a hundred times larger than Long Xiang Tian fell into the Human Realm, but he didn't immediately search for this origin. Instead, he first governed the Eternal Realm, calmed the hearts of the people, and stabilized the sacrifices. Just like that, three whole months passed.

During these three months, the Human Realm had already taken shape. The enormous power of the Human Realm spread in all directions, greatly affecting many cultivators. The power of the mortal world was an extremely tempting and intoxicating force.

Countless times in the future, there would be immortal officials in the Heavenly Court who would rather give up on immortality, unable to endure the loneliness of the Heavenly Court, and secretly descend to the mortal world. Even a few daughters of the Emperor Of Heaven descended to the mortal world and secretly married mortals. Thus, there were many legends and tribulations. Of course, this was a story for the future.

However, in Gu Chensha's view, the structure of the Heavenly Court, the Human Realm, the Demon Realm, the Divine Realm, the Demon Realm, the Immortal Realm, and the Underworld was too restrictive. Even if one obtained the dao of immortality, he still had to stay in the Heavenly Court. Once he descended to the mortal world for a long time, he would be invaded by the power of the Human Realm, and the dao of immortality would also disappear. In this way, what was the difference between being trapped in the Heavenly Court and being imprisoned for immortality?

"Chensha, I just calculated it. According to the fixed destiny, in the future, the Heavenly Court will control the situation with the Human Realm as the foundation. In addition to the Demon Realm, the Divine Realm, the Demon Realm, and the Immortal Realm, there will also be a powerful figure who will establish the Buddha Realm and break the structure. Later on, there will even be a trend of challenging the position of the Heavenly Court. That Buddha Realm also claimed to have obtained immortality. Do you think that such a figure will appear in advance?"

Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha were also observing the Human Realm for the past three months. At the same time, in the Eternal World, many people secretly went to the Human Realm, and those who went to the Human Realm were all experts.

Because, although the Eternal World had calmed down, there were still many rumors circulating. There were even people saying that in the Human Realm, there was a mutated essence left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Great Sovereign and the Heavenly Dao. If anyone could obtain the mutated essence, they would be able to ascend to the heavens in a single bound and become an existence that could contend against the Emperor Heaven. Under the drive of ambition and benefits, these people would naturally go with the flow.

Another reason was that the Dragonless Heart Sutra was too difficult to cultivate. Many people couldn't comprehend the key points of it no matter how hard they tried. In the end, they became disheartened and went to the Human Realm to search for opportunities.

Regarding these, Gu Chensha didn't stop them. He knew that the spread of the Dragonless Heart Sutra was an extremely long process. He would be resisted by the future, and even he himself would face a huge tribulation. Those who cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra would also face a huge tribulation. This was the pain and torture that must be experienced in order to overturn the future.

"Although many people in the Eternal World went to the Human Realm, there are still some who are diligently cultivating. These people are the foundation of our Yongchō's future. "

Gu Chensha said, "As for the Buddha Realm, such experts will definitely appear in the Human Realm. Moreover, there will be more and more of them. However, these are not important. That Chaotic Demonic Ape God has already completely converted to us. In the future, he will have some karma with the Buddha Realm. This matter will finally come to an end for him. " "I still have a question. It is the matter of the true body of the Emperor Of Heaven."

Lou Baiyue said, "Now it seems that the true body of the Emperor Of Heaven is the closest person to us. Since you know about this person, then tell me. I can take some precautions. Otherwise, if this person suddenly makes a move, I am afraid that I will be killed. Although my current cultivation is completely complete, if the Emperor Of Heaven makes a sneak attack on me, it will still be difficult for me to continue." "I have already prepared for this matter."

Gu Chensha suddenly flicked his finger. A ray of light containing endless information entered the depths of Lou Baiyue's mind. Lou Baiyue absorbed this information. His face showed a look of disbelief and disbelief, "What? He is the true body of the Emperor Of Heaven? How is this possible? This matter shouldn't be able to happen. " "Anything can happen. There are no exceptions."

Gu Chensha was very indifferent, "However, this matter can only be known by you. If others know, it will inevitably alert the enemy. Right now, he is stealing the fate of the Eternal World. In fact, he is even secretly analyzing and comprehending my Dragonless Mantra in an attempt to break free from the shackles of the Heavenly Court. The Emperor Of Heaven is also not someone who is willing to fall behind."

"If he comprehended the Dragonless Mantra and started cultivating, will he eventually walk the same path as us?" Lou Baiyue asked.

"Impossible. After all, he is the Emperor Of Heaven. The core of his essence is the incarnation of the Heavenly Dao. He cannot go against his own essence. The essence of the Heavenly Dao is order. "

Gu Chensha said, "Although the true body of the Heavenly Dao has collapsed, that imprint still exists in his body.

Of course, if I can completely change his mind and remove the imprint, it will be possible. But at that time, he will no longer be the Emperor Of Heaven. " "I know what to do now."

Lou Baiyue said, "The true body of the Emperor Of Heaven is hidden beside us. Actually, this is also very beneficial. We can borrow his power to perfect the entire Eternal World. Since we already know his true body, he is actually in the light while we are in the dark. "

"You can say that. However, we still have to be careful about this matter. We absolutely cannot expose him. If we do, not only will there be a disaster, but the current Emperor Of Heaven is already not the future Emperor Of Heaven. His cultivation base is higher than the future one. If we beat the grass and startle the snake, there will be a huge problem." Gu Chensha said, "So you have to silently observe." "I will definitely handle this matter properly.

Dealing with the Emperor Of Heaven is also a kind of training. It will allow my Dragonless Mantra to finally break free and let all living beings break free. "

"I will go to the human world now. You will stabilize the Eternal World. Stay there and use your Yuan Shen to completely fuse with the Eternal World."

Gu Chensha said, "The current Eternal World is a gathering of the Four Wilds, the Divine Continent, and the warships and systems left behind by the prehistoric civilization.

I will use my strongest power, the Dragonless Mantra, the hearts of all living beings, and the sacrifice of the Immortal to form the Eternal World. It is already a true undying treasure. If your Yuan Shen can completely fuse with the Eternal World, then you will be able to pass the great calamity in the future. " "I still have a calamity?"

Lou Baiyue asked doubtfully, "This time, Long Xiang Tian, Liu Chansha, King of Earth, Peacock, and the others worked together to kill me. It was very dangerous, it was one of my calamities. But I still easily passed it. So I feel that this calamity is a bit too easy. I keep feeling that there are still some things that haven't been eliminated. So that's why? "

"That's right. This is just a small calamity. The real calamity will be when the Emperor Of Heaven suddenly attacks you. At that time, you will encounter the real calamity. At that time, even I won't be able to save you. Only you will be able to resist it. Because you have fused with the Queen of Heaven's Origin, there must be some karma between you and the Emperor Of Heaven. When the Emperor Of Heaven attacks you, it is equivalent to breaking this karma. At that time, you will truly be free and free." Gu Chensha seemed to have seen through all the changes.

"If I refine the Eternal World, what will you do?" Lou Baiyue hurriedly asked.

"I don't need the Eternal World anymore." Gu Chensha smiled, "I have reached another realm.

It is a realm that even the Emperor Of Heaven cannot understand. But the Emperor Of Heaven is also improving. I can't kill him for now. "