Chapter 1140
============

Chapter 1135: Attack the Trillion

"I've long seen that these two beasts have ill intentions. They have never wanted to properly develop our universe, but instead, they have betrayed us and undermined us in all kinds of ways. Why don't we take the initiative to suppress these two beasts and completely refine them? Because they have already threatened our safety, according to the contract we signed, if everyone agrees, we have the right to completely obliterate these two people."

Wang Dong's teeth itched with hatred when he heard Xu Wenwu's words. No one liked Gu Xinjian and Gu Taxian.

These two had been sneaky and unsociable for the past million years. No one knew what they were doing in the dark, and they didn't contribute much to the universe.

These two weren't humans. One was the will of the new world, and the other was the will of the old world.

Although the two of them had become humans, their thinking and nature were different from those who were born and raised in this world.

This unimaginable universe was everyone's common property. Under the protection of this universe, there were no disasters, and everyone could live in peace. Now that these two wanted to break this protection, no one wanted to.

"In this world, these two people have already started absorbing the inconceivable will of our universe. In fact, they want our universe to collapse. The moment it collapses, they'll be able to absorb even more power. If our universe doesn't collapse, then they can only slowly absorb it. The efficiency is very slow, and they're also thinking of dealing with Chen Qi," Xu Wenwu said.

"Chen Qi is a good boss. He's protected us many times. Even though we're peerless experts, we're still in great danger. Look at how many peerless experts have died in the past million years. We're all getting stronger and stronger under Chen Qi's protection."

The Ancient God said, "Even Gu Xinjian and Gu Taxian are under Chen Qi's protection. Otherwise, that mysterious expert would have killed them a long time ago." Currently, in the entire universe, there were two "Unbelievable" level universes.

Another inconceivable universe had been born in the past million years, and its supreme being was a mysterious expert who was extremely powerful. He was also an expert with a lifespan of 900 billion years.

However, Chen Qi was currently in the process of breaking through to the trillion lifespan. If he broke through, he would once again stand at the peak of the multiverse.

Millions of years ago, in the multiverse, the four infinite, boundless universes had gathered together and formed an 'unimaginable' universe.

At that time, this cosmos was the supreme ruler of the heavens, and in the span of a million years, many endless cosmos were born. After that, it even gave birth to that inconceivable level universe. Two inconceivable universes were fighting against each other. Just like the old and new worlds back then.

At this moment, in the 'unbelievable' universe that Chen Qi was in, many strange phenomena appeared. Many experts knew that these were signs that Chen Qi was about to ascend. Chen Qi's cultivation had already reached the highest level. Once he broke through, he would once again become the absolute number one. However, it wasn't that easy to break through.

In another Unimaginable level universe, in the depths of the core, a masked man stood there, looking off into the unknown. "Chen Qi," he said in a sinister voice, "I can't believe you're trying to break through to a trillion lifespan. Unfortunately, it won't be easy to break through to that level. Let's see what you're capable of. I'll kill you at the most critical moment, and then I'll be the one to break through." "Master, how are we going to deal with Chen Qi this time?" A young man appeared beside the masked man. This young man was Qin Guang.

Qin Guang's current lifespan was still over a hundred billion years. Not only had he not improved, but he had also regressed quite a bit.

In the past million years, he hadn't had any fortuitous encounters and had suffered quite a bit. He was almost refined by others, surrounded by experts, and had even become the slave of this mysterious Paragon, the masked man. He felt very sullen, but there was nothing he could do.

"Who is this mysterious Paragon masked man?"

Qin Guang also had doubts. When he had first encountered this mysterious masked man, he had been easily suppressed by him with a single move and had almost died. In the end, he had no choice but to submit to this person and become his slave. However, he still had no idea what this person's true identity was.

Over the years, he had been observing in secret, but he hadn't found any clues or background of this mysterious masked Supreme-Being.

However, he could say with certainty that this person wasn't a combination of Zhou Qin and the other five. That was because Zhou Qin and the other five combined would definitely surpass Chen Qi's strength.

And now, this person's strength was still around 900 billion years. In reality, his cultivation wasn't as strong as Chen Qi's, and he couldn't pose any threat to Gu Chensha.

"All these years, Gu Chensha has disappeared. No experts have been able to find him. Other than that, there's also no trace of Lou Baiyue and the others. Also, Zhou Qin, Hong Yi, and the others are nowhere to be found.

In the heavens, many powerful beings don't even have the memories of these people. Logically, a million years should be enough for Zhou Qin to successfully reincarnate. However, I still haven't found any traces of this person. As long as this person doesn't die and I don't devour him, I won't be able to rest easy. " Actually, Qin Guang had a mental illness deep in his heart. It was this Zhou Qin. Back then, he had severely offended Zhou Qin. This was an irreconcilable enemy.

If Zhou Qin had been reborn, he would definitely have killed him immediately. He definitely wouldn't have given him any chance. What he wanted to do the most now was to find Zhou Qin's reincarnated body and devour this person.

Unfortunately, he hadn't found any traces of Zhou Qin in the past million years. Now, Zhou Qin must have successfully reincarnated.

"Qin Guang, do you know why I want you to be my slave?" At that moment, the mysterious Paragon masked man spoke.

"Master's magic power is boundless. It's my honor to follow Master," Qin Guang hurriedly said.

Qin Guang hurriedly said. He knew that this mysterious masked Supreme-Being was not a kind-hearted character. He was sinister and ruthless, committing all sorts of crimes. There was no limit to his viciousness. He could do anything. He was the polar opposite of Chen Qi.

Chen Qi was an absolutely righteous person. He did things fairly. Gradually, many Imperishable Realm experts were convinced by him. They felt that he had the demeanor of a king.

"I'm using you as bait." A single sentence from the mysterious Paragon masked man caused Qin Guang to feel extremely terrified.

"Qin Guang, your tribulation is coming. Back then, you caused Zhou Qin to reincarnate. Now, this person has completely reincarnated and is about to come out. Moreover, his cultivation is extremely profound. It's almost the same as mine. It's just that he hasn't displayed it yet."

The mysterious Paragon masked man said, "In the multiverse, the ones with the most potential are still those six: Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li.

If these six people work together, they can pose a threat to Gu Chensha. They might even become Gu Chensha's greatest enemies. However, if I devour Zhou Qin, I can completely plunder his fate. From there, I can devour those six people. In that case, I'll become a truly tyrannical person.

However, it's also very difficult for me to find traces of Zhou Qin. But if I capture you, I won't have to worry about Zhou Qin not coming. Because you were the one who caused him to reincarnate. He has to remove this brand before he can truly advance into that invincible realm. Otherwise, he'll be bound. " "Master, this …" Qin Guang panicked. "I don't want to die yet. Master, spare me."

A million years ago, he had appeared out of nowhere and was invincible. However, ever since he was defeated by Chen Qi, his willpower had worn down and he had become very ordinary. He thought about his peak. He hadn't been arrogant for long. He was very unwilling. But now, his life seemed to be more important.

"Don't worry, I won't kill you.

Even if Zhou Qin wants to kill you, I won't agree. If he kills you, his strength will increase by a lot. At that time, I'm afraid I won't be a match for him. If he doesn't kill you, he won't be able to sever the karma, and his strength won't increase. At that time, I'll be able to suppress him. This time, Chen Qi's tribulation will be very great. Many experts will try to kill him, and some mysterious forces of heaven and earth will attack him. The will of the multiverse will also disturb his mind, and there will even be countless systems that want to possess him. "

In the world, the wills of countless living beings would fuse together to form some powerful systems. These systems had invincible power, but they weren't humans. They couldn't have unlimited souls. They wanted to become humans, but they didn't want to have some trash as their host. And right now, Chen Qi was the best host and body.

"Many thanks, master," Qin Guang said hurriedly. But in his heart, he knew that this mysterious Paragon wasn't very reliable.

"What do I have to do to break through this tribulation?"

Qin Guang was very anxious, but his strength wasn't enough. Actually, according to logic, his strength was also a hundred billion lifespan. In the multiverse, he was a true giant. But facing the mysterious Paragon's methods, he was like a child.

"It's starting."

At this time, the mysterious Paragon grabbed Qin Guang and arrived in the inconceivable universe where Chen Qi was. Then, he saw a ball of light.

Within this ball of light, Chen Qi was spinning non-stop, and as he spun, countless forces were undergoing a transformation.

"Miraculous, miraculous." The mysterious Paragon sighed in admiration. "Is this what it means to break through a trillion lifespan? This is indeed a huge tribulation. Will you be able to break through today? " RUMBLE!

A huge beam of light appeared. Within this light, Chen Qi's body suddenly trembled, and shocking cracks appeared on it.