Chapter 510
===========

The cultivation of the Heavenly Dao Art combined with Gu Chensha's experience in all kinds of primordial mystic arts could almost remove all curses, eliminate all negative karma, and resolve all sins.

Thinking about it, even the fallen Sages who had fused with the Dao wanted to ask Gu Chensha to inject the Heavenly Dao Art into their bodies to free themselves from the rules of the Heavenly Dao. From this, it could be seen how miraculous Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Art was.

Logically speaking, Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Art was a part of the Heavenly Dao and contained omnipotent power. If cultivated to the extreme, one would be able to do anything. This was the infinite power of the Heavenly Dao. However, his cultivation level was too low.

But no matter how low his cultivation level was, using the Heavenly Dao Art to remove Jin Suibo's curse and increase his cultivation level was a piece of cake. Rumble!

Just as Gu Chensha was helping Jin Suibo remove the curse, a sudden change occurred. Above Jin Suibo's head, a space-time passageway suddenly opened. Golden light flashed within, with a hint of green light. A palm appeared from within.

This palm was pure white and translucent. It was wrapped in golden and green light, as if it was inlaid with gold and jade. It was very beautiful and pleasing to the eye.

However, this palm contained an incomparably huge world power. With a light grab, Jin Suibo and Gu Chensha were about to be sucked into it.

"It's finally here."

Bursts of light radiated from Gu Chensha's body, and he immediately blocked the attack of this palm. "The Peerless Heavenly Scripture can't hold it in any longer." This pure white palm was the Peerless Heavenly Scripture. The power of this palm was undoubtedly that of a god. But Gu Chensha was already prepared. How could he let the Peerless Heavenly Scripture succeed?

In his eyes, he had already borrowed the power of the Life's Wish sphere to see through the depths of the void. In the depths of the incomparably violent space-time turbulence, in the depths of an unknown number of parallel spaces, the shadow of a book appeared.

This book emitted a greenish-gold color all over, as if it was a gorgeous tome inlaid with gold and jade. It kept jumping between many parallel spaces, flashing amidst the turbulence. If it wasn't for the fact that Gu Chensha's mental strength had reached a certain level, and he also had the help of the Life's Wish sphere, he probably wouldn't have been able to sense the aura of this Peerless Heavenly Tome. The Peerless Heavenly Scripture was a true god.

Even though it had been severely injured by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor back then, forcing it to flee into the chaotic flow of space-time to recuperate, its strength was still at the Deity realm. It possessed immense world energy, and it also had its own origin spirit.

In essence, the Peerless Heavenly Scripture was similar to the Three Realms Seal, the Buzhou Palace, the Little Thunderclap Temple, and the Little Muni Buddhist Pagoda.

However, this Heavenly Book had been refined by generations of God-level experts of the Limitless Heavenly Sect, and it had already given birth to an Origin Spirit. Of course, the Three Realms Seal and the other magic treasures also had Origin Spirits in the past, but after encountering many tribulations, they had long perished, leaving only an empty shell.

Gu Chensha had long since gone through all kinds of calculations, and completely understood the strength of this Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

His divine will grabbed onto the main body of the Peerless Heavenly Scripture within the space-time turbulence and immediately locked onto it. Then, he mobilized the power of the sphere.

"World energy, inject!"

In an instant, an immense amount of world energy from the sphere gushed into the All Elephants Shattering Cudgel in Gu Chensha's hand. After receiving the infusion of world energy, the cudgel's true might could be unleashed. Whoosh! The cudgel grew to a gigantic size and stabbed into the space-time turbulence. The Myriad Elephants Shattering Cudgel, along with the space-time turbulence.

The cudgel once again displayed the unparalleled might that the God of Strength used to sweep through the demonic gods. Bang!

In the depths of the space-time turbulence, the main body of the Peerless Heavenly Scripture was struck by the All Elephants Shattering Cudgel, and it felt as if everything had been locked onto and the space-time around it had been completely shattered. That destructive and earth-shattering cudgel came crashing down, and any attempt to dodge would be a joke.

"Peerless Diagram!"

An intense light burst out from the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, and a picture appeared. On the picture, the Innate Tai Chi appeared, and the Tai Chi turned into the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, blocking the All Elephants Shattering Cudgel.

"World energy!"

Gu Chensha let out a wild roar once again, mobilizing the world energy stored in the sphere and infusing it into the All Elephants Shattering Cudgel.

He was enveloped by world energy, and he actually entered the space-time turbulence as well. Then, he swung the cudgel at the Peerless Heavenly Scripture again.

This cudgel was even more powerful than the first one. The entire cudgel shone brightly, and wherever its aura went, the space-time turbulence froze. Then, the cudgel moved, and with a slight movement, the frozen space-time shattered like glass, turning into something similar to a chaotic fluid that enveloped the main body of the Peerless Heavenly Scripture. Then, the second cudgel came crashing down. Weng … The Peerless Heavenly Scripture turned into a human form, a green-gold middle-aged man.

The middle-aged man grabbed with both hands again, chanting some unknown incantation to stop the cudgel. At the same time, an unparalleled mental wave spread out. "Junior, you're just a Twenty-Two Transformations character, and yet you dare to scheme against me? Do you think you can harm me just because you have a magic treasure and world energy? How can you compare to a true Deity? "

"Peerless Heavenly Scripture, you do have some tricks up your sleeve. Unfortunately, all of this is within my calculations. Do you think you can escape from the capture of our Tranquil Immortal Department?

If my guess is correct, your injuries have not healed, and the magic treasure behind me is enough to infuse world energy into you and defeat you! "

This was the first time Gu Chensha had extravagantly used the power of the sphere and allowed himself to fight to his heart's content. He was fighting head-on with the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, which was equivalent to a Deity expert. This was something he had never experienced before. He had fought a true Deity face-to-face.

In the past, he had always hidden in the shadows and used schemes to kill people with a borrowed knife, deceiving the heavens and the earth, climbing the stairs, and so on. That was because it was not easy for the sphere to accumulate world energy bit by bit.

Without the power of a Deity expert, it was not easy for the sphere to gather power. Moreover, Gu Chensha would not allow the sphere to give birth to its own Origin Spirit, because if that happened, the Origin Spirit would become the master, and he, the creator, would become an outsider. This was the reverse of a guest becoming the master.

In fact, when ordinary Deity experts refined their natal magic treasures, they would not allow the magic treasure to have its own Origin Spirit, so that they could have absolute control over the magic treasure itself. Of course, there were pros and cons to having a magic treasure's Origin Spirit.

If your strength had reached the level where you could have absolute control over everything, then letting a magic treasure have a Origin Spirit was not a big deal. Unfortunately, Gu Chensha had not reached that level yet. Kill! Gu Chensha swung his staff once again!

He had established a Small Divine Province here, and as thousands of Immortal Dao Sect Masters painstakingly built it, the scale of the purification of the living beings in the sea grew larger and larger. Countless living beings in the sea worshiped the sphere and produced Wish Power, which was then infused into the sphere, forming a torrent that was enough for Gu Chensha to squander like this.

The Small Divine Province was established to provide stable Wish Power for the Life's Wish sphere, and Gu Chensha had achieved this goal.

He used the sphere's world power and the talismans that Wen Hong, Chang Weiyang, and Tai Xuandu had given him to protect himself in the space-time turbulence.

The All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel was activated, and the cudgel techniques struck out, shattering the void and completely suppressing the Peerless Heavenly Book.

The third cudgel strike was like a mountain, and layers of cudgel shadows appeared. Countless layers of cudgel shadows pressed down, breaking through the many layers of defense that the Peerless Heavenly Book had set up in an instant, and fiercely bombarded the Peerless Heavenly Book's body. The Peerless Heavenly Book let out a mournful wail, as if it was showing signs of being defeated.

"Peerless Heavenly Book, you are only equivalent to an ordinary Deity now. There is no way you can be a match for our Tranquil Immortal Department."

Gu Chensha swung his staff again. "If we can't even take care of you, how can we fight against the Sages of the 72 Immortal Dao Sects, and even the three Heavenly Venerables? Black Yellow Dragon Emperor? Li Wanlong? "

In the past, the Tranquil Immortal Department had been petty, and they had been accumulating energy. They couldn't bear to use the energy accumulated in the sphere. Now that Gu Chensha was capturing the Peerless Heavenly Book, if they still couldn't bear to use it, then they wouldn't be able to get their hands on this fat piece of meat. One couldn't trap a wolf without sacrificing a child. The fourth cudgel strike!

Gu Chensha had made up his mind to suppress the Peerless Heavenly Book in the air with this cudgel strike, inflicting further injuries on top of its previous injuries, and then drawing it into the sphere.

In this cudgel strike, he even activated the transformations of the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Saber. He hid the enhancement of saber qi within that cudgel strike.

"Junior!"

The Peerless Heavenly Book didn't sense it. Instead, it roared furiously and burst forth with its most supreme technique, "Imperial Peerless Infinity!"

A golden jade river, green and gold intertwining with each other, appeared. It brought with it an incomparably precious aura, as if it was the true imperial way.

This long river traversed the chaotic flows of space and time, once again blocking Gu Chensha's fourth cudgel strike.

However, he hadn't expected that Gu Chensha's cudgel strike contained killing intent. It contained the saber qi of the true Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Saber. Cudgel strike! Gu Chensha's figure disappeared, turning into a gourd. The gourd opened, and saber light flashed.

"Ah!"

The Peerless Heavenly Book's own primordial spirit let out a world-shaking scream. Originally, Gu Chensha couldn't unleash the greatest power of this saber light, but now that he borrowed the power of the world of the sphere of the People's Wish to activate it, it was completely different.

In the hands of the three great Heavenly Venerables, the power of this saber light could kill Xing Qiongshi.

The quality of Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao technique was hidden very deeply, catching the Peerless Heavenly Book off guard, and it actually injured its primordial spirit. What made him tremble with fear was that he had already recognized what it was that had injured him.

"Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Saber, why do you have such a thing!" The moment this saber appeared, the Peerless Heavenly Book lost all will to fight.

This saber's ominous name had already shaken the Immemorial Era. There wasn't anyone who wasn't afraid of it. Even the three great Heavenly Venerables were wary of it, let alone others.

Thinking about the Banishing Deities technique that the three great Heavenly Venerables had comprehended from this saber, it was enough to make all the immortals in the world shiver in fear, let alone the saber itself.

All of the golden and green light retracted, and it turned back into a book. It was about to escape into the depths of the space-time turbulence. But how could Gu Chensha let it escape?

He had already planned this out. He immediately put his hands together, and once again activated the sphere's power. The power of the world surged, and layers of great formations were already set up, forming a huge whirlpool. This whirlpool seemed to gather the call of all the living beings in the world.

"Peerless Heavenly Book, come back, come back …" The will of all the living beings in the world gathered together, and a kind of mysterious call came out.

"Peerless Heavenly Book, let me show you one of the strongest techniques of our Celestial Tranquility Department, the call of all living beings!" Gu Chensha was expressionless.