Chapter 907
===========

"Sacrificial power!"

Gu Chensha waved his hand again, and a core space appeared in the depths of the Dragonless Gourd. Inside the core space was a surging sacrificial power. The Yongchō controlled the divine continent and the four wildernesses.

Now that the Heavenly Realm had lost its sun, moon, and light, only the divine continent and the four wildernesses were illuminated by the sun and moon. This led to many people coming here, under the jurisdiction of the Great Yongchō Court. In a short period of time, the fate of the Yongchō Kingdom had experienced an explosive growth. The population was also skyrocketing.

However, there were also many drawbacks. The skyrocketing population led to a mix of crooks and honest folk. Many people with ulterior motives mixed in, preparing to cause trouble.

Fortunately, the General's cultivation was getting higher, and his control was getting stronger. In addition, many people in the Dragonless Cabinet could completely control the situation. For example, Lou Baiyue, after refining the Empress of Heaven's Origin and the Regal Imperial Medallion, her cultivation had completely surpassed the future Empress of Heaven. In the entire court, she was second only to Gu Chensha.

Next were Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, Gu Huasha, Longevity God, Martial Saint, Chang Weiyang, Dou Yi Yu, and the others. They had all cultivated to the peak of the Heavenly Longevity Realm and were about to break through to the Heavenly Essence Realm. They operated the fate of the country and governed the world. Their cultivation was also greatly tempered in the surging momentum.

Governing the world, managing people's hearts, analyzing human nature, and regulating the fate of the country. This was the pinnacle of cultivation. Even those who comprehended the Heavenly Dao might not be able to comprehend the human heart. Those who comprehended the human heart would definitely be able to comprehend the Heavenly Dao.

The Imperial Court could be said to be filled with talents and experts. It could be said that even when the Heavenly Court was at its peak in the future, it might not be as powerful as the current Imperial Court. Therefore, Gu Chensha was still full of confidence for the future development.

Now, the nation's fate and the human heart's sacrificial power were constantly being activated, gathering in the core space of the Dragonless Gourd.

In the depths of the inner space, countless sacrificial powers surged like cosmic tides. Some were pure gold, some were pure white, some were sky blue, some were colorful, some were pitch-black, and some were grayish-brown.

This represented how complicated people's hearts were, and it also showed that the world was not united. Many people obeyed the Imperial Court's laws and order because the Imperial Court was powerful, but they did not truly agree with the Imperial Court's ideals. Moreover, the pitch-black, grayish-brown, and other colors represented rebellious thoughts. They wanted to constantly resist the Imperial Court, and as soon as the Imperial Court showed signs of declining, they would immediately act and rebel.

With the massive influx of people, this kind of National Fate would eventually become the majority. At that time, it would be impossible to control the situation.

However, Gu Chensha remained unmoved. His Dragonless Heart Sutra had already reached the consummate stage, and all restlessness could be suppressed, allowing him to sit on the fishing platform and allow the storm to rise. Buzz …

He extracted the sacrificial power and wrapped it with the Dragonless Heart Sutra. As it wriggled, the sacrificial power inside disintegrated, condensed, and formed countless words and runes that looked like dragons, snakes, earthworms, tadpoles, and birds.

"Dragon Rune …" Gu Chensha was shocked. The sacrificial power turned into "Dragon Runes". A giant talisman was born. This was the Dragon Rune condensed by Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra.

The Heavenly Dao could condense decrees called Heavenly Runes, which were the Heavenly Sacrificial Decrees. And Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra could also condense Dragon Runes. Moreover, the Dragon Rune condensed by Gu Chensha was much more powerful than the Heavenly Talisman.

"Anyone who is conferred a title by my Dragon Rune can become a Divergent."

Gu Chensha's voice sounded like a great bell, "Anyone who cultivates my Dragonless Heart Sutra can also become a Divergent. From now on, the Dragon Rune will completely replace the Heavenly Talisman and rule the Human World and the Heavens and Earth."

This newly born Dragon Rune was refined by Gu Chensha using the Dragonless Heart Sutra from the sacrificial hearts of the people. Only his Dragonless Heart Sutra could gather the hearts of countless people in the Four Wilds of the Divine Land to refine this Dragon Rune.

This Dragon Rune contained the deepest level of immortality, and its essence completely surpassed the Heavenly Dao.

Once the new Dragon Rune was born, it wrapped around the system and battleship left behind by the prehistoric civilization.

The battleship creaked as if it was about to shatter. Countless cracks appeared on its surface, and these cracks intertwined with each other, forming even bigger cracks. Bang!

After a month passed, the battleship collapsed into rubble, which then merged into the Dragon Rune. Because of that, the Dragon Rune's aura vastly surpassed that of the Heaven-Sacrifice Talisman. Not even the Primordial Chaos Tree, the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, the sun and moon of the Heavenly World, and the stars could match up to the Dragon Rune.

Gradually, the Dragon Rune was born, transcending all living things, transcending the great dao, transcending the future, transcending fate, transcending karma, transcending fate, transcending space-time, transcending all living things, and transcending one's own heart.

Apparently, only the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven could stand up to the Dragon Rune. However, the potential of the Dragon Rune surpassed that of the Emperor Of Heaven. The Dragon Rune refined the battleship. Unfortunately, the One God System was still inside the core of the battleship.

The One God System was still inside Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness, chanting some mysterious mnemonic over and over again in an attempt to wrest away Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra. Right now, both of them were in a situation where either one of them would die, or the other would.

The system was the crystallization of the prehistoric technological civilization, and contained deathless power. Furthermore, it had been baptized by the dao of heaven, and was even stronger than before. For the moment, Gu Chensha couldn't do anything to it.

"Even if you managed to refine this battleship, Gu Chensha, you still wouldn't be able to do anything to me."

The ancient voice of the system was completely emotionless. "On the contrary, I've already peered into the secrets of your Dragonless Heart Sutra. In fact, I've already begun absorbing your destiny and sacrifices. As you try to assimilate me, I'll use your power to recover."

"You're definitely strong," Yang Qi said. "But the more you act like that, the more I need to assimilate you. Apparently, you have no idea how powerful my Dragon Rune is."

Gu Chensha said approvingly. "I let you know the secrets of my Dragonless Heart Sutra so that you can progress. As you progress, you'll absorb the destiny and sacrifices to strengthen yourself. At the same time, you'll bear the karma of all living beings, and the burden of all living beings. As long as you bear that burden, you'll be one with me, and I'll be able to refine you.

It's like a country. No matter which emperor comes to power, he or she has to appease the common people, increase production, improve the laws, and strengthen the rule. " Gu Chensha waved his finger. Instantly, massive amounts of sacrificial power flowed into the system.

All of a sudden, the system erupted with intense light, which expanded infinitely, illuminating every corner of the Dragonless Bottle Gourd. Not a single trace of darkness could be found.

The Dragonless Gourd was stimulated by the expansion of the system, and the space inside began to expand as well. Universes, worlds, and even primal-chaos began to appear.

"No …!" The system's will was trembling.

The system could sense that its power was recovering and growing stronger, but its karma with all living beings was growing deeper and deeper. It was now actively seeking benefits for all living beings, and refining the divine continent and the four wilds.

"Resist the four wilds and the divine continent!"

At that moment, Gu Chensha used the system's power to attack the divine continent and the four wilds.

In an instant, all of the power of the divine continent and the four wilds swept over and launched their strongest counterattack. This counterattack turned into a destructive storm that descended upon the Dragonless Gourd.

The Dragonless Gourd was now filled with boundless light because of the system. The system of the prehistoric civilization first faced the divine continent and the four wilds' counterattack.

The system's power was suppressed to the limit, and the divine continent and the four wilds' counterattack gradually weakened.

"Very well, now's the time."

Gu Chensha's body moved, and the Dragonless Heart Sutra's Dragon Talisman slowly spread out, covering the system and the four wilds.

At that moment, the people living in the Eternal Dynasty saw something that looked like a crystal wall spreading out rapidly. In the blink of an eye, it completely covered the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wastelands. Then it turned into a sky and a curtain that covered the entire Divine Prefecture and the Four Wastelands. It penetrated deep into the ground.

The Four Wastelands and the Divine Prefecture were no longer restless. They had completely calmed down. Almost all the people and creatures living in this land felt extremely peaceful, tranquil, and comfortable. It was as if they could live here in peace for all eternity. The people's hearts had unknowingly settled down.

"Not bad, not bad."

Gu Chensha felt the change in the fate of the country, and was secretly delighted. At that moment, he knew that he had refined the divine continent and the four wilds, and there would be no more natural or man-made disasters. The remaining time was for the divine continent and the four wilds to gradually fuse with the Dragonless Gourd. In the end, the Dragonless Gourd would become an existence similar to the Heavenly Realm, and as it expanded, it would eventually devour the Heavenly Realm.

At that moment, the divine continent was finally refined. This was significant, because it meant that the Heavenly Court would no longer exist in the future. Even if the Emperor Of Heaven appeared, without the Heavenly Court, it would be useless.

At the same time, the system of the prehistoric technological civilization gradually shrank, fusing with the power of the four wilds and the Dragonless Gourd. The last bit of profound meaning entered Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra.

Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra expanded again, and then slowly stabilized. The core of the Dragonless Heart Sutra was the Dragon Talisman. This Dragon Talisman had a much more powerful aura than the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree. For example, the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree was a piece of waste paper, while the Dragon Talisman was the condensed essence of the supreme laws, representing infinity, inaction, immeasurable, limitless, limitless …