Chapter 426
===========

The three Ape God Gods weren't idiots. They knew that Gu Chensha wouldn't come so easily. He definitely had a trump card. They were all plotting.

If Gu Chensha didn't have a trump card, they definitely wouldn't believe it. How could the Lord of Seven Stars be so easy to deal with?

That was why the three Ape God Gods didn't want to attack yet. They wanted Ape Desolation to see what Gu Chensha's trump card was. Only then could they think of a way to counter it. Otherwise, if they attacked without knowing anything, they might just fall into a trap.

Although the three Ape Godkings were extremely arrogant, they weren't blindly looking down on the Celestial Calmness Department. After all, back when the Lord of Seven Star had been born, her Death-Exemption Talismans had shaken the world, and not even many Saints had been able to do anything to her.

Although the Calmness Immortal Division no longer had anything like the Death Immunity Talisman, everyone knew that Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha were characters highly regarded by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. What if the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor left behind some trump cards?

"Yes!"

Ape Desolation heard the three ancestors speak, so he decided to attack Gu Chensha. Last time, he had activated an incarnation. Although he had only used a tenth of his power, it was still extremely terrifying. However, Gu Chensha had suppressed him, causing him to suffer heavy losses. Zhuge Ya had even used a curse, which had affected his main body. If it hadn't been for the Yin Yang Ghost Ape, he would have already died. This time, he wanted Gu Chensha to experience what it felt like to be better off dead. Kill!

This time, Ape Desolation's main body was here, so he went all out. Although his power wasn't as great as Jing Qiu's, he still had the Undying Body of the 25th Transformation. He punched out. His fist was filled with endless transformations, and his magic power shook. It contained the laws of the Undying. It was impossible to break, interrupt, block, or destroy.

The Undying Body was formed when one's magic power was used to the extreme. It was extremely difficult to destroy, which was why it was called Undying.

The 20th Transformation, Convergence, Dispersion, Impermanence. After cultivating magic power, it was the 21st Transformation, transforming into the Five Elements. Magic power merged with the five elements, giving one the power to transform the five elements. Next was to comprehend the attributes of all things in the world, becoming the 22nd Transformation of Heaven and Earth. Magic power was further condensed.

Next was See the Past and Peek into the Future, comprehending the mysteries of time, and finally achieving the Undying Body.

The Undying Body could manipulate the past and the future, calculate all sorts of things, and was known as the Undying Body. Its own magic power was also extremely refined, and basically could not be defeated. Now, Ape Desolation was attacking with full power, and Gu Gu Chensha felt a great deal of pressure.

Gu Chensha's expression turned solemn as the pressure rolled over. However, he looked delighted. This time, he was fighting against a cultivator with an undying body under the pressure of the three Ape Gods and a God-level expert. He was surrounded by a horde of demons and was fighting against a cultivator with an undying body.

The quality of the Desolate Ape's magic power was the Vajra Technique. It was not trash like Jing Fanxing. Although it was not as good as Jing Qiu, its every move contained great power.

"t", "Qiu" t "t," t "'t". "Gu"., "t". "ve". "t with" t "t" t with, he. Gu "ve ve ve" T "a" t "t he."

"Gu Chensha" s magic power was of the Diamond Technique, and it was between the True Dragon Technique and the True Dragon Technique. If he could comprehend a certain principle, he would be able to completely master the True Dragon Technique. "

With Gu Chensha's level of cultivation back then, he could easily capture Ape Desolation, which had only one-tenth of its power. He could still suppress it with two-tenths of its power. Against three-tenths or four-tenths of its power, he could only defeat it. He could not capture it alive. Against five-tenths of its power, he could only fight to a draw. If Ape Desolation had used sixty-seventy percent of its power, Gu Chensha would have been the one running.

Now, Gu Chensha had been tempered by the Cosmic Thunder Pool. His cultivation level had increased again, and his power had increased a lot. However, it seemed that he was still lacking to deal with Ape Desolation, who had gone all out. After all, the difference in cultivation level was too great.

The other party's magic power was under his control. Even if Gu Chensha used all his power, he would not be able to cause much damage to Ape Desolation's undying body.

The key was that Gu Chensha did not want to use his trump card fist techniques. For example, if he used the Son of Heaven Investiture God Technique's Sun and Moon Shine Together and the Great Massacre God Technique's Dusk of the Gods, they would have great destructive power. However, they would be exposed in front of this group of monsters.

Now, Gu Chensha was using the Common People Mend Heaven Technique that he had created himself. Perfecting this technique was the true foundation.

"Kill!" Gu Chensha also punched out, fighting with Ape Desolation. In an instant, the two of them had exchanged thousands of blows.

When Gu Chensha's fist landed on Ape Desolation's body, there was no response. All the power was neutralized by Ape Desolation's undying body. When Ape Desolation's fist landed on Gu Chensha's body, the power was absorbed. It did not break his body into pieces.

"This kid's physical body is so strong." Yin Yang Ghost Ape, Thousand Transformation Stone Ape, and King Kong Fighting Ape looked at each other and frowned.

Logically, as long as one mastered magic power, it would be easy to tear apart the physical body of Ruyi Nineteen Transformation.

Generally speaking, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence at Twenty Transformation would be able to crush Nineteen Transformation. As for Undying Body against Nineteen Transformation? In the blink of an eye, he would be annihilated. But now, Ape Desolation could not even take care of Gu Chensha? The key was that Gu Chensha did not use any treasures. He was relying on his own power? If Gu Chensha was allowed to grow, what would happen? Que Ying 'er and Que Huang' er watched with trepidation.

They were also very strong, but they would probably be killed in an instant when facing Gu Chensha. When they saw this scene, a strong desire arose in the two women, and that was to kill Gu Chensha.

The Three Divine Apes were the same. They were all God-tier experts with sharp eyes. They could naturally see that Gu Chensha's potential was almost limitless. If Gu Chensha was allowed to continue developing like this, even if he advanced to Twenty Transformation and cultivated magic power, it would still be a huge threat to the Demon Clan.

Thinking about it, at Nineteen Transformation, he could fight evenly with the Ape Clan Leader, Ape Desolation. If he advanced, how powerful would he be?

All the demons present were experts, and they knew the difference between Nineteen Transformation and Twenty Transformation.

"Die, kid!"

All of a sudden, the Ape Clan Leader, Ape Desolation, let out a fierce howl. After all, his cultivation level was high, and he had control of the situation. He already knew that Gu Chensha's Core Qi could not do much harm to him.

Immediately, he channeled his magic power and hugged his hands. As he rubbed them, a ball of Demonic Qi burst out. The Demonic Qi was dark gold in color, and as it circulated, it turned into thousands of colors. It was bizarre and dazzling, and it immediately wrapped around Gu Chensha.

"This is the Ape Clan's Natural Mystique, World of Lust Art of Parting Hatred!

Legend has it that it is a supreme spell that the Four Divine Apes have comprehended for thousands of years. It uses the Five Skandhas of the World of Lust as the foundation, the Six Desires of the World of Lust as the support, and the Heaven of Parting Hatred as the true essence. This is unimaginable. "

Que Ying 'er said, "Once this spell is unleashed, I'm afraid this kid will not be able to withstand it, because this spell is not an attack of magic power, but an illusion that reverses the realms. It contains the supreme Sky Demon Technique, the true essence of Daoism, the universe of Immortals, and the transformations of Demonic Dao. Legend has it that once you are enveloped by this spell, you will develop an illusion that overturns the world you know in the past, and you will die from qi deviation."

This World of Lust Art of Parting Hatred was a special kind of divine art. It was not an attack, but one that overturned the world you knew. For example, if you thought that the ground beneath your feet was square, this spell would tell you that the ground beneath your feet was actually round, and there would be all sorts of information to prove that all your previous thoughts were wrong.

This was a type of divine art that could destroy one's worldview, one's understanding, and one's Daoist heart. It was extremely powerful, and almost unstoppable.

No matter how strong one's physical body was, or how high one's cultivation base was, one would not be able to withstand this divine art.

Indeed, the moment Gu Chensha was enveloped by it, he immediately felt a huge amount of information surging towards him. This information carried with it an irrefutable logic, which overturned everything he knew. His cultivation philosophy, his understanding of the vicissitudes of the human world, and even his various ways of doing things in the past, he felt that they were all extremely wrong.

It was as if there was a supreme wisdom that was enlightening him, causing him to lay down the butcher's knife and become a new man. Everything in the past was just an illusion.

"What a powerful divine art!"

Gu Chensha was almost lost. Luckily, he was a strong cultivator who had created his own Dao, and was constantly comprehending the mysteries of it, which strengthened his own philosophy. Therefore, all his ideals were not overturned in an instant. However, under this level of attack, he started to doubt his own Dao.

At that moment, his Daoist heart became unstable, and the energy in his body started to go berserk, as if it was about to explode.

"This kid's heart is indeed a little lacking."

The Yin Yang Ghost Ape could sense everything. "If he can withstand the Lust World Separation Hatred Art that we created, then I'll really have to kill him."

"This art was obtained by us four brothers after searching for the ruins of the ancient Buddha. After a narrow escape, we obtained the cultivation method from the ruins. After comprehending it, we fused it with our own Demon Dao to create this art. From the perspective of truth and Daoist heart, this art can definitely allow the weak to defeat the strong."

The Thousand Transformations Stone Ape said, "But this kid's body contains a lot of power. If he goes berserk, he won't be able to control it. If he explodes, the power will not be small."

"Don't worry. Even if he explodes, we can still collect all his memories. This Minor Sumeru Peak is originally a place that we control. Nothing can leak out. Everything is in the Paradise," the Diamond Warape said.

"What a powerful divine art. It's definitely not something that the four great apes can create. Instead, it's similar to the divine arts of the Buddha that disappeared. Legend has it that there was a Buddha in the ancient times, and it's definitely different from the Immortal Dao. This Buddha came from nowhere, and no one knows where he went. It's just a flash in the pan, and the Brahman Family left behind in the human world has some connection to the Buddha."

Gu Chensha still had some wisdom in his heart. "But according to the ancient secret records, the Buddha was born from the Hongmeng Tree." The Hongmeng Tree could give birth to anything, including living beings.

"Everything is a mistake. You are covered in sin. Let go of the past."

At this moment, the Ape Clan Leader, Ape Desolation, emitted golden light from his body. It was extremely holy, and it was the light of liberation.