Chapter 637
===========

"In the end, the Warlord has been resurrected.

If my guess is correct, it was Wan Senshi who helped him recover. Otherwise, given the extent of his death, not even the old antiques would be able to do anything. Only an unfathomable existence like Wan Senshi could bring him back to life so quickly.

Wan Senshi's overall strength is far above our Calmness Department. If he wanted to, he could wipe us out. But he's also afraid of father's power. The lesson from the Lightning Essence and Lightning Blood was still fresh in his mind.

That's why Wan Senshi has been plotting a few things. He's set up his pawns and is constantly testing the limits of his power.

Furthermore, he'll activate the Great Ritual of Salvation in an attempt to devour father. It's a marvelous plan, and it has the ability to unite all living beings. Unfortunately, he has two problems he can't solve. First, he can't scheme against my Heavenly Dao Arts. Second, he's afraid of father. With these two factors, he won't be able to do as he pleases. "

Gu Chensha's intelligence was nothing to be scoffed at. He wasn't the slightest bit afraid of Wan Senshi in a battle of wits and courage.

"I can sense that Wan Senshi is actually cultivating a Warlord. I also know that he's set up pawns everywhere. For example, Jing Fanxing, who I crippled, seems to have received his help and recovered his strength. Since that's the case, I'll harvest him again."

Gu Chensha knew that Wan Senshi's plans were no trivial matter, but he also had a plan to create a diversion.

Right now, his true body was with Dou Yiyu, Ling Shaofei, and the others, but his Heavenly Dao Arts were enough to confuse them.

Even the Dharma Saint had been confused. Dou Yiyu was unfathomable, but there was no way he could see through Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Transformations. Whoosh! Gu Chensha left behind the "Unfettered Emptiness" body and fled with his true body. He was going to harvest Jing Fanxing, the small leek, and then the big leek, the Warlord.

At the same time, Jing Fanxing was Wan Senshi's chess piece. Thus, when Gu Chensha dealt with this chess piece, it meant that he had officially started fighting with Wan Senshi.

Up until now, in the confrontation between Wan Senshi and Jingxian Si, Wan Senshi had gained the upper hand and captured Yuhuan Lu. It was still tied to the golden watch.

Up until now, Gu Chensha still hadn't been able to rescue Yuhuan Lu. In this way, it would be a huge blow to the reputation of the Calm Immortal Department. At the same time, in the Profound Immortal Dao Sect, Wan Senshi's prestige skyrocketed.

Moreover, Wan Senshi could casually capture a God of Destruction. Even the fifth-ranked God under the Three Heavenly Sovereigns was afraid of it. This caused all the cultivators to realize that following Wan Senshi was the right choice.

In short, Wan Senshi was slowly laying out his plans, accumulating prestige and influence. At the most critical moment, there would be a sudden explosion that would cause great damage to the Calm Immortal Department.

Gu Chensha was also very good at laying out plans. He would definitely not allow such a thing to happen. Thus, he wanted to destroy each chess piece one by one, destroying Wan Senshi's plans.

Of course, Warlord's plan was a trap. Gu Chensha didn't touch him for now. Instead, he went to find Jing Fanxing and slowly probe him. Perhaps this time, he could use Jing Fanxing to confront Wan Senshi.

Moreover, now that the Dharma Saint could ascend at any time, Wan Senshi would definitely make all sorts of arrangements. This was the perfect time to destroy Wan Senshi's chess pieces.

As expected, Dou Yiyu didn't know that Gu Chensha's true body had left. He was still chatting cheerfully with Ling Shaofei.

In the blink of an eye, Gu Chensha borrowed the power of the dimensional realm to arrive at the Holy Sama Empire in the depths of the desert. Then, he didn't act rashly. Instead, he began to observe.

"Hm?"

Gu Chensha observed for a long time, but he didn't see any movement from Jing Fanxing. He couldn't help but feel puzzled. "Wan Senshi must have used some secret technique or given Jing Fanxing some magical treasure to prevent him from being discovered by experts. But the Holy Sama Empire's fortune has skyrocketed recently, and its population has increased. There have been many changes. This is definitely a fundamental change."

He wanted to find Jing Fanxing, but now he couldn't find him. He couldn't even calculate where he was. This was a rather difficult problem.

Logically speaking, Jing Fanxing should be overseeing the Holy Sama Empire and running the empire's affairs.

"Humph!

Wan Senshi, if I'm helpless against such a small scheme, then there's no need for me to continue living. I might as well stretch out my neck and let you slaughter me. "

Gu Chensha pondered for a moment. Looking at the Holy Sama Empire's rolling fortune, his body suddenly disintegrated, turning into many clouds and cool winds. They fused with heaven and earth and blew across the entire empire's continent.

The desert wind was mighty to begin with. Sometimes it was fierce, sometimes it was gentle, and sometimes it was scorching and dry.

Gu Chensha now had the cultivation of the twenty-fifth transformation of the Dao Realm, the "Undying Body". When he turned into the desert wind, no one could tell whether it was real or fake. Because he himself was the wind. The wind was mighty, blowing across the entire empire.

In the blink of an eye, all the information about the empire had been absorbed into Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness. Gu Chensha withdrew his body and returned to his true body.

Then, he changed again and again, turning into a ball of light. According to the information he had just obtained, he completely appeared in the light.

"The cause of all living beings, the effect of one's own actions."

A voice came from the ball of light that Gu Chensha had transformed into. "Jing Fanxing, no matter how well you hide, governing the entire empire and obtaining the worship of all living beings is equivalent to being involved in karma with all living beings. You will never be able to escape. I will use all living beings as the foundation and follow the vine to the melon. I will be able to find you.

This is my own comprehension. Even Wan Senshi would not be able to guess that I have already cultivated to this level. " Gu Chensha was activating the power of the twenty-four transformations, "Peek into the Future".

As he continued to change, he had already turned into a mirror. In the mirror, the Holy Sama Empire appeared. Then, a huge amount of fortune and the karma of all living beings entangled in the void and pointed to two people. One was Jing Qiu, the true founder of the empire, and the other was Jing Fanxing, the current ruler of the empire.

As for the original emperor of the Holy Sama Empire, he had now been completely overthrown by the Jing family. With Jing Qiu's support, the nobles of the empire could only resign themselves to their fate.

As Gu Chensha did his best to calculate, Jing Qiu had already appeared. He was actually in the realm of all things.

Meanwhile, Jing Fanxing was wandering around the old capital of the Divine Central Continent, as if he had already encountered some sort of fortuitous encounter.

"Bow of Liberation! Arrow of Permanence and Impermanence! " At this moment, Gu Chensha activated the treasure!

The greatest realm of this treasure was not its destructive power, but its ability to free oneself, and then allow one to understand the permanence and impermanence.

After seizing this treasure from the hands of the Fan family, Gu Chensha had constantly studied it. When put together, this treasure was the character for Buddha.

The supreme Buddha had comprehended the mysteries of Buddha from this bow and arrow. Now, Gu Chensha himself possessed a great deal of knowledge, and had also obtained the power of the Heavenly Dao. Compared to the supreme Buddha of the past, he had an even greater advantage. He used this bow and arrow to carry out a series of plans.

"Man and Treasure as One!"

At this time, Gu Chensha poured all of the power of his dimensional realm into the treasure. He and the treasure became one, and a great deal of information was transmitted into the depths of his mind. He transformed into the character for Buddha. One man, one bow, two arrows. This was Buddha.

When combined, it contained supreme mysteries. Gu Chensha's Spiritual Sense skyrocketed, and he was on the verge of perceiving the secrets of the Buddhist Sects. The reason he wanted to refine these two arrows and this bow was because he feared that he would have many dealings with the Buddhist Sects in the future.

As soon as the character for Buddha appeared, a lifeless and indestructible aura spread out. However, it was impossible for Gu Chensha to completely refine this treasure.

The power of this treasure was far greater than what it seemed on the surface. The more Gu Chensha studied it, the more profound it seemed. In the hands of the Fan family, this treasure hadn't been able to display its full power.

As soon as it transformed into the character for Buddha, Gu Chensha's body vanished. He had truly broken free from karma, completely freed. This was one of Gu Chensha's killing moves.

In the next moment, he arrived in the Divine Continent. In the old capital city, the character for Buddha immediately locked onto Jing Fanxing.

At this time, Jing Fanxing had also changed. He had become a scholar, as if he were traveling the world. He lived in a Taoist temple on South Mountain, just outside the old capital city.

South Mountain used to be a hunting ground for the royal family. In the past, Gu Chensha had followed the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor here to hunt.

Now, South Mountain had been developed into a tourist destination. Many rich and powerful people bought real estate and built manors. Some cultivators also bought land to build Taoist temples and lived here in the hopes of finding some fortuitous encounters.

The Taoist temple that Jing Fanxing lived in was a secret agent left behind by Wu Dangkong. The temple wasn't large, and was located in a valley on South Mountain. It had red walls and glazed tiles, and it gave off a sense of wealth and honor.

"The Life-and-Death Disillusionment Technique is really mysterious. I'm going to break through very soon after I cultivate this technique."

Jing Fanxing was cultivating in the Taoist temple. "This technique is much more mysterious than the various secret techniques of the Black Heaven Earth Sect. However, although I've been nurtured by the sect leader, he's only using me. He hasn't taught me the most brilliant secret techniques. Moreover, even the founder of the Black Heaven Earth Sect, the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth, is probably not as good as this Wan Senshi. The teachings I've received from Wan Senshi are really amazing."

As Jing Fanxing breathed in and out, he emitted the aura of a born Sage. It was the Holy Dragon Pill that Wan Senshi had given him to help him refine the medicinal power. Then, he opened his mouth and spat out. A picture appeared in a gust of Essence Qi.

This was the precious treasure that Wan Senshi had given him, the Dao-Seeking Painting. Within it was a minor world tree, and Jing Fanxing was currently trying to decipher its secrets.

"This minor world tree can actually steal one's destiny. It's what Wan Senshi discovered after observing the Heaven-Offering Talisman and the Primordial Tree. If I can fully understand it, I can steal the destiny of others and make my own destiny skyrocket. My future will be bright, and I'll get whatever I want." Jing Fanxing continued to study. "I'll find a time to distribute these leaves."