Chapter 702
===========

Male.

The Common People's Wish sphere in the medium-class world shone brightly, displaying all kinds of powers and bizarre scenes.

The World Tree grew out of the medium-class world, traversing many space-time turbulences to stabilize a part of the void. On the branches of the World Tree, there were now six large and small worlds.

These six large and small worlds were the Taiyi Mystical Sect, the Heavenly Dance Mystical Sect, the Universe Mystical Sect, the Small Divine Prefecture, the Fulushou World, and the New Divine Prefecture that Yuhuan Lu had just obtained.

The World Tree transmitted a huge amount of power into the New Divine Prefecture, immediately causing waves of scriptures to ripple throughout the entire New Divine Prefecture.

These scriptures seeped into the depths of the minds of everyone in the New Divine Prefecture to carry out the deepest level of brainwashing. This was the "Great People's Salvation Sutra".

At this time, the Common People's King also activated the power of the medium-class world to help Yuhuan Lu purify all the powerful beings in the New Divine Prefecture.

The New Divine Prefecture was a contact point that Wan Senshi had painstakingly created. It was one of Wan Senshi's grand plans. Countless cultivators from sects, aristocratic families, and even many other forces from the Mainland of Infinity came to live, communicate, do business, and buy land. It was prosperous and had great luck.

Now that Gu Chensha had done this, many of the experts in the New Divine Prefecture were trapped inside and could no longer escape. They could only accept the result of being brainwashed by the "Great People's Salvation Sutra".

Of course, there was no lack of experts among them. It was still impossible to brainwash all the cultivators in the New Divine Prefecture in a short period of time. It had to be done slowly.

Fortunately, it was now suppressed in the World Tree. With the power of the other five large and small worlds, as well as the medium-class world, there was also the Common People's King, a Heavenly Venerable, as well as countless luck and fate energy to support it. The New Divine Prefecture could not escape from the Celestial Tranquility Department's palm at all.

Yuhuan Lu participated in the suppression. Her cultivation still needed to be honed and truly become one with the treasure. Then, she would completely merge the New Divine Prefecture and her own Divine Prefecture Body into one. Her punches were boundless and domineering.

After going through this ordeal, Yuhuan Lu was qualified to become one of the big shots of the Tranquil Immortal Department.

Gu Chensha rescued Yuhuan Lu, and even seized Wan Senshi's New Divine Prefecture. Not only did he wash away all the shame of the Calming Immortal Department, but he also reestablished his invincible dignity.

After this matter was publicized, Gu Chensha knew that the destiny of the world would once again skyrocket, causing the accumulation of the Celestial Tranquility Department to become even denser.

"Next, we'll sweep through the Immortal Dao and have all seventy-two mysterious gates belong to the Calming Immortal Department. When that time comes, we won't have any stage fright when dealing with the Dharma Saint, the Devil Calamity, or even Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master. He would start with the Black Heaven Earth Gate.

Once we subjugate it and take a medium-sized world, wouldn't the other seventy-two mysterious gates of the immortal dao surrender at the mere sight of us? "

Gu Chensha couldn't help but roar when he saw that things had stabilized, and that Wan Senshi had regained control of the situation. In the blink of an eye, he reached the depths of the turbulence, where Xingqiong's will had already locked onto him.

"I really underestimated you, Gu Chensha. Your calculations of the Divine Prefecture Body's hundred-fold Dao of Sacrifice were actually correct. You used Yuhuan Lu as an experiment, and she actually devoured the New Divine Prefecture in the blink of an eye. Wan Senshi's efforts were all for naught. That said, you and I made an agreement, so give me your experience." "Hahaha!"

Gu Chensha laughed heartily. "Many thanks to you, Lord Xingqiong. I won't go back on my word, but I hope to make an exchange with you. How about I take the position of true god of the Five Seasons?

Now, the position of Real God doesn't seem to be of much use to you. Even if you want to train five Real Gods to be your helpers, the position of Real God is actually of no use to your subordinates. You might as well give it to my subordinates. That way, they'll be put to good use.

Help me refine a medium-sized world, and I'll give you the position of true god of the Five Seasons. "

Xing Qiongshi didn't back down in the slightest. "A True God's potential is equivalent to tens of Deities or more. If the Gods of the Five Seasons under your command are reincarnated and become True Gods, their power will immediately skyrocket. In time, you'll have several hundred Deities under your command. This will be very beneficial to your rule." "Very well."

Gu Chensha knew that obtaining the position of true god of the Five Seasons from Xingqiong wouldn't be an easy task. He waved his hand. "I don't have the ability to refine a medium-sized world. Last time, I was lucky. I borrowed a lot of power, including the wealth left behind by the ancient Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, and even his own body. I also had countless fortuitous encounters and resources to refine a medium-sized world. Do you think it'll be so easy for me to duplicate it again?" Even an empyrean would find it extremely difficult to refine a medium-sized world.

Xingqiong had reached the Celestial Longevity realm, but he still couldn't succeed. He needed the help of Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao magic in order to recover.

"I don't need your resources. I just need your Heavenly Dao magic to help me refine a world. Your Heavenly Dao magic is what I'm lacking, so I'll provide most of the materials. Also, if you help me refine a medium-sized world, it'll be a great tempering for you. What do you say?" "Give me some time to think about it."

Gu Chensha sent out a will and passed on all the experience he had just gained to Xing Qiongshi. He was not stingy at all. This was a hidden chess piece, and if the Divine Prefecture encountered any problems in the future, it would definitely play a crucial role.

This was because the 100th layer of the Divine Continent's Body was the Dao of Sacrifice. If Xingqiong wanted to cultivate it, he would have to sacrifice himself first.

"You're really something."

Xing Qiongshi accepted Gu Chensha's comprehension and fell into deep thought for a long time before he opened his eyes. No one knew what he was thinking in the depths of his heart. "However, this comprehension is using the new Divine Continent as an experiment. The true Divine Continent is far from being like this." "In any case, I enriched your divine continent's Body, didn't I?"

Gu Chensha said. "The two of us have a good foundation for cooperation. We can fight against the three empyreans and other existences together.

As for the matter of forming a medium-sized world, I still have to be on guard. If you refine me into it, I'm afraid I won't be able to escape. After all, I'm not your match yet.

How about this? If you can help me reach the God level, I'll immediately help you refine a medium-sized world. "

"If you help me refine a medium-sized world first, it'll be of great benefit to you when you reach the God level."

Xingqiong said, "Actually, you've cultivated the Heavenly Dao magic. Every time you advance, you're going against the heavens. If it weren't for Gu Taxian messing up the Heavenly Dao and tangling with it, you'd probably already be dead. Don't be fooled by how you can shake the heavens and shake the world, and how those old antiques can't do anything to you.

But if the Heavenly Dao gains the upper hand, your power will immediately fade away. The Heavenly Dao might even strip you of your Heavenly Dao magic, because you've already taken over its authority. "

When Gu Chensha heard Xingqiong's words, he knew very well that his Heavenly Dao magic was even more terrifying than a Divergent's. It was only because of the Heavenly Talisman Grand Emperor's bloodline and the suppression of the Heavenly Dao that he had succeeded in cultivating it. If the Heavenly Dao gained the upper hand, his Heavenly Dao magic would immediately be noticed, and he would be forced back to his original state. In fact, he might even encounter an unprecedented tribulation. His destiny would be whittled away, and he would die. Of course, he wasn't worried. In fact, he hoped that the challenge would come sooner.

"There's nothing to be afraid of. Only when there's pressure will there be motivation. I really want the Heavenly Dao to make a move against me. Let me see how it plans to kill me.

Even an old antique like Wan Senshi might be able to defeat me, but killing me would be extremely difficult. Right now, I want to feel the pressure of death. Only then can I break through. "Gu Chensha smiled." Exalted Xingqiong, I've fulfilled my promise. Farewell. " As he spoke, his silhouette flickered as he vanished from the spacetime turbulence.

Next, he had to help Yuhuan Lu convert and brainwash the experts of the new divine continent. If not, Yuhuan Lu would have to waste a lot of time.

Yuhuan Lu had to quickly gain control of the new divine continent. After that, she would be able to unite the divine continent. After that, she would appear to suppress the people who had submitted to Wan Senshi. That would be equivalent to announcing to the world that the Calmness Immortal Division had made a comeback.

"Each and every member of the Calmness Immortal Division has a great destiny. They are all enveloped by a halo of light. They are unkillable, and the more they fight, the stronger they become. In the end, they would take revenge on those who bullied them. In any case, each and every member of the Calmness Immortal Division has to give the outside world the impression that we are the main characters of the world." Gu Chensha silently mused. He once again returned to the interior of the orb containing the Common People's Wishes. This time, many things that needed to be done had finally come to an end.

He had swindled the Dharma Saint once and succeeded in cultivating the Common People's Wishes. He had swindled Wan Senshi once and obtained the new divine continent as well as several powerful innate spirit treasures. Gu Chensha was quite satisfied. He had to digest what he had gained this time and truly become the stored strength of the Calmness Immortal Division. Otherwise, being too greedy wouldn't be a good thing. Gu Chensha returned to his dimensional realm. Everything quieted down.

After a long time, many powerful existences noticed that Wan Senshi didn't make another move to regain his face. They knew that Wan Senshi might not be able to do anything to the Calmness Immortal Division.

Several days later, many powerhouses learned that Wan Senshi had suffered a great loss and lost the new divine continent. Many powerhouses felt a deep sense of dread towards the Calmness Immortal Division.

As a result, the world was very peaceful and the imperial court continued to develop. Even some demons didn't dare to come out and harass the common people.

At this moment, in the Barbarian Capital City, in the Crown Prince's residence in the imperial palace, Crown Prince Gu Xuansha was respectfully standing in front of a person. This person was a god.

He held a huge ax in his hand. This ax seemed to have a clear and turbid sound, as if it was about to split heaven and earth. This was the God Destroying Ax, the Clear and Turbid Ax.

"Lord God Destroying, what instructions do the three Heavenly Venerables have for me?"

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha didn't dare to be arrogant in front of the God Destroying Ax. Although his cultivation had been going well recently and he had some fortuitous encounters, he was only at the Dao Realm 27 Changes. The God Destroying Ax could kill him with one slap at any time. .....

My Sina Weibo's lucky draw is still going on. Quickly repost it and you will have a chance to get the iPhone 7!

Also, if you don't get it, you can join our lucky draw group. The lucky draw group 1 is already full. Please add group 2: 202641806 and group 3: 327727152.

Hangzhou locals can privately message Scumbag Ge and Little Five. Through this, they can come to my martial arts dojo to play and shoot videos together. The videos that my book friends and I shoot can be found on my Sina Weibo.

A few days ago, the Godly Arms Battalion's Brother Wish and Frozen filmed one. They cheated Ge of millions of money and a car. It was very fun. In the lucky draw group, there will be regular lucky draws. Book fans can also get the iPhone 7.

As long as you enter the group and speak, you will be noticed by the Godly Arms Battalion's administrator and get a prize! = = The free mobile reader is online! More than one million free reading. Smart bookshelf management. What you like will never be lost! We are committed to creating a better reading experience. Come and follow our official WeChat account. (Press and hold for three seconds to copy) Download the free reader.