Chapter 1081
============

Chapter 223 Being Arrogant Again

When Wen Tingyu appeared, he held a folding fan in his hand, looking elegant and insufferably arrogant. It was as if he had grasped all the truth of the world and could control all the situations.

But now, under Zhao Jiangshan's Mutual Destruction, he basically had no power to fight back and was killed in one blow. This was Zhao Jiangshan's fighting technique of mutual destruction. He was risking his life to see if he could comprehend the Dao of Immortality in the midst of death.

Fa Wuxian completely comprehended the Dao of Immortality in the last moment of his death. Unfortunately, at the last moment, he died and did not come back to life. Zhao Jiangshan had been communicating with Meholi these days and had secretly understood everything about Fa Wuxian. At the same time, he learned from Fa Wuxian's experience and lessons and actually began to comprehend and summarize it to advance to the Realm of Immortality.

Wen Tingyu died directly without any chance to fight back. His fate energy and strength, even the mysterious blessing of the old world, directly mixed into the explosive Yuan Qi of Zhao Jiangshan. In an instant, Zhao Jiangshan was resurrected from the dead, resurrected again and again, died and resurrected again. After many resurrections and deaths, a trace of the Dao of Immortality was finally born. As soon as this Dao of Immortality was born, it directly entered Fa Wuxian's imprint gourd. With one blow. Fa Wuxian's imprint was completely destroyed.

As he died, Fa Wuxian let out a huge wave of resentment. "No, that's impossible. Zhao Jiangshan, you stole the fruits of my labor. You used my methods as a reference. I was seeking life in the midst of death, and I managed to cultivate to the Undying Level. This was supposed to be my level, you can't steal it away."

"Hahaha …" Zhao Jiangshan quickly refined the gourd, and the will that came out of it was enough to make Fa Wuxian die with everlasting regret. "Fa Wuxian, you are indeed the first to eat a crab, but you are too arrogant. You deserve to die a horrible death. Even if I die this time, I will only be able to produce a sliver of the Supreme Immortal Realm's aura. If I want to completely stabilize the level of the Supreme Immortal Realm, I will need to use this aura to slowly grow stronger for thousands of years, maybe even tens of thousands of years. But your gourd contains a lot of the Supreme Immortal Realm's aura, and I can use it. After I get this gourd, I'll be at the peak of the Undying Realm. I won't need to hide anymore. It was that simple. Level up and refine it. " With Zhao Jiangshan's voice, Fa Wuxian died.

His brand had also dissipated, and he would never be resurrected again. There was no hope at all. This natural saint who had been active in the era of the Central Plains Divine Prefecture, a legend of legalism, had finally died here, forever obliterated.

"Fa Wuxian is finally dead."

In an extremely distant place, Gu Chensha, who was observing the Multiverse of Myriad Worlds, also watched this scene coldly. He admired Zhao Jiangshan's calmness and decisiveness. At the last moment, he actually self-destructed. With the help of Wen Tingyu's destiny, he attained the Undying Realm. However, even if he attained the Undying Realm at that moment, he was actually very weak. He was just a stream of Undying Realm. He had to hide and fall into the Multiverse to find someone with great destiny who had yet to grow up.

But now, with the help of Fa Wuxian's gourd, Zhao Jiangshan could immediately make up for his millions of years of cultivation and accumulation, stepping into the Invincible Deathless level. He wouldn't have to waste so many years to stand at the pinnacle of the world.

Originally, Zhao Jiangshan was Gu Chensha's enemy, so Gu Chensha should have stopped this from happening. But Gu Chensha didn't do anything. He just watched with interest.

He had now surpassed a realm. No matter how strong Zhao Jiangshan was, he could easily suppress him. He was now waiting for the main character of the old world to come out, and then fight him to determine the winner and the loser.

Zhao Jiangshan looked very strong now, but in the future, he would probably be reduced to a resource for the main character of the old world, or subdued as a subordinate. Moreover, his potential was much greater than Zhao Jiangshan's.

"Hahaha …" just as Zhao Jiangshan was doing his best to devour the gourd, the Fourth Gu Huasha suddenly sped up, causing Zhang Ziran to howl.

"Zhang Ziran, you were once my subordinate. You controlled the Human Realm, and I was the Emperor Of Heaven. You want to escape your destiny, but so what? In the end, you'll still be devoured by me. This is your destiny. Give me all of your opportunities."

The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "Zhao Jiangshan, you're in a hurry to devour Fa Wuxian's gourd and won't have time to care about me. I can devour Zhang Ziran and cultivate a divine ability to resist you."

"It's useless. I've already reached the Invincible Deathless level. As long as I completely digest this gourd, I'll be invincible. Even if you devour Zhang Ziran, you'll only be in the Heavenly Dao Realm.

You won't be able to reach the Invincible Deathless level, so no matter how strong you are, you won't be a match for me. "

Zhao Jiangshan was in no hurry. His body released a huge flame, refining the gourd smaller and smaller.

At this moment, the Fourth Gu Huasha's body blurred and disappeared. "Zhao Jiangshan, I won't let you find me. However, when I reappear, my cultivation will also reach the Invincible Deathless level. After observing your transformation, I'm very confident about the Invincible Deathless level. When that time comes, I don't need to die to reach the Invincible Deathless level, which is much higher than yours.

When that time comes, it will be your doomsday. Of course, there's no enmity between us. Our goal is to deal with Gu Chensha. Why should we fight each other? " "Gu Huasha, I must devour you. No matter what you say, it's useless."

Zhao Jiangshan's voice came out. "Actually, you have the strongest trace of the Old World on you. You're the Emperor Of Heaven of the Old World. Devouring you will be very useful for me to control the Old World." After a long time, Zhao Jiangshan's body moved and the gourd disappeared. Then, he turned into a man in a black robe. He was similar to Mister Annul.

"Today, I, Zhao Jiangshan, will reach the Invincible Deathless level," Zhao Jiangshan announced, "Gu Chensha, I'll take back the humiliation you gave me." At this moment, there was only one person left alive. That was Lin Xiaofan.

Originally, Lin Xiaofan thought that his elder brother, Wen Tingyu, could resist Zhao Jiangshan, but he didn't expect that with Wen Tingyu's luck, he actually helped Zhao Jiangshan.

"Spare my life, I'll be at your beck and call." Lin Xiaofan knelt down. He knew that he was no match for Zhao Jiangshan now.

"I can let you go."

Zhao Jiangshan looked at Lin Xiaofan. "But from now on, you're my subordinate. You have to master the Arcane Kingdom first. I'll assist you. Even Gu Chensha can't do anything to me now.

You're my chess piece. You have to be aware of being a chess piece, otherwise, I'll make you wish you were dead at any time. "

"Master, I'll listen to your orders at any time." Lin Xiaofan said, "From now on, I'll never be disloyal." "Very well, your current cultivation hasn't reached the highest realm, so I'll help you improve.

By the way, I'll transform you so that the blessing of the Arcane Universe will be more profound for you. " Zhao Jiangshan grabbed Lin Xiaofan in his hand, then fled directly to the depths of the void.

Zhao Jiangshan stopped and pointed to the multiverse. "Lin Xiaofan, when you reach the Undying Realm, you'll find that the multiverse is really small. In the future, I'll definitely be the Lord of the old world. Everyone will submit to me, my power will reach the highest peak, and sooner or later, Gu Chensha will be trampled under my feet." "Is that so?" Just when Zhao Jiangshan was in high spirits, a voice rang again.

"Who!" Zhao Jiangshan's whole body shook violently, and he turned around. "Gu Chensha, is that you? You're actually staring at me?

Well, it doesn't matter. Now that I've reached the Undying Realm, I can fight you and see what level you're at. If you could kill the Undying Realm, you would've killed Mister Innumerable and the others long ago. Clearly, you can't do anything to the Undying Realm. " However, when Zhao Jiangshan turned around, he didn't see Gu Chensha, but rather Lou Baiyue.

Lou Baiyue, clad in a white robe, stood not too far behind Zhao Jiangshan. He seemed both real and illusory at the same time, as if he could vanish at any moment, and at the same time, appear in front of all living beings.

"Lou Baiyue, no, Gu Chensha. Have you come here to die?"

Zhao Jiangshan was just about to make a move when he realized something was wrong. "Wait, wait. You're in the Undying Realm? How? How did you reach the Undying Realm? Am I the first person in the world to reach the Undying Realm? "

"You're too arrogant, Zhao Jiangshan. The truth is, everything about you is under Gu Chensha's control. Gu Chensha hasn't interfered, which means he doesn't care about you."

Lou Baiyue waved her hand dismissively. "But just because Chensha doesn't care about you doesn't mean I don't care. You've just reached the Undying Realm, and you're already so full of yourself. You think you can control all the worlds in the world, and the multiverse is yours. That's the same feeling you had when you reached the Heaven-Dao level.

It seems I need to wake you up again, so you know how many levels there are in the Undying Realm. You've only just reached the Undying Realm, and even though you stole Fa Wuxian's gourd, you're still pitifully weak. After reaching the Undying Realm, you don't rely on stealing, but on leveling up. You won't understand even if I explain it to you. "

"Cut the crap. I'm going to kill you today. That's the first step in my challenge to Gu Chensha." Zhao Jiangshan howled as he attacked Lou Baiyue.