Chapter 23
==========

"Your Majesty, my daughter is stubborn. I'm afraid it's inappropriate for her to fight with the princes. Is it …" Lou Chongxiao was a little uneasy.

"I like Baiyue's character. So what if they are princes? I think they are not as good as Baiyue. If she does well in the future and improves her martial arts, I will make her a princess. It's not impossible for her to have a higher rank than you." The officials could tell that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor doted on Lou Baiyue.

The barbarian general fled into the forest, and the princes chased after him. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor and the nobles watched the chase. They could immediately tell how good the princes were.

Among them, Lou Baiyue took the lead. She moved as fast as a cloud of dust. In just a few flashes, she had caught up with a barbarian general who was lagging behind.

The general was shocked. His ferocious aura flared up, and he clawed at Lou Baiyue, trying to tear her apart.

However, Lou Baiyue did not dodge. Instead, he rammed into the barbarian general, and the barbarian general was smashed into a bloody mess in midair. The eyes of many of the nobles shone brightly.

"Lou Baiyue's martial arts are terrifying."

"How can Lou Baiyue's martial arts be so powerful? Look at her strength. No Grandmaster can match up to her. Her movement technique is also perfect, and it's in line with the Heavenly Dao. She's also ruthless when it comes to killing."

"That's right. With such martial arts, she is already at the peak of the Grandmaster level. She also seems to have gained Qi Sense. I think she could really enter the Dao state." "Look, she killed another barbarian general." "This time, the Emperor arranged for the princes to hunt. Is she going to be the champion? Even the princes are not as good as her. " "What about the Nineteenth Prince? He seems to be doing well. "

As Lou Baiyue showed off her skills, Gu Chensha caught up with a barbarian general and tried to kill him. If he succeeded, it would be his first "kill". At least these barbarians looked no different from humans.

The barbarian general that Gu Chensha had caught up to had tattoos all over his body. There were evil snakes coiling around his body, and there was also a heavenly wolf howling at the moon. His skin was as rough as a wild boar in the mountains, and it was difficult for sabers and axes to cut through his skin. His ferocious eyes radiated in all directions, and he opened his bloody mouth.

He was also a Revered Martial Master, and his martial arts style was barbaric, rough, and carried an ancient aura. This was the characteristic of the Barbarian Race's martial arts, it was wild, cruel, and bloody. There was no human aura in the violence, it was purely the law of the jungle of ancient beasts.

"River-Turning Style."

Gu Chensha dodged the attack and delivered a few palm strikes. The palm shadows seemed to be stirring up a river, and huge waves surged into the sky. In an instant, they enveloped the Berserker within layers of palm shadows.

The Giant Spirit Divine Palm of the Giant Spirit Divine Art had three stances: Moving Mountains, Overturning Rivers, and Overturning Seas.

The River-Turning River-Turning Technique was even more powerful. The River-Turning Technique was even more powerful. He sent out a total of ninety-nine palm strikes.

There was no way the barbarian general could block the attacks. There were at least forty to fifty palm strikes that broke through his defense and hit his vital parts.

Pitter-patter … The Barbarian General's bones and meridians were all shattered, and he fell limply onto the snowy ground. Finally, he lost his life force and was killed on the spot.

The moment he killed the barbarian general, Gu Chensha felt his spirit move slightly. It was a feeling that couldn't be experienced by killing beasts. The barbarian general was also a human. He had wisdom and the ability to change the world. The feeling of killing people and beasts was completely different.

In the forest, many princes were fighting. They all wanted to kill as many barbarians as possible and get the Hundred Tribulation Golden Pill.

This Golden Pill could save at least ten years of cultivation. It could increase one's strength and foundation to step into the Dao Realm.

If this Golden Pill appeared in the Jianghu, it would immediately set off a storm of blood. Many martial artists would lose their lives because of it.

However, Golden Pills were common in the royal family. There was no force in the world that could compare to the Great Yongchō Court.

"The Nineteenth Prince has mastered the River-Turning Technique?"

The expressions of the princes and nobles changed again. "Moving Mountain, Overturning River, and Overturning Sea of the Giant Spirit Palm all require a tremendous amount of physical strength to execute. In the past, the number of martial arts grandmasters in the royal family of Xian Dynasty who could execute the Overturning River ninety-nine times in a row was very few."

The Great Spirit God's palms were powerful, but they consumed a lot of energy. Every punch, palm, and kick could exhaust a martial arts master. A martial arts grandmaster could at most hit dozens of times. It was rare to find someone like Gu Chensha who could attack 99 times and still be calm.

"Your Majesty, it seems that the Nineteenth Prince has really activated the bloodline of the Great Spirit God. He will be very useful in the future."

Lou Chongxiao probed, "If the Nineteenth Prince can communicate with the Great Spirit God, Your Majesty can use it to find the coordinates of The Great Spirit God's Celestial Realm in the space-time turbulence. Then, you can seal him and prevent him from creating chaos. This way, the remnants of the Xian Dynasty will fall and the faith of the Great Spirit God will dissipate among the people."

"It is good that you can say such things. It seems that you are beginning to understand the Esoteric of the gods and your cultivation is getting deeper."

Celestial Talisman Emperor praised, "I have recently sent 99% of my Yuan Shen into the space-time turbulence to find the lair of the Great Mahākāśyapa. As long as we can injure this god, we can destroy the barbarians once spring comes. We will be able to wipe out the barbarians and wipe out the threat of the border for generations. We will be able to accomplish something that not even the ancient emperors could achieve." "Your Majesty's Art of Divine Massacre has finally reached the highest level?"

Lou Chongxiao knelt immediately, "Does that mean that Your Majesty's Yuan Shen has already gone to the lair of the Great Mahākāśyapa?" "That's right."

Celestial Talisman Emperor glanced around, seeing the other princes and dukes kneeling together with Lou Chongxiao. "Since I am doing my best to slay the gods, there will naturally be people with malicious intents who would try to sabotage my plans. During this winter and next spring, all of you have to be careful. Don't allow any chaos to break out in the country. Get the governors and generals to patrol the areas and reorganize the troops stationed there." "Yes." "I am only reminding everyone here. Everyone, get up and watch the methods of the princes."

The Celestial Talisman Emperor turned his gaze into the distance. Although he exuded an imposing aura, 99% of his psyche was focused on controlling something in the air, causing him to be unable to sense the minute changes in Gu Chensha's body. If not, even though Gu Chensha had mastered the Solar Moon Transformation Art and could perfectly conceal his aura, it would still be extremely difficult for him to hide from this emperor. The slaughter in the forest continued without end. Just as Gu Chensha killed a barbarian, he heard screams of agony. The princes were all killed.

"Lou Baiyue's martial arts are indeed powerful. She has already killed five barbarian generals. Number Ten, Number Eighteen, Number Fourteen, Number Eight, Number Nine, and Number Thirteen have each killed two or three.

Gu Chensha gazed into the distance. Each of the princes displayed their true abilities, trying their best to kill as many barbarian generals as possible and obtain the Hundred Tribulations Golden Core. Even the princes coveted this core. At this moment, Gu Chensha finally witnessed the true prowess of these princes.

Every barbarian general had the cultivation of an Evolved Jing master. Moreover, they were cruel and savage, and had rich combat experience. Even an Evolved Jing master might not be able to defeat them.

In the pugilistic world, if two Evolved Jing masters of the same level fought, it would take at least a few hundred moves to determine the victor. It was definitely not that easy to kill an opponent of the same level.

Moreover, the princes were all Evolved Jing masters. They killed barbarian generals of the same level as if they were cutting melons and vegetables.

For example, the Eighteenth Prince Gu Hongsha cultivated the Dragon King Force. When he attacked, there was a soul-stirring dragon roar. His punches were as powerful as a rainbow. When he first encountered a barbarian general, he broke his opponent's chest within a few breaths and over ten moves.

However, the Tenth Prince Gu Zhengsha was obviously more skillful. When he ran, his body rumbled like thunder. He caught up with the barbarian general and beheaded him within three moves. Only when he met with three to five barbarian generals fighting back did he stop the attack.

In this forest, there were hundreds of barbarian generals. Each of the princes had to deal with seven to eight of them, or even more.

No matter how strong a Evolved Jing master was, he would not be able to escape if he was besieged by seven to eight Evolved Jing masters. As the saying goes, two fists are no match for four hands, let alone ten hands.

In the beginning, the princes were very powerful and killed one after another. However, as the barbarian generals knew that they would die if they tried to escape, they became desperate. They gathered in groups of three to five and surrounded the princes.

In terms of numbers, the barbarian generals definitely had the upper hand, putting a lot of pressure on the princes.

This was also on purpose by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. How could he let the princes get the Hundred Tribulations Golden Pill so easily? This was also a real combat classroom. After a few more rounds of training, one would grow rapidly.

The Great Yongchō Imperial Family was very strict with the princes. As a result, all the princes had unique skills. In addition to the various resources of the Imperial Family, they were far better than the experts of the Jianghu.

Gu Chensha wanted to see how strong Lou Baiyue and the other princes were, but he found himself surrounded. A total of six barbarian generals formed a formation and surrounded him.

The position under their feet was similar to the Six Direction Formation. They forced their way over and narrowed the encirclement. This was a killing formation that evolved from a large number of troops fighting on the battlefield.

It was chaos on the battlefield when hundreds of thousands of people collided with each other. In this chaos, small troops would join forces to form a formation that could both attack and defend. This greatly increased the chances of survival and killing the enemy.

However, this barbarian formation was not the Six Direction Formation. It was the Six Beasts Formation. It was derived from the combination of tigers, wolves, leopards, lions, and jackals.

The six barbarian generals' footwork was exquisite. Their auras were like iron chains, making Gu Chensha feel like he couldn't move. No matter which direction he tried to break through, he would be attacked by the six of them.

"If I use the Sun and Moon Refining and Sun and Moon Transformation, it won't be difficult to defeat the six barbarian tribes. However, it will be difficult to use the Great Spirit God Technique. But if I use the Sun and Moon Refining and Sun and Moon Transformation in front of the nobles, I won't be able to hide it. I can't expose it. Father is a knowledgeable man. He will definitely find out the origin of my martial arts. At that time, it will be troublesome." Gu Chensha understood his situation.

"Kill!"

When the six barbarian generals saw that Gu Chensha was surrounded and locked down by the aura, they immediately exploded with a strong killing intent. The six of them attacked at the same time. Palm, fist, finger, leg, all kinds of attacks were aimed at every vital part of his body.