Chapter 704
===========

Gu Tiansha. The Lord of Sun and Moon had appeared. This news was earth-shattering to Crown Prince Gu Xuansha.

The princes of the imperial family were all called Gu Mosha. Gu was the surname of Heaven Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian, the surname of the imperial family. Sha was the name of seniority. Behind Sha was the sword.

As for the character in the middle, it was usually the surname of the mother's family. For example, Gu Fasha's character represented the Legalist Empress. Gu Xuansha's name was also because his mother's surname was Xuan. Gu Chensha, Gu Hengsha, Gu Fasha, etc.

And this Lord of Sun and Moon called himself Gu Tiansha. Was he the son of Heaven Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Dao? Just how powerful would an existence of this level be? What did he want? These were all mysteries.

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha wanted to deal with the three Celestial Masters, but now Gu Xuansha, the Master of the Sun and Moon, was here. Gu Xuansha only felt fear. He wanted to stay away from this person. It was like an ordinary person seeing a ghost. It was impossible to resist. Gu Tiansha sat down and looked at Crown Prince Gu Xuansha. "What? Are you afraid of me?

Actually, you don't have to be afraid at all. From a certain perspective, we are indeed brothers. I won't fight for power with you. I just want to make you the Emperor. "

"This …" Crown Prince Gu Xuansha calmed his heart and said slowly, "Lord of Sun and Moon, why did you make me the Emperor? You're not playing around, right? I want to know what Lord's dream is. Only then can I work for Lord. Otherwise, I don't know what I want to do." "What do I want to do?"

Gu Tiansha smiled. "I am the one and only great existence in the world. Now that the world is facing a calamity, it will collapse soon. What I want to do is to make the Great Dao of Heaven and Earth shine and be reborn.

I want Heaven Talisman Emperor and the Heavenly Dao to fuse together and form a new existence to transcend. It won't be Heaven Talisman Emperor devouring Heaven Talisman Emperor or the Heavenly Dao devouring Heaven Talisman Emperor. I want them to fuse together and form my will. Do you understand? " "What the hell is going on?" Crown Prince Gu Xuansha was shocked again. "Sir, I really don't understand what you're saying."

"You'll slowly understand. To put it simply, even though I'm an existence born from the Heavenly Axiom, I won't listen to the arrangements of the Heavenly Axiom if something happens to it."

Gu Tiansha said, "Just treat me as the greatest, most omniscient, most omnipotent, and most powerful existence in the world in the future.

I am the Heavens, I am the Dao, I am all living beings, I am the Primal Chaos, and I am the Endless. " "Lunatic. This man is a lunatic." Crown Prince Gu Xuansha thought to himself.

"You think I'm crazy?"

Even if it was just a momentary change in his thoughts, Gu Tiansha seemed to have grasped it immediately and looked over coldly. Thump!

Gu Xuansha felt a great fear shrouding him. "Sir, please spare my life. I won't dare to think like this again." "That's human nature. You don't know how powerful I am, but you'll find out in the future. Get up. "Gu Tiansha didn't care.

"Sir."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha stood up. "Now that you've suppressed the God of Destruction, you've probably offended the three Heavenly Venerables. His subordinates will also come to deal with me. What should I do?" "Just subdue them one by one."

Gu Tiansha said, "I'll tell you what to do. First, you have to cultivate to become a god-level expert. Then, you can do all kinds of things. Also, I'll completely subdue the God of Destruction and make him my subordinate. Then, I'll hide among the three Heavenly Venerables and use their power to make you an emperor. Actually, it's not impossible for you to devour the three Heavenly Venerables. I know exactly what they're thinking. "

"Sir, can you directly suppress the three Heavenly Venerables with your cultivation?" Crown Prince Gu Xuansha was very curious about Gu Tiansha's cultivation.

"I'm not a match for the three Heavenly Venerables for now, but they can't do anything to me. They can't divine my existence or find any traces of me.

I still need some Dharma treasures and devour some people to reach the Heavenly Venerable Realm, "Gu Tiansha said.

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha knew that the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, was not a Celestial Master. Perhaps he was like Gu Chensha and his cultivation level was not high, but he could use a lot of power to fight against a Celestial Master.

"The sun and the moon in the sky are like the Boundless World. I can use the power of the sun and the moon, which means I have a treasure like the Sacrifice Decree and the Dragon Gate of Untainted Land. So, there is almost no one in this world who can hurt me."

"Your ascension to the throne is a bait to lure Gu Chensha to deal with you. He has cultivated the Way of Heaven and is the best tonic. I have to devour him to be truly perfect. This man is really not simple. Even an antique like Immortal Master Wan was tricked by him. Even Xing Qiongshi, the most ferocious person in the Divine Land, was bewitched by him and worked for him. Only such a powerful person is qualified to fight with me. He deserves to be devoured by me and become my food. I wonder how he feels." Gu Chensha looked at Gu Chensha and said, "Your ascension to the throne is a bait to lure Gu Chensha to deal with you. He has cultivated the Way of Heaven and is the best tonic. While speaking, Gu Tiansha licked his lips as if he wanted to taste something delicious. As he spoke, he clearly saw Gu Chensha as a delicacy and wanted to devour him.

"As for Zhuge Ya, the Lord of Seven Stars, he has fused two Seven Star Esoteric Meanings and achieved the ninth level of the True Dragon Method. He is also very powerful. I can also devour him. Although it is not as good as the Heavenly Way Technique, it is better than nothing. It will help me a little." Gu Tiansha narrowed his eyes and calculated. Crown Prince Gu Xuansha's hair stood on end. It seemed Gu Tiansha had appeared to devour the world.

"Your Excellency, what should I do now? Recruit subordinates? Recruit officials of the court? Governors and Generals? If I don't have officials, generals, or nobles to support me. There is no way I can become Emperor. I won't be able to work for Your Excellency. "

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha said, "But it is basically impossible to recruit governors and nobles of the court. Right now, the General of the Common People of the Celestial Calmness Department is overseeing the world. Each one of them has power close to the God Realm. In addition, there is also the King of the Common People, who is already at the Celestial Master level. This kind of power is not something that can be resisted by humans. If I go in contact with any nobles, they will immediately turn around and betray me. I have no power left. I am no different from a deposed Crown Prince. When the officials of the court see me, it is like they have seen a plague. They can't wait to avoid me. Why would they come in contact with me? He was telling the truth.

Ever since that meeting in the court, Wu Dangkong, him, and the aristocratic families of the world had been suppressed by Gu Chensha. His status had plummeted. Then, with the development of the Celestial Calmness Department and the promotion of the General of the Common People, from the government to the people, and then to the various grassroots and villages, everything was governed like an iron bucket. There were basically no loopholes.

Especially the appearance of the King of the Common People, it had already spread through many channels. After the news spread, the hearts of the people in the court had truly stabilized. They would not be tempted or swayed by any kind of recruitment. They would wholeheartedly serve the country, family, and the world.

It had to be said that the current governance of the court and the unity of the people had surpassed that of previous dynasties. Anyone who wanted to cause trouble did not have this condition.

"I also know your situation. It is actually unreasonable for the God of Destruction to reprimand you. If I were in your position, I would not be able to resist the Celestial Calmness Department. I could only endure and wait for the changes in the heavenly secrets." Gu Tiansha took out the crystal ball that sealed the God of Destruction again and kept playing with it in his hand.

The God of Destruction struggled left and right, but could not get out. In the end, he gave up and said, "Lord of the Sun-Moon, what do you want? Do you really want to go against the three Celestial Masters? " "Go against the three Celestial Masters?"

Gu Tiansha laughed. "I know what the three Celestial Masters are planning. They are subduing the Primordial Mist Tree. Unfortunately, it is all in vain. It is better to come to the world and recruit more talents, manage the country, guide the people, and gather more faith. Always thinking about things that can be reaped without sowing, instead of painstakingly managing the country, is a crooked path. The last of the three levels of the Son of Heaven's God-Bestowment Art, which shows the principle of cultivation. Managing the people is the best method.

However, the three Celestial Masters have accumulated a lot. Their luck and strategies are even deeper than those of the old antiques like Wan Senshi and the Celestial Master. I can also devour them as resources. Now, I will convert you!

Become my spy, and I will send the power of the sun and moon into your body. Your cultivation base will increase dramatically, and you might even be able to reach the peak of the thirty-six transformations. "

"Don't even think about it! I will never betray the three Celestial Masters! I'd rather die than submit!" the God of Destruction shouted.

"That's not up to you."

Gu Tiansha flicked his finger, and suddenly, a sun and moon appeared above his head. Then, the light of the sun and moon gathered to form a contract. "I will use the power of the sun and moon to form a Sun-Moon Contract. You and I will sign a Sun-Moon Contract, and you and I will not be able to go against me. At the same time, it will greatly increase your power, and it also has a hidden effect. Even the three Celestial Sovereigns will not know that you have betrayed them. That way, you will be able to sneak in and do many things.

The contract entered the depths of the God of Destruction's mind and became inextricably linked to his heart, becoming a part of his soul.

"Don't worry. The sun and moon are existences on the level of a chiliocosm. The so-called sun and moon are the lords of all the stars. I can draw on the power of the sun and moon, which means I can draw on the power of two chiliocosms!!"

Important notice: This site's free app is ad-free, error-free, and updated quickly. Members can synchronize their bookshelves. Text size can be adjusted, reading brightness can be adjusted, and reading experience can be better. appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy) Download the free reader!