Chapter 404
===========

"Xing Qiongshi, you've nurtured this girl for so long, but she seems to be completely useless. I made it so that she can't use the talisman and she can't do anything about it."

Gu Chensha took on the talisman and secretly activated the power in his body. A layer of Core Qi appeared on his palm.

He didn't have a Golden Core, but Core Qi could be extracted from his body and not released. It was just a thin layer on his palm like a glove. It fused with his flesh and blood and actually had the characteristics of Dharmic powers.

No matter how Wu Dangkong executed his palm technique, it was completely blocked by Gu Chensha. He couldn't do anything to Gu Chensha. Hearing Gu Chensha's words, she was so angry that she almost vomited blood. But no matter how much power she used, she couldn't do anything to this person.

She was about to use the River of Myriad Things again to trap Gu Chensha and then sacrifice her Dharmic powers to summon an unprecedented destructive force to kill Gu Chensha.

But at this moment, Gu Chensha seemed to have comprehended some trick. His body flickered and wandered, not giving her the chance to besiege him at all. Instead, his palm attacks came from all directions, giving her a feeling that she couldn't fathom them.

"Alright, with your current cultivation, even if you fight for another half a year, you won't be able to determine a winner."

Xing Qiongshi said, "I said, this Jade Mountain can't be dispelled by any one of you. Only the two of you can work together to have a chance of releasing my thoughts."

As Gu Chensha moved, he suddenly unleashed a few ferocious attacks that made Wu Dangkong wary. Only then did he stop, "I'll say this again. You have to first give me a reward for releasing your thoughts, then I'll believe you. Otherwise, I'll do my best to stop Wu Dangkong from releasing you. Let's see how much you can improve her." "As you wish."

Xing Qiongshi knew that she only had a sliver of her thoughts and memories. She used them to guide Wu Dangkong, but Wu Dangkong was really disappointing and couldn't do anything to Gu Chensha.

At that moment, Gu Chensha's mind suddenly jolted. He felt an endless stream of knowledge, information, ancient secrets, and scattered cultivation techniques entering his sea of consciousness.

Not only did he let his guard down, but he also separated a part of his will and hid it before he dared to accept this knowledge.

Sure enough, this strand of knowledge contained an extremely ferocious intent that was simply capable of tearing apart the heavens and the earth, suppressing all living beings, shattering the divine continent, and trampling on all living beings. As soon as it entered his sea of consciousness, it intended to completely control his body, seize his soul, and completely turn him into a ferocious devil's lackey.

"Very good."

Gu Chensha had already expected this. He did not show any dissatisfaction or shock on his face. He circulated all of his will and suppressed this peerless evil intent inch by inch. He set up layers of seals and began to kill it in his sea of consciousness.

His will was born and destroyed, destroyed and reborn again. He was like a country, mobilizing all its power to kill a rebellion. No matter how strong the rebellion was, it couldn't stop the endless killing.

"DIE!"

At this time, Wu Dangkong seemed to have seen an opportunity. She wasn't stupid and laughed, "Gu Chensha, do you think Xing Qiongshi's will is so easy to accept? His memories contain peerless evil intent that can destroy heaven and earth. Only by resisting this evil intent can you accept his inheritance. I have the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar in my mind, it can help me resist this evil intent. But you actually dared to accept it so rashly? The ignorant are truly fearless." Whoosh!

She transformed into the River of Myriad Things again and seized the opportunity. In just a breath's time, she enveloped Gu Chensha. This time, she didn't hesitate at all and activated the sacrifice.

A full third of her magic power was sacrificed to the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar to activate the Void Rending Sacrifice.

It summoned the power to tear apart the void and destroy Gu Chensha's Paradise in his sea of consciousness and Qi Sea. At the same time, it tore apart his entire body.

At the same time, she knew that her Sacrificial Talisman was twisted. No matter what she obtained from the sacrifice, half of it would be taken by Gu Chensha.

In other words, the void rending power she summoned with the Void Rending Sacrifice would be controlled by Gu Chensha, and she would be able to harm herself. But that didn't matter. Because she could hide in the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar's space in an instant to avoid any attacks. And Gu Chensha could only endure it. Whoosh! At the moment of the sacrifice, two void rending powers appeared.

One tore towards Gu Chensha, while the other was stained with Gu Chensha's aura, and it tore towards Wu Dangkong.

But at this moment, Wu Dangkong retracted the River of Myriad Things and hid in the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar. Before the void rending power reached him, it disappeared into thin air. The other void rending power charged into Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness and Qi Sea.

"Success!"

When Wu Dangkong saw the void rending power charge into Gu Chensha's body, she knew that this person was dead for sure. She instantly felt a sense of joy. But in the next moment, she wasn't happy anymore.

The void rending power seemed to have shattered Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness and Qi Sea Grotto-Heaven, but it didn't completely kill Gu Chensha.

In his eyes, after the shattered sea of consciousness and Qi Sea Grotto-Heaven collapsed, they fused with the void rending power and neutralized Xing Qiongshi's memories.

At the same time, the three pure void rending powers fused with Gu Chensha's flesh and blood, causing his body to evolve once again.

Gu Chensha's body wasn't damaged at all. Instead, some of the drawbacks were eliminated, and he gained enlightenment, causing his body to step into a whole new realm.

"How foolish."

Xing Qiongshi was speechless. "The void rending power shattered his sea of consciousness and Qi Sea Grotto-Heaven, and coincidentally collided with my will. He used a secret art to reverse the situation and fuse with the shattered void rending power to refine his body, allowing his body to comprehend some of the true transformations of the Grandmist Tree. This way, he really might be able to break through to an unprecedented realm. In the future, when he advances to the Transcendence Force Realm, he will be able to increase the quality of his Transcendence Force to the Heavenly Dao Art level, and become the King of All Arts.

However, this kid was able to comprehend the mysteries of Yin and Yang at the most crucial moment, and use his body to absorb the void rending power. Originally, his bloodline was very strong, and he had fused with the void rending power in the past, which was why he was able to grab the destructive void rending power and absorb it into his body. Instead, he fused with my memories and experience, as well as the baleful aura.

Also, it seems like that fellow really twisted the Heaven Dao and twisted the Heaven Sacrifice Decree. "

At this moment, Gu Chensha was somewhat grateful to Wu Dangkong. In order to kill him, she had activated the Skysplitter Sacrifice. Even though she had shattered his sea of consciousness and sea of energy, the power of time and space formed by the two grottoes had once again seeped perfectly into his acupoints and meridians.

Actually, since the start, although these two places formed grotto-heavens, they were an obstacle for him to break through to the next realm.

The power of the grotto-heavens could only be used at Dao Realm Thirty Transformations. The grotto-heavens in his body didn't match his current realm, and when he comprehended the changes, it was indeed an obstacle. Now that he shattered it, he had the best of both worlds.

Of course, it had been extremely dangerous just now. If he hadn't utilized the boundless baleful energy within Xing Qiongshi's memories to neutralize the shattering power of the Instant of Annihilation, his body might have really been torn apart. However, he still had a backup plan, which was to sense the power of the Life's Wish sphere.

He and Wu Dangkong had been fighting at the bottom of the sea for over a month. Within the Life's Wish sphere, Zhuge Ya used the Taiyi Pearl to refine energy to speed up the evolution of the Sky Demon Tree. The space within was also slowly accumulating energy and recovering vitality.

At this moment, Gu Chensha could already communicate with the intent within and obtain a portion of the energy.

He could also clearly see that the Sky Demon Tree within the Life's Wish sphere had already grown to the height of a person. The surrounding four to five acres of land wasn't yellow sand, but purple soil mixed with star sand. This was the Immortal River Star Sand.

However, if he wanted the depths of the Life's Wish sphere to be filled with vitality, it would probably take decades or even centuries.

The Immortal River Star Sand was a perfect combination of immortal energy and the power of the stars. It was created by refining the essence of fusion elemental energy from the Heavenly Demon Tree sapling. It was completely different from the Immortal World and the power of the stars, and it had some natural uses. This was the mystery of the creation of things.

At this moment, although Gu Chensha had lost the Grotto-Heaven in his sea of consciousness and energy, his meridians and acupoints had expanded by a lot. When he breathed, he was like a thief, absorbing celestial energy and spiritual energy. It practically teleported into his body and then shattered, turning into essence blood. He refined mental energy and Xiantian astral energy, and then turned them into Yuan Shen. Finally, they combined and turned into Dan power.

Moreover, many of Xing Qiongshi's memories were all absorbed into his Life's Heaven Mending Technique. It allowed Gu Chensha's technique to become even more refined. With a thought, Xing Qiongshi's memory fragments were also transferred into the Life's Wish sphere.

Zhuge Ya instantly obtained it and a smile appeared on his face, "King is really smart. This time, you have improved greatly. In the future, when you cultivate spiritual power, you will probably have an unprecedented Heaven Dao Technique quality. Your achievements will be even higher than mine. Xing Qiongshi's memory fragments are just a drop in the bucket compared to his true memories. However, with this bit of information, it is enough to unlock some of the secrets of the Taiyi Pearl."

Zhuge Ya spread his hands and numerous starlight appeared behind his back, forming runes. The runes were like the sands of the Milky Way, washing into the Taiyi Pearl.

The Taiyi Pearl shook slightly, and there seemed to be a whirlpool within. Within the whirlpool, a person appeared. This person was dressed in white, had white hair, a white beard, and white eyebrows.

"Ancestor Tianyi Heavenly Lord." Tai Mang Di also noticed and exclaimed in shock.

"This is just an image. Look carefully." Zhuge Ya said.

That Taiyi Heavenly Lord seemed to be speaking, talking about the comprehension of the Dao. His voice spread out intermittently and was extremely profound.