Chapter 138
===========

"The imperial court is trying to convert the immortal dao sects."

Gu Chensha thought about it. The immortal dao was extremely strong and could destroy a city with a single slash. If he could get them to work, it would be very efficient.

Yi Ming used his Xiantian astral energy to dig the pond. A month's worth of work for hundreds of people was finished in an hour. The banquet went on for half a day and the atmosphere was tense.

No matter how unwilling the immortal dao disciples were, they could only endure and listen to the emperor talk about the law, the people's livelihood, and the imperial court's rules.

Many officials were secretly delighted, especially those from the Confucian sects. They couldn't bear to see the immortal dao roam free and unfettered. Now that they had to submit to the imperial court, they felt that their orthodoxy was pure and the imperial court was at its peak.

However, although the emperor showed his might, he didn't kill or cripple the immortal dao disciples. Even when Xiao Wujin and Jian Chengkong argued, he let them off lightly.

"Celestial Dance Mystical Gate, Luo Wu." At this moment, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor instructed.

"Luo Wu greets Your Majesty." Luo Wu came out and kowtowed.

"I summoned you a few days ago and I'm glad that you're willing to work for the imperial court."

The emperor said, "Today, I'll allow your Celestial Dance Mystical Gate to recruit disciples from the common people and open a Celestial Dance Academy to cooperate with the imperial court." "Thank you, Your Majesty." Luo Wu's face lit up.

"I won't be stingy with rewards for someone like you who's willing to work for the common people."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor opened his palm and a rainbow-colored light appeared, revolving around Luo Wu before transforming into a robe, "This is a robe I condensed using my own energy, it can withstand a single attack from the gods. With this robe protecting you, you will be fine even if the gods attack you."

"Your Majesty's power is boundless, surpassing the ancient Heavenly Sons. The Celestial Dance Mystical Gate is willing to work for the imperial court."

Luo Wu knew that the emperor's power was unparalleled in the heavens. Although this robe could only be used once, it was the same as having an extra life.

"Those sects that are willing to serve the imperial court, please discuss this with Princess Yuefu and have her report to me." The Celestial Talisman Emperor continued, "Princess Yuefu will be in charge of this matter, with Prince Chen and Prince Hua as assistants. They'll deal with the imperial court and the immortal dao. " "As you command." When Gu Chensha heard that he was called, he quickly came out.

The Imperial Court's connection to the Immortal Dao was a major event. The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor allowed Lou Baiyue to be the leader while he and the Fourth were the assistants. This was a sign of trust, and it also meant that the other princes were starting to fall out of favor.

However, Gu Chensha gradually understood that he truly had the world in his heart and was willing to do something for the common people. The other princes only knew how to fight for power and profit. They would do anything to increase their strength, even at the cost of bringing disaster to the world. For example, the eldest, seventh, tenth, and third princes were all full of ambition.

"Today's matter ends here."

After the series of announcements, the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor seemed to have lost interest, "You immortal disciples don't need to panic. My rules are actually for the sake of your cultivation. Come into contact with the world of mortals and understand the pain and suffering of the mortal world. Only then will you know what an immortal is. My cultivation is all comprehended in the mortal world. " With that, he left.

"The banquet is over. Everyone, please leave the palace in order." Grand Eunuch Gao Ling called out loudly.

Gu Chensha was about to leave with the court officials when Eunuch Wang walked over. "Princess Yuefu, Prince Chen, Prince Hua, please follow me. His Majesty wants to see you all alone." "Understood."

Gu Chensha felt a few gazes landing on him. They were from the eldest, seventh, third, and tenth princes. These princes were extremely jealous, but there was nothing they could do. Under Eunuch Wang's lead, the three of them walked into the depths of the palace.

By now, Gu Chensha already knew that this Eunuch Wang was the Sect Leader of the Constant Sorrow Devil Sect, Wang Bei.

He didn't dare to act rashly. Such a Master of the Devil Taoist Ancestor's every move could be seen clearly by him. There were no secrets to speak of.

Gu Huasha, on the other hand, was full of smiles. He pulled Eunuch Wang aside and said, "Sect Leader Wang, I heard that your Grief Fist has already reached the profound realm of Heaven and Earth Grief. Can you give me some pointers?" "I'm His Majesty's servant now. I'm no longer the Sect Leader of the Devil Dao. Fourth Master, you mustn't joke around. "

Eunuch Wang hurriedly said, "The so-called Grief Fist is inherited from the ancient shaman path. Cultivating this fist must go against one's heart. The so-called grief is from the wrong and the heart. If it's not the heart, it's grief.

Since Fourth Master has already comprehended your own fist dao, it's fine if you don't learn this fist. Moreover, His Majesty's cultivation is ten thousand times stronger than mine. Fourth Master and His Majesty are father and son. If I'm humble and eager to learn, I'll be truly invincible under the heavens after receiving His Majesty's guidance. "

"I want to learn all kinds of fists. If I combine all fists into one, I'll be able to form a school of my own." Gu Huasha was confident and at ease. As they spoke, the three of them had already arrived outside another small hall. This small hall was very exquisite and simple.

"His Majesty is waiting for the three of you inside." Eunuch Wang stood at the side.

The three of them stepped into the hall and were about to kneel down when they heard the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor say, "There's no need to bow. Sit down."

Gu Chensha raised his head and saw the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor standing in front of a star map. Countless stars were swirling continuously, making one think of the depth of the universe and the vastness of the world.

"What do the three of you think about accepting the immortal dao into the imperial court?" The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor asked.

"His Majesty, the immortal dao has been passed down from the ancient times and its magic powers are profound. The 72 Mystic Gates have the ability to penetrate through the heavens and earth. If we can use our own strength to benefit the common people, it'll be a blessing for the world.

However, all of them are high and mighty and view mortals as ants. It won't be easy for His Majesty to get them to work for the imperial court. "Lou Baiyue didn't mince her words.

"The ancient humans had sages whose cultivation far surpassed those immortals. However, they remained in the mortal world to pass down their teachings and leave behind stories of praise. I feel that we should use the virtues of those sages to influence the people of the immortal dao. "

Gu Chensha gave his opinion. He had consumed the Seven Saint Heart Refinement Pill before and knew that the seven sages of the ancient humans were indeed compassionate and compassionate. They were moral role models.

"The immortal dao is different from the saint dao. The immortal dao is ethereal and transcendent. It focuses on eliminating human nature and harmonizing with the heavenly dao.

The saint dao focuses on upholding righteousness, cherishing the common people and educating the world. "

Gu Huasha said, "But ultimately, the saint dao has gradually influenced the immortal dao. The immortal dao also focuses on doing good deeds. I feel that we can merge the saint dao into the immortal dao and combine the two. "

"Not bad." The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's eyes shone with approval. "This matter isn't something that can be done in a day.

Baiyue is right. If the immortal dao can really benefit the common people, how prosperous would the world be?

They also came from the common people. Once they had a fortuitous encounter and escaped from a difficult situation, how could they bear to watch the common people struggle? "

"Imperial Father, we will definitely complete this task well." Gu Chensha said, "Although the immortal dao's disciples are strong, I have the confidence to deal with them." "Very good."

The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor nodded. "You've done well recently. You've dealt a heavy blow to the Demonic Ape Temple and recruited people from the Venomous Poison Sect. You've made them use insects to refine pills and cure people. You've greatly reduced the insect infestation in the Barren Wilderness. You've done more than Little Ten and the others."

Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "This is what I should do. I don't dare call it a meritorious deed, but I'm relying on Imperial Father's might. Otherwise, the immortal dao's disciples would've come knocking on my door to exterminate the demons and devils. Given my strength, I'm still far from being able to compete with them." "You've hit the nail on the head."

The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor frowned. "Among the three of you, Little Four is the most outstanding and can exchange a few moves with the immortal dao's disciples. Baiyue hasn't awakened yet. Nineteen, you're the weakest.

Of course, I can turn you into peak experts in an instant. It won't be difficult for you to ascend to godhood. But there are some paths that you have to walk on yourself. If I do everything, what's the point of my existence?

Everything I've done is to teach the masses to stand on their own two feet. In the end, even without me, you can still walk on this difficult path. Moreover, you'll be able to walk steadily without falling. That's all. "

Hearing the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's words, Gu Chensha didn't know why, but an ominous feeling welled up in his heart.

Among them, the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had said something that shocked him the most. That was, it wouldn't be difficult for them to ascend to godhood. What was godhood?

It was the manipulation of the Heavenly Daos, the comprehension of fortune and fortune. They were almost immortal, life and death could be extinguished with a single thought, and they could turn a speck of dust into a desolate wasteland with a flick of their fingers.

How many cultivators wanted to ascend to godhood but failed? Even if the ancient Heavenly Sons of Heaven held the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman and truly obtained the world, condensed the Heavenly Son's Qi, and conferred godhood upon mortals, it was merely a conferment. Those who were conferred godhood were already infinitely close to godhood. What kind of cultivation realm was it to turn Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and Gu Huasha into godhood? Even the Heavenly Daos might not be able to do it. But the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor said, "It's not difficult." What kind of innate ability was this?

"Fate and fortune revolve around itself. Even gods can't escape death."

The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's voice was ancient and desolate. "If I decide your future path, it's equivalent to cutting off all possibilities of change."

The three of them fell silent. They naturally didn't understand the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's words.

In their eyes, this Emperor was right before their eyes, yet he was infinitely far away, untouchable. They always felt that this was a distant dream. How could an emperor of the mortal world be so powerful? How could the ancient Heavenly Sons be so powerful? How could the gods of the heavens be so powerful?

But at this moment, this powerful person was standing right in front of them, talking to them. Was this a dream?

"I suddenly thought of the future."

The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor waved his hand, and the atmosphere became lively. "Knowing too much and being able to see through the future is not a pleasant thing. Baiyue, what do you think will happen if I suddenly disappear one day? " "Your Majesty …" Lou Baiyue exclaimed. She didn't dare to imagine that scene.

"Don't worry, I'll be frank."

The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor stared at the ceiling, as though he was peering through the ceiling, at the untouchable heavenly dao of fate. "All good things must come to an end. I'm sure all of you know that my actions have broken the rules that have existed since time immemorial. Of course, in the past, present, and future, there's nothing that can do anything to me. "