Chapter 536
===========

"The Heavenly Dao is getting more and more profound. This kid's achievements will be above ours in the future. I made the right move."

Tai Xuan stroked his beard. "My son seems to have obtained many secrets, and his cultivation is rising. In the future, he might even have the potential to become a Saint."

"Right now, the Celestial Pacification Department's Common People's Wish sphere has become a true Minor Chiliocosm, and it has accumulated a lot. If it continues like this, in a few decades, it will surpass our Cosmic Thunder Pool and your Celestial Palace."

Chang Weiyang said, "The destiny produced after the Divine Continent is unified is not something we can compare with." "The Divine Continent is a key node.

It is the absolute center of the universe. "Wen Hong said," There is an inconceivable divine power there. "

"In order to increase the population, the Celestial Pacification Department is going all out. But the more they do this, the greater the calamity in the future. This is like drinking poison to quench thirst."

Chang Weiyang sighed. "The earlier the Demon Calamity breaks out, the less harm it will cause. The world will have more time to breathe. Right now, the Celestial Pacification Department is doing everything possible to delay the Demon Calamity and increase the power of the people. This is like building a dam to stop a flood. The higher the dam, the greater the impact when it collapses." "If I were in the Celestial Pacification Department's position, I might do the same.

Because the Celestial Pacification Department is still weak, if the Demon Calamity breaks out early, the Celestial Pacification Department will be destroyed. "

Tai Xuan said, "No matter what, let's just wait and see. We need to accumulate strength. Xing Qiong used the Divine Prefecture's 100th level technique to try to use the power of the Divine Prefecture. We all saw the phenomenon, but unfortunately, he was still suppressed.

From this, we can see that the Celestial Talisman Great Emperor has a deeper plan. We don't need to worry. Even if the sky falls, there will be someone taller to hold it up. " "Even so, in the Great Calamity, the ones who die the most are those with insufficient cultivation."

Wen Hong said, "Look at how many tribulations there have been. There have been countless wars between gods and demons, disasters of heaven and earth, battles between immortals and demons, conflicts between spirits and demons. Who knows how many gods and saints have died, but the three Celestial Venerables still stand."

"I wonder if the three great Empyreans will still be able to sit back and relax in this great calamity?

But I feel that they are also in danger. In the countless catastrophes in history, the three great Empyreans have already come out to stir up the storm and control the situation. But this time, they didn't do so. Instead, they are holed up like turtles, and I don't know what they are doing. From this, it can be seen that they have also anticipated great danger. "

Chang Weiyang's magic power was the most profound. She was already at the pinnacle of the thirty-six transformations, embodiment transformation. Moreover, she was an anomaly. However, she was still unable to break through to the next layer and become an existence that was beyond the three realms and not within the five elements.

Even if it was a divergent, it was only possible for him to break through this realm. It was not certain that he would succeed.

Chang Weiyang was painstakingly exploring and cultivating, but she was still at her wits' end. The huge barrier in front of her was almost insurmountable.

As long as she broke through to this realm, she would be able to know the secrets of the three Celestial Venerables. She would then push the universe's Profound Gate to the number one position and completely break the monopoly of the Profound Gate of Heaven and Earth in the Immortal Dao.

She now felt that if she wanted to break through, she would probably need to borrow the power of the Calm Immortal Department in the future.

"I really want to see how far the Calm Immortal Department can grow."

Chang Weiyang was very much looking forward to this. She was especially optimistic about Gu Chensha. However, she also felt some regret in her heart. "If I had known, I would have befriended that Gu Taxian first. Who knows, I might have been able to obtain even more secrets from him." It was only now that many experts knew how powerful the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor was.

This time, when Xing Qiongshi activated the 100th level of the Divine Prefecture Secret Art, a ripple appeared in the Divine Prefecture. Ordinary people only felt the earth tremble slightly, as if there was some kind of earthquake. However, in the eyes of true Deities and Sages, it was like a huge wave that could shake the heavens and earth.

Xing Qiongshi had returned, and she had even mastered the 100th level of the Divine Prefecture Secret Art. Unfortunately, she had been defeated by the power left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor.

This sent back a message — the power left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor was still there. No one dared to act recklessly.

And borrowing this power, the Calm Immortal Department activated all sorts of methods, once again pushing their reputation to a new peak. This could be said to be just right.

Within the Minor Divine Prefecture, cultivators were constantly being guided over from the Eastern Barren Lands. There were already 200,000 cultivators in the land with a circumference of several hundred thousand li.

This incarnation of Gu Chensha sat there, watching as the 200,000 cultivators continued to purify the living beings in the sea, expanding outwards. After the living beings in the sea gained intelligence, the first thing they did was to worship the sphere, making vows and making wishes, contributing their own Wish Power to the Common People's Wish sphere.

Although the intelligence of the living beings in the sea was far inferior to that of humans, and the amount of Wish Power they contributed wasn't much, their numbers were great. A school of fish would be tens of millions, or even up to a hundred million.

The number of living beings in the sea was much greater compared to those on land. This was a region of great value, and there was naturally no way Gu Chensha would let it go.

Moreover, under the management of the Minor Divine Prefecture, countless spirit herbs began to be produced, planted, and condensed into arrays. The Minor Divine Prefecture's enchantment became thicker and thicker.

Ordinary people couldn't see anything, but if a cultivator used their mental energy to look, they would discover that the countless scriptures in the air had condensed into an enchantment. Those scriptures then condensed into God Generals that could gather and disperse at will. Many grand arrays and magic power combined and seeped into the earth veins in the depths of the sea, becoming extremely stable from top to bottom.

In a few more days, this Minor Divine Prefecture's enchantment would probably not be able to be destroyed even by God Generals. This sect on the sea gradually took shape.

Next, they would have to rely on accumulation. Firstly, the cultivators in the Minor Divine Prefecture would increase their strength and become geniuses. Secondly, the number of cultivators would increase. Thirdly, they would have to purify more living beings in the sea and gather more Wish Power, which snowballed. These three steps all required time. It was impossible to achieve them in one go.

With Gu Chensha overseeing this place, he used all sorts of methods to make the hearts of the people united, allowing them to develop quickly and painstakingly. Governing a large country was like cooking a small fish.

The Wish Sphere of Common People was the foundation of the Celestial Tranquility Department. The reason why it had condensed into a Minor Chiliocosm so quickly was because Gu Chensha had plundered primordial treasures everywhere and fused them. He had also stolen all the Legalism's savings, as well as a third of the Wu Clan's Martial Saint's Paradise's savings. With all these combined, the Minor Chiliocosm's current might was formed. He couldn't possibly use other primordial treasures to fuse into the Minor Divine Prefecture.

This was because the Minor Divine Prefecture was just an Immortal Dao Alliance at the end of the day, a "granary" on the sea. It provided the Wish Power for the sphere, but not its foundation.

Everything was for the sake of the Minor Chiliocosm. Refining this Arcane Treasure was the foundation. Sin Province. Gu Chensha's clone was helping Qin Han manage the Human-Dragon League.

At this time, the Human-Dragon League's palace was built outside the Sin Province's city. Countless demons had become guardian vajras. Now, they had begun to reclaim the barren land and plant all sorts of spirit herbs. The Sin Province's land had begun to be abandoned because of the approaching Devil Calamity. Moreover, demons would come to invade from time to time. It had long been deserted, giving the Human-Dragon League a chance to expand.

The Buddhists had secret arts that could transform the soil eroded by Devil Qi into fertile land, turning demons into Buddhas. This was the foundation of the Human-Dragon League.

Now, the Human-Dragon League was planting some ancient Buddhist plants, such as the Seven-Colored Treasure Lotus, the Vajra Buddha Rice, and the Samadhi Fruit Tree. These were all grains and spirit herbs developed by the ancient Buddhist Sect back then. They had special effects. Although they were far inferior to the Human-Dragon Pill, they could still greatly benefit ordinary people. After all, no matter how much the Celestial Tranquility Department produced, it was impossible for everyone in the world to eat the Human-Dragon Pill.

Not to mention, besides the common people of the Yongchō Divine Prefecture, there were also empires run by the Immortal Dao Mystic Sects. For example, the countries run by the Cosmos Mystic Sects had hundreds of millions of people.

All in all, the seventy-two Immortal Dao Mystic Sects ran their own countries, although they weren't in the Central Divine Prefecture. If you counted them all, the population would be unimaginably huge. The experts of those countries would also send people to purchase the Human-Dragon Set, using many good things to exchange for it.

So even though the Celestial Tranquility Department increased its production, it still couldn't meet the demand. This gave some of the other spirit herbs in the market space to survive.

Otherwise, if everyone used the Human-Dragon Pill, there would basically be no market for the other herbs.

The entire world's food and drink would be monopolized by the Celestial Tranquility Department. This wasn't something the Celestial Tranquility Department wanted to see.

The Celestial Tranquility Department wanted to lead the people of the world to become independent and strong. Now, it was producing the Human-Dragon Pill, the Human-Dragon Armor, and the Human-Dragon Sword. On one hand, it was to trade for good things and do business to increase its strength. On the other hand, it was to contribute to the resistance against the Devil Calamity.

Once the Devil Calamity was over, the Celestial Tranquility Department would naturally make adjustments. It wouldn't produce on a large scale, allowing the people of the world to support themselves and develop the best things according to their own ideas.

"President, our Human-Dragon League is gradually on the right track. Large numbers of demons have begun to develop the Sin Province's wasteland and plant some Buddhist plants. Our Human-Dragon League also has its own characteristics and is beginning to have income. In addition, the Celestial Tranquility Department will also provide the Human-Dragon Pill and Heavenly Dew Pill every month. We've recruited many like-minded scholars.

Now, we have almost ten thousand members. "In the Human-Dragon League's temple, Gu Chensha was discussing with Qin Han. This incarnation of his was called Fang Lin.

Qin Han had long treated him as his right-hand man. This was because the entire Human-Dragon League's relations with the outside world, business, planting, cultivating, recruiting scholars, managing the big and small matters of the League, and nurturing people were all handled by "Fang Lin." If not for Fang Lin, Qin Han probably wouldn't have been able to maintain the Human-Dragon League.