Chapter 489
===========

"The Heavenly Talisman Thearch's bloodline still has to be stimulated. This bloodline far surpasses any other bloodline in this world. It has an unfathomable ability that even the heavenly dao and destiny can't go against. It can be seen from that Gu Chensha. Right now, his cultivation is extremely tyrannical. At the same cultivation realm, even Fa Wuxian isn't a match for him."

Gu Chensha knew that he had convinced Gu Tanjian. "I feel that Alliance Chief should find an opportunity to form alliances and do some business with the Calming Immortal Agency. After that, we can obtain Gu Chensha's bloodline power from the Calming Immortal Agency. Moreover, we can make use of the Calming Immortal Agency to contend against the The Great Spirit God and the Witch Ancestor. We can then sit back and reap the benefits. Leave everything to this subordinate to handle." "Alright!"

Gu Tanjian's eyes flickered violently. "Your plan is reasonable. Let's split it into three steps. Firstly, I will obtain the Witch Ancestor's Bone Plate and condense the strongest curse on it to make the Martial Sovereign fall for it. Afterward, you will draw the Martial Sovereign and the nine Wu Clan's god-class experts to fight it out. We will then be able to obtain the opportunity to obtain the Martial Saint's paradise and the nine god-class experts as well as the Martial Sovereign Anomaly.

"At the same time, you will join forces with the Calming Immortal Agency to steal the method to stimulate the Heavenly Talisman Thearch's bloodline. How about it?"

"As long as this plan succeeds, Alliance Chief will truly be able to break free from the restraints of the The Great Spirit God and the Witch Ancestor. Furthermore, you will be able to establish your own faction. In the future, you might even have the chance to develop and grow stronger during the calamity. It might even be possible for you to become a character on the same level as the three Heavenly Venerables." Gu Chensha didn't stop drawing out the beautiful future.

"This matter is indeed inseparable from you. Let me see how far you can go." Right at this moment, Gu Tanjian finally decided to bleed a little.

He rotated the Giant Spirit Ring in his hand, and a radiance rushed out. Within that radiance, a magic treasure appeared. This magic treasure was embroidered with mountains and rivers, clouds and thunder, violent winds, dragons and tigers, oceans, and the sky.

"This treasure is incomplete. It is a piece of the Primordial Treasure Map of Stars, and it also has the miraculous use of protection.

In ancient times, there was an expert called the Four Stars Holy Mother. This Holy Mother ruled over a region and gathered many demons. Her status was equivalent to the current Li Wanlong of the Nest of ten thousand dragons. However, she was later attacked by the Emperor of Heaven and the Mysterious Sect of the Immortal Dao. They destroyed the Four Stars Demon Mountain and killed her. Her protective treasure, the Four Stars Map, also split into many pieces and flew off in all directions. Legend has it that one can find the treasures of the Four Stars Mountain if they collect all the Four Stars Maps. "

Gu Tanjian said, "Wudang Xing, I can see that you have some luck. I came across this Map of Stars by chance, so I'm giving it to you to protect yourself. Your Thunderslayer Sword is best at attacking, while the Map of Stars is a purely defensive treasure. With one for offense and one for defense, you'll be invincible." "Thank you, Alliance Master."

Gu Chensha took the broken Map of Stars and carefully examined it. He found that the refinement method of this map was not inferior to the Heavenly Demon Book.

He had read countless ancient books about the Four Stars Holy Mother and obtained many fragmented memories of ancient demon sages. He knew a little about the rumors about the Four Stars Holy Mother. The Four Stars Holy Mother had been the leader of the demon race for a period of time, but not long after, she died because of internal strife and the Mysterious Sect of the Immortal Dao. In fact, the leader of the demon race changed very quickly.

Li Wanlong of the Nest of ten thousand dragons also did not stay for long. Before him, the sacred land of the demon race was called the Lion Camel Mountain, and the leader of the demon race was called the Lion Camel Great Sage.

Before the Lion Camel Mountain, it was called the Heavenly Peng Realm, and its owner was the Heavenly Peng Great Sage, a giant Peng bird.

This bird was said to have cultivated the Heavenly Demon Tree and built its nest in the Heavenly Demon Tree. It escaped into the turbulence of time and space and became the Heavenly Peng Realm.

Before the Heavenly Peng Realm was the Crystal Dragon Palace, and its owner was an underwater black dragon called the Black Dragon Great Sage, a member of the water race. The demons in the sea were much more numerous than those on land.

Before the Crystal Dragon Palace was the Wonderful Fox Country, and its owner was a nine-tailed fox called the Sweet Fox Great Sage. It was said that Aunt Hu was the sister of the Sweet Fox Great Sage.

In addition, in the ancient era, the Demon Ape of Chaos, the Sun Devouring Basha Serpent, and other overlords were also the leaders of the demon race. The change of dynasties in the demon race was similar to that of the human race.

If a powerful overlord appeared in the demon race, he could challenge Li Wanlong and defeat him, and he could also become the leader of the demon race.

The history of the demon race was extremely rich in information and epic from generation to generation.

The Four Stars Holy Mother was from a very long time ago, which was equivalent to the era of the Demon Ape of Chaos and the Sun Devouring Basha Serpent.

If Gu Chensha had cultivated the 23 changes of the Dao realm, "Past Reflection", he might have been able to deduce some of the secrets of the past with the aura of the Four Stars Map. Unfortunately, it was extremely difficult for him to cultivate this change, and it was definitely not a smooth journey. He had not completely comprehended the vicissitudes of life and the mysteries of the universe.

"Thank you for the reward, Alliance Leader. I will go and do what I have to do." After keeping the Four Stars Map, Gu Chensha immediately took his leave.

Gu Tanjian looked at the traces of him leaving, and a cold smile appeared on his face. "What kind of fortuitous encounter did this Wudang Xing encounter? He is quite powerful, but he is still under my control. Interesting, even a Martial Emperor has appeared? This news is extremely important to me.

I have no use for the fragment of the Four Stars Map, but this kid has some luck. Maybe I can use his luck to find other fragments of the Four Stars Map. When the time comes, I can take them all back. Didn't you say that you wanted me to set up an ancient curse?

This Four Stars Map has the Soul Transforming Spell of the ancient curse, and it can completely control you. Let's see what you are doing. Why would I believe a two-faced person like you? However, I still have to carry out this plan. "

"As expected, this Gu Tanjian set up an ancient curse on the fragment of the Four Stars Map. Unfortunately, I obtained part of the Xing Qiongshi's memories, and I know all kinds of ancient witchcraft like the back of my hand. Apart from that, I also obtained the complete version of the Maha Suppression Scripture, so it is easy for me to set up a curse.

Moreover, I have cultivated the Heavenly Law, and I no longer have the fate line and fate line, which are the nemesis of all curses. "

Gu Chensha had long discovered the curse hidden in the fragment of the Four Stars Map, but he could see through the nature of the curse with a single glance. He could completely dispel it with just a thought. However, he did not dispel it, lest it aroused Gu Tanjian's suspicions.

He still wanted to use Gu Tanjian to deal with the Martial Emperor and the Wu Clan, and seize the Martial Saint's Abode. This was the true meaning of seeking wealth from danger.

The arrangements were more or less complete. He just had to wait for Gu Tanjian to obtain the Ancestor Witch Bone Plate, set up a curse on it, and then hand it to the Martial Emperor.

"The Four Stars Map is really amazing. This fragment can form a formation to wrap around one's body, and experts below the Dao Realm 27 Transformation won't be able to do anything to it."

Gu Chensha studied the Four Stars Map, "If this was the complete version, it would definitely not be weaker than the Heaven Monster Book. It is a treasure of the same grade, but how easy would it be to collect all of it?

If my memory serves me correctly, there are a few such Four Stars Maps in the Ten Thousand Dragon Nest. "

Gu Chensha had obtained many memories, and he was extremely knowledgeable. Even Saints might not be able to compare to him. Just all of Chang Yuxing's memories was equivalent to unparalleled wealth. He was even more familiar with the secrets of the Four Stars Map than Gu Tanjian. When the Four Stars Map was shattered, it was split into 64 pieces. Each piece corresponded to a divinatory diagram.

The Four Stars Map in Gu Chensha's hands was called the "Cloud Thunder Station Divinatory Diagram", and it contained an extremely profound mystery.

When the Four Stars Map was activated, one could find the correct location of the Four Stars Mountain in the space-time turbulence. Then, one could use the Four Stars Map to find the Four Stars Mountain and obtain the Four Stars Holy Mother's legacy.

Many true treasures were actually hidden in the space-time turbulence, and in the depths of the dimensions.

The space-time turbulence was extremely dangerous. Once lost, even Gods and Saints would not be able to return to their original world. Moreover, when space overlapped with space, there would often be huge space-time storms that swept through countless dimensions, accompanied by the birth and destruction of dimensions. If a Saint was swept into it, they would die immediately.

The entire universe, space-time, dimensions, and space worlds did not exist forever, but could be born and destroyed at any time.

Even Gods and Saints did not dare to travel randomly in the space-time turbulence. If they were swept into the collapse of a space world, it would be like a normal person encountering a volcano, earthquake, landslide, or tsunami. There was basically no chance of survival.

In addition, in the depths of the space-time turbulence, there were also some ferocious monsters and evil spirits condensed by the will of dimensions, which specialized in devouring wandering Gods and Saints.

Therefore, even with the protection of the sphere of the People's Wish, Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya did not dare to search for the World Burying Coffin. They could only use the sacrificial method to make the World Burying Coffin automatically return. He put away the Four Stars Map. Gu Chensha had no use for this map.

He set up a small spell on the map to confuse Gu Tanjian, so that he could sense that Wudang Xing was doing a series of things.

There were many of these kinds of confusing spells, and he could just casually pick a few of them to achieve the goal of confusing the ancient projectile sword.

After this was done, Gu Chensha's body flew up again, and he came to the Sin Province in the center of the Divine Land.

The center of the Land of Infinity was the Divine Land in the Central Plains, and the center of the Divine Land was the Sin Province.

In the underground grassland where the seal of the Bottomless Sea of Sin was broken, the demonic herbs grew wildly again.

A few years ago, Gu Chensha cultivated the Heavenly Demon Tree here, killed many demons, and suppressed the Devil Disaster. Later, because of various reasons, he did not guard the Devil Area here, and the Devil Qi of the Devil Area invaded again.

Fortunately, the Tranquil Fairy Department had produced the Dragon Elixir. As long as people took it, the elixir would penetrate into their blood, and they would not be afraid of the invasion of the demonic nature. Many military fortresses above the Bottomless Sea of Sin were now without soldiers. The imperial court had completely abandoned this place.

The reason was very simple. When the Devil Disaster broke out, the Devil Clan's army, which was like a landslide and a tsunami, would immediately drown this place. Any soldiers left here would die.

Gu Chensha looked at the Bottomless Sea of Sin from a very high altitude, and then looked at the Divine Land, the Great Wall on the edge, the various states, various buildings, and the newly built cities on the barren land. Suddenly, he seemed to find something.

He found that according to the layout of the Great Emperor of Heaven Talisman, the entire Divine Central Continent seemed to have become some kind of formation.