Chapter 1038
============

Time to Die Ancestor of Love and Confucianism Ancestor finally gave up.

They knew the real reason. The moment they entered the new world, all their cultivation had been absorbed by the old world. This meant that even if they returned to the old world, they would still be ordinary people. This meant that they could not go back. They could only cultivate in the new world.

It was like giving up all of your wealth and status to go to another country. If you wanted to go back, your wealth and status wouldn't be waiting for you.

"It's over, it's over."

Confucianism Ancestor was depressed, "We have to start all over again. We have no way out. Who would have thought that the new world would be so dangerous, taking away all of our power?"

"There's nothing we can do about it. Thankfully, there's no fighting, no killing, and no dark side to this place. It's absolutely safe here. In fact, it doesn't seem like there's any death here. Even if we lose our magic powers, we won't die. We can live our lives in peace." Ai Zu was quite open-minded. "I'm afraid this is a good ending for us?"

"The problem is that we've lost all of our power. If the new world is destroyed, we won't be able to escape. All we can do is die with Gu Chensha."

Confucianism Ancestor said, "We still have a huge foundation in the human world. We have huge families there. Once we lose our support, our families will probably be wiped out. No, I have to negotiate with Gu Chensha and get him to return our cultivation. We have to return to the old world." "What right do we have to negotiate with Gu Chensha?"

Ancestor of Love said, "We can only cultivate here and use the Dragonless Heart Technique to create power. Actually, I can feel it.

The cultivation in the new world is many times stronger than in the old world. For example, someone at the same level in the new world can beat a hundred people in the old world. " "Indeed." At this time, the Confucianism Ancestor also realized it.

Although they had lost their powers and had become ordinary people, their vision and vast experience were still there. The experience of the Old World was somewhat similar to the experience of the New World. In terms of cultivation, their comprehension and changes were also the same. It was just that the Old World absorbed power, while the New World emitted power.

Confucianism Ancestor observed the children on the grassland and discovered a fact. In other words, at the same realm, the people of the New World were a hundred times stronger than the people of the Old World, or even more. Why was that? They couldn't understand.

"In other words, if we cultivate the Heavenly Dao in this new world, we'll be more than a hundred times stronger than Zhao Jiangshan?" Immediately, they began to cultivate as well.

"Your cultivation is still very clumsy, I suggest that you go to the Dragonless Academy's Newcomer Division.

They specialize in accepting people from the outside world who have lost all their powers. After a series of training, your ability to unleash spirit force will increase by many times and your cultivation speed will be faster. Everyone's spirit is a treasure mountain, but excavating a treasure mountain also requires technique. It isn't that simple and is even more complicated than the cultivation methods of the Old World. "

The lady in the lead said, "All living beings in the New World have the responsibility to help each other. Since you guys have transmigrated here, I will inform the person in charge of the Dragonless Academy's Newcomer Division to receive you." RUMBLE!

The lady in the lead seemed to have activated some kind of signal. In an instant, a rainbow appeared in the sky and descended, sweeping up the Confucianism Ancestor and the Ancestor of Love, bringing them to a majestic and majestic academy.

This academy looked incomparably huge, standing tall on the ground. Each building was hundreds of thousands of kilometers tall, like the palaces of a supergiant. Countless students were flying here and there densely packed. There were people in the sky and on the ground, but they were all in an orderly manner and there were no conflicts. As these people flew, their bodies emitted spirit qi, immortal qi, or even undying energy. These energies continuously fused into the depths of the world, making the world more colorful.

"Confucianism Ancestor, Ancestor of Love, welcome to the New World."

When the two of them landed in a large hall in the academy, a young man appeared in front of them. The two of them recognized him; he was an official of the Yongchō Academy called Yu Yang.

"This hall is actually …" The Confucianism Ancestor landed on the ground and discovered that the material of this hall was Destiny Stone. The so-called Destiny Stone was the essence of the Heaven Realm, a supreme power condensed from the essence of Fate. Even if a mortal obtained it, they would be able to reach the heavens in a single step. The throne of the Emperor Of Heaven was made of Destiny Stone. Whoever obtained the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven would be the Emperor Of Heaven.

Back then, the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven definitely did not contain as many Destiny Stones as this one did.

Looking at the Destiny Stones in the hall, the Confucianism Ancestor and the Ancestor of Love both wanted to devour and refine them. That way, their cultivation would be able to reach the heavens in a single step, and it would not be too difficult for them to return to the Ancestor Realm.

Looking at the expressions on the faces of the Confucianism Ancestor and the Ancestor of Love, Yu Yang smiled and said, "Sirs, do you want to devour the Destiny Stones here?

But let me tell you, this is the new world. You have to get rid of all of the old world's thoughts of plundering. In the new world, plundering anything won't increase your cultivation. Instead, it will cause you to be consigned to eternal damnation. With your intelligence, you should know this.

You have both reached the Ancestor Realm in the New World, so changing your way of thinking is not too difficult. Alright, the two of you still have a lot of Fate. After you recover your strength here, you will be thousands of times more powerful than before. After that, you can return to the New World and change it. This is the mission of the New World's people. "

"How can we cultivate to quickly increase our strength?" The Ancestor of Love had completely changed his way of thinking.

"The Dragonless Cultivation Technique's essence is to activate your spirit power and create all sorts of source materials according to what the New World needs to enrich the New World.

All of us are the masters of the New World. The two of you have already cultivated the Dragonless Cultivation Technique and can create spirit qi. However, when you came in, you still had the way of thinking of the New World.

As such, you were rejected by the New World and lost all of your power. However, as long as you quickly cultivate, it will be normal for your power to return. Now, try to use the Dragonless Cultivation Technique to create spirit qi … " Yu Yang told the two of them a series of cultivation techniques. The Ancestor of Love and the Confucianism Ancestor immediately started to cultivate.

The power of the Dragonless Cultivation Technique shone on their bodies and at the start, waves of spirit qi flowed out from their bodies. Then, it surged out like a flood and spread out.

Crackling sounds could be heard as the two of them worked for two hours. It was impossible to tell how much spiritual energy they had produced. The spiritual energy transformed into spirit liquid, which flowed out and converged into a river, which then condensed into spirit stones. Kacha!

After the two of them created large amounts of spirit stones, they finally started to transform into Dao Realm 20 Transformation Stage experts.

"Good, not bad. The two of you cultivate much faster than normal living beings in the New World. After all, you were once Ancestor Realm experts. Actually, there is death in the New World. If you stop sending out your spirit power, then at a certain point in time, the New World will wipe out all evidence of your existence. To you, that is the same as dying. You can think of the New World as a house. Once you enter, you have to pay rent. If you don't, then the landlord will chase you out.

"However, actually, all of us have no life and no death. Even if we die, only our mark on this world will be wiped out. Of course, all of you won't be able to understand what I am saying. This is the highest concept of the Dragonless Cultivation Technique, which is the foundation of His Majesty Gu Chensha's theory. The New World is just a transition. In the distant future, the New World will also have heaven-toppling changes." Yu Yang smiled calmly.

This caused the hearts of the Confucianism Ancestor and the Ancestor of Love to shake. They didn't dare to go against Gu Chensha anymore. After seeing this new world, they felt that going against Gu Chensha was a mistake. Gu Chensha was indeed changing this world and ruling this era. In the old world, which was the Human World.

Fa Wuxian was running around everywhere, killing those who had comprehended the Dragonless Cultivation Technique.

He had really gone crazy. Since he couldn't do anything to Gu Chensha, he vented all his hatred on those who had comprehended the Dragonless Cultivation Technique.

"New World …"

Fa Wuxian traversed through countless worlds, planes, space-time, and universes. Fa Wuxian transformed into a huge black mouth. His mouth was filled with a devouring and crushing power. Any existence that came into contact with him would be devoured. At the same time, he looked at the huge New World.

A new world, a new universe... It was something that could be seen at all times by people with high cultivation bases. To anyone who had cultivated to the Divine level, the new world was attracting them. The aura that was being emitted from the new world was the smell of undying.

It seemed that everyone could feel one thing. As long as they entered the New World, they would be free of tribulations, calamities, immeasurable, invincible, immortal, and indestructible. Every time Fa Wuxian saw the New World, the resentment in his heart would increase.

"Gu Chensha, you bastard. You created a new world and played with so many new tricks. Do you really think you are invincible? I must devour this New World.

And I must devour it in front of you. I will destroy all your efforts. "Although Fa Wuxian thought so, he didn't dare to do it. He hadn't reached the Invincible Immortal Realm.

While he was wandering in different space-time, The Fourth Gu Huasha, Dharma Saint, The Great Spirit God, and others had gathered.

"Are we absolutely sure we can kill Fa Wuxian this time?

We can't let him reach the Invincible Immortal Realm. Otherwise, we will be the first to die, "Dharma Saint said.

"I am absolutely sure." The Fourth Gu Huasha smiled coldly.