Chapter 961
===========

The Dao Immortal's Rebellion Chapter 958: The Dao Immortal's Rebellion

"We miscalculated this time. We followed that piece of trash, Gu Daoxian."

There was a group of experts here, led by Yuan Gu, Subhutuo, and Dou Sheng. There were also hundreds and thousands of Celestial Longevity Realm cultivators. These people were all Gu Daoxian's subordinates.

Yuan Gu, Subhutuo, and Dou Sheng had wanted to borrow Gu Daoxian's power to establish a new foundation. They hadn't expected that Gu Daoxian would be defeated by Gu Chensha, and then become like a stray dog, hiding in the mortal world, not daring to show his face.

Yuan Gu, Subhutuo, and Dou Sheng, who had wanted to benefit from this chaotic world, were greatly disappointed. Gu Daoxian was in seclusion, and the three of them began to communicate spiritually.

"We've followed Gu Daoxian for so long, but our cultivation hasn't increased at all. Damn it." Yuan Gu was furious.

Dou Sheng's expression was dark. "This person is like a second Long Xiangtian. He has a mutated essence, but he's ended up in such a cowardly state. He'll probably die without a burial soon. I think we should join the Heavenly Court. I thought that the Emperor Heaven of the Heavenly Court would follow the rules of fate, and that even if we joined the Heavenly Court, we'd still end up in a miserable state. I didn't expect that the Emperor Heaven would actually start a reform, and even set up a reform department. In a single leap, the Dharma Saint has become a powerful Heavenly King of Reform, and he's getting stronger and stronger. Ten thousand years ago, the Dharma Saint was nothing to us, but now he's far surpassed us. Are we going to join him?" "It's not a bad idea to join him," Subhutuo said.

"He controls the reform department, and after painstakingly managing it, his gains are greater than anyone else's. In fact, his influence in the Heavenly Court has already surpassed that of the Sun-Moon Master, Hua Mingsha."

"We still have an advantage if we join the reform department. We can use Gu Daoxian's secrets as an exchange, and we can even use Dou Yiyu's secrets as an exchange.

We can even use these two points to obtain a great deal of merit, and then exchange them for merit rings from the Heavenly Court's Hunyuan Heaven List to increase our power. " "This is the right path."

Dou Sheng didn't have the slightest bit of hesitation when talking about betraying his daughter: "There is no benefit in relying on Gu Chensha's side. Now, many experts in the Eternal World can't comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra. They can only enter the Human World to find an opportunity, so following Gu Chensha is not a good choice." "We're going to communicate with the Heavenly Court now? Contact the Dharma Saint? "

Yuan Gu said, "Although we are following this Gu Daoxian, in reality, we also have connections with the Heavenly Court. We can betray them at any time. I think this Gu Daoxian is not far from rebelling." Buzz … Just as Yuan Gu was speaking, a huge Mind Wave shocked everyone present. This was the spirit power of the Ancient Dao Immortal.

"The Emperor Of Heaven is going against the grain, actually placing the Three Corpses Divine Bug in the human realm to monitor people's hearts. This action will definitely bring about a great calamity and backlash. I will follow the will of the people and immediately rebel against the Heavenly Court. Everyone, prepare yourselves. We will begin to expand, attack cities and seize land in the human realm, subdue all living things, and gather faith," said Gu Daoxian's voice.

He was starting a rebellion, but he was not directly attacking the Heavenly Court. That would be meaningless.

Attacking cities and seize land in the human realm, subduing all living things, gathering resources, and offering sacrifices would allow him to develop and grow in an instant.

This was especially so with Gu Daoxian's strength. Within a few hours, he would probably be able to make trillions or even trillions of living things offer sacrifices to him and curse the Heavenly Court. This would cause great damage to the Heavenly Court.

Gu Daoxian gave the order, and instantly, an endless amount of light erupted forth, covering everything. After that, the light continued to squirm and spread out. Wherever it reached, the living creatures and commoners would abandon everything and start to worship the black-and-white young man, Gu Daoxian.

As they offered sacrifices to the black-and-white young man, Gu Daoxian, they also cursed the Heavenly Court, the Emperor Of Heaven, and even the gods. This curse spread into the sky, polluting the stars, the sun, and the moon. At that moment, anyone in the human realm could see that in the sky high above, it was as if ghosts were crying and gods were howling, and the world was turning upside down.

After all, Gu Daoxian was the owner of the largest mutated source. Once he rebelled against the Heavenly Court, it would indeed be world-shaking. Gu Daoxian's attack instantly caused many hidden experts to become restless.

"It's time to plunder without restraint."

In the Otherworld, Liu Chansha, Ji Ningsha, and the others activated the Dragonless Heart Sutra and shrank the Otherworld once again. With a violent tremor, they descended into the human realm, also wanting to fish in troubled waters.

"The Emperor Of Heaven has actually created such a terrifying existence as the Three Corpses God. It enters people's hearts, and every thought and thought in people's hearts will immediately be reported by the Three Corpses God to the Heavenly Court. It really is as if with a thought, all the ghosts and gods in the world will know.

This kind of action can indeed strengthen the authority of the Heavenly Court to the limit, but it will also cause a strong backlash from all living things. It will also easily cause the Dragonless Heart Sutra to spread. When the Dragonless Heart Sutra is cultivated to a profound level, one can slay the Three Corpses and exterminate the Three Pests. "

Ji Ningsha said: "I think with such a big movement, the other people who reincarnated from the mutated source will also awaken."

When Gu Chensha used the Dragonless Heart Sutra to devour the human realm and the Heavenly Court, the mutated source fell again. Although there was no one as big as Gu Daoxian's, there were still some that were relatively big. There were even a few mutated source that were about half the size of Gu Daoxian's, which was more than fifty times the size of Long Xiangtian's.

If such a huge mutated source fell into someone's hands, that person's strength would also be extremely tyrannical. He would definitely be able to cause chaos in the world and shake the Heavenly Court.

In the future, even the Chaotic Demonic God Ape could cause chaos in the Heavenly Court. Now, even people of the level of Long Xiangtian were much more powerful than the Chaotic Demonic God Ape. Not to mention Gu Daoxian, who was a hundred times more powerful than Long Xiangtian.

If calculated, Gu Daoxian was at least equivalent to more than ten thousand Chaotic Demonic God Apes.

Thinking about it, in the future, it was not just one Chaotic Demonic God Ape wreaking havoc in the Heavenly Court, but tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands. Perhaps the Emperor Of Heaven would have a headache. This point, whether it was Ji Ningsha or Liu Chansha, they both knew clearly.

"Gu Daoxian's rebellion is still secondary. The Emperor Of Heaven should have enough confidence to suppress it now. But if all the people of the mutated source rebelled, things will be more troublesome. Not only that, Gu Chensha is also watching. The Emperor Of Heaven is not afraid of any people of the mutated source, but he is afraid of Gu Chensha, afraid of the Eternal World. If he is distracted while suppressing the rebellion, he may even be taken advantage of by Gu Chensha."

Ji Ningsha said again: "No matter what, as long as the human realm is in chaos, it will be our opportunity. We can take the opportunity to collect sacrifices, strengthen our cultivation, and prepare for the future calamity." "Then there is one more thing." Yun Nisha asked: "If this time Gu Chensha and the Emperor Of Heaven fight, who should we help?" "Of course it's Gu Chensha."

Ji Ningsha said: "In short, Gu Chensha is in power, so he can tolerate our otherworldly realm. Moreover, he was the one who gave us the word otherworldly realm. Him giving us this word represents endless fate, allowing us to wander outside of any power." "Now we will follow that Gu Daoxian's rebellion and get sacrifices first." After the otherworldly realm entered the human realm, it immediately began to expand.

There were many countries, cities, and continents in the Mortal World that didn't have any experts. It was very easy for these people to subdue them. They just had to activate their magic power to envelop the surroundings, and they would be able to change the faith of all the continents and worship them. The otherworldly realm was like this, and so was the ancient dao immortal.

"Gu Daoxian actually made a move, not bad, not bad."

In many corners of the human realm, many experts looked up at the sky. These experts were far beyond Sky Origin, and could see the human realm, the Heavenly Court, and even many other worlds.

"Hahaha, my chance is here. The world is in chaos, and the human realm is so fertile.

It's time for me, Xia Wansha, to start a great undertaking. "A huge aura spread out from his body, and it was actually about ten times that of Long Xiangtian.

"I, Yu Wangsha, also need to start collecting sacrificial power to strengthen myself." An even stronger person who had obtained the mutated source also started to invade the human realm.

"Chu Wusha, Nie Xunsha, let's work together and directly rule the human realm. The human realm is so huge, and there are so many living beings. In an instant, we can produce a large number of sacrifices. We can refine the immortality from there, and then we can create a treasure as strong as the Heavenly Court."

"Yes, brother Yan, let's work together and use the dragonless technique to refine immortality. The immortality we refine is definitely not below the Heavenly Court. We can also build the Heavenly Court, and even capture and refine the Emperor Of Heaven." "Then what about Gu Daoxian?" "Hmph!

Gu Daoxian has great ambitions, but little talent. He obtained the source, but he doesn't know how to use it, and he doesn't even know how to lie dormant. He will definitely die, and there's no chance of luck. Since he can't control the mutated source, then we'll control it. "

"Right, if we use the dragonless technique to refine immortality, then that Gu Chensha will probably take advantage of it."

"Since ancient times, refining immortality from sacrifices has been the most profound secret technique, and it hasn't even appeared before. A few decades ago, the Celestial Sovereign realm was the peak of the world, but how could a Celestial Sovereign know how to refine immortality? Tian Shou doesn't know either.

If Tian Shou knew how to refine immortality, then he wouldn't have been destroyed along with the world. Instead, he wouldn't be destroyed even if the world was destroyed.

That's why the dragonless technique is the best method to refine immortality. It's also the only method, unless someone is truly talented and bold enough to create a technique that can rival the dragonless technique. "

"The dragonless technique contains truth. After anyone cultivates it, they'll be able to gain enlightenment from it. That's why we definitely won't be controlled by Gu Chensha when we cultivate the dragonless technique. If the dragonless technique is used to control people, then it wouldn't be the truth. The truth is that anyone can use it, regardless of whether it's good or evil. If it's a technique with a standpoint, then it wouldn't be the truth."