Chapter 559
===========

"What the hell is going on?"

Xing Qianxiong called upon his world. Though he could still use the power of the world, it was like he was suffering from constipation. Every time he tried, he could only extract a little.

"Let me tell you." Rumble! At this moment, Gu Chensha had already appeared in the Minuscule World.

Everything was ready. Using Xing Qianxiong to lure the wolf into the house, he finally managed to root the Tree of Wishes into the world and began to devour it. There was no need for him to hide anymore. Because he had complete control of the situation. Xing Qianxiong basically had no way to turn things around. Using the power of the universe to suppress the world was a piece of cake.

"Xing Qianxiong, you must be very proud of yourself for devouring the Peerless Heavenly Book."

Gu Chensha said, "But you don't know that the Peerless Heavenly Book is bait. If you don't devour it, we won't be able to learn the 72 stages of the divine continent. Now that Xing Qiongshi is injured and your world is under my control, there's no way you can run. Gold medal, pull! Freeze! " At this moment, Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Art entered the 'Just Like I Am Present' golden token. At that moment, Xing Qian Xiong seemed to be restrained and could not move.

At this time, the power of the universe was activated. It collapsed slightly and sucked in the entire world.

If an outsider were to look, they would see that the space inside the temple had shrunk. Xing Qianxiong, Jiang Qi, and the Demonic Lantern had all disappeared.

There was no movement in the outside world, and no one knew. There were no waves in the demonic domain.

At this time, Gu Chensha had sucked Xing Qianxiong, Jiang Qi, and the Demonic Sealing Lantern into the depths of the Life's Wish sphere. The universe enveloped Xing Qianxiong's world. He no longer had the ability to turn things around.

"Tree of Wishes!"

Gu Chensha roared. In an instant, the roots of the Tree of Wishes had all sunk into the particle world. He displayed the plundering ability of the Heavenly Demon Tree in the past. In an instant, Xing Qianxiong's surging World Energy was sucked in violently. No matter what Xing Qianxiong did, there was no reaction.

"Damn it, how did this happen?"

Xing Qian Xiong's will roared. He activated the Divine Continent's 72 Transformations in an attempt to fight for his life. Unfortunately, it was useless.

The Seventy-Two Strikes of the Divine Land Grand Technique were unleashed, but they were still absorbed by the Wishing Tree.

As for Gu Chensha, he activated the Heavenly Dao Technique, causing the Tree of Desire's absorption ability to reach its maximum.

The Wish Tree was even stronger than the previous Heavenly Demon Tree. It had the ability to absorb and spit out energy. It was the result of dozens of ancient Heavenly Emperors and Lord of Seven Stars Jiang Gongwang's research. It was a divine tree that governed all life under the heavens and fulfilled the wishes of the common people.

This tree swallowed and spat out ghosts and gods, accommodating all living beings. It was closer to the Primordial Meng Tree.

Furthermore, Gu Chensha had already swallowed a Hong Meng Holy Elixir and understood some of the structure of the Hong Meng Tree. If he used the Heavenly Path Technique to temper the Tree of Wishes, a series of incredible changes would occur. Even the ancient emperors would not have expected this to happen.

"Xing Qianxiong, stop struggling. Obediently allow yourself to be absorbed by my Wish Tree and become nourishment for the God of Wishes. That way, we can finally give birth to a true god.

You had a great time consuming the Peerless Heavenly Tome last time. This time, you'll have to repay the karma. " Gu Chensha roared and unleashed his might again.

"I don't believe it!

You actually dared to plot against me? You're just a puny cultivator, and you're only at the 23 Transformations. I can kill a hundred of you with a single breath! "Xing Qian Xiong let out an ear-piercing scream," Ancestor, save me! " "It's no use. I know Xing Qiongshi's secret. I swallowed a heaven-defying Mutated Pill he refined!

He was scared out of his wits by His Majesty and broke the 100th level of the Divine Continent Technique he cultivated. Now, he's hiding in some corner licking his wounds. Why would he come out to save you? "Gu Chensha activated his will again and saw Xing Qianxiong's Micro World withering.

"What a pity, Xing Qianxiong. After you swallowed the Peerless Heavenly Book, you haven't completely digested the power of worship within it. If you had completely digested it, you could capture billions of demons and let them gather the power of faith. After decades of bitter cultivation, you might be able to form a Micro World. But now, I won't give you that chance. "Zhuge Ya's will was also clashing with Xing Qianxiong.

"You've already schemed against me."

Xing Qianxiong was filled with regret. "No, you're just a puny cultivator. How could I not see through your transformation into a bloodline seed?

Even with the power of the Micro World as a cover, it's impossible for me to not notice any traces. " "Fine, I'll let you die knowing." Gu Chensha unleashed all of his power. "Look closely at the quality of my magic power." Waves of magic power appeared in front of Xing Qianxiong.

"This is …" Xing Qianxiong was very knowledgeable. Seeing this scene, he was even more shocked. "This is the quality of the Heaven Path Technique. How could you cultivate it?"

With this, Xing Qianxiong lost control of his mind and the speed at which the Tree of Desire absorbed the Micro World increased greatly.

This was what Gu Chensha wanted to achieve. This way, Xing Qianxiong would not be able to make a comeback.

"Will, deprive!"

Zhuge Ya suddenly attacked and cooperated with Gu Chensha. He started to use the power of the Micro World's People's Wish sphere to separate Xing Qianxiong's will from his Micro World. This way, Xing Qianxiong would not be able to commit suicide even if he wanted to.

"Absorb more!"

Gu Chensha became one with the Tree of Wishes and started to devour all of Xing Qianxiong's power with the power of a great ocean swallowing a great river. Gulp! Gulp!

After two hours, a large amount of World Energy was devoured. Xing Qianxiong's Micro World completely withered and turned into a World Seed that fused with the Tree of Desire. Xing Qianxiong's will and thoughts were stripped away and he had no power at all.

As for the Divine Land Demon Sealing Lamp, Gu Chensha did not have the time to devour it. Luckily, he had subdued Xing Qianxiong and made him lose all of his power. Within the Divine Land Demon Sealing Lamp, all of the demons were brainwashed. Now that they were praying, they produced an endless amount of faith power. It was like a base of a small Divine Land.

Gu Chensha did not want to devour all of the demons in the Divine Land Demon Sealing Lamp. That would be such a waste.

These devils produced a huge amount of power of faith from their prayers every day. If he used his "Great People's Salvation Scripture" to purify them and inject them into the small divine province, then the small divine province would be able to defend against the attacks of experts with its own power.

"The Divine Land Demon Sealing Lamp itself is also a Micro World. However, it is not as big as Xing Qianxiong's Micro World. This Micro World is only temporary." Zhuge Ya smiled. He saw that the God of Desire had finally formed a body on the Tree of Desire.

This god was exactly the same as Gu Chensha. However, it had the aura of a monarch descending upon the world, tearing apart the sky, dominating time and space, and sweeping through the past and present. The God of Desire rubbed his hands and immediately, surging World Energy was produced.

Then, the Life's Wish sphere of the Micro World started to change. The speed at which the various Wish Power inside was converted to World Energy increased by ten times.

Moreover, the speed at which the surrounding space-time turbulence was absorbed and decomposed was greatly increased. The interior of the Micro World expanded again. Large tracts of land were born. Apart from that, even time could be adjusted. It was completely different from the time outside.

"Good!"

At this time, Gu Chensha knew that the Micro World had truly stepped into the right path. The God of Desire was finally born. With this God level expert, he could activate the true power of the Micro World.

Being able to adjust the time inside the world and make it different from the time outside was the most mysterious part of the Micro World.

Of course, accelerating or delaying time was not beneficial to one's cultivation. Moreover, it would consume a large amount of World Energy. Unless there was an emergency, distorting the time inside the Micro World was not worth it.

"Our Micro World finally has a God level expert guarding it. Moreover, this God of Desire is one with me. It's basically like an incarnation of me. It's just that it's rooted in the Micro World and can't travel."

Gu Chensha said, "This Xing Qianxiong has indeed been fattened up by us. If he hadn't devoured the Peerless Heavenly Book, even if we had absorbed him, we wouldn't have been able to condense the God of Desire just like that."

"With the God of Wishes, our Mini Chiliocosm can be considered to be truly stable. Not only will we be able to absorb the Power of Wishes, but we'll also be able to increase our defense and counterattack power. Next, it's time to collect the World Burying Coffin." Zhuge Ya knew that everything was ready.

As long as they could collect the World Burial Coffin within these seven days and fuse it into the sphere, the power of the Micro World would skyrocket. At that time, they would give those attacking Demon Gods and the Immortal Dao Mystic Sect a pleasant surprise.

In fact, they could even devour a few Demon Gods and absorb the experts of the Immortal Dao Mystic Sect. It was possible that the Department of Calmness would be promoted to a Medium World in this battle, becoming a super giant that could stand shoulder to shoulder with the Black Heaven Earth Sect. It would be able to secure the fate of the Great Yongchō for a hundred years in one fell swoop. This battle was unavoidable. The risks were great, but the opportunities were also great.

"How should we deal with this brat?"

Gu Chensha pointed at Jiang Qi and said, "This brat seems to be obsessed with destroying our Department of Calmness. He even wants to become the Emperor. He's not a good person."

Jiang Qi didn't suffer any injuries at this time, but he already knew the situation he was in. He cursed loudly, "Department of Calmness, you're despicable and shameless! Did you just pretend to be the Old Ancestor to deceive me? How can such methods be considered righteous? "