Chapter 777
===========

"I think the matter of the Middle Earth of the Divine Prefecture can wait. It's not that easy to destroy the Celestial Department of Tranquility. Why don't we unify the 72 Mystical Gates of the Immortal Dao first?"

Wan Senshi said, "Since the three great Celestial Venerables are interested, then we can immediately carry out the plan. We can also contact many of the aristocratic families and consolidate the major powers. Finally, we can launch a revolution in the Central Divine Prefecture and make the Celestial Tranquility Department the target of public criticism. Only then will we be able to make our move. We must act quickly, starting with the Black Heaven Earth Gate." "We have to deal with the Black Heaven Earth Gate," the Celestial Master agreed.

"Let's start with the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth."

Celestial Venerate Victorious Fighter also agreed to this matter. "Otherwise, it would be difficult for the Tranquil Immortal Department to deal with the Profound Immortal Sects one by one and absorb them all into the Little Hongmeng Tree to strengthen themselves."

"The Black Heaven Earth Sect has another secret. This door connects to the origin of the Eastern Wastelands. The heart of the Eastern Wastelands has a subtle connection with the Black Heaven Earth Sect. This is the true foundation of the Black Heaven Earth Sect.

If we occupy the Black Heaven Earth Gate, we will have a chance to obtain the Heart of the Eastern Wasteland, "said Heavenly Sovereign Yuan Gu.

"Then let's begin."

Light shone from Empyrean Putuo's body as he casually slashed out. Instantly, a passageway appeared in front of him. Through this passageway, he could see the situation of the entire Eastern Wilderness.

The entire Eastern Wasteland's vast mountain range was overflowing with celestial Qi. There were huge spirit veins everywhere. Who knew how many sects and experts were hidden here? There were also ancient ruins. The Eastern Wilderness belonged to the Immortal Dao.

The Eastern Desolate Region's vitality far surpassed that of the Desolate Region, the Desolate Region, and the Desolate Region.

The three celestials, Wan Senshi, and old-timers like the Immortal Lord could see that the Eastern Wilds and the Immortal World were inextricably linked to each other. Immortal energy from the Immortal World flowed into the Eastern Wilds through secret space-time tunnels, as well as countless streams of spiritual energy.

The Celestial Spirit Qi nurtured each other and had an extremely strong life force. This made the Eastern Barren Land the best place for cultivation. Therefore, cultivators were all willing to build a dao field in the Eastern Barren Land.

In the very center of the Eastern Wasteland, the dimensional realm of the Black Heaven Earth Sect stood in the center. It constantly seeped into the Eastern Wasteland and formed countless connections with the Eastern Wasteland. Of course, the reason Patriarch Heaven and Earth had established the Black Heaven Earth Sect was to truly obtain the entire Eastern Wasteland.

Going against the Eastern Wilderness was the same as going against the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth.

Now, the three Celestial Sovereigns and Immortal Masters, as well as that old fogey Wan Senshi, had their sights set on the Profound Gate of Heaven and Earth. If they could truly understand the relationship between the Profound Gate of Heaven and Earth and the Eastern Wastelands, they would be able to obtain the Eastern Wastelands Heart in one fell swoop. In addition, there were countless immortal dao cultivators in the Eastern Wastelands.

For instance, Taiyi Fantasy Sect had opened up a vast plain in the Eastern Wilderness Mountain Range. The countries on the plain contained billions of people.

If the entire Eastern Barren Territory was occupied, the population would definitely exceed a hundred billion, or even more. At this time, the five old-timers were prepared to devour this juicy piece of meat in one go. Because they had the strength to do so.

"Immortal Master, the management matters will depend on your Prehistoric Civilization."

Empyrean Pu Tuo said, "The Celestial Tranquility Department was able to create the Grand Marshal of the common people. Your prehistoric civilization is the most suitable to create an emotionless archon.

There are hundreds of billions of people in the Eastern Barren Territory, and there are all kinds of complicated forces. If we want to integrate them quickly, we need to do it quickly. " "This is a small matter." The Immortal Master did not care. The five of them looked at the Profound Gate of Heaven and Earth and were about to make their move.

At this time, something seemed to happen inside the Profound Gate of Heaven and Earth. In the depths of the giant gate, a mysterious and immeasurable aura wriggled and flourished, as if it was about to descend into the world.

"What?"

Empyrean Yuan Gu's expression changed. "This is the aura of the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth. Is he still alive?" "If the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth is still alive... If he's still alive, then things will be difficult. "

Wan Senshi's expression also changed. "That old antique was born in the primal chaos before I was. He has many tricks up his sleeve. Even if he's dead, the Profound Gate of Heaven and Earth he created is still the number one sect in the immortal dao. If he hadn't recruited Gu Taxian into the sect and caused a disaster, the overall strength of the sect would probably be ten times stronger."

"That Profound Heart is the reincarnation of the Endless Heart. It's the thirty-sixth treasure of the Endless Thirty-six Treasures. It's the most mysterious. Although it's not the most powerful, it's the best at managing and winning over people's hearts. If you get it, you can quickly win over people's hearts and make everyone in the sect submit to you. It can even influence other sects and quickly unify all things in the world. In fact, the other thirty-five treasures of the Endless Heart revolve around it.

Even the number one treasure, the Endless Sword, and the number two treasure, the Endless Blade, serve the Endless Heart.

The Profound Heart has already been resurrected by Gu Tiansha, the Lord of the Sun and Moon. But now that Gu Tiansha is heavily injured, it's possible that the Profound Heart has escaped his control … "

"If that's the case, then we won't be able to control the Profound Gate of Heaven and Earth?" Empyrean Victor frowned.

"No! Even if Patriarch Heaven and Earth is resurrected, we can still suppress him!

If the five of us join forces, there's almost no one in the world who can do anything to us. "Wan Senshi said." Let's go to the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth first. " "That's the only thing we can do," the Immortal Lord said, nodding.

The five old-timers flickered through the land of ashes, then vanished. A moment later, they passed through countless space-time, passed countless countries, and arrived at the center of the Eastern Wastelands, where they saw the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth.

They ignored all of the restrictive magics of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth and entered the depths of the dimensional world, where they stood in front of the ancient stone gate.

"Five honored guests, please forgive me for not coming out to greet you earlier." At this point, a young man appeared in front of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. It was Xuan Xin.

Xuan Xin bowed deeply to the five old-timers, as if he had long since anticipated that they would come. He was tall and slender, with a face like jade, and an elegant demeanor. Even when facing the old-timers, he wasn't afraid at all. He knew that they had come to exterminate his sect, but he didn't feel the slightest bit of fear.

"That's right, Boundless Heart."

Wan Senshi looked over at Xuan Xin. "The Endless Thirty-six Treasures have never appeared in the world before. Now that they're here, they're showing their profundities and profundities. Unfortunately, the reincarnation of the Endless Umbrella, as well as Fa Wuxian, has been completely stripped away. You need to be careful. If you know we're coming, that means that Patriarch Heaven and Earth has already been resurrected. " "Our August Patriarch has indeed been resurrected."

Xuan Xin straightened his back, then smiled and said, "The August Patriarch saw you all plot to kill Gu Chensha, and then let Gu Chensha escape. He knew that the dao of heaven was changing, and that Gu Chensha's energy is at its peak. There's no way to deal with him. Therefore, we'll have to wait. There's no need for you to try to subjugate the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. We're willing to join your alliance, and I, Xuan Xin, am willing to serve you at your beck and call." "Oh? So adaptable. "

Yuan Gu looked into the depths of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth and roared, "Patriarch Heaven and Earth, since you've been resurrected, come out."

As Yuan Gu spoke, light gathered in the depths of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. Then, vital energy flowed, and a large amount of chaotic energy squirmed. In the end, a human figure was formed. This human figure was born from the chaos, and it turned into a boy.

The boy seemed to be only three years old. He was chubby and round, but his eyes were filled with vicissitudes, as if he could see through the changes of the world and the life and death of all things. This boy was Patriarch Heaven and Earth.

"Everyone, I've just been resurrected, and I've comprehended the Dao of Chaos, Life, and Death. Because my dharma body isn't complete, I look like a boy. Please don't blame me."

At this time, the boy spoke. His voice was old and ancient, as if it came from the Primordial Era. Vaguely, this boy and everyone else seemed to belong to a different space-time dimension.

"As expected of Patriarch Heaven and Earth. You were actually able to resurrect." A look of astonishment appeared in Immortal Master Wan's eyes. "I really didn't expect this. It seems you borrowed the power of heaven and earth to come back to life. " "The Heavenly Dao changed, and the shackles fell off.

I was able to come back to life because of that. Of course, Xuan Xin played a part as well. He obtained the Endless Heart and offered it to me, allowing the will of the Heavenly World to bless me. Somehow, my will fused with the primordial chaos, and I was able to manifest the mysteries of good fortune. "

Patriarch Heaven and Earth cupped his hands at the five old-timers. "Celestials, we had a lot of agreements in the past, but that's all gone now. We can join forces to strengthen ourselves, lest Gu Tiansha and Gu Chensha take us down one by one. If we're divided, we'll be easy to fall. If we work together, we'll be able to fight these freaks."

"If Patriarch Heaven and Earth says that, then we really can join forces and accomplish great things."

The immortal master said, "I can't believe Patriarch Heaven and Earth could come back to life. Your resurrection will be far more difficult than the Dharma Saint's." "It's just a miraculous effect of the Heavenly Dao's transformation."

Patriarch Heaven and Earth's expression didn't change. "Of course, it's thanks to the Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong that I was able to come back to life. If it weren't for the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, I wouldn't have been able to come back to life so easily. Dharma Saint, come out. " Buzz … A series of mysterious musical notes appeared. The Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong came out of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth.

The Dharma Saint first cupped his hands at the five old-timers. "Sirs, there's no need for us to fight among ourselves. Our enemies are the Celestial Tranquility Department, Gu Chensha, and Gu Tiansha."