Chapter 866
===========

One Second Remember 09, providing you with exciting reading. Chapter 863: The Twelve Lords

Translator: Larbre Studio Editor: Larbre Studio Gu Chensha did not dare to let his guard down when he entered the ruins of the prehistoric civilization. He had cultivated to the Divergent level, condensed the incomplete Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique, devoured the Endless Heart, and perfected the Endless 36 Treasures. He had also devoured the Prehistoric Dragon Gate and the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman.

However, the savagery of the prehistoric civilization was far above that of the three great divine artifacts.

For example, the Prehistoric Dragon Gate, the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, and the Hong Meng Tree were merely the pinnacle of the Boundless Thousand Worlds. They were powerhouses at the pinnacle of the Divine Primordial Realm.

However, the ruins of the prehistoric civilization should have been comparable to the Heavenly Realm in the previous civilization.

In other words, at its peak, the battleship that Gu Chensha had entered would have been as powerful as the Endless World, or even more powerful.

Now that the battleship had been severely damaged, its power was not even one ten-thousandth of what it had been before. Otherwise, the current Gu Chensha would not have been able to enter it, unless he became a Celestial Master.

The ruins of the prehistoric civilization were filled with danger, but if one obtained something, the harvest would be huge. Gu Chensha had obtained 360 Celestial Master Puppets and understood how the prehistoric civilization created Celestial Master Puppets, allowing his cultivation to improve once again. Now, he was salivating at the sight of this white-robed young man.

The white-robed young man in front of him was one of the supreme leaders of the prehistoric civilization. The mark he had left behind was slowly accumulating power in an attempt to be completely resurrected. This mark of this person contained extremely rich knowledge, possibly more than the knowledge that Gu Chensha had accumulated in his lifetime. In the prehistoric civilization, there were billions of humans. These humans had gone through billions of years of thinking and experimenting, and finally condensed the battleship in front of him. As one of the supreme leaders of the battleship, Gu Chensha had to capture this mark, refine it, and make it his own knowledge.

"Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique, Dragonless Heaven and Earth."

Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra gathered together, wrapping around the white-robed young man in the blink of an eye, contracting inward, breaking down, obliterating, crushing.

In our eyes, your cultivation civilization, or perhaps the immortal dao civilization, is too weak. Perhaps you have a lot of potential, but you lack the time to grow. Of course, this is our chance. We'll devour you and take your legacy. We'll be able to analyze your structure and thoughts, as well as your spirit and heart.

From your body, I can feel that there are many wonderful things in your mind. If I obtain you, I will be able to come back to life quickly. Remember, my name is' Master Dan '. In this warship, including me, there are a total of 12 masters. "

The white-robed young man looked as if he had breathed in fresh air. It was as if Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra did not have any destructive power, but instead gave him the best nourishment.

The scepter in his hand swayed slightly, and many holy humans the size of mosquitoes appeared. These humans had light and wings, and they chanted holy hymns. These hymns intertwined with the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and actually produced a power that swallowed and spat each other.

Then, the Codex in his other hand unfolded. There were no legal stripes on the Codex, but it was a piece of white paper. However, on this white paper, the Dragonless Heart Sutra began to be copied.

The white-robed young man called 'Master Dan' was absorbing the knowledge of Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra to evolve himself.

In that instant, the body of the 'Master Dan' young man became clearer. He had already absorbed the remnant of Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra, and gained a lot of knowledge from it. This made him feel as if he was breaking free from some mysterious curse and destruction.

"Wonderful, wonderful …" The white-robed young man's body became clearer, and he was very happy. "Is this the highest crystallization of the cultivation civilization?

There are many blind spots that our civilization has not thought about. Not bad, not bad. I've obtained your knowledge, and I'll reward you. You can become my puppet. "

The Codex in his hand opened, and slowly, it covered the sky and the earth, as if it was going to suck Gu Chensha in and make him a page in the Codex.

Gu Chensha was not surprised at all. Watching the 'Master Dan' young man absorb the knowledge of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, a smile appeared on his face. "Knowledge and civilization are meant to be spread. You've absorbed my knowledge, and I'm happy to enjoy it. However, while you're absorbing my knowledge and thinking about my Dragonless Heart Sutra, you'll also use your knowledge to make deductions. This way, your knowledge and experience will enrich the Dragonless Heart Sutra, allowing me to obtain your knowledge as well. I'm afraid you don't understand this. Although you're the highest leader of the prehistoric technological and mechanical civilization, the ultimate secret of civilization is to spread and share. You've both made a mistake on this point. In the future, my Dragonless Heart Sutra can be cultivated by everyone, even you. Any living creature in the world will become stronger, and it will naturally expand the Heavenly Way, causing the limited Heavenly Way to become limitless."

As Gu Chensha spoke, the Dragonless Heart Sutra suddenly expanded, and many chapters on battleships, technology, and manufacturing appeared within it.

In the battle with the 'Master Dan' young man, Gu Chensha had actually gradually grasped his knowledge, allowing his Dragonless Heart Sutra to incorporate the true core content of the prehistoric technological and mechanical civilization.

Although the Immortal Master had obtained the power and knowledge of the prehistoric civilization, this knowledge was merely superficial to the 'Master Dan' young man.

The most powerful aspect of the prehistoric civilization was to create Celestial Venerable, Heavenly Longevity, and even Heavenly Primordial realm puppets. They could tear through the endless space, penetrate into the depths of the Heavenly Way's rules, break through all restraints, and create the deepest level of freedom and liberation. These things were impossible for the Immortal Master.

To the entire prehistoric civilization, the Immortal Master was nothing more than a chess piece and puppet.

But what Gu Chensha had obtained from the 'Master Dan' young man was indeed the true essence of the prehistoric technological and mechanical civilization. This essence involved manufacturing, rules, and the study of the Heavenly Way, as well as all sorts of knowledge that resisted the Heavenly Way, replaced the Heavenly Way, and attempted to transcend.

In an instant, Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra skyrocketed, and as he counterattacked, a wisp of the Celestial Venerable aura emerged from his body.

He did not immediately ascend to the Celestial Venerable level, but instead condensed a wisp of the Celestial Venerable aura. But it was this change that greatly increased his battle prowess.

"Wherever dragons go, everything will be converted."

Gu Chensha's body also dispersed, and his entire body merged into the Dragonless Heart Sutra. He himself was a text, and two civilizations. The immortal dao cultivation civilization, the technological and mechanical civilization.

The two civilizations were fused together by his Dragonless Heart Sutra, complementing each other. In an instant, his killing power increased tenfold. Crack! The Dragonless Heart Sutra twisted.

The scepter and code in the 'Master Dan' young man's hands immediately shattered, and merged into the Dragonless Heart Sutra. What? Of course, the 'Master Dan' young man's true form was in grave danger.

It was at this moment that another white-robed old man appeared. This old man also held a scepter in his hand and a book of laws in his hand.

However, the 'Master Dan' young man's' scepter and code were bronze, whereas this old man's were black iron.

"Sovereign, you've appeared as well." "Sovereign." The white-robed youth said to the white-robed elder. This old man was known as the Lord God.

Gu Chensha had learned that in the ruins of the prehistoric civilization, there had once been twelve magisters. Their names, or perhaps their code names, all had the surname 'Master'. Now, there were two of them, the 'Master Dan' and the 'Lord God'. There were definitely ten more of them.

The twelve magisters had established a council, and had control over the core of the battleship, which was the System of the One God.

In some ways, the twelve magisters were like the Nine Heavenly Kings of the future Heavenly Court, with the System of the One God being the Emperor Heaven. And this battleship was the true form of the future Heavenly Court.

However, in terms of fighting prowess, the battleship surpassed the future Heavenly Court, and could even pose a threat to the dao of heaven.

"I can't believe you dared to capture my representative!"

The white-robed old man called the Lord God said, waving his scepter and code to block Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra. The representative he was referring to was none other than the immortal lord.

Even as Gu Chensha fought the immortal lord, the immortal lord unleashed the power of the Ancient Civilization's systems, and the white-robed old man appeared, which was none other than the Lord God.

"Two of you?

Even better, you have a bit of knowledge. I just acquired the Master Dan's knowledge, but that's only a small part. If I took all of the knowledge of the twelve magisters, it would only be a third of your technological civilization. The true knowledge is stored in the System of the One God. "By this point, Gu Chensha was nowhere to be seen, as if he were a beautiful piece of writing. Civilization spread across the world.

At this moment, Gu Chensha was the embodiment of knowledge. His knowledge contained two civilizations, and anyone could learn from it. His knowledge represented the truth, true wisdom, and transcendence. Like a wave, like a tide, it was irreversible.

At that moment, the two leaders of the Ancient Civilization, Lord God and Lord God, felt a huge impact.

"How is this person so strong?

He isn't even an Empyrean. He is just at the Dao Realm 36 Transformations. We can easily create something at that level. Creating an Empyrean might be a little troublesome, but it is just a matter of time and resources. "

Lord God and Lord God retreated. If their marks were devoured, they would never be able to revive, and they might even lose all traces of their existence.

"We can't leave." Gu Chensha's voice spread out from the book of knowledge, "If you want to leave, you are too naive." Mobile users, please go to M. Read for a better reading experience.