Chapter 508
===========

"To be able to make a 23 Transformation Past Reflection expert afraid to such a degree, that Celestial Lord is really strong. Moreover, in Hong Wending's memory, that Celestial Lord is just a name and the back view of a girl. He doesn't even have a face. It is obvious that a supreme technique has covered his memory such that even I can't see it clearly. This girl is really indiscernible." Gu Chensha kept silent for a while. Hong Wending was prepared to die and didn't hope that Gu Chensha would let him off.

What he didn't expect was for Gu Chensha to speak after a long while, "Since that is the case, then I won't make things difficult for you. Go do what you need to do." "You are actually willing to let me off?" Hong Wending was really shocked.

"Our Calming Celestial Department rewards and punishes clearly. Although you are a spy sent by the Celestial Lord, you have followed us for so long and have done many things. To date, you haven't done anything bad, so why should I kill you?"

Gu Chensha waved his hands, "The reason why I dealt with Wang Qingzhu, Meng Yinyun, and Ba Jufeng is because the three of them have high statuses in the second and third grade sects. Their cultivation is really deep and they can hide their power. To unify the Celestial Dao Alliance, we can only use them as an example. Only then will many sects surrender and it will be beneficial to the big picture.

There is no benefit in killing you and instead, we will offend that mysterious Celestial Lord. What is the point?

You are a talent and so what if you are not tired? Now you have value. My Calming Celestial Department accepts all talents. As long as you are talented, we will take you in.

Moreover, I have created this small God Continent and its foundations are shallow. I need experts like you to manage it.

It is really simple. As long as you don't cause trouble, you will be rewarded for your contributions and punished for causing trouble. "

"Calming Celestial Department really has clear rules. I am impressed." Only then did Hong Wending calm down.

"Since that is the case, then go." Gu Chensha waved his hands.

Hong Wending bowed deeply and left the Cang Biochemical Dragon Tower to manage this small God Continent.

"If a 23 Transformation expert is used to manage and build things, he can have huge profits. How many people can he feed?

It is just such a waste to just fight and kill. "Gu Chensha looked at Hong Wending's back view and naturally, he had his own plans.

The true meaning of his Common People Mending Heaven Technique was that if the Heavenly Dao was lacking, common people would mend it.

From his point of view, after the cultivation of magical arts became powerful, the main goal was naturally longevity, followed by construction and making up for the deficiencies.

Instead of fighting and slaughtering, making a name for oneself, now, many immortal dao mysterious sects' thoughts and ideals were already distorted, the goal of cultivation was to defeat opponents, kill enemies.

He looked out. In the Small Divine Land with a circumference of hundreds of thousands of miles, even the tiny grains of sand, the fish in the water, the worms in the fish's stomach, and the tiny wriggling of flesh and blood, all appeared in his Ocean of Consciousness easily. Pfft!

There was a Dao Realm Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body Sect Leader who used his Xiantian Gang Qi to cut down the reefs on the sea outside of the Small Divine Province. Then, he carved a formation and piled them up from the sea, creating a fishing ground that was about ten miles wide. Then, he flew into the distant sea and used his Xiantian Gang Qi to form a huge net. He caught many Broken Bone Fish and fed them in his fishing ground. Then, he sat down and started chanting. The scripture he was chanting was naturally the "Great People's Salvation Scripture."

This scripture was mixed by Gu Chensha. Not only could it open up the intelligence of the living beings in the sea, but it could also open up one's intelligence, strengthen one's mind, and strengthen one's foundations.

After all, he used the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture, Common People Mending Heaven Technique, Common People Heaven Reforming Technique, Universal Salvation Scripture, Ten Thousand Monster Human Transformation Scripture as a unified cultivation technique. It was suitable for the 1,852 Celestial Path Sect Leaders to cultivate in.

Gu Chensha remembered that this Dao Realm Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body Sect Leader created a sect called Ding Ping Sect. The sect was really small and there were less than 1,000 service disciples. This could be considered a fifth or sixth grade sect. Of course, there were many such sects in the Celestial Path.

Once the Dao Realm Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body was cultivated, one's lifespan would be 200 to 300 years. One could totally establish a sect and build a small sect.

The Ding Ping Sect's Sect Leader worked diligently. First, he built the fishery and caught the Broken Bone Fish. Then, he chanted the scripture, causing the Broken Bone Fish to have a bit of intelligence. At least, they listened to him and gave him some orders.

Many Broken Bone Fish dived into the deep sea. After several hours, they actually caught a monkey with white hair all over its body like a zombie. It had no flesh or blood, only bones, and was only half the height of an ordinary person.

"Sea monkey?"

Gu Chensha recognized it. This sea monkey was a sea animal that was similar to an ape. It was a ferocious overlord in the deep sea. It had sharp teeth and moved like the wind. Its claws could easily crush hard reefs. Even a Nine Transformations Cultivator would find it hard to catch it in the deep sea. However, it couldn't handle a school of Broken Bone Fish.

After the Ding Ping Sect's Sect Leader obtained this sea monkey, he first healed its injuries. Then, he brainwashed it with scriptures and taught it the path of Qi Refinement cultivation and martial arts, making it stronger.

Then, he let the sea monkey into the sea. About a day later, the sea monkey actually brought dozens of similar sea monkeys ashore.

"Quite methodical."

Gu Chensha looked at his operation and nodded. Now, there were only 1,852 people in this small China. Compared to the continent on the sea that spanned dozens of miles, it was a pitiful number.

Of course, the construction ability that erupted from these 1,852 people was probably something that even a few billion commoners couldn't compare to, and it was entirely capable of building up the Tiny Divine Prefecture to a flourishing state.

In fact, there was no need for so many people. Even a cultivator who had cultivated to the Twenty Transformations, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence Realm would have no problem building this continent on the sea.

Back then, six thousand-year-old bone demons were only equivalent to a Seven or Eight Transformations Cultivator. Building in the wilderness was equivalent to a million civilians or even more.

Moreover, there were some things that no matter how many civilians there were, they couldn't do it. For example, building on the sea was something only Xiantian Earth Energy could do. The moment the civilians entered the water, they would be swept away. No matter how many people there were, they would have to sacrifice their lives.

As for mining and moving stones, the efficiency of civilians was really low and it was inevitable that there would be deaths. They even had to use large machines. If experts above Seven Transformations Dao Realm did it, their Xiantian Earth Energy would form into a giant hand and they would be able to do it easily.

For example, Gu Chensha built a road from his fief to the Chaotic World Demonic Ape God, which was basically impossible for ordinary people. The road was full of barren mountains and rivers, miasma and poisonous insects. The ordinary people had to eat, drink and relieve themselves. They had to open a road in the mountains and build a bridge in the rivers.

"Normal people are too weak. Even those at Five Transformations Dao Realm can only use the power of their flesh and blood.

Although they have cultivated Xiantian Earth Energy at Six Transformations Dao Realm, it is just pure killing power. Only at Seven Transformations Dao Realm can one fly and turn into all sorts of forms. "

Gu Chensha saw another Sect Leader. His cultivation was really strong and he reached Twenty Transformations Impermanence. He was also in charge of building. It was much simpler for him. He used his soul power and entered the deep sea. He opened up ores and formed a formation. He gathered the living beings in the ocean and used scriptures to forcefully convert them. In just a short while, all the living beings in the ocean listened to his scriptures and gained intelligence. They prayed in the ocean and Wish Power gathered and reached the center of the small God Continent.

Another month passed and the entire God Continent was being constructed. Numerous living beings in the ocean were educated by the scriptures and they gave birth to Wish Power.

The altar in the Dragon Tower opened up the path to the Common People's Wish Ball and injected Wish Power into it.

At that time, the energy of the Common People's Wish Ball started to balance out and they were even earning.

One after another, experts from the Immortal Dao Sects received the summons and came to this Little Divine Prefecture to build together.

However, there weren't many of them. Those who could rush over in a month were at least Golden Core experts.

Gu Chensha didn't mind. He put many of his ideas for construction and operation into the small God Continent. In addition, his avatar followed Qin Han to operate in the Sin Province and built the Human Dragon Guild. His experience was constantly transmitted over.

These comprehensions made him more and more aware of the operation of the entire God Continent. Vaguely, his spiritual consciousness grew and was about to break through the secret of time and reach the Twenty Three Transformations "Past Reflection".

His breakthrough was definitely different from that of ordinary cultivators. Every time he advanced a realm, the power of his spells would be greater.

Especially between the Twenty Transformations and the Twenty Three Transformations, it was another important juncture for cultivators. Even those born with the potential to become Saints would be stuck at this juncture for a long time.

Building the small God Continent and assisting the Human Dragon Guild were extremely important to Gu Chensha. He gained a lot.

While building the small God Continent, he was also waiting for the appearance of the Peerless Heavenly Tome. The operation of the small God Continent was already on the right track. There were thousands of cultivators in this place, and there were already many formations in operation. In particular, the Common People's Wish Ball provided a stable power of vow.

In this month, all the cultivator sect leaders had cultivated the Great People's Enlightenment Scripture and found that their cultivation was rising steadily. They broke through many bottlenecks that couldn't be broken through. And because of the authority of Gu Chensha, Jin Suibo began to conduct military-style training for these cultivator sect leaders. In the Common People's Wish Ball.

Zhuge Ya saw the image of the overseas small God Continent appear on the top of the ball. Many vow power of vow gathered and poured into the depths of the ball, nourishing it and making its power more and more pure. The speed at which the Wish Tree absorbed the "Three Realms Seal", "Little Thunderclap Temple", "Little Muni Pagoda", and "Maha Ring" increased.

"King is really a genius and has comprehended some secrets of the God Continent. The small God Continent overseas and the true Central Plains God Continent are resonating with one another and have many similarities.

The Xing Qiong Family's God Continent Great Technique comprehended the secrets of how the God Continent worked. King is also talented in this aspect. "

Zhuge Ya knew that although the overseas small God Continent was just starting to be built, it had huge potential. Just the Wish Power from the sea creatures after they were enlightened would be huge. In the future, it would snowball and form a huge fortune. It would even exceed the operations of the Common People's College. Although there were many humans now, compared to the sea creatures, it was like a drop in the ocean.

"Absorb all of it!" Zhuge Ya sped up the absorption of the Wish Tree.