Chapter 442
===========

"Cultivation is your own business. Even if you're the son of three celestial sovereigns, you have to understand this. Otherwise, you won't have any accomplishments. Look at the Celestial Talisman's sons. Why aren't any of them as accomplished as you?

Is it because the Celestial Talisman isn't as good as the three celestial sovereigns? "Jing Qiu seemed to be giving Dou Nineteen some pointers.

"This Jing Qiu really is amazing. He's actually trying to brainwash and control Dou Nineteen, creating a kind of subconscious control over his mind. But what this guy says is also true. It's a bit amazing. I even know how to refine puppets.

It seems that controlling an empire and maintaining order really is the greatest cultivation in the world. The power of order runs through heaven and earth. Even if there's a moment of chaos, things will eventually return to the right path. Order is the ultimate manifestation of the dao. Divergents just destroy the old order and establish their own. " Gu Chensha seemed to have gained some enlightenment.

"Hahahaha, Jing Qiu, are you giving me pointers?"

Dou Nineteen laughed. "Come to think of it, you're still my junior. I've lived for hundreds of years, while you've only lived for a hundred or so. Back when I was dominating the immortal dao, you were just a junior." "There's a seniority in understanding the dao."

Jing Qiu didn't mince words. "Dou Nineteen, I don't have any backers, and I was born an ordinary member of the Jing Clan. But I cultivated to my current level in a hundred years. If we fought, you might have many trump cards, but I'd still be able to kill you. Do you believe me?" "Jing Qiu, you really don't mince words."

Killing intent appeared on Dou Nineteen's face. "Do you know what the consequences of offending me are?

Your Sama Holy Empire may seem powerful, but it's just a game played by ordinary people. Among the mystical sects of the Immortal Dao, those empires are dozens of times larger than your empire, or even hundreds of times larger. This kind of game is good, but it has nothing to do with cultivation. You should know what kind of powerful existence is standing behind me. " "You're wrong."

Jing Qiu shot down Dou Nineteen's words. "I'm far more important to the three celestial sovereigns than you. If they had to choose, they'd definitely choose me, not you. A Divergent is far more powerful than a natural-born saint. "

"Jing Qiu, you are really too arrogant. You seem to have launched a coup and wanted to overthrow the Eternal Dynasty. You were also this arrogant before, but a small Calming Immortal Department destroyed you, causing your plan to fail at the last step. Also, you have not become an anomaly yet.

In fact, you're not even a natural born saint. There are plenty of people like you among my subordinates. "Dou Nineteen calmed down.

"The Calming Immortal Department is no small fry. It's very likely that they'll be the chosen of the heavens in the future. The Lord of Seven Stars is no small fry, either. If you don't believe me, you can go and ask the three celestial sovereigns how important I am. Jing Qiu always had an aggressive aura. Gu Chensha could feel the sharpness now. Jing Qiu was always overbearing, and Gu Chensha could sense it.

Gu Chensha thought to himself, "If I kill this person and seize control of the Sama Empire, then reorganize the empire and successfully transform it, there will be no need for God. Everyone will be independent and self-reliant. They will gain wisdom and establish a new order. If I succeed, I will be able to achieve great things and gain enlightenment. But this Jing Qiu is even more frightening than Dou Nineteen. I'm far from being a match for him. "

Dou Nineteen's power was at the twenty-fifth transformation. Jing Qiu, on the other hand, had completely fused with the Myrtle Imperial Star's profound mysteries. He had absorbed the faith power of the Sama Empire's citizens and absorbed it into himself.

In fact, he might even break through to the twenty-seventh transformation, Seamless Two, and tear open space itself.

With Gu Chensha's current strength, there was no way he could fight back. In fact, he might even be killed.

So, he didn't dare to act rashly. All he could hope for was for Jing Qiu and Dou Nineteen to fight, and both of them were injured. That would be great. But the two before him were both wily old foxes. It would be difficult for them to fight.

"Jing Qiu, you do have some tricks up your sleeve, but I need to observe you further to see if you can become a Divergent.

As for the matter of us cultivating the Great Emperor's Heavenly Armament together, I'll have to think about it. Farewell! "

Dou Nineteen observed for a long time. Realizing that he couldn't gain any advantage, he turned and left.

"Patriarch, this person is the son of the Victorious Fighter Celestial. He has a lot of resources. We can cooperate with him and borrow his power to increase the power of our Sama Holy Empire." Jing Fanxing coughed twice, looking very weak.

"Feel your body's weakness. It's a valuable experience," Jing Qiu said.

Jing Qiu said, "Dou Nineteen is a typical good-for-nothing. He has caused countless troubles in the Celestial Dao, causing many experts of the Celestial Dao to hate the three Celestial Venerables. He is a hindrance, but he has many good treasures on him that can help you recover your strength. However, this kind of recovery is useless. You have to comprehend the realm yourself." "The Dao of Divergents is almost impossible for me to comprehend."

Jing Fanxing was a bit disheartened. He knew that he was far from being a match for Jing Qiu. If even Jing Qiu couldn't comprehend it, then there was no way he could.

"To tell the truth, it's impossible for you to comprehend Divergents in three years. But great changes might happen in that time, and you can rise to prominence. Your destiny hasn't dissipated yet, so you'll definitely be someone important in the future."

Jing Qiu said, "You've been compiling books for the empire, educating the populace, and manipulating politics. You've gained a bit of prestige.

I'm going into seclusion to break through to the twenty-seventh transformation, so you'll have to take care of things on your own. " With that, Jing Qiu vanished.

After a while, Dou Nineteen reappeared and looked at Jing Fanxing. "Whatever Jing Qiu wants you to comprehend, it's all fake. In your current state, you could die at any moment, but it's still very useful to me. I'll reforge you once more. This is a Dragonmaking Pill!

It can help you recover your talent and become an unparalleled genius. Gu Tanjian has this pill, and so do I. "

He flicked a pill into Jing Fanxing's body. Immediately, Jing Fanxing was filled with energy, and he wasn't as dispirited as before.

"This is a heaven-defying Life Seizing Pill."

Dou Nineteen flicked it again. "It can increase a mortal's lifespan, replenishing the hundreds of years you lost. This pill can increase the lifespan of experts below Golden Core, but it's useless for Golden Core cultivators. It's perfect for you. If you consume it normally, your lifespan will increase by 300 to 500 years. " After Jing Fanxing consumed it, a strong aura spread out.

Then, Dou Nineteen slapped it, and an extremely strong power entered Jing Fanxing's body. In an instant, Jing Fanxing broke through to the Dao Realm, and then the first transformation, the second transformation, the third transformation … He reached the eighth transformation of the Samadhi True Fire before stopping for a moment. But Dou Nineteen spat out another mouthful of essence energy.

In the blink of an eye, Jing Fanxing broke through the Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body and reached the Thirteen Transformation Demon Devouring Ghost Devouring Realm before he was stuck again.

"Alright," Dou Nineteen said. "Now that you've reached this level, you'll need to solidify your foundation. What I'm going to teach you is the Dragonmaking Heart Technique, which I've condensed on my own. As long as you work hard on it, you'll be able to recover your previous strength, and you'll even be able to break through and start all over again. My father obtained this technique from the Dragon Gate of the Antiquity Era. Jing Fanxing, if you join me, I'll teach you the real cultivation method. "

"I, Jing Fanxing, am willing to join the three Heaven Venerables and become Dou Nineteen's disciple." Jing Fanxing knelt down and took the chance.

"Good, good, very good."

Dou Nineteen pressed his hand on Jing Fanxing's head. "I'll teach you the foundation, the Dragon Raising Heart Technique. Using this to cultivate can make up for your foundation. After that, help me do some things and I'll teach you the real Dragon Making Heart Technique."

"Tell Wen Hong that the Primordial Dragon Sect has the Dragon Raising Heart Technique, the Dragon Making Heart Technique, and the Saint Dragon Heart Technique."

Gu Chensha saw this scene and was shocked. "I obtained some of the Dragon Raising Heart Technique, but it's not complete. Even if someone cultivated it, that person would only be able to cultivate it for tens of years and would only be of superior talent. They wouldn't be able to break through to the genius realm. I didn't expect the three Heaven Venerables to have the complete Dragon Raising Heart Technique and the Dragon Making Heart Technique."

If the Primordial Dragon Sect's Dragon Raising Heart Technique was complete, it would be able to seize the power of heaven and earth. Even an idiot could become a genius by cultivating it. The Dragon Making Heart Technique was even more amazing, it could make one an unparalleled genius. As for the Saint Dragon Heart Technique, it could change one's talent to become a natural saint. These three heart techniques were as famous as the Son of Heaven God Sealing Art.

However, since ancient times, the Saint Dragon Heart Technique had never appeared, and the Dragon Making Heart Technique had never appeared. Only the Dragon Raising Heart Technique had appeared. The Primordial Dragon Sect and the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman were treasures of the same level.

"Good stuff, good stuff. Dou Nineteen actually knows the complete Dragon Raising Heart Technique and Dragon Making Heart Technique. I must obtain this. However, he definitely wouldn't be so kind as to impart it to Jing Fanxing just like that. There must be many secrets hidden within."

At this point, Gu Chensha was desperate to capture Dou Nineteen and force him to hand over the cultivation technique.

The Dragon Raising Heart Technique and Dragon Making Heart Technique were useless to him, but they could be used as resources. Furthermore, if they were given to his subordinates to cultivate, they would definitely be able to achieve great things.

Basically, the various sects did not have such a supreme cultivation technique. Not to mention anything else, if any immortal dao sect obtained the Dragon Raising Heart Technique, their strength would increase by tens of times within a few hundred years. It was the same for the Calm Immortal Bureau. Of course, it would be best if they could obtain the Dragon Making Heart Technique.