Chapter 148
===========

After placing the Dragon Transformation Tower into the depths of his dantian, Gu Chensha's combat strength increased at a terrifying rate. Especially with the tower's ability to absorb Xiantian energy, he was pretty much invincible against experts below the 11th Transformation.

Thinking about it, no matter how they attacked you, they were increasing your cultivation and increasing the Dragon Transformation Tower's essence energy.

As expected from the Chaotic World Demon Ape God Temple's 100 years of hard work. It was also refined with the power of the evil god.

After the Sun Moon Dragon Fire refined the evil god power, the tower would truly belong to Gu Chensha.

More importantly, his Sun-Moon Dragon technique was compatible with the Dragon Raising Cultivation Technique, and it had the effect of nurturing the Dragon Transformation Pagoda.

Now that the Dragon Transformation Tower was in his dantian, it was being refined by spiritual energy and the Sun Moon Dragon Blood. Sooner or later, it would become more mysterious.

At the same time, he had a deep comprehension of the Sun Moon Dragon Technique and also had a clear understanding of the Clumsy Fist.

With the three treasures, King Dragon Armor, Demon Destroyer, and Dragon Transformation Tower working together, he would be able to fight experts. At least Yi Ming wasn't his match.

"The power of treasures is really terrifying. I am just at the third transformation and with these three treasures, I can fight experts above the ninth transformation."

Gu Chensha checked the three treasures. They were all connected to his heart and blood, so they couldn't be considered treasures. They were more like his organs.

If his cultivation improved and he cultivated the Sun Moon Dragon Technique to the extreme, he would be able to merge the three treasures into his body and become a part of it. That would break away from the realm of treasures.

This was also where Lei Tianhui miscalculated. He thought that Gu Chensha's sword and armor were made by someone else, so he wouldn't be able to use them as he wished.

"Master, Fairy Luo Wu has already brought a few true inheritors from the immortal dao sects over. They are now guests at the residence. Do you want to accompany them?" Yi Ming came because of this matter.

"Oh? Bring me out? "

When Gu Chensha heard about this, he didn't dare to take it lightly. Since the core disciples were here, he had to at least show respect. If not, he wouldn't be able to rope them in and they might even become enemies in the future. He immediately went downstairs, passed through several gardens and halls, and came to the main hall.

From afar, he could see three women and two men. One of the women was dressed in flowing sleeves and was none other than Luo Wu. As for the other two men and two women, they were also extremely beautiful. It was very rare to see such characters in the world.

Anyone who saw these people would know that they were not from the mortal world. There were many talents in the imperial court, and the candidates for the imperial examinations were not ordinary. However, compared to these true disciples of the Immortal Dao, the difference was like comparing a fish's eye to a pearl.

This was also why Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor wanted to stop the immortal dao from plundering the common people.

If the geniuses of the common people were all recruited by the immortal dao sects, what would the imperial court do?

"You've all come from afar. I was in seclusion, so I wasn't able to welcome you. Please forgive me." Gu Chensha spoke from afar.

Seeing him rushing over, the two men and two women sat motionlessly and chatted among themselves, looking rather condescending.

Luo Wu stood up and introduced, "Your Highness, these are my four friends. Yinxuan of the Profound Sky Sound Gate, Mu Yexiao of the Profound Thousand Gate, Huangfu Fengyun of the Profound Heart Gate, and Bao Ming 'er of the Profound Treasures Gate. This is Royal Prince Chen, the nineteenth prince of Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. "

Hearing this introduction, the two men and two women finally looked at Gu Chensha. One of the women in light blue immortal robes said, "So it's Royal Prince Chen. Greetings." Even though they said it was greeting, they still sat upright.

"We wouldn't dare."

Gu Chensha didn't feel offended at all. "It's my great honor that you could come to my humble place. I'm afraid that I might not be a good host and neglect you. Yi Ming, I'll give you a gift as a token of my respect. " With a wave of his hand, Yi Ming brought out four gourds. Each gourd contained several purple pills.

"These are Purple Blood Life Rejuvenation Pills. The gifts are simple and unpresentable."

When the two men and two women saw Gu Chensha being so courteous and smiling, they looked at each other and felt that it wasn't good to continue putting on airs. After all, one shouldn't hit a smiling person with a fist. It wasn't strange to be too polite.

"The Purple Blood Life Rejuvenation Pill is also a healing medicine. It's very difficult to refine and requires all kinds of rare materials. One cauldron can only be formed after tens of years of cultivation. One more pill is equivalent to one more life. It's not a simple gift. "

A young man dressed in a yellow robe, with palms that were faintly golden in color, and didn't look like a mortal, waved his hand, and the four gourds of pills disappeared. "Then we won't stand on ceremony. We'll accept your gifts." "This person actually has a grotto-heaven level magic treasure." Gu Chensha noticed some clues.

Up until now, he had seen three grotto-heaven level magic treasures. One was the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, another was the Great Spirit God Ring, and the jade bracelet on Lou Baiyue's hand. Other than these, it wasn't even the Dragonization Tower. The Dragonization Tower could only expand and shrink, but it didn't have a space of its own inside. Luo Wu didn't even have one.

From this, it could be seen that grotto-heaven level magic treasures were rare even for orthodox immortal dao disciples.

He also remembered Luo Wu's introduction. This man was Mu Yexiao of the Great Thousand Mysteries Sect. He was the strongest among them and was famous among many immortal dao disciples. These immortal dao disciples were high up and had the aura of 'arrogant scholars'.

Gu Chensha had been educated by the imperial family since he was young. There was a course on how to be courteous to the virtuous, which taught how to recruit these arrogant scholars.

Since ancient times, there were many records of emperors, generals, and ministers recruiting these 'mutants'.

In the past, there had also been cases of powerless emperors using trickery to make immortal cultivators wholeheartedly work for them.

Gu Chensha treated people with sincerity and was broad-minded. Moreover, he had cultivated the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art for a long time and had gradually developed a bearing. After a few words, these immortal dao disciples looked at him in a different light. In the eyes of the immortal dao disciples, he was just a minor noble prince.

"Great Emperor Heavenly Talisman has issued a decree for Monarch Chen to recruit immortal dao sects," said Luo Wu.

Luo Wu replied, "The situation has changed. The imperial court is flourishing, and if we can work for the imperial court, we will be able to obtain many benefits. For example, if we make contributions, we can request for rewards from the imperial court. A few days ago, Princess Yuefu wrote a memorial stating that if an immortal cultivator can obtain merits, they can exchange them for rewards. The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor has already agreed to it. The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor stated in the memorial that whatever the heavens can bestow, he can also bestow.

For example, not long ago, the great emperor promised the legalists a Hongmeng Tree fruit if they can conquer the Temple of Mahānata. "

"Hongmeng Tree fruit!" Even though the two men and women were more ambitious and knowledgeable, they were still shocked when they heard this.

Gu Chensha observed their expressions. When they heard about Great Emperor Heavenly Talisman, they looked rather helpless.

He knew that these people were actually very afraid of the court, but they couldn't bring themselves to cooperate with it.

"Father's banquet was really a warning to all the immortal dao sects." Gu Chensha tried to figure out what these people were thinking.

Back then, he had seen Great Emperor Heavenly Talisman casually tear through the void and sweep down countless immortals with a single grab. He had grabbed Elder Wangji, who was protected by layers of formations, from a mountain gate hundreds of millions of miles away.

The Crimson Firmament Mystic Sect was also a colossus. Countless talented immortals had been running it for tens of thousands of years, and there were as many experts as there were carps in the river. However, in front of Great Emperor Heavenly Talisman, they were like a bunch of immature children.

Luo Wu's words were clearly on his side, so he naturally didn't hesitate. "Immortals, I do have the authority to communicate with the court and the immortal dao. I have the authority to report directly to the court if anything happens. If you need anything for your cultivation, I can report it to the court." "Many thanks."

Mu Ye smiled and cupped his hands. "The court has ordered that our sects must obtain permission from the government to recruit disciples in the future. We also have to open branches in the secular world. Even if we do recruit disciples, they will have to leave the mountain and work for the court for several years after they finish their cultivation. We have to respect Great Emperor Heavenly Talisman's orders. There will be many opportunities for us to interact with him in the future.

"You flatter me."

Gu Chensha could hear the resentment in Mu Ye's words. If he was a cultivator of the immortal dao, he would also be angry at this order. "Imperial Father wants to exterminate all the evil gods. He has already sealed all the passages between the evil gods and the secular world. If you can contribute to the court, you will definitely have a share of the treasures in the evil god's kingdom." "This is a feast," Luo Wu said. "There will be danger, but there will also be opportunities."

"I heard that Great Emperor wants to destroy the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple?" A woman in a plain dress without a single piece of jewelry spoke up. She was Bao Ming 'er of the Myriad Treasures Mystical Gate.

The Myriad Treasures Mystical Gate definitely had a lot of treasures, but she didn't have any on her. Gu Chensha knew that this was the true power of the Myriad Treasures Mystical Gate.

"I'm not going to destroy it, I'm just going to attack it." Gu Chensha looked at the four of them. "Can you all lend me a hand?" "There are many experts in the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple, and Yuan Shasheng is unfathomable.

Other than that, there are a few demonic apes that have cultivated for thousands of years and are all stronger than us. It's impossible to take them down for now. "

Bao Ming 'er spoke the truth. "Moreover, I heard that some of the treasures in the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple have fallen into Great Emperor's hands …" "Why do you say that?" Gu Chensha was slightly shocked.

"For example, this mansion actually has a divine beast guarding it. It breathes in and out celestial energy, and with the combination of the earth veins, it will become a celestial realm over time."

Bao Ming 'er smiled faintly. "Those who can have a divine beast immortalized cave mansion are all Heaven Masters. Not to mention us, even the elders in the sect can't tame a divine beast. Only a few ancestors in the deepest part of the sect have this magical power. If I'm not wrong, this divine beast is the Black Tortoise.

I know that there is an ancient Black Tortoise egg in the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple, but it can't hatch. It seems like this is the egg. Great Emperor actually hatched it. There was something special about it. A newly hatched divine beast would be coveted by the leaders of both the Celestial and Demon Sects.

If not for the fact that you are a Great Emperor and have the backing of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, I'm afraid this place would have been razed to the ground by countless forces. "

Gu Chensha also knew the value of the divine beast, the Black Tortoise. If it was obtained by the Celestial Path cultivators, they would at most keep it as pets. If it was obtained by the Demon Path and Demon Path cultivators, they could absorb its soul and take over its body. They could even use all kinds of Demon Path secret techniques to cultivate an incarnation, a second primordial spirit, and greatly increase their cultivation. They could not do anything to an adult Black Tortoise.