Chapter 333
===========

"Go back to the court? To deal with second brother Gu Xuansha? "

Gu Chensha didn't want to get caught up in the court's battle. To him, there was no point in fighting and it was better to kill monsters here. One was to get rid of the hidden dangers of the world and the other was to raise his own strength. As long as he was strong enough, he could stabilize the situation in the court.

For example, Heaven Talisman Emperor had dominated the world for many years. Now that he was in secluded meditation, many Saint-level experts didn't dare to act arrogantly.

Gu Chensha had tasted the sweetness. After guarding the Demon Region for so long, he actually rose from 14 to 17 and even cultivated a treasure like the Ghost God Touch. How would he still have the mood to work in the court?

Gu Chensha wanted to cultivate the Golden Core of the Great Path in one go and he also wanted to cultivate the 20 transformations. At that time, his combat strength would probably be at its strongest.

The benefit of cultivating the 18 transformations was that one could live for 1,000 years. This was something that all cultivators dreamed of.

Normal experts would turn to dust in 100 years. In 1,000 years, one could experience the change of three dynasties. In history, most dynasties changed once every 300 years. But what Gu Chensha lacked now wasn't lifespan but combat strength.

He had to improve further and reach the 20 transformations. He had to merge his body, energy, and soul into one and turn them into spiritual power.

He had refined Ku Si and Ku Ding, so he was deeply aware of how mystical magic power was. If he could cultivate his magic power, he would be able to execute many techniques. For example, Sun Moon Annihilation, which could almost activate the supreme mysteries of heaven and earth, drawing in the tides of the sun and moon, and even killing the undying Demon Emperors. Unfortunately, Gu Chensha was three levels away from the 20 transformations. These three realms were each more difficult than the last.

For Gu Chensha to advance to the Golden Core of the Great Path was even harder than going from 9 to 17 transformations.

18 transformations was a huge realm where one's energy and soul turned into a golden core. Many experts couldn't pass this. Their souls and energy failed to form a core and they exploded to death.

When the Nascent Divinity Astral Energy formed a Core, it would release a huge amount of energy in an instant. That energy would go berserk, and it would be very difficult to control. If one couldn't control it, the Nascent Divinity would explode, and there would be no chance of survival.

Fortunately, Gu Chensha's own talent was already close to that of a born Saint, and he was almost guaranteed to succeed in cultivating the Jindan of the Great Path.

"Your Highness still has to go. If you show your face, you might get another opportunity. At this moment, fighting in the Demon Domain won't bring you much benefit. That Skeleton Ash is on guard. In addition, other Demon experts will also appear there. Maybe they are planning to deal with Your Highness."

Zhuge Ya analyzed, "Your Highness's best option now is to go back and deal with the Second Prince. I have a plan to get a lot of opportunities from the Second Prince. Behind the Second Prince are the three Celestial Venerables. He wants to seize power from Wu Dangkong. And Wu Dangkong had the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman with him. There are many things that we can use in this. "

"That Second Brother of mine is very ambitious, and his cultivation is also very high. He is not inferior to the Skeleton Demon Emperor," Gu Chensha said, "He will not be willing to be controlled by the three Celestial Venerables. He will definitely want to break free from their control. There are many things that we can use in this, and Second Brother might be thinking the same. "

"Your Highness understood immediately. This Touch of Ghost-God is being guarded by my Dharmic power incarnation, and Liu Yu and the other four are assisting. It is absolutely safe. Your Highness, go ahead. "

Zhuge Ya said, "I have one more thing to tell you, Your Highness. It is best to make a deal with the Second Prince and obtain a talisman from him. That talisman is called the Banishing Immortal Talisman. Legend has it that the three Celestial Venerables can demote Immortals and banish them to the mortal world."

Immortals were a very general concept. According to the ancient records, in the Primordial Era, any cultivator who cultivated to the Eighteen Transformations and Jindan of the Great Path could be called an immortal.

Even now, when the disciples of the 72 Mystical Sects of the Immortal Path cultivated to the Jindan, they would hold a banquet and invite the experts of many sects to eat and drink to promote their talents.

In the Primordial Era, the three Celestial Venerables were the existences that led the group of Immortals.

The Banishing Immortal Talisman was rumored to be used by the three Celestial Venerables to punish Immortals. As long as one talisman was used, the Immortal would be crippled and become an ordinary person.

For example, if Gu Chensha encountered this talisman and was hit by it, his Primordial Spirit would immediately dissipate, and his Gang Qi would also dissipate between heaven and earth. At the same time, his cultivation level would also be reduced, and he would be like six years ago, when he had not received the Heaven Sacrificial Decree.

Legend had it that in the Primordial Era, the three Celestial Venerables commanded the Immortal Path. Sometimes, if the Immortals below did not listen to their orders, they would be banished to the mortal world. This kind of humiliation was even more unbearable than being killed. Think about it, one had to go through a lot of hardships to cultivate to become an Immortal. In the end, one would be beaten into an ordinary person. That was really more unbearable than death.

"I'm afraid Second Brother will not exchange something like the Banishing Immortal Talisman with me." Gu Chensha pondered for a moment. "This talisman is probably his trump card."

"What I meant was that it would be best for Prince to obtain the profound meaning of this talisman. In fact, this talisman was comprehended by the three Celestial Venerables from the Immortal Slaying God Flying Saber.

This time, the three Celestial Venerables secretly nurtured the Second Prince for the Primordial Tree's fruit. His Majesty plucked the fruit from the Primordial Tree, and whoever swallowed it would obtain the Primordial Sacred Body. "

Zhuge Ya said, "In the Primordial Era, many human Sages joined forces and suffered heavy injuries. Only by chance did they obtain an unripe fruit and refine it into many pills.

The three Celestial Venerables' individual strength surpassed that of the Sages, but the three of them schemed against each other and were not united. It was also impossible to obtain a truly ripe Primordial Tree's fruit. " "The fruit that Father plucked was completely ripe?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Of course. The Primordial Tree is the creator of many worlds, and the creator of many dimensions. Its will is far beyond that of any living creature. It is one of the most powerful existences in the primordial chaos, even more so than the will of heaven and earth."

Zhuge Ya said, "Of course, the will of the world is very mysterious. It is the manifestation of the general principles of the Great Path. We don't know what form it takes or what kind of existence it is. Perhaps only the emperor knows."

"So you're saying that the three Celestial Venerables are no match for Father?" Gu Chensha calculated.

"Of course. If the three Celestial Venerables could do anything to His Majesty, they wouldn't be cowards."

Zhuge Ya's eyes shone with wisdom. "Don't worry, Your Majesty. As my cultivation base improves, I can understand many ancient secrets. I can even obtain the memories of the previous Lord of Seven Stars."

The previous Lord of Seven Stars was called Jiang Gongwang. He had assisted Gu Tianzi in killing the divine continent's most vicious Xingqiong clan, and had dealings with the three Celestial Venerables. Later, Jiang Gongwang perished. Supposedly, the three Celestial Venerables were involved. However, the first Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, had left behind a few tricks. As Zhuge Ya's cultivation base increased, he had also grasped a few secrets.

Three months ago, in Gu Chensha's fief, he had reached the Dao Realm Twenty Transformations. Gathering and dispersing were impermanent, and he had mastered magic power. Over the past three months, with the help of the Life's Will sphere, he had been able to circulate the five elements and break through to the twenty-first transformation. As his cultivation base grew more profound, he became omniscient and omniscient.

With his help, the affairs of the Calming Immortal Department became much more organized, and it gradually grew into a leviathan.

"If Mister Zhuge can obtain the memories of the previous Lord of Seven Star, we might be able to expel the will of the North Star Empire, or at least refine it. That way, we'll be able to truly refine the Common People's Wish sphere." Gu Chensha was filled with anticipation.

"More or less. Although the North Star Will is powerful, it's only a sliver of its will left. It doesn't even have a soul fragment, and its strength is less than one ten-thousandth of what it used to be," said Zhuge Ya. "Your Highness, you should go. Didn't you use Bao Ming'er to obtain three Dragon Creation Pills from Gu Tanjian last time? "

"I already understand what Sir Zhuge is trying to say. Fighting and killing in the Demon Realm is a form of cultivation, and fighting openly and covertly in the court is also a form of cultivation.

The Life Heaven Mending Art that I cultivate comes from the common people of the world, and the fate of the common people is mostly decided by the court. Therefore, the power struggles in the court are also greatly beneficial to the Life Heaven Mending Art. "Gu Chensha stretched his body.

"There's a saying that has been passed down since ancient times: cultivation in the government is the best.

If you want to benefit the common people, it's best to do it in the court. A good political opinion can save millions of lives.

Not to mention the Son of Heaven, who controls the universe, the whirlpool of fortune, and has a golden mouth. "

Zhuge Ya said with wisdom that could see through everything, "The situation in the court is already set. The Celestial Calmness Bureau, the Celestial Designer Department, the Crown Prince, Concubine Ming, Wu Dangkong, Gu Tanjian, the Celestial Designer Department, and the officials who are truly loyal to the court, such as the eight marquises and three dukes.

Now that Princess Yuefu is condensing the Life's Wish Sphere, she can't deal with the court, and the same goes for the Fourth Prince. The only one with status is Prince, so it's time to train your political wisdom. I think this is also the Emperor's arrangement. Conferring the title of Concubine Wu Dangkong as Concubine Ming will draw out the favor of the Heavenly Dao. Conferring the title of Crown Prince on the second prince will bind the three Heavenly Venerables to the court. Since the three Heavenly Venerables have spent a lot of effort to nurture the second prince, it would be inconvenient for them to nurture other existences that can topple the court. "

"Father's foresight is not something we can compare to." Gu Chensha nodded his head and roughly guessed what Heaven Talisman Emperor was thinking.

The two of them discussed for a while more. Zhuge Ya spoke of many of his thoughts, including how to form alliances in the court. Gu Chensha felt enlightened after hearing this.

Gu Chensha's body moved. Xiantian energy wrapped around him and he was already far away. In just a few breaths, he was thousands of miles away. His current strength had exceeded that of when he had Dragon Sect.

Back then, he was at Dao Realm 14 Transformations and had Dragon Sect and Buzhou Palace. There were 360 Heaven Mending Generals in the depths. At that time, his combat strength was shocking and he could casually kill 18 Great Dao Golden Core experts.

But now, he was even stronger. Although he didn't have Dragon Sect, Buzhou Palace, or Heaven Mending Generals, he had merged with the spacetime power of the Grotto-Heaven Ritual. He refined the Skeleton Demon Emperor and the Skeleton Demon Emperor. He also merged the mysteries of the Celestial Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife into his soul. He cultivated for three months and reached the peak of Dao Realm 17 Transformations, Dao Splitting Spirit.