Chapter 724
===========

"The Great Spirit God established his faith in Xian Province for generations. Therefore, for nearly ten thousand years, the people living in Xian Province were branded with The Great Spirit God's mark. These people lived in Xian Province and worshipped The Great Spirit God all their lives. After death, they became part of the land of Xian Province.

Over time, the entire land of Xian Province was carved, occupied, permeated, and devoured by The Great Spirit God's mark. " Gu Chensha and the Martial Saint observed Xian Province and discussed it.

"This method of The Great Spirit God is actually extremely profound and mysterious. His management method even surpasses that of the Dharma Saint. He wants to occupy Xian Province and possess it!

Making Xian Province his avatar is tantamount to possessing one-ninety-nine percent of the Divine Central Continent's power. This power is no small matter. He can then extend it and eventually occupy the entire Divine Central Continent. This method is somewhat similar to the Divine Central Continent's 100th layer.

However, the 100th layer is a series of other methods to occupy the Divine Central Continent, while The Great Spirit God's method is to penetrate the hearts of all living beings and then use their life and death to permeate the Divine Central Continent. It's a long process, but there's absolutely no risk. "

Gu Chensha had comprehended something. He discovered that after observing the Divine Central Continent with the Martial Saint, he had a deeper understanding of the Divine Central Continent.

In particular, when he came to Xian Province and discussed with the Martial Saint, he not only had a deep understanding of Xian Province and the mark left behind by The Great Spirit God, but he also understood the source of The Great Spirit God's hatred for Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor.

Originally, The Great Spirit God had operated in Xian Province for nearly ten thousand years. All the people of Xian Province had believed in him for generations. The local conditions, customs, and even living habits were deeply engraved with the mark of The Great Spirit God. Gradually, after ten thousand years, Xian Province and The Great Spirit God had almost become one. Some people had even been possessed by The Great Spirit God.

He had only ever seen someone possess a physical body. He had never seen someone possess a piece of land.

But in reality, seizing the body of any of the ninety-nine prefectures of the Central Divine Prefecture would not only allow the gods to gain immense power, but they could even become immortal.

The Divine Central Continent was completely different from other places. Since ancient times, it had not only been the center of the Land of Infinity, but it had also been the center of the space-time turbulence, the Ancient Chaos, and even the various planes and dimensions. Every inch of the land of the Divine Central Continent contained incredible power and power. If he could merge his body with the earth, he would obtain unimaginable benefits. Even the geomancy formations and burial techniques of the common folk were based on this principle.

If they were born in the Divine Central Continent and died there, given a decent burial, they might even preserve some of their spirituality and protect their families.

This was actually the reason why many foreign clans had wanted to invade the Central Divine Continent throughout the ages. The Kshetra Divine Weapon would definitely be coveted. Whoever could take over the Divine Land would reap great benefits.

The Great Spirit God might have been on the verge of successfully possessing Xian Prefecture, but the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor had appeared out of nowhere, disrupting his plans. His ten-thousand-year plan was completely ruined, and it happened at the most crucial moment. How could he not hate the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor?

During his travels, Gu Chensha had imparted to the Martial Saint the secrets of the Divine Land, the mysteries of the Buddhist Sect, his own martial arts comprehension, and even the series of secret cultivation techniques of the Celestial Tranquility Department. He had held nothing back.

The Martial Saint was a man of great merit to the human race, and he had maintained his original intentions. No matter what, he was a reliable ally. That was why Gu Chensha greatly admired such a person. He also hoped that the Martial Saint would be able to grasp more things and obtain more resources to advance.

Moreover, the Martial Saint's wisdom was extraordinary. He had practically created the martial path for the human race, and his comprehension of the basics of martial arts had far surpassed that of Gu Chensha. As he discussed the Dao and martial arts with the Martial Saint along the way, Gu Chensha had also reaped many benefits.

The two of them traveled around Xian Prefecture, watching the people of Xian Prefecture practice martial arts, study, manufacture, reclamation, farming, and business. They were all very enthusiastic.

Originally, every household in Xian Prefecture worshipped the Great Spirit God, and there were large temples dedicated to The Great Spirit God every few kilometers. During the New Year and other festivals, temple fairs would be held in the temples, and big plays would be sung in praise of The Great Spirit God. Basically, many of the martial arts of the aristocratic families were also many of the moves imparted by The Great Spirit God.

But in recent decades, the Celestial Tranquility Department had sent people to manage Xian Prefecture, and they began to propagate and educate every household. They had removed all the statues and temples dedicated to The Great Spirit God. Not only did they strictly forbid worshipping, but they even taught brand new martial arts. The Celestial Tranquility Department had created a set of martial arts called the Human Dragon Fist. This set of martial arts went from the most basic to the most advanced, one step after another. Now, it had become popular all over the country.

No one cultivated the martial arts imparted by The Great Spirit God anymore. Moreover, under the promotion of the Celestial Tranquility Department, the people no longer mentioned The Great Spirit God, intentionally or unintentionally. Even some of the plays had lost the existence of The Great Spirit God.

The Great Spirit God had gradually faded, and he had been sealed in the long river of history, slowly dissipating.

This was also the effect that Gu Chensha wanted. The reputation of The Great Spirit God among the people would gradually disappear, and he wouldn't be able to stir up any big waves in the future.

As for what the Great Spirit God was doing in other parts of the Land of Infinity and stirring up trouble, Gu Chensha couldn't care less. As long as he didn't cause any trouble in the Land of Infinity, everything was still under his control.

Xian Prefecture City was now filled with high-rise buildings. The entire city was divided into business districts, residential districts, parks, military camps, school districts, and many other sectors. The roads were wide and spotless, and there were dedicated car lanes and sidewalks.

Mechanical vehicles shuttled through the streets, stopping at the side of the road at any time to let pedestrians in.

These vehicles were purely mechanical. Some were silver-white, some were golden, and some were colorful. They were very beautiful, in the shape of a shuttle, a fish, a snake, a dragon, and so on. At first glance, the streets had a magical atmosphere. However, people had long been accustomed to this kind of life.

More than ten years ago, the main transportation in Xian Prefecture City was on horseback, in carriages, or in palanquins.

It was very classical. But now, it was completely different. These were all new gadgets produced by the Heavenly Craftsmen Institute, which changed the lives of the people and the structure of the world. When the Martial Saints saw this, they all clicked their tongues in admiration.

A giant shark-like vehicle whizzed past. The interior of the vehicle was very spacious, and it could seat hundreds of people. It moved as fast as lightning.

It dropped people off at a stop, and then let new people in, shuttling back and forth in the huge city all day long.

The entire Xian Prefecture City was huge. If one walked from one end of the city to the other, it would probably take several days. But it only took an hour to sit in this giant vehicle.

As the population increased, the city grew larger and larger, expanding outward. The original structure had already changed beyond recognition.

The most obvious change was that in the past, small towns, counties, and prefectural cities, as well as large provincial capitals and prefectures, all had city walls to prevent external enemies from invading.

But now, all the city walls had been dismantled and expanded outward. There was basically no barrier between the city and the villages.

Moreover, there would be large and small mechanical iron vehicles shuttling between the city and the villages every day, allowing the people and goods in the villages to be quickly transported to the city for trade. At the same time, the people in the city could go to the villages to have fun at any time.

Such a speed of circulation increased the country's vitality and tax revenue. It also increased the abundance of resources.

"Hey! Hey! "

When Gu Chensha and the Martial Saint arrived at the school district of Xian Prefecture City, they saw a huge school rising from the ground. Countless students were studying, practicing martial arts, and learning all kinds of knowledge.

In a public square, no less than ten thousand students were practicing the Human Dragon Fist created by Jingxian Si.

They were circulating their blood and Qi, displaying their moves, and their momentum was monstrous. Every student's spirit, energy, and spirit were like dragons soaring into the sky, exuding exuberant vitality. Some students were also discussing on the way home from school.

A few boys and girls walked over. They didn't have the slightest bit of restraint between men and women in the past. Instead, they had an open atmosphere.

"He Tao, how many levels of your Human Dragon Fist have you cultivated to? How many people's strength? "

These boys and girls were chatting and laughing intimately. They were only in their teens, but they were high-spirited and high-spirited. They really had a youthful ambition and hot-bloodedness as if the world was in their hands.

"I've recently cultivated to the tenth level, which is the strength of ten people. Corresponding to the realm, I'm a mortal realm martial arts master."

A boy named He Tao said, "This bit of strength is far from enough. I still want to quickly break through to the grandmaster realm and then break through to the dao realm to kill demons.

I heard that killing demons on the battlefield of Sin Province is extremely profitable. As long as we can kill a few goat-horned demons, ox-headed demons, horse-faced demons, and so on, each of them will be worth a lot of money. " "I want to go too.

But it doesn't seem like we need profound martial arts. We can buy some guns and ammunition, as well as flying steel armor, and then we can go kill demons, "a girl said.

"All of that requires a lot of money. We don't have enough money now."

Another male student said, "Actually, it's also because their cultivation isn't high enough. Even if they borrow the strength of the machine, it's not stable. Some time ago, didn't a student encounter a powerful demon who directly tore the machine apart? He couldn't even escape."

"The best armor and weapons aren't guns or steel armor, but the Celestial Calming Division's Human Dragon Sword and Human Dragon Armor. Once you wear it, a hundred evils will be invulnerable. That flying sword can communicate with the soul, and when it flies out, it can slay ten thousand devils. And with every devil it kills, its power will increase. Unfortunately, the Human Dragon Sword and the Human Dragon Armor are not something we can afford. Comparatively speaking, the machines from the Celestial Craft Institute are much cheaper. Of course, you get what you pay for. That's understandable. "

"I heard that the Celestial Craft Institute sells some genetic evolution medicine. As long as one injects it, one's body will become really strong and invulnerable. It is similar to Dao Realm Transformation Three Copper Skin and Iron Bones. Many people have tried it. Should we go? "A guy was considering it.

"Absolutely impossible. That's a crooked path."

The boy called He Tao immediately stopped him. "This is destroying the structure of the human body. Even if you obtain great power in a short period of time, you will have severed your own path of cultivation. You will have to rely on the Celestial Designer Institute for your future progress. This is simply holding a sharp sword upside down, giving others a handle. The Celestial Tranquility Department is still the best.

We can continue to cultivate it and the longer we train, the deeper our cultivation will get. It can also improve our talents. We can't do things that are neither human nor ghost just to get strength quickly. "

"Brother Tao is right. The Human Dragon Fist is broad and profound, and there is no danger at all. Moreover, the Tranquil Immortal Department is still continuously improving it. This fist technique is all-encompassing, and legend has it that it has fused with the Dragon Raising Heart Sutra and the Dragon Making Heart Sutra. With such a divine technique, instead of calmly cultivating it, one would have to be out of their mind to seek some accelerated path of genetic modification." Our official mobile phone's newest reader app has been released!

Daily updates, huge amount of content, small size saves less data, no ads, easy to find, follow me on WeChat. Jiakonglishi (Press three seconds to copy) Download app.]