Chapter 248
===========

All the experts present had been sucked into the Black Heaven Earth Gate. The only ones left were the Governor of Wu Prefecture, the reincarnated servant of Wu Qu Xing, the governor's daughter, and of course, Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha had long since hidden in the Sun Moon Altar space. If he continued to hide, he would probably be revealed and sucked into the Black Heaven Earth Gate.

"Wonderful. The changes in the Black Heaven Earth Gate far exceed my Dragon Gate. But it is also because my Dragon Gate is not complete.

The main body of the Black Heaven Earth Gate is a supreme treasure in the Primeval Era, but it is still lacking compared to the real Dragon Gate. "

Gu Chensha was not in a hurry to take away the reincarnated servant of Wu Qu Xing. He observed the changes in the Black Heaven Earth Gate and immediately understood many things. The Dragon Gate in his body was wriggling, fusing with his flesh and blood, slowly changing.

"Gu Tanjian, Jing Fanxing, the Wu family, and even the Nest of 10,000 Dragons have formed some kind of alliance. This is no small matter.

Ever since Wu Dangkong took charge of the study, there has been a lot of trouble in the world. Father is in seclusion, and the Wu family has risen under Wu Dangkong's protection. If I can take in the reincarnated servant of Wu Qu Xing and take in more reincarnated stars in the future, wouldn't my strength increase by several times? "Gu Chensha frowned. At this moment, he could not go out.

His power level had increased rapidly recently, but in the face of such a situation, he still had to use his wits instead of brute force. More importantly, no one knew if there were other powerful beings spying on this place.

"No matter how much you ants struggle, don't even think of trapping me." Suddenly, a voice came from the Black Heaven Earth Gate. Rumble! It was Fa Wuxian. He seemed to be enraged. In the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth, he suddenly straightened his body.

"Battle Sage Universe, sweep away the evil aura, protect the position forever, defy the dao and live forever."

He let out a long roar, and many currents appeared on his body. These currents expanded outwards, causing the Black Heaven Earth Gate to crack inch by inch.

"Not good!"

Many people present, including Li Tiansheng, Gu Tanjian, Jing Fanxing, and the experts of the Wu family, were shocked. They had never expected Fa Wuxian to be so terrifying.

"Suppress!"

Everyone was crazily injecting their innate energy into their bodies, activating their Dharma treasures and taking pills that could replenish their innate energy. The Gate of Heaven and Earth almost shone brightly again.

"Suppress me? What a joke! "Fa Wuxian was not afraid at all. Bang!

Within his body, the "Fighting" character appeared. Endless Battle Profoundness surged from the "Fighting" character and exploded. Crackle!

A huge amount of Gang Qi swept out, and the Gate of Heaven and Earth was blown to pieces, unable to trap him at all.

"Good chance!"

At this moment, Gu Chensha revealed himself. The Dragon Gate in his body swallowed and spat out, sucking in all the broken Earth Qi of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth into it.

He didn't try to snatch the Martial Song Star's Upanishad, because if he tried to snatch it, he would become the target of everyone else. It might even cause everyone to fight over it and kill the servant. With so many experts gathered here, he couldn't guarantee the safety of this servant boy at all. It was better to pick up some ready-made benefits.

This Jing Fanxing had pushed the Gate of Heaven and Earth to the limit, incorporating the power of dozens of experts from the Wu Clan. In addition to the input of Gu Tanjian, Li Tiansheng, and the others, the Gate of Heaven and Earth was exquisite.

When Fa Wuxian blasted the Gate of Heaven and Earth, the Essence Qi of the Gate of Heaven and Earth collapsed. Gu Chensha absorbed the collapsed Essence Qi. Not only would his Dragon Gate be nourished, but with the collapsed Essence Qi, Gu Chensha could also learn the Profound Meaning of the Gate of Heaven and Earth. After comprehending it, he could use it to strengthen his cultivation and the changes of the Dragon Gate.

His Dragon Gate was still imperfect and was still in the growth stage. In the process of growth, he had to constantly absorb the Profound Meaning of various cultivation methods to perfect it, get rid of the false and retain the true, and finally reach the peak. In an instant, he absorbed all the collapsed Earth Qi of the Gate of Heaven and Earth.

Gu Chensha only felt that the shadow of the Gate of Heaven and Earth in the Dragon Gate was successfully condensed again.

At this time, Fa Wuxian broke free and immediately grabbed the servant. His Innate Earth Qi revolved around his body and wrapped him up. He turned into a rainbow and shook upwards. Boom, boom, boom!

There were consecutive explosions, and the Wu Clan's array was instantly broken. Dozens of experts from the Wu Clan vomited blood and fell to the ground like raindrops.

The old man from the Wu Clan who had cultivated to the Golden Core Realm wanted to stop him, but Fa Wuxian simply struck out a palm in the air, smashing the old man's body into pieces, and he couldn't stop him at all.

Fa Wuxian's speed was extremely fast. He turned into a rainbow and rushed into the clouds. In just a flash, he had completely disappeared. His speed was probably faster than the 10,000 Miles Soaring Cloud Flag, and even Golden Core Realm experts couldn't catch up.

"Chase!"

This time, even Gu Tanjian couldn't help it. Everyone flew up and chased in the direction where Fa Wuxian disappeared. No one was willing to accept it. The thing that they had planned for so long was actually taken away by Fa Wuxian.

Only Gu Chensha didn't chase. He knew that with Fa Wuxian's strength, he couldn't catch up at all. Moreover, there was the legalism behind Fa Wuxian, and there were also old monsters guiding them.

"I didn't expect Fa Wuxian to take away the reincarnation of Wu Qu Xing."

Gu Chensha shook his head. This mission was a failure, but there was nothing he could do. He couldn't stop a strong person like Fa Wuxian alone. Fortunately, he didn't come to the Wu Province without any gains. He subdued two snake demons and obtained the Book of Heavenly Demon. If he could open the restriction in it, the value would be far above the reincarnation of Wu Qu Xing.

However, it was a pity that the servant was originally the reincarnation of Wu Qu Xing. Now that he was in the hands of Fa Wuxian, it was unknown whether he was dead or alive.

Everyone went to chase after Fa Wuxian. There were only a few people left in the originally bustling Governor Manor. There was no need for Gu Chensha to hide his body, so he directly showed himself.

"Wu Province's Governor-General Sun Zhengxing greets Your Highness." Sun Zhengxing knelt on one knee.

Gu Chensha couldn't be compared to Gu Tanjian. He controlled the Department of Tranquility in the imperial court. When he joined forces with Lou Baiyue and Gu Huasha, his power grew stronger and stronger. It was said that he had already gained the support of hundreds of second and third-rate immortal sects. It was like a rolling snowball.

Lou Baiyue also had the token of "as if I was here in person". Even if Wu Dangkong was now the head of the Imperial Concubine, she couldn't order the Celestial Designer Academy and the Department of Tranquility.

Wu Province's Governor-General Sun Zhengxing knew that if the Department of Tranquility continued to develop like this, it would probably become the number one power in the world in eight to ten years.

"Sun Zhengxing, His Majesty has long since decreed that all the reincarnations of Wu Qu Xing have to be included in the Department of Tranquility. Why do you still collude with Gu Tanjian?" Gu Chensha didn't ask Sun Zhengxing to stand up.

"This lowly official didn't collude with the Heir. It's just that the Heir is stirring up trouble in Wu Province, and this lowly official can't do anything about it."

Sun Zhengxing didn't panic. "Moreover, this lowly official didn't know that the reincarnation of Wu Qu Xing would be in the body of a manservant in my mansion. This manservant is usually smart and quick-witted, and his aptitude is average. This lowly official didn't expect him to seduce my daughter. Damn it!"

He fiercely roared at the girl, "You beast! You degenerate! You actually dared to have an affair with a servant! If this gets out, where will my Sun Clan put its face?" The girl trembled in fear and didn't dare to speak.

"Sun Zhengxing, get up."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "This matter can't be blamed on your daughter. The reincarnations of Wu Qu Xing naturally have an attractive force that ordinary people can't resist. I can see that your daughter is also of average aptitude. If the reputation of having an affair with a manservant spreads out, it won't be good, but it's not a big deal. How about this, I'll take her to the Department of Tranquility and train her. She can also be a helper."

Since Sun Zhengxing's daughter had an affair with the reincarnation of Wu Qu Xing, then bringing her into the Department of Tranquility would be a good chess piece. She might be useful in the future.

"Thank you, Your Highness, for giving my daughter a way out." Sun Zhengxing's face lit up with joy. "Then, please take her away."

"Very good. Tell your daughter a few things. The matters in Wu Province have come to an end, and I have to go back to work." Gu Chensha sighed.

Sun Zhengxing hurriedly pulled his daughter to the side and carefully told her many things. When he finished, Gu Chensha rolled up his sleeves and suddenly flew up, disappearing.

After a few breaths, he returned to the mountain where he cultivated. The green and white snakes were still waiting, observing for any changes. When they saw him return, they immediately knelt down on one knee and greeted him.

"Young Master, have you taken in the reincarnation of Wu Qu Xing?" The white snake asked.

"This child has fallen into the hands of others, and it's hard to predict his fate. But if he can survive this tribulation, I'm afraid he will have great achievements in the future. "

Gu Chensha's mind was clear, and he suddenly understood something. "The reincarnation of Wu Qu Xing comes in response to a tribulation. After this child awakens, he will definitely face a tribulation. Perhaps today is his tribulation. But since he came in response to a tribulation, he will definitely have the ability to turn misfortune into fortune."

"This girl shall be taken in by the two of you. Teach her how to work and nurture her well." Gu Chensha pointed at Sun Zhengxing's daughter. "We shall return to the Department of Tranquility now."

"Yes!" The green and white snakes hurriedly accepted the order. "Young Master, what about this altar? Should we destroy it? "

"There's no need for that. I built this altar to gather spiritual energy and star force. As time goes by, this mountain will also be affected and changed. It can be considered as creating a paradise, and it will definitely be useful in the future."

Gu Chensha looked at the veins of the mountain range in the Wu Province, and he had a different thought in his mind. The mountains and veins of the Wu Province had long been secretly modified by the Wu Clan. The subtle chess pieces that he had set up here might be useful in the future.

"Swoosh!" He flew up with the two snakes and went straight to the Department of Tranquility outside the pass.

In less than half a day, he entered the Department of Tranquility and met with Lou Baiyue and Gu Huasha.

Then, after settling down the green and white snakes and Sun Zhengxing's daughter, the three of them discussed for a while and went straight to Gu Chensha's conferred land.

Gu Chensha's conferred land had been painstakingly built by the Black Tortoise baby. Right now, the mountains and rivers within a radius of a few hundred miles had already been condensed. In the ground, they formed the earth veins and possessed extremely strong spirituality.

The Black Tortoise baby's strength was much stronger than Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha was able to turn a mountain peak into a star altar temple in a short period of time, and the Black Tortoise baby was even more so.

It hid in the depths of the ground and could change its size at will. It constructed its lair layer by layer, and it was unknown how many formations and preparations it had made.

This time, Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and Gu Huasha discussed for a while and felt that Wu Dangkong entering the study room was a bad sign. The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor was in seclusion, and if this continued, the situation in the imperial court might have unpredictable changes. The urgent matter at hand was to strengthen their strength and it would be best to open the Heavenly Demon Book in one go.