Chapter 557
===========

"Seems like I'm not far from my doom."

Jiang Qi looked at Xing Qianxiong, who was sitting there motionlessly. The Divine Land Demon Sealing Lamp in his hand was spinning non-stop, emitting ghastly cries. He was extremely nervous and worried. "These days, I've been cultivating in the devil domain, using all sorts of methods to raise my cultivation base. But I can tell that this Xing Qianxiong definitely doesn't have good intentions. He wants to sacrifice me when he summons the World Burying Coffin, using my bloodline to obtain the summoning power. Don't think that I don't know that the moment he summons it will be the moment of my death." Jiang Qi wasn't stupid. He didn't reveal his thoughts on the surface, but his heart was clear. He definitely wasn't willing to be a chess piece.

At this moment, an old voice rang out in his consciousness. "My descendant, listen up. I am Jiang Gongwang." "Who? Who?! "

The depths of Jiang Qi's sea of consciousness fluctuated. After that, he saw a white-bearded old man clad in an astral robe. This astral robe was embroidered with millions and millions of shining stars. They were densely packed together, as though they could absorb and command the stars in the sky. "Ancestor, Jiang Gongwang." "Don't move. Don't let Xing Qianxiong notice."

The Jiang Gongwang that appeared in his consciousness said, "Your bloodline can sense my existence. But I've fallen long ago. The one that appeared in your consciousness now is merely my soul that has been preserved since ancient times." "Since ancestor has appeared, he definitely has the confidence to help me get through this."

Jiang Qi's consciousness was overjoyed. "This Xing Qianxiong will probably use me as a sacrifice. At that time, I won't be able to resist at all."

"This Xing Qianxiong is not to be underestimated. The Xing Qiong Clan behind him used to be my arch-enemy. I plotted against him, causing him to be sealed by many ancient emperors and killed by the three Heavenly Sovereigns. He hates me to the core. Why would he help my descendant obtain the World Burying Coffin?" Jiang Gongwang sighed.

"Ancestor, save me." Jiang Qi immediately sent out his consciousness.

"I will naturally save you. Otherwise, I wouldn't have appeared."

Jiang Gongwang asked, "The world is about to fall into chaos. Let me ask you, if you obtain the World Burying Coffin, what will happen next?"

"Naturally, we will unify the world and offer sacrifices to our ancestor so that he can truly be revived. Since he can be revived, it means that our ancestor can be revived as well."

Jiang Qi said, "That's especially true of the Calming Immortal Agency. The new Lord of Seven Stars actually wants the patriarch's legacy. Isn't that ridiculous?" "Very good."

Jiang Gongwang said, "It won't be easy for you to get rid of the restraints. I don't have any power left, so you can only rely on yourself." "Old Ancestor, please guide me." Jiang Qi had high hopes.

"I will first plant a seed of power in your body. This seed will absorb power from many dimensions. Not only that, it will also have the ability to destroy curses and eliminate evil."

Jiang Gongwang said, "When you cultivate, your ability to absorb Spiritual Qi will increase by a thousand times. In this way, it will definitely attract Xing Qianxiong's attention. You can say that the blood in your body has been activated, and then he will pour his energy into your body to test it out. This way, you will be able to continuously absorb his energy." "I'll do as you say, Old Ancestor," said Jiang Qi.

Jiang Gongwang suddenly waved his hand, and a stream of power spread out through Jiang Qi's entire body. It stimulated his acupoints, expelled his blood, and shattered the curses. In the end, it gathered in the depths of his dantian region and transformed into a seed.

The seed flickered with strange light, and when it rotated, it would absorb boundless amounts of power. This was actually a scheme that Gu Chensha had come up with to disguise himself as Jiang Gongwang.

The seed he had planted in Jiang Qi's body was no small matter. He had used the power of the Heavenly Dao to transform the bloodline of Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman into this seed. It had unfathomable, miraculous effects, and it was connected to the minor world of the Common Life's Wish sphere. He was going to use it to trick Xing Qianxiong. As expected, the situation changed. Bam. Bam. Bam. Bam.

There was a slight explosion on Jiang Qi's body. Those were the many curses that Xing Qian Xiong had placed in his body.

Xing Qianxiong's eyes were closed as he circulated the power of his world. Suddenly, his eyes snapped open. He had discovered that his restrictive spells were being broken and absorbed.

"What's going on?"

Xing Qianxiong glared at Jiang Qi viciously. However, he quickly retracted his gaze. But at this moment, Jiang Qi knew that Xing Qianxiong would definitely not let him off.

"I don't know either. When I was cultivating earlier, I felt the blood in my body moving restlessly. It was as though I was communicating with some sort of mysterious power." Jiang Qi's absorption rate was ten times stronger than before.

"Let me take a look."

Xing Qianxiong's eyes were filled with shock. He lifted his hand, and a tyrannical energy flowed into Jiang Qi's body. It flowed through his meridians, and even his sea of consciousness. Eventually, it converged in his sea of qi, and found the bloodline seed.

The bloodline seed seemed to have sensed Xing Qianxiong's energy. It emitted a suction force, and actually absorbed all the energy Xing Qianxiong had absorbed.

"Eh?"

Xing Qianxiong grabbed out, and another wave of energy entered Jiang Qi's body, wanting to pull the bloodline seed out.

But it was useless. The moment his energy came into contact with the bloodline seed, it was absorbed. He had no idea where this seed came from.

"Things have gotten out of my control?"

Xing Qianxiong's eyes shone with a ferocious light. Jiang Qi shivered. "This kid's bloodline is mutating? Don't tell me Lord of Seven Stars Jiang Gongwang's bloodline is showing its might? I can't let something like this happen. " "Xing Qianxiong, what's going on? I didn't know something like this would happen to me, "said Jiang Qi.

"It's because Lord of Seven Stars Jiang Gongwang's bloodline is mutating. It might not be a good thing for you."

Xing Qian Xiong did not dare to use too much force. He could only control it slowly, because Jiang Qi's body was extremely weak to him. If he were to accidentally kill Jiang Qi, he might not be able to obtain the World Burying Coffin. That was exactly what Gu Chensha was hoping for.

He had planted a bloodline seed in Jiang Qi's body to break Xing Qianxiong's curse. He wanted to pit his wits and courage against Xing Qianxiong. By placing the battlefield in Jiang Qi's body, Xing Qianxiong wouldn't be able to use his full strength and could only use a small amount of energy to fight against him.

But how could Xing Qianxiong fight back against the Heavenly Dao Magic's transformations and the Common People's Wish sphere?

In the end, Xing Qianxiong was just a suit of armor. Although he had devoured the Peerless Heavenly Tome, it was still a microscopic world. There was a huge difference between a microscopic world and a Common People's Wish sphere.

If Xing Qianxiong were to use his full strength, he might be able to hold his own against Gu Chensha for a while. But with Jiang Qi's body as the battlefield, he was afraid of killing Jiang Qi and losing this important chess piece. That way, he wouldn't be able to use even a ten-thousandth of his full strength. That way, Gu Chensha would be able to slowly nibble away at him.

Furthermore, time was of the essence. Xing Qianxiong only had seven days. In those seven days, he had to regain control of Jiang Qi. That gave Gu Chensha even more opportunities.

Gu Chensha's entire body had already turned into this bloodline seed and entered Jiang Qi's body. As long as Xing Qianxiong injected some of his energy into Jiang Qi's body, the bloodline seed would absorb the energy and send it into the Tree of Wishes.

His plan was very simple. He wanted Xing Qianxiong to continuously inject energy into the Tree of Wishes. This was equivalent to Xing Qianxiong helping him condense the Tree of Wishes.

With his current transformation ability and the power of the Small Chiliocosm, as well as the battlefield being confined to Jiang Qi's body, Xing Qianxiong wouldn't be able to see any clues at all.

Xing Qianxiong only knew that a bloodline seed had suddenly appeared in Jiang Qi's body. It could absorb all energy and curses, causing him to lose control of it. He had to refine this thing now, but he couldn't use any powerful techniques. To him, this matter was a little tricky.

However, he wasn't in a hurry. From his point of view, as long as he focused on refining it, getting rid of this bloodline seed would be a piece of cake.

"Sit properly."

Xing Qianxiong's eyes flickered for tens of breaths. "The appearance of a bloodline seed in your body is definitely not a good thing. I have to completely refine it now. If I don't resolve this matter, I'm afraid that the summoning ceremony to obtain the World Burying Coffin will be affected."

"I also feel that it's not appropriate." Jiang Qi said. "We'll listen to Lord Qianxiong's arrangements." "That's good." Xing Qianxiong said. "I'll set up a formation now to refine this bloodline seed."

He pointed with his finger. In an instant, many pitch-black flags appeared around Jiang Qi. These flags emitted black ripples that continued to condense, eventually turning into a series of twisting words that resembled tadpoles. They drilled into Jiang Qi's skin, blood vessels, meridians, and acupoints. These black tadpole words seemed to be a protective force that protected Jiang Qi's body.

"Divine Land Protection Curse!"

Gu Chensha recognized what this was. However, he only laughed coldly. Suddenly, he emitted a wave of energy, using Jiang Qi's Dantian as the foundation. In an instant, a whirlpool appeared, sucking in the energy of the Divine Land Protection Curse cleanly.

Within the mini chiliocosm of the Common People's Wish sphere, the Tree of Wishes had absorbed the energy of Xing Qianxiong three times. It glowed brightly, as though it had received some benefits.

"Damn it!"

Xing Qianxiong's original plan was to use the Divine Land Protection Curse to protect Jiang Qi's body before increasing his strength to refine this bloodline seed.

However, he didn't expect this bloodline seed to be so difficult to deal with. It even devoured his Divine Land Protection Curse.