Chapter 689
===========

"Your Highness, this Dharma Saint and Jing Qiu's words are reasonable. If the Heavenly Craftsman Institution retaliates, it will not be easy for us to deal with them."

When Longevity God heard the Dharma Saint's words, he immediately understood the reasoning behind it. What kind of person was he? He was someone who operated the world without end, and he had a clear understanding of the affairs of the human world.

He had a deep understanding of the bitterness of cultivation in the human world. To comprehend one realm after another, not only did it require a large amount of resources, but it also required a very strong mind to advance.

Although the human world was rich in resources, the majority of people's minds were not up to standard, and it was very difficult for them to cultivate to a higher realm. However, under the ferocious brewing trend, many people's thirst for power was getting stronger.

It could be said that if the Heavenly Craftsman Institution took out the injection method of the gene project, the world would be in a completely new situation. At least half of the people would buy the injection method, giving up on cultivation and choosing to use the evolution liquid to improve themselves.

In this way, the hearts of the people would belong to the Heavenly Craftsman Institution, and it would be enough to divide the world equally with the Calming Immortal Department.

After breaking the monopoly of the Calming Immortal Department, the Heavenly Craftsman Institution would be able to act calmly and divide the world, while the Calming Immortal Department would only be able to barely maintain the status quo and would not be able to show explosive growth.

"Actually, that's not the case."

Gu Chensha had already calculated this problem in his heart last time, and he had his own thoughts: "Father created the Heavenly Craftsman Institution for a profound reason. Our immortal cultivation civilization is, after all, only a small number of people can succeed. Comprehending the Grand Dao, enlightening one's mind is something that can only be understood and not explained. In fact, sixty to seventy percent of the people in the world, even if they are fed with spirit pellets and elixirs every day, it is still very difficult to cultivate to the Grand Dao realm. Even if they take the Human Dragon Pellet, some people still cannot become geniuses. Therefore, Father established the Heavenly Craftsman Institution to combine the prehistoric civilization and the immortal civilization to form an unprecedented civilization.

The immortal civilization relies on their own comprehension to stimulate the light of wisdom, thereby absorbing energy from the world and the universe. In the end, they transcend and become completely independent, jumping out of the three realms and not within the five elements.

On the other hand, the Prehistoric Civilization relied entirely on external objects to strengthen themselves. Our mechanical techniques and mechanical techniques are just the tip of the iceberg.

The Immortal-Calming Department doesn't reject the Prehistoric Civilization. In fact, we'll do our best to develop it and forge a new path. We'll learn from the strengths of the Celestial Designer Institution, and at the same time, surpass them. That's something the immortal lord couldn't have imagined. The Immortal-Calming Department needs to be broad-minded. That's the only way we can handle important matters. Furthermore, I got a fragment of the Epoch Cruiser from you, which will give me enlightenment of the Prehistoric Civilization.

Zhuge Ya has already started researching the secrets of the Prehistoric Civilization. Whatever the Celestial Designer Institute can create, we can also create. Our Calming Immortal Department does not engage in confrontation, only integration. "

Gu Chensha naturally had his own way of ruling a country. The low-end market had already been taken over by the Heavenly Designer Institution. In time, the Heavenly Designer Institution would definitely control the majority of ordinary people.

Right now, ordinary people were using weapons made by the Heavenly Designer Institution. The most obvious ones were fire talisman spears and hand cannons, which were very useful against the Devilfolk.

Even ordinary people could equip armor and fire talisman spears. Ordinary troops of the Devilfolk wouldn't be able to resist, and would be torn to shreds.

Throughout history, even the weakest of the Devilfolk, the pygmy Devilfolk, had been terrifying to the common people. That was to say nothing of the ox-headed devils, sheep-headed devils, blood-devils, zombies, skeletons, blood-devils, and Infernal Armor Great Devils. But now, the Devilfolk didn't have any advantage over the common people.

The Immortal-Calming Department had long since developed medicinal pills that could dispel devil energy, making people immune to it. In the past, people who had been infected with devil energy had turned into zombies that would bite people everywhere. Eventually, it would spread like a virus and lead to bedevilment. That wouldn't happen again.

"Your Highness's plan is thorough. I'm convinced now." Longevity God sighed.

"Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong are about to carry out their plan. This is our chance. If we can get North Star, then our plan will be perfect." Gu Chensha suddenly moved and merged himself with Longevity God. Rumble!

At this time, Longevity God's will in the Mini Thousand World started operating. The imitation of the Sun-Moon Lord condensed again, emitting endless light.

Then, Dharma Saint's will descended, "Longevity God, your cultivation base has skyrocketed, and the Heavenly Demon Tree in your body has broken free from North Star's control. Next, I will release the seal. The moment I release the seal, North Star will feel that there is a problem with his control over you. Then, he will feel the aura of the Sun-Moon Lord. In his perception, he will have an illusion that you met the Sun-Moon Lord, helped you remove the seal, and then helped you obtain the Lu God's throne. This way, North Star will definitely not be able to endure it, because most of his plans are on Jing Qiu and you. He wants the Desolate's Heart."

"Whatever you need me to do, I will listen to Lord Dharma Saint's arrangements." At this time, Longevity God naturally knew what to do.

"Very good. Circulate your aura. Don't panic. When the North Star God comes to devour and kill you, activate your cultivation and envelop the North Star God. We will naturally deal with what happens next and assist you in sealing the North Star God. When you fight with the North Star God, your cultivation will skyrocket. This is a huge tribulation and also a huge training." The Warlock Saint said, "Do you understand what I mean?"

"Yes, I'm ready. Riches come from danger. This time, working with Lord Dharma Saint, we will have great achievements." Longevity God said.

"Very good, then we will release the seal." Dharma Saint suddenly waved his hand, letting Wu Dangkong take away the power of the Sacrificial Decree.

Originally, Dharma Saint's cultivation base was the same as North Star's, so it was impossible to hide from North Star.

But Dharma Saint cooperated with Wu Dangkong and used the power of the Sacrificial Decree to conceal it. Not to mention North Star, even Wan Senshi would not be able to detect it.

After all, the Sacrificial Decree was of a higher level than Wan Senshi, who was in Heaven Longevity Realm. Longevity God also raised his spirit.

Sure enough, the moment Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong released the seal, the Heavenly Demon Tree suddenly connected with a mysterious and powerful existence.

Longevity God saw North Star, who seemed to be searching for something in the depths of the space-time turbulence. North Star's huge body shuttled through the space-time turbulence with a monstrous aura.

Then, North Star's will transmitted over and saw the light of Lord Sun and Moon in Longevity God's Small Thousand World.

"Lord Sun and Moon has appeared."

North Star's will fluctuated violently: "Audacious Longevity God, you dare to betray me, thinking that you can avoid disaster by relying on Lord Sun and Moon. Simply wishful thinking." Rumble!

Using the Heavenly Demon Tree in the Small Thousand World as a medium, North Star's power suddenly transmitted over, wanting to suppress Longevity God and the 'Lord Sun and Moon' in his Small Thousand World.

But this' Lord Sun and Moon 'started to use the Small Thousand World's power to resist North Star, preventing it from invading.

"How dare you!"

"Lord of the Sun-Moon," the North Star Emperor said angrily, "Even if you came out of nowhere, you shouldn't have provoked me. I can tell that your cultivation base isn't at the celestial level yet. If I find out, you'll be the one to die. If I devour you, not only will my cultivation base recover, but I'll also be able to reach the Celestial Longevity level.

Do you think that you can resist my attack after helping Longevity God cultivate a Small Thousand World?

North Star Primogenitor, Earth Kingdom, Heavenly Demon Cave, Yin and Yang Transformation, Five Elements Destruction, Dragon and Tiger Accompany, descend! "

In addition to being furious, North Star was also pleasantly surprised. He knew that the Lord Sun and Moon would benefit him immeasurably. If he could devour and refine him, his cultivation base would skyrocket, and he would be able to change the North Star's fate and become an invincible paragon.

However, he also knew that the Lord Sun and Moon was a body of destiny that had never appeared before. He surpassed the Lord of Seven Stars, and was the true emperor of the planet. Even the North Star's destiny couldn't compare to the Lord Sun and Moon's.

It could be said that the Lord Sun and Moon were the true rulers of an era, and no one could match them.

Even the three celestials and the other old-timers would pale in comparison to the Lord Sun and Moon. This was a true king of destiny. He could turn calamities into blessings, and in the end, he would become the strongest overlord.

Of course, the Heavenly Daos had changed, and even the Lord Sun and Moon could perish if they weren't careful.

The North Star was well aware of that. With the Lord Sun and Moon in front of him, there was no way he wouldn't try to devour this juicy piece of meat.

Having made up his mind, his body suddenly changed as five enormous minor chiliocosms appeared above his head. One minor chiliocosm was earthy yellow, while the others were emerald green, white, black, and fiery red. These were his five element worlds. They represented metal, wood, water, fire, and earth.

His five minor chiliocosms didn't have any living beings living within them, but rather, the five element spirits. For example, his earthen-yellow world was filled with living beings formed from soil, created from earth elemental energy.

As for the other worlds, they were divided into fire spirits, water spirits, metal spirits, and wood spirits.

The North Star still hadn't created his own dimensional world. In the distant past, he had his own dimensional world, but it had been destroyed and had yet to be restored. Dimensional worlds weren't easy to refine. Even the Xingqiong Clan would find it difficult to refine one. The North Star was planning on seizing Gu Chensha's dimensional world.

What the North Star needed to do now was to combine the five minor chiliocosms into one. Only by combining the five elements into one could he completely restore his strength.

Of course, even if he didn't manage to combine the five elements, with the power of the five minor chiliocosms and his cultivation base as a Heavenly Lord, he would be extremely terrifying. Moreover, each of his minor chiliocosms had extremely pure power. In terms of battle strength alone, he was even more powerful than the minor chiliocosms of Taiyi Fantasy Sect and Universe Profound Sect. .....

During the event, please join our group to participate in our activities. Yesterday's group 1 is full. Please add group 2: 202641806, group 3: 327727152.

Hangzhou locals can privately message Scumbag Ge and Little Five. You can come to my martial arts dojo to play. There will be people to receive you.

At the same time, I would like to thank Scumbag Ge, Little Five, Orange Melon 2001, Orange Melon Tycoon, Orange Melon 669, Orange Melon Nana, Orange Melon Xiao Yi, Orange Melon Shenshen, Orange Melon Xiao Ran, Xiao Zhan, Orange Melon Elder Brother, Orange Melon Supreme, and Chief.