Chapter 511
===========

The power of the Life's Wish sphere erupted completely. Even Sages had to avoid it, let alone Gods.

Otherwise, those hostile Sages, such as the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, Li Wanlong, and the Black Heaven Earth Sect Leader, would have long attacked the sphere.

Over the years, Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, and Gu Chensha had desperately condensed the sphere and used all kinds of methods. This sphere fused the Book of Heavenly Demon, Buzhou Palace, Dragon Gate, Central Wutu Virtuous Flag, Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Diagram, and many other Dharma treasures. Then, it was planted in the Heavenly Demon Tree and transformed into the Tree of Wishes. It also gathered the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise. If not for the short period of time, it would probably not be inferior to the Black Heaven Earth Sect.

Especially after Gu Chensha cultivated the Heavenly Dao Technique, he built an academy and gathered the power of vow. Lou Baiyue and The Fourth expanded the power of vow.

Especially the Fourth Gu Huasha, he actually roped in all the governors of the imperial court. Most of the inspectors swore an oath to the sphere. The providence that these people carried was extraordinary. It was almost equivalent to the official aura of half the imperial court.

Then, Gu Chensha built the Small Divine Continent and set his sights on the marine creatures. It snowballed.

The surging power of vow gathered in the Life's Wish sphere, and the sphere became worthy of its name.

Now, Gu Chensha activated the sphere and refined the power of vow and released it. It was more powerful than the Great Mahākāśyapa Mantra.

The Great Mahākāśyapa Mantra was also an incantation that stimulated the power of prayer. It fused with demonic qi and finally gathered into a power that could penetrate space-time.

Gu Chensha was proficient in countless ultimate arts. The Great People's Salvation Sutra that he created also had the magical effects of the Great Mahākāśyapa Mantra. Although it was not as domineering and destructive as the Great Mahākāśyapa Mantra, it lingered and penetrated, sealed space-time, and tempered Dharma treasures. It was simply magical.

In the refinement of magic treasures, there was a method of intent refinement. It was to hold a flying sword or other treasures and communicate with it day and night with your mind. Over time, this magic treasure would become one with your intent.

Countless living beings prayed and made their own wishes and oaths to refine the World's Wish sphere together. After it was absorbed and refined by the Tree of Wishes, the space-time and world of the sphere would naturally undergo many changes. This was also the reason why Zhuge Ya had evolved the Heavenly Demon Tree into the Tree of Wishes.

The Wish Tree was the result of the wisdom of the ancient Heavenly Sons and the Lord of Seven Stars. They used the Heavenly Demon Tree as a reference, and took it a step further. They had entrusted humanity's wishes to them, but in the end, they hadn't succeeded.

As for Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya, because of their various fortuitous encounters and their cultivation of the Heavenly Dao, they were able to achieve this. Otherwise, it would not have been easy to gather the wishes and vows of all living beings.

This was the first time the Tranquil Immortal Bureau had truly captured a Divine level expert. At this moment, the Tranquil Immortal Bureau had revealed its sharp fangs.

The Call of Life was activated, and the Peerless Book was immediately pulled into the vortex. Step by step, it was about to fall into its center. As long as it was sucked into the vortex, even a god would fall. If the Peerless Book entered the World's Wish sphere, it would have no chance at all.

Gu Chensha's face was expressionless. He activated his Heavenly Dao, sending it into the sphere and activating the Tree of Wishes. In turn, the Tree of Wishes activated the sphere, doing its best to prevent the Peerless Book from acting in desperation.

No matter what, the Peerless Heavenly Book was a Divine level expert and was even stronger than those great clans' Old Ancestors. If he were to go all out, he would still be able to deal damage to Gu Chensha or even the sphere. Generally speaking, even Sages wouldn't want to force a Divine level expert into a dead end.

Fortunately, Gu Chensha had made use of the Peerless Book's mentality of underestimating his opponent. He had used up quite a lot of the Peerless Book's Vital Qi with a few strikes. He then hid the Immortal Slaying God Exterminating Flying Saber's Qi within it, causing the Peerless Book to be even more injured. This further reduced the book's counterattack.

"The Call of Life, the Wish of Life, the Oath of Life." Gu Chensha fought with all his might.

This battle was extremely beneficial to Gu Chensha. With the experience of fighting a Divine level expert head-on, he was even more familiar with the power of the world. He also comprehended many of the Sages' memories. He had to comprehend the mysteries of time at all times.

"Final attack!" He slowly raised the All-encompassing Obliteration Cudgel, and a destructive aura brewed on it.

At this moment, a pitch-black light suddenly flashed from the depths of space-time, directly entering the depths of the Peerless Book. Immediately, the book released a black, fiendish aura. Rumble! It was as if another Divine level expert was helping the Peerless Book.

The power of the Peerless Book instantly increased by a lot. It suddenly erupted, and as it shook the space, countless Divine Lightning was born.

"Your Highness, channel your transcendence energy into the Regal Propria Token." Zhuge Ya's will was suddenly transmitted into Gu Chensha's mind.

Gu Chensha immediately circulated his transcendence energy, channeling the Heavenly Dao Art directly into the floating token in the highest sky of the sphere. Ssss!

The token seemed to be slightly activated by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's bloodline contained within the Heavenly Dao Art. A dot of golden light the size of a soybean appeared, directly landing in Zhuge Ya's palm.

Zhuge Ya kowtowed and said, "Blessings to Your Majesty. Your subject, Zhuge Ya, will use this power to lay down a plan to protect the lives of the world." After obtaining this dot of golden light, he suddenly flicked it. This golden light soundlessly passed through space-time, and was imprinted within the Peerless Book. No one noticed it.

At this moment, the Peerless Book's main body was strengthened, as if there was a huge power from afar helping it.

The book suddenly erupted, escaping without a trace amidst the boundless Space-Time Divine Lightning. Gu Chensha immediately searched for it, but there was no trace of the Peerless Book.

However, he knew that the capture this time wasn't a failure. Zhuge Ya had laid down an even deeper plot. He immediately circulated his world energy and retreated from the space-time turbulence.

He was only at the 22 Transformations of Heaven and Earth Realm. If it wasn't for the sphere's power, he wouldn't have been able to enter. Even so, he couldn't stay in the space-time turbulence for long.

When he appeared in the Azure Biochemical Dragon Pagoda again, Jin Suibo said fiercely, "Your Highness, we failed? Did a stronger power intervene? Causing us to fall short of success? "

"It can't be considered a failure. We have an even deeper plot." Gu Chensha immediately communicated with Zhuge Ya.

"This time, the one who helped the Peerless Book was one of the Xing Qiong Clan's subordinates, the Divine Prefecture Thousand Fiends Armor. That's equivalent to a Deity level expert. This Thousand Fiends Armor has already seeped into the bloodline of the Jiang Clan's descendants."

Zhuge Ya transmitted his will. "Jiang Gongwang's descendants are controlled by the Xing Qiong Clan, and they are plotting to obtain the World Burial Coffin. This time, they obtained the Peerless Book in order to prevent the sphere's power from increasing after we obtain this book, making it harder for us to obtain the World Burial Coffin." "So that's how it is."

Gu Chensha knew that Zhuge Ya's mind was constantly communicating with the World Burial Coffin, and he could even obtain power from the coffin. A long time ago, he had summoned the coffin's power to defeat Jing Qiu.

Right now, Zhuge Ya's cultivation had already reached the 24 Transformations, "Future Peeking". His senses were more than ten times stronger than before.

His comprehension of the World Burial Coffin was even deeper, and he was able to see things that others couldn't.

"The Divine Prefecture Thousand Fiends Armor has inherited the will of the Xing Qiong Clan, and it itself is a fiendish god. This fiendish god didn't have good intentions when it saved the Peerless Heavenly Book. It naturally wants to devour the book to strengthen itself. The odds are against this book, "Zhuge Ya said again.

"In that case, the reason why you made me activate my father's medallion and make arrangements within it was so that we could obtain the World Burial Coffin." Gu Chensha completely understood Zhuge Ya's plan.

"That's right. I've already comprehended some of the medallion's wondrous effects. If this medallion is used well, it can avoid many tribulations for our Celestial Tranquility Department, and we'll be able to do everything more smoothly."

Zhuge Ya said, "This time, we're casting a long line to catch a big fish. The Peerless Heavenly Book is the bait, and as expected, it's starting to bite."

"Looks like Mister Zhuge's calculations are profound. As long as the Xing Qiong Clan's Divine Prefecture Thousand Fiends Armor takes the bait, they'll spit out the Peerless Heavenly Book and the treasures within it with interest." Gu Chensha nodded.

"Not only that, but we won't have to waste energy summoning the World Burial Coffin, and we'll save a lot of world energy. We can let the Xing Qiong Clan summon it, and then we'll just have to pluck the peaches."

Zhuge Ya said, "But in the end, we'll still have to use Dou Nineteen to secretly let the three great Celestial Venerables know of the Xing Qiong Clan's plan, and cause these big shots to restrain each other." "I'll naturally do that," Gu Chensha said. "The more chaotic the situation is, the better."

"This time, our Celestial Tranquility Department and the Common People's Wish Sphere have cast out bait, and we've lost a lot of world energy. At the very least, we've used up a lot of world energy."

Zhuge Ya said, "For the time being, we can only hide our strength and bide our time. Fortunately, Your Highness has established the Small Divine Prefecture, and as long as we expand our operations, it'll be easy to replenish our resources as more and more people gather." "That's the only way." Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya discussed many details in secret. In the depths of a desolate forest in the Boorish Wasteland.

Jiang Qi sat cross-legged. Suddenly, a black light and an azure-golden light descended, and they intertwined with each other, releasing an extremely terrifying power.

"Xing Qian Xiong, why did you suddenly fly out of my body?" Jiang Qi asked in shock.

"Hahaha!"

Xing Qian Xiong laughed. "The Celestial Tranquility Department wanted to capture the Peerless Heavenly Book, and at the most crucial moment, I beat them to it and reaped the benefits.

The Celestial Tranquility Department was injured by the Celestial Tranquility Department, and I took advantage of its weakness to enter. Now, I'm going to devour the book's origin spirit and fuse it with the book's world. Once I succeed, my world energy will multiply, and at that time, I'll start setting up a trap with you to summon the World Burial Coffin!

With your bloodline summoning, the Celestial Tranquility Department won't be able to obtain any benefits, and this coffin will belong to me in the end. The countless treasures within, the Seven Star profound mysteries, and the enormous innate world energy of the coffin itself will all belong to us. " "Peerless Heavenly Book!"

Jiang Qi laughed coldly. "You obtained such benefits, but what about me? It's rumored that the Peerless Heavenly Book contains countless treasures."