Chapter 112
===========

He stood in the position of the emperor of Xian Dynasty and thought that if the oracle came down, then there was nothing he could do but respect it. Moreover, the royal family of Xian Dynasty had the bloodline of The Great Spirit God.

"Back then, the number one candidate chosen by the oracle to marry the barbarian princess was Spirit Star. I went to beg the elders of the sect, but the sect didn't want to interfere in this matter because it involved the agreement between gods. Spirit Star decided to sacrifice himself. "

Wen Hong said, "After Gu Taxian learned of this, he went down the mountain with his sword and killed several barbarian kings of the barbarian race. Then, he destroyed many of the temples of The Great Spirit God and wanted to take Spirit Star away.

However, this was tantamount to blaspheming a god and angering the barbarian race, which would bring a disaster to Xian Dynasty.

The royal family couldn't tolerate him, and Xian Dynasty couldn't tolerate him either. Spirit Star could only break off relations with him. " "Will the barbarian race retreat if they offer young boys and girls to Xian Dynasty?"

Gu Chensha frowned. "The barbarian race wants to empty Xian Dynasty and use it as a blade to attack the Hundred Kingdoms. After they succeed, they will destroy Xian Dynasty. Can't they see that?"

"The barbarian race naturally thinks so, but this is the oracle." Wen Hong said, "God also wants to delay as long as he can, hoping to use this opportunity to recuperate.

Later, Gu Taxian went back to seize the throne and attacked Xian Dynasty, wanting to deprive the faith of the The Great Spirit God.

Xian Dynasty was forced into a corner, so it sent Spirit Star to marry over. Who knew that The Great Spirit God was already lurking in Spirit Star's body and suddenly attacked at the crucial moment, trying to kill Gu Taxian. However, he was seriously injured by Gu Taxian's counterattack, and Spirit Star was also attacked by two different forces during the counterattack, causing his soul to scatter.

"So, it's all because of The Great Spirit God that my mother died?" Gu Chensha said.

"You can say that."

Wen Hong retracted his gaze from the starry sky. "Actually, I don't blame him, but his subordinates — Lou Clan, Legalism Clan, Heng Clan, and Lei Clan — when they attacked Xian Dynasty, they burned, killed, and plundered. They massacred for days and nights. These people must die. " "Why didn't he stop the massacre?" Gu Chensha asked.

"At that time, he disappeared for a period of time." Wen Hong said, "He might have gone after The Great Spirit God.

However, in his heart, those who believed in The Great Spirit God had better disappear along with The Great Spirit God. "

"Then why did you ask me to come here?" Gu Chensha asked, "I already know what happened to my mother, and I can't blame him. You're telling me all this because you want me to deal with the Lou family and the Legalists? " "No." Wen Hong sighed. "The world is about to descend into chaos. You must be prepared." "The world is in chaos?"

Gu Chensha didn't believe it, "Right now, the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor is commanding all four directions to attack the Barbarian Race. The evil gods are all being forced to retreat, the hundred countries are united and the demons and devils don't dare to cause trouble. The world is unprecedentedly strong and is heading towards a golden age. Why would there be chaos?" "Prosperity is bound to decline."

Wen Hong said, "You still don't understand this logic. The Great Yongchō is too strong. Since ancient times, there has never been someone as strong as him. You still don't understand how strong he is. But because of this, he is no longer tolerated by heaven and earth. Have you ever thought about what would happen to the world if he suddenly disappears one day? " This terrifying thought flashed through Gu Chensha's mind at times.

Right now, the world was in chaos, and the people were at peace. But it all depended on the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor. If he disappeared one day, the aristocratic clans, immortal sects, devils, demons, ghosts, and all sorts of other existences would jump out. The world might become hell.

At that time, even if Gu Chensha's cultivation was a hundred times higher, he would be nothing in this chaotic world. He wouldn't be able to shoulder the heavy responsibility of saving the world. Moreover, he might not even be able to keep his life.

Right now, there were many princes who wanted to kill him. The First Prince, the Tenth Prince, and even the Third Prince wanted to kill him. With his current cultivation, he wouldn't be able to stop the powers behind the princes.

"World peace is also the wish of the Spirit Star."

Wen Hong said, "The reason I summoned you here today is to see if you have the ability to save the world."

"But I heard from Chen Jianfeng that they want to rebel, and Chen Tianhuang also wants to rule the world." Gu Chensha asked.

"With the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor in power, rebellion is useless."

Wen Hong waved his hand. "But if he disappears, the country will naturally need to be restored. Before the world falls into chaos, the Heavenly Talisman will appear, and it will fall into the hands of those who care about the world. To save the world. " "Why didn't the Heavenly Talisman fall into his hands?"

This was the most crucial question. Gu Chensha was extremely concerned. "What he did is something even the ancient Heavenly Emperors couldn't do. According to his great merit, the Heavenly Talisman would have fallen long ago." "Because of this."

Wen Hong calculated. "So regardless of the immortal, demonic, and demonic paths, as well as many aristocratic families, they all think that he is not tolerated by the Heavenly Dao. According to his merits, the Heavenly Talisman would definitely fall into his hands, but it didn't. Does this mean that the Heavenly Dao doesn't recognize him?" "It seems like the Heavens aren't very fair." Gu Chensha said.

Although he obtained the Heavenly Talisman, he knew in his heart that his virtue was shallow, and he didn't have any merits for the world.

The Heavenly Talisman fell into his hands, and he also reflected on it day and night. He couldn't accept it.

"The will of the Heavens is hard to predict. Who can figure it out?"

Wen Hong said. "I have removed the imprint on the Law Breaking Immortal Sword. You can refine it yourself and use it. I don't plan to take it back." "Thank you, Grand Tutor. What do you want me to do?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Very simple. Create your own force, accumulate strength, and wait for the world to fall into chaos. It will naturally be useful." Wen Hong said. "Go." He waved his hand. Crackle! A crack actually appeared in the space.

Then, with a flick of his sleeve, Gu Chensha's entire body was enveloped by a force and sent into the depths of the crack in space. In the next moment, his eyes lit up, and he appeared on a mountain that was unknown how far away. Looking from the peak of the mountain, he just happened to see his fief.

"This kind of divine power!"

Gu Chensha broke out in cold sweat. Grand Tutor Wen Hong had torn space with his hand and sent him tens of thousands of miles away. It was simply unprecedented. It was many times stronger than the Glass Jade Body.

After sending off Gu Chensha, Chen Lingyun said to Wen Hong, "Grand Tutor, what do you think of this Gu Chensha?"

"His entire body's vital energy and blood have the faint smell of heavenly and earthly treasures. He has already cultivated a very strong cultivation technique." Wen Hong said, "But it has nothing to do with The Great Spirit God."

"Then why didn't Grand Tutor keep him here?" Chen Lingyun said. "I feel that he has many secrets on him. He's definitely not simple." "Forget it, he is Lingxing's son after all, and Trampler gave him the Death Exemption Talisman."

Wen Hong said, "If this talisman is used at full power, I will inevitably be injured. Moreover, he will be very important to us in the future. With my status, what's the big deal about bullying a junior?" "Tian Huang is very dissatisfied with him." Chen Lingyun said, "They might attack him."

"Tian Huang always can't see the situation clearly, but he naturally has a group of subordinates who are now colluding with the Black Heaven Earth Sect and have their own ideas. But he doesn't understand and thinks that he can take advantage of the Yongchō's attack on the barbarians," Wen Hong said. "But he doesn't know that all the evil gods together can't do anything to Trampler."

"Will the Heavenly Talisman Emperor really not last long?" Chen Lingyun was a little doubtful. "His realm is not something we can understand." "He definitely won't last long. The Heavenly Dao is all about balance."

Wen Hong said, "When those gods reach a certain level of strength, they will be rejected and can't appear in the world for long. They can only find a representative in the world. Trampler's cultivation has already surpassed that of gods, but he still remains in the human world for a long time. In fact, he is contending against the Heavenly Dao. But how can a man win against the Heavenly Dao?"

"In that case, when the Heavenly Talisman Emperor disappears, it will be the day of great chaos. At the same time, before that, there will definitely be a heavenly talisman descending, and that person will be the savior of the world?" Chen Lingyun said.

"No, when the heavenly talisman appears, everyone can fight for it. The one who stands out in the end will be the true savior of the world. Since the ancient times, the first person to obtain the heavenly talisman was only paving the way for the true dragon."

Wen Hong said, "After great chaos, there will be great governance. Similarly, after great governance, there will be great chaos. This is the cycle of the Heavenly Dao."

"Since that's the case, I will constantly monitor this child and see what secrets he has," Chen Lingyun said.

"I want to meet the Imperial Preceptor of the Great Wei Dynasty. This dynasty is unprecedentedly powerful, and they are also eyeing Yongchō covetously. However, if the world is in great chaos, they can only be involved."

Wen Hong laughed lightly, "But since ancient times, there has never been a heavenly talisman descending from this dynasty. Hence, they are not orthodox. They also want to obtain the heavenly talisman to prove that their dynasty is also favored by the Heavenly Dao."

"This dynasty is also uncivilized and barbarian. They still want to obtain the heavenly talisman. What wishful thinking." Chen Lingyun was very disdainful, "This time, if the heavenly talisman appears, our dynasty must obtain it." "This is a necessary plan."

Wen Hong pointed his finger repeatedly, and a huge star chart actually appeared in the air. Countless constellations flashed and disappeared in the air, "Your cultivation has not broken through the innate astral qi. It will be difficult to deal with the upcoming chaotic situation. I will expend my vitality to increase your strength."

The huge star chart descended, enveloping Chen Lingyun. The flashes of destruction within seeped into her body.

"Ten Thousand Stars Flying Immortal, Star Body Refinement, Limitless."

Wen Hong guided the huge power of the stars down, gathered it into a ball, gathered it into his blood essence, and injected it into Chen Lingyun's body. This was a supreme secret technique, close to the means of a deity. Bang bang bang bang …

Hundreds of acupoints in Chen Lingyun's body all exploded, and then condensed again. She moved her palm lightly, and instantly, a ray of starlight shot out from her body, slicing the crouching bull stone a few hundred steps away in half.

"I have refined a few treasures in these years of seclusion. I will give them all to you." Wen Hong casually tossed them, and a sparkling shirt and a scepter appeared on Chen Lingyun's body. After that, he lightly tore the space apart, and he entered it, disappearing. Savage Tribe, Gu Chensha's fief.

Yi Ming was cultivating a divine technique. He had obtained the Heavenly Dew and consumed the Seven Saints Heart Refining Pill, and his spirit was extremely strong. He repeatedly analyzed the essence of the Devil Book of Confusion and the Devil Book of Hell Suppression, and started to use the True Fire to burn his body, attempting to cultivate the Glass Jade Body.