Chapter 1110
============

No One Lives Forever There were Lin Yixun, Zhou Yang, Tang Chuan, Wei Jia, Zhang Xuangong, Hu Bugui, and Li Xiuyang. These were the seven Undying Realm experts. Lin Yixun was their absolute master.

The others might have some authority, but they would all be stripped of their authority if they met Lin Yixun.

It was like an emperor who had many ministers under him. These ministers also controlled the country. When the emperor wasn't around, they could do whatever they wanted, but a single word from the emperor could strip them of their authority. Therefore, Zhou Yang still felt like he was under someone else's control.

He had to change the current situation step by step. He had to bring in reinforcements to kill his opponents.

Of course, he knew that Wei Jia was also planning to devour him. For Wei Jia, once he devoured Zhou Yang, his strength would increase by leaps and bounds.

"You have to be quick. I think one of my companions has also roped in Wei Jia. His first target will be to devour you." Zhou Qin's words made Zhou Yang nervous.

"Is that so?" Zhou Yang was shocked. "I really can't tell if the six of you are friends or enemies." "Sometimes we are enemies, and sometimes we are friends."

Zhou Qin smiled. "Of course, the six of us have one goal, and that is to suppress Gu Chensha and refine him." "Why?"

Zhou Yang was surprised. "Although Gu Chensha is the strongest expert in the world, he poses no threat to anyone. Do you have a grudge against him?"

"There's no grudge. It's just that he is the strongest expert in the world, and the fact that we can suppress him means that we are the strongest.

Therefore, we have to defeat him. Only by defeating him will our cultivation reach the highest level, and then we can enter another world to suppress him, "Zhou Qin said.

"Another world? The multiverse is the only world left.

Even if we reach the Undying Realm, we won't be able to find another world. Where did you come from? "Zhou Yang asked.

"You can't understand this kind of realm. There is always a sky beyond the sky, and there is no end. There is always someone better than you, and there is always a higher mountain."

Zhou Qin said, "However, Gu Chensha represents a kind of fate, a kind of pinnacle, a kind of resource. First suppress him, then we can clearly see what is going on in the real world." Zhou Qin's words were always like this, unable to be seen or heard clearly.

"Alright."

Zhou Yang said, "Then let's work together and find Wei Jia's weakness. You'll help me devour him. How about it?" "Sure …" Zhou Qin smiled. No one knew what he was thinking.

At the same time, somewhere in the multiverse, Gu Chensha was looking at Chang Weiyang, who was emanating boundless laws of the Heavenly Dao, condensing into a huge cocoon. The cocoon wriggled violently, and all of a sudden, the cocoon broke apart as Chang Weiyang walked out, emanating a boundless aura. In the end, she reached the Undying Realm.

Back then, Chang Weiyang was the Sect Master of the Universe Mystic Sect. She was an Anomaly with an extremely deep foundation. Back in the Endless Mainland, she was extremely strong. (If this chapter is not finished, please turn the page.)