Chapter 365
===========

In Jing Prefecture, the place with the most troops was Changding Prefecture, which was not far from Jing Prefecture City. There were 30,000 troops, but they weren't equipped with Horned Dragon Armor or Star Soldier Armor. They also weren't equipped with Fire Talisman Spears.

This was something that couldn't be helped. Even now, it was impossible for all the troops to be equipped with Horned Dragon Armor and Fire Talisman Spears.

These two things were really precious, and only the generals in the army could be equipped with them.

Great Yong's army had hundreds of millions. If they were all equipped with Horned Dragon Armor or Star Soldier Armor, they would have swept the world. Actually, even the Calm Celestial Division's army wasn't able to equip everyone with such equipment.

At the border of Changding Prefecture, there was a mountain. It looked like it was filled with lush trees and a narrow valley. It was desolate and uninhabited, but in truth, it was a secret base of the Jing Family.

This mountain had been hollowed out. Many formations had been set up in the belly of the mountain to absorb spiritual energy. Many disciples were cultivating here. This was the Jing Family's training ground. Jing Fanxing was here.

In front of him stood five people. They were Jing Xing, Jing Zhi, Jing Xuan, Jing Kong, and Jing Xue.

These five people were the pride of the Jing Family, and all of them were Dao Realm experts. Jing Fanxing was prepared to give five Dragon Creation Pills to the five of them, even though he was reluctant.

"The Clan Head used his Azure Dragon bloodline to exchange for these five Dragon Making Pills. After you consume them, you will become unparalleled geniuses. After that, you will lead the troops and control the thirty thousand soldiers of the Everlasting Roaring Residence. Jing Fanxing said.

"Right now, the commander of the 30,000 troops, Huo Di, is only at the second transformation of Dao Realm. I can kill him like a chicken."

Jing Xing's cultivation was at the third transformation of Dao Realm, Copper Skin Iron Bones. Naturally, it was easy for him to deal with someone at the second transformation. Moreover, this realm was most suitable for large armies to charge and kill.

At the second transformation, one's body could still be injured by swords, blades, arrows, and Fire Talisman Spears. At the third transformation, Copper Skin Iron Bones, there was basically no such possibility. It wasn't difficult to enter and exit an army of 10,000.

The belly of the mountain was filled with Spiritual Qi. It was sealed off by a spell formation, and there were altars everywhere. It was several acres in size, and the entire belly of the mountain was dozens of kilometers in circumference. It was almost the size of a city.

Within the mountain, Jing Qiu used his powers to purify it. People outside couldn't see through it at all. Even if one cultivated to Dao Realm Transformation 15 Heaven Eye Hanging Space and could see into the ground, one wouldn't be able to notice anything. This was just one of the Jing family's bases.

The Jing Clan had dozens of such bases in Jingzhou, and it was unknown how much wealth they had accumulated. These were the foundations of a rebellion.

"I only need to bring three hundred clan warriors, and I'll be able to destroy the thirty thousand strong army and slaughter them all."

Jing Xing was very excited. "Master, you have planned for so long and you are finally going to act. From now on, I order the Jing Family to rule the world again and change the dynasty."

"Master's strength is enough to support our Jing Family to occupy half of the country. Moreover, once we succeed, we will kill Jingxian Si and obtain treasures. We will be able to fight against gods. At that time, swallowing the God Province won't be a problem."

As Jing Fanxing spoke, he looked at the belly of the mountain, "What a pity. Our Jing Family has worked so hard, but the Family Head can only find wild mountains and open up a mountain. The other Saint Aristocratic Families have opened up their grotto-heavens in the depths of the space current. It is thousands of times more convenient for them to train disciples than our Jing Family. " Having one's own grotto-heavens was the foundation of a Saint Family. Moreover, the grotto-heavens could gather faith power to become strong.

The disciples of Saint Aristocratic Families would have to conduct family sacrifices and worship their ancestors. This was also to accumulate strength for the grotto-heavens. The Jing Family lacked this. This was why Jing Qiu wanted to plot for the Common People's Wish Ball.

This was because even if Jing Qiu became a god and opened up a grotto-heaven in the space current, it would still be very unstable. It could be destroyed at any time. Moreover, it was just an ordinary space. There was nothing in it. Disciples might as well cultivate in the real world instead of training in it.

Those storage rings, bracelets, and bracelets could only be called storage spaces. They could not be called grotto-heavens.

The so-called grotto-heavens and blessed lands had to have a stable Heaven and Earth cycle, forming a small world of its own.

This required thousands of years of nurturing, generations of painstaking management, and even more marvelous methods.

Jingxian Si had obtained the Book of Heavenly Demons, which contained the Primordial World evolved from many ancient Demon Sages. It was extremely stable. Jing Qiu naturally coveted it.

"Alright, let's not talk too much. All of you know Master's plan.

Here are five Dragon Creation Pills. Consume them. "After hesitating for a moment, Jing Fanxing took out the Dragon Creation Pills.

But just as he handed them to the five, the Dragon Creation Pills seemed to come to life. They suddenly broke free from his control and entered the hands of another person. This person was Gu Chensha.

He really did transform into a Chensha, then reverted to his normal size and appeared in the belly of the mountain.

Even though the mountain was heavily protected by formations created by Jing Qiu, they could not stop him. After all, formations were formations, and Jing Qiu was himself.

Moreover, the mountain itself was made of ordinary materials, so the power of the formations created were limited. At most, they could only be used to deceive others.

"Gu Chensha!" Jing Fanxing was shocked.

"That's right. It's me."

Gu Chensha looked around the huge mountain that was dozens of kilometers wide. There were close to ten thousand Jing Clan disciples. "Very good. Jing Qiu has put in a lot of effort for his own ambitions. But he wants to rely on these three people to take over the world? He's too delusional."

Gu Chensha understood the overall strength of the Jing Family like the back of his hand. The strongest was naturally Jing Qiu, and next was Jing Fanxing.

There was also Grand Elder Jing Yunhuang at Dao Realm Transformation 13, Jing Yunqi at Dao Realm Transformation 9, and 20 to 30 others who had reached Dao Realm.

Overall, if one didn't consider Jing Qiu and Jing Fanxing, the Jing Family would just be a second or third-rate aristocratic family. But with Jing Qiu, they were close to a Saint aristocratic family.

A supreme person at Dao Realm Transformation 25 Undying Body could live for another two to three thousand years. That level of terror was indescribable. However, at this moment, all of his schemes had vanished into thin air.

If Jing Qiu waited a few decades before attacking, the Jing Family's strength would increase by thousands of times.

But at that time, who knew what would happen to the Calm Celestial Department? They were developing so quickly that he couldn't wait any longer.

"Kill!" Seizing this opportunity, Jing Fanxing launched an attack on Gu Chensha.

His body condensed and shrunk. He gathered all his strength at one point and turned into a sword. This sword was still the Xuanmen Demon Descending Sword. But compared to the assassination that day, this sword was much stronger. The sword slashed in front of Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha suddenly attacked and a cage appeared in front of him. This cage was a tetrahedron and was formed from Gu Chensha's Golden Pellet.

Originally, it was really dangerous for the Golden Pellet to leave the body and if one was not careful, it would be snatched away. That day, because of this, Gu Chensha used the Xuanwu to snatch Gu Huo's Golden Pellet. He was sealed in the Sun Moon Altar and suffered a huge loss. But now, Gu Chensha didn't care anymore. He wanted to end the battle quickly.

The Golden Pellet was the strongest treasure. Along with the strength of his body and the endless support of it, Gu Chensha instantly raised his strength to the maximum.

The Gold Core turned into a tetrahedron and trapped Jing Fanxing. Jing Fanxing let out a roar and turned into countless bolts of divine lightning in an attempt to destroy the tetrahedron formed by the Gold Core.

If it was someone else's Golden Pellet, it wouldn't be able to trap a Dao Realm 22 Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth expert. But this was Gu Chensha's Golden Pellet.

The moment Jing Fanxing activated the lightning to explode, the Golden Pellet changed. It wriggled for hundreds of thousands of times and turned into a small Common People's Wish ball that squeezed inwards. Creak!

Jing Fanxing let out a blood-curdling scream as a stream of green blood was squeezed out of his body. Green Dragon Bloodline! Gu Chensha didn't even take a look and just swallowed the Green Dragon Bloodline into his body.

The moment he swallowed it, he felt like his body was filled with the five elements. His bloodline gathered into a giant current that started to change his acupoints and other areas. North Star, Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Xuanwu bloodlines were all gathered. Five Element Saint Blood. And also the Five Seasons God Bloodline. Sun Moon Dragon Blood.

From ancient times until now, these bloodlines were supreme bloodlines that could stand at the pinnacle of the world. Right now, they were all gathered in Gu Chensha's body, slowly being absorbed and refined by his own enlightenment of the Dao.

"Soul Power, extract!" A huge amount of power rose up from within. It surged out from the various acupoints and meridians in his body. It was injected into the Golden Pellet. Gu Chensha's Golden Pellet shone brightly and lit up the entire belly of the mountain.

The belly of the mountain turned into a golden ocean. The light from the Golden Pellet had already turned into a golden liquid.

Jing Fanxing screamed continuously in this Golden Pellet. The vast Soul Power in his body was extracted and infused into the Golden Pellet, increasing its might.

In the end, all of Jing Fanxing's Soul Power was extracted, and he fell to the ground with a bang. He actually survived. However, he became an ordinary mortal with a body of flesh and blood. He was not even comparable to a Martial Warrior. He was completely helpless.

With the Golden Pellet withdrawn, all the Jing Clan disciples in the belly of the mountain seemed to have lost their strength. The Martial Arts that they had bitterly cultivated turned into nothing. Even their talent dropped.

For example, Jing Fanxing was an unparalleled genius in the past. Now, his talent was that of a fool. This was simply an inconceivable method.

When a person cultivated Soul Power, their physical body and Primordial Spirit would merge. Even if they were killed, they could not return to their original state. For example, it was almost impossible to return the dish to its original state after cooking it. However, Gu Chensha did it.