Chapter 244
===========

"That's right. This is the God of Chaos. I am blessed by the gods, and anyone who tries to harm me will be cursed by the gods."

Gu Tanjian's eyes flashed with disdain. "Jing Fanxing, forget you. Even some of the old-timers from the Black Heaven Earth Sect wouldn't be able to do anything to me.

But this time, we're friends, not enemies. This is a letter from Concubine Wu Dangkong. She asked me to give it to you. It's not convenient for her to see you right now, but if you follow our plan, the two of you will be reunited one day. "

As he spoke, Gu Tanjian produced a letter. With a flick of his wrist, the letter fell into Jing Fanxing's hands.

"This kid really is unfathomable."

Jing Fanxing could already tell that Gu Shengjian's cultivation was actually not very strong, but the power behind him was like a mountain and a sea, almost immeasurable. Even though he had seen the aura of some of the old antiques in the Black Heaven Earth Sect, they had not made his heart palpitate and oppress like this.

This letter had been personally written by Concubine Wu Dangkong. After reading it, Jing Fanxing's face was a mixture of sadness and joy. He had no idea what was written inside.

After reading the letter, he clenched his fists, and a flame ignited in his palms. The letter turned to ash, and he regained his composure. "Very good, Gu Tanjian. From now on, we are partners. I hope you don't disappoint me. What do you think of the reincarnated Martial Star? Where is he? " "He's in Wu Zhou City. I just don't know who he is."

Gu Tanjian waved his hand dismissively. "What's the rush? Reincarnated people with the profound mysteries of the stars will only reveal themselves when they awaken. If they don't awaken, no one will be able to tell. Unless you reach the level of a Saint, you'll be able to divine some clues." "No wonder he's been in Wu Zhou City for so long."

Jing Fanxing looked up at the sky. "Do you want to recruit the reincarnated Martial Star as your subordinate, or extract his profound mysteries of the stars for yourself?" "Of course it's to extract the Profound Meaning of Star."

Gu Tanjian chuckled coldly. "I'm going to extract the profundities of the Martial Song Star, and then the Literati Star. Then, I'll gather all seven stars and transform into the Lord of Seven Stars. That way, I'll have the talent to become an innate Saint.

"You need to be careful," Jing Fanxing said. "Since ancient times, the reincarnation of the stars has its own mysteries. Even if someone takes it away, it won't last long. Instead, it'll bring disaster. But since that's the case, I want a piece of the pie. What do you say?

If I can't get the true spirit and profound meaning of Xing Chen's reincarnation, how can I kill Gu Taxian? " "Kill him? Forget about becoming the Lord of Seven Stars, a natural-born Saint.

Even if you collected all the profound mysteries of the stars and became the Lord of the Stars, you still wouldn't be his match. "Gu Shengjian almost laughed involuntarily." You know too little, so the ignorant are fearless. " "I don't believe you."

Jing Fanxing's killing intent surged. Even the waters of the five lakes and four seas couldn't wash away his hatred for stealing his wife. "I must kill Gu Taxian with my own hands, no matter the cost. Please teach me. As long as I can kill him, I'm willing to do anything for you." With that, he bowed to Gu Tanjian.

Gu Tanjian couldn't help but be moved when he saw Jing Fanxing's determination. "This matter depends on the changes in the Heavenly Daos. Seizing the opportunity isn't something you and I can do. But since you're so determined, it shows you're a trustworthy person. In truth, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is using ninety-nine percent of his strength to suppress the Heavenly Daos, the gods, the immortals, and the devils. He can't spare any energy for anything else. Think about it, if he still had the energy, he wouldn't have let your fiancée into his study to preside over state affairs." "What do you mean?" Jing Fanxing asked.

"Haha, are you testing me?"

Gu Tanjian waved his hand. "I know of Wu Dangkong's identity. She presides over the study and the affairs of the entire country. She can alleviate the changes in the Heavenly Daos and reverse the future. But this also means that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor no longer has the ability to completely control the future. He needs to rely on schemes to complete it. He no longer has the power to control everything in his hands. This is his weakness!" "You actually have such a deep insight."

Jing Fanxing was truly convinced. He felt that nothing could be hidden from Gu Tanjian. "This time, I came down the mountain to find opportunities and opportunities to increase my strength. There's no longer any use for me to bitterly cultivate in the sect. The Heavenly Daos are changing and the winds are surging. All sorts of opportunities would appear out of nowhere. This is the era of heroes."

"Obtaining opportunities depends on luck and means." Gu Tanjian continued, "There's an opportunity right now. I wonder if you're willing to cooperate with me?" "What opportunity?" Jing Fanxing asked.

"Do you know of the Book of Heavenly Demon?"

With a wave of Gu Tanjian's hand, many jade tables and benches appeared in the courtyard. He sat down and a teapot appeared on it. A fragrant aroma filled the air. "How about we talk while drinking tea?" Jing Fanxing was no longer in a hurry. He sat down and sipped his tea. "Oh?

This tea is made from Star Velvet Grass after tens of thousands of processes. It's passed down from ancient times. You actually have this tea. " "That's easy."

Gu Tanjian said indifferently, "It's best to use Heavenly Dew to brew this tea. Otherwise, it won't be able to bring out the taste. Just ten minutes of tea is enough to turn a mortal into a martial arts grandmaster." "You mentioned the Book of Heavenly Demon?

I remember that this book fell into the hands of the Nine-Tailed Celestial Fox. She used this book to build a temple, gather faith, and cultivate to a very deep realm. "

As Jing Fanxing sipped his tea, he continued, "This book can refine faith and wish power as resources. It's almost like a god. The content recorded in the book is even more exquisite. If you can obtain this book and master the cultivation technique in it, you can establish a sect that's not inferior to the 72 Mystical Sects of the Immortal Dao." "Not bad, a few days ago, this book appeared."

Gu Tanjian said, "It fell into the hands of two snake monsters who are related to Hu Gu. If you are interested, I can guide you to where they are." "Where are they?"

When Jing Fanxing heard this, he was really interested, "Slaying demons and monsters is the duty of us Celestial Path cultivators. Such a book can't fall into the hands of evil demons. "

"Can't you see anything wrong?" Gu Tanjian pointed at the sky, "Look, what is the difference in the power of the stars outside Wuzhou City?"

Jing Fanxing's brow twitched and his Spiritual Sense reached 100 miles into the sky. Instantly, thousands of miles of land was within the range of his Spiritual Sense. Even thousands of feet underground could be seen clearly. This was the ability of Dao Realm Transformation 15, Heavenly Eye Hanging Space.

Jing Fanxing was someone at Dao Realm Transformation 18 and his soul was really strong. He used a secret technique to observe and seemed to be able to see some things.

"Eh?

In a mountain range in the northwest, there seems to be some star power collapsing, but I can't see anyone cultivating there. If I am not wrong, they should be using some secret technique to hide a place in the mountain. "

Jing Fanxing immediately saw the clues and retracted his Divine Sense. "Could it be that the two snake demons have learned the Sky Demon Secret Technique and are cultivating it here?

How bold, they should hide after getting the Book of Sky Demon. The Endless Land is so wide, they should hide in a corner where no one is and come out after they have cultivated the technique. " "The world is so big, there is nowhere to hide."

Gu Shengjian waved his hand. "These two snake demons are afraid that an undue delay will bring trouble. If they were to look for a place, it would take several months, and it's hard to say what would happen at that time. Who knows, they might be intercepted and killed along the way and end up with nothing. It's better for them to choose a place to hide and cultivate a few spells. That way, they would have the ability to protect themselves. Moreover, this place is where Hu Gu Temple was stationed back then. Who knows, they might even have some fortuitous encounters.

"If those two snake monsters can use the ability of the Book of Sky Demon and form their own space, it will be tough for me to find them."

Jing Fanxing smiled, "Brother Flicking Sword, do you want me to be the vanguard to probe them so that you can reap the benefits?"

"I also want the Book of Sky Demon." Gu Tanjian was direct. Even your Sect Leader wouldn't reject this treasure.

But if you need it, I won't snatch it from you. You can have it, but I want to borrow it to gather the Wish Power of the people to break through. " "It's a deal."

Jing Fanxing said, "Since that's the case, I'll go check it out. According to legend, the 28 Constellations Fiend God Transformation recorded in the Book of Heavenly Demons is a supreme cultivation path that can strengthen one's innate astral energy by twenty-eight times.

"I will wait for Brother Jing's good news." An indiscernible smile appeared in Gu Tanjian's eyes. Jing Fanxing flew up silently and disappeared in the blink of an eye.

Seeing Jing Fanxing leave, Gu Tanjian's expression turned serious, "This child is indeed powerful. A Golden Core expert is indeed a cultivator who stands at the peak. If I can snatch his Golden Core … Unfortunately, behind him is the Black Heaven Earth Sect, and behind the Black Heaven Earth Sect are three Heavenly Venerables. These three Heavenly Venerables are peak Sages, and even gods can't contend against them. I can't attack him and can only borrow his power, but I must obtain the Book of Sky Demon.

In fact, the most mysterious method of the Book of Sky Demon is to gather all the demons in the world to pray in the Sky Demon Kingdom in the book. Every demon gathered will strengthen the power of the book. And the owner of the book will also strengthen. " At this time, Jing Fanxing had also flown above the mountain range hundreds of kilometers away.

He sneered, "This Gu Tanjian's cultivation is far inferior to mine, but he has a mysterious power behind him that is far beyond my reach. This child is sinister and cunning, and he can't be trusted. Cooperating with him is simply asking a tiger for its skin, but I am also confident that I can seize your power." The two of them were scheming against each other, each with their own plans.

Jing Fanxing looked at a mountain peak in the mountain range below. It looked like a barren mountain forest with lush trees, jagged rocks, and flowing mountain springs. It was desolate and uninhabited, and no one could tell that anyone was cultivating there.

But what kind of cultivation level was he? A Golden Core Great Dao expert was a top-notch figure even in the Black Heaven Earth Sect. He immediately knew that someone had used a powerful demonic art to deceive the entire mountain peak.

"Black Heaven Earth Sect, change!"

Behind him, Connate Stellar Qi appeared. It first condensed into many talismans, and then the talismans and talismans combined to form a small door. The top of the door was clear, and the bottom was murky, symbolizing heaven and earth.