Chapter 681
===========

"The Lord of the Sun and Moon has already been born. However, even I can't predict where he is. I can only observe the sky to see if there are any clues. However, you can patrol around. Maybe you will be fated to meet him." The Warlock Saint observed again.

"Lord Dharma Saint, I feel that even the Celestial Tranquility Department has formed an alliance with the Universe Mystic Sect, Taiyi Mystic Sect, and Heavenly Dance Mystic Sect, but we are still hesitating. What are they thinking?"

Fa Wuxian's face turned cold, "Especially the Wu Clan. The dead Martial Emperor actually regained the throne, and his cultivation base is unfathomable. Even King Wu Yu and the other old fellows have completely surrendered to him. Wu Dangkong's control over the Martial Saint Cave has been taken away, and Martial Emperor doesn't listen to our arrangements. The other aristocratic families are also paying lip service to us.

On one hand, they are flirting with Wan Senshi, but on the other hand, they are pretending to be courteous to us. What a fence-sitter. "

"Originally, Martial Emperor's cultivation base was taken away by the Celestial Tranquility Department, and even his Divergent Heart was taken away to be refined into the foundation of the Common People's Wish Sphere."

Dharma Saint seemed to know everything, "However, Wan Senshi created Martial Emperor at all costs. He even used the First Emperor's Seal, Emperor's Life Talisman, King's Life Flag, General's Life Sword, and Human Master's Saber, the five supreme Xiantian treasures. Especially the First Emperor's Seal, which was the first Emperor's Qi produced in the chaos explosion. The so-called Emperor's Qi is the true meaning of managing the order of all living beings. Other than that, Wan Senshi used his own supreme Xuan Qi to wash away the karma and vanity of Martial Emperor's past, leaving only a bit of vitality in the depths of his heart.

Thus, Martial Emperor's cultivation base completely recovered, and he condensed the Divergent Heart once again. Furthermore, he improved even further.

Now that so long has passed, Martial Emperor has cultivated hard and obtained some miraculous encounters. If I am not wrong, he might have cultivated to the 35th transformation of the Dao Realm, Chaos Dust, or even the 36th transformation of the Embodiment Transformation. " "So powerful?" Fa Wuxian shuddered. "Isn't that another Chang Weiyang?

The Martial Emperor was originally a figure who could turn the world upside down. He had created an era. In the tens of thousands of years of the Divine Continent's history, apart from the Imperial Court's Gu Taxian, the Great Wu Dynasty that he created was the most powerful and prosperous. Thus, the Martial Emperor enjoyed a great deal of luck. " "Martial Emperors have made great contributions to the Divine Land."

The Dharma Saint said, "Because of this, he survived two tribulations. Since he is supported by Wan Senshi, and his cultivation has reached the pinnacle, he naturally wants to establish his own sect. Now that he has the complete control of the Martial Saint's Abode, why would he come to me and form an alliance with me?

As for the other aristocratic clans, when they see that the Wu Clan isn't willing, they will act on their own and want to obtain benefits from me and Wan Senshi. These people are truly shrewd. " "Then how are we going to suppress the various aristocratic clans?"

Fa Wuxian was still a little anxious. "The Celestial Calming Department has already controlled the three great mystical sects and is still recruiting allies. Every day that passes, the world's population will increase by a lot, and the Celestial Calming Department's luck will also explode. If we don't make a move to split up the world, after another eight to ten years, after the Celestial Calming Department stabilizes, our Legalism will still be suppressed. The world's luck is just like a raging fire, and we mustn't give the Celestial Calming Department any more time." "I know about this too."

How could the Dharma Saint not understand? "But now, putting aside the fact that Wan Senshi is holding us back, there is still the Heavenly Craft Institution in the imperial court. There is someone who is on the same level as Wan Senshi, and that is the Celestial Master. When I fight with the Celestial Calming Department, these people will just stand by and watch. Then, when both sides are injured, they will come out to take advantage of us.

"Could it be that these people are just going to watch as the Celestial Calming Department grows stronger?"

Fa Wuxian said, "The stronger my cultivation, the clearer I can see the general situation of the world. The Celestial Calming Department governs the country, paying attention to the flow of talents and resources, and developing transportation. Their luck is getting more and more prosperous. As they expand their territory, if they can build transportation formations, the world's luck will reach a whole new realm. When that time comes, I'm afraid we will be at a complete disadvantage. "

The world was now extremely stable. As the disciples of the Common People's Wish Academy increased in number, they became more and more tyrannical. They had completely controlled the various basic levels of the prefectures, provinces, prefectures, counties, towns, villages, and so on. Furthermore, the roads were now well-developed. Not only were the waterways accessible, railroads were also being built everywhere. Other than that, huge flying ships were also flying in the sky endlessly. Compared to before, transportation was many times better.

Transportation was the circulation of a country's blood. The more developed it was, the faster the flow of talents and resources would be, and the more prosperous the country would be.

Right now, the Celestial Calming Department could be said to have reached the pinnacle. Their next step was to start building transportation gates, allowing people to travel from all over the world in an instant.

"You're right, but building transportation gates all over the world isn't something that those little fellows from the Celestial Calming Department can do."

Dharma Saint said, "At the very least, they need several Empyrean level masters to oversee their dimensional realms. Only then will they have an endless supply of strength.

Right now, they're just guarding their dimensional realm's treasure mountain, not knowing how to use it. How laughable. " "Is Lord Dharma Saint waiting for the battle between Chang Weiyang and Dou Yiyu?"

Fa Wuxian said, "If Chang Weiyang breaks through to the Empyrean realm and returns, then the Celestial Calming Department will naturally be incomparably prosperous. I'm afraid we'll have to retreat and come up with a new plan. If Chang Weiyang is defeated or dies, then we can use many hidden chess pieces to cause the Celestial Calming Department to collapse."

"It's not just me. Many major forces are waiting for the final result of this matter," Dharma Saint said. "I believe that it won't be long before the results of their battle are out.

It's already the 30th year of the Heavenly Talisman. In the Land of Infinity, 36 is the supreme ruler. The highest level of the Dao Realm is also the 36 Transformations, or Embodiment Transformation. So, I think that the fate of the Great Yongchō will be very difficult for 36 years. By that time, the world will have changed greatly. For us, six years is just the blink of an eye. "

"However …" Fa Wuxian's expression was somewhat anxious. "I don't know to what extent the Celestial Calming Department will grow in six years. After all, they control the world. Even if our Legalism forms a dimensional realm, the fate we obtain will still be far inferior to theirs."

"You know this, but Wan Senshi, Immortal Master, and many other existences don't know this?" Dharma Saint said. "If we wait and see, we'll definitely gain something. If we make the first move, others will have an opportunity to take advantage of us.

The most important thing right now is to annex those aristocratic families one by one, such as the Lei Family, the Fan Family, the Heng Family, and so on. All aristocratic families with Minor Chiliocosms must come under our control. " "Yes!

This time, I've become a God because I want to do this for Lord Dharma Saint. "Fa Wuxian had many plans in mind.

"You've become a God, and your fate has increased as well. You have a lot of choices for your future. You should roam the Divine Central Continent and recruit some existences with great fate themselves. You should establish an organization to fight against the Celestial Calming Department.

Given your methods, how can you not be a match for the disciples of the Common People's Wish Academy and the General of All People? As far as I know, Zhuge Ya has already started doing this long ago, "Dharma Saint said.

"If that's the case," Fa Wuxian said, "then I'll just have to fight it out with Zhuge Ya. The world is changing, and people with great destiny are emerging one after another. If the Celestial Calming Department takes them all in, will we even have a share?"

With that, he clasped his hands, then left the Secondary Chiliocosm and headed back to the Divine Central Continent.

At the same time, in the old capital of the Divine Central Continent, there was a mansion that belonged to the Celestial Calming Department. Zhuge Ya was drinking tea and playing chess with someone else. This person was a young man with an elegant demeanor. He was none other than Ling Shaofei. Clack!

As soon as Zhuge Ya made his move, he locked down Ling Shaofei's chess game. No matter how Ling Shaofei thought about it, he couldn't think of a way out. In the end, he could only concede defeat.

"The Lord of Seven Stars really is the Lord of Seven Stars. We competed in the four arts, the four arts, the four arts, the way of governance, and the way of the world. I lost eighteen times in a row. I'm completely convinced." Ling Shaofei rose to his feet. "It seems that the Celestial Calming Department is truly worthy of my support. I'll join the Celestial Calming Department right away. " "Good!"

A smile finally appeared on Zhuge Ya's face. "With Shaofei's help, the Celestial Calming Department will be like a tiger that has grown wings."

"Not at all, not at all. The directors of the Celestial Calming Department are all talented and bold, especially His Highness Prince Gu Chensha. He's capable of calming heaven and earth, suppressing the primordial chaos, protecting the divine continent, and uprooting the four seas. There's no way I can compare to him."

Ling Shaofei hurriedly said, "I actually admire the ideals of the Celestial Calming Department. If I can join them and do something for the common people and humanity, then my life won't be in vain." "Shaofei, if you think like that, you'll definitely have great luck."

Zhuge Ya sighed in praise. "We've all come together because of the same ideals. We're definitely not tied together by profit. Since Shaofei wants to join us, then you're one of us. Now, I'll take you to the Secondary Chiliocosm."

Ling Shaofei's expression was solemn as he clasped his hands and said, "I'm willing to follow your orders." The Celestial Calming Department had gained another crucial talent.

Originally, Ling Shaofei had been targeted by Dou Yiyu, so there was no way he could have survived. However, Dou Yiyu had been challenged by Chang Weiyang, so he had no time to care about Ling Shaofei. Thus, he was immediately recruited by Zhuge Ya and became a member of the Celestial Calming Department.

Ling Shaofei himself was very powerful, and he had many fortuitous encounters. His cultivation speed was also very fast, and he would advance to the Divine level sooner or later. After the Celestial Calming Department gained him, it would be no less than gaining a big shot like Jin Suibo. Just like that, one's strength was accumulated bit by bit. Of course, Zhuge Ya's gains were still inferior to Gu Chensha's.