Chapter 375
===========

The Dao that Fa Wuxian comprehended was the Battle Dao. He was best at fighting and he wanted to become a Battle Saint.

During the fight for Buzhou Palace, he had used the Battle Word when he fought with Lou Baiyue. But at that time, his realm wasn't high and he hadn't cultivated his Dharmic powers. The Battle Word that he used was a transformation of his Yuan Shen and Earth Energy and its strength was far from what it was now.

Now, he was at the 22 Changes of Dao Realm, Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth. He could transform into anything in the world and the Battle Word that he formed was the essence of battle.

The large "Dou" character suddenly released a bright light. Boundless killing intent and battle Qi stirred up the will of countless battles and battles that had occurred since ancient times.

He seemed to have obtained the support of the battle energy of heaven and earth and was fighting back.

"You want to run out? How is that possible?

Today, I will let you know that it is easy for a Natural Saint to fall and it isn't always smooth sailing. Since ancient times, there have been Natural Saints who have fallen. "

Jing Qiu was prepared for Fa Wuxian's counterattack. Even Gu Chensha could guess that Fa Wuxian would counterattack, so how could Jing Qiu not? Kill!

Jing Qiu's hands changed once more and the 36 clones merged into one. His body instantly turned into a gourd. This gourd contained Connate Killing Energy.

"Celestial Slaying God Flying Knife!"

Gu Chensha was shocked. Jing Qiu's transformation had turned himself into the top killing weapon in the world. This meant that Jing Qiu had comprehended this treasure before.

At this moment, the treasure was in the hands of the three Heaven Venerables and even they couldn't casually use it. Otherwise, they would suffer the backlash of the Connate Killing Energy and it would be hard to control.

Although Gu Chensha had comprehended this treasure, it was condensed from the Heavenly Demon Tree and not the real thing. It was just a replica and couldn't be compared to the real thing.

As for the gourd that Jing Qiu had transformed into, its aura and killing intent far surpassed that of the treasure condensed on the Heavenly Demon Tree. From this, it could be seen that he had likely made a deal with the three Empyreans and seen the true treasure. Then, after perceiving its mysteries, he was able to comprehend this transformation.

After the Dao Realm 22 Transformations, Astronomical Phenomenon, one could transform one's body into various treasures of varying strength.

As for the treasure that Jing Qiu had transformed into, there was no doubt that its offensive power was the greatest. His intention to kill Fa Wuxian was aroused.

Gu Chensha was well-versed in the secret of this treasure and knew that every time he used this treasure transformation, he would consume a lot of essence energy. It would even affect his cultivation greatly.

At this moment, Fa Wuxian counterattacked and Jing Qiu used this transformation to break his sharpness. As long as his sharpness was broken, Fa Wuxian would no longer have the ability to counterattack and would be captured and killed. Weng!

A flying knife appeared from the gourd that Jing Qiu had transformed into and slashed at the 'Fighting' word. Kill!

Both of their powers gathered together and a huge storm appeared in the Yuan Gu Celestial Domain. Then, the Celestial Domain couldn't take it anymore and started to explode.

The Celestial Domain cracked open and countless purple crystal shards fell into the ocean. Some even scattered and merged into the air. This was the scene of celestial energy shattering and the battle between immortals and demons.

Gu Chensha finally knew why the battle between immortals and demons would cause all sorts of phenomenons.

For example, when the Celestial Crystals fell into the ocean, the ocean would turn into a dead zone. The celestial energy would brew and poison most living beings to death. Then, it would slowly break down and turn into nourishment for living beings. Many strong beasts would appear in the ocean region. At the start of the Celestial Crystals, even Golden Core Experts would explode after absorbing them.

After the giant explosion, Gu Chensha saw Jing Qiu standing there while Fa Wuxian screamed and fled towards the depths of the ocean. Fa Wuxian sank to the bottom of the ocean.

Jing Qiu did not chase after him. He stood where he was and adjusted his breathing for a moment. Then, his body flashed with light and he recovered his strength. He flew back to his own kingdom. He did not try to kill Fa Wuxian.

"Jing Qiu is amazing." Gu Chensha felt that this person was a Saint. He wasn't a natural-born Saint, but he was better than one.

In that attack, Gu Chensha could see that Fa Wuxian was seriously injured and had barely managed to use a secret technique to escape. Jing Qiu's injury was caused by the transformation of the Immortal Slaying God Flying Knife. Fa Wuxian didn't have the ability to hurt him.

"No wonder Jing Qiu dared to rebel. If Zhuge Ya hadn't appeared, the Celestial Tranquility Department would have been destroyed." Gu Chensha didn't follow Jing Qiu back to the Sama Empire. He decided to find the seriously injured Fa Wuxian.

This person was also a potential threat to the world. He had wanted to kill the Celestial Tranquility Department many times. If he could capture and kill it, he could avoid a great disaster.

As for the reaction of the Legalists, Gu Chensha didn't care. The Common People's Wish Sphere was complete, and he was about to cultivate mana. Zhuge Ya's cultivation was increasing day by day. Even a god couldn't break through the sphere's defense.

The Legalists couldn't do anything to the Celestial Tranquility Department even if they came out in full force.

After Jing Qiu left, Gu Chensha turned into dust and entered the depths of the ocean in search of Fa Wuxian's aura.

Back when he found the place where the head of the Fiercest of the Divine Prefecture was sealed, he didn't care about the pressure of the deep ocean anymore. Now, his cultivation was more than a hundred times stronger than before. He could enter any depths of the ocean without any pressure. Moreover, he could drill into the depths of the rocky crust.

His physical body could change size at will. He could turn into dust and use his Core Qi to drill into the ground without any obstruction.

When he reached the depths of the ocean, Gu Chensha immediately used a technique to calculate. It was the Son of Heaven's God-Conferring Art's Brightness of Sun and Moon. He had already mastered all ten styles of Sun and Moon Shine Together. Sun and Moon Refining, Sun and Moon Transformation, Sun and Moon Slaying, Sun and Moon Dragon, Sun and Moon Talisman, Sun and Moon Sacrifice, Sun and Moon Sky, Sun and Moon God, Sun and Moon Illumination, and Sun and Moon Dao. Among them, the Sun and Moon Illumination was a technique to see. As the saying went, the Sun and Moon Illumination.

The sun and moon hung high in the sky. Since ancient times, nothing could be hidden from the sun and moon.

Gu Chensha activated the Sun and Moon Illumination and sensed the secrets of the sun and moon. With the sun and moon as his eyes, he could observe everything in the Boundless Universe. Even the three Celestial Venerables didn't know this technique.

There were many secrets to the Son of Heaven's God-Conferring Art. Gu Chensha was far from fully comprehending it, just like the Great Massacre God Technique.

Fortunately, when he activated the Sun and Moon Illumination, the Primordial Spirit in his sea of consciousness resonated with the sun and moon in the sky. In an instant, he caught hold of Fa Wuxian's aura and movements.

"Very good, Fa Wuxian, you won't be able to escape this time."

Gu Chensha chased after the aura. Fa Wuxian had a secret technique to escape, and it seemed to be able to hide from some calculations. However, in front of the Sun and Moon Illumination, he couldn't hide it.

Gu Chensha shuttled at the bottom of the ocean at high speed for a full four hours. Finally, he found a mountain range at the bottom of the ocean. He could vaguely sense Fa Wuxian's aura.

The mountain range at the bottom of the ocean was tall and extended, like a continental shelf. The deep trench was unknown for hundreds or thousands of miles, and the bottom couldn't be seen.

The mountain range seemed to have formed a natural formation. Spirit Qi was abundant, and countless demonic beasts resided in it, forming their own territories and nests.

"Another huge piece of jade ore."

Gu Chensha landed in a mountain range and revealed his body, returning to his normal size. He retracted his Core Qi into his body, allowing the seawater pressure to augment his body.

At this moment, he was a hundred miles deep in the ocean. The pressure was even greater than the previous time.

With such immense water pressure directly augmenting his body, any Golden Body would immediately shatter. However, Gu Chensha strolled leisurely and didn't care at all. He reached out and grabbed, and a rock under his feet cracked. He took out a fist-sized piece and discovered that there was some jade in it. However, it wasn't pure jade.

However, this also meant that there was a huge jade ore in this mountain range. It was just that the price to mine it was too high.

If it wasn't for the huge jade ore, there wouldn't be any Spirit Qi gathering in this mountain range.

Fa Wuxian entered the depths of the mountain range to recuperate. He seemed to want to make use of some kind of mountain terrain to recuperate before leaving. He didn't want to return to the School of Legalism. Because he had failed this time, he would lose all face when he returned to the School of Legalism.

Gu Chensha searched carefully and traveled through the mountain range silently. This mountain range was extremely vast, almost the size of the Great Yongchō State. The trenches were even deeper. Even Gu Chensha was afraid and didn't want to go down easily.

Suddenly, at the foot of a mountain range, Gu Chensha felt Fa Wuxian's aura. He didn't dare to act rashly and hid to observe.

He swam at the bottom of the sea with only his physical body and didn't use his Core Qi. This way, it would be difficult for Fa Wuxian to detect him.

"An ancient immortal cave abode!" He looked over and realized that there was a stone door at the foot of the mountain.

In the depths of the stone door was a cave abode. There was an ancient magical power and the aura of a great formation coming from it. Gu Chensha even saw a few words carved on the ancient stone door. They were bird-shaped characters from ancient times, and they were called "Ancient Underworld Underwater Abode". Clearly, this was a cave abode built by ancient immortals at the bottom of the sea.

Many ancient immortals who cultivated to a certain level would like peace and quiet would build abodes in the depths of the sea.

Moreover, there were thousands of times more living creatures and monsters in the underwater mines than on land. Spirit medicines were also extremely abundant, making it more suitable for cultivation.

However, without enough cultivation, it was impossible to build a cave abode at the bottom of the sea.

Even for the current Gu Chensha, it was still very difficult to build a cave abode at the bottom of the sea. Only someone like Jing Qiu could do it.

This Ancient Underworld Underwater Abode was obviously abandoned after the death of its owner. Fa Wuxian found it and took some treasures. Now, he hid himself and used the formation inside to cultivate and recover from his injuries.

Gu Chensha searched through the secrets of the immortal dao and found that there was indeed an immortal called Ancient Underworld thousands of years ago. He appeared during the Era of Martial Emperors, but there weren't many records. Many immortals were unknown to the public.

"Very good, Fa Wuxian is exploring around and there are some secrets. I'll go in and take a look. Now that his injuries are serious, I'm afraid he's not my opponent. I'll take advantage of his illness and take his life." Gu Chensha's body flickered and he hid himself, secretly approaching the entrance of the Ancient Underworld Underwater Abode.