Chapter 208
===========

After Gu Chensha obtained the Sun Moon Talisman and the Sun Moon Sacrificial Rite, he had a great comprehension of his cultivation. He combined the God Sealing Art and the Great Massacre God Art to activate the Dragon's Gate, allowing the Dragon's Gate to unleash its full power.

Although he wasn't at the Demon Swallowing Ghost Eating Realm, the Dragon Gate had the ability to do so.

Originally, the Dragon Gate could swallow Lightning Beast King Lei Wusha's soul and turn it into Dragon Energy to form a Dragon Pellet. If it was formed from the Primordial Dragon Gate, it would be a Dragon Raising Pill.

His Dragon Gate was a fake and was slightly weaker than the Dragon Raising Pill, but it could still make one a genius.

Now that the Dragon Gate refined the Sun Swallowing Baashe Bag, it obtained more Primordial Dragon Gate energy. If it absorbed enough Xiantian Energy and soul, it would be able to form a similar Dragon Raising Pill. Bao Ming 'er wanted as many of such pills as he could get. Of course, Gu Chensha's words were tempting to him.

"You are a good lobbyist."

The atmosphere between him and Bao Ming 'er eased up and they became friends once more. Moreover, after both sides made things clear, their relationship improved and they didn't need to fight with one another anymore.

"I have comprehended the Great Massacre God Technique and used it to form the Dragon Gate. In the future, this Dragon Gate might be able to sense the true Primordial Dragon Gate. At that time, it might even be able to absorb energy from the true Primordial Dragon Gate to nourish my small Dragon Gate."

Gu Chensha knew how amazing the Great Massacre God Technique was. As long as he comprehended it, he would be able to open numerous doors and find the depths of space and the true secrets of the thousands of dimensions.

As long as he cultivated the Great Massacre God Technique to the extreme, he would be able to find the Primordial Dragon Gate.

"What you mean is that the Dragon Gate will continue to grow in the future?" Bao Ming 'er stared at Gu Chensha's dantian like he was trying to see through it.

"Of course."

Only then did Gu Chensha sit down, "There are many talents in Ten Thousand Treasure Mysterious Sect. Sister can poach some of them and make them your subordinates to refine treasures in my land. We can buy all sorts of materials to refine treasures and earn tens of times the profit. This is a huge piece of meat."

"I don't think we can compare to the Celestial Designer Institute when it comes to forging magical treasures."

Bao Ming 'er said, "For example, the Horned Dragon Armor, the White Tiger Adamantine Battle Blade, and the Douzhan Wine are all good stuff. Our Myriad Treasures Mysterious Gate doesn't have the secret to it."

"The Heavenly Craftsman Institute's artifact refining arts are indeed terrifying, and the techniques involved are very difficult to learn." Gu Chensha frowned. "But they might not be able to control the entire market. We also have a chance. " "I can give it a try."

Bao Ming 'er said, "Since you and I are working together, we must create a situation. As for the matter of the Myriad Treasures Mysterious Gate, I will settle it."

"If that's the case, then it's a deal. I'll first hide my identity and go to the Precious Jade Nation to settle this matter. The Precious Jade Nation must offer amnesty."

Gu Chensha and Bao Ming 'er discussed the plan for a while. Then, they got up and activated the Sun and Moon Glyph to hide their bodies. There was no trace of their aura at all.

The Sun and Moon Talisman used runes to communicate with some kind of law in the unseen world, thus harmonizing with heaven and earth. The rune that Gu Chensha had just drawn was an Invisibility Talisman.

The Invisibility Talisman was extremely common among spells. It was used to restrain one's aura and confuse the enemy's vision, making them invisible.

The principle was to use various medicines to exchange for each other, draw them on the talisman, and then burn them to form airflow to create a camouflage.

Gu Chensha's King Dragon Armor had fused with the Dragon Transformation Liquid. The Dragon Transformation Liquid contained the blood of the Illusionary Snake King, which was an expert in invisibility. Therefore, the King Dragon Armor's invisibility ability was extremely tyrannical.

But compared to the Invisibility Talisman of the Sun and Moon Talisman, this kind of invisibility ability was like a shrimp meeting a giant whale.

The Invisibility Talisman of the Sun and Moon Talisman used one's Innate Gang Qi to outline runes, constantly communicating with heaven and earth. In the unseen world, it used the power of the heaven and earth's magnetic field to create a kind of resonance, causing the spirit to be completely in the state of being one with heaven and earth. A person's aura blended into heaven and earth, not only would it disappear from sight, but it would also completely disappear from the spiritual perception of experts.

In addition, the Sun and Moon Talisman had various other changes, such as the Spirit Gathering Talisman.

When Gu Chensha drew a rune, the rune would automatically absorb Spirit Qi and turn it into spirit liquid. This was the effect of the Heavenly Dragon Spirit-Gathering Flags. In other words, he could create the Heavenly Dragon Spirit-Gathering Flags himself.

There were also the Strength Talisman, Water Trap Talisman, Fire Trap Talisman, Alchemy Talisman, Treasure Seeking Talisman, Flying Talisman, Armor Talisman, Divine General Talisman, Enlightenment Talisman, Lost Talisman … all kinds of strange talismans.

The so-called talismans were the representation of the laws of heaven and earth in the form of images. The Heaven Sacrifice Talisman was the same.

With Gu Chensha's current cultivation, he could use the Sun and Moon Talisman as soon as he obtained it.

Of course, there were some talismans that he still couldn't use. For example, the Spirit Exorcism Talisman, which could control gods. It could make gods descend to the mortal world and walk in the mortal world as his servants. The ancient Emperors could have such divine power.

Right now, Gu Chensha's cultivation was still very low and couldn't compare to the ancient Emperors. Fortunately, after he started to understand the Sun and Moon Talisman and the Sun and Moon Sacrifice, his Connate Gang Qi became more varied and could greatly improve his combat ability.

"So powerful."

Bao Ming 'er saw Gu Chensha's body flicker, and he immediately hid himself. It was as if he had never been there. She couldn't help but be shocked. "I hid my power, but even if I used my full cultivation base, I couldn't find his invisibility art. How long has it been?

His cultivation has actually risen to this level. Even with the Dragon's Gate, it can't be like this. Or rather, even if he was an unparalleled genius, his cultivation speed couldn't be this fast. Moreover, he's just a genius. This is abnormal. " Bao Ming 'er was deep in thought. She was thinking about how to cooperate with Gu Chensha.

Since Gu Chensha knew that she was the Dragon Lord of the Great Wei Dynasty, and he had expressed that he wouldn't be enemies with her, but instead would cooperate for mutual benefit, then she would fight for the greatest benefits. There was no benefit in falling out with Gu Chensha now, and it was extremely dangerous.

Moreover, Bao Ming 'er could also see these changes. Gu Chensha had a gentle personality, but he was definitely not stupid. On the contrary, he was meticulous, scheming before taking action. He was meticulous in all aspects and did not reveal anything. He was a powerful person. Even if Bao Ming' er schemed in secret, she might not be able to win against him.

"This kid is hard to deal with, but if we cooperate, we can indeed gain great benefits."

Bao Ming 'er stood up and looked at the castle in the distance that was completely covered in purple qi. Then, she looked into the depths of the ground. The veins were like a maze, and no one knew how deep they were. The killing formation continued to condense, and with each passing day, the castle became more stable. That was the Black Tortoise's painstaking efforts to build its nest.

The Black Tortoise was one of the Four Divine Beasts. It was born with the Law of Water, and it was also born with a Saint Body. Once it hatched, it would have earth-shattering power. Other than that, it grew stronger with each passing day.

Now, it hid underground and built its nest. Even an expert many times stronger than it would find it extremely difficult to kill it. As long as it was given enough time, it would be even more terrifying than a god. With the help of the Black Tortoise, Gu Chensha's power was practically unshakable.

"Unless an extremely strong existence makes a move, they can capture the young Black Tortoise. But this is the imperial court's territory. Those strong people, like Li Wanlong, avoid angering the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, so this Black Tortoise can survive the most dangerous period of its childhood."

Bao Ming 'er actually eyed the Black Tortoise covetously in the depths of her heart. The half-hatched Black Tortoise was the easiest to snatch. Of course, the young Black Tortoise was also the best treasure to a true expert. Gu Chensha flew rapidly in the air.

He used the King Dragon Armor's ability to draw Invisibility Talismans, Flying Talismans, and Spirit Gathering Talismans on the armor.

Immediately, the King Dragon Armor's ability to absorb Spiritual Qi increased tremendously. It continued to absorb Spiritual Qi silently. Not only that, but the armor's flying speed also increased many times.

After familiarizing himself with the Sun and Moon Talismans, Gu Chensha's understanding of forging weapons increased greatly. As he flew, he refined the King Dragon Armor again and activated all sorts of abilities.

This armor was originally made of very good materials. It had been dipped in the Dragon Transformation Liquid, fused with the Heavenly Demon Relic shard, obtained the scales of the Ancient King Dragon, and even received the nourishment of the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood for many days.

After Gu Chensha refined it again with the Sun and Moon Talismans, the armor could change at will. It had a very strong spirituality and self-cultivation ability. The acupoints in its body were opened one by one, and it gradually gained the various internal shapes of a human body.

Gu Chensha once again injected the Ten Thousand Miles Flying Cloud Escape into it, causing the armor's speed to increase even more. If it showed its body, one could only see a black line flashing across the sky.

At the same time, Gu Chensha refined the Demon Subduing Blade again. He injected Demon Subduing Talismans, Alchemy Talismans, Exorcism Talismans, and Annihilation Talismans on it. This Demon Subduing Blade was beginning to truly evolve into an Ancient Divine Weapon.

The sword, the armor, and the three treasures of the Dragon Gate were all refined by him. The three treasures complemented each other, and it was extremely smooth when used. As he flew, Gu Chensha calculated his martial arts. He only felt that his spirit was soaring, and it was enough to compete with anyone of the younger generation.

He circulated his martial arts with all his might, forcefully opening his acupoints to absorb Spirit Qi. His entire body breathed in and out, and a spirit fire was born. This was another attempt to break through to the Samadhi True Fire realm.

He had already sent a message to Frost Jade Dew and Long Yuyun, telling them to stay put and wait for him to come.

His movement technique changed continuously in the air. After a full two hours, he actually rushed from the Savage Fiefdom to the seaside.

Back then, his cultivation was still shallow, and it took him a few days and nights to fly to the seaside. But now, his cultivation was more than a hundred times stronger than it was back then, and his speed was far from what it was back then.

He had long locked onto Frost Jade Dew and Long Yuyun's location. They were at a port by the seaside, and there was a fleet anchored there. It had not moved yet, quietly waiting for orders.

The leading ship was like a huge shark. It was pitch-black, and it gave off the aura of an ancient prehistoric sea beast.