Chapter 832
===========

One Second Remember 09, to provide you with exciting reading. Chapter 829: True God Breaking the Seal

Many True Gods broke the seal and entered the Dragon Gate of Primitive Desolation. Then, they disappeared. This was the method of Heavenly King Jin. Gu Chensha couldn't help but say, "Amazing."

But out of the thousands of True Gods, there were two that Gu Chensha was worried about. One was God Maha and the other was the Chaotic Demon God Ape.

In the dream world, Gu Chensha obtained the Human Transformation Scripture from the Chaotic Demon God Ape.

The Chaotic Demon God Ape actually comprehended the highest theory of turning everything into a human and was able to turn the Monster Race into a human. Not a human, but a human form.

When the Monster Race reached the Heavenly Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth, they could completely transform their bodies into humans. But that was just their outer appearance. Their inner nature was still that of a demon. Even if the Monster Race became a god, a saint, or even a celestial lord, they would still be demons. They wouldn't be able to have human nature.

However, the Demonic Ape of Chaos actually broke through this unprecedented rule and was able to transform the demon race into a human being. It could be seen that this ape was extremely intelligent. In the unseen world, it had a supreme and invincible destiny. Moreover, Gu Chensha knew about the future.

After the Heaven Court was built, the Chaotic Demon God Ape's cultivation would increase and he would have a fortuitous encounter. In the end, he would unify the Monster Race and become the true ruler of billions of Monster Race. His cultivation would exceed Heaven King's. In the distant future, the Chaotic Demon God Ape would actually attack the Heaven Court and try to snatch the position of Emperor Heaven. The war dragged on for many years and after many years, the Chaotic Demon God Ape was suppressed. This was the history of the future. Of course, the present had changed and the future probably wouldn't exist anymore.

But Gu Chensha knew that the Chaotic Demon God Ape had huge potential. In the chaotic era when the Heaven Court was built, he would be able to obtain huge benefits. In the future, he would be able to lead the Monster Race to fight against the Heaven Court. Now that Heaven King Jin had gotten this ape, it was like adding wings to a tiger.

As for God Mahākāśyapa, after the Heavenly Court was established in the future, he would also become a vassal and the true ruler of the Devil World.

These were all calculations in the distant future. Only Gu Chensha could see so far ahead. Even the Heavenly Kings of Jin and the Sun-Moon Lords might not be able to calculate this.

"I killed the Demonic Ape of Chaos in the dream world because he didn't have a fortuitous encounter. In the real world, the Demonic Ape of Chaos is sealed. Now that he's out, his cultivation will probably improve by leaps and bounds." Gu Chensha stopped calculating. "The Heavenly King of Jin has formed another powerful force.

Heavenly King Jin himself, the Prehistoric Old Man, The Great Spirit God, and thousands of True Gods. They also contacted the Great Burning Heavenly King and even poached people from the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha's faction. They instigated the rebellion of many Great Thousand World Lords, and all of them were Heavenly Venerables. In this way, even I can't easily suppress it. "

If it was just the Heavenly King of Jin, Gu Chensha could suppress it. It wouldn't matter even if he had the Prehistoric Dragon Gate, a Heaven Primordial Realm treasure. But with thousands of True Gods, it was a completely different story.

The sacrificial power of a True God was extremely pure and terrifying. It wasn't any weaker than a Heavenly Venerable's. Since ancient times, there hadn't been any big shots that allowed a True God to worship themselves. Usually, it was the True Gods who spread their faith and let the people worship themselves. The True Gods only worshipped the Heavenly Dao and the Emperor Of Heaven.

The reason why the Celestial Tranquility Department was so ferocious and its sacrificial power was so vast was because of the four Heavenly Venerables — Chang Weiyang, the Martial Sage, the King of Common Life, and Dou Yiyu. There was also the Longevity God, who controlled the three True God positions. His sacrificial power was boundless, like a heavenly waterfall, sparkling and sparkling. It contained some exquisite spirit force that even Sages didn't have. Its quality wasn't inferior to a Heavenly Venerable's.

Other than that, the Celestial Tranquility Department also had the Gods of the Five Seasons. Their sacrificial power was also a great supplement to the Little Hongmeng Tree.

'Emperor Father sealed many True Gods and Evil Gods. They were all conferred by the ancient Heavenly Sons and possessed the True God positions. I've calculated that there are close to 3,000 of them.

If I can obtain the loyalty of all these True Gods and obtain their sacrificial power, I'll be able to break through the layers of obstacles and become a Heavenly Venerable in a short time. '

Gu Chensha thought, 'And after the Gate Jin Heavenly King obtained these True Gods, he would worship them in the Raging Desolate Dragon Gate. Not only would the Raging Desolate Dragon Gate recover all its strength, but it would also evolve and become even more powerful. It would be difficult for me to suppress it. Luckily, I've subdued the Punisher Heavenly King. The purity and grandeur of his sacrificial power is above that of a True God.

It's just that Gu Xingjian's strength is still a little weak. If he was at the Heaven Longevity Realm, like the Grand Infernal Heavenly King, the sacrificial power I obtained would increase by a thousand times. '

Gu Xingjian had just been born and was modified by Gu Chensha, becoming a Deity expert. However, compared to a Heavenly Venerable or Heaven Longevity Realm expert, the difference was like heaven and earth.

'It seems like the Gate Jin Heavenly King isn't that easy to subdue. Above the Gate Jin Heavenly King is the Wisdom Heavenly King. This Heavenly King is even more powerful.

If he comes out and colludes with the Gate Jin Heavenly King to welcome the Emperor Of Heaven, then I'll be in real danger. 'Gu Chensha felt the impending danger. His spirit flickered, wanting to find a foolproof plan. In the ancient starry sky. Huge ancient stars rotated, drawing out eternal trajectories in space.

Every single one of these ancient stars was a huge world. Some of them were slightly smaller, they were medium-sized worlds, and some were boundless worlds. However, they were different from other worlds. Every single one of them was surging with star power. They were affected by the origin of the Heaven Realm, and they splashed light, heat, and various types of energy onto the earth and the infinite space. In the depths of the densely packed starry sky, a door was faintly discernible, without any aura. This was the Raging Desolate Dragon Gate.

In the depths of the Raging Desolate Dragon Gate, there were thousands of True Gods who had been conferred the title of True Gods since ancient times. These True Gods all revolved around a youth at the core of the Dragon Gate.

This youth had an ordinary appearance. If he was thrown into a crowd, it would be impossible to pick him out. There was nothing special about him, he was extremely ordinary.

However, when the thousands of True Gods saw this youth, they all looked at him with reverence and didn't dare to act rashly. Even God Maha didn't show any signs of resistance.

The Chaotic Demonic Ape had the appearance of a Confucian scholar. There was no demonic qi on him, but his every move was respected by many Monster Gods. Even the Sun Devouring Bashe, the Hell Serpent, the Wolf God, the Tiger God, and the others considered him the backbone. However, the Chaotic Demonic Ape was also willing to listen to this youth's orders.

Clearly, this ordinary youth was the Gate Jin Heavenly King, the person who would control the Heavenly Court's door in the future.

"Everyone, the world has changed. I didn't save you, but the Heavenly Dao broke Gu Taxian's seal. I found an opportunity to bring you out," the Gate Jin Heavenly King said, "The Great Spirit God, am I right?" "Yes."

The Great Spirit God also sat on the throne of a True God. He appeared very obedient, and Old Man Desolation sat next to him.

"I didn't expect the world's greatest tribulation to begin. The Age of Chaos will eventually end, and the myriad worlds and countless Multiverses will welcome order."

God Maha said, "Lord Heavenly King of Jin, your appearance means that the Celestial Thearch is about to appear. We're willing to submit to the Celestial Thearch and establish great merits." "That's what I think too," the Chaotic Demonic Ape said.

"Damn the Celestial Tranquility Department, they actually caused the descendants of my Lei Family to fall. I swear I'm not a True God if I don't destroy the Celestial Tranquility Department!" The Thunder God flew into a rage, causing countless lightning bolts to explode around him. The Thunder God's descendants were originally from the Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha's faction.

However, they later disrespected the Regal Emperor's golden token, causing the two brothers, Thunder Extreme Source and Thunder Extreme Blood, to kneel in the palace square.

After the Celestial Tranquility Department repeatedly attacked the Lei Family, the Lei Family was completely destroyed and lost its former glory.

The Celestial Tranquility Department didn't want to go overboard. Otherwise, the Lei Family would have been destroyed long ago.

"Our Hong Family has also been suppressed to the point of losing its destiny," a True God surrounded by black water said. He was the Black Sovereign, also known as the Water God. His family was the Hong Family.

The Eighteenth Prince Gu Hongsha was the result of the marriage between the Hong Family and the Gu Family.

"You are all True Gods now. Good or evil, you can't fight anymore."

The Celestial Tranquility Department's ordinary youth said, "You have committed many sins in the past, but the new era has come. If you can help establish the Heavenly Court and gain merit in front of the Emperor Heaven, you will benefit greatly in the future. Don't you agree, Great Blazing Heavenly King? "

At this time, Great Blazing Heavenly King Xiao Yan appeared beside the Celestial Tranquility Department.

"We must unite under the command of the Emperor Heaven."

Great Blazing Heavenly King Xiao Yan glanced at the nearly three thousand sealed True Gods and smiled. "I, Great Blazing Heavenly King, Jin Heavenly King, Innocuous Heavenly King, Calamity Heavenly King, and Punisher Heavenly King have all come out. We will join forces and form the embryonic form of the Heavenly Court. We will sweep across the world, and the Celestial Tranquility Department won't be able to withstand a single blow. Of course, after that, Wisdom Heavenly King, Dong Hua Heavenly King, Grand Overarching Heavenly King, and Chaotic Heavenly King will appear one by one.

"Heavenly Kings," the Chaotic Demonic Ape God said.

"The Celestial Tranquility Department isn't that easy to deal with. I think we need to discuss this in detail."

"Of course, the Celestial Tranquility Department isn't easy to deal with. However, other than that Gu Taxian, Gu Chensha is a bit more troublesome, but he's still within our control."

The Celestial Tranquility Department's ordinary youth said, "To tell you the truth, my current identity is a middle-level member of the Celestial Tranquility Department. I have a lot of authority, but that Gu Chensha can't find me and doesn't know who I am.

In other words, this kid's cultivation is also extremely limited. Under the Heavenly Dao's blindfold, he can't see the situation clearly, and in the future, he will be nothing more than a pie in the sky. Not only that, I've received some information from the unseen. The reincarnated person of the Emperor Heaven is also in the Celestial Tranquility Department. The Celestial Tranquility Department may seem as stable as a rock to you, but in my opinion, it's riddled with holes and can't withstand a single blow. It's just that the time hasn't come yet. " Mobile users, please browse M. Read for a better reading experience.