Chapter 1028
============

Eternal Continent

"From now on, I will follow Your Majesty's orders without any second thoughts."

At this time, the fourth brother, Gu Huasha, had no choice but to bow his head in submission. However, the depths of his heart were completely filled with that pill.

He thought, "The future is going to be eventful. The universe we created is out of control. Although Gu Chensha defeated it, he didn't destroy the Origin. The Origin is still scattered in the human world. It will definitely breed a huge disaster. When these disasters gather together, it will bring about all kinds of unimaginable changes.

This is my chance. So, I must get this elixir and combine it with the power of the Emperor Of Heaven. Only then can I comprehend the ninth level of the Immortal Realm and have the capital to fight against Gu Chensha. I can see that Gu Chensha has surpassed the Heavenly Dao Realm and entered the Immortal Realm. Only when that terrible thing comes out can I fight against him.

Even if I have reached the Heavenly Dao Realm, I won't be his match. But in the future, there will be more and more Heavenly Dao Realm experts. If we unite our hearts, it will be an extremely terrifying power … I have to plan carefully. I can't fight against Gu Chensha for now. I have to wait for an opportunity. Patience, patience. The Emperor Of Heaven turned into an elixir because he didn't have patience. "

Not only the Fourth Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha, but everyone else was also drooling over the elixir.

"Sword, Saber!" Gu Chensha waved his hand casually.

Suddenly, a saber and a sword appeared on the table together with the elixir. The saber and the sword were Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian. They were the reincarnations of Infinite Blade and Infinite Sword. After being fattened by Gu Chensha, they became sabers and swords again, but they were countless times stronger than the original Infinite Sword and Infinite Blade. Because Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian were the Sword Master and the Saber Master.

"As long as you do a good job, I can reward you with these magic treasures. However, there is only one thing that I need. The places that you govern must produce a large number of people who have mastered the Dragonless Cultivation Technique. By now, all of you should know that the abundance of resources in this world must be created by those who have mastered the Dragonless Cultivation Technique. If every single one of them devours everything, the world will soon be destroyed," said Gu Chensha.

"We will remember Your Majesty's teachings." Even the Confucianism Ancestor lowered his head.

He wasn't completely convinced, but he was afraid, extremely afraid. Even the Emperor Of Heaven had become a medicinal pill. There was nothing Gu Chensha wouldn't be able to do.

"You may leave."

After lecturing him for a while, Gu Chensha dismissed the Ancestors, leaving only Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, Martial Sage, Longevity God, Jin Suibo, Lou Baiyue, and the others.

"Chensha, I don't think any of these people are sincere. I don't know why, but they just can't come around. The same goes for the Fourth. He's determined to go against you."

Lou Baiyue frowned. "You turned the Emperor Of Heaven into a medicinal pill. Anyone who takes it will have all of the Emperor Of Heaven's cultivation level and divine abilities.

However, it's obvious that this medicinal pill will be the most helpful to the Fourth's cultivation level. If the Fourth takes it, he'll be fusing with the Emperor Of Heaven. I think he'll definitely do everything he can to get it. " "If the Fourth is still stubborn, I won't be able to save him."

Gu Chensha sighed. "Now that things have come to this, the world is in the final stage of transformation. Once I succeed, I'll have changed the truth of the past, and the world will step into a new realm. It's a pity that these people are still trying to stop me. Our biggest problem now is that when that terrifying thing comes out, it'll destroy everything we've worked so hard for." "No one can stop this. We'll definitely be able to create a new situation."

Wen Hong nodded. "That terrifying thing is the old world, the strongest counterattack of the old rules. The birth and rise of a new era is unavoidable. The counterattack of the old world won't be able to stop us from moving forward."

"I think the time for that terrifying thing to come out is getting closer. It might come out at any time. Look …" Gu Chensha suddenly pointed.

In the blink of an eye, a gigantic sphere appeared in front of his palm. This sphere was pure black in color, and countless tentacles stretched out in all directions. These tentacles were constantly changing, wriggling, vibrating, and exploding. They seemed to be starting to seep into the human world to absorb energy.

In the process of absorbing power, the pitch-black sphere started shrinking. At first, it was boundless, but it gradually shrunk by a thousand times.

In the end, the sphere seemed to be shrinking at a speed visible to the naked eye. However, while it was shrinking, its power did not shrink. Instead, it was increasing. The inside of the pitch-black sphere was filled with undying power, and it had started transforming.

"We're no match for undying power. Even if we rise to the Heavenly Dao Realm, we won't be able to resist it. In front of undying power, we're just ants." Wen Hong said. "What should we do?"

"There's no rush. As long as you keep creating worlds, your power will increase. It's only a matter of time before you reach the Heavenly Dao Realm."

Gu Chensha said. "Now, you can work together to create a universe. As for what will come out of that universe, it's not something you should worry about." "We have a plan for that. It's indeed time to work together to create a universe."

Lou Baiyue said. "Zhang Ziran and The Fourth have both reached the Heavenly Dao Realm. We can't fall behind."

As she spoke, Lou Baiyue immediately gathered the spirit power in the depths of her heart and formed the embryonic form of a universe in front of her.

Meanwhile, Gu Chensha's entire body disappeared without a trace. He went to a certain place in the Human Realm.

The current Mortal World was getting more and more complicated. Not only were there many continents in great numbers, there were even innumerable universes of various sizes that were born and destroyed like bubbles. It could be said that even if one advanced to the Heavenly Dao Realm, one would still be unable to control the Mortal World. If the Mortal World was an enormous ocean, then one who cultivated to the Heavenly Dao Realm would only be a flood dragon in this ocean. As for the Ancestral Realm, one would only be a huge whale. As for Heaven Primordial, Heaven Longevity, and Heaven Zun, they were just fish in the ocean.

Of course, it was different for those who cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra. They kept expanding the ocean, making it bigger. That way, the ocean would give them more things.

This was the result of the combination of endless cultivation and spirit, creating a complementary effect on the world.

Gu Chensha once again toured the human world to find the person that was born from that terrifying thing.

As the source of that terrifying thing condensed, it would definitely give birth to a form somewhere in the Human Realm. Gu Chensha had to find this form, and it would be best if he could modify it so that it could learn the Dragonless Heart Sutra along with him. In the end, it would completely change its way of thinking and create a new world together. If he could succeed in this way, then Gu Chensha would finally eliminate the remnants of the old world, step into the new world, and create a new world. That way, he would be able to comprehend the tenth level of the Immortal Realm.

"Reaching the Immortal Realm is actually impossible to destroy. I'm also in the Immortal Realm, so I know the profoundness of this realm. Reaching this realm, it can only be sealed and can't be destroyed. Only when I reach the tenth level of the Immortal Realm can I destroy it.

However, even if I seal this terrifying thing, it will still come out. I have to modify it completely. "

Gu Chensha deeply knew how terrifying the Immortal Realm was. Facing that thing, he didn't dare to be careless. Whoosh … Gu Chensha kept circulating the River of Fate to calculate. Finally, he locked on to a continent. This continent was called the Eternal Continent.

The continent itself was actually a universe. There were suns, moons, and stars within it. Heaven and earth changed, and the universe revolved. Life was created, and there were tens of thousands of races. There were many different kinds of living in these spaces, forming millions of different powers. There were also many experts.

This continent wasn't man-made, it was formed naturally. As the human world kept changing, this Eternal Continent finally condensed into a shape. This Eternal Continent itself was extremely rich in fate.

A universe also had its time of birth and death. The universe itself was also a special life form. It also had its ups and downs, it wasn't truly immortal.

Gu Chensha looked at the universe of Eternal Continent and found that it was still in a normal period of development. Moreover, the entire universe was full of Qi, without any signs of decline. The best part was that there were many people in this universe who had successfully cultivated the Dragonless Cultivation Technique. Although these people who had cultivated the Dragonless Cultivation Technique weren't very strong, they were all working hard to create this universe. As a result, not only did the universe not show any signs of decline, but it also grew stronger and younger.

If a universe was filled with predators, then the universe itself had limited energy. The more parasites there were, the faster the universe would die.

For example, the Heaven Realm in the past, which was also the Land of Infinity, was also a universe. But as the number of experts increased, everyone was plundering the origin of the universe, causing the universe's energy to quickly dry up and collapse.

"The truth of the universe has been gradually reversed by me. Countless universes have been born in the human world. The original wills of these universes have gradually come to understand that only those who have successfully cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra are beneficial to the universe. Those who don't are like parasites to the universe itself. Gradually, the original wills of countless universes will hate and reject these people. As time goes by, my overall situation will become more and more powerful, unstoppable."

With Gu Chensha's current strength, he could destroy countless universes with a single thought. Because of this, he started to be careful, lest a sneeze from him could turn many universes into ashes. Remember mobile website: M.