Chapter 91
==========

This was because his body's toughness had greatly increased.

Many things that he couldn't comprehend in the Sun Moon Refinement and Sun Moon Transformation were now deeply engraved in his mind. The blood flow in his body was sometimes hidden, sometimes surging, unpredictable, and unpredictable.

Wave after wave of spiritual energy was guided down. In a breath, his body became clean, his meridians strengthened, and his speed became ghostly.

"I used to be an insensible child, but now I'm finally an adult." He smiled and nodded. He put on the Great Dragon Armor again and jumped out of the Sun Moon Altar space. The foot-tall pagoda was still floating in the pool of Dragon Transformation Fluid.

Gu Chensha walked up, but he didn't grab it this time. He knew that even if he cultivated to the Dao Realm and his strength increased greatly, he wouldn't be able to lift this pagoda. But he had an idea.

His fingers started to ooze blood as he drew the runes. It was still the Sun Moon Refinement Technique.

His blood was different now. It already had the luster of the sun and moon, and when looked at against the light, there was actually a faint rainbow glow. As his realm changed, the Sun Moon Refinement Technique's refining ability greatly increased. He actually wanted to use the refining technique to communicate with this pagoda. The pagoda was covered in runes with his blood, but it still didn't move. But he didn't panic. He made a sacrificial gesture with both hands.

"Gu Chensha sacrificed his blood to the heavens, borrowing the Sun Moon Refinement Technique to communicate with his soul and blood to cultivate this treasure." Large amounts of blood surged into the altar space, and his face turned pale.

As he sacrificed, the altar space rippled, and a strange power was transmitted into his body, allowing his fingers to touch the pagoda.

The runes written in blood on the pagoda suddenly flickered, and actually turned into blazing flames.

The flames were like the light of the sun and moon. The flames floated up and turned into divine dragons.

"I sacrificed my blood according to the Sun Moon Refinement Technique, and it can actually attract the Sun Moon Dragon Fire!" Gu Chensha nodded. This was the Sun Moon Refinement Technique he had just comprehended. Weng … The pagoda actually started to tremble, and it had a faint telepathic connection with Gu Chensha.

"No matter how strong a treasure is, it can't withstand the Heavenly Dao power of the Sun Moon Altar.

Moreover, this pagoda is still in its embryonic form, and it hasn't been truly refined by anyone. It's still in the nurturing stage. "Gu Chensha had already comprehended many things.

"Pagoda, withdraw!"

This pagoda was burned by the Sun and Moon Dragon Fire for a full two hours. The moment the dragon fire was extinguished, Gu Chensha imprinted a blood-colored rune on it. This time, it was the symbol of the sun and moon.

The pagoda actually produced a vortex of suction within it, completely absorbing the entire pool of Dragon Transformation Fluid. The pagoda itself swelled to the height of a person, seven or eight times its original size. Then, the pagoda rumbled and flew into the space of the Sun Moon Altar, never to move again.

Gu Chensha's heart was filled with joy as he left the necropolis, then headed to the bronze door and entered the altar space.

Now, all he could do was wait for the door to open and for the two bishops to enter the underground palace to investigate. Then, he would be able to get out and fly as high as the sky.

Of course, collecting the Dragon Transformation Fluid and this pagoda was not enough. If he wanted to increase his strength and fight against the other princes, he had to obtain more treasures.

After entering the altar space, he consumed another ten drops of Heavenly Dew and activated the Sun and Moon Refinement to replenish his lost vital energy. After four hours, he recovered and was filled with energy once more.

He had used his own blood as a sacrifice to obtain the Sun and Moon Dragon Fire and finally used the power of the Heavenly Dao to collect the pagoda. He had used up a lot of energy and had drawn out 30% of his blood. If he was a normal person, he would have died. The sacrifice didn't just include others, but also himself.

When he was advancing to the Dao Realm, Gu Chensha comprehended a few special methods of sacrificing himself.

Fortunately, he had the Heavenly Dew to nourish him. If he just absorbed spiritual energy to recover, he would need at least three months. The Heavenly Dew lasted for four hours.

After recovering his strength, Gu Chensha observed the pagoda that was as tall as a person. There were many layers of Dragon Transformation Fluid inside. It had not been completely absorbed, but it was still squirming and changing. He frowned slightly. Although he had collected it, he had no idea what this pagoda was for. He could not activate it. This meant that the pagoda was just a decoration.

Unless he used the blood sacrifice to summon the Sun and Moon Dragon Fire and refine it dozens or even hundreds of times, he might be able to make the pagoda his own treasure.

But if he did that, he would lose too much vital energy and even if he had the Heavenly Dew, his foundations would be damaged.

Of course, if his cultivation increased, like when he reached Dao Realm Transformation Four or Five, his blood would be even stronger and the dragon flames he summoned would be even stronger. Maybe a few times would be enough.

He took another look at the Dharma Breaker Immortal Sword on the altar. Although it had the mark of Grand Preceptor Wen Hong and was difficult to refine, as his cultivation level increased, he could sacrifice himself and summon the Heavenly Dao Sun and Moon Dragon Fire to erase the mark. Although Grand Tutor Wen Hong was strong, he wasn't as strong as the Heavenly Dao.

He did everything and waited at the entrance to open. He comprehended martial arts and consolidated his Dao Foundations. He stabilized his Dao Realm in case it regressed in the future.

As expected, a day passed and the bronze door opened once more. Two bishops appeared and they walked down the spiral stairs.

The opportunity didn't come again. He saw the two bishops enter the underground palace and they didn't see him. They used the Great Dragon Armor to jump out of the bronze door and enter the altar once more. The instant he entered and exited, his speed was unbelievably quick. Honglong!

The moment he entered, there was a tsunami-like roar. The two bishops charged out and realized that the Dragon Transformation Liquid and the pagoda had disappeared. This matter was huge.

The two bishops hollered and the treasury and even the entire hall were alarmed. Shortly after, many experts rushed over.

The first to arrive was a ball of light. Dust exploded and a teen wearing a seven-colored priest robe appeared. He didn't give off any barbarian aura and was just a human.

"This is the Archbishop, Yuan Shasheng? I can't see through his strength. "

Although Gu Chensha knew that no one could find him in the altar space, his heart still tightened. This person's aura made him feel like he was suffocating. He didn't even need to attack to look at him and he could kill him.

Archbishop Yuan Shasheng asked questions in the barbarian language. More and more important people appeared in the temple.

Gu Chensha's heart went cold. The Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos was too strong. Even the Seventh Prince would die if he came here. Fortunately, he didn't have the intention to attack. He just wanted to steal the treasures and increase his strength.

These people looked around and discussed among themselves. A large number of experts gathered in the treasury and searched every inch of it. But they didn't find anything.

"Search the entire temple. Spread out!"

Yuan Shasheng looked around again and again. His eyes were dark and gloomy. He gave the order and left with the crowd. The number of guards in the treasury increased greatly. There were guards both inside and outside the building.

"Hmph!" Gu Chensha laughed coldly. "Do you think you can stop me like this?

These important people are gone. It'll be easier for me to steal. Let's go to the medicine storehouse first. " Generally speaking, the most valuable place in the treasury was the medicine storehouse.

The Demonic Ape Temple had been accumulating for thousands of years. God knew how many good things were stored in the medicine storehouse.

While the guards were checking the medicine storehouse, Huang Xiaolong snuck in. Now that the Great Dragon Armor had evolved, it had the ability to conceal itself. It was easier for him to conceal his aura. Now that the experts were patrolling other places, it was the best opportunity for him. Huang Xiaolong snuck into the medicine storehouse and hid in the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar.

The medicine storehouse was huge. There were tens of thousands of boxes and shelves. The whole storehouse was filled with spirit energy. It was a huge spirit gathering formation. In the most important place, at the heart of the spirit gathering formation, there was a stone.

The shape of the stone was odd. It was grayish-white, and seemed to be some kind of egg fossil. It was about the size of a human head.

It was precisely because of this stone that the entire pill storehouse was filled with dense Spiritual Qi. While ensuring that the medicinal properties of the pills would not disperse, they would also become purer.

Any spirit gathering formation needed a treasure to stabilize the formation eye. The stronger the treasure, the more stable the formation, and the stronger the spirit gathering effect.

However, Gu Chensha didn't take the stone. Instead, he relied on his intuition to find the best pills.

At a glance, he saw nine elixirs sealed in spirit crystals in the most prominent position of the treasury.

The fist-sized spirit crystal contained nine white pills the size of rice grains. He didn't know what they were. He couldn't recognize them immediately.

However, they were wrapped in such a way. They must be unparalleled treasures. Thinking back, the Hundred Tribulations Golden Pill that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor gave to Lou Baiyue wasn't wrapped in a spirit crystal. He threw the nine pills into the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar and started moving the boxes. There were labels on the boxes. They were gold, purple, azure, red, and black. Clearly, the black pills were the lowest quality, while the gold ones were the highest.

Gu Chensha didn't open the boxes. He first moved the golden labeled pills into the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar. He moved dozens of boxes before he finished. He then moved the purple labeled pills.

There were at least a hundred thousand boxes of pills in the storeroom. There were dozens of golden ones, hundreds of purple ones, and thousands of azure ones …

Gu Chensha knew that he couldn't move all of them. He only needed to move the gold and purple ones. It would be best if he could move all the blue ones too.

On the east side of the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar were the treasures he looted from the temple in Tao County. There were thousands of boxes. He didn't have time to count them. To prevent confusion, Gu Chensha placed the treasures on the west side.

Wearing the Great Dragon Armor, he was fast and strong. It only took him a short while to move all the purple labeled pills. Then, he moved on to the azure pills.

Halfway through, there were two thousand boxes of azure pills. He heard the noise outside. He knew that his chance to make a fortune had passed. In the end, he grabbed the stone in the center of the spirit gathering formation and threw it into the altar. Then, he hid. Without the stone, the spirit energy in the spirit gathering formation was dozens of times weaker. At this moment, the door opened. Some barbarian experts came in for inspection. This was a routine investigation. There weren't any powerful people.