Chapter 992
===========

Level 10 of Undying Chapter 989: Level 10 of Undying Chapter 989: Level 10 of Undying

Gu Chensha had created countless fortuitous encounters and all sorts of systems, allowing those who were fated to obtain them to establish empires or become experts. His goal was actually very simple, which was to collect all sorts of data. Furthermore, it was to motivate talented people, allowing them to feel the restraints they were under and finally break through to the Transcendent realm, cultivating the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and obtaining true spiritual freedom. He had put a lot of thought into it.

The reason why he created the River of Fate was to restrain the fate of many people, to let their fate be tempered in the River of Fate so that they could jump out of the River of Fate. This was his goal, he didn't want to control anyone.

Of course, with his current cultivation, he didn't need to control anyone, nor did he need to steal anyone. His cultivation method was to give to living beings, and the more he gave, the stronger his cultivation would be. Helping living beings was his cultivation. This was the complete opposite of all cultivation.

All cultivation, no matter how orthodox it was, was plundering. That was because a living being had to absorb things from the outside world from weak to strong, otherwise, it wouldn't be able to achieve anything big. This was the Plundering Dao. This was the law of the universe, the rules of the Heavenly Dao. Therefore, every living being was born with sin, karma, good and evil.

As long as you were born, with each breath you took, you would grow stronger, and with each moment you lived, you would do evil.

Only by cultivating the Dragonless Heart Sutra could one become self-sufficient, not relying on anything and exist independently, eliminating karma and good and evil. There was no fate or fate.

Li Rufeng, the emperor of the Great Tang Empire, wanted to get rid of Gu Chensha's control, so he thought of many methods and racked his brains to stimulate his wisdom and increase his luck. This situation would clearly appear in the river of fate. However, Great Tang Emperor Li Rufeng's fate wasn't the strongest in the River of Fate.

The strongest was naturally a two-headed dragon. That was the fate of the Fourth Gu Huasha and the Emperor Of Heaven.

Next was Zhang Yi Ren. This person had been cleansed by Gu Chensha, and had also fused with that terrifying will and all of the Ancient Dao Immortal's mutated source energy. After cultivating, he had already reached the Heaven Realm, and was also called Ancestor Yi. He was already on equal footing with Zhang Ziran. Even though he was the crown prince of the great dynasty, but now that he had risen up, even Zhang Ziran could not do anything to him, and could not suppress him at all. The second was the Grand Plume Sand, known as the Taoist Ancestor. She also had the will of that terrible thing inside her. This bestowed her with extremely tyrannical fate energy.

After that, it was the turn of other experts, such as Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, Dharma Saint, Wu Dangkong, and Liu Chansha.

"Hmm? Fa Wuxian's fate energy is growing so quickly? "

Just as Gu Chensha was observing the River of Fate, an inconspicuous little snake was quietly growing. That little snake was growing at a speed visible to the naked eye. Gradually, it became a large python, and then a large venomous snake. The large venomous snake began to grow horns and claws, and had already taken the form of a flood dragon. This little snake's fate energy was Fa Wuxian's.

Letting Fa Wuxian and the others leave Eternal World was originally Gu Chensha's plan. He had deliberately let Zhang Yi Ren save them, because this person would be very useful in the future. At the final moment of the collapse, countless people would have fortuitous encounters. If there were more people like this, then the fate energy would be even more attractive, and the more they would be able to divide the power of that terrible thing.

For example, if it weren't for Fa Wuxian and the others, then the terrifying thing produced by the collapse of the Heavenly Daos and Gu Taxian would be much more powerful because it wouldn't have a share.

When the dragons rose up and fought with each other, the fate energy would clash. When the collapse occurred, everyone would be able to obtain the energy of the collapse, and that terrifying thing would be greatly weakened. This was Gu Chensha's strategy.

At that time, many experts with fate energy would obtain the energy of the collapse. Although many powerful existences would be born, the situation would still be under control.

What he was afraid of was that terrifying thing absorbing all the energy of the collapse. At that time, even Gu Chensha wouldn't have the confidence to suppress it.

"The big snake is a python, the big python is a venomous snake, the great venomous snake is a flood dragon, and the flood dragon is a dragon.

Fa Wuxian's fate energy grew from a little snake to a big snake, then to a python, then to a venomous snake, and now it's actually going to become a flood dragon. It's really unstoppable. From this, it can be seen that his fate energy hasn't been completely cut off. Instead, it's being suppressed by me in Eternal World. It seems he'll soon become an ancestor.

Moreover, he can even cause some other ancestors to fall. "Gu Chensha observed again, and an amused expression appeared on his face.

He observed the river of fate, and could see through all kinds of fate in the world. No one could escape his control.

The appearance of fate energy in the river of fate was a person's entire life, and even the things that would happen in the future.

"Let's see what realm Fa Wuxian will grow to. It seems like his future is boundless. This test subject is a bit interesting. Perhaps he will challenge me at the most crucial moment? "

Gu Chensha observed this flood dragon's fate energy that was about to transform. He sped up the river of fate, and suddenly discovered that Fa Wuxian had actually devoured many huge existences. Moreover, Fa Wuxian's fate energy was flickering non-stop, as if it was about to jump out. Gu Chensha was extremely curious about this. As he observed, all kinds of variables flickered, fusing into his own Dragonless Sutra.

Grasping all kinds of changes in the past, present, and future, as well as the complete operation of the fate of all living beings, this experience was extremely important to him. There would always be some variables in life that surpassed his original estimation. This feeling made him feel like he was the Heavenly Dao facing a variable.

In the past, when the Heavenly Dao still existed, it couldn't control all living beings. At that time, there were also many variables that became Heavenly Venerables.

But now, Gu Chensha had created the river of fate, controlling everything, but there would always be some fish that slipped through the net. This was also within his expectations. This was something new to him, and it was worth studying.

As Gu Chensha read these experiences, his cultivation base became higher and higher. He could feel that his Immortal Realm had reached level eight of the Immortal Realm, the highest peak of the Immortal Realm. He was half a step into level nine of the Immortal Realm. Now, he only lacked a crucial change, and he would be able to step into this realm.

The variable that suddenly appeared in Fa Wuxian was like a catalyst. This test subject's experience was also an accumulation for Gu Chensha to break through to Undying Realm Level 9, Undying Realm. With this accumulation, Gu Chensha could break through to Undying Realm Level 9, Undying Realm.

Moreover, breaking through to Undying Realm Level 9, Undying Realm wasn't his end goal. He felt that there was still a realm above Undying Realm Level 9. Ever since he created the river of fate, he started the deepest level of meditation.

Although he didn't reach Undying Realm in the end, he still made some predictions and deductions about his future path.

"I've already calculated the level of the Supreme Immortal. As long as I have the right opportunity, I'll be able to break through completely. Breaking through to this level shouldn't be a problem. However, even if I reach the ninth level, the Supreme Immortal, it won't be the highest peak. According to Gu Chensha's assumption, the tenth level is the truly mysterious level. Hum …

As Gu Chensha continued to calculate, his dragonless mental cultivation technique flashed, forming layers of light. It was like a pagoda, from big to small, divided into ten levels of Undying Realm.

The first level was the Void Immortal Realm, which was enormous and used as the foundation. The second level was the Minute Immortal Realm, the third was the Minor Immortal Realm, the fourth was the Intermediate Immortal Realm, the fifth was the Great Immortal Realm, the sixth was the Eternal Immortal Realm, the seventh was the True Immortal Realm, the eighth was the Undecaying Immortal Realm, and the ninth was the Supreme Immortal Realm. And Level 10 was a realm that was hard to understand.

Gu Chensha's dragonless mental cultivation technique formed the highest level of the pagoda. On it, countless fate energy, matter, fate, world, living beings, and things that didn't exist were brewing and rumbling. Finally, Gu Chensha moved. He opened his eyes, which were unprecedentedly clear.

"I finally understand the realm after Undying Realm. What is Level 10 of Undying Realm? It's not Undying Realm, nor is it Undying Realm. It's indescribable and indescribable. If I had to force myself to call it Undying Realm, I would call it Undying Realm."

As soon as the words' Undying Realm 'came out of his mouth, the pagoda shone brightly. Then, it dispersed and entered Gu Chensha's body, turning into rays of light. These rays of light were not light, nor were they not light. It was a realm that no one could understand. Gu Chensha had finally planned out his future path.

In the Undying Realm, the first eight levels were all Undying Realm, while the ninth level was Undying Realm. As for Level 10, it wasn't Undying Realm, nor was it Undying Realm. In other words, it was still possible to call this realm Undying Realm.

Only when Gu Chensha understood the true secret of Undying Realm could he understand what Level 10 was.

Of course, understanding was one thing. It was still extremely difficult to reach this realm. Let alone Level 10 of Undying Realm, even Level 9 of Undying Realm had not been successfully cultivated by anyone. Heaven's Will and Gu Taxian's realm was only Level 8 of Undying Realm, Undying Realm.

Gu Chensha understood what the tenth level of the Immortal Realm was. At least in terms of realm, he had completely surpassed his father, Gu Taxian, and the Heavenly Path. However, his current strength was still half Level 9 Undying Realm.

It was just that the bottleneck of Undying Realm was even smaller for him. He had absolute confidence in breaking through in one go. As for his grasp of the future, Gu Chensha had a clearer understanding of many paths and changes. His figure disappeared as he moved on to the next plan.

In another place in the human world, there was a huge ocean with towering waves. Countless islands floated in the ocean. Each of these islands was equivalent to a continent, almost as big as the divine continent and the four wildernesses combined. The people living on the islands all felt that they were the center of the world, and thus formed many small countries. Fa Wuxian appeared.

He looked coldly at the many giant continents in the ocean and said, "If my calculations are correct, there are great fortuitous encounters in these continents that have obtained the Yin Yang System, Eight Trigrams System, Five Elements System, and so on. Although these systems are not as good as the Karma System, Fate System, and Good and Evil System, if I can obtain all of them, I will also have great achievements. Gu Chensha, oh Gu Chensha, I will definitely let you know what regret is. "