Chapter 343
===========

Talent had nothing to do with one's cultivation realm. It was just a restriction that the Heavenly Dao placed on one. As long as one broke this restriction, even a fool could ascend to the highest realm.

The core of Gu Chensha's Common People Mending Heaven Art was that if the Heavenly Dao was lacking, it would be filled by common people. This meant that even a rock in the mud could become a bright star in the sky.

Lou Baiyue's Common People Mending Heaven Art was even more radical. It meant that the Heavenly Dao was wrong. This was already very close to becoming a Divergent.

Gu Chensha's cultivation of these two arts complemented each other like the flow of Yin and Yang. He had already grasped that mysterious feeling.

Although it was impossible for him to become an extremely rare Divergent since the beginning of time, he had grasped some of its essence. As his cultivation improved, his vision broadened, he gained more knowledge, and he accumulated more experience. It was not impossible for him to become an Divergent.

"No wonder Chang Weiyang from the Universe Gate dominated the Immortal Path Gate. Even the Heaven Earth Gate couldn't do anything to her. If I become a Divergent, I have a chance to surpass the 36 Transformations and become someone on the level of the three Heavenly Venerables."

Gu Chensha pondered again. "The Immortal Path Gate and the three Heavenly Venerables have a deep conflict. It's just that the three Heavenly Venerables are too powerful, and the Immortal Path can't do anything to them. Chang Weiyang hasn't reached the Heavenly Venerables level, so she can only endure."

Becoming a Divergent didn't mean that one would immediately become an expert on the level of the three Heavenly Venerables. One still had to bitterly cultivate, and the process of cultivation was even more difficult. There were many tribulations, natural disasters, and man-made disasters. Sometimes, even the people around them would be affected.

This was equivalent to the traitors in history. If there was a slight mistake, their entire family would be killed.

After becoming a 'Divergent', they became even more terrifying. They were not tolerated by the Heavenly Daos. In the records of ancient times, Divergent were as rare as phoenix feathers and qilin horns. However, those that surpassed the Thirty-Six Transformations and jumped out of the Three Realms were even rarer. In the Primordial Desolate Era and the Primordial Era, there were some Divergent who died during tribulations.

It seemed that in the limited historical records, the only Divergents who could transcend beyond the Three Realms and the Five Elements were the three great Empyreans. Apart from them, there was also the possibility that God Maha had transcended. It was also possible that he was still at the peak of the Thirty-Six Transformations.

Even the ancient Xing Qiong Clan, even though it tore apart the heavens and earth, still suffered a tribulation. Its body split apart and was suppressed in all directions. This could also be considered its death.

As for the Celestial Talisman Emperor, many acknowledged that he wasn't a Divergent but an even stronger existence.

It was true that Divergents were strong, but they weren't strong enough to suppress the Heavenly Dao.

"Divergent Divergent Xingqiong Divergent Xingqiong Clan.

Gu Chensha thought about it again. "Now I have a goal and direction. It'll help me perfect my Mortal Life Heaven Mending technique. When Zhuge Ya obtains all of the Lord of Seven Stars' memories and legacies, I'll be able to peer into Jiang Gongwang's thoughts. Perhaps I'll even be able to learn how he fought the Xingqiong Clan." Gu Chensha always felt that the Xingqiong Clan was a hidden danger.

Now that Wu Dangkong had obtained the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, he would definitely learn the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Technique. Only then would he be able to save the Xingqiong Clan. Moreover, the Great Might Dynasty was eyeing the overseas territories. With a Saint-level expert like the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, it was very likely that he already knew the Xingqiong Clan's secrets.

True Sages could sense the workings of heaven and earth. Their thoughts could see through the past and the future. They could even use their spiritual power to peer into the past and comprehend the deepest secrets of space-time. Some ancient secrets were no secret to Sages.

However, Sages were too strong. They were bound by the Heavenly Dao and couldn't do as they pleased. They couldn't even exist forever. They could only merge with the Dao and become part of the laws, merging with heaven and earth to strengthen the order of the Heavenly Dao. Occasionally, they would show their Sacred Spirits.

In the Land of Infinity, the only Saint-level experts were Li Wanlong, the Black Heaven Earth Sect's sect master, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, and the Barbarian Saint. Apart from them, there might be some hidden existences.

However, these four Saint-level experts seemed to have remained in the world because of some great change. They didn't choose to merge with the Dao. In Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness, his Essence Spirit was completely enlightened.

In the depths of the Demon Domain, his body was wrapped in the Black Maha Sun. He was constantly absorbing demonic qi to form a black sun. Inside were demonic crystals with runes. On the outside were black flames. Within the flames, a demonic statue was about to be born.

As for those demonic crystals, after continuously absorbing demonic qi and turning them into black flames, they had already started to become pure and transparent. They even showed a glazed luster. This was the transformation of demonic qi into spirit.

The demonic qi in the Demon Domain was filled with violent energy. It was the demonic energy that was formed after spiritual qi was polluted.

As for the Black Maha Sun Technique, it used a special technique to circulate and vibrate. It extracted the demonic nature of the demonic qi as fuel, leaving only pure spiritual qi.

Therefore, in the depths of the Black Maha Sun, the demonic qi that had its demonic nature extracted turned into a layer of spirit crystals. As Gu Chensha's Essence Spirit compressed it, the spirit crystals started to show a glazed luster. After that, a thin layer of purple was born. This was the characteristic of an immortal crystal. When a cultivator was from one to nineteen transformations, they mainly absorbed spiritual energy.

After reaching twenty transformations, all the soul, flesh, blood, and energy would turn into spiritual power. At that time, absorbing spiritual energy was far from enough and one had to absorb celestial energy.

However, only when one reached twenty transformations would one have the ability to directly absorb celestial energy.

However, the Great Massacre God Technique could allow one to absorb celestial energy at a low level. The theory was through a special thought frequency to communicate with the wills of the various dimensions, allowing celestial energy to leak down. Then, it would merge with the energy of other dimensions to form a type of essence energy that could be absorbed by the human body. If not, if a low level person absorbed celestial energy, they would explode right away.

That year, the Black Tortoise Baby injected a bit of celestial energy into Gu Chensha's body. Even with his terrifying Sun Moon Dragon Body, his meridians were nearly damaged.

As long as spiritual energy was compressed to the extreme, it could be turned into celestial energy. However, a huge amount of spiritual energy was compressed by experts and only a small amount of celestial energy was formed.

If Gu Chensha wanted to form a Golden Core, he needed to continuously extract Essence Spirit and Xiantian energy to merge with his dantian. This consumed a lot of life essence. But in the demon region, it was tough to communicate with the celestial dimension. Once celestial energy was contaminated by demonic energy, it would be really hard to get rid of it. So, why not break down the demonic energy here and turn it into spiritual energy before refining it into spirit crystals.

Unless Gu Chensha cultivated the Twenty Changes: Concentration, Dispersion, Impermanence, and Dharmic Power, it would be a piece of cake for him to move about freely in the Infernal Domain. Now, he could only do it bit by bit and carefully.

Actually, when he cultivated in the Endless Land, he could use the Common People's Wish Ball to absorb more and his cultivation speed would be thousands of times faster than now.

But in the demon region, he could calculate bit by bit and experience the difficulties of being a cultivator. That was the only way he could train his state of mind.

For generations, the immortal disciples who were banished to the demon region had an even tougher life. That was because they did not know the Maha Black Sun Technique and did not have a strong foundation like Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha sat quietly in the depths of the demon region and dissected the demonic and spirituality in the demonic energy. He could almost understand the fundamental nature of a human being in this world.

Newborn babies were pure at first and had no good or evil. But as they grew older, they would be tainted by the mortal world and all sorts of strange things would be born. Wasn't it the same for spiritual energy?

In the demon region, it would turn into demonic energy. But in the Endless Land, it would maintain the nature of spiritual energy.

"The Endless Land also has the mortal world. It is inevitable that spiritual energy will be tainted in the land and not pure."

With a single thought, Gu Chensha comprehended the nature of spiritual energy. Instantly, some black mist seeped out from his consciousness, Qi Sea and all his orifices. This was the impure and turbid nature of the spiritual energy that he had absorbed over the years in the Endless Land. With that, his Essence Spirit was truly pure like the void, untainted by a single speck of dust.

If he were to continue cultivating like this, he might truly have the chance to come into contact with the Laws of the Heaven and Earth. Shing!

Just then, without any warning or warning, a sword beam neared the Maha Black Sun that Gu Chensha was cultivating and slashed out.

The killing intent of the sword was concentrated and it moved stealthily without a trace. It only burst forth when it reached the side of Gu Chensha, bringing with it an undisguised killing aura and an unforgettable hatred. That sword was imbued with powers. Clearly, it was an expert of 20 transformations and above that had come to ambush him.

In that instant, the sword had already slashed through the Maha Black Sun and ripped apart the inner layer of crystals. It was about to destroy Gu Chensha's body.

Gu Chensha had yet to cultivate the Golden Core of the Great Path, nor had he mastered the 19 transformations. His physical body was relatively weak. If his physical body was slashed, while his Essence Spirit could escape, it would be difficult for him to find a suitable physical body and he might never be able to reach the Golden Core of the Great Path.

One had to know that while one could reincarnate in a corpse at 16 transformations, no matter what body it was, it would not be as compatible as the original body and soul. Moreover, Gu Chensha's body contained the Sun Moon Dragon Blood and even the power of time and space.

The moment his physical body was slashed, his Connate Astral Qi would dissipate into the world as well. That was because there was no Dantian to store it.

Gu Chensha's body flashed as his Essence Spirit and Connate Astral Qi surged out of his body to push him to dodge. He was like a willow in the wind, gentle and ethereal. He had comprehended so many things, so how could he be ambushed so easily? The sword landed where he had been and the ground within dozens of miles was turned to dust.

"Jing Fanxing, you actually came to the Demon Region to kill me. It must have been tough on you." Gu Chensha looked at the sword in the air from afar. The sword floated in the demonic energy and no one was holding it. But then, the sword changed and turned into a human shape. It was Jing Fanxing.