Chapter 933
===========

Remember in One Second [Pen? Writing ☆ Learning This is a wonderful free reading without a pop-up window! Episode 930 Zhuge Xianwu

"No, that's impossible! Zhuge Ya, I devoured you and killed you! How could you not die? You even got rid of the tribulation!"

Xu Ziyu's heart was suddenly filled with panic. "I don't believe it. Is the Dragonless Cultivation Technique really that strong?

It's just a cultivation technique, something that your imperial court uses to deceive people. You want to trick everyone? I won't believe your lies, and I won't cultivate these mental cultivation methods. " "How pitiful. Do you think you can surpass the entire era?

A good opportunity was placed in front of you, but you didn't know how to cherish it. Now, you don't even know how to regret it. I pity you. "

Zhuge Ya said, "Since you don't believe me, I won't force you. But right now, I'm going to strip you of all your power and destiny, as well as your karma and fate, and even your core. At the same time, you'll be able to feel how great this Dragonless Heart Sutra is." Buzz …

A stream of runes gushed out from the depths of Xu Ziyu's heart. These were the characters of the Dragonless Heart Sutra. These characters instantly occupied all the mysteries of Xu Ziyu's heart. Xu Ziyu suddenly found that he couldn't control his own body.

"No, I can't accept this. I've been in seclusion for so long and finally cultivated an invincible divine art. How could I end up like this? Could it be that I was born to suffer this fate? "

Xu Ziyu emitted intense hatred, hatred, and unwillingness. His entire body was filled with resentment. His resentment was enough to drown everything. But it was to no avail.

Zhuge Ya didn't reveal his physical form. Instead, he hid in the depths of Xu Ziyu's mind and began to operate the Dragonless Heart Sutra. In an instant, the Dragonless Heart Sutra covered all of Xu Ziyu's large stars. At this time, the 36 large stars had completely become Zhuge Ya's essence.

Zhuge Ya's voice continued to reverberate in Xu Ziyu's mind. "It's not that you were born with this tribulation, but that you made the wrong choice. If you had chosen our Dragonless Heart Sutra and Dynasty, how could you have fallen into such a situation? We've been tolerating you all these years, giving you a chance. Unfortunately, you're still stubborn, unable to see the situation clearly. There's nothing we can do." "Counterattack!"

In the depths of Xu Ziyu's heart, the thought of taking him down with him surged. 'Zhuge Ya, I don't believe that your Dragonless Heart Sutra is invincible. If it is truly invincible, then why didn't Gu Chensha kill the Emperor Of Heaven instead of playing tricks here? I'll take you down with me right now. Kill! Kill! Kill! "

A monstrous killing intent and a determination to perish together with the enemy emerged from the depths of Xu Ziyu's heart. A destructive fluctuation appeared in the depths of Xu Ziyu's heart. But Zhuge Ya didn't care about that at all.

His Dragonless Heart Sutra circulated slightly, covering Xu Ziyu's entire body. Then, a large amount of Xu Ziyu's essence poured into the Dragonless Heart Sutra.

From an outsider's point of view, after Xu Ziyu killed Zhuge Ya, he paused for a breath of time. Everyone thought that he was digesting Zhuge Ya, but they didn't know that so many changes had occurred. Rumble!

In the next breath, everyone could see layers of starlight emitting from Xu Ziyu's body. This starlight was like a giant cocoon, wrapping Xu Ziyu within. At the same time, more than a hundred thousand starlight in the sky seemed to be attracted by this cocoon, gathering towards it.

None of the Star Monarchs knew what was happening, but they had a vague guess. That was, the 'King of Myriad Stars' was about to be born.

Because as this starlight cocoon wriggled, waves of fluctuations that originated from the stars, but also surpassed the stars, causing them to be unable to control the power of the stars.

The aura of this starlight cocoon was simply invincible, completely surpassing the essence of the Sun-Moon Lord.

Wu Quxing's true body was that of a middle-aged man. This middle-aged man was completely black and extremely sturdy. He wore armor and held a halberd, preparing to kill Chang Wuqu. But just as he was about to make his move, Wu Quxing's true body suddenly stirred restlessly, causing his strength to be cut off. He immediately stopped and urged his own technique to suppress the starlight.

Because all the stars were stirred, the Primordius Heavenly Pillar's suppressive might was greatly reduced.

The officials of the imperial court all heaved a sigh of relief, obtaining a chance to catch their breath. Kacha! The cocoon shattered, and two people appeared.

Under the watchful eyes of everyone, one was Zhuge Ya, and the other was Xu Ziyu. But at this time, Zhuge Ya was wearing a starry robe. Above the robe, there were billions of stars revolving, as if he represented the stars. As for Xu Ziyu, he had lost all his strength and became an ordinary person. He was carried by Zhuge Ya.

"I have completely broken free from karma and become the King of Myriad Stars. Even if the Sun-Moon Lord is born, he will still be under my control."

At this time, Zhuge Ya let out a loud and clear voice. Every star's true body trembled as if they felt that their nemesis had arrived. "If you still refuse to repent and follow Emperor Heaven in rebellion, your crimes will not be forgiven." Rumble!

As he spoke, Zhuge Ya threw out his hand. Xu Ziyu, who had lost all his strength and become an ordinary person, landed on the ground in the small courtyard. He gathered with Chu Feng, the Immortal Master, Fa Wuxian, and the others, and was reduced to a mortal.

At this time, Zhuge Ya rushed towards the reincarnated Martial Star. In the blink of an eye, he arrived in front of the Martial Star.

The Martial Star's true body didn't even have time to react. He instinctively stabbed towards Zhuge Ya. But before he could reach Zhuge Ya, Zhuge Ya lightly grabbed and the halberd turned into origin energy that was absorbed into the starlight behind Zhuge Ya's head.

Then, the Martial Star's true body fiercely shrank and condensed into a speck of starlight that flew into the starlight behind Zhuge Ya's head. Rumble!

Behind Zhuge Ya's head was the original body of 36 stars. Now that the Martial Star had been absorbed, it became the original body of 37 stars. Its might had increased by another level. As for the black reincarnated Martial Star's true body, he lost all his strength and became an ordinary person. He was grabbed by Zhuge Ya and thrown into the small courtyard on the ground.

The Imperial Court wouldn't kill people. They would only reduce people to ordinary people so that they could wake up. If they continued to persist in going about things the wrong way, they would only die of old age and sickness. If they could make up for their sins, they could accumulate merit and slowly climb up.

Zhuge Ya absorbed all of Xu Ziyu's power and then seized the Martial Star's true body. It only took two breaths of time.

When everyone saw Zhuge Ya die, they thought that the Imperial Court was finished. They didn't expect that Zhuge Ya would brazenly counterattack and make Xu Ziyu lose his strength. Everyone was stunned by this turn of events.

"The King of Myriad Stars, descend upon the world. All stars submit to me."

After Zhuge Ya subdued the Martial Song Star, he did not stop. He moved again and flew to the reincarnated person of another star. In a few blinks of an eye, the Celestial Mou Star, the Celestial Death Star, the Celestial Dawn Star, the Celestial Glory Star, the Celestial Pole Star, and dozens of other stars all fell into the halo behind his head.

"Not good, Zhuge Ya actually didn't die.

He came back to life again. Is the Dragonless Heart Sutra so terrifying? "Countless people saw this scene and immediately changed their thoughts.

"It looks like the Imperial Court has a well-thought-out plan for this great calamity. They've forced out all the opponents. Zhuge Ya is indeed one of the big shots. He immediately counterattacked. Look, there are more than 80 star bodies behind his head right now. These are all star bodies, not the Star Esoteric Mysteries of the past. A star body is equivalent to a great thousand worlds, or even a pinnacle medium-thousand world."

"It looks like Zhuge Ya is still able to control so many stars with ease. Look, he's still capturing those Star Lords and reducing them to mortals. Not only did he strip them of all their power, but he also stripped them of all their fate energy," said Ye Futian with a smile.

"These Star Monarchs aren't having a good time. They can't do anything to Zhuge Ya. He is like a tiger rushing into a flock of sheep. He is simply invincible." "Could it be that the Imperial Court will win this time?

If the Imperial Court wins, I'm afraid no other power will be able to resist the Imperial Court. If that happens, we can only obediently submit and become obedient citizens. " "I'm afraid that even the Emperor Of Heaven will fail. Once he fails, we will no longer have a chance to make a comeback.

However, even if the Emperor Of Heaven succeeds, our days will not be easy. It would be best if the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha both suffer heavy losses. Then, it would be best for us to fish in troubled waters and become Supremes ourselves. The age of chaos is about to begin. "

"It is too early to say that the Imperial Court will succeed. The Emperor Of Heaven has yet to make a move. As soon as the Emperor Of Heaven makes a move, Gu Chensha will have to make a move. "

"The final victory will still depend on the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha. If the two of them cannot determine a victor, all the other battles will be pointless."

"We should wait for the final battle. We do not know how the future will develop. The changes in the future are really confusing. Under such circumstances, we do not know which side to bet on." "Look, another variable has appeared."

Countless people were watching the battle. Images of the battle were constantly being displayed in the sky. Even ordinary people with low levels of cultivation, or cultivators who had just stepped into the Dao Realm, could see everything clearly.

As Zhuge Ya devoured 108 stars, his power grew stronger and stronger. Finally, someone came to stop him. Rumble!

A huge spell formation broke through the greyspace and descended. Then appeared the ancient Heavenly Kings, Heavenly Kings of Primordial Chaos, Heavenly Kings of Daluo, Heavenly Kings of East Flower, Heavenly Kings of Wisdom, The Great Spirit God, God Maha, Demon God of Chaos, Dharma Saint, Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, Wan Senshi, Old Man Untainted, the three Celestials, and Jing Qiu and Gu Huo.

This was especially true for Jing Qiu and Gu Huo. Although their Hearts of the Four Wilds had been taken, their Heavenly King Origins were still there.

Jing Qiu had taken Jing Fanxing's Innocuous Heavenly King Origins, while Gu Huo had been born with Calamity Heavenly King Origins. The Great Burning Heavenly King, Xiao Yan, had also appeared.

Among the Nine Heavenly Kings, Primordial Chaos, Daluo, East Flower, Wisdom, Calamity, Innocuous, and Great Burning Heavenly King had all appeared.

Only Heavenly King of Jin had been crippled, and Heavenly King of Punishments had become a member of the Imperial Court.