Chapter 1059
============

The wind and clouds surged.

At this time, the Fourth Gu Huasha was surrounded by a brilliant light. From the outside, he looked like a man of light, his face couldn't be seen at all. But his aura was countless times stronger than before. It seemed that he was about to break through at any time and step into a new realm, that was the Undying Realm. However, until now, the Fourth Gu Huasha was still in the Heavenly Path Realm.

Of course, the Heavenly Path Realm was also divided into different levels. For example, in the current multiverse of the human world, the bigger the universe, the stronger the Heavenly Path Master born in it. The smaller the universe, the weaker the Heavenly Path Master born.

For example, now, the giant universe created by the Big Bang of Fa Wuxian was about to be unified by the Arcane Kingdom. The Heavenly Path Master born in this empire would be very strong.

Of course, the strongest were the Heavenly Path Masters born in the new world. These Heavenly Path Masters were all invincible, almost invincible, they weren't at the same level as the other Heavenly Path Masters.

But now, the Fourth Gu Huasha seemed to be on an equal footing with the Heavenly Path Masters born in the new world, and even surpassed them. No one knew how he cultivated. In short, now he had the potential to advance to the Undying Realm. Even Mr. Wu Wu couldn't underestimate the Fourth Gu Huasha in front of him.

"That's strange, although he swallowed the elixir that the Emperor Of Heaven had transformed into, he would advance to the Heavenly Path Realm, but he wouldn't be so fierce. Why is that?"

Mr. Wu Wu didn't understand. In his calculations, the Fourth Gu Huasha couldn't have achieved what he had now.

"I think our opportunity has come. This giant universe, the Arcane Kingdom, has great potential, and it's still in its infancy. After the Arcane Kingdom expands, even without Fa Wuxian's gourd, it has the opportunity to advance to the Undying Realm. I can say with certainty that if anyone wants to advance to the Undying Realm, they can only find the opportunity in the Arcane Kingdom," The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "but I still hope that Mr. Wu Wu can give me this opportunity."

"Of course. You and your brother Gu Chensha are like fire and water. Furthermore, we also have a connection. In fact, our birth is the birth of the union between Gu Chensha and the old world's Heavenly Dao."

Mr. Wu Wu said, "So, you're one of us. Why don't you enter the Arcane World and make all kinds of arrangements?"

"I know, but I'm here today to tell you, I hope that you can give me the opportunity to advance to the Undying Realm. Also, I don't want the gourd that Fa Wuxian transformed into. "

The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "Now, everyone thinks that the only chance to advance to the Undying Realm is to get the gourd of Fa Wuxian. But I think there's another chance, and that's the origin of the Arcane Kingdom. Whoever controls the origin and obtains the strongest foundation from it can advance to the Undying Realm. I believe that all of you know that. I can make a deal with you, once I advance to the Undying Realm, I'll help you kill Gu Chensha. What do you think?" "We'll allow it." Mr. Wu Wu, Mr. Wu Xin, Mr. Wu Wei, and Mr. Wu Xiang looked at each other and said, "That's a deal."

"Without your consent, I can't get this opportunity. If we make a deal now, that opportunity is mine." The Fourth Gu Huasha nodded, and with a slight movement, he disappeared without a trace.

"This person has changed, he doesn't seem to be in our control."

Mr. Wu Wu looked at the back of The Fourth Gu Huasha as he left, "Ever since he swallowed the elixir that the Emperor Of Heaven transformed into, everything seems to be beyond our expectations. Why is that?"

"Now that the Way of Heaven has changed, no one can say for sure," Mr. Wu Xin said, "But, should we give him the opportunity or not?"

"Give it to him. I can see that deep down, he has already fallen out with Gu Chensha, and only he can harm Gu Chensha. However, even if he ascends to the Peerless Immortal Realm, I'm afraid he isn't unkillable. If his sacrifice this time can seriously harm Gu Chensha, I'm afraid it's a good thing," Mr. Wu Xiang said.

"Indeed, if Gu Huasha can ascend to the Peerless Immortal Realm and sacrifice himself to perish together with Gu Chensha, he will definitely be able to deal a heavy blow to Gu Chensha. However, I'm afraid he won't be so obedient," Mr. Wu Xiang said.

"Whether he's obedient or not isn't up to him. We promised him the Peerless Immortal Realm spot, but it's not that easy to get." Mr. Wu Xiang said, "He also promised to fight to the death with Gu Chensha.

At our level, anything we say is a foregone conclusion. If we don't carry it out, we'll be caught red-handed. "

"In that case, let's let Gu Huasha know the truth of doing what he says," Mr. Wu Xin said with a smile.

In another village of the Arcane Kingdom, Gu Chensha was walking around, observing, and looking at the style of the lowest society of the Arcane Kingdom. All of a sudden, he seemed to feel everything.

Looking into the depths of the void, he nodded, "The Fourth, The Fourth, you've gone astray, but I blame you, and I'm still helping you. The Emperor Heaven Elixir that you took was made by me, it's not the real Emperor Heaven Elixir.

It's the power of the new world, that's why your current realm has reached this level, but you can't understand all of this for the time being. When you do, you'll really understand. " As he spoke, he withdrew his gaze. In the distance, there were several Arcanists fighting.

Far away from the village was a mountain range. In the depths of the mountain range, there were many huge space-time tunnels. In the depths of the space-time tunnels, there were often monsters from other dimensions and other universes. These things would pose a great threat to the village and even nearby towns and cities, so there were Arcanists stationed there to defend. Buzz … In the depths of the mountain, the huge space-time tunnel wriggled again. A murderous aura rolled out.

The first thing that appeared was a black cloud. In the black cloud, there were many flying insects that were as long as a person. These flying insects had six wings, eight claws, and hooks on their tails that could spray venom.

"It's the Zerg." Gu Chensha knew at a glance which universe it was from.

He created the Human World and the Multiverse. In those universes, countless races were born, such as Heavenly Venerables, Heavenly Longevity, Heavenly Origin, Heavenly Realm, and Heavenly Dao experts emerged one after another. There were also many strange civilizations brewing. These Ancient Sands let nature take its course and didn't deliberately change anything.

The Zerg were an extremely terrifying race in the multiverse. They were born in an extremely mysterious universe called the Mother Nest Universe.

In the depths of the Mother Nest Universe, the race that was born had the innate ability to build huge warships that could travel through multiple dimensions. Their warships were made of flesh and blood, belonging to a genetic civilization.

It was also a variant of the technological civilization. Of course, it was similar to the Immortal Path and Martial Path civilizations.

The technological civilization created many machines that could eventually defy the heavens, while the Immortal Path and Martial Path civilizations cultivated themselves to defy the heavens and become immortal, doing whatever they wanted.

However, the Zerg were the genetic technology of the technological civilization, coupled with the various body building technologies of the Immortal Path and Martial Path civilizations.

When the two were combined, they formed the strongest genes of the Zerg. All the Zerg had extremely powerful bodies, and some Zerg were even more powerful than the warships of the technological civilization. They had countless abilities.

For example, the insectoids that were traversing the void right now actually had a huge battleship behind them. The main body of the battleship was also a giant insectoid. This giant insectoid was called the Internuclear Insectoid.

The power of the Internuclear Insect could tear the void and carry countless Zerg to invade one plane after another.

Deep in the genes of a race, there was the factor of invasion. The purpose of their birth was to plunder. They would invade one universe after another and plunder everything into their primitive universe, the 'Mother Nest Universe'.

Now, the Arcane Kingdom had occupied many places in this giant universe. If nothing went wrong, after many years, decades, maybe even a hundred years, they could completely occupy this giant universe. Such an aura had attracted the invasion of the Zerg. It was as if the smell of blood had attracted the Zerg. Just like when the Devil Clan invaded the Divine Central Continent.

Gu Chensha didn't care about these things, because he knew that the invasion of the Zerg had trained the abilities of all the arcanists of the Arcane Kingdom. The Zerg was like the Devil Clan in the past, it gave the people of the Arcane Kingdom the possibility to practice their skills.

"Thunder Spear."

In the face of the invasion of many Zerg, the arcanists there didn't seem to panic. One by one, the arcanists formed an army and suddenly broke out into a military formation to attack.

First, tens of thousands of arcanists simultaneously cast the arcane spell Thunder Spear. In their hands, a spear made of thunder and lightning appeared, and then they threw it out violently.

Then, tens of thousands of arcanists simultaneously cast another arcane spell, Acceleration. The Acceleration was added to the Thunder Spear and made the spear even faster.

"Combination!"

At this time, tens of thousands of arcanists cast another arcane spell, Combination, and all the Thunder Spears were combined together.

"Flash!"

Another ten thousand arcanists formed another camp, and at the same time, they cast the same arcane spell on the Thunder Spear.

"Amplification!" "Concussion!" "Blast!" "Binding!" "Soul Extraction!"

Countless arcanists formed an army formation, and in accordance with the most exquisite rules of combat, they cast the arcane spells on the Thunder Spear. In the blink of an eye, the power of the Thunder Spear reached its maximum. Boom!