Chapter 1144
============

Merging the Old with the New

"Who would have thought that He Ming obtained the essences of Zhou Qin and the masked man and gained a trillion years of lifespan. But He Ming is no match for me in the future. He might only be able to do so for a while." No one could see who the essences went to. Only Gu Chensha could see who the essences went to.

He Ming was a person with a lot of fate energy. Unfortunately, the essences went to him because they wanted to absorb his fate energy. To a certain extent, the essences were like a system, but they were still in a state of slumber.

"Is this what I call the law? My wishes come true? What kind of fortuitous encounter did I have? "He Ming was still thinking about his ability.

"This dead cultivator came back to life?" He Ming tried to form a scene in his sea of consciousness. Suddenly, the space around him seemed to change. Hum … The space shook, and the young cultivator who had just been killed came back to life again.

"What happened just now?"

After the young cultivator came back to life, he looked at He Ming with a gloomy expression. All of his memories were of capturing He Ming and torturing him. He wanted to make him beg for death, but couldn't. But then, he suddenly didn't know anything. Why was he here? And why did he let He Ming go?

"Junior, what did you do?" The young cultivator roared.

"Be my slave." He Ming used the young cultivator as an experiment.

Suddenly, the young cultivator seemed to be brainwashed, and he quickly knelt down. "Master, this subordinate greets you. If you have any orders, this subordinate will go through fire and water without hesitation."

"As expected, as long as I have a thought in my mind, I can achieve what I want. However, I don't know how big the scope of this thought is. Also, I can't say for sure how powerful I am. I can only take it slow and use this ability to increase my strength. Complete your own thoughts, "He Ming said. He Ming knew that he had a fortuitous encounter. But he didn't know how big it was.

"However, with this ability, I will be able to realize my own ideas. I will be able to rule the world and become a pillar of support for the imperial court. I will spread the ideals of the scholars all over the world. These cultivators will have no place to hide. They can only be slaves to us scholars. We scholars are the noblest people in the world." He Ming thought for a moment and began to pursue his own goals.

He Ming, who had obtained the essences of Zhou Qin and the masked man, was carrying out his plan. In the incredible universe, Chen Qi was still going through a tribulation. He was being attacked by many people.

"This is a good chance."

At that moment, the will of the New World, Gu Xinjian, and the will of the Old World, Gu Taxian, were overjoyed to see so many experts besieging Chen Qi and Zhou Qin dying together with the mysterious Paragon masked man.

"The mysterious masked man's universe is drying up and starting to collapse. He took most of the origin of the universe to deal with Zhou Qin. That's why Zhou Qin and the mysterious masked man died together. Now is our chance. Let's devour the will of that incredible universe and strengthen our own cultivation. Hahahaha …"

At that moment, the two experts joined forces and suddenly turned into a whirlwind. They went deep into the other incredible universe and started devouring the universe's will. In the multiverse, there were two incredible universes.

The first one was controlled by Chen Qi, and the second one was controlled by the mysterious masked man. These two universes had invincible power.

However, because of some kind of suppression, the two universes' wills were not completely born. One universe was controlled by Chen Qi, and the other was controlled by the mysterious masked man. Now, Chen Qi was going through a tribulation, and the mysterious masked man and Zhou Qin had died.

The mysterious masked man's universe had lost its origin because of his death. Now, it was like a group of dragons without a leader, and it was extremely chaotic. The two wills of Gu Xinjian and Gu Taxian combined.

Suddenly, their power reached a certain limit. They went deep into the universe and started devouring the origin of the will. The power of the two began to grow. Everyone's lifespan skyrocketed too.

Gu Xinjian's price soon rose to more than 500 billion, and the fake "Ancient Stepping on Deities" was the same.

Almost in an instant, the incredible universe started to collapse. Many spaces were torn apart, and the peerless Immortal Realm experts were divided among themselves.

"It's time, let's devour Chen Qi's universe and kill all the peerless Immortal Realm experts.

There are many spaces and continents in Chen Qi's incredible universe. They are all transformed from his world, and they are closely related to his cultivation. If we kill and refine them all, he will be injured too. Normally, it would be a small injury, but this is the most crucial moment for him. If he is injured, he won't be able to hold on and will be killed, "Gu Xinjian said.

"That's exactly what I wanted." The fake Gu Trampling Deity grinned. The two entered Chen Qi's incredible universe again. However, as soon as the two of them entered, a huge net enveloped them, trapping them within it. It was an ancient mystique. Wang Dong and the other experts were trying to kill the two.

"Gu Xinjian, Gu Taxian, we knew you two were up to no good, and now it turns out to be true."

Wang Dong used some kind of secret technique. Lightning flooded the net like an ocean, drowning Gu Xinjian and the fake Gu Taxian.

"Hahaha, a bunch of ants. How dare you set up an ambush here. You really don't know how high the sky is."

Gu Xinjian seemed to have already calculated this. He let out a long roar and a vortex appeared on his body. "If it was in the past, your ambush and teamwork would have been enough to make me flustered. But now, you're nothing more than ants. Do you understand?

We have devoured the will of another universe. Our cultivation is not something you can compare to. " Bang! He devoured all the lightning. Then, he tore it. The net was torn apart. The formation was destroyed, and he escaped from it. Hum … The two rushed in front of Wang Dong. Wang Dong and the others were in danger.

But at this moment, a golden light appeared in front of Wang Dong. Within the light was a contract. There were many Supreme Immortal Level names on the contract, as well as the names of Gu Xinjian and the fake Gu Taxian.

As the contract shook, layers of seals appeared on it. Gu Xinjian and the fake Gu Taxian burned, as if they were suffering from the backlash of the contract.

"Hahaha! Actually, I'm not Ancient Trampling Immortal, and the name on the contract isn't mine. I'm not bound by the Karma of my name, so this contract can't bind me. However, Gu Xinjian, you can die now."

The fake Gu Tianxian suddenly seized the opportunity and laughed maniacally. He didn't attack Wang Dong and the others, but Gu Xinjian instead. Chi!

His palm went deep into Gu Xinjian's body, causing an extremely painful expression to appear on Gu Xinjian's face.

"Gu Xinjian, fuse with my body. I will completely destroy your will and complete my power." The fake Gu Taxian said, "It is your honor.

It is also something you should do. I am your senior. Everything you have should be contributed to me. " "Wrong, the contribution is."

Gu Xinjian was about to be devoured, but at this moment, the situation suddenly changed. He did not die under the backlash of the contract. Instead, he seemed to have transferred the backlash to the fake Gu Taxian.

"If you want to devour me, you will have to devour my backlash first."

Gu Xinjian roared again and again as the backlash passed on, causing the fake "Ancient Stepping on Deities" to immediately fall into a desperate situation.

Then, Gu Xinjian grabbed the fake Gu Taxian's head. Immediately, the fake Gu Taxian's entire body started to shrink, and a lot of his power was completely absorbed.

"Ah …" The fake Gu Taxian's miserable scream was chilling. "Why, why did it turn out like this? My plan actually failed just like this?" "All of this was part of my plan."

Gu Xinjian said, "An old thing like you should retire from the stage of history. Now, everything you have is for me. Die." He increased the speed of devouring and absorbing.

In the blink of an eye, the fake "Ancient Trampling Immortal" let out a cry of discontent and disappeared completely.

The will of this old world could be said to have created everything. Just like that, it completely retired from the stage of history. A long time ago.

The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian fought against the original Heavenly Dao and suppressed it. In the end, he merged his will into the Heavenly Dao and created a mutated source. The mutated source descended and created many existences with destiny, such as the Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha, Gu Daoxian, Hongling Sha, and others. But now, all of these people had long since fallen and were replaced by new generations.

However, the final mutated source turned into the Old World and gave birth to the will of the Old World. This was the fake Ancient Stepping on Immortals.

This fake "Ancient Treading on Immortals" had not fallen for god knows how many years and had always stood at the pinnacle.

To a certain extent, he was one of the Creators of the multiverse. He represented the conservation of energy and the old order.

As for the new world's will, Gu Xinjian, he represented the infinite energy and the non-conservation of energy. He represented the new order. Now, the representative of the old order had fallen. The new order had devoured the old order. As a result, the strongest kind of transformation was born.

"This feels good. This is the final form of karma. The old and the new become one. I, Gu Xinjian, have also broken through. I am the first person to break through the trillion lifespan, not Chen Qi."

Gu Xinjian looked at his virtual interface. His lifespan had reached 99.9 billion, and he still had the potential to increase.