Chapter 596
===========

"What? You actually obtained all the memories and orthodoxy left by Heavenly Lord Taiyi? "

Taixuan was overjoyed. "With this orthodoxy, our Taiyi Fantasy Sect will be closer to the Profound Sect of Heaven and Earth. One day, we will surpass them."

"That's inevitable. With the support of our Calming Immortal Department, it won't be difficult for them to surpass the Black Heaven Earth Gate. This dimensional realm is far too vast and the amount of energy they receive every day is a thousand times that of a minor dimension. With so much world strength rushing about, just how many pills will be produced? Armor? Flying swords?

Not to mention, I have already deduced the Dragon-Raising Heart Sutra and Dragon-Making Heart Sutra to perfection. Next, I will deduce the Holy Dragon Sutra. If I can deduce more, both Taiyi Fantasy Sect and Profound Sect of the Universe will definitely surpass the Profound Sect of Heaven and Earth. "

Gu Chensha was also observing his own medium-class world. He was the creator of the world and had the authority of the world. If he used this authority, everything in the medium-class world would be displayed in his mind.

Otherwise, with his 24 changes of Dao Realm, he would be lost in the medium-class world. He would be like a small fish in the ocean. He wouldn't be able to find his way at all.

Even a god would have to explore a medium-class world for several years before they could figure out the scale of the world. A medium-class world was just too big.

According to all reasoning, only an Empyrean level cultivator that surpassed the 36 Transformations and gathered many Divinity level masters together would have the chance to create their own dimensional realm.

"You deduced the Holy Dragon Sutra?" The four of them strolled in the medium-class world and discussed what to do next.

Taiyi Fantasy Sect and Profound Sect of the Universe knew that they would definitely obtain great benefits from the Department of Tranquility. They didn't make any requests because they knew that Gu Chensha was a good person and would definitely handle it well.

"Just some bits and pieces."

Gu Chensha said, "However, I have obtained a gourd of Holy Dragon Qi, and I will continue to nurture it. With the help of the Heavenly Dao, I will be able to deduce more. However, if you want to rely on this to become an Innate Saint, that is just wishful thinking." As they walked, the four of them came to the Tree of Desire.

The Tree of Wishes was rapidly expanding. The moment the minor chiliocosm transformed into a medium-sized world, the Tree of Wishes became complete. The God of Wishes on it actually had the aura of a Divergent. The Tree of Wishes had swallowed the heart of a Divergent, so it naturally had the aura of a Divergent.

"The Tree of Wishes has reached perfection. It's equivalent to 36 Divine level experts, and it's still growing."

Chang Weiyang observed carefully. With her cultivation, she would soon be able to understand some of the secrets and benefit her own cultivation.

The God of Wishes was now 10,000 kilometers tall, and the rainbow-like wings on its back were 30,000 kilometers long. They permeated into many parallel spaces, and with just a slight flap, they would bring about a space-time storm. The appearance of the God of Wishes was the same as Gu Chensha's. Hey!

Tai Xuan Du slashed out with his palm. Immediately, with his palm as the center, lightning condensed in the air and shot outwards. Pfft!

This palm of Taixuan Du's was called the Taiyi World-Breaking Thunder Palm. This palm suddenly exploded. With the cultivation of Taixuan Du's Saint, he could destroy the world of dust. Even if he was trapped in a dangerous place, he could use this palm to break the space and fly out.

Unfortunately, when his palm came into contact with the crystal wall of this medium-sized world, the crystal wall wiggled slightly and absorbed the power of the palm completely.

"Too strong.

Even if my Taiyi World Shattering God Thunder Palm was ten times stronger, it still wouldn't be able to break through the barrier of this dimensional realm. In other words, if you keep us here, we'll be completely trapped. "

Tai Xuan Du had personally tested the power of a medium-sized world. Trying to shake it was like an ant trying to shake a tree. He was overestimating himself.

"Even for Celestial Venerables, it is not easy to break out of a medium-sized world. If we are trapped, we can only wait for death. The outcome is to be slowly refined. If it was simple, why couldn't we cultivate it after so many years?

Of the ancient 72 Mysterious Gates, only the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth has successfully cultivated it. "

Chang Weiyang also sent out a tearing light. She wanted to use her supreme cultivation to see if she could find a chance to break out. Unfortunately, no matter how she changed, the medium-sized world did not budge.

Gu Chensha knew that these two masters were actually trying to understand some of the secrets of a medium-sized world. After they returned, they hoped that their sects could also transform. His original intention was to give these two masters a chance to comprehend it.

Even with Chang Weiyang and Tai Xuan Du's nobility, they had no chance to observe a real medium-sized world.

He waved his hand, and the God of Wishes spat out a bead. It fell into his hand. Inside the ancient chaos, a Celestial Venerables sat upright and kept talking about the ancient truth. "Master Xuandu, the Taiyi Bead has been completely activated by us.

"Sect Leader Xuandu, the Extreme Unity Pearl has been completely activated by us. All of Heavenly Lord Extreme Celestial's teachings are recorded inside. Now, I will give this pearl to you. Take it back and suppress it within Heavenly Palace of Extreme Celestial. Stimulate the power of this pearl. Heavenly Palace of Extreme Celestial's devouring power, defensive power, offensive power and the power of creation within will double. If there is a chance encounter in the future, Heavenly Lord Extreme Celestial might be resurrected. When that happens, Heavenly Palace of Extreme Celestial will become a medium-sized world.

"Thank you very much. This time, our Taiyi Mystical Sect has made a huge profit."

Tai Xuan Du was really grateful. He was a Saint-level master and had reached the 35th change of Dao Realm, "Dust Desolation". He could turn a dust land into a universe desolation with a flick of his finger. His realm was many times higher than Gu Chensha's. If Gu Chensha didn't use the power of the medium-sized world, he wouldn't be able to match him at all. Even if he increased his realm by a few more realms, he still wouldn't be able to defeat him. But in his heart, he couldn't see through Gu Chensha's intentions at all.

He knew that as long as Gu Chensha became a god level master, even Chang Weiyang wouldn't be able to defeat him one on one. The power of the Heavenly Dao wasn't something that could be comprehended by ordinary thinking.

Of course, if Gu Chensha became a god level master, whether or not he could resist the call of the Heavenly Dao was another matter.

Tai Xuan Du had to resist the call of the Heavenly Dao all the time. If he wasn't careful, he might be destroyed and become one with the Heavenly Dao. In the future, he could only rely on the power of sacrifices to make his spirit manifest for a while.

"Unending Headmaster, this is the Fountain of Youth that I promised you before."

Zhuge Ya took out a jar of spring water and said, "This is a supreme treasure that Jiang Gongwang collected. It's the sweet spring water that flows from the Primordial Tree. It will be of great help to you in breaking through to the Celestial Venerable Realm. Moreover, this Tree of Wishes contains the secret techniques that we, the Tranquil Deity Department, have comprehended and combined from the memories of countless ancient saints. You can also take a look at them to your heart's content."

"You are really generous. You even let me see such a core secret like the Tree of Hope without any reservation." Chang Weiyang sighed. "It seems like you will definitely be kings in the future."

"You two can watch me calculate the Holy Dragon Mantra. If there are any flaws, please give me some pointers. You don't have any secrets about the Taiyi Mystical Sect and the Universe Profound Sect." Gu Chensha suddenly called out. The space split open and seven people appeared. They were Liu Yu, Qian Zhen, Mo Chao, Zhou Bu, Jia Liang, Long Zaifei, and Lou Huaiyue.

These seven people were peerless geniuses. After cultivating Dragon-raising Mantra and Dragon-making Mantra for so many days, they had long stimulated a certain potential in their bodies. The Dragon-raising Qi and Dragon-making Qi intertwined with each other and transformed into a perfect Taiji Dao.

Among the geniuses in Unending Immortal Department, these seven people were most likely to be enlightened and become natural-born sages. The other people's accumulations were much weaker. Gu Chensha could only take it one step at a time.

"Untainted Land Transformation, Dragon Gate Appears!"

Gu Chensha's body changed and he suddenly turned into a huge Untainted Land Dragon Gate. It was 30,000 meters tall. Then, he swallowed all the gourd of Holy Dragon Qi that he had obtained from Gu Tanjian.

"Untainted Land Dragon Gate Transformation!"

Chang Weiyang and Tai Xuan observed carefully. They communicated with each other, "As expected, he swallowed the talisman left by the Untainted Land Dragon Gate and grasped some secrets of this Untainted Land supreme magic treasure. Using Heavenly Dao Method to change it, he can actually simulate some profundity. We can't do this."

The Holy Dragon Qi in the gourd kept circulating in the Untainted Land Dragon Gate that Gu Chensha had turned into. It turned into a person with a human head and a dragon body. It looked like a person with the word "Dao". It kept talking about the secrets of becoming a sage from a mortal. How could an ordinary person become a sage? Were sages born? In ancient times, sages were not born. People could become sages through cultivation. However, that era was even older than the Untainted Land.

Chang Weiyang and Tai Xuan listened to the Holy Dragon Qi being injected into the Heavenly Dao Method. It actually stimulated the secrets of the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra. They couldn't help but remember it.

They knew that this was the supreme secret between sages and the Heavenly Dao. If they could obtain it, it would be very beneficial for them to resist the call of the Heavenly Dao and predestined tribulations.

Especially Chang Weiyang. Although she was an anomaly, because of this, she would be accompanied by a huge tribulation. There was a risk of dying at any time.

Gu Chensha calculated and brewed in this dimensional world. After seven months, he suddenly shook. The Untainted Land Dragon Gate that he had turned into dispersed. The Holy Dragon Qi split into seven parts and entered the bodies of the seven people.

During these seven months, the seven people cultivated bitterly around Gu Chensha. They increased their strength again. Now that they were stimulated by the seven parts of the Holy Dragon Qi, they suddenly changed. All of them broke through their bottlenecks. The aura of natural born sages was as sacred as the sea and as vast as the sky.

Especially Liu Yu, Qian Zhen, Mo Chao, Zhou Bu, and Jia Liang. When they leveled up, their bodies suddenly released five majestic auras. They were the thoughts of the Five Seasons Deities.

"Hmph!"

Chang Weiyang snorted coldly. "The Five Seasons Deities' plan is not bad. They actually want to devour the original spirits of these five people and replace them to revive. Did they not think that this is a dimensional world? Can they succeed? The old Five Seasons Deities have already fallen. Even if it is your plan, they can still revive. "