Chapter 249
===========

The Divine Demon Book was placed in front of him.

No matter who opened it, a cloud of white mist would erupt from the book, guarding the book tightly. It was impossible to open it and read the contents inside. Only the green and white snakes could open it.

However, this wasn't important. Gu Chensha had already learned all the contents in the book and was now imparting them to Lou Baiyue and The Fourth.

The Divine Demon Book recorded countless ancient demon race mystic arts. They were very powerful and unique. With Lou Baiyue and Gu Huasha's aptitude, they were immediately enlightened and gained great insights.

Their insights were reflected back, allowing Gu Chensha to figure out many things that he hadn't thought of before.

The three of them were peerless geniuses. When they gathered together to comprehend martial arts and calculate the intricacies, they could understand all the details in the Connate Divine Demon Book.

"The Twenty-Eight Constellation Fey God Transformation in the Divine Demon Book is upright and upright. It uses the power of the stars to form shackles and transform into the Fey God Starlord. It's equivalent to a supreme avatar cultivation method. This concept is simply amazing. "

Lou Baiyue marveled. "When ordinary people cultivate, the Connate Stellar Qi stored in their dantian is ultimately limited. They have to find treasures of heaven and earth to cultivate into Dharma treasures to store Stellar Qi and temporarily borrow it. However, those are all low-level methods. This Fey God Starlord is in between a living being and an avatar. It uses the power of the stars to store Stellar Qi. This is something that many immortal Dao methods can't do. Only the power of the stars has such power."

As she spoke, starlight appeared in her hand. The moment it landed, it formed a swallow. This swallow was ancient and ancient, dark and gloomy. It was one of the seven constellations of the Black Tortoise, Wei Yueyan, one of the 28 Demon God Star Sovereigns.

"Unfortunately, it's meaningless for me to store Connate Stellar Qi. When the Great Massacre Divine Art is cultivated to the limit, the essence energy of the myriad worlds and dimensions can be used at will, condensing into God Massacre Stellar Qi. The various dimensions of essence energy collide and combine. As long as you willed it, you can produce endless Stellar Qi." Lou Baiyue dispersed Wei Yueyan. The star power fell to the ground and seeped into the castle.

"Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor is truly powerful."

At this moment, the Black Tortoise baby had become the size of a puppy, and it let out a shocked voice. "If I'm not wrong, this Great God Massacre is using his supreme will to permeate into the millions of dimensions. Only then can he borrow the energy of those dimensions at will, combining them and using all kinds of formulas to brew and form all kinds of God Massacre Qi. This technique is equivalent to using his own will to control the myriad worlds, the past, the present, and the future. From the memories of my ancestor's bloodline, I've never seen a technique stronger than this.

However, only the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor was able to cultivate it. Why are you able to communicate with the myriad worlds and subdue dimensions? " "I don't know either."

Lou Baiyue shook her head. "Black Tortoise, Chensha, The Fourth, help me. I'll activate the Great Massacre Divine Art's Endless Realm and will definitely be able to break the Skydemon Book's restrictions."

"What is the Endless Realm?" Gu Chensha and the Black Tortoise Baby The Fourth both asked. They were completely baffled.

"I can't explain it either. You won't be able to understand it either, but I don't believe that the Skydemon Book can withstand it.

For this, I even brought nine Celestial Sacred Dragon Soldiers. They have already accumulated enough strength and can help me. "With a wave of Lou Baiyue's hand, the nine Celestial Sacred Dragon Soldiers appeared around the room.

The Celestial Sacred Dragon Soldiers had actually shrunk to the size of an ordinary person. This wasn't a decrease in strength. On the contrary, it was a manifestation of power condensing.

"We know that the Celestial Sacred Dragon Soldiers require a huge amount of energy to support them." Gu Chensha already knew what Lou Baiyue was going to do.

The Celestial Sacred Dragon Soldiers were extremely powerful, but it wasn't very convenient to use. Typically, it would take 36 days to unleash a single strike. This puppet was an ancient Desolate God. The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had bestowed it to the Immortal Tranquility Department as a stabilizing item. Each Celestial Sacred Dragon Soldier's strike exceeded a Golden Core expert's. Furthermore, the longer they were accumulated, the stronger they were.

Most importantly, after obtaining the Celestial Sacred Dragon Soldiers, Lou Baiyue had conducted research on them. She often injected her Stellar Energy into them and cultivated diligently. Apart from becoming more mystical, the Celestial Sacred Dragon Soldiers had also obtained a huge amount of energy.

With the help of the nine Celestial Sacred Dragon Soldiers, Lou Baiyue was confident that she could crack the Skydemon Book.

"Chensha, inject your Stellar Energy into my body. We will transform. The Fourth and the Black Tortoise will power the Celestial Sacred Dragon Soldiers. At the same time, we can use the immortal energy stored here. As long as we open the Skydemon Book, we will benefit greatly. "

A smile appeared on Lou Baiyue's face. "This is also an opportunity for us to improve. The Skydemon Book's restrictive spell was jointly set up by many demon sages back then. Attacking their restrictive spell is equivalent to fighting the will of the ancient demon sages. This is a rare experience."

The reason why they chose this place was because the Black Tortoise baby had painstakingly managed this place. It had gathered a huge amount of immortal energy deep underground. This immortal energy was injected into the Celestial Sacred Dragon Soldier, allowing it to reach its maximum power.

Furthermore, the Skydemon Book belonged to the demon race and the Black Tortoise was the God of the Four Symbols. It was a peak existence of the demon race. With the Black Tortoise's aura and bloodline, there was a chance of opening the Skydemon Book. Everyone present sat up straight.

A ball of light appeared above Gu Chensha's head. Within the ball of light, mountains, rivers, and lands appeared. There were many commoners living there. Farmers, fishermen, officials, scholars … The commoners' faces were exactly the same as Gu Chensha's. This meant that Gu Chensha circulated his Mortal People Heaven Mending Technique.

"You actually improved to such a realm and comprehended the crux." The Fourth was truly astonished. "The vast rivers and mountains and the common people are all within." Boom! Gu Chensha injected the Mortal People Heaven Mending Technique into Lou Baiyue's body.

In an instant, Lou Baiyue's black hair fluttered. Her entire body emitted the strongest aura. The surrounding wind and clouds surged, and even the meteorological phenomena were triggered.

Above her head, a black hole with a radius of half an acre appeared. Essence energy that was as viscous as jade flowed down and directly wrapped around the Skydemon Book.

Gu Chensha's cultivation had improved extremely quickly during this period of time. He had broken through the most critical step and transformed the Clumsy Fist into the Mortal People Heaven Mending Technique. This way, his Xiantian Gang Qi changed greatly, and the benefits to Lou Baiyue were unbelievably great. With the injection of Gu Chensha's Gang Qi, Lou Baiyue was about to break through.

Lou Baiyue's realm improved really quickly and she was already at the 14th transformation of Dao Realm. This was a consolidation process. Normally, top celestial cultivators would need to cultivate for dozens of years to train their souls. Only then would they be able to form the 15th transformation, Heaven Eye Hanging Sky. They would be able to observe many mysteries and deduce all sorts of things.

Thinking about it, three years ago, Lou Baiyue wasn't even at Dao Realm. In just three short years, she had such huge achievements. Her talent was comparable to that of a Natural Saint. Actually, when Lou Baiyue cultivated alone, she was a top genius. But when she dual cultivated with Gu Chensha, her talent was close to that of a Natural Saint.

If not for her encounter in the Bone Burial Land and dual cultivating with Gu Chensha, she would only be at the 7th transformation of Dao Realm.

At that moment, Black Tortoise and Gu Huasha started to inject their own strength into the Saint Dragon Weapon. Black Tortoise slashed with its claws.

Celestial energy flew up from the earth veins, turning into a rainbow that injected into the depths of the Saint Dragon Weapon.

The nine Saint Dragon Weapons shrunk once more, turning into thumb-sized runes that wanted to drill into the depths of the Heaven Monster Book. Honglong!

The Heavenly Demon Book once again erupted with boundless brilliance, firmly blocking all the attacks outside.

"Endless World."

At that moment, Lou Baiyue waved her hands and suddenly, a Gang Qi formed into a shape. This shape was round but not round, square but not square.

Gu Chensha didn't know what it was but he felt that a lot of energy was gathering in the depths of the space and seeping into the depths of the Endless World. The Endless World wrapped up the Heaven Monster Book.

At that moment, the nine Saint Dragon Weapons drilled into the Endless World and occupied nine spots. They formed a whole.

Black Tortoise waved its claws and shot out all kinds of runes that constantly injected into the depths of the Saint Dragon Weapon. The Saint Dragon Weapon assisted Lou Baiyue, almost becoming her incarnation. Boom!

The nine Saint Dragon Weapons transformed into an array formation and cooperated with Lou Baiyue's Endless World. It seemed to have the power to smelt everything and slice apart the gods. It struck the Heaven Monster Book's restriction spell until it radiated light everywhere.

"Very good. I don't believe that no matter how powerful the Heaven Monster Book is, it's still a dead object. The ancient demon sages have long disappeared. How can it withstand my Endless World?" Lou Baiyue struck out with boundless light again. Her Endless World expanded and everyone seemed to see the secrets of multiple dimensions. The will of the dimensions descended and blasted away all obstructions.

Gu Chensha knew how ferocious the power was this time. What exactly was Lou Baiyue's Endless World? It was a peerless killer move that belonged to the will of the Essence Soul. It was a killer move that used the will of many dimensions to attack something.

However, this move had to go through one's body, which meant killing oneself first before killing the enemy.

However, Lou Baiyue used the nine Celestial Soldiers of the Saint Dragon to release his will onto the Book of Sky Demon.

This was the power of the Great Massacre Divine Art. It didn't use one's own strength at all. Instead, it used all kinds of mysterious formulas and frequencies to draw on a single point, triggering the power and will of various dimensions. Then, they would change with each other to produce peerless might.

The many dimensions were like a sea of oil, and one's body was like a spark. One didn't need much strength to create an earth-shattering effect. However, this was purely playing with fire and dancing on the tip of a knife.

Even though Gu Chensha was now a peerless genius and could understand some of the principles of the Great Massacre Divine Art, he couldn't cultivate it at all.

Indeed, Lou Baiyue used the will of many dimensions to attack the Heaven Monster Book. Immediately, the fog on it dissipated inch by inch.

Even if the ancient demon sages were revived, they would never have imagined that there would be something as terrifying as the Great Massacre Divine Art. Even if they joined forces, they wouldn't be able to defeat the Heaven Talisman Great Emperor.

Under the unprecedented cultivation technique created by the Heaven Talisman Great Emperor, the book seemed to have loosened up. Buzz … The book trembled as if a space had been opened.