Chapter 1052
============

Chapter One: All Kinds

His companions were masters of the Ancestor Realm. But when they entered the Arcane Continent, they were suppressed by the power of the Arcane Network. They were almost like ordinary people, but their bodies still contained a huge amount of power of the Ancestor Realm. Now they were sacrificed by Old Meng to the Arcane Network. Immediately, the Arcane Network could get the power of so many Ancestor Realms. In exchange, it could recognize Old Meng's identity and also improve Old Meng's arcane level.

Of course, Old Meng had practiced the Dragonless Cultivation Method. If he hadn't practiced the Dragonless Cultivation Method, he wouldn't have been recognized by the Arcane Network of the Arcane Kingdom.

"Arcane Level, 5000 …" Boom!

Old Meng sacrificed these companions of the Ancestor Realm. Immediately, the arcane power in his body was boiling, and there was an arcane robe on his body. There were 5,000 stars on the arcane robe.

These stars gathered together and flowed like the Milky Way. Unlike ordinary robes, it was a reward from the Arcane Network, which represented a great contribution to the Arcane Network.

That was to say, even the high-level arcanists of the Arcane Kingdom, the Arcane Guild didn't recognize Old Meng, but the great Arcane Network had recognized Old Meng. In this way, he could be said to have a firm foothold in the Arcane Kingdom.

"The Arcane Kingdom is too big. The arcanists of the Arcane Guild form the highest level of the kingdom. Although it's the ruling class, it's not monolithic. There are places worth currying favor. In the Arcane Kingdom, there are also many wandering arcanists who painstakingly study arcane by themselves. I'm one of them now. I have to find the gourd formed by Fa Wuxian and advance to the Immortal Realm. As long as I advance to the Immortal Realm, between heaven and earth, I'll be able to do whatever I want, I'll no longer have to worry about anything. The Arcane Kingdom will be in my pocket. With the Arcane Kingdom, I can unify the universe and become the strongest existence. Even the new world will be trampled by me." While talking, Old Meng suddenly activated the arcane skills.

"Arcane, space, manufacturing, puppets, elves …" Soon, in the space, an arcane tower appeared. The arcane tower had 99 floors, all of them were golden in color and inlaid with many gems. These gems were arcane gems that he created out of thin air.

Arcane gems were extremely precious. They could be used to seal arcane skills and then release them directly.

For example, an Arcana Master who had reached the rank of five thousand could seal many of his Arcana Techniques into Arcana Gems and give them to a lower-ranked Arcana Master, who would be able to use them. An arcanist who had reached Level 5,000 could use his own mind to create an arcane skill gems.

A powerful arcanist who had reached Level 5,000 could create an arcane skill gems with of Arcane skill. of his.

Just as Old Meng sacrificed his companions and obtained a huge arcane level, he created the Arcane Tower and hid in the depths of space. Another master coldly watched his actions.

The master seemed to have just entered the Arcane Kingdom, but he didn't seem to have suffered any damage. The arcanist was a young man. He was also wearing an arcane magic robe with 30,000 stars on it.

"I, Lu Zhengrong, am in the Great Gate Universe of the Way of Heaven. In order to pursue the Immortal Realm, I gathered all my power and even sacrificed the Great Gate Universe and my own Great Gate Universe to the arcane network. That's how I was recognized by the arcane network and obtained the status of an arcanist with Level 30,000. Old Meng, you've only sacrificed a few companions and you want to get that gourd? It's simply wishful thinking. Capture him." The young man, Lu Zhengrong, suddenly activated an arcane skill.

"Arcane skill, Great Seal skill, Great Binding skill, Great Entanglement skill.

Arcane skill, eliminate cause and effect. Arcane skill, obliterate traces. Arcane skill, soundless. " In an instant, many incredible arcane skills were activated.

These arcane skills gathered together and immediately sealed Old Meng. Even the slightest fluctuation in the space couldn't be caused.

In the Arcane Kingdom, high-level arcanists couldn't fight casually. Once they fought, it would lead to the death of countless people and the destruction of countless cities. The consequences were unpredictable. At that time, the Arcane Union would issue an arrest warrant. But the young man, Lu Zhengrong, caught Old Meng in an instant without causing any fluctuation. Even the arcane network didn't respond.

Lu Zhengrong had extremely high authority in the arcane network because he had sacrificed a universe to the arcane network.

"Who are you …" Old Meng was terrified.

"You can sacrifice others, others can also sacrifice you. The mantis stalks the cicada, unaware of the oriole behind."

Lu Zhengrong said, "Old Meng, I won't get any benefits from sacrificing you. You can be my subordinate, but I'm going to control your mind. Sign a soul slave contract with me. " Arcane skill, contract.

Then, Lu Zhengrong activated the arcane skill and formed a contract in front of him. There were many harsh words on the contract. From then on, Old Meng would be Lu Zhengrong's slave. His life and everything belonged to his master. His master could kill him at any time and make him do anything.

There were many kinds of arcane skills in the contract system. There were slave contracts, equality contracts, love contracts, property contracts, sales contracts and so on. As long as the two parties signed it, they would be bound by the arcane contract. If they violated it, they would suffer serious consequences. In the Arcane Kingdom, arcane contract was very popular. All commercial sales, contracts, and transactions between nobles were almost all arcane contracts.

So in the Arcane Kingdom, there were very few lawsuits because there was no need for a lawsuit. Those who violated the arcane contract would be directly punished by the terms of the contract.

"Sign the contract," Lu Zhengrong said.

"I won't sign it, I won't sign it." Old Meng looked at the contract in front of him and there was a look of fear on his face.

"Very well, arcane skill, it's better to die than to live."

Lu Zhengrong injected an arcane skill of torture into Old Meng's body. Suddenly, Old Meng screamed, it was really better to die than to live.

This arcane skill of torture was the latest development. This arcane skill of torture was actually a combination of many arcane skills, such as Pain Skill, Illusion Skill, Bone Extraction Skill, Skinning Skill, Recovery Skill and so on. The purpose was to torture the opponent, but not to let the opponent die. Let the opponent be in pain that was worse than death and finally compromise.

Sure enough, after two hours of torture, Old Meng was only left with one breath, "I'm willing to sign the contract, I'm willing to sign it." "Very well, sign it." Lu Zhengrong sneered. Then, Old Meng engraved his Soul Brand on the contract. Suddenly, the contract disappeared. Boom! Old Meng recovered and knelt in front of Lu Zhengrong, "Master, I'm at your command." "Very well, now we can start to lay out the plan." Lu Zhengrong's body flashed and disappeared.

"Another extremely strong person in the realm of Heaven Path has entered the Arcane Kingdom …" Gu Chensha saw the scene clearly, "This Lu Zhengrong is really amazing. He's so cruel that he sacrificed the universe that gave birth to him to the Arcane Network in exchange for the recognition of the Arcane Network. It seems that he's determined to get the gourd condensed by Fa Wuxian."

Gu Chensha pointed, and suddenly everything in the Arcane Kingdom appeared in front of him. Every moment, there were countless people entering the Arcane Kingdom. As soon as some people entered, they were suppressed by the network of the Arcane Kingdom and struggled to survive. Some people directly sacrificed to the network of the Arcane Kingdom and obtained their identity. As a result, the network of the Arcane Kingdom began to expand. The entire Arcane Network also completely opened up some things and its power surged. That was actually the immigration authority.

Many people began to search for the Supreme Immortal Level gourd and entered the giant universe. The instinct of the Arcane Network seemed to have discovered something and began to attract those masters to enter. As a condition for the masters to enter, they had to sacrifice their power to the Arcane Network.

In this way, the power of the Arcane Network itself was almost increasing day by day, almost becoming a combination of multiple universes. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha stepped directly into the deepest part of the Arcane Kingdom. In the deepest space, there was an extremely magnificent Arcane Tower in the space to suppress everything.

That was the highest Arcane Tower of the Arcane Guild and also the place where the government of the Arcane Kingdom was located. The highest elders of the Arcane Kingdom lived there. Through the Arcane Network, they managed everything in the whole kingdom and the whole continent. Jiang Ge entered it.

Then, he came to the top floor of the Arcane Tower. Inside was a huge ball. Next to the ball, there were more than a dozen elders sitting. These elders wore arcane robes with more than 50,000 stars.

There was an arcanist with a white beard who reached the ground, his arcane level was almost 100,000.

"The Arcane Network is getting more and more difficult to control. Now that we've joined forces, we still feel powerless." The arcanist elder with a white beard who reached the ground said.

"We haven't been able to control the Arcane Network since ancient times. The entire Arcane Network was derived from the Arcane Universe. We were just the first to discover the Arcane Network and then make use of it."

An arcanist with 60,000 stars said, "In the past, we could still control the situation. But now, since the Big Bang, many universes together with our Arcane Kingdom have formed this giant universe. The Arcane Network's self-ability has awakened. It may have felt the danger and began to expand and accept outsiders. What should we do now?

If the outsiders are getting stronger and stronger, it's likely that we won't be able to control the Arcane Kingdom and the power will be seized by others. "

"For the Arcane Network, now we're just its stewards, managing the wealth of the Empire. If there's a better steward, he'll immediately replace us." An elder with 80,000 stars said.