Chapter 870
===========

One Second Remember 09, providing you with exciting reading. Chapter 867: Blocking Disaster

Gu Chensha imparted the Dragonless Heart Sutra that he had obtained to Lou Baiyue, causing Lou Baiyue to finally awaken the mysterious power in his body. He then ascended to the Celestial Lord Realm and was able to take charge of an area by himself, transforming the 360 Great Generals of the common people into Celestial Lords.

Such a huge change caused the destiny of the Yongchō to be so strong that it was almost unparalleled.

It had to be known that in the past dynasties, the appearance of an Empyrean, even a Sage or a God-level powerhouse was a great blessing. They could extend the lifespan of the imperial court and even bring about a resurgence of the imperial court.

There were many such examples in history. When a dynasty reached its end, it would be filled with flames of war, filled with corruption, and the people would be in a frenzy. But at this time, a God-level powerhouse or a Saint-level powerhouse would appear in the court and turn the tide, reforming the court and stabilizing the world, extending the dynasty's lifespan for hundreds of years. That was the case for God-level and Saints, let alone Sky Lords?

Sky Lords were not included. Now the entire Yongchō had 365 more Sky Lords. Let alone the people of their own dynasty, even their enemies would feel their scalps go numb.

Especially these Sky Lords. They were not puppets of the prehistoric civilization, but living people with sacrificial powers. The General was not a puppet, but a living person.

Their sacrificial power was equivalent to a real Sky Lord's sacrificial power. In fact, it was much stronger than normal Sky Lords. As such, the world was truly suppressed by this power. Many restless people did not dare to do anything in the depths of their hearts.

Especially now that the people were enlightened, the Department of Calming Immortals spread many cultivation secrets and information all over the world. Even the common people knew the cultivation realms, as well as the corresponding power and abilities of each realm. Even children could recite the various states of the 36 Dao Realm Transformations. [0↑ 9 △ Small ↓ Say △ Net .09 】

Then, above the 36 Transformations, the Sky Lords, Sky Longevity, Sky Origin, Sky Realm, Sky Dao, and the Department of Calming Immortals began to spread the knowledge of the world without reservation. They wanted the people of the world to completely grasp the truth. Only then would they be able to raise their overall quality and cause the power of sacrificial power to become stronger.

The Tranquil Immortal Department didn't use any sort of policy to fool the people. At this stage of the game, fooling the people was nothing more than seeking death.

Because the common people of the world, even children, knew that after cultivating to an extremely high realm, they could obtain all sorts of abilities. Thus, they were deeply aware of the might of an Empyrean.

Otherwise, if the common people didn't know what a Celestial Venerate was, there would be no sense of reverence or security.

"Great."

Zhuge Ya looked at the sharp changes in the fate of the country, in addition to the 360 common people generals all turning into celestial venerables, he was instantly overjoyed, "This way, even if the Emperor Of Heaven appears, we can still fight. As for who will win and who will lose, we still have to fight to know." "I've already become an Empyrean and activated the mysterious power within my body."

Lou Baiyue carefully felt the changes in her body. "Whether or not this power is the Queen of Heaven's essence remains to be seen. I still can't control the mysterious power in my body."

"Your battle prowess far exceeds that of a Heavenly Longevity Realm expert. Even a Divine Origin Realm expert wouldn't be a match for you." Wen Hong looked at her aura. "If that's the case, your identity must be extraordinary."

"Let's not talk about that. Chensha is currently in the depths of primal-chaos, playing a game with the One God System in the miracles left behind by the prehistoric civilization. The stronger the fate of our country, the more benefits he will obtain, and perhaps even subjugate the One God System."

Lou Baiyue said, "The Dragonless Heart Sutra he passed on contains the crystallization of the wisdom of the prehistoric civilization. Compared to what the Immortal Master and the Celestial Designer Department have grasped, it's thousands of times more profound and profound. What they have grasped is just the tip of the iceberg. It doesn't count for much. Right now, we should immediately carry out a reform, abolish the Celestial Designer Department, and abolish the Tranquil Immortal Department. The two of them will merge into a brand new organization called the Dragonless Pavilion.

"This is the Imperial Court's true Cabinet, the Eternal Dynasty's Cabinet. The Dragonless Pavilion handles all the political affairs. This way, it is perfectly justifiable."

At the same time, we will abolish the Crown Prince, capture Gu Tanjian, and destroy those clans with ulterior motives. We will thoroughly purge the world and complete our final reform. "

Now that Lou Baiyue had become a Heavenly Sovereign, she seemed to have something to rely on. She began to carry out a series of deep reforms.

Especially the abolition of the Crown Prince. This wasn't something ordinary people could do. After all, Crown Prince Gu Xuansha was appointed by the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign. Even Gu Chensha couldn't abolish him. But now, Lou Baiyue actually wanted to abolish him. Of course, Lou Baiyue had the qualifications to do so. She had the Regal Presence Medallion, which was equivalent to the arrival of the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign himself.

"Crown Prince Gu Xuansha has already colluded with the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha. There are indeed some small movements among the people, but it's enough for us to suppress. There's no point in abolishing him directly. "

Zhuge Ya frowned. Actually, he had long been dissatisfied with Crown Prince Gu Xuansha. This kid couldn't get along with the Imperial Court. He didn't know what Gu Xuansha was thinking deep down in his heart. In fact, as long as Gu Xuansha behaved himself and didn't go against the Calmness Celestial Department, he could be given a lot of benefits without affecting his position. But this kid was appointed by the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign after all.

Until now, Zhuge Ya still didn't understand why the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign would appoint Gu Xuansha as the Crown Prince. Gu Xuansha didn't show anything special.

As for appointing Wu Dangkong as a concubine, it showed that the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign had already seen through everything.

From this, it could be seen that Gu Xuansha also had a miraculous existence, even more miraculous than Concubine Wu Dangkong.

"Gu Xuansha has some secrets, but they aren't the secrets of the future Heavenly Court. His identity is worth studying. "

A smile appeared on Lou Baiyue's face. "If I abolish his Crown Prince status, I can make him rebel. He can say that we are messing around and add fuel to the fire. With him at the center, we can cause chaos in the world. This way, his secrets will be exposed."

"This can be done. Even if we don't abolish the Crown Prince, Gu Xuansha will rebel sooner or later under the control of the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Xuansha. It's better to force them to act earlier." Wen Hong agreed.

"In that case, let's get rid of these cancerous tumors." Zhuge Ya nodded.

"The thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign will be here in a few days."

Lou Baiyue said, "At that time, the world will be in a brand new state. We will take this opportunity to cultivate all the generals into celestial venerables, reform the Calmness Celestial Department, establish a dragonless cabinet, abolish the Crown Prince, and create a brand new state. This will be a true revolution in preparation for the great calamity." "Yes!" All the higher-ups of the Calmness Celestial Department moved again. The world had turned over an old page and ushered in a new chapter. The destiny of the nation had risen to a new level.

In the primal-chaos, in the ruins of the prehistoric civilization, in the huge battleship, in the System of the One God, Gu Chensha was using the destiny of the nation to launch a counterattack against the System of the One God.

His cultivation base was growing stronger and stronger. First, he used the power of the System of the One God to assimilate the heaven-sacrificial talisman, then fuse it into the Dragonless Mental Dharma. That was how he mastered the cultivation method of the One Heart of All Living Beings.

The heaven-sacrificial talisman contained the Son of the One God God-Ordainment Magic, and Gu Chensha had only acquired the first two stances of it. Sun and Moon Shine Together; Live as Long as Heaven and Earth. However, he hadn't mastered the final stance. From ancient times until now, no crown prince had ever been able to cultivate the final stance. Therefore, the third stance of the Son of the One Heart of All Living Beings had never appeared in the world.

But Gu Chensha had assimilated the heaven-sacrificial talisman, and thus acquired the complete version of the Son of the One Heart of All Living Beings. Because of that …

Gu Chensha was the first person to acquire the third stance of the Son of the One Heart of All Living Beings. Of course, it was only a reference for him.

As the civilization of the dao of immortals grew more complete, he fused it into his Dragonless Mental Dharma, and gained even more benefits.

The destiny of the nation surged in Gu Chensha's direction, and he began to take control of the situation.

The knowledge of the System of the One God flowed into him, and as a result, his Dragonless Mental Dharma grew even more powerful. The System of the One God seemed to be in a bit of a predicament, and began to suppress him.

However, every time the system tried to suppress him, Gu Chensha gained more knowledge, and thus, his cultivation base grew even stronger.

After a while, the system's suppression was no longer a problem for him. The Empyrean aura on his body became thicker and thicker. Nearly 99% of his world energy had been transformed into the aura of an Empyrean. Only a tiny bit in the depths of his core hadn't become an Empyrean.

'I'm pretty much done with the knowledge I acquired from the ancient civilization. I've already acquired the eighth and ninth tiers. I should be able to break through to the Celestial Realm. '

Gu Chensha's heart began to pound. 'Unfortunately, breaking through to the Celestial Realm will be too powerful. The dao of heaven will instinctively sense the threat, and will gather all of its power to try to kill me. That's exactly what I need. I'll use the power of the One God to take the blame for me, and then use the dao of heaven to deal a heavy blow to the System of the One God. Then I'll be able to take advantage of the situation and take control of the System of the One God. Once I take the System of the One God, I'll be able to compete with the Emperor Of Heaven. I'll make the dao of heaven truly fear me. ' Crack!

Gu Chensha began to break through to the Celestial Realm, using the power of the System of the One God to break through. Once he became a celestial, tribulation would descend.

When that happened, he wouldn't be the one to bear the brunt of it, but rather, the System of the One God. It was something he had long since planned out.

Considering the level of his cultivation base, he could easily slaughter Heaven Origin experts. Therefore, once he became a celestial, he would be able to truly contend with the will of the heavenly world. Mobile users, please visit M. Read for a better reading experience.