Chapter 291
===========

"Mister Jin, I know what you're thinking."

Zhuge Ya nodded. "There will be a drastic change in the world sooner or later. The appearance of the Celestial Talisman Emperor has completely changed the structure of the immortal dao and the mortal dao. The unprecedented change in the past ten thousand years has begun. The shaking of the Heavenly Dao and the descent of the stars are all signs of it.

People of our generation have to obey the will of the heavens, so we must advance step by step and make the right choice. Otherwise, we might become a stepping stone for others. "

"Mister Zhuge is ten times wiser than I am. I'm sure you didn't come here to discuss this with me," Jin Suibo said.

"I wonder which five stars Mister Jin possesses?" Right at that moment, Zhuge Ya suddenly opened his mouth, and it was earth-shattering.

Jin Suibo looked shocked for a moment, then calmed down. "Mr. Zhuge, you're the Lord of Seven Stars, the king of all stars. You can't hide any of the secrets of the stars from me. I hope you can teach me how to fuse them together. Once I become the Lord of Five Stars, I'll follow your lead."

"Sigh …" Zhuge Ya waved his hand. "The Lord of the Five Stars is no small matter. It's not something an unparalleled genius can compare to. Although he's not a true Innate Saint, he has many abilities that are comparable to an Innate Saint. This is a heaven-defying act. Even if that person is blessed by the Heavenly Path and has the Lord of the Five Stars descend onto his body, he'll still face many difficulties. Furthermore, you're trying to steal from the heavens.

If you fuse the five stars into your body and your Nascent Soul right now, then I'm afraid you'll instantly attract the tribulations of the heavens and earth. A myriad of stars will descend to annihilate you. Lightning will strike you, wind will blow you, and fire will burn you. Even if you're undying, you'll still be annihilated. "

"Stealing the Star Ultimacy and fusing it into my body is nothing. The two Lords also fused the Heavenly Sin and Earthly Evil Ultimacy." Jin Suibo seemed to know everything.

"We can't compare to the two ministers. You know King Chen's cultivation. He has a lot of secrets, and his aura is so majestic that I'm afraid no spell can compare to him. Princess Yuefu's Divine Slaughter Art is the number one ultimate art in history. The combination of the two will give rise to a miracle that even creation can't achieve. These are all part of Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's calculations. Can you compare?"

Zhuge Ya's tone turned somewhat overbearing, "You should know the strength of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Not to mention refining ten thousand stars, it wouldn't be strange for him to even refine the Heavenly Dao. Since the two ministers can refine it, you can't."

"Mr. Zhuge, do you mean that you want me to offer my five-star profound?" Jin Suibo frowned. "I have to have some trump cards, right? Besides, the current situation is not clear. "

"There's no need for that. Five-star profound is extremely shocking, and it might not be in your grasp. If I'm not wrong, you should have the help of the Peerless Heaven Scroll. Only this book has the ability to calculate heaven and earth, and only then can you steal from the heavens.

However, like the Book of Heavenly Demons, this book is severely damaged and difficult to recover. It should be recuperating in the depths of the space-time turbulence. "

Zhuge Ya said, "This book's power is equivalent to that of a god. If you want it to recover, the best way is to kill living beings and offer their souls to this book. You must have done a lot of such things in secret these days. " "Is Mr. Zhuge here to denounce me?" Jin Suibo didn't panic at all.

"That's not it. My purpose today is very simple. I'm here to work for the Celestial Pacification Department. The two of us must work together and achieve a world-shaking feat."

Zhuge Ya said, "The main thing is that Mr. Jin can help me fuse the seven-star profound. How about I help Mr. Jin fuse the five-star profound?

I can even help you subdue the Peerless Heaven Book and make it yours. It won't be the book controlling you, but you controlling it. "

"You have such great ability?" Jin Suibo didn't believe him, but then he relaxed. "I'm just asking too much.

Mr. Zhuge is a Lord of Seven Stars rarely seen since ancient times. In the future, he might even surpass a Saint. Once he truly fuses with the Peerless Heaven Book, his cultivation will be world-shaking and unimaginable. Given time, subduing the Peerless Heaven Book won't be an empty promise. But is this the intention of the three department heads? " "Of course. Before I came here, I already met with the two department heads. How can I act arbitrarily on such an important matter? "Zhuge Ya said," What do you think? " "Since Mr. Zhuge has a brilliant plan, I'll listen."

Jin Suibo cupped his hands. "If there's anything you want me to do, I'll immediately carry it out. After all, we're both people of the Celestial Pacification Department, and Mr. Zhuge's position is above mine. If there's anything you want me to do, I'll do it." "If that's the case, then I'll speak." Zhuge Ya sent a thought into Jin Suibo's mind.

Jin Suibo was surprised at first, but then a look of joy appeared on his face. "I'll do it right away. This is a dangerous move."

"Right now, this is the only method we can use. If we let Wu Dangkong and Gu Tanjian fight each other, we can gain some benefits from them and force them to use their trump cards. That will save us a lot of trouble in the court, and we can take advantage of this opportunity to expand our influence. For this, I can use myself as bait." Zhuge Ya was calm in the face of danger.

"I'll do as you say, Mr. Zhuge." Jin Suibo stood up and disappeared.

At that moment, Zhuge Ya saw that the entire room was filled with documents that hadn't been approved yet. With a thought, all of the documents flew up into the air, and then neatly arranged into categories. It only took a few breaths of time to finish all of this.

Zhuge Ya's intelligence was much higher than Jin Suibo's, so he handled all kinds of things with ease.

"Come in." After going through the documents, he gave an order.

At that moment, a few people walked in. Two of them were the green and white snakes. When they saw Zhuge Ya, they quickly bowed and said, "Mr. Zhuge, what can I do for you?" "Send out these documents. I've already gone through them. Miss Bai and Miss Qing, please stay here. I have something to say. "Zhuge Ya waved his hand.

"Yes." These people started to move the documents swiftly and decisively. When they finished, the green and white snakes stood below, waiting for him to speak.

"Ladies, don't be so formal."

Zhuge Ya invited them to sit down. "Now, you're in charge of contacting the old subordinates of the demon race. How's the progress?"

"Reporting to Mr. Zhuge Ya, we've already contacted the Fox race and Sparrow race, but the results are minimal. The demon race is now under the Demon Saint's command, so it's difficult to get them to listen to the imperial court's orders."

The green and white snakes shook their heads. "Moreover, the demon race has issued a kill order for us. It's personally led by Que Ying 'er. Rumor has it that she's contacting the barbarians and gathering a few extremely powerful demons from the ape race. They're preparing to attack our fiefdom. We're going to seize the Divine Demon Book. "

"Very good. If Que Ying 'er sends people to look for you again, just say so." Zhuge Ya transmitted his thoughts to them again.

"Alright. Mr. Zhuge Ya's plans are flawless. We'll definitely follow your instructions." The two snakes nodded.

"That's good."

Zhuge Ya suddenly moved, and two talismans appeared in front of him. The talismans were carved out of jade, and there were countless starlight shining on them. There were also countless characters flowing about, and there were also the 28 constellations within them. They seemed to be both righteous and evil.

"This is the Ten Thousand Star Transformation Talisman that I spent two months crafting. The two of you can take one each and after refining it with earth energy, you can use it when you face danger. This talisman will turn into a protective shield to protect you and then release star lightning to blast open the lock and bring you out. But this talisman can only be used once and it is a way to save your lives. With this talisman, even Golden Core experts won't be able to do anything to you."

Zhuge Ya had cultivated the 14th Transformation of Dao Realm, Soul Projection. He could pretty much kill people like Jing Fanxing right away. The talismans that he spent two months to prepare were one time spells that were really strong.

"Thank you, Mr. Zhuge Ya." The green and white snakes were delighted.

"If you have any problems in cultivation, you can find me."

Zhuge Ya said, "You are all geniuses and logically speaking, you can cultivate to the 17th Transformation. But I have a secret technique that will allow you to cultivate to the Golden Core of the Great Dao."

"Sir, you are unpredictable. With you, we will be able to look down on the world." The white snake could speak.

"It isn't hard to look down on the world but we need to get through the tribulation first." Zhuge Ya waved his hand, "Go."

After everyone left, Zhuge Ya fell into deep thought in the Tranquil Immortal Department's recording room. Palace, Concubine Ming Hall.

Wu Dangkong was still cultivating. She breathed and golden energy turned into a dragon shape from her pores. It drilled in and out and she seemed like a true dragon nest.

With her as the center, the sun and moon appeared around her and shone so brightly that her entire body turned transparent.

She was cultivating the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique and combining it with her own techniques, she was really mysterious.

After a long while, she slowly retracted her technique. Her body rippled with the aura of a ruler, but she was still unsatisfied, "Unfortunately, I still haven't comprehended the 20 changes of the Dao Realm. Gathering and dispersing are impermanent, so I can't combine my physical body, Yuan Shen, and Golden Dan to form Xiantian Qi. When I gather, it will take form, and when I disperse, it will become Qi. At that time, it will be much easier to do things.

At the 19th Transformation of Dao Realm, even if one's body was the size of a grain of rice, there were many places that were hard to enter. It was also difficult to drill into the ground.

After reaching the 20th Transformation and turning into Xiantian Energy, one could easily drill into many dangerous places. Moreover, the speed at which one absorbed spiritual energy wasn't something that the 19th Transformation could compare to. One could even turn into a giant formation.

"Goddess, Jin Suibo sent a message saying that he has something to discuss with you? Can you meet him? "At that moment, a maid walked in.

"Oh?

This person tried to recruit him last time but he was sharp-tongued and rejected him. This time, he actually came. There is definitely a trap. "

A dark and cold expression appeared on Wu Dangkong's face, "However, he is an important person. If he is killed, at least half of our department will collapse."

Even as the words left her mouth, she vanished, reappearing on a remote mountain peak in the Wildlands. There, she found Jin Suibo observing the stars.