Chapter 225
===========

Tai Mang Di was only around 13 years old, a few years younger than Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha was 16 years old now and would soon be 17.

This person was dressed in a white Daoist robe. His face was like fine jade, and his eyes were like gems. He looked like a flawless statue, but when he spoke, there was an unparalleled arrogance in his voice. That imposing manner was revealed from his words, as if no one in the world was a match for him. Gu Chensha had only seen such an aura from Fa Wuxian. He secretly circulated his vital energy and a dragon image actually appeared in his eyes.

Activating the Sun Moon Dragon Eye, he could see that Tai Mang Di's cultivation wasn't high. He was the same as him, a Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body. His talent was also that of an unparalleled genius, similar to Long Zaifei.

Without a doubt, unparalleled geniuses were important figures in the Celestial Dao Sect. However, Gu Chensha didn't care about them.

But Tai Mang Di, with his Dao Realm Nine Transformation cultivation, actually wanted to fight him. This made Gu Chensha very wary. He wasn't an arrogant person, on the contrary, he could see through everything. This Tai Mang Di wasn't simple.

The good thing about Gu Chensha's character was that he wouldn't underestimate even the weakest enemy.

He had read all sorts of history books and had seen too many stories of people failing miserably. He had also seen many famous old antiques being defeated by youngsters, losing all their wisdom.

Not to mention a Dao Realm Nine Transformation cultivator challenging him, even if it was a Dao Realm Nine Transformation, he wouldn't underestimate it and would go all out.

"Tai Mang Di, can you represent Taiyi Mystic Sect?"

Gu Chensha wasn't in a hurry, "Let's not beat around the bush. The Imperial Court has to recruit Baoyu Country. The current situation is complicated and Baoyu Country is being eyed by countless forces. Only the Imperial Court can protect this rich land from being destroyed."

"Right now, the Imperial Court can't even take care of itself. How can it take care of Baoyu Country?"

Tai Mang Di spoke, "You guys have handled the recent natural disasters well, but do you think it's over?

In the future, there will be a small disaster every few months and a big disaster every year. The imperial court that has been abandoned by the Heavenly Dao will definitely suffer a disaster. "

Gu Chensha didn't seem to care at all. "Man can conquer the heavens, and how difficult it is to prosper a country. These things are unimaginable to you immortal cultivators. In the midst of disasters, the weak will often blossom with true brilliance, stimulating unprecedented potential. Moreover, immortal cultivation is also a defiance of the heavens. The more powerful a person is, the more tribulations they will encounter, and all kinds of disasters will come one after another.

If cultivators don't have disasters, it means that their cultivation is not strong enough. This is actually a good thing. " "What you said makes some sense. I won't refute you. Actually, I can't stand the Heavens either."

Tai Mang Di's words surprised Gu Chensha: "I was born in this world, nothing can block my eyes, nothing can take away my life, not even the heavens can."

"If that's the case, why don't we work together?" When Gu Chensha heard this, he knew that this Tai Mang Di was different from the majority of immortal dao cultivators.

"Cooperate with you? That will depend on whether or not you have the ability. "

Tai Mang Di smiled: "I know that your cultivation is high. You actually killed Lightning Beast King Thunder Martial Evil at Dao Realm Sixth Transformation. Such an achievement is comparable to that of a Natural Saint, Fa Wuxian. So, I want to see what your cultivation is like. " "You have fought with Fa Wuxian before?" Gu Chensha was really curious.

"Of course, but he doesn't know my identity."

Tai Mang Di didn't hide anything and waved his hand: "I sneak attacked him, but he retreated the moment I touched him. This person really has the ability to steal the mysteries of heaven and earth."

Gu Chensha talked for a while and felt that this Tai Mang Di was a little interesting, "What is your identity in Taiyi Fantasy Sect? If I beat you, Taiyi Fantasy Sect won't meddle in Baoyu Country's affairs? " "The sect leader is my father."

Tai Mang Di said straightforwardly: "I have full authority over this matter. If you lose, will the Imperial Court send someone else?"

"If I lose, then the other princes are useless." Gu Chensha was also very straightforward: "But if they send someone from the older generation, then it is hard to say." "You are very honest, not like the other princes who are fake. I like talking to people like you."

Tai Mang Di laughed uproariously, "The Heavenly Talisman Emperor still has some powerful subordinates like Ghost Axe, Tian Gong, the eight Marquises, three Imperial Dukes, and two Great Eunuchs. However, these characters are all of the older generation and are already set in stone.

"The Imperial Court is very strong, stronger than any Celestial Dao." Gu Chensha tried to recruit him: "Why doesn't Taiyi Fantasy Sect join them?" "There are benefits to joining them."

Tai Mang Di's smile disappeared: "The Imperial Court wants us to join them, but not only do they not give us any benefits, they want us to pay taxes, report our wealth, and count our population and experts. How is this joining them? This is slavery.

Think about it from another perspective, if you were someone from the Celestial Dao, would you agree? "

"This is also for the people of the world. If the Celestial Dao paid taxes and let the Imperial Court use it on the people's lives, how prosperous would the world be?"

Gu Chensha said righteously: "The people of the world have suffered for tens of thousands of years, the Celestial Dao is so high and mighty, even if you pluck a hair from them, you can benefit the world, why be so stingy?" "Your righteous hat is very clear and logical."

Tai Mang Di waved his hand: "I don't care about the lives and deaths of the people of the world, and I didn't come here today to debate about this. Let's go to the sea and fight. I will go first, I will wait for you over there. "

As he spoke, his body moved slightly, creating a ripple in the air, and he disappeared at any moment.

Gu Chensha gave a look to the Frost Jade Dew and rose into the air as well. In a blink of an eye, he tore through the air and caught up to Tai Mang Di.

Tai Mang Di's flying speed was extremely fast, but Gu Chensha was not slow either, following closely behind. The two moved as fast as lightning, and soon arrived at the sea.

Gu Chensha was slightly surprised to find that Tai Mang Di had actually brought him to the sea where the number one villain of the divine continent, Xing Qiong was suppressed. He did not want to come to this place again.

The sea was turbulent, and seemed to be darker than the day before. Countless ferocious sea beasts were still entrenched at the bottom of the sea, killing each other. Gu Chensha's Sun Moon Dragon Eyes could see very deep into the sea, and his heart palpitated.

Tai Mang Di stopped high above the sea, pointing downwards: "This sea is basically one of the most dangerous areas around Baoyu Country. The sea beasts are ferocious, and if you fall down after death, even your bones will be gnawed clean. This is the best place for fighting. There is a jade mountain at the bottom of the sea, and that jade mountain seems to be an existence used by ancient powerhouses to suppress evil spirits. Legend has it that a supreme evil spirit is suppressed at the bottom of the sea.

However, our Taiyi Fantasy Sect has explored it many times without any discovery, but there are still many treasures left at the bottom of the sea. " "You've gone down before?"

Gu Chensha did not believe it. He knew that if he was not proficient in Black Tortoise Transformation, he would not have been able to see the jade mountain at all.

"Of course I have." Tai Mang Di's expression turned solemn: "Looking at your expression, you've actually gone down before?

To reach the bottom of the sea and touch that jade mountain, you have to at least cultivate to the Golden Core of the Great Dao. Your cultivation has actually reached such a level? " "Likewise."

Gu Chensha said politely, "The jade mountain below is hundreds of li in circumference, and I can't even break a piece of it."

"Not just you, my father once came here and used Spatial Slicing, and he could not even touch the jade mountain at all."

Tai Mang Di said: "Besides, there might be a supreme evil spirit suppressed at the bottom of the jade mountain, it would not be good if it was alarmed." "More than a supreme evil spirit?"

Gu Chensha knew the ins and outs of the matter, but he did not say it out loud. If the guy below came out, even if it was just a head, it would be a great disaster to the world.

"Alright, let's have a spar."

Tai Mang Di held his hands behind his back and floated in the air. There was actually no Connate Stellar Energy surrounding his body, so it was unknown how he was able to fly.

The so-called Seven Transformations of Dao Realm, Leaving the Ground and Soaring in the Air, was to surround one's body with Connate Stellar Energy, lifting one's body into the air. This meant that one's Connate Stellar Energy had reached the realm of being able to be released and retracted freely.

In the future, no matter how high one's cultivation was, flying would still require Connate Stellar Energy, and there was no way one could fly with their body.

"In that case, I'll make the first move."

Gu Chensha did not stand on ceremony, and with a circle of his hands, Connate Stellar Energy condensed into many circles in his palms. These circles were formed from talismans, and could be big or small. They vibrated in the air and flew out, trying to trap Tai Mang Di within. This was the Stellar Energy Transformation Technique that he had recently comprehended.

These Stellar Energy circles would immediately shrink the moment they caught someone, tightly trapping them. Of course, this was just a test. He did not expect to defeat Tai Mang Di with this technique.

As expected, before these Stellar Energy circles could even touch Tai Mang Di's body, they were shattered by an invisible force. Tai Mang Di did not even move, and he had already broken through Gu Chensha's technique.

But the moment those Stellar Energy circles were shattered, Gu Chensha's eyes moved, and all the shattered Stellar Energy turned into a giant serpent that swallowed Tai Mang Di. This was his true technique transformation.

"Sun Devouring Bashe."

Tai Mang Di was swallowed into the serpent's stomach, and he let out a slightly surprised sound. His entire body immediately shone with an extremely intense light. Kaboom!

Overwhelming Stellar Energy surged out of his body, condensing into blinding lightning, and its explosive power was almost comparable to a Heavenly Tribulation.

Taiyi Sect's Taiyi Divine Thunder Aura was activated by him, and almost turned into a Lightning Prison Barrier.

Gu Chensha felt his Stellar Energy shaking violently, about to be completely shattered, and the Sun Devouring Bashe formed from Stellar Energy was about to be blown apart.

"This kid is so strong, his realm is the same as mine, but the density of his Stellar Energy is no less than mine. What kind of treasure does he have, and what kind of fortuitous encounter did he have?" Gu Chensha already knew that Tai Mang Di was not to be underestimated, but his opponent's cultivation still exceeded his expectations. But how could his Innate Stellar Energy be so easily destroyed?

The Sun Devouring Bashe that was about to explode let out a long hiss again, its body rapidly shrunk, and it actually grew a beard. Then its claws became sharp, and the horns on its head shone with light, showing signs of transforming into a dragon.

"I can't break it? Good move. "

Tai Mang Di's eyes were sharp. He was swallowed by the Sun Devouring Bashe, but he was not injured at all.

The Sun Devouring Bashe formed from Gu Chensha's Innate Stellar Energy was far inferior to the real Evil God Bashe, but it still had a portion of its power. Even if it was a mountain rock or metal, it would immediately melt if it was swallowed, but Tai Mang Di did not care at all, showing his strength.

"Taiyi Heavenly Light, come, sword!"

Tai Mang Di raised his hand and drew, and a longsword appeared from his body. This was not a treasure, but his own martial art.

After this sword appeared, majestic, vast, and majestic Sword Qi spread out, tearing open the Bashe's abdomen in an instant, and he escaped.

"Astral World Transformation, Myriad Destruction!"

In the instant that Tai Mang Di tore open the Bashe's abdomen, he did not see Gu Chensha's real body, but instead saw that the surrounding dozens of li had turned into a vast starry sky.

He seemed to be in the starry sky, and the stars were embedded in the depths of the pitch-black space, mysterious and profound.