Chapter 641
===========

The Hercules God was a True God, so he naturally had a Deity Seat and an inheritance.

And the All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel was something he had spent his entire life forging. Bits and pieces of his experiences were infused into it. From this cudgel, Gu Chensha could extract the true essence of the Titan God's spirit, the source of his strength, and infused it into his own mind. Not only did his spirit force skyrocket, allowing him to multitask, but it also caused the circulation of his heavenly dao energy to become even stronger.

At the same time, he already knew that his Heavenly Dao Arcane Power was actually omnipotent. It was just that he was unable to activate it due to his cultivation level.

One day, when his cultivation realm reached a certain level, he would be able to wield the Heaven's Path Immortal Energy, and that would truly be an unstoppable force.

As he comprehended more and more, he had a deeper understanding of how to raise the combat strength and cultivation of the puppets. Now, each puppet of Common People's Commander, apart from rising to Dao Realm 26 Transformations, All Techniques Back to One, could execute more spells and their divination skills would also become deeper.

A Common People's Commander at 26 Dao Realm Transformation could totally suppress the small fry and help the Governor do many things.

Unfortunately, the General of Common People wasn't a living being but a puppet. In this great era, even normal people could obtain fortuitous encounters, but the General of Common People didn't have a single one. This was the biggest drawback.

Gu Chensha was thinking about how to let Common People's General have a fortuitous encounter. To others, this was just wishful thinking. Puppets were puppets, how could they have fortune and luck to obtain fortuitous encounters? If the Common People's Commander had luck and fortune, then how would others live?

However, Gu Chensha was someone who had cultivated the Heavenly Dao. The Heavenly Dao was omnipotent, so naturally, it could increase the fortune and luck of the Common People's Marshal.

Moreover, he had obtained the Dao orthodoxy of Fortune, Prosperity, and Longevity from Longevity God, which gave him a deeper understanding of the Dao of Fate. What was Fate? That was a certain kind of choice that people made toward the future.

A person's future path had many choices, from good to bad, constantly changing. That was why a person's luck was sometimes strong, and sometimes it was low.

When one was at his peak, there would always be a benefactor helping him, allowing him to rise rapidly. When he was at his lowest, he would fall to his death while walking, and even drinking water would get stuck in the gaps between his teeth.

However, if one were to use some kind of secret technique to change one's luck when one was unlucky, one would be able to change the direction of one's future.

Walking in the world, every step one took was either heaven or hell. It could be said to be treading on thin ice.

One had to choose the most correct future for every step they took. This was the secret of karmic luck. However, even an existence like Wan Senshi could not grasp all the fates and futures he could choose and choose the most suitable one for himself.

After studying it for a long time, Gu Chensha had already begun to see through the fundamental secrets of fate. The right to choose the future. He started to think about how to give luck to the 360 Common People's Generals.

In Wan Senshi's Dao Seeking Diagram, if the leaf of the small World Tree was obtained by someone, that person would obtain extremely strong luck in a short period of time. However, their future path would be cut off, and the path of life would become a path of death.

Gu Chensha was familiar with the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, so he could naturally see that the leaf of the small World Tree was something that Wan Senshi had comprehended by imitating the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman. Within it was the Dao of Stealing Luck.

"The true meaning of my Common People Heaven Mending Art is that if the Heavenly Dao is lacking, then all living beings can make up for it.

If all living beings are lacking, then the Heavenly Dao should also make up for it. The hearts of all living beings, with the blessing of their wishes, can revolve the universe, reverse fate, and create luck for my 360 Common People's Generals. "Gu Chensha continued to comprehend and use it, perfecting the Common People Heaven Mending Art further.

The knowledge that he had obtained even surpassed that of some Heavenly Venerables. Thus, the Common People Heaven Mending Art that he had created was something that even Heavenly Venerables might not be able to create. Naturally, it had its own mysteries within.

He had now split into three incarnations. One was Ghost Yiku, who followed Longevity God and temporarily hid within the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, constantly paying attention to Yuhuan Lu's movements. The second was Fang Lin, who was the second-in-command of the Human Dragon League and assisted Qin Han in managing the Sin Province to resist the invasion of the demon army.

The last one was following Dou Yiyu, Ling Shaofei, and the others to tour the Divine Continent and obtain fortuitous encounters.

His incarnation, Unfettered Flowing Void, had some luck as well. Following these people, he obtained some decent Immortal Dao treasures and medicinal pills. To him, it was better than nothing.

It was true that there were many fortuitous encounters in the Divine Central Continent, but almost ninety-nine percent of them were of no use to Gu Chensha.

First, he had refined the Heavenly Demon Tree into the Wishing Tree, and now, he had turned the Wishing Tree into the World Tree, which could give birth to endless treasures. Even Heavenly Venerables could not compare to him in terms of manufacturing ability. With just a thought, the World Tree could give birth to extremely precious Immortal Pills.

In fact, the real World Tree was something that Wan Senshi had seen when he traveled through countless space-time turbulences, as well as many Vast Thousand Worlds born from the Primal Chaos Big Bang. It was not something that could be refined by humans, but one of the pillars that grew in the Vast Thousand Worlds.

After Gu Chensha absorbed the World Tree, the Wishing Tree underwent its final evolution, breaking away from the peak of Ancient Tianzi and reaching another realm. Thus, he simply named it the World Tree.

It symbolized the wish of the common people, and the sphere could transform into a Vast Thousand Worlds. Now, let alone three clones, even if he had ten million clones, he could still use them freely.

Originally, he had another clone, Wu Dang Xian, who was in the Martial Saint's Paradise, ready to devour the entire Wu family's Small Thousand Worlds at any time. Unfortunately, the Martial Emperor had suddenly recovered and descended. He had sensed that something was wrong, so he had quietly retreated.

The Martial Emperor seemed to have recovered all of his abilities, and he had even advanced a step further. This was definitely one of Wan Senshi's schemes. In his view, Jing Fanxing was a small leek that had been harvested twice. The Martial Emperor was a big leek that had to be harvested again.

"I wonder if Jing Fanxing will turn the entire Holy Sama Empire into a Buddhist Kingdom after being enlightened by the Buddhist Sect?

But the Buddhist Sect is really not good at business. If a country believed in this path, then everyone would seek liberation. They would not produce or develop, and they would practice meditation in peace, cutting off all desires, and especially not procreate. Then the race and the country would basically shrink.

This is also the main reason why it is difficult for the Buddhist Sect to develop, but this is the doctrine of the Buddhist Sect, and it cannot be changed. "

Gu Chensha was very clear about this. "But the Holy Sama Empire is doing well. Jing Qiu has spent a lot of effort. This is also why Wan Senshi chose Jing Fanxing. Jing Qiu actually obtained the Myrtle Imperial Star and fused it into his body. He is a person of great fortune. His future achievements will not stop there.

If Jing Fanxing follows him, there is a possibility that he will succeed. Wan Senshi will not let go of this chess piece. " Gu Chensha's true body had already returned to the Lesser Divine Prefecture to take charge.

The Lesser Divine Prefecture had fused many primordial treasures, including the Amitabha Sutra Banner, the Wintry Pearl, the Blade of Law Enforcement, the Hurricane Gourd, the Brocade Bamboo Brush, the Ten Thousand Army Blade, the Hundred Mountain Fan, and the Three Thousand Soft Water Cauldron.

Each of these treasures was equivalent to the Buzhou Palace. There were eight of them in total. If they were all fused, they would simply have the foundation to advance to a Small Thousand World. At that time, Gu Chensha had extorted the great families to the point of bleeding.

Currently, there were more than eight hundred thousand cultivators in the Lesser Divine Prefecture. All sorts of powerful sea creatures that had cultivated the Great People's Universal Purification Scripture had developed human characteristics.

That "righteous merit" had completely extinguished all thoughts, and was now fully planning for the Lesser Divine Prefecture. With these god-level experts working day and night, it was only a matter of time before the Lesser Divine Prefecture became a Small Thousand World.

Gu Chensha sat in the Azure Dragon Pagoda in the middle of the Small Thousand World. He watched as the eight hundred thousand cultivators and countless sea creatures prayed, swore, and made wishes. Some entered the Small Thousand World of the Common People's Wish sphere, while others nourished the Lesser Divine Prefecture's Divine Prefecture Boundary and transformed it into the world's greyspace.

In reality, the Divine Prefecture Boundary of the Lesser Divine Prefecture was very sturdy. After digesting so many primordial treasures, the entire Lesser Divine Prefecture had long since reached the peak of the Minute Dust World. Of course, it was not that easy to transform a Minute Dust World into a Small Thousand World.

Logically, it would take at least five god-level experts, hundreds of thousands, or even millions of believers to offer sacrifices every year, and after more than three thousand years, it would finally transform.

However, in this Lesser Divine Prefecture, Gu Chensha had gathered eight hundred thousand cultivators. These cultivators were not ordinary people, they were all powerful existences. The power of wishes, prayers, and sacrifices produced by them was equivalent to hundreds of millions of ordinary people.

In addition, Gu Chensha now often produced "Heavenly Dew Rain" to nourish the Lesser Divine Prefecture, which was extremely beneficial to the development of the world itself.

Of course, although there were so many benefits in the Lesser Divine Prefecture, the only god-level expert was "righteous merit", which was the Wu family's old ancestor, Wu Pogong. Of course, there was also a talisman formed by Xiao Donglai's god-level cultivation, but he was not a human, so he could not produce the power of wish. He was only integrated into the Azure Dragon Pagoda to suppress the Lesser Divine Prefecture. In other words, the Lesser Divine Prefecture currently only had one god-level expert.

However, the Lesser Divine Prefecture was connected to a Small Thousand World of the Common People's Wish sphere. When it transmitted the power of wish to the Small Thousand World, it also received feedback from the Small Thousand World.

The feedback from the Small Thousand World was not something that a god-level expert could compare to. Even the Heavenly Venerables could not compare to the Small Thousand World.

After cultivating the Small Thousand World, Gu Chensha was able to control this world, and condensing a low-level world was a walk in the park.

Now, Zhuge Ya was working with the few great mystic sects, and the worlds were connected. At the moment of communication, they complemented each other, and the Lesser Divine Prefecture would receive a huge boost. In an instant, it would become a Small Thousand World.

As long as it became a Small Thousand World, the Lesser Divine Prefecture would be considered a brand new mystic sect of the Immortal Dao, and it would be the ruler of the seas. It could completely stop the invasion of the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor. It could even be used as a springboard for the Yongchō to invade the Great Wei Dynasty. This was true strategic defense and offense.