Chapter 438
===========

Gu Chensha wasn't sure of Dou Nineteen's intentions, so he could only take it one step at a time.

As long as Dou Nineteen showed a flaw, he would immediately attack and take advantage of it. This way, he would weaken Dou Nineteen's strength and eventually devour him completely.

In the Emperor's Gourd that he had obtained, the Mortal Life Divine General and the Emperor's Heavenly Soldier fused together, slowly forming a new puppet.

The Mortal Life Divine General was incomparably powerful because it was formed from the jade that sealed the Xingqiong clan. Most importantly, it was stained with the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. With this as the foundation, it would fuse with the Emperor's Heavenly Soldier's magic power. After continuous metamorphosis, it would finally transform into a special existence.

Gu Chensha kept channeling his Dan qi into the Emperor's Gourd to nourish these puppets, waiting for them to finally fuse together.

Gradually, the 360 Emperor's Heavenly Soldier and the 3600 Mortal Life Divine General fused. Their forms changed, becoming one with three faces. They still held three pointed, double-edged blades, had a vertical eye on their foreheads, and wore battle robes. However, there was an additional holy aura about them that dominated the world.

"Good. After the fusion, these Emperor's Heavenly Soldier and Mortal Life Divine General will no longer be called their original names. I will call you the Mortal Life Marshal!"

Gu Chensha knew that after these puppets fused, their magic power would still be at the level of 22 Transformations of Heaven and Earth, but they would be much more powerful than before.

However, Gu Chensha's ambition did not stop there. He wanted to advance to the level of 20 Transformations of Impermanence. After cultivating the quality of the Heavenly Dao Technique, he would pour it into the Emperor's Gourd and activate its mysteries so that his Mortal Life Marshal could evolve to the highest level of the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth, the River of All Things.

Back when he was fighting Wu Dangkong, he was trapped by the River of All Things and knew the intricacies of this transformation.

"My own strength has already reached its peak. It will be difficult to improve further unless I comprehend the most crucial step and cultivate magic power. If I want to increase my combat power, I can only spend time on puppets. "

The Great Emperor's Heavenly Soldier and the Common People's Divine General had yet to merge. Once they merged and became the Common People's General, Gu Chensha's strength would increase by at least several times. He would then have the confidence to fight Jing Qiu.

Of course, the premise was that Jing Qiu couldn't comprehend the Twenty-Six Transformations, All Techniques Return to One.

After Dou Nineteen landed in the Imperial Palace, he walked and stopped as if he was looking for something. After walking for an hour and looking around most of the Imperial Palace, he did not find anything strange. Gu Chensha also followed behind. While stealthily hiding, he revisited old places.

There were some guards in the palace but the strongest were only at the second or third transformation of Dao Realm. How could they notice a Celestial like Dou Nineteen?

Suddenly, Dou Nineteen entered a courtyard that had been abandoned for a long time at the edge of the palace. No one had taken care of the courtyard, and the weeds had grown to the height of a person. Not far away, the forest was even darker, with weasels, snakes, badgers, hedgehogs, porcupines, pheasants, wild ducks, and many other animals roaming about.

"Hmm?" Gu Chensha had a strange feeling in his heart.

Because this small courtyard was where he had lived for fourteen years. Back then, he had spent his youth here. He was very familiar with every brick, every tile, every blade of grass, every tree. His godson and he depended on each other here. They slowly lay low and then rose into the sky.

Now, his godson had reached Dao Realm Transformation 10 and he himself had become a genius. He had become a pillar of the Calming Celestial Sector and controlled a giant business group. He could casually transfer hundreds of thousands and even millions. He was much more powerful than some ministers and ministers.

He also started to participate in the battle between Gods and Saints. He had seen many strong existences and people who dominated the world. Thinking back to the past, how could he have expected all of this? Just nine years had passed. One year was like spring and autumn, 10 years were like spring and autumn.

After returning to his courtyard, Gu Chensha truly felt the secrets of time. Things were the same, but people were different. Life and death were like a waterfall that couldn't be stopped. Many of the auras in his body started to move. There were actually signs of him breaking through.

"I didn't expect this to be a form of cultivation." Gu Chensha was delighted. Dou Nineteen looked at the broken courtyard and seemed to be searching for something.

But there was nothing here. He searched for half a day and didn't find anything. However, Dou Nineteen didn't leave.

"The decree should have appeared here for the first time. It first fell into Gu Chensha's hands, causing his cultivation to increase. Then, for some reason, it fell into Wu Dangkong's hands?"

Dou Nineteen muttered to himself, "If I grasp the mysteries within, I might be able to obtain more secrets.

This is the place where the talisman first appeared. In the river of time, this place will become the true point of change. Since that is the case, then I can grab hold of some opportunities. " Dou Nineteen smiled. His smile was really dark and sunken like he had made up his mind.

He sat down in the courtyard, and his body suddenly moved. He turned into a mirror, and the situation in the courtyard was reflected in the mirror. But as the mirror spun, the courtyard's time actually flowed backwards! The wild grass in the mirror started to shrink and slowly turned back. This was time rewinding. Day by day, month by month, they went backwards.

Gu Chensha hid and saw that the mirror was actually rewinding everything that had happened in the courtyard over the years.

This time, Dou Nineteen had used all his strength without holding anything back. He actually had such a powerful mystique.

"Amazing. This is Reflect the Past, Turn Back Time. Compared to this mystique, the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth is nothing. I want to see if this Dou Nineteen can turn back time to nine years ago, when I obtained the decree. He wants to know this. What is he trying to do? Could it be that he can change the past?

If he really had mystiques, the three Celestial Venerables would already be stronger than the Heavenly Dao Laws. But in a few centuries, what happened in the courtyard nine years ago will definitely become a major event. It will mark the beginning of a turning point in history. "

Gu Chensha guessed. "Dou Nineteen's plan in the Demon Realm has already failed, but I can't see what he's trying to do here." The time in the mirror rewound very quickly. A few hours later, a few years had passed. Five years ago, six years ago, seven years ago, eight years ago! Gu Chensha nodded inwardly. "This is the most crucial moment." Weng …

Just as the mirror was about to rewind time to nine years ago, it suddenly became blurry, and he could no longer divine any further.

Based on the cultivation of the Undying Body, he could divine things that had happened hundreds of years ago or even hundreds of years ago. It could be said that he knew 500 years in the past and 500 years in the future.

The stronger one's magic power and the higher one's cultivation level, the longer the time needed to calculate. For example, a person who had just mastered the Twenty Three Transformations [Past Reflection] would only be able to calculate what had happened in the past few months, or at most a year. Whoosh!

Dou Nineteen stopped his divination, and a furious expression appeared on his face. "Damn it. Although I couldn't divine that scene, based on my aura and senses, I should know that the person who stole my Imperial Gourd, the Emperor's Heavenly Weapon, and the Blood Gourd was undoubtedly this person. Damn it! All of you from the Calm Immortal Bureau should die. " "This Dou Nineteen discovered that it was me? I just divined here for a while. How is it so magical? "

Gu Chensha could not understand. "It seems that I have not fully comprehended the mysteries of the circulation of magic power. This Dou Nineteen thinks that I am an enemy, and he will definitely not let me go. He will definitely take revenge, so I have to be careful.

He divined here for a while longer, but he still could not divine what had happened here nine years ago. He waved his sleeves and left the small courtyard.

Gu Chensha looked deeply at the courtyard that he had lived in for 14 years, and then he left. Yesterday must not be left behind. He seemed to have grasped the mysteries of time.

Dou Nineteen left the small courtyard, and he was still looking for something in the old palace. In the end, he found his way to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's palace.

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor's palace was very small. It was just an ordinary room, and it had a very small bed. It was not even comparable to a normal person's bedroom.

Dou Nineteen walked in with a frown on his face. This bed was very small, and it could barely accommodate a person's body. Those who were slightly taller would feel extremely restricted, and it would be difficult for them to spread out.

But as time passed, they felt that this small bed was like a point condensed from the primordial chaos before the universe exploded. Just this small space was enough to envelop the entire universe. Dou Nineteen's body trembled as he retreated.

There was fear in his eyes. "This is just a small bed that Gu Taxian used to live in. Just by looking at it, it's already so powerful. If I continue divining here, it's very likely that my cultivation would go berserk and I would die. Seems like I have to change my plans." As he spoke, he left the Royal Capital.

This time around, Gu Chensha didn't leave with Dou Nineteen. Instead, he entered the small bed and sat down cross-legged, trying to comprehend the profundities within.

Right now, his greatest reliance wasn't the various divine arts he had learned, nor was it the Life's Wish Sphere. It wasn't even his comprehension. Rather, it was the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor in his body. This bloodline had already appeared twice, and each time it appeared, it brought with it a supreme might that could crush everything. The bloodlines of the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, Black Tortoise, and North Star couldn't even withstand a single strike. However, even he couldn't control this bloodline.

If he could control this bloodline and make it move according to his will, many cultivation bottlenecks would be easily solved.

Dou Nineteen didn't dare to continue divining in this room. There was definitely the aura of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor there. Gu Chensha wanted to comprehend it as well. If he could summon the bloodline in his body at any time, his gains would be immense.

After sitting down, Gu Chensha immersed his heart and soul into the room. Gradually, he felt the same as Dou Nineteen, as though this small bed was the center of the universe.