Chapter 748
===========

"Gather all the experts and prepare for battle. No one is allowed to go out these days. Take your positions in the sphere and shrink the defensive circle.

In addition, send someone to inform Lord Martial Sage that the King of Common People cannot go out. Everyone must return. " Lou Baiyue thought for a moment and immediately issued an order.

"There's no need to inform. I'm already here." At this moment, Martial Sage had already appeared under the World Tree.

Martial Sage held a small chiliocosm in his hand. It was the Martial Sage's Cave that he had created. This small chiliocosm was filled with Wu clan disciples.

Martial Sage threw it and the Martial Sage's Cave hung above the World Tree, becoming one of the alliances of the Tranquil Immortal Department. Now, the Heavenly Dance Mystical Gate, the Cosmos Mystical Gate, the Taiyi Mystical Gate, the New Divine Land created by Wan Senshi controlled by Yuhuan Lu, the Small Divine Land created by Gu Chensha, and the Longevity God's small chiliocosm were hung above the World Tree.

These small chiliocosms were attached to the World Tree and were based on the medium chiliocosm of the Common People's Cave, just like how many stars revolved around the sun and moon.

Worlds could communicate with each other and gain benefits. They could also use the power of the world to nourish the World Tree. Of course, these small chiliocosms were also refined by the World Tree, making the small chiliocosm purer and the power of the world more complete.

This was a world system established by Gu Chensha. It was something that gradually touched the essence of heaven and earth.

As a sage clan, the Wu clan now belonged to the Tranquil Immortal Department and assisted the imperial court. They also acknowledged the imperial court's ideology. This was all due to Martial Sage. As the ancestor of the Wu clan, Martial Sage had absolute majesty. Even King Wu Yu had to kneel down and listen to him. Only a weirdo like Wu Dangkong would not care about Martial Sage at all. This was because he had the Heaven Sacrifice Decree. However, Martial Sage was now a Celestial Master. Wu Dangkong did not dare to return to the Wu clan.

"Lord Martial Sage, what do you think of the current situation?" Lou Baiyue asked.

After all, Martial Sages were Heavenly Venerables. They were powerful existences that rarely appeared since ancient times. Even the Primordial 72 Mysterious Sects didn't produce a single Heavenly Venerable for thousands of years. This was the case for the Black Heaven Earth Sect and the Mysterious Cosmos Sect.

Chang Weiyang was the most promising one to break through to the Empyrean Master Realm. Unfortunately, her whereabouts were still unknown, and it was unknown who would win between her and Dou Yiyu.

The Martial Sage silently calculated. After a full hour, he slowly said, "Your Highness's will has probably fallen into another future of the Heaven Realm.

The dimension we are currently in actually violates the Heavenly Dao. Because the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign appeared out of nowhere, he suppressed the Heavenly Dao. This was equivalent to forcefully blocking the flow of time, causing the flow of time to change. From now on, the fate of all living things in this world will be different. But now that His Highness has challenged the will of the Heavenly Realm, the will of the Heavenly Realm brought him into the original river of fate. This theory is very profound. At this point, I can't intervene. I can only hope that Your Highness can escape. "

"I see," Lou Baiyue and Zhuge Ya nodded, "Lord Martial Sage can only help us defend against external enemies. If Gu Tiansha, the Lord of Sun Moon, attacks, only Lord Martial Sage can discover it. "

"Although I have become a Celestial Master, I can't deal with Gu Tiansha. He can use the power of Sun Moon and Great Thousand to suppress me. However, it is impossible to kill me. Unless he becomes a Sage. "

Martial Sage said, "However, we have formed a god in this dimensional realm. We control the world. Every day, there is a huge amount of sacrificial power. What we need to do now is to refine this sacrificial power into a purer power. We can use the power of the hearts of the people to deal with Sun Moon Lord. The only thing in the world that can defeat Celestial Dao, the only thing more unfathomable than Celestial Dao, is the human heart."

"Yes, the secret of the human heart is greater than Celestial Dao. The sky is high, but the human heart is high."

Zhuge Ya said, "Although we have obtained the sacrificial power, we haven't refined it to perfection."

As Zhuge Ya spoke, he reached out and grabbed a mass of sacrificial power from a space in the World Tree. This mass of sacrificial power had a faint golden color, but it was white with a gray aura. The power of sacrificial power was the power of the human heart.

The human heart was divided into many emotions, such as anger, resentment, hatred, reverence, piety, trust … The power of sacrificial power was mostly cohesiveness and some kind of remembrance. There was also reverence, hope, prayer, grievance, and so on.

Think about it. An ordinary person sacrificing to a god or an ancestor would contain so many complicated emotions. To refine and purify these emotions, how complicated would it be? The emotions of the human heart were similar to chaos.

Chaos elemental energy could refine all living things, and the human heart could also refine endless emotions.

Even for gods, after obtaining the power of faith from sacrificial offerings and integrating it into their own world, it was best to refine it. Otherwise, they might be affected by their emotions, which would be detrimental to their cultivation.

The Celestial Calmness Department controlled the entire empire, and with the Divine Central Continent as the center, it expanded into the four wastelands. Hundreds of countries on the sea had been incorporated into its territory, and a large portion of the Wildlands was under the control of the imperial court. In the Wildlands, cities that were even more flourishing than those of the Divine Central Continent had been built. At this time, the barbarian cavalry and armies were like ants in front of these cities. Even the demons couldn't attack them.

With such majestic development, the people's hearts were burning with passion. The amount of sacrificial power that could be produced every day was unimaginable. Even if the Celestial Calmness Department wanted to quickly refine such an enormous amount of power, it would still be difficult.

Fortunately, ever since they had obtained the North Star Continent and refined it into the King of Common Life, with the help of this Celestial, their methods of refining the power of sacrificial power had become much more brilliant. Now that the Martial Saint had joined the Celestial Calmness Department, the power of sacrificial power could be truly purified to a considerable degree.

"The power of sacrificial power you have stored is indeed very complicated. As the empire grows larger, the hearts of the people can't be united, which leads to the inability to unite their minds. The power of sacrificial power will contaminate each other, and the effects will be reduced."

The Martial Saint also took out a clump of sacrificial power. This clump of power spun in his hand, breaking down into many orbs of light.

Some of the orbs of light were gray, while others were gorgeous. Some were pure white, some were pure gold, some were purple, and some were blood red … Apart from that, there were all sorts of other colors. The power of sacrificial power had been broken down into dozens of clumps.

"This is the greed of sacrificial power."

The Martial Saint pointed at a floating clump of gray and said, "Mortal sacrificial power contains greed. They hope that the gods will bestow them with good things or great power. This greed in their hearts is mixed into the power of sacrificial power, but it's actually all impurities.

"This clump is the hope of a beautiful future."

Zhuge Ya pointed at the golden clump of light and said, "When people offer sacrifices, their hearts yearn for a beautiful future. When these beautiful hopes are condensed, they will be of great benefit to the world.

This blood-red clump of light is the will of hatred and slaughter. Moreover, this purple clump is the aura of nobility, which is produced by the prayers of those with great fates. Apart from this, this clump … "

Zhuge Ya looked at a diamond-like crystal. This crystal was pure and indestructible, and it could also be called a diamond stone. He said, "This should be the unshakable will of the martial path."

"That's right. This is formed when the will of the martial path reaches an extreme point in the human heart."

The Martial Saint said, "To be able to form such a diamond stone of emotions means that the spirit of the people of the world to seek martial path has greatly increased. After this kind of emotion is refined, it will be of great help to the martial path of the gods." "The human heart is a treasure trove."

Lou Baiyue said, "Many treasures can be refined from it. We need to help Chensha, so what should we refine?" "That is the heart of the people's revolution, the essence of the Life Revolutionizing Art."

The Martial Saint's tone became solemn, "Your Dao is the Dao of the common people to rebel against the heavens. Among the sacrifices of all living beings, the most difficult is to rebel against the Cauldron Qi. Those who possess the Cauldron Qi are all great heroes, ambitious and ruthless people.

Now, we need to refine the emotions of reforming the heavens and the feelings of mending the heavens. Only this kind of power of the people's hearts will be of help to Gu Chensha. "

As he spoke, the Martial Saint took out another clump of the sacrificial power. This time, he used all his strength to refine it, and he finally managed to refine a trace of the clear blue sky and a scarlet flame that seemed like it would sweep through the world at any moment. One was the path of mending the heavens. If the heavens were lacking, all living beings would make up for it. The second was the path of reforming the heavens. If all living beings were immoral, all living beings would revolutionize. These two paths represented everything in the world.

The Martial Saint lightly flicked the two streams of qi that he had refined and sent them into Gu Chensha's body. At this moment, in a dream.

Gu Chensha was cultivating. He had already recovered all his strength. At this moment, a strange power suddenly appeared above his head.

An emotion that was as clear as water and as red as fire fused into his body, causing him to faintly feel like he could see through the essence of the world.

"This is?

It should be that the Calming Immortal Department has begun to refine the sacrificial power in order to protect me, using the feelings of mending the heavens and reforming the heavens. "

Gu Chensha's heart was at ease. "Next, I will turn the world upside down and deal with this world created by the Heaven Realm. I want to see how a world without Father Emperor will develop." He stood up and left the "Changshun Marquis Mansion".

His father, "Chen Mingren", had been conferred the title of "Changshun Marquis" by the imperial court. The entire Chen Family had contributed greatly to the founding of the empire.