Chapter 199
===========

In the imperial court, the Calming Celestial Department reported the results. They had directly won over the leaders of the four second-rate and third-rate sects and collected a large amount of taxes. It could be said that they had made some achievements.

"This time, the Calming Celestial Department has done a good job of subduing the four sects so quickly. But we still need to speed up the process and make the 72 sects express their stance." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor said, "I'll leave all of this to you. I mean to train you." "Your Majesty, we will do our best to work for the imperial court."

Lou Baiyue's face was expressionless and very serious. "Also, after the Calming Celestial Department collects taxes, will the money be transferred into the national treasury through the Ministry of Revenue, or will it operate on its own?"

"You arrange this matter yourself. The Calming Celestial Department has independent and arbitrary decisions."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor said without hesitation, "The Ministry of Revenue is in charge of collecting taxes from the people. You are in charge of the celestial tax. What you collect is not money or rice, but all kinds of celestial materials. Although these things are of great value, it is not appropriate to transfer them into the national treasury. So you will operate these on your own." "Yes."

Lou Baiyue also knew that when the celestial materials entered the national treasury, the officials in the Ministry of Revenue would not use them, and it would be a waste. They could use these materials to do business with the Celestial Cultivation Sects, exchange with the Heaven Palace Sect, and trade with the big families among the people. They could make money, and in this way, the power of the Calming Celestial Department would snowball.

Many officials and princes were shocked. In this way, the Calming Celestial Department would really be an independent system, and it would be completely under the control of these three people.

"Lou Chongxiao, how is the disaster relief going?" The Heavenly Talisman Emperor asked.

"Your Majesty, according to the information from the various prefectures, the disaster relief is going very smoothly. According to the original plan, they have replanned the cities, built houses, and transported rice. These years, the national treasury has accumulated a lot of savings and can support it. In the past, whenever there was a major disaster, the big families would be generous. But this time, the big families didn't care. I don't agree with this, and some of the big families are spreading rumors that are not good for the imperial court." Lou Chongxiao actually directly attacked the big families of the Sages in the imperial court.

"Iron Blood Marquis, how do you feel about monitoring the traitors in the world?" The Heavenly Talisman Emperor asked.

"Replying to Your Majesty, ever since the phenomenon occurred, this subject has been paying close attention to the common people. At this time, the traitors will definitely stir up trouble, causing turmoil in the world and bewitching the hearts of the people. There were indeed some demons who stirred up trouble, but they were all extinguished by this subject. This subject has also discovered that many sects of the Immortal Dao have begun to secretly operate among the common people, as if they are searching for the person who descended the fiend star."

The Iron Blood Marquis then reported, "This is not a small matter. This official wishes to report this to the Emperor. Is that alright?"

"Throughout history, there have been many extremely talented people who were born from the Star Qi. They weren't people who descended from the Demon Star."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor looked at the sky outside the palace. "For example, you, Marquis Dashi, were born from the energy of the stars. Didn't he still become a cornerstone of the imperial court? "

"Yes." Marquis Boulder took a step forward. "It is all because of Your Majesty's nurturing that I am able to have my present achievements."

Marquis Boulder didn't have a father. Instead, his mother had gone up the mountain to worship the gods and had fallen asleep beside a large rock. When she returned home, she became pregnant. That large rock was a star that had fallen from the sky, and a mysterious and unfathomable essence had entered his mother's body, giving birth to him. In a certain sense, Marquis Boulder was also born from the energy of the stars.

"Then what do you think?" the Heavenly Talisman Emperor asked.

"The good and evil of a person are all nurtured after birth."

Marquis Boulder hurriedly said, "Even those who are born evil will return to the righteous path if they are reformed. But those who are born kind will also become the most evil of devils if they are bewitched by the evil path. The imperial court must find the people who were born from the will of the stars and educate them. We cannot let them walk the evil path and harm the common people." "It seems that this is the only way."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor nodded. "This time, the descent of thousands of star qi into the world is something that has never happened since ancient times. If we use it well, the imperial court will gain thousands of talents, and a golden age will come. If we don't use it well, those people will bring disaster to the world. Princess Yuefu! " "This official is here!" Lou Baiyue repeated.

"I'll leave this matter to your Department of Calmness as well."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor said, "We have high hopes for the Department of Calmness, but we don't have enough talents right now. We won't send those old geezers to help you because we hope that the youths of your generation will rise up on their own. With your actions, you will be able to inspire more youths to change the world. Moreover, since the immortal dao is secretly operating among the people, it's against the laws of the imperial court to search for people who can descend from the stars. The Department of Calmness must stop them." "Yes!"

Lou Baiyue already understood the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's thoughts. "This official will act immediately. We will search for people who are born from the will of the stars and nurture them in the Department of Calmness, leading them onto the righteous path."

"The path of the Department of Calmness is long and arduous." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor said, "Compared to those old geezers from the Heavenly Designer Institute, we favor you more. As for the matters of the aristocratic clans, how could we not know?

The spirits of the saints in the aristocratic clans have told them that we are not tolerated by the heavens and earth, that's why they are fighting against us. But today, we will say it in front of all of you. Those saints are shallow, how could they truly understand the heavenly dao?

However, those saints have also contributed greatly to humanity. As long as their descendants don't cause any trouble, we can tolerate it. " The entire court of civil and military officials did not speak. They all lowered their heads.

"Your Majesty, there's no need to care about this. The world is getting better and better, and the barbarians are losing ground. In a few more years, the imperial court will unify the Barbarian Desolate and accomplish many things that the ancient Heavenly Sons couldn't accomplish. Even the saints couldn't do it in ancient times."

Fang Lin, the minister of the study, reported, "Moreover, Your Majesty's enlightenment of the barbarians is almost complete. With the Evil God sealed, the newborn barbarian children won't have any evil qi and can be taught etiquette and poetry."

"Barbarian Saint Heng has been sealed by us, but I didn't kill him. However, powerful characters have also been born among the barbarians. It won't be easy to eliminate them all." The Heavenly Talisman Emperor looked at Seventh Prince Gufasa, "Little Seven, how are your recent battles? I asked you to destroy the Temple of Mahānata, but have you done it? " "Replying to Imperial Father."

Gufasa said, "The Temple of Mahānata is the most extensive in the Barbarian Desolate. I've already conquered three, but the largest one is embedded in the void. I'm thinking of a way to eradicate it. " "You've been working hard these days."

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor said, "The core of the Temple of Mahānata is indeed difficult to find, but the core of the barbarians is the Barbarian Saint Palace. You have to be careful."

"Thank you for your concern, Imperial Father. I'll do my best to serve the imperial court." The Seventh Prince was overjoyed.

Just as the imperial court was discussing many important matters, two young men stood on the Great Stone Wall not far away. Their clothes fluttered in the wind, looking at the Barbarian Desolate from the outside and the divine continent from the inside.

Originally, the Great Stone Wall was an important military place. There were many places on the Great Wall guarded by the army, and the common people were forbidden from coming up to see it. However, ever since the imperial court's army went out to expand their territory, the battlefront was extended, and many cities and fortresses were built in the Barbarian Desolate. Even the capital city was built in the Barbarian Desolate. The Great Stone Wall was also opened to the public, and it became a scenic spot. Any common person could visit it as long as they paid some money. As a result, there was an endless stream of tourists on the Great Wall. These two young men mixed in with the tourists, but their demeanor was extraordinary.

"Brother Chengkong, only the Nine Swords Mystical Sect and the other three sects have submitted to the imperial court. Now, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is praising them in court. What do you think?" a young man said to the other young man.

These two young men were Jian Chengkong and Xiao Wujin, who had contradicted the Heavenly Talisman Emperor in court. They were the outstanding disciples of the Nine Swords Mystical Sect and the Crimson Firmament Sect.

"Nothing much, just one word, kill!"

Jian Chengkong exuded a murderous aura. "Our Nine Swords Mystical Sect has many second and third rate sects that have to pay tribute to us. We protect them, but now they dare to betray us. If we don't punish them, they'll all submit to the imperial court. I believe your Crimson Firmament Sect has many such vassal sects, right? " "The imperial court is forcing us into a dead end."

Xiao Wujin's eyes were filled with deep hatred. "Our Crimson Firmament Sect has become the laughingstock of the immortal dao. Elder Wangji is still doing labor. We can't even save him. "

"Elder Wangji has been repairing bridges and roads among the people. He's been providing disaster relief everywhere. Damn it."

Jian Chengkong mourned the death of a rabbit, but he didn't mock them. "He has a talisman on him, so he can't move recklessly. If he does, he'll explode and die. Even now, we don't dare to save him." "Heavenly Talisman, that dog emperor deserves to die!"

Xiao Wujin pointed in the direction of the Burial Grounds. "You know what happened at the Burial Grounds a few days ago, right? I didn't expect those three to be so powerful. That Wen Hong's interference complicated the situation. " The three he was referring to were Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and Gu Huasha.

"Kill them all," Jian Chengkong said.

"Heavenly Talisman's dog emperor seems to want to nurture them. They're indeed improving rapidly. If this continues, those three won't be easy to deal with." "The Black Heaven and Earth Gate is already making plans."

Xiao Wujin frowned. "Of those three, the hardest to deal with is Lou Baiyue. She's cultivated the Great Massacre Divine Art. According to Uncle-Master Xiao Yan, she's extremely terrifying. She can even kill enemies many levels above her." "I think it's a good thing." Jian Chengkong snickered. "I want to kill her! I can turn her into my puppet and peek at the secrets of the Great Massacre Divine Art. "

"It's not impossible. I don't believe the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's Great Massacre Divine Art is invincible," Xiao Wujin said.

"But the most important thing now is to kill the traitors of the immortal dao. Don't they want to collect taxes from the immortal dao? Let's kill them all and see who dares to join the imperial court. "