Chapter 201
===========

"Seventh Uncle, you have a way. I'll wait for your good news."

As he spoke, Gu Tanjian's body flashed and disappeared into thin air, leaving a golden rune on the table. "Seventh Uncle, if you've thought it through, burn this rune, and you'll be able to contact me." "Damn it. How is this brat so powerful? What fortuitous encounter did he have? "

Gufasa fiercely slammed the table. "I thought that Eldest Brother was disliked by Imperial Father and completely lost his power. I didn't expect this to happen again. Mister Jin, what do you think?" "There's a terrifying person behind him who's nurturing him."

Jin Suibo's expression did not change. It was as if he had already expected this. "Also, that terrifying person is much more powerful than the sect leaders of immortal dao sects. I suspect it's a god." "God? Aren't all gods sealed by Imperial Father, regardless of whether they're righteous or evil? They can't interfere with the world at all? "Gufasa asked in shock.

"There was once a god who plotted against His Majesty."

Jin Suibo seemed to know everything and was very mysterious. "Although His Majesty killed that god, that god used this opportunity to reincarnate into the human world. He abandoned his God Nation and escaped His Majesty's pursuit."

"You're talking about The Great Spirit God!" Gufasa sat down on the bench. "No wonder he kept turning the Great Spirit God Ring." "This is a great opportunity for Your Highness," Jin Suibo said.

"What opportunity?" Gufasa instantly became spirited.

"Of course, it's to find out the whereabouts of The Great Spirit God's reincarnation and then tell His Majesty. His Majesty will definitely reward you.

He might even give you the Primordial Tree's fruit. Wouldn't that be far better than some mythological pill? Not to mention the Dragon Nurturing Pill. "

Jin Suibo said, "Moreover, from what I've seen, ever since the First Prince was reprimanded by the Emperor, he has been disloyal and dissatisfied with the Imperial Court. In addition, the Heng family has secretly colluded with all kinds of demons. The Emperor has seen all of this. Your Highness must not get involved with this group of people."

"What you said is reasonable, but I heard that many old monsters in the school of Legalism have already expressed that they will no longer support the imperial court after this disaster. They've even started searching for the reincarnated Demon Star," Gufasa said. "Why don't I find a way out first?" "A way out?" Jin Suibo smiled. "If the nest is overturned, how can the eggs remain intact?

It could be said that the other ministers of the imperial court could find a way out, but only the princes could not. It was laughable that they could not see it clearly. Taking ten thousand steps back, could it be that His Highness could find a reliable backer? Would the Legalists care about Her Highness? Or would the other Immortal Dao sects care about Her Highness? If one's tone was half-hearted, it was better to walk the path of darkness to the end. Let's take a gamble! " "That's right!"

Gufasa's eyes shone brightly. "If I can make a great contribution to Father, the benefits will be greater than anything else. After all, I'm his son. Look at Old Nineteen and Lou Baiyue. They've been following Father wholeheartedly. They've improved so quickly. It would be strange if Father didn't give them benefits behind their backs."

"That's right. Actually, in this world, only His Majesty can give His Highness enough benefits. No one else can. The school of Legalism is petty. Until now, they haven't truly considered His Highness. I can say with certainty that as the number one Saint Clan, the school of Legalism definitely has pills that can increase a person's aptitude," Jin Suibo said.

"Mister Jin, you're not simple either."

Gufasa thought about it and felt that it made sense. "It seems that I feel that you're becoming more and more mysterious. What exactly do you want? What's your goal? Tell me the truth. "

"It's better for His Highness not to know. It's not good to know too much. His Highness just needs to remember that I won't harm you." Jin Suibo suddenly released a mountainous and ocean-like aura.

"Okay!"

Gufasa was extremely shocked, but he was also a formidable person. He knew that a wise man submits to circumstances. He stood up, cupped his hands, and said, "Mister Jin, then I'll rely on you."

"That's easy, I've always been planning for His Highness," Jin Suibo said. "It's best for His Highness to befriend His Nineteenth Highness, Lou Baiyue, and His Fourth Highness. Let go of the past. Even if we can't be friends, we can't be enemies. " "What?"

Gufasa frowned. "I took Old Nineteen's Magic Breaking Celestial Sword and Devil-Warding Celestial Robe. I already have a grudge against him. I'm afraid it's impossible to befriend him."

"It's okay. His Highness can return these two treasures to His Nineteenth Highness and everything will be over." Jin Suibo waved his hands.

"Mister Jin, it's easy for you to say. The Magic Breaking Celestial Sword is really strong and after wearing the Devil-Warding Celestial Robe, it can suppress the soul and get rid of demons. No matter how strong an expert is, they won't be able to shake my soul. It can also defend against all sorts of demons. If I didn't have these two treasures, I would have died many times.

"I'm at Dao Realm Transformation Stage now. With these two treasures, I can even beat King Barbarian who is three transformations above me." Gufasa definitely couldn't give up on these two treasures.

"His Highness isn't really giving them to him." Jin Suibo said, "He's just apologizing and saying that he's borrowing them and will return them in the future. Moreover, His Highness is alone and without help, so how will he investigate Gu Tanjian? He can only borrow the strength of His Nineteenth Highness and Lou Baiyue. " "This is a good thing!"

Gufasa clapped his hands and cheered, "Mister Jin, you really are my brain. How about this, I will immediately visit Nineteen and Lou Baiyue."

"Your Highness, please wait. Don't forget this. If you just go over, they might not believe you. Their relationship is deep, so let me mediate."

Jin Suibo said right away, "To them, I have made some contributions. I can persuade second and third rate celestial sects and even gain their trust. It isn't impossible for me to join the Calming Celestial Division." "This is good."

Gufasa said excitedly, "You must join the Calming Celestial Division. You have to. Calming Celestial Division is one piece and if you join, then I will have people inside."

"Watch as I plan for Your Highness." Jin Suibo's eyes shone and no one knew what he was thinking about. Within the Calming Celestial Division. Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and The Fourth also came down from the court meeting.

"Who would have thought that the Emperor would give the mission of finding the person who reincarnated with the energy of the stars to our Calming Celestial Division. This is difficult." The Fourth looked at the sky. "The heavenly secrets are in chaos, and the universe is overturned. It is difficult to divine." "There might be a way."

Lou Baiyue said, "When my cultivation improves, I can use the Vast Thousand Mirror to shine. It might be possible to find some clues. If I can cultivate the Fifteen Transformations, the Heavenly Eye Suspending, I can combine my primordial spirit with the Vast Thousand Mirror and hang it in the air. There will be many clues." "With your current speed, the Fifteen Transformations Heavenly Eye Suspending isn't very far.

You are now at the Twelve Transformations Soul-Stealing Transformation. As long as you continue to cultivate, breaking through consecutively is nothing. "

Gu Chensha knew that with Lou Baiyue's talent, she had activated something in her body. She was an unparalleled genius. This kind of cultivation speed wasn't something he could compare to. As he said this, his brows suddenly moved. He hurriedly waved his hand.

Instantly, some of the formations in the Calming Immortal Department moved slightly, and a gap was opened. Chi la!

A shadow landed. It was Luluha. He had many wounds on his body and was heavily injured. However, he still knelt down. "Subordinate Yizheng greets Master." "Yizheng, you came back from the Hell Serpent Temple? Did you bring back any treasures? "

Gu Chensha waved his hand. Instantly, the Innate Heavenly Qi turned into an auspicious cloud that enveloped Luluha. Then, it turned into rain that seeped into his body. Instantly, his damaged body recovered.

"Thank you, Master, for healing my injuries." Luluha, who was now Yizheng, hurriedly took out a leather bag from his back.

This leather bag was the size of a human head. It didn't look eye-catching. It seemed to be the skin of some animal. However, after it was opened, many lights came out.

"This is the Sun Swallowing Bashe Bag." Lou Baiyue was delighted. "The treasure of the Hell Serpent Temple. You actually brought it out."

"In ancient times, there were two serpents, the Hell Serpent and the Sun Swallowing Bashe. These two serpents had unparalleled power. This leather bag was refined from the Sun Swallowing Bashe's skin.

Not only does this bag form a space of its own, it can also swallow everything. Any expert who is sucked into this bag will turn into Sun Swallowing Qi in no time. "

The Fourth also praised. "We're really lucky. Once, when the imperial army attacked, a barbarian expert opened this bag and sucked tens of thousands of the imperial army into it in an instant." "So vicious." Gu Chensha asked, "Yizheng, what other treasures did you get?" "I was useless, so I took this treasure back."

Luluha hurriedly kowtowed. "This is the strongest treasure of the Hell Serpent Temple. It is usually worshipped on the altar. I thought that this treasure was the most valuable, so I took it back. However, the Barbarian Sacred Palace received news that I had been killed by Grand Preceptor Wen Hong. They wanted to send people over to take over the temple. I just happened to meet them, and they came to kill me. It wasn't easy for me to escape, so I didn't have time to take the other treasures. "

"That's enough." The Fourth chuckled. "This treasure's value is equal to the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. The Sun Swallowing Bashe Bag is terrifying.

Luluha, you've committed too many sins in your life. Now that you've stolen this treasure, you've made up for some of your sins. "

"The Sun Swallowing Bashe is an ancient fierce serpent. It's even stronger than a true dragon. Even the ancient Emperor couldn't do anything to it. He could only confer it with the title of God, conferring it and the Hell Serpent Twin Serpents as fierce gods and evil gods so that they can't descend into the world with their true bodies."

Lou Baiyue said, "This bag was refined from a small piece of the Sun Swallowing Bashe's skin. Naturally, it's powerful. However, the best way to use it is to merge with your Dragon Gate." "Combine two into one?" Gu Chensha asked.