Chapter 877
===========

Gu Chensha did some calculations and had already deduced where Heavenly King Dong Hua and Heavenly King Wisdom were hiding. He was about to head over and suppress them, extracting Heavenly King Wisdom's origin and putting Heavenly King Dong Hua's Hongmeng Tree into his body. With the three treasures combined, he could unleash great power.

But at this moment, news came from the Dragonless Cabinet, forcing him to return to deal with some matters. Whoosh! Gu Chensha's clone went directly to the Dragonless Cabinet. The Dragonless Cabinet was now the real authority of the court.

And the Dragonless Cabinet was now built in Sin Province City, the real center of the Divine Prefecture. It was neither the old capital city nor the new capital city of the Wilderness.

Back then, Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor moved the capital outside the pass, which led to the shift of the world's power. The Wilderness was rapidly developed, and everyone gained great benefits.

But now the situation had changed. The biggest war was no longer the war between humans and the Barbarians, but the war between humans and demons. The focus of the common people was once again on the Demon Region. Sin Province City was now the most prosperous place in the world. Countless layers of the Demon Region were attacked by humans, and countless demons were killed and plundered, becoming human resources. The battlefield in the Demon Region also gave humans great training.

In the battle between humans and demons, humans had gained the upper hand. They used the countless layers of the Demon Region as a training ground and a hunting ground. This was something that had never happened since ancient times.

Therefore, the fate of the world and the fate of the human nation were all gathered in Sin Province City. Gu Chensha and the others naturally had to establish a cabinet in Sin Province City to manage the world and suppress the Divine Prefecture.

"We have a person called Zhang Ziran in our Department of Tranquility. Is he the reincarnation of the Endless Flame?

After he woke up, he immediately reported that he was willing to offer the Endless Flame to the country? "

Gu Chensha arrived in the Dragonless Cabinet. Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, Gu Huasha, Longevity God, Chang Weiyang, Chang Yuzhou, Warrior Sage, and the other higher-ups were all there. They were handling their own affairs, monitoring the changes in the Four Wilds, the Divine Prefecture, and the depths of the Demon Region.

The situation in the world was changing with each passing day. Countless Dao Realm cultivators were born almost every moment. Apart from that, it was extremely easy for humans to ascend.

After many people advanced to the Dao Realm, they directly cultivated the Nine Bulls and Two Tigers, Copper Skin and Iron Bones, Gold Devouring Stone, Spirit Gathering Hundred Apertures, Innate Earth Qi, and other transformations.

If this went on, in less than a year, the world would be filled with experts. Even the common people would be able to completely break away from the mortal world. All of them would reach the Dao Realm, and all of them would be able to cultivate Innate Stellar Energy, allowing them to fly.

In this way, not only would the destiny of the country increase, but it would also bring about a series of troubles. People were not satisfied. Everyone had ambitions and desires. This was something that could not be changed. Even the Heavenly Dao could not change it. Naturally, Gu Chensha could not do anything about it. As the strength of the people grew, so did their ambitions. If there were too many ambitious people, it would instead weaken the destiny of the country.

It didn't mean that the stronger the people of a country were, the stronger the country's fate would be.

On the contrary, in the power tactics of the emperors of the past, there were times when the people had to be ignorant and weak.

Even some supreme principles say that the people can only have their stomach filled, but not their intelligence.

"Zhang Ziran, come up."

At that moment, Lou Baiyue saw that Gu Chensha had arrived. She gave some instructions and instantly, a young man was brought into the hall. He had red lips and white teeth, and he looked like an elegant young man. He had a calm demeanor, but deep down, he was extremely hot-blooded. One look and one could tell that he was a young man who had been influenced by the ideals of the Calming Celestial Department.

The Calming Celestial Department had groomed many such hot-blooded young men. They were the foundations of the future, the pillars of the country.

The moment this hot-blooded young man called Zhang Ziran entered and saw Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and the others, a look of worship and shock appeared on his face. Pata!

He knelt down on one knee and a ball of flames appeared in his hand. "Subordinate Zhang Ziran has recently awakened the Boundless Flame. It turns out that I am the reincarnation of the Boundless Flame. However, I know that this Boundless Flame is a great restriction for me. Therefore, I am willing to give up this Boundless Flame and offer it to the country." "Very good."

Gu Chensha's eyes repeatedly looked at this' Zhang Ziran '. He didn't collect the Endless Flame, but rather, he was observing his past and future.

After a long time, Gu Chensha finally spoke. "As expected, you are a good young man. Only when there are more young men like you will there be hope for our imperial court and the world. You took the initiative to give up the Endless Flame for the sake of the world. You should be clear on what exactly the Endless Thirty-Six Treasures are."

"Your subordinate is very clear. Your subordinate has diligently studied the recent Heavenly Talisman Tome, and there are many secrets about the Endless Thirty-Six Treasures. These treasures are related to the secret of the birth of the Emperor Of Heaven in the future, as well as the changes in the divine prefecture. In other words, if the Endless Thirty-Six Treasures were to fall into the hands of ambitious people, it might cause the divine prefecture to once again experience a calamity, causing us to lose our homeland. This is something I will absolutely not allow. "

Zhang Ziran's voice was powerful and resonant. "Hence, I hope that the imperial court can gather the Endless Thirty-Six Treasures as soon as possible, and then completely refine the divine prefecture, causing the Heavenly Court to be unable to appear in the future, causing the birth of the Emperor Of Heaven to die in the womb."

"For you to have such thoughts, it seems like you have truly comprehended the quintessence of our dragonless dao. In that case, if you give up the Endless Flame, it will be a great merit, but your personal strength will also be greatly weakened.

Our imperial court is very fair in its rewards and punishments. We will not let you suffer losses, and in fact, we will even allow you to improve tremendously. "

Gu Chensha clasped his hands together, and instantly, the Endless Flame landed in his hands. It rotated slightly and disappeared, merging into the dragonless heart sutra.

After that, Gu Chensha made a grabbing motion again, and an article appeared, constantly changing and circulating. Finally, with a flash of golden light, it fell into the body of this' Zhang Ziran '.

The body of 'Zhang Ziran' changed bit by bit, and with a single thought, another ball of flame was born from within his body.

The power of this flame was extremely great, as if it could sweep through the heavens and refine all things. Its power surpassed that of the Endless Flame that had just been given up.

"This is the dragonless flame, and its power surpasses that of the Endless Flame. Furthermore, it can also temper your body, allowing your cultivation base to quickly reach the Godly level, Saint level, and even the Celestial Lord level."

Gu Chensha said, "This flame can still grow. As long as you circulate your own spirit and thoughts, and use the dragonless heart sutra to refine the dragonless qi that surpasses the Heavenly Daos, you will be able to make this flame even stronger."

"Indeed, my power has increased by at least twofold. The profoundness of this flame far surpasses that of the Endless Flame. To be honest, this flame contains secrets that surpass the Heavenly Daos, and it has made me understand that only the human heart can surpass the Heavenly Daos."

Zhang Ziran circulated the 'dragonless flame' in his body, and an expression of extreme surprise appeared on his face. "This flame has seized the profoundness of the Heavenly Daos, and has the effect of endless cycles. It can break through the ancient times, and is invincible like the sun and the moon."

"That's right. Since you've already comprehended it, you can also use this flame to contact the Dragonless Gourd. If you encounter any danger, this flame will automatically notify the Dragonless Gourd, and the power from the depths of the Dragonless Gourd will descend to protect you."

Lou Baiyue said, "You've contributed by giving up this treasure, and I'll still promote you. Your position will be increased by five ranks, and your remuneration will be increased. You can also lead a department to patrol the country, and monitor those who are disobedient and ambitious." "Yes!"

Zhang Ziran prostrated himself. "I also know that the strength of the people in the country is increasing with every passing moment, and their ambitions are also growing. I need to monitor them well, persuade them, and influence them, so that they walk the right path and are united. Otherwise, there will be chaos." "Go." Gu Chensha waved his hand. Zhang Ziran respectfully retreated.

"What do you think of this kid?" Lou Baiyue asked Gu Chensha.

"This kid isn't simple, and he might not be the reincarnation of the Endless Flame. But in my divination, there's nothing wrong with him at all."

Gu Chensha's face was expressionless. "But now that I've cultivated to this realm, I can sense many things. As long as I improve further, I'll be able to observe everything." "Let's not talk about this kid's problem."

Lou Baiyue said, "We've done a lot of data analysis recently. Recently, there have been many Dao Realm experts in the world, and the country's luck has increased. However, the country's luck is showing signs of being impure. Many people raise their cultivation levels, and their state of mind changes. The speed at which their ambitions grow is much faster than their cultivation.

"Recently, across the entire country, there have been several tens of people who have secretly attained a breakthrough to the Divine level. The moment these people attained a breakthrough to the Divine level, deep in their hearts, the ambition to rule over the world, to become kings and emperors arose. Although they did not express it, we could sense the core of their hearts. Perhaps they were suppressing it, but there was no way for them to suppress such thoughts.

"But we can't punish these people because of this. After all, it's just too preposterous to judge people based on their thoughts and sudden thoughts." "This is also the greatest challenge the Heavenly Dao has given us."

Gu Chensha looked at the numerous records of data and understood everything. "I will solve this matter completely. A person's thoughts are ever-changing, and no one can control what they will think in the next moment. Their thoughts and emotions will rise and fall. Even the Heavenly Venerables, Heavenly Longevity Realm, Heavenly Essence Realm, and even the Heaven Realm will have their own thoughts. We basically can't stop this.

"But now that we can monitor the emotional changes of the people in the world, it can be considered a great improvement. We can grasp the hearts of the people at any time and choose the direction to correct them.

"Based on our calculations, in another year, the country's luck will go downhill. Who knows how many ambitious people will appear in the world? Many people will break away from the structure of the imperial court and even become kings and emperors. Their ambitions can't be suppressed, and when their ambitions expand, they can even burn themselves into ashes."

Wen Hong sighed and said, "Actually, with us sitting in this position now, countless people will be envious of us. They will think of pulling us down and taking control themselves." a