Chapter 1020
============

Forced Abdication by the Imperial Court

"Zhao Jiangshan really did run into all sorts of tribulations. If I hadn't tempered him for so many days, he wouldn't have been able to hold on. And now he's fighting back."

Gu Chensha was currently standing outside the universe, looking at the complicated and chaotic situation. He was quite interested, because a Heavenly Dao level expert was about to be born. That was Zhao Jiangshan.

After the Righteous and Evil Universes fused, the aura of Heavenly Dao Energy spread to all sorts of universes. Countless experts were like flies that had encountered fresh blood. They all flocked to this universe, wanting to find Zhao Jiangshan and devour him so that they could obtain Heavenly Dao realm cultivation.

The universe became very chaotic. Countless sects, countries, powers, and space-time races were plotting and plotting to gain benefits. A mirror appeared in front of Gu Chensha, and within it was an image of Zhao Jiangshan.

Time passed very quickly in the Righteous and Corrupt universes. A day in the human world was a hundred years in the Righteous and Corrupt universes.

For a thousand years, Zhao Jiangshan hid in the Righteous and Demonic universes, killing those who were spying on him. He also had many fortuitous encounters and gained enlightenment, and his strength grew stronger and stronger. Gradually, he began to fuse with the Heavenly Dao energy of the Righteous and Demonic universes, and a heaven-shaking, earth-toppling transformation occurred.

In a hundred years, he became an ancestor, competing with other ancestors. He was very good at hiding, and no one could find him. He could buy time and win strategic opportunities.

In addition, his Dragonless Heart Art grew stronger and stronger. His spirit force and heavenly dao energy fused together, causing the righteous and evil universes to expand once more. Also, the number of people in the righteous and evil universes who knew the Dragonless Heart Art kept increasing. As the universe expanded, the Heavenly Dao energy grew even stronger. Of course, Gu Chensha could see all of this very clearly.

The Righteous and Corrupt universes were actually a minor universe in the human world. There were many other universes like this.

"Emperor Of Heaven, The Fourth, and Zhang Ziran have all entered the Righteous and Evil Universes."

How could Gu Chensha not realize what was going on? His body flickered as he left, allowing things to develop as they were. He returned to the imperial palace, where he called for another meeting.

Under Gu Chensha's summons, the Emperor Of Heaven, The Fourth, and Zhang Ziran had no choice but to return from the Righteous and Evil Universes. It wasn't that they were willing, but that they had no choice. They knew that if they disobeyed Gu Chensha's orders, their fates would be extremely miserable.

It wasn't just the three of them. Many ancestors from the Righteous and Evil Universes had also been summoned to the Imperial Court.

In a short time, hundreds and thousands of ancestors appeared in the Imperial Court. Now, Gu Chensha's prestige had spread throughout the human world. Almost no ancestor in the countless universes dared to disobey his orders. Of course, there were also many newly promoted ancestors who didn't listen to Gu Chensha's orders.

In the Imperial Court, although these ancestors listened to Gu Chensha on the surface, they were secretly forming cliques for personal gain. They even used the power of the Imperial Court to annex others.

On the surface, the entire Imperial Court had begun to unify the countless space-times of the human world. However, in reality, the hearts of the people weren't very united. There were many factions in the Imperial Court, each with their own ideas.

However, they didn't dare to brazenly disobey Gu Chensha's orders. Therefore, the Dragonless Cultivation Method continued to be promoted vigorously. As a result, more and more people in the human world cultivated the Dragonless Cultivation Method and began to contribute to the universe.

"Everyone."

Gu Chensha sat on the supreme throne and spoke to the people below, "This time, I have gathered all of you for a meeting. There are some matters regarding the Righteous and Evil Universes. Confucianism Ancestor, tell me, what is the current situation of the Righteous and Evil Universes?"

Confucianism Ancestor hurriedly came forward and reported, "The situation of the Righteous and Evil Universes is very good. Many of them have cultivated the Dragonless Cultivation Method. Although their strength is still weak, they can provide help to the Origin of the universe. They don't need to absorb the energy of the universe." "Other than that, is there anything else?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Another thing is that the killings between the sects in the Righteous and Evil Universes are too serious. The ancestors of the Evil Alliance often instigate conflicts between the sects, causing the Righteous and Evil Universes to be unable to stabilize. I hope that Your Majesty can suppress the ancestors of the Evil Alliance to prevent the universe from being destroyed and the lives of the people." Confucianism Ancestor spoke with a strong sense of righteousness.

"Your Majesty."

At this time, the Evil Ancestor appeared. He knelt down and kowtowed repeatedly. "Your Majesty, please do not listen to the nonsense of the Confucianism Ancestor. The Confucianism Ancestor hates Your Majesty to the core, but under Your Majesty's power, he has no choice but to submit. Anyone with a discerning eye can see this. Therefore, I hope that Your Majesty will severely punish the Confucianism Ancestor. As a warning to others. " "Your Majesty."

The Ancestor of Evil also knelt down. "While speaking, the Confucianism Ancestor, you did not kneel to Your Majesty. Instead, you stood stiffly in the court. What a scandal! Confucianism Ancestor, kneel immediately, or I will punish you for the crime of disrespect." "You evil people, you have a glib tongue here."

The Ancestor of Justice scolded. "His Majesty's Dragonless Cultivation Technique stresses that everyone is equal, that everyone is free, and that they can do as they please. You dare to spout nonsense here? I think you are the ones who are disrespectful. You have destroyed the essence of the Dragonless Cultivation Technique, and are trying to frame His Majesty."

"Ancestor of Justice, who do you think you are? Some time ago, your Righteous Sect massacred the sects under my command in the name of slaying demons and devils. They slaughtered everyone, regardless of whether they were men or women, old or young. Even newborn babies were not spared. Especially the young sect leader of the Silent Demon Sect, who had mastered the Dragonless Cultivation Technique and was able to activate the great power within his heart. You were afraid that our forces would grow stronger, so you found an excuse to kill him. This is clearly breaking His Majesty's laws. After mastering the Dragonless Cultivation Technique, one can support the universe. But in order to suppress our strength, you killed someone who had mastered the Dragonless Cultivation Technique. Your Majesty, this matter cannot be tolerated." At this time, the Evil Ancestor also knelt down.

In the imperial court, the other Ancestral Patriarchs watched the battle between the two factions coldly. Some were gloating, some were whispering, and some were secretly observing to see how Gu Chensha would handle the situation. The situation in the court became incomparably complicated.

Gu Chensha looked at the ruckus in the court below. He was very clear that if he unified the human world, all the ancestors would have to submit to him. However, these ancestors were only forced by force. It was impossible for them to sincerely submit to him. Of course, it was the same for the emperors of the past dynasties. Basically, none of the ministers in the court were loyal.

"Demon Ancestor, what do you think? You came from the Celestial Middle Earth." Gu Chensha asked, "We have a certain friendship. What do you think about the matter of the righteous and evil universes?" The Demon Ancestor was God Maha, and also the former lord of the Devil World.

He was originally an enemy of Gu Chensha, but now he was extremely afraid. This was because Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God had become two dogs. In order to avoid such an ending, he had no choice but to submit.

"Your Majesty, I am the Demon Ancestor. I used to manage hell in the Heaven Realm. I am known as the King of Hell. I have a lot of knowledge about the demonic path."

God Maha said, "In the world, there are righteous and evil, there are demons and there are daos. They fight and kill each other, forming karma and fate. It is also beneficial to the development of the universe. However, the Ancestor of Justice and the others claim to be righteous, but they kill people who have cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra. This is not in line with the strategy Your Majesty has set." "Your Majesty, the Demon Ancestor is talking nonsense."

The Ancestor of Personal Loyalty said, "In this world, evil cannot win over good. Now that Your Majesty has cleansed the roots, you should uphold the righteous path of heaven and earth, and destroy evil. I know Your Majesty's history. In the Celestial Middle Earth, when Your Majesty was a prince, you constantly killed evil and swore to destroy all demons. I hope Your Majesty will not forget your original intention."

Gu Chensha ignored the Ancestor of Personal Loyalty's words. Instead, he asked the Spell Ancestor, "Spell Ancestor, tell me how to deal with the righteous and evil universes."

The Spell Ancestor immediately went forward and reported, "Your Majesty, the Ancestor of Personal Loyalty dares to use words against Your Majesty. This is a crime worthy of death. Your Majesty's actions are the absolute truth. The Ancestor of Personal Loyalty dares to say what he wants Your Majesty to do? Does that mean he thinks of himself as the teacher of the emperor? Does he think Your Majesty is the emperor of the human world? Is there a mistake?

In fact, Your Majesty's current identity is already supreme. You can control everything and create the Heavenly Path. What else do you need him to do?

This is the foundation, and it cannot be shaken. Your Majesty has a loyal subordinate called the Little Godson. He used to be a eunuch, but he hasn't been promoted to Ancestor yet. Your Majesty can punish the Ancestor of Personal Loyalty by stripping him of his status as an Ancestor. At the same time, you can make the Little Godson the title of Ancestor of Personal Loyalty. Of course, all of this needs to be decided by Your Majesty. Your humble servant can't guess Your Majesty's thoughts. " The Dharma Saint's Spell Ancestor's words were an attack on the Justice League.

"Spell Ancestor, what do you mean by that?

How can you still uphold the law? In this world, there is nothing that is always right. Even Your Majesty has to keep up with the times and keep improving. This is the right path. We are loyal ministers who assist Your Majesty in accomplishing great things.

Your Majesty, I hope you can demote the Spell Ancestor. "At this time, the Justice League's Ancestors all roared.

The Justice League had a total of thirty-six Ancestors. As soon as they roared, many other Ancestors supported them. Gu Chensha looked around and saw that there were hundreds of Ancestors supporting the Justice League. They seemed to have formed a party.

"Your Majesty, please uphold the righteous path and kill the demons. Otherwise, the world will be in chaos, and I'm afraid Your Majesty's ideals will be ruined.

In short, if Your Majesty doesn't punish the demons today, we will continue to admonish Your Majesty. This is advice that offends the ear, and Your Majesty has no choice but to listen. "The Confucianism Ancestor roared. At this time, many of the ancestors were also echoing in agreement.

The other ancestors could also tell that the ancestors of the Righteous Alliance were trying to force the emperor to abdicate, which made sense. Many ancestors decided to wait and see how Gu Chensha would deal with the situation.

"East Ancestor, what do you think? How do you think Gu Chensha will deal with this?" Another small group was whispering. Remember the mobile website: M.