Chapter 134
===========

"Black Heaven Earth Sect has a deep hatred with the Emperor. Their Young Sect Leader was killed by the Emperor and their Sect Leader was injured by the Emperor.

If it wasn't for the fact that this door itself is an artifact of the Heavenly Dao, and that destroying this door might affect the world, His Majesty would have long destroyed the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. "

Luo Wu casually recounted an earth-shattering past event. "Of course, there were also a few close female friends in the Black Heaven Earth Sect who pleaded for leniency. Only then did the sect regain some face." "Fairy Luo Wu is really clear about the secrets of the Celestial Dao Sect."

Gu Chensha knew that this matter involved the Celestial Dao Sect and it wasn't a small matter. But since she said it out loud, it was obvious that she supported the Imperial Court and didn't have a good relationship with Black Heaven Earth Sect.

The ancient 72 Celestial Dao Sects also had intense internal conflicts. Sects fought and killed one another. This was similar to the conflicts in the Imperial Court.

"I also know that Prince Chen is a miracle. A year ago, he was still hiding his strength, but this year, he soared into the sky." Luo Wu smiled and wanted to chat with Gu Chensha.

"How did I soar into the sky? Fairy must be joking."

Gu Chensha waved his hand and said, "It's just a small accomplishment. I'm still far from it. I can't see through Fairy's cultivation level. It's definitely far above mine. I'm only able to chat with Fairy today because of my father."

He wasn't looking down on himself. If not for Heaven Talisman Emperor, even if he was a prince, Luo Wu wouldn't even bother to look at him.

Dao Realm Second Transformation Realm cultivation could be considered strong in the mortal world, but in a Celestial Dao Sect, he was just an unassuming disciple.

"Oh, Old Nineteen is here?"

At this moment, a voice rang out. The Tenth Prince Gu Zhenlong strode over with an intimidating aura. He was also talking to a few disciples from the immortal dao sects, but when he saw Gu Chensha, he immediately walked over.

"Old Ten, these are all Celestial Dao Sect disciples. Don't have any conflicts. Solve this later."

Lou Baiyue's expression changed, "The Emperor ordered me to receive many Celestial Dao Sect disciples. You can't mess around." "Baiyue, why would I act recklessly?"

The Tenth Prince, Gu Zhensha, grew taller and taller. He gave off the feeling of a god looking down on the common people. It was unknown what kind of martial arts he had cultivated. His gloomy temperament had a hint of fierceness. In the fierceness, there was a fury that could burn the heavens and the earth. "I heard that the Nineteenth Prince has been practicing martial arts quite well recently. I wanted to try out my fist technique." "Oh?

Tenth Brother's cultivation is amazing too. He actually broke through several realms and reached the fourth transformation of the Dao Realm. His internal organs are like a furnace and he is immune to all poisons. "Gu Chensha couldn't see through Luo Wu, Lou Baiyue, and the others' cultivation but he could see through Gu Zhensha's.

A year ago, Lin Fan was at the same realm as him, a Martial Technique Grandmaster. Now, he was only at Dao Realm Transformation Two while he was at Transformation Four.

"It's good that you know." The Tenth Prince, Gu Zhensha, laughed sinisterly. He reached out with his hand towards Gu Chensha's head. His five fingers were spread open. His hand was big and wide like a cattail leaf fan.

When it slapped towards his head, there was actually the sound of thunder. It was as if the Thunder God above was raging. Gu Chensha also moved. He punched out.

It was as slow as a turtle crawling, yet as fast as a snake biting a man. Movement and stillness were combined, but his fist intent was very ordinary and ordinary. It was like an old farmer plowing the fields, using a hoe to dig for food, difficult with bitterness. When one looked at this fist, one would see the hardships of the people over the thousands of years.

Lou Baiyue's gaze suddenly sharpened. She saw that the moment Gu Chensha punched, his temperament changed abruptly. It was as if he was an ancient sage looking at the hardships of the common people, and tears streamed down his face. He sighed to cover his tears, lamenting the hardships of the people. This fist wasn't a martial art anymore. Peng! The fist arrived. The person flew. Gu Zhensha flew.

Just one fist and the Tenth Prince, who was at Transformation Four, was sent flying. He smashed into a tree and slowly slid down. He wasn't injured at all.

The reason why he wasn't injured wasn't because Gu Chensha's fist wasn't strong but because he held back.

"Damn!" Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha didn't expect that he would be sent flying. He was furious. Rage burned and his blood boiled. Smoke started to seep out from his seven orifices. Rage fist. Smoke rose from his seven orifices. He stomped on the ground. Honglong!

He fell like a meteor. Flames of rage descended from the sky. This was the rage of the heavens, the rage of the earth, and the rage of the man. Everything was furious. Rage burned the entire world and it had the power to destroy it.

"This is the Rage Fist, an extremely terrifying fist of the Ancient Shaman Dao. It is rumored that a person's rage is limitless. This fist is born from the person's rage, and it is also limitless." Some disciples of the Immortal Dao Sects felt the terrifying rage, and their expressions immediately changed.

In the blink of an eye, Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha was in front of Gu Chensha once more. His fist was filled with rage and no one could block his rage. Gu Chensha punched once more.

It was still twisting and turning like it was learning how to walk. It was really clumsy and funny like a pregnant woman working carefully in case she hurt the baby in her stomach. Peng! The fist arrived. People were sent flying. It was still Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha. All his martial arts were useless in front of Gu Chensha's fist. Even the Ancient Witchcraft's Wrath Fist was broken by his self-created Clumsy Fist.

Gu Zhensha slid down from the tree but didn't attack again. He stared at Gu Chensha as if he wanted to turn into a beast and eat him.

"Tenth Brother, thank you."

Gu Chensha didn't want to waste time with the Tenth Prince. After all, there were so many outsiders present. It wasn't honorable for brothers to fight to the death. "I was lucky enough to win by half a move, but I'll stop here. If Tenth Brother really wants to, we can arrange a time to have a good spar." "You!"

Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha was furious but a young man pressed down on his shoulder. "Cousin, don't be impatient. Let me say a few words. " Seeing this young man, Gu Zhensha's anger subsided. "Alright, you deal with him." The young man walked in front of Gu Chensha and cupped his hands. "Duke Chen, I am Lei Tianhui." "Lei Family."

Gu Chensha sized him up and realized that he couldn't see through this person's strength. He knew that he wasn't simple. He didn't put on airs and asked, "What is it, Brother Lei?"

"I am the cousin of the Tenth Highness. I saw your fist technique and was itching. Can I spar with you?" Lei Tianhui's expression didn't change at all.

"Lei Tianhui, the top of the Lei Family's younger generation. When you stepped into Dao Realm, you killed a barbarian general. The Imperial Court's evaluation of you is that you are a genius.

Your cultivation is at Dao Realm Eight Transformation Samadhi True Flame. "Lou Baiyue walked forwards," With your cultivation, you actually dare to stand up for him? " "I won't use any Xiantian Energy."

Lei Tianhui stood with his hands behind his back. "I will use the power of martial arts. Also, Duke Chen can use any Dharma treasures. I will fight him bare-handed. What do you think? " "Okay." As Gu Chensha spoke, he stabbed out with his sword.

His Demon Descending Blade appeared in his hands and his entire body was covered in the King Dragon Armor.

If it were any other Dharma treasure, there would be flaws when it was used. However, the Demon Subduing Blade and the King Dragon Armor were refined with his own blood, and he had exhausted all of his energy. When he used them, they were no different from his own arms. They were like extra limbs.

The Demon Subduing Blade was still very clumsy, without any fancy moves, plain and simple. It was like an ordinary commoner doing his daily chores, busying himself with oil, salt, firewood, and rice. He was ignorant and did not know how to improve, numb and satisfied. The sword followed his heart. The heart and the sword followed.

Lei Tianhui turned pale with fright. When Gu Chensha drew his sword, the armor and the Demon Subduing Blade seemed to have materialized out of thin air. They actually combined perfectly with his will. The strength of the sword and the armor was beyond Lei Tianhui's imagination. Kacha kacha! Before the sword reached his body, lightning-like energy appeared on Lei Tianhui's body. The Xiantian Energy instantly formed into a physical form. Kacha kacha! It formed into a ball of lightning and exploded in the air. Boom!

The sword and the ball of lightning collided and a huge shockwave spread out. The strong wind created a whirlpool that rushed into the sky. Gu Chensha was shaken by this and retreated repeatedly. His Qi and blood were unstable. Lei Tianhui stood there with an awkward expression on his face.

He had promised not to use any Xiantian Energy. He didn't expect that his opponent's attack would be unstoppable. He was actually forced to use the Lei family's strongest energy technique, Lightning Calamity. Pa pa pa pa …

Luo Wu clapped. "What a good Lightning Calamity. This is formed by condensing the Xiantian Energy to the extreme and splitting it into many small runes. They vibrate with each other and suddenly explode. It's extremely powerful. Even someone at the Glass Body Realm will die. This move can only be formed when one reaches the Ten Transformations of the Dao Realm.

It requires a lot of mental energy to control the Xiantian Energy and combine it into hundreds of different runes. Brother Tianhui is indeed a genius to be able to use it at the Eight Transformations. " Hearing this, Lei Tianhui's expression turned even uglier.

"Brother Lei, thanks for letting me win."

With a thought, Gu Chensha retracted his armor and Demon Descending Blade. "If I didn't sneak attack, Brother Lei would have been able to crush me."

He was shocked. Lei Tianhui's usage of Xiantian Energy was even more magical than Yi Ming's. If Yi Ming faced this person, he might not be his match.

One must know that Yi Ming had the Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body while Lei Tianhui had the Eight Transformations Samadhi True Fire.

When he heard Luo Wu's words, he felt that Lei Tianhui was extraordinary. Since he was the top junior in the Lei Family and also a genius … He had to resort to tricks to make him feel awkward. Of course, it was also because he was too arrogant.

If they really fought, Lin Fan's Lightning Calamity would be really strong. Even with the King Dragon Armor protecting his body, he wouldn't be able to take it. After all, his realm was too low. If he could cultivate to the Four Transformations of the Dao Realm, then he would be able to fight.