Chapter 436
===========

With Dou Nineteen's foundation, it was nearly impossible for Gu Chensha to kill Dou Nineteen before he cultivated the 20th Transformation of the Dao Realm, Impermanence Assemble and Disperse. In such a situation, he had to weaken Dou Nineteen step by step and increase his own strength. After a month of observation, he had figured out some of Dou Nineteen's trump cards.

First, he obtained Dou Nineteen's Demon Region results, the blood-colored gourd. Then, he obtained the Emperor's Heavenly Soldier Gourd, which greatly reduced Dou Nineteen's strength.

He hid for over a month and the timing of his attack was perfect. He didn't touch the Emperor's Heavenly Soldier Gourd first and instead obtained the blood-colored gourd. This wasn't a treasure but a sacrificial item, so it was much easier to obtain.

He used the power of the Life's Wish ball and with a slight movement, the blood-colored gourd was swept away by the ball. Then, he started to digest it.

Within the Life's Wish ball, the blood-colored gourd appeared. Zhuge Ya sensed it long ago and waved his hand to suppress it. Then, the Heavenly Demon Tree's branch stabbed into the gourd.

Instantly, numerous blood-colored talismans flew out. They were like locusts that covered the entire space.

But the Heavenly Demon Tree gave off a strong suction force and sucked the blood-colored talismans clean. The entire tree grew and glowed brightly.

Especially the two sealed Demon God hands and talismans, Zhuge Ya wrapped them up. He used the Taiyi Pearl to absorb them and purify them before giving them to the Heavenly Demon Tree to absorb.

Celestial Victorious Battle had given Dou Nineteen a talisman, which contained a bit of pure power. When that power was activated, it was incredibly useful. However, the two hands that were suppressing the Devil-God level were being held back.

Moreover, Zhuge Ya had experience dealing with the talismans of the three Heavenly Venerables. He used the Life's Wish ball and the Taiyi Pearl's power to refine the talisman.

But in an instant, the talisman shone brightly like it was going to refine the Life's Wish ball and the Heavenly Demon Tree.

"Princess, use the golden token to suppress the world!" At this moment, Zhuge Ya was prepared. He asked Lou Baiyue to take out the token that Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had given her.

Normally, this token didn't have any divine might, but as soon as it came into contact with the light of the talisman, it suddenly emitted a majestic aura and actually suppressed the light immediately. Then, it shook slightly! Ka-cha! The talisman refined by Celestial Paragon Victorious Doer completely shattered.

After the talisman shattered, its Yuan Qi was absorbed by the Heavenly Demon Tree. As for the two Demon God-level hands, they were absorbed without any suspense.

"Feedback power!"

Since the Heavenly Demon Tree had obtained such a large amount of energy, it naturally tore the void and fed it back to Gu Chensha. On the other side, Gu Chensha used this power to grab again. Ka-cha! He grabbed the gourd of the Great Emperor's Heavenly Weapon.

As expected, the gourd exploded and rebounded. A huge resistance force surged out from within. If it was Gu Chensha's own strength, he would definitely have been repelled and even absorbed. Unfortunately, Gu Chensha had first sacrificed the blood talismans, the Demon God-level hands, and Celestial Paragon Victorious Doer's talisman to obtain some of the power from the Life's Wish ball.

This power was extremely huge. In just an instant, it suppressed the Great Emperor's Divine Weapon gourd.

Then, with a slight sweep, the Great Emperor's Divine Weapon gourd was swept away into the Life's Wish ball.

"Good, good, good!"

The Great Emperor's Divine Weapon gourd appeared in Zhuge Ya's hand. He and Lou Baiyue laughed. "This Great Emperor's Divine Weapon was refined by the three Celestial Paragons. Each of them had the strength of 22 Dao Realm Transformation Heavenly Bodies. They are even stronger than the Saint Dragon Celestial Weapon. Dou Nineteen is indeed his son to have such a treasure. The magic power quality of these Great Emperor's Divine Weapons is even the Vajra Technique.

Now, they belong to our Calming Immortal Department. With these treasures, our manufacturing and defense will be greatly improved. This gourd is also a treasure called the Imperial Dao Gourd. When you use this gourd to control the Great Emperor's Divine Weapon, its power will multiply and it will be harder for you to betray it. As long as you have the gourd, you can know everything about the Great Emperor's Divine Weapon. Even if it falls into the hands of others, you can use the gourd to retrieve it. Even if you can't retrieve it, you can use the gourd to kill it so that it doesn't fall into the hands of your enemies. "

As he spoke, he hung the gourd on the Heavenly Demon Tree. With a flash of light, the Heavenly Demon Tree swallowed the imprint in the gourd. The gourd was now imbued with Gu Chensha's aura, becoming Gu Chensha's treasure.

"As for the 360 Great Emperor's Divine Weapons and the Imperial Dao Gourd, leave them to King. So it turns out that King has refined 3,600 Heaven Mending Generals. These Heaven Mending Generals are supreme existences tainted with the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign. It's just that they don't have jade stones to devour, causing their magic energy to be insufficient.

Now, King can also merge these Heaven Mending Generals into the gourd and fuse them with the Great Emperor's Divine Weapon. This way, you will definitely be able to break through and your strength will surpass the original Great Emperor's Divine Weapon. "Zhuge Ya tossed the gourd into the air, sending it to Gu Chensha. This series of changes happened extremely quickly.

Gu Chensha obtained the blood-colored gourd and sacrificed it. After that, he used the power of the sacrifice to suppress the Imperial Dao Gourd and the Great Emperor's Divine Weapon.

After accomplishing these two things, he wasn't greedy. He immediately retreated, escaping from the boundary of the altar.

After that, the Imperial Dao Gourd once again landed in his hands. This was the gourd that Zhuge Ya had refined, and the Great Emperor's Divine Weapon had truly become his treasure.

With a thought, he observed that the space within the Imperial Dao Gourd was extremely vast. It was a spherical space, and the diameter of the sphere was at least a hundred miles. The 360 Great Emperor's Divine Weapons transformed into clouds of magic energy, cultivating on their own. This gourd contained an aura similar to that of an emperor. No wonder it was called the Imperial Dao Gourd.

However, this wasn't the Son of Heaven's Qi, but the Emperor's Qi, which was a level higher than the Son of Heaven's Qi.

This Emperor's Qi was also very mysterious. It was unknown how it was refined, or if it was gathered by Dou Nineteen or the three Heavenly Venerables. This Emperor's Qi was also very useful for the nurturing of treasures.

"Heaven Mending Generals, come out!"

Gu Chensha called out. The 3,600 Heaven Mending Generals in his body also entered the Imperial Dao Gourd, fusing with the Great Emperor's Divine Weapon within. Immediately, many mysterious changes occurred between the two.

"Damn it, what's going on?"

A huge explosion came from the sacrificial altar. A jade pendant exploded, and the curse on Dou Nineteen was forcefully removed.

However, just as he was fighting against the curse, the Great Emperor's Divine Weapon and the blood-colored gourd both disappeared.

Initially, he could clearly see what Gu Chensha was doing. However, because he was fighting against the curse, he had neglected the fact that someone had planned to steal his things.

Moreover, Gu Chensha's theft was very ingenious. The sequence was not messed up at all, and it happened to be at his weakest point.

If someone else had done the same thing as Gu Chensha, they would definitely not have succeeded. This was because stealing the blood-colored gourd was useless. Instead, it was suppressed by the three Heavenly Venerables' talismans.

However, Gu Chensha had directly sacrificed it to the Great Emperor's Divine Weapon. Zhuge Ya, who was in the sphere, had used Regal Propria's golden token to defeat the three Heavenly Venerables' talismans before finally succeeding.

If it had been anyone else, even if it had been Jing Qiu or someone of a higher level, they would not have been able to obtain anything from Dou Nineteen.

As soon as Gu Chensha obtained the Great Emperor's Divine Weapon and the Imperial Gourd, he had hidden himself, making it impossible for Dou Nineteen to find them.

His Divine Will was also constantly communicating with the Common People's Wish sphere. He found that after his sacrifice, the sphere's power and the Heavenly Demon Tree's own power had increased a lot. The power inside the sphere was almost full, and it was no longer empty like before. The Heavenly Demon Tree, in particular, had changed even more. After absorbing the Ten Thousand Demon Human Portrait, the tree was more than ten people tall. Now, it was as tall as 20 people.

Of course, this was because it had absorbed the souls of countless monsters formed by the blood talismans. However, the greatest nourishment was the three Heavenly Venerables' talismans and the two Demon God-level hands.

Dou Nineteen had worked hard in the Demon Domain for a month, and he had even given up the Heavenly Venerables' talismans, which had fallen into the hands of the Calming Fairy Department. This time, he had gained a lot.

The Heavenly Demon Tree, which was as tall as twenty people, extended its branches and covered an area of several acres. At the top, a gourd condensed.

That gourd was the gourd of the God Punishing and Immortal Slaying Flying Knife. At this moment, the Heavenly Demon Tree was the essence extracted from the fusion elemental energy, which was fundamentally different from the Vampiric Demon Vine. If this gourd was condensed, it would be extremely powerful. Although it could not compare to the real one from the Primordial Chaos Tree, as the Heavenly Demon Tree matured over time, it would not be strange for the flying knife in the gourd to be able to harm a true god. The longer this gourd was nurtured, the more powerful it would be.

"Many great sages of the demon race refined the Heavenly Demon Tree in ancient times, but they all met with calamities. Until now, I have never heard of a Heavenly Demon Tree appearing in this world."

Gu Chensha thought to himself, "In the future, I can search for the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree, which can speed up its growth by a thousand times. However, the Heavenly Demon Tree is a wondrous object in this world. Once it is born, there will be endless calamities. I wonder if we can withstand them?"

He hid and fused his Divine General of Common Life with the Great Emperor's Divine Weapon while observing the changes of the Great Emperor's Divine Weapon and the Heavenly Demon Tree.

Every time the Heavenly Demon Tree grew a little, he would receive many memory fragments left behind by the ancient sages of the demon race. This allowed him to accumulate enough resources in his sea of consciousness.

"Heaven and earth change, sun and moon lawless, connate realm, ghostly dragon!"

Gu Chensha sent his Dan qi into the imperial gourd and fled far away, observing Dou Nineteen's thunderous expression. At this time, Dou Nineteen should not have realized that he was the culprit.

"Who is it? He must die! Do you think I can't divine it? Scoundrel! "

At this time, Dou Nineteen activated his magic power, and a huge mirror appeared in front of him. There were many scenes and many things that happened on it, and they were all changing rapidly.