Chapter 954
===========

Chapter 951: Essence Descends Again Chapter 951: Essence Descends Again

"Gu Chensha, you can't do anything to the power of the mortal world. The mortal world is the center, the immortals, devils, demons, and gods are the support, the underworld is the foundation, and the Heavenly Court is the control. This is the fundamental order of all things, and it is the most stable. No matter how strong you are, you can't do anything to it. You're delusional enough to think that you can suppress and refine this chain of power on your own. I think you're being a bit delusional. " The Emperor Of Heaven's voice was as emotionless as ever.

As he spoke, the Human World, the Immortal World, the Demon World, the Demon World, the God World, and the Nether World all worked together. The Heavenly Court, as the ruler, produced an extremely powerful shackle and power that pressed down on Gu Chensha. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha felt the Emperor Of Heaven descend in front of him. Behind the Emperor Of Heaven appeared a miniature version of the mortal world, immortal world, devil world, demon world, god world, underworld, and the Heavenly Court.

The Emperor Of Heaven's fist caused all things to not be destroyed, nor did they grow. Instead, they followed a certain order and rules, a cycle of life and death, an endless cycle that created a civilization of reincarnation.

The civilization that the Emperor Of Heaven wanted to create wasn't a civilization of prehistoric technology, nor was it a civilization of the immortal dao. It was a civilization of reincarnation, a civilization of absolute order.

With the power of this civilization, the Emperor Of Heaven punched out, trying to force Gu Chensha back.

Gu Chensha laughed uproariously as he also punched out, "Heaven Empyrean, you are still unwilling to use the true power of your true body. You want to rely on your subordinates and the power of order from the Heavenly Court and the Mortal World to contend against me? To me, your civilization is still full of loopholes. The order of the Heavenly Court and the Mortal World is already outdated. The era has changed and the future is no longer the future. I feel that it's better for you to change. Besides, I've long known who you are and you can't hide it. If you change your mind and cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, we can build a brand new civilization together. We can unite the people of the Mortal World and allow them to unleash their own spirit force. Only then will we be able to deal with the upcoming calamity. Otherwise, you will definitely be destroyed by the terrifying thing created by the fall of the Heavenly Dao and the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign."

"Gu Chensha," the Emperor Of Heaven said, "I'm very surprised that you've figured that out. But how do you know that I can't devour that thing? What you can't do, I can do. You're taking your civilization for granted. Your civilization is built on nothing but fantasy. My civilization is real. Your civilization is illusory. " RUMBLE! As their wills clashed, their fists slammed into each other. Crack! Crackle!

Cracks spread out in all directions, and Gu Chensha retracted his Dragonless Incantation. As for the Emperor Of Heaven, he staggered backward, and cracks spread out across the Heavenly Court, which was high up in the sky. Almost all of the experts present could tell that the Emperor Of Heaven was at a disadvantage.

"The Emperor Of Heaven has gathered the power of the Heavenly Court, the human world, the underworld, the immortal, devil, demon, and god worlds," Ji Ningsha said. "Look, Gu Chensha destroyed the Heavenly Court with a single punch." "The Emperor Of Heaven isn't using his own power," Liu Chansha said.

"But I think that even if the Emperor Of Heaven were to use his own power, he would only be able to fight against Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha wouldn't even need to use Everworld.

The current situation is like this. Gu Chensha's power alone is enough to stop the Celestial Emperor. In addition, the Heavenly Court, the Underworld, the Immortals, Demons, Immortals, Demons, Immortals, and the power of Immortal Gu Dao. " "It looks like the Emperor Of Heaven is going to be forced to use his true body," Ji Ningsha said.

Ji Ningsha said: "If he is forced to reveal his true body, then Everlasting World will be truly peaceful." "We'll see," Liu Chansha said, "I don't think it's that simple." Crack, crack!

Right at this moment, the sound of something shattering suddenly rang out from somewhere in the most mysterious place that no one could reach.

Everyone saw that in the endless nothingness, many huge light spots appeared. They seemed to be attracted by the human world and fell into it.

Immediately, the human world's origin swelled again, as if it had received the support of countless great fortunes.

"The mutated origin has descended again."

Ji Ningsha said, "The descent of the mutated origin this time is really fierce. Even though there isn't a huge origin like the ancient dao immortal, these origins aren't small either. They're several times larger than ours, maybe even dozens of times larger. All of them fell into the human world. No wonder the human world's fortunes soared." "Oh?"

At this moment, Gu Chensha also saw another mutated origin descend into the human world. Immediately, the power of the human world that the Emperor Of Heaven urged surged. He smiled and said, "Emperor Of Heaven, it looks like the human world really has a lot of fortunes. In that case, I'll let you go for now." Whoosh! His body exited the human world and landed in Everworld.

As for that Gu Daosha, he took advantage of the battle between the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha to hide. This person's concealment method was quite profound. After hiding in the human world, no one could discover his existence. Gu Chensha returned to his Everworld and the Emperor Of Heaven also stopped.

"Chensha, I just saw a lot of mutated origin falling into the human world. Does this indicate that the great calamity is getting closer and closer?"

Lou Baiyue observed the changes in the human world from the highest point of Everworld. When she saw Gu Chensha return, she looked a little worried. "Recently, I've been feeling uneasy. I feel that the great calamity is getting closer and closer. The Emperor Of Heaven is actually not a cause for concern. It's just that the battle between the Heavenly Dao and the Emperor is unpredictable. I can't control the situation. I don't know how things will develop in the future." "This is also our only calamity."

Gu Chensha said, "This time, I went to the human world and thoroughly investigated the Emperor Of Heaven. His strength is nothing to worry about. It's just a problem. How's the Everworld Exhibition recently? "

"Many experts in Everworld have gradually suppressed their ambitions. However, many experts chose to leave Everworld and go to the human world. They all want to obtain mutated origin energy and ascend to the heavens in one step. Another point is that the dragonless cultivation method is very hard to comprehend. Many people have lost confidence. Even the Empyrean experts are unable to comprehend it. They can't open their own spirit force and be self-sufficient.

As time passes, they naturally feel that this matter is fake. "Lou Baiyue said," Our biggest flaw is that the dragonless cultivation method is too hard to cultivate. "

"The dragonless cultivation method breaks through all restraints. It doesn't need any power and relies entirely on oneself. However, when humans are born, they aren't born out of thin air. They have parents and a true spirit. Under all kinds of coincidences, a spiritual intelligence is born. The process of going from nothingness to life, this itself is also borrowing some kind of power. "

Gu Chensha said, "If humans want to comprehend the dragonless cultivation method, they must first repay this karma before severing this fate and obtaining independence. All of this isn't as simple as borrowing money and returning money. It's all a decision of the heart. Indeed, not many people can do it. In fact, most people don't even know how to do it.

However, I've already begun to deduce and perfect the dragonless cultivation method. When the great calamity arrives, this dragonless cultivation method might break through the realm that all living beings hope for. "

"Everworld's current situation isn't too good, but it's not too bad either. All living beings in the world can still absorb and cultivate eternal qi. It's still considered stable." Lou Baiyue said, "However, it's still impossible to expand and develop on a large scale."

"As long as it's hard to cultivate the dragonless cultivation method, it's impossible for Everworld to expand."

Gu Chensha nodded and said, "What you're worried about right now is actually something else, and that is that the human world will instead become bigger and bigger?"

"That's right, the human world's order has been stabilized. The Emperor Of Heaven can create a large number of living beings and then harvest their power of worship. Other than that, he's also absorbing the mutated source to strengthen himself. That Gu Daoxian is a character similar to Long Xiang Tian. He's brave but not astute.

I don't think he can defeat the Emperor Of Heaven at all. Now that he's revealed himself, the Emperor Of Heaven will be able to grasp some clues. Sooner or later, he'll be devoured by the Emperor Of Heaven. Why don't we capture him? "

Lou Baiyue said, "If he's devoured by the Emperor Of Heaven, the Celestial Court can still pose a threat to us."

"This Gu Daoxian still has some fate energy. It won't be easy for the Emperor Of Heaven to capture and devour him. Moreover, what the Emperor Of Heaven needs is a living Gu Daoxian. Submitting to him will be even more valuable. Think about it, if Gu Daoxian submits. If he kowtows to the Emperor Of Heaven and thanks him, how much power of worship will he produce? "

Gu Chensha said, "There's one more thing, and that is that the Emperor Of Heaven wants to leave this Gu Daoxian's source for the Empress. The Empress's source has been devoured by you and completely refined. Even the Emperor Of Heaven can't do anything about it.

So he wants to create a new powerful Empress. This Empress won't come from the human world, but will appear in our Everworld.

Moreover, this Empress might even comprehend the dragonless cultivation method. Think about it, if the Empress comprehended the dragonless cultivation method and then submitted to the Emperor Of Heaven, in name, the Emperor Of Heaven would be controlling the dragonless cultivation method. As a subject, in terms of fate energy, he can suppress me. " "That's impossible."

Lou Baiyue said, "If someone can comprehend the dragonless cultivation method, they won't believe in the Emperor Of Heaven at all, and they won't be controlled by the Emperor Of Heaven. Once the dragonless cultivation method is cultivated, even if it's the lowest level, they have already severed all fate, separated themselves from all karma, and become completely independent. They are lifeless and indestructible, and can't be touched by tribulations.

In the eyes of someone who has cultivated the dragonless cultivation method, the Emperor Of Heaven is nothing more than an ordinary person. " "There are exceptions to everything. Even outside of the Everworld, there are other worlds."

Gu Chensha said, "The new Empress is also the only variable. But you don't have to worry, we monitor the Everworld. The new Empress will appear sooner or later. At that time, the true body of the Emperor Of Heaven will appear completely, and it will no longer be able to be hidden, nor will it be possible to continue pretending."