Chapter 403
===========

"Oh, make a deal? How?"

Gu Chensha was still able to speak calmly despite being enveloped by Wu Dangkong's River of Myriad Things. That was a testament to his profound cultivation base.

When Wu Dangkong heard this, he was flabbergasted. "Senior, you absolutely cannot make a deal with this person. Once I kill him and refine his magic, I'll activate the talisman and help you break the seal." "You disappoint me," said Xingqiong.

"I've taught you so many techniques. I've raised the quality of your magic from Vajra magic to True Dragon magic. You've condensed the River of Myriad Things, but you still can't refine someone three realms lower than you. Furthermore, this brat doesn't have any protective treasures. He's relying on his own cultivation base. I told you that breaking the seal isn't easy. It seems you won't be able to do it with your talent. But this brat might have a chance."

"Senior, I have the Heaven-Sacrifice Talisman. I can use countless techniques to capture countless monsters and living creatures as sacrifices. I can borrow the power of the Heavenly Dao to open the seal for you. What do you say?"

Wu Dangkong clung to hope. There was no way he could allow Xingqiong and Gu Chensha to reach an agreement. Otherwise, she'd be the one to suffer.

"Hahaha, Xingqiong, I came here to make a deal with you. But this woman has ulterior motives. Logically speaking, after receiving so much from you, and even raising the quality of her magic, she should dissolve the jade mountain for you. That way, you'll be able to free up more of your thoughts. But she doesn't. She wants to squeeze you dry bit by bit." Gu Chensha sent out psychic fluctuations to interfere with Wu Dangkong.

As expected, a flaw appeared in Wu Dangkong's mind, and the power of the River of Myriad Things weakened.

"Senior, don't believe him. The Lord of Seven Stars is plotting against you." Wu Dangkong did his best to stop him.

"Wu Dangkong, you want to take Xingqiong's head and sacrifice it, don't you?" asked Gu Chensha.

"Sacrifice me?"

Xing Qiong Shi laughed involuntarily. "I've already grasped a trace of the true essence of eternity. Who can sacrifice me? Do you think the ancient Son of Heaven didn't want to sacrifice me? If I could be sacrificed, I wouldn't have been sealed. "

"That makes sense," Gu Chensha said. "Alright, enough with the nonsense, Xingqiong Clan. What kind of deal do you want?"

"It's very simple. I can see that your self-created Dao has been divined many times, and it has already reached a certain level. However, compared to true experts, it's just a joke. I can help you divinate future changes and make your Dao even more perfect." Xing Qiongshi grasped what Gu Chensha wanted the most.

Gu Chensha's self-created Common People Heaven Mending Technique had indeed gone through many calculations. In addition to the will that the Black Heaven Earth Sect's sect leader had left in the Green Dragon Divine Wood, allowing the Heavenly Dao to calculate it, it had already matured and had some foundations. However, compared to those truly peerless techniques, it was still far from it.

This martial art was a combination of the Son of Heaven God Bestowal Art, the Great Massacre God Art, and other consummate arts. However, Gu Chensha was worlds apart when compared to those consummate arts.

This technique was simply the most suitable for him. In battle, it conformed to his ideals and ideals, and it was the closest thing to a person's body.

It was like a piece of clothing. It wasn't extravagant, nor was it precious. It was ordinary, but it fit him well and was comfortable. That was all.

If he could obtain Xing Qiongshi's divination, he would definitely be able to advance his Dao even further. It would give Gu Chensha many new directions. This was the peerless treasure he had acquired, the consummate Dao of Heaven and Earth. No other treasure could compare to the perfection of this art.

However, Gu Chensha still wanted to bargain with Xing Qiongshi. "You divined this for me because you want me to use the Transforming Jade Talisman to dissolve your jade mountain, right?

If my guess is correct, to melt this jade mountain, even with the power of the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Technique, it would still be very difficult. She would most likely encounter a counterattack. You taught Wu Dang Kong the secret technique, but it was not because you wanted to help her out of kindness. Perhaps you were afraid that she would not be able to melt this jade mountain because she was not strong enough. Or perhaps, when she was melting this jade mountain, she would trigger some kind of special restriction that would lead to her death. " When Wu Dangkong heard Gu Chensha's words, his heart skipped a beat. The three sides started to plot against each other, pitting their wits against each other.

"That's right. Based on your strength, even if you dissolve the jade mountain, you would suffer a backlash and die for sure. If my seal was so easy to dissolve, someone would have done it a long time ago. It wouldn't have been your turn, and you wouldn't have waited until now." Xing Qiongshi didn't hide anything.

"Alright."

Gu Chensha agreed immediately. "I can help you melt the jade mountain. However, other than deducing spells for me, you also have to give me your bloodline. You also have to give me all your cultivation and battle experience, as well as your experience of becoming a Divergent. How about it?" "Kid, you're too greedy."

Xing Qiongshi didn't get angry. "Even a trace of my bloodline isn't something you can handle. Even gods can't handle it. Saints will lose their holiness if they touch my bloodline.

As for my cultivation and combat experience, even if I give it to you now, you won't be able to handle it. Your sea of consciousness will explode. Even if your sea of consciousness becomes a grotto-heaven, you won't be able to handle it. It's the same for Divergents.

I can see that you're pondering the Dao of Divergents, and you've figured out a few things. You really do need guidance. But you have to find the Dao of Divergents yourself. " "You don't have to worry about whether I accept it or not."

Gu Chensha knew that if Zhuge Ya wanted these things, he definitely had a way. He wanted to borrow Xing Qiongshi's power to move the stars and obtain the World-Burying Coffin.

The World-Burying Coffin was located in the depths of chaotic space-time. Zhuge Ya could sense it, but he couldn't actually take it. Given the Calming Immortal Department's current cultivation base, they would need to cultivate for hundreds of years before they could obtain it. But if he could obtain Xing Qiongshi's power, then it wouldn't matter.

Although he didn't know how Zhuge Ya planned to transfer this power to him, Gu Chensha knew that the Lord of Seven Stars wasn't the type to joke around, and he wouldn't fight a battle he wasn't confident in winning.

Ever since the Celestial Tranquility Department had obtained Zhuge Ya, everything had been smooth sailing, and everything had developed smoothly. This could not be denied the credit of Zhuge Ya's scheming.

Without Zhuge Ya, the Heavenly Demon Tome wouldn't have been able to form the Common People's Wish sphere, and he wouldn't have been able to foil Jing Qiu's schemes. Gu Chensha also wouldn't have been able to obtain some of the power of the Dharmaraja Ceremony and the Hundred Realms Ceremony.

Just Jing Qiu alone was enough to throw the world into chaos. The Calming Immortal Department couldn't do anything to him.

Even Jing Qiu was currently hiding in the desert, establishing his own empire and civilization, accumulating karmic luck. He was still a terrifying figure. Fa Wuxian wouldn't be able to gain the slightest advantage over Jing Qiu. And then there were the resurrected Martial Emperors.

There were also the Adjudicators stationed in King Baoyu's Yu Huang's mansion, who had formed the Everlasting Extermination Alliance. These ambitious and ruthless people were capable of throwing the world into chaos. If they weren't careful, the Calming Immortal Department needed to be strong enough. For this, Gu Chensha didn't mind taking a gamble. He really wanted to make a deal with Xing Qiongshi.

"Right now, this strand of consciousness of mine doesn't have any power, and it doesn't contain any bloodline. The memories it contains are just some small cultivation techniques. It doesn't contain the vast experience of Outliers, and it won't be able to help you deduce spells. You must first dissolve the jade mountain and free my consciousness. Only then can I give you what you want."

Xing Qiongshi pondered for a moment. "I can feel your sincerity. Also, I want to see how you can accept my bloodline and vast memories." "Dissolve the jade mountain first?"

Gu Chensha knew that Xing Qiongshi was right. This fiend had been suppressed, and it was very difficult for him to use his consciousness. Gu Chensha had only released a very small portion of his consciousness, but the information it contained was already very much. "Actually, the various methods contained in this portion of your consciousness were also released by me last time. You won't deny this karma, right?

Then let's go back to the old horse. I've released this portion of your consciousness, and you should transmit the information in your consciousness to me. How about that? " "Brat, you're quite crafty." Xing Qiongshi laughed.

"When dealing with an existence like you, I have to be calculative. If I'm not careful, I might fall into a state of eternal damnation. You've already touched upon the Dao of Immortality, but we haven't. Negotiating with you would put us in a disadvantageous position." Gu Chensha was confident that Xing Qiongshi would agree to his deal.

The main reason wasn't that Xing Qiongshi wanted to break free. Rather, it was because he had something he was very curious about. The bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

This was something even stronger than when he was at his peak. It was also something he couldn't pursue. This bloodline was definitely attractive to Xing Qiongshi.

As for Wu Dangkong, he didn't have anything worthy of Xing Qiongshi's attention. Xing Qiongshi had seen the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman many times, and he had also killed a few Ancient Heavenly Emperors who possessed it.

"The two of you, stop!" Xing Qiongshi suddenly sent out a mental fluctuation, piercing into the depths of Wu Dangkong's River of Myriad Things.

Wu Dangkong was startled, afraid that Xing Qiongshi would use some other methods. He retracted his River of Myriad Things and reverted back to his original form. He stared at Gu Chensha with an expression of extreme reluctance.

"Wu Dangkong, this Xing Qiongshi doesn't have much power. There's no need for you to fear him. You can continue fighting with me." Gu Chensha could see many clues. "I want to see if your cultivation base can really refine me."

"Senior, don't believe his flowery words. I'll refine this jade mountain for senior right now." Wu Dangkong suddenly activated his talisman and slammed it into the jade mountain beneath his feet.

Seeing this female's actions, Gu Chensha shook his head in his heart. He almost cursed out loud, "This Wu Dangkong is simply a madman. To negotiate with an existence like Xing Qiongshi, one has to use both soft and hard tactics. Once he's rash, he'll ruin everything.

This Wu Dangkong actually dared to melt the jade mountain just because I didn't make a deal with the Xing Qiong Clan. " He naturally wouldn't allow Wu Dangkong to do that.

With a flash, he appeared before Xing Qiongshi and executed the Banishing Immortal Palm, forcefully blocking the talisman.