Chapter 448
===========

With Gu Chensha's Heaven Path Technique's quality and cultivation, he could definitely kill experts with the Undying Body. In the past, if Dou Nineteen didn't use any treasures, Gu Chensha wouldn't be able to do anything to him and would probably still lose. But now that Gu Chensha had cultivated his powers, Dou Nineteen was far from his match.

Gu Chensha's current cultivation could probably challenge experts at the 26th Transformation of Dao Realm, 10,000 Techniques Return to One.

Originally, when one reached the 20th Transformation, it was impossible to cross six levels without relying on treasures and talismans. But the Heaven Path Technique was the Heaven Path Technique, the king of all techniques. It was so profound that even the three Heaven Venerables couldn't predict it.

Gu Chensha had just cultivated it and wasn't familiar with its strengths. Once he was, his combat strength would increase by another level. Honglong!

A strong power charged into Dou Nineteen's body and forced all his memories out. They turned into a picture that charged into the Heaven Demon Tree. All sorts of knowledge entered Gu Chensha's body. Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise all obtained these memories.

Dragon Raising Heart Technique, Dragon Creation Heart Technique, many top techniques and secrets of the three Heaven Venerables, cultivation experiences, and the secrets of the universe.

How the three Heaven Venerables saw the secrets of the universe, even the Hongmeng Tree, the strength of the world, fate, time, space, world, stars, living beings, etc. This information was huge and vast, but Gu Chensha instantly accepted it all. The Heaven Path Technique's quality seemed to be able to accept all information. His current mental power was able to split five million things at once! This mental power was on the same level as Zhuge Ya's.

"Very good, very good, I have finally obtained the Dragon Creation Heart Technique."

Gu Chensha smiled, "This technique is truly profound. Even the stupidest person would be able to slowly become an unrivalled genius as long as they diligently cultivate this technique. If it were to be spread throughout the world, who knows how strong the national strength of my Great Yong Dynasty would be?"

"This technique is really heaven-defying. Although it can raise talent, it isn't accepted by the heavens. Instead, people who cultivate this technique will face a calamity.

As for those who spread this martial art throughout the world, they will be consigned to eternal damnation. Just look at the Martial Emperor. "Zhuge Ya said," Every peck and every drink has its own destiny. We cannot let our guard down. "

"Of course, this technique is heaven-defying and breaks the balance. Even the Dragon Raising Heart Technique can't be taken lightly. Geniuses are natural talents, and not something that can be changed by humans. "

Gu Chensha had cultivated the Heaven Path Technique, and naturally understood the principles of creation, birth and death, the cycle of tribulations, the balance of Yin and Yang, and the ebb and flow of time. "However, I am still prepared to announce this technique to the world, so that everyone can raise and create dragons. Everyone will be a sage, everyone will be a true dragon. Perhaps the world will not be the same as before, and will enter a whole new realm.

Let me bear all the tribulations, all the karma, all the sins, and all the punishments that have been triggered. " "Your Highness's grand ambition is a blessing to the world, a blessing to mankind. We exist in this world to fight it out. Otherwise, even if we live forever, what's the point? "

Zhuge Ya clapped his hands, "However, this Dragon Raising Heart Technique and Dragon Creation Heart Technique can't be announced in full. It's best to do it part by part. First, we can announce a part of the Dragon Raising Heart Technique, so that everyone who cultivates it will become mid-tier or high-tier talents. How about that?" "These are the words of an experienced strategist."

How could Gu Chensha not understand this principle? If he were to announce the Dragon Raising Heart Technique and Dragon Creation Heart Technique to the world, many ambitious people would be able to obtain them, and the world would be in turmoil. These were the weapons of the country, and could not be easily taught. "My idea is to first announce to the world that our Calming Immortal Department possesses the Dragon Raising Heart Technique and Dragon Creation Heart Technique, then establish the Common People's Wish Academy, and recruit disciples. If they are loyal to the country and the people, in line with our ideals, and pass the test, then we can impart some of the Dragon Raising Heart Technique to them. After that, we can carry out various missions, and after completing them, we can impart more. I will definitely not let the Dragon Raising Heart Technique and Dragon Creation Heart Technique fall into the hands of crafty people, and turn against our Calming Immortal Department." "Wonderful."

Lou Baiyue's eyes lit up. "Establishing an academy will be a temptation. Not only will we be able to recruit talents, we can also expand our influence and nurture our own direct descendants."

"Other than that, every disciple who comes to learn must first make a great wish to the Common People's Wish Sphere, saying that they are willing to work for the country and the people, and for the benefit of mankind and the common people. They must uphold the Calming Immortal Department and establish order."

Gu Chensha smiled. "More and more disciples come to learn, and everyone swears that the Power of Wish can form a thought. I believe it will be greatly beneficial to the Common People's Wish Sphere as well." "Of course."

Zhuge Ya deeply agreed with Gu Chensha's train of thought. "After obtaining the Dragon Raising Heart Technique and Dragon Creation Heart Technique, after we comprehend them ourselves, they will at most be used as resources. But to the people of the world, it is simply a path to advancement. It is even more attractive than the imperial examinations. If we can make good use of it, this Common People's Wish Sphere will truly become the wish of the common people." "It will bring about a thought."

Lou Baiyue said, "This is the Dao of the Sage. The Common People's Wish Sphere isn't just in name. If it gathers the wishes of the common people, I'm afraid there will be an unimaginable change."

"This sphere is the foundation of our Calming Immortal Department. Only by continuously strengthening the power of this sphere will we be able to protect our lives and careers."

Gu Chensha looked at the sphere as it gradually regained its vitality. The Heavenly Demon Tree swayed gently, and the Taiyi Pearl refined chaos elemental energy, forming a perfect cycle.

Of course, within the sphere, the most dazzling thing was a golden token. On it were the words "As His Majesty Comes Personally". This was the supreme authority bestowed upon Lou Baiyue by the Heavenly Talisman Heavenly Emperor. Lou Baiyue could command the world, control the feudal vassals, and control the life and death of the feudal officials.

This talisman contained an extremely tyrannical and mysterious power. It was definitely not simply the authority of the imperial court.

In fact, the reason why many of the old antiques from the aristocratic clans didn't act against the Calming Immortal Department was also because of this talisman. In the past, the Calming Immortal Department had never been able to comprehend the mysteries of this talisman. But now, Lou Baiyue and Zhuge Ya seemed to have already comprehended some of its secrets.

'This Dou Nineteen is a hedonistic young master, the son of one of the three Heavenly Venerables, Victorious Dou. He has countless trump cards and treasures on him. In a battle of wits and courage, I used all sorts of methods to weaken his strength. Only then did I obtain victory.'

Gu Chensha thought in his heart, 'Imperial Father is an existence even stronger than the three Heavenly Venerables. The things he left behind for us — this golden token, the Death Exemption Talisman, the words' Man Conquers Heaven ', and my own bloodline — all of them are much stronger than Victorious Dou.'

"Your Highness, the way I see it, establishing an educational institute is the most important task of our Calming Immortal Department. I'm sure you already have a series of plans in mind," Zhuge Ya said.

"We've already taken over the entire mountain range where the Apemen live, and are currently in the process of developing it.

The way I see it, we should pick a piece of land to establish an educational institute, and increase the popularity of the area. I'm sure that the Apemen will definitely take it back in the future, and use it to temper the disciples we've recruited. In addition, if we wait too long to develop the land, and someone else tries to take it, we won't be able to drive them away. "

Gu Chensha had long since made up his mind. "I've only just begun cultivating the Heaven-Dao magic, and I still need some time to temper it. Furthermore, I've acquired some of Jing Qiu's cultivation theories, which make a lot of sense. I'll give it a try."

"Your Highness, you want to use the opportunity of establishing an educational institute to temper your qi flow and your Dao of order. That's the correct way to cultivate. After all, there's nothing better than managing the people of the world.

The Heaven-Dao magic is to regulate yin and yang, and establish a brand new order for all living things. "Zhuge Ya said," Your Highness, you should familiarize yourself with the Heaven-Dao magic.

"Coincidentally, my Common People's Marshal's puppet has finally formed successfully due to its own transformation."

Gu Chensha opened his mouth and spat. An invisible dot rapidly expanded, transforming into a small gourd. Three hundred and sixty balls of lightning rushed out of the gourd. Countless runes, galaxies, emperors, generals, ministers, peddlers, and common people rushed out of the gourd. Then, the 360 rivers transformed into 360 Common People's Marshals.

They held three pointed, double-edged blades, each with three sides. One side represented benevolence and righteousness, one side represented punishment, and one side represented absolute justice. This was the meaning of the Common People's Marshal.

"The River of Myriad Things! Your puppets have actually all cultivated the River of Myriad Things? And they're of the True Dragon Technique's quality. "

Zhuge Ya's face was filled with joy. "Looks like our Tranquil Immortal Department no longer lacks power in the middle. With these 360 Common People's Marshals, all sorts of management, farming, cultivation, and education won't be a problem."

"The moment I cultivated the Heavenly Dao, because I encountered the blade energy of the God Slaying Immortal Slaying Flying Knife, all of my original primordial spirit and karma were destroyed. All the good and evil, sin and punishment, reward and kindness in the past were all destroyed.

It was the same as me dying once. This Emperor Gourd and Common People's Marshal also died once with me. However, this is a good thing for me. "

Gu Chensha touched the Emperor Gourd. "All treasures have to face tribulations before they can grow. If they didn't face such tribulations, the Common People's Marshal's puppet wouldn't have been able to reach the True Dragon Technique's quality and cultivate the River of Myriad Things." Dao Realm 22 Transformation Heaven and Earth, the final change was the River of Myriad Things.

Thinking back to that day, Wu Dangkong cultivated for a long time and wasn't able to reach such a realm. Only after Xing Qiongshi's guidance was she able to reach such a realm.

With Wu Dangkong's talent and her fortuitous encounters, she was able to cultivate the changes of the River of Myriad Things. From this, one could see how difficult it was. The River of Myriad Things was the end of the 22 Transformation Heaven and Earth.

Now, the 360 Common People's Marshals all cultivated the River of Myriad Things. Not only that, but their bodies also carried the aura of the Celestial Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife. The lethality of this aura to any expert was self-evident.