Chapter 115
===========

Originally, Gu Chensha still needed some time to cultivate the second transformation, the Nine Bulls and Two Tigers. However, Yi Ming sucked away half of his blood and used the Samadhi True Fire to refine it, extract it, and then feed it back. In that instant, Gu Chensha's life essence was strengthened to a certain realm and he broke through.

The moment the transformation was completed, Gu Chensha felt that his strength wasn't so hard to grasp anymore and he felt really comfortable. Now, not only was the Sun Moon Kill much stronger, but he could also use it many times.

Of course, the biggest gain was that Yi Ming had reached Dao Realm Nine Transformation, Glass Jade Body.

The moment this transformation was completed, Yi Ming's strength increased by a huge amount. For people below Dao Realm Nine Transformation, even if Xiantian Energy struck their bodies, they wouldn't be able to harm them.

This transformation was the pinnacle of body transformations. After entering this transformation, one didn't need to worry about any problems with the body. In the future, one could just focus on cultivating the mind and finally break away from the body.

People with the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body were strong treasures themselves. They could suppress the formation eye and also affect the people around.

With this person as the center, an energy field would form within a few hundred steps. One would feel really comfortable in the energy field and all illnesses would be cured. One's lifespan would increase.

Even after one died, their bones would be placed in the room and the entire room would have the effect of reducing illnesses and increasing lifespan.

"Master, thanks to your plan, I was able to obtain the Lei Family's formation. If not, how would I have been able to cultivate the Glass Jade Body so quickly?"

The armor on Yi Ming's body moved and wrapped around his body, "But I think that the Lei Family won't let this go. They built a country and have the Lightning God Bloodline. They suffered a loss this time and their plan went wrong. In the near future, they will definitely plot against us." "It is okay, we will deal with them when they come."

Gu Chensha thought about it, "Your strength has increased by several times, so you might not be afraid of them. Of course, we have to raise our strength too. The ones with the most potential are Liu Yu and the others."

"I'll train them. They've also consumed the Seven Sage Heart Tempering Pill and Heavenly Dew to raise their cultivation. This is a treatment that even princes don't get. In fact, even some young sect masters of immortal dao sects don't get to do this. Who knows how many years they've spent following master?"

Yi Ming sized up the Xuanwu Egg once more, "Master broke through because I fed his blood and used the Samadhi True Flame to purify it. But this is just a small matter. Once Master hatches the Xuanwu Egg, the power will be huge. Xuanwu is an ancient god beast and when it is born, it has the power to cause chaos in the ocean. It can fly in the sky and burrow into the ground. It is really terrifying." "I feel like it's a bottomless pit. No matter how much blood it absorbs, it's still not full."

Gu Chensha shook his head. "If I had used its blood on the Great Dragon Armor, I'm afraid it would have already become the King Dragon Armor."

"Master, you don't have to be anxious. Actually, hatching the egg is also a form of cultivation. Not only did you not suffer any losses, but you even improved."

Yi Ming said, "Crafting the Great Dragon Armor is just a waste of energy. Although the Great Dragon Armor can block Yu Ba's Xiantian Earth Energy, his cultivation is really low. His earth energy isn't that strong. If it was a true expert, even if they were at Dao Realm Transformation Six, they would be able to break the Great Dragon Armor in one strike. For example, the Hell King Spike from the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture." He waved his hand. Pu pu pu!

Many needles flew out from his hand and stabbed into the ground. Instantly, many holes appeared on the ground. These needles weren't made of metal but condensed Xiantian Earth Energy. His Great Dragon Armor couldn't block it at all. One needle was enough to kill him.

"A top expert at Dao Realm Transformation Six. After condensing Xiantian Earth Energy, his strike is unstoppable. When I cultivated to Dao Realm Transformation Seven, I met a young man at Transformation Six. I thought that I could capture him to sacrifice to God Maha, but when we clashed, he broke my Xiantian Earth Energy in an instant and nearly beheaded me. I tried my best to flee and in the end, the Archbishop of the God Temple came to save me. That was why I wasn't killed by him."

Yi Ming recalled, "That was a true genius. Later on, I found out that his name was Fang Fa Wuxian. He was the strongest genius of the school of Legalism since ancient times. Compared to him, Gu Fa Sha was just an idiot." "He was so strong?"

Gu Chensha knew that Gu Fasha's cultivation was strong and he had already cultivated the Glass Jade Body. He could be said to be extremely intelligent, but in Yi Ming's evaluation, compared to Fa Wuxian, he was an idiot. How strong was Fa Wuxian exactly?

Suddenly, he recalled what Grand Tutor Wen Hong said. Out of Heaven Talisman Emperor's sons, only Gu Huasha had some skills. The others were really ordinary and were just a pile of resources.

"Some geniuses have cultivation speeds that we can't imagine. They don't need any help and naturally become top experts.

For example, Heaven Talisman Emperor didn't use any treasures and just relied on his own strength to fight. "

Yi Ming sighed, "Actually, Master and I are both of ordinary talent. Master must have obtained a supreme treasure to turn the situation around. Now, my talent is slowly increasing. "

"My talent is indeed ordinary." Gu Chensha knew about himself. Apart from being hardworking, his talent in cultivation was really average.

If he was really talented, even if he didn't have any resources, he would be able to step into Dao Realm.

The key was that he obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Decree and was only at the second transformation of Dao Realm. Although he was doing it slowly, in truth, his talent was still not enough. But he believed that since his talent wasn't good, then he would work hard to make up for it. With such a belief, he wouldn't slack off.

"In terms of talent, Liu Yu and the others are really outstanding. Their cultivation is slowly showing." Yi Ming said, "Master can look at them in the future. They will definitely improve quickly." "They have the bloodline of a god in their bodies and it is about to be fully activated."

Gu Chensha knew that the ancient Five Seasons God was really strong. Liu Yu and the others hadn't fully activated it, but it was close.

"Let's go and take a look at the five of them." Gu Chensha waved his sleeves, "Right, you need to spend more effort on Godson's cultivation." "Yes."

Yi Ming nodded his head, "Godson's talent is not bad but his foundations are weak. Luckily, he consumed the Seven Saint Heart Training Pill and Heaven Dew to make up for it. I also used Xiantian Energy to clear his body and taught him the Energy Nourishing Concentration Technique. He improved a lot."

"Now that you have cultivated the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body, you still need to hide your aura. Maybe people will come to find you and think that you are being controlled by the talisman."

Gu Chensha said, "I passed the transformation technique to you, so who knows whether or not you comprehended anything new?"

"Master's transformation technique far exceeds that of the Maha Prison Suppression Scripture." Yi Ming said, "I started to study it and you were able to hide it from experts stronger than me."

While speaking, his aura changed and his skin started to wither. He didn't look like the Glass Jade Body anymore and he looked exactly like a Dao Realm Seven Transformation Expert.

"Amazing."

Gu Chensha's Dao of Nature was the Dao of Sun and Moon Transformation's vital energy transformation technique. Even if Yi Ming only cultivated a small part of it, it was enough for him to hide his strength and confuse the enemy.

He walked downstairs to the training hall. As expected, Liu Yu and the other four were leading the soldiers to train.

The lecturer was actually Shi Tietie. There was also a young man who was about 20 years old, four or five years older than Gu Chensha. He was handsome and tall, but his aura was as majestic as a mountain. When Gu Chensha first saw him, the image of a thousand mountains rising at the end of the sky appeared in his mind.

"What a strong Martial Path aura, it is even stronger than the Cold Jade Dew." Gu Chensha thought to himself.

"Greetings King."

When Shi Tie and the others saw Gu Chensha walking over, they hurriedly bowed. This young man introduced himself as he bowed. "Your Highness, I am Shi Zhongchan. My father is Marquis Dashi. I have been ordered to serve under Your Highness." "So, it is Brother."

Gu Chensha walked up and held Shi Zhongchan's hand, "We are of the same generation, so there is no need to be so polite. I wrote a letter to Dashi Marquis to ask him to help. I didn't expect Brother to personally come.

My foundation is shallow and my soldiers are not strong enough. I need Brother who is proficient in the art of war to teach them. "

"I will definitely do my best." Shi Zhongchan smiled, "The soldiers under King are all tigers and wolves and are not to be underestimated. Especially Liu Yu and the other four, their future achievements are limitless. "

"These are just some trinkets, please accept them." Gu Chensha took out a bottle and stuffed it into Shi Zhongchan's hand, "Brother, please don't reject it."

Shi Zhongchan took the bottle and said with a stern expression, "It is the Purple Blood Life Returning Elixir. King is indeed extraordinary.

This elixir can regrow flesh and bones and regenerate vitality. No matter how serious the injuries are, it is equivalent to having another life. " "It is just a small matter."

Gu Chensha said, "Previously, Dashi Marquis gave me 300 sets of Horned Dragon Armor and I have yet to repay him. Later on, I will return a gift to Marquis. I hope Brother can just bring it back."

"King is too courteous. Father is currently at the Sky Bearing Pass and has been summoned by His Majesty."

Shi Zhongchan smiled, "His Majesty has ordered the Celestial Designer Institute to build a temporary imperial residence near the Sky Bearing Pass. Now that he has arrived, I think he will summon the princes later." "Father is already at the border?"

Gu Chensha's eyes moved and thought, "No wonder that Grand Preceptor Wen Hong did not dare to look for me but asked me to go see him." "There is another important matter at hand."

Shi Zhong Chan lowered his voice, "The Emperor has the intention of moving the capital, and wants to move the capital to the borders. The Son of Heaven will guard the country, and fight to the death with the barbarians. This time, I came to see my father because of this important matter. My father asked me to reveal this to your Highness, so that your Highness can consider it carefully." "Moving the capital is a big matter, to actually move it to the border."

Gu Chensha was shocked, "This is no small matter. If the center of the capital is moved, there will be unrest."

"This is His Majesty's intention, so Your Majesty must not oppose it." Shi Zhongchan said, "I think the imperial edict for His Majesty to summon the princes is already on its way."