Chapter 486
===========

"It seems like the Martial Emperor is still unable to deal with the nine god-rank experts of the Wu Clan and the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven."

Gu Chensha knew that the Martial Emperor's current cultivation had reached the Dao Realm's Thirtieth Transformation and had the ability to 'open up a world'. He could be considered a god-class expert, but he was still far inferior to the Wu Clan's foundation. It was temporarily impossible for him to return to be the Clan Head and wield great authority.

The old ancestors of the Wu Clan wouldn't listen to his orders just because he was the Martial Emperor.

They might even suppress the Martial Emperor and refine him into their grotto-heaven, turning him into a treasure. The internal strife within the clan was equally cruel.

Among the common people, there was often a family that would kill each other in order to fight for a precious land with Fengshui.

Humans were good at killing each other. Of course, the Demon Race wasn't any better. They killed each other even more. Thinking about this, Gu Chensha seemed to understand some secret of the Spirit Demon.

"Disciple understands Martial Emperor's thoughts. I have been reading the Wu Clan's records since I was young and there are records of Martial Emperor's achievements. I know that Martial Emperor comprehended a variable and cultivated the Thirty-Six Transformations. He was at the peak of Embodiment Transformation and was about to break through and become one of the three Celestial Venerables. Unfortunately, he met with a calamity just like Yongchō.

It is really a pity. If our Wu Clan wants to prosper, only Martial Emperor can lead us. King Wu Yu and those old ancestors are still lacking. "

Gu Chensha knew what to say. He flattered the Martial Emperor, "I hope Martial Emperor can guide me in my cultivation."

"That's easy. You are my Wu Clan's disciple after all. Of course, I have to nurture you." The Martial Emperor felt comfortable. "But can you tell me the Wu Clan's secret?"

"Of course, I'll tell you everything I know." Gu Chensha immediately told the Martial Emperor everything he knew about the Martial Saint's Abode.

The Martial Emperor's expression didn't change. "King Wu Yu's cultivation is extremely strong. He was at the end of his rope and was nothing to worry about. However, he obtained the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's decree and increased his lifespan by 1,000 years. This is hard to deal with."

"As long as Martial Emperor recovers his strength, suppressing them will be a piece of cake." Gu Chensha tried to persuade the Martial Emperor.

"Recovering strength is easier said than done." The Martial Emperor waved his hand.

"Disciple has an idea." Gu Chensha said hurriedly.

"Speak."

"This time, I'm here to look for Gu Tanjian. This person is the spokesperson of The Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor. He possesses an endless supply of treasures and pills. If I were to cooperate with him, I might be able to seize some opportunities."

Gu Chensha said, "If the Martial Emperor agrees, can I be your representative to negotiate with Gu Tanjian?" "Oh? This is very good. "

Martial Emperor's expression changed. "Whether it's the Great Spirit God or the Wizard Ancestor, they're both domineering existences. I don't want anything else. If I can borrow the Wizard Ancestor's Bone Plate, I'll be able to regain my strength."

"I will definitely help Lord Martial Emperor recover his strength," Gu Chensha expressed his loyalty.

"I know of your loyalty. Tell me, what do you need?

Let This Emperor take a look at your cultivation. Do you need magic treasures, or do you need This Emperor to guide you in your cultivation? Or do you want me to teach you my power? "Emperor Wu put his hands behind his back.

"I don't need magic treasures, nor do I need you to teach me your power."

Gu Chensha had already thought about it. "I only hope to obtain Lord Martial Emperor's experience in understanding the Divergent. This is what I need to learn."

"Hahahaha …" Emperor Wu laughed. "Wu Dang Xing, you're very ambitious. You want to understand the Divergent Realm?

However, This Emperor is telling you. Even if I pass on my experience in understanding the Divergent Realm to you, you can't just copy it. It's not that easy to understand the Divergent Realm.

I once unified the world and encountered a calamity. After that, I was reborn, but I still couldn't understand it. It's just that not long ago, I coincidentally observed an unprecedented Divergent. That's how I managed to understand it. "

As he spoke, Emperor Wu's smile disappeared and his gaze became sharp. "That kid is a miracle. He managed to cultivate an unprecedented Heavenly Dao Law. If I hadn't observed it, I might not have been able to understand the Divergent Realm." When Gu Chensha heard this, he knew that Emperor Wu was talking about him. Emperor Wu had witnessed his transformation and cultivation of the Heavenly Dao Law.

He didn't expect that this kind of feeling would allow Emperor Wu to understand the true Dao of Divergent.

However, when he thought about it, it was normal. Emperor Wu had already accumulated a lot of power. He was only one step away from the Dao of Divergent. After observing the unprecedented Heavenly Dao Law, it was possible for him to understand the Divergent Realm.

No matter how Emperor Wu understood it, Gu Chensha only knew one thing. Emperor Wu was now a Divergent. He was a true Divergent apart from Chang Weiyang.

"I hope Lord Martial Emperor can help me." Gu Chensha put on an ambitious look.

"Very well. You're the first to join me.

I'll give you the experience of the Dao of Divergent. If you can achieve something, I'll have to look at you in a different light. "

Suddenly, a sphere appeared in Emperor Wu's hand. The sphere was strange and dazzling. It kept changing and turned into a book. There seemed to be countless weapons and horses in the book.

"Lord Martial Emperor, this is …" Gu Chensha was shocked.

"This book is called Martial Emperor Record. It contains my life's experience. It contains the things that I learned since I was young. It also contains my way of ruling a country. It also contains my supreme experience when I entered the Dragon Gate of the Prehistoric Universe. There are also many miraculous encounters. It also contains the feeling of despair and rebirth after encountering the Dao of Divergent. It also contains the changes when I was comprehending the Dao of Divergent. Even if you learn some small secrets from it, you can directly comprehend many realms." Emperor Wu threw the book into Gu Chensha's hand.

Gu Chensha picked up the book and immediately flipped it. The book turned into light and entered his body.

"Lord Martial Emperor, you …" Gu Chensha was shocked.

"Don't panic. This is just one of my tricks. This is the Way of the Emperor. Although you joined me as soon as you came, I can't completely trust you. Therefore, I set up the Celestial Divine Restriction in this book.

However, the content of the book is real. As long as you comprehend it, you will definitely become my supporter. I can't not brainwash you. "Emperor Wu did not hide his power as an emperor at all.

"This Martial Emperor is still like this. He doesn't trust anyone. However, being an emperor for so long is like this. He is alone. Fortunately, I was prepared. It is not my first time dealing with Emperor Wu.

The experience in this book is indeed real. However, those who read this book will be brainwashed by Emperor Wu. "Gu Chensha was very clear about this. However, how could he be the same as Wu Dang Xing?

He had already activated his cultivation and secretly infiltrated the book. When he obtained the experience in the book, he also dispelled the restriction in it. He had already experienced Emperor Wu's habit of controlling his subordinates.

"Lord Martial Emperor is wise. I admire you."

Gu Chensha pretended to be real. It seemed like he had really been brainwashed. "I can't accept such a large amount of experience and memory in a short time."

"With your cultivation, if you want to comprehend my experience, you will need at least ten years." Emperor Wu did not care. "Now, I will give you a mission. Go and contact Gu Tanjian."

Emperor Wu threw another talisman into Gu Chensha's hand. "This is a talisman to communicate with me. If you encounter any danger, crush it and I will come." "Thank you, Emperor Wu." Gu Chensha sneered in his heart. As he spoke, Emperor Wu disappeared completely.

At this time, Gu Chensha circulated his magic power. The large amount of Emperor Wu's memory and the experience of comprehending the Dao of Deviants fused into his soul.

After a long time, he opened his eyes. "Emperor Wu indeed left something behind. He didn't even have the most important information to comprehend the Deviant. This emperor is too scheming. He doesn't trust anyone. He has cultivated the Emperor Heart Technique to the extreme. However, he lacks the majestic spirit of working together for the world. If you don't trust the world, how can the world trust you?"

No matter what, although he lacked the most important information to comprehend the Deviant, there were still many valuable things in Emperor Wu's experience.

Gu Chensha used this experience as his own resource. He carefully comprehended it and fused it together.

He had accumulated too much. He had obtained the memories of many sages and dominating figures. The magic power in his body circulated, ready to gush out at any time. It was these experiences and resources that allowed him to gain many new insights and changes.

"The situation is complicated. All the major forces have shown themselves.

However, I like this kind of situation. The more complicated it is, the more room I have to display my abilities. At this time, I represent the Wu clan. Emperor Wu, let's see if I can negotiate with Gu Tanjian to obtain some resources. "

Gu Chensha activated his Heavenly Dao Law slightly and completely dissolved the restrictions left behind by Emperor Wu. Thus, he directly landed in Gu Tanjian's fief.

Gu Tanjian's fief was expanding. It seemed that he had conquered a lot of territory in the past few days.

Looking at the general trend of the world, the Divine Central Plains had completely invaded the Wildlands. Over the years, the Barbarians had been forced into retreat, unable to organize a decent resistance.

Many of the Barbarian Divine Temples had been occupied, and many forests, grasslands, and lakes in the Wildlands had been reclaimed and turned into Yongchō's cities.

It had been eleven years since the imperial court had begun to march against the Barbarians in the fourteenth year of the Heavenly Talisman Era. During these eleven years, the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had not appeared for more than half of the time. However, the imperial court was still operating smoothly. Its territory was constantly expanding, and the various institutions were extremely lively. They had not decayed or lost their vitality.

Gu Chensha suddenly had another realization. "In the days when Imperial Father disappeared, everyone in the imperial court seemed to have sensed danger. They were afraid that the great situation before them would be destroyed by a calamity. Everyone was working hard, not daring to slack off. If Imperial Father hadn't disappeared, the nobles in the imperial court would have felt that they had something to rely on and would instead be able to enjoy themselves in peace. From this point of view, Imperial Father's disappearance has stimulated some kind of fighting spirit. This is a good thing for the fate of the nation."

The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had disappeared for so long that it would be a lie to say that the entire imperial court was not worried. Thus, everyone was desperately accumulating resources in order to deal with the turmoil and calamity that could happen at any time. This kind of emotion spread to the common people. The large families were also accumulating food, cultivating with all their might, and building houses and skyscrapers.