Chapter 991
===========

The Various Empires Chapter 988: The Various Empires

Gu Chensha walked on the streets of the Great Tang Empire. There were tall buildings everywhere, and many places in the city had teleportation points. Those teleportation points could teleport people to every city and every place in the empire.

Apart from that, there were many airships, airships, airships, and airships in the city. The currency that everyone used had already surpassed gold and silver. It was not even paper money, nor was it energy coins like the prehistoric technological civilization. Instead, it was something called karma points.

Everyone's identity information was recorded by the Great Tang Empire's system, and karma points were calculated based on what they did every day. The karma points they obtained could be used to exchange for all kinds of resources, to buy and sell all kinds of things. If they had enough karma points, they could even exchange for cultivation levels.

In other words, if an ordinary person in the Great Tang Empire obtained a treasure and contributed it to the Great Tang Empire, they would be able to obtain a huge amount of karma points from the karma system. They could then use the karma points to advance to the God Realm, Saint Realm, Celestial Lord Realm, Heavenly Longevity Realm, or even Heavenly Prime Realm.

For example, if someone obtained a treasure like the Primeval Dragon Gate and exchanged it for the Great Tang Empire's system, the merit points they obtained would be enough for an ordinary person to break through to the initial stage of Heavenly Prime. This was like reaching the heavens in a single bound, and it was unimaginable in the past.

In the past, it was extremely difficult for ordinary people to break through to the Dao Realm, let alone ordinary people reaching Heavenly Prime. As the saying went, comprehending the Dao was as difficult as ascending to the heavens.

Back then, Gu Chensha had bitterly cultivated and stepped into the Dao Realm. It had taken him a lot of time and effort to finally break through. But now, all he had to do was exchange.

The so-called karma points meant that when someone did something, it would trigger a cause, and the consequences of this cause were karma.

The founding emperor of the Great Tang Empire had obtained the karma system that Gu Chensha had created, and thus built such a huge empire.

With that, everything in this empire would be shrouded in karma, and the entanglement of karma would be pushed to the extreme. As it gradually brewed, the wisdom of all living beings would be gathered, and the people would be used as experimental fields. Only then would one be able to truly see through karma, allowing the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique to have a deeper understanding of karma, and thus further deepen the final transformation of the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique.

In Gu Chensha's eyes, as the Great Tang Empire grew larger and larger, the scope and energy of the Karma System also rapidly expanded. Everyone within the borders of the Great Tang Empire would be enveloped by the Karma System, and then their Karma would be absorbed by the System, thereby obtaining the power of the System to advance.

The power of this system far exceeded that of the God System of the Prehistoric Civilization by many times.

Gu Chensha was the creator of the system, and all the data and operations of the system were actually under his control. Although the current founder of the Tang Empire was the recipient of the system, he was just a worker.

Of course, with the improvement of his cultivation, the Emperor of the Great Tang Empire seemed to gradually understand this principle. Therefore, he carried out a series of actions in an attempt to break away from some kind of control and completely master this karma system. In the Imperial Palace of the Tang Empire. The current emperor was called Li Rufeng.

He was originally a young man who was bullied in the human world, but under a coincidence, he actually obtained the Karma System. With the help of this system, he leaped to become a superpower in a single leap.

This was not a big study room, and only the highest-ranking officials could enter it to discuss important matters. At this time, Emperor Li Rufeng was discussing something with three officials.

Of these two officials, one was wearing a Daoist robe, and the other was bald and actually wore a monk's robe. The other was dressed like a scholar. One was a Confucian, one was a Buddhist, and one was a Daoist.

When the Buddhist Sect was in the Heaven Realm, it had already been derived with the spread of Gu Chensha, and the Paramita Golden Mountain was finally integrated into the Everlasting Realm. Later on, the human world was condensed, and a group of Buddhist talents also entered the human world to spread their teachings. However, the Buddhist Sect had never produced any experts. It seemed that they were accumulating their destiny, waiting for an earth-shattering figure to appear.

"The three of you, ever since I established the Great Tang Empire a hundred years ago and conquered the world, I finally obtained this foundation.

However, the current biggest power in the human world is the Human Dynasty, and the ancestor of the Human Dynasty, Zhang Ziran is also operating it, and he wants to completely rule the entire human world.

The other dynasties that can compete with our empire are Qin, Han, Song, Yuan, and Ming. The emperors of these countries are all talented and bold, and they are a huge threat to our Great Tang Empire. We have to think of a way to first improve ourselves, then destroy these empires, then unify the human world, and finally break through the Heavenly Court to achieve the true great cause. "Li Rufeng said.

"Your Majesty."

The Daoist official said, "The current situation in the human world is like this. The Human Dynasty is the leader, and the six superpowers, Tang, Qin, Han, Song, Yuan, and Ming, restrict each other, and we are all in a balance. In addition, there are millions of small countries, small continents, small oceans, and there are countless experts living in them. In addition, in the depths of the human world, there is also the Underworld, which seems to be gradually breaking away from the control of the Heavenly Court. It has chosen a representative in the human world, and as far as I know, in some hidden places in the distant human world, the Underworld Kingdom has already appeared."

"The most urgent thing now is to destroy these countries, and to improve ourselves. It is said that the Karma System was created by the Master of the Everlasting Realm, Gu Chensha. He created the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and wants to rule all living beings."

The Confucian scholar said, "I think Your Majesty also knows some secrets, and that the Karma System has a deep connection with something?

Next, as long as Your Majesty breaks through to the next realm, and completely eliminates the control of that Gu Chensha, you will be able to obtain an invincible cultivation, and destroy the other countries, devour the cultivation of others, and finally fight against Gu Chensha. "

"I think that is indeed the most urgent thing now." The monk put his palms together, "I have an idea." "Let's hear it." The Great Tang Emperor Li Rufeng asked.

"I think that if Your Majesty wants to break through to the next realm, other than expanding the territory and painstakingly managing it, it will be very difficult for you to make a breakthrough. However, expanding the territory and nurturing the people is a job that will take time, and it will definitely not be something that can be done in a day, or even in a thousand years, you may not succeed."

The monk said, "Right now, the world is in full swing, and even a day cannot be delayed. If you take a wrong step, then every step will be wrong. At that time, I'm afraid that the destruction of the country will happen in an instant." "That's true."

The Great Tang Emperor Li Rufeng nodded, "I know, those who have obtained the other systems are infiltrating our Great Tang Empire. These days, I have caught many spies, and as long as we show the slightest flaw, these people will pounce on us like hungry wolves, and tear us to pieces."

"The Emperor of the Great Han Empire obtained the Good and Evil System, and the Emperor of the Great Qin Empire obtained the Providence System.

As for the Emperors of the Great Song, Great Ming, and Great Yuan Empire, although they did not obtain the systems, the treasures they have are also very powerful. "

The monk continued, "The waters of the Great Tang Empire are too deep, and we can't deal with them for now, but we can divide the other countries. For example, Your Majesty told the Emperors of the Great Han Empire and the Great Qin Empire that we should research together to break free from Gu Chensha's control, and let each of us completely master the systems. I believe that the two emperors might have the same idea. Now, the three empires are temporarily working together to research the ultimate secret of the systems, and break free from Gu Chensha's control. On the other hand, the three empires are working together to destroy the Great Song, Great Ming, and Great Yuan Empire, and divide them among themselves. This way, their strength will be further enhanced. In addition, during this storm, we can take the opportunity to destroy the Great Qin and the Great Han Empire." "That's true."

The Great Tang Emperor Li Rufeng said, "However, how can we guarantee that this plan will succeed, and that we won't be benefiting others?

The emperors of the other countries aren't easy to deal with either. I'm plotting against them, and they're plotting against me.

Moreover, there's the Great Tang Empire watching from the sidelines when we're fighting. When we're both injured, and the Great Tang Empire comes out to clean up the mess, won't we be the fisherman who benefits from the fight? "

"The Great Tang Empire isn't a monolithic entity either. Among them, there are the Nihility Ancestor, the Human Ancestor, the Taoist Ancestor, the Ancestor of Heaven, the Ancestor of Yi, and the Spell Ancestor. Each of them is a hindrance to the other. In fact, as long as we rope in one of the ancestors, and promise them some benefits, we can borrow their power to control the situation," the monk said.

"In that case, which ancestor did you rope in?" The Great Tang Emperor Li Rufeng asked.

"I've already tried to contact the subordinates of the Ancestor of Heaven, Wu Dangkong, and the disciples of the Ancestor of Yi, Zhang Yiren, and the disciples of the Spell Ancestor. I've even contacted some of the deities in the Heavenly Court. As long as we're prepared, we can use these forces to reap the greatest benefits," the monk said.

"Alright, I'll leave this matter to you. I want to see a foolproof plan before carrying out the plan, "the Great Tang Emperor Li Rufeng said.

"Then I'll go, Your Majesty." The monk's body flickered, and he left the Great Tang Empire.

After the monk left, the Great Tang Emperor Li Rufeng's expression turned serious. "Gentlemen, do you see if there's anything wrong with him?" "There's definitely something wrong with him. But Your Majesty, you can borrow his power to execute a plan within a plan. "The Daoist smiled.

"You two, follow this man. See what he's up to." The Great Tang Emperor Li Rufeng said.

"Yes, Your Majesty!"

The two courtiers left, leaving the Great Tang Emperor alone in the study. "There's no one I can use around me. They're all people with ulterior motives, like flies seeking personal gain, scheming and scheming. Such an empire, such a human world. Is this really the ideal human world? It seems that Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra makes some sense. But what kind of person am I, Li Rufeng? Even Gu Chensha can't control me. I've already made some progress in my understanding of the Dao of Breaking free from the System.

"Eh?"

At this time, Gu Chensha looked up at the capital of the Great Tang Empire. Suddenly, a stream of fate energy entered the River of Fate.

One of the flood dragons in the river of fate received the destiny, and began to roar and transform. It struggled to fly out of the river of fate, and was no longer under the control of fate. This flood dragon represented the fate of the Great Tang Emperor, Li Rufeng.

"Excellent. It's evolving. I actually hope that someone can break free from my River of Fate. If they can, then my experiment has succeeded." Gu Chensha had created the River of Fate, not to bind people.