Chapter 728
===========

It was time for the Martial Sage to ascend. Gu Chensha had passed on a lot of experience to him. These experiences contained the most profound truths. Among these truths were the strongest Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art and the Great God Slaughtering Art.

In addition, the Martial Sage had traveled the world with him, observing the flourishing development of all living beings. A firm Martial Dao Will and a vast Martial Dao Spirit were the best benefits to the Martial Dao Ancestor and the Martial Dao Ancestor. The more prosperous the Martial Dao was, the more valuable the Martial Sage was.

Moreover, he and Gu Chensha were working together to reform the Human Dragon Fist, condensing the essence of this fist, making it more suitable for the cultivation and advancement of all living beings. Every reform of the Human Dragon Fist affected everyone in the world.

Now, almost half of the people in the world were practicing the Human Dragon Fist. As they cultivated, they also had their own experiences and comprehensions of this fist. Unknowingly, these experiences would converge into the true meaning of the Martial Dao. Spiritual light flashed and gathered in the World Tree of the Tranquil Immortal Department. Then, after refinement, it would be poured into Gu Chensha's body, and then Gu Chensha would pour it into the Martial Sage.

The Martial Sage had already accumulated a lot of resources. Now, Gu Chensha had poured so much resources into him. Not only did he share all of the Xing Qiong Clan's Divergent Dao, but the two of them were also working together to deduce the refining process of the Heaven Defying Divergent Pill. Not only could they create another Heaven Defying Divergent Pill, but they could also deduce the pill to an even more perfect degree.

This was because the Xing Qiong Clan was inferior to Gu Chensha in one aspect, and that was the Heavenly Dao Art.

No matter how powerful the Xing Qiong Clan was, it was impossible for them to comprehend the various mysteries of the Heavenly Dao Art.

Now, the Martial Sage was comprehending it on his own, and it seemed like he was about to ascend to the Heavenly Venerate realm. Gu Chensha immediately made a move, sending his Heavenly Dao Art into the Martial Sage's body. Not only was this helping the Martial Sage, but it would also bring him great benefits.

Advancing into the Empyrean Realm was no small matter. It was a transformation that transcended beyond the three dimensions and the five elements. Even if it was since ancient times until now, such a transformation was extremely rare, and being able to experience it personally was simply a fortuitous encounter amongst fortuitous encounters.

Moreover, Gu Chensha had now become one with the Martial Sage. As the Heavenly Dao was activated, he had become an existence that was exactly the same as the Martial Sage. He had become an Empyrean together, which was equivalent to him personally experiencing the process of becoming an Empyrean. For his cultivation, this was something that almost no fortuitous encounter in the past could compare to.

Currently, in the entire Tranquil Immortal Department, no one could attack the Empyrean Realm. Zhuge Ya couldn't, Longevity God also couldn't, and even Chang Weiyang had to rely on external forces.

Only the Martial Saint reigned supreme with his martial prowess, breaking through all obstacles, breaking through the Three Realms and the Five Elements, using the will of the Martial Dao to forcefully break through countless restraints. The ancient human Great Sages were definitely not to be underestimated.

"Is this what it feels like to transcend beyond the three dimensions and not be part of the five elements?"

Gu Chensha revolved the Heavenly Dao and fused with the Martial Sage. He immediately felt his thoughts violently jump, and the entire world seemed to come alive in front of his eyes. It was like a giant cage, completely sealing him in. Being in this world made him feel extremely uncomfortable.

"Break for me! Three Realms and Five Elements, Samsara and Six Daos, Great Dao of the Heavens, retreat for me!" The Martial Sage's tremendous will seemed to be fighting against the rules of the Heavenly Dao.

In the process of breaking through to the Empyrean Realm, the strongest force suppressed from the depths of the Heavenly Dao. This force didn't come from the outside, but from the heart.

In that instant, Gu Chensha seemed to have split into two different versions of himself, fighting against each other. One was old-fashioned, while the other was determined to forge ahead. The two versions of himself were fiercely fighting against each other.

The old-fashioned version of himself was the personality of the Heavenly Dao that was influenced by the Heavenly Dao, also known as the most rational. And the one who was determined to forge ahead, breaking through everything, was his true heart. His true heart and rationality battled against each other, operating against each other.

Everything in the outside world could actually affect his inner heart, condensing into a rational personality in the depths of his heart.

No matter what he did, he would consider it rationally. He would know what he could do and what he couldn't do.

Now, Gu Chensha understood that the greatest obstacle in advancing to the Empyrean Realm was his own rationality telling him that he couldn't break through this barrier. Once he did, he would be consigned to eternal damnation.

For example, if a person was standing on a cliff right now, his rationality telling him that he couldn't jump down. If he did, he would definitely die a horrible death.

But there was a voice in the depths of his heart telling him that if he jumped down, he would have a fortuitous encounter. Then, should he jump or not? Almost anyone who was clear-headed would choose not to jump. This was the feeling of advancing to the Empyrean Realm.

The rational personality told him that he would definitely be annihilated in the process of advancing to the Empyrean Realm.

"Rationality is the external environment and one's own understanding of the world. This is the truth. "

Gu Chensha said, "However, one's true heart is the process of eliminating the external environment and various factors, thus recognizing one's true self. This kind of mentality is extremely mysterious and mysterious. Is it absolute rationality or respect for one's true heart? Is rationality real or is one's true heart real? " He couldn't help but think about this question.

It was like a person standing at the edge of a cliff thinking, "After I jump down like this, will I really die? After I die, will I still exist? Which is the real me, the dead me or the living me?" The higher one's cultivation, the stronger their rationality. This was because rationality was a deep understanding of the world. What couldn't and what could be done were all within the rules of the Heaven Dao World. This was rationality.

Ordinary people weren't very rational and would easily commit suicide or do crazy things. However, if one was a mortal realm Martial Dao Grandmaster, their heart would be as hard as steel and they would be absolutely rational and calm. After cultivating to the Dao Realm, one's heart would be even more perfect. In the future, as one's realm increased, the stronger one became, the more rational they would be.

If one reached the 25th Transformation of the Dao Realm, the "Undying Body", then one would develop absolute rationality.

Everything, past and future, would be calculated calmly. At this moment, all emotional things would be killed.

That was because if one was absolutely rational, one would live for a long time. This was also the reason for the "Undying Body".

Emotional things would usually cause one to be impulsive. When one was impulsive, one would lose their rationality and die quickly.

To break through to the Heaven Lord Realm, one had to destroy all rational things and find one's true self. This meant that the three worlds, five elements, six paths were all things that blinded one's eyes. They had to be killed and broken. This was the true meaning of the Heaven Lord Realm.

"Martial Break 10,000 Hearts."

The Martial Saint's Martial Dao Origin Heart surged unceasingly, condensing and breaking through everything. His will merged with Gu Chensha, completely destroying his own rationality in an instant. Gu Chensha sensed this will and his heart started to spin. It surged and merged with one another. His Heaven Dao Technique helped the Martial Saint get through many difficulties.

As expected from an ancient saint, the ancestor of the martial path. Many of the laws within his body were collapsing one by one. Saints formed their own Saint Path Laws.

Warlock Saints condensed law and order, while Martial Sages condensed the true essence of absolute martial arts, destruction, and evolution.

However, although the Martial Saint had started to evolve to the Heaven Lord Realm, the evolution process was really dangerous. This was a suicidal action.

In history, many Outliers reached the 36 Transformation Realm and tried to break through to the Heaven Lord Realm.

Fortunately, Gu Chensha's Heavenly Path Technique was able to sustain him as a Martial Sage, so he had to take fewer detours.

Waves of Heaven Lord aura descended. The laws in the Martial Saint's body were destroyed but something new was being formed.

"Breaking through to the Heaven Lord Realm seems to be easier than during the Ancient Era. No wonder the Dharma Saint succeeded. This is because the restrictions of the Heaven Dao have decreased. "

The Martial Saint's will collapsed over and over again before reforming once more. He maintained a trace of indestructibility. It was because of this trace that he was able to break through and be reborn again and again. It was indeed much easier to break through now than during the Ancient Era. This was because the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had suppressed the Heaven Dao.

For example, when a dynasty was at its peak, any rebellion would be extinguished. However, when it gradually went downhill, local governance would weaken, and the upper and lower levels would be divided. This would give many rebels space to grow stronger. Heaven Lords were rebels of the Heaven Dao. They broke through the restrictions of the Heaven Dao and formed their own body. They did not need to borrow any power.

"So that's how it is, so that's how it is …" At this time, Gu Chensha had already sensed that the original Sage Laws within the Martial Sage's body had been completely destroyed. What replaced it was a Heavenly Venerate level aura.

This aura was very strange. It was not world energy but something independent, something that did not even come from the primal chaos. This was Heaven Lord power.

The power of an Empyrean was not the power of the Heavenly Dao, but it still contained some heavenly aura.

This was an independent power. Although this power was not as miraculous as Gu Chensha's Heavenly Law, it still surpassed the power of an ordinary world.

Gu Chensha knew that this was the mystery of the Empyrean Realm. He relied on the mystical Heavenly Dao Technique to merge with a Martial Sage. This was equivalent to him experiencing the process of becoming an Empyrean himself.

After the Martial Saint ascended to become an Empyrean, he would be pushed out and he would still be at the 29 Transformations of the Dao Realm, 'Comprehending Primal Chaos'. But because of this experience, he would benefit greatly. It would definitely cause his combat strength to undergo a tremendous change. Kacha kacha

This experience of breaking through to Heaven Lord allowed him to personally experience it. Gu Chensha suddenly sensed that the 360 threads of fate were connected to him. These 360 Threads of Fate belonged to the 360 Common People Marshals.

"Hahaha!" Gu Chensha laughed out loud. He activated his comprehension and sliced it off.

From now on, the fate of the Common People's Generals wouldn't be connected to him. This meant that the Common People's Generals had become independent. Even if he didn't advance to God Realm, the Common People's Generals could advance on their own. This gave the Common People's Generals more space …

(Important notice: Please use the free app, no ads, no errors, fast updates, members synchronize to the bookshelf, please follow the official WeChat account. Anbenheji (Press down for three seconds to copy)