Chapter 1099
============

Zhang Xuangong This was the power of a Heavenly Venerable. He could wipe out an entire clan.

Not to mention a family clan, even a country or a small world could be annihilated by an Empyrean powerhouse at will.

Of course, Empyrean Realm experts had once destroyed the world, but in the Old World, they still couldn't do as they pleased. This was because the Old World's suppression was extremely great. The laws of the world subtly restricted the rampaging of essence energy, making many Dharma spells less destructive. This was also why the old world's laws were far stronger than other universes. Space was very sturdy, and it was not easy to tear it.

Fortunately, Zhang Xuangong's ability was now under the nurturing of the new world's Gu Xinjian. He quickly became familiar with the old world's laws and could use his greatest power. Moreover, he had an Immortal-level martial arts talisman in his body.

Originally, after obtaining this martial arts talisman, it would have taken him a long time to slowly develop its essence. It was impossible for him to become an Empyrean in the blink of an eye. However, the will of the new world, Gu Xinjian, had somehow infiltrated it and helped Zhang Xuangong fuse this martial arts talisman with his own soul.

As a result, Zhang Xuangong had become the person who understood martial arts the best in the blink of an eye.

The will of the new world, Gu Xinjian, was a wisp of his will. He didn't have much strength, and in the Old World, he had to hide. Otherwise, if the will of the Old World, Ancient Stepping on Immortals, discovered him and devoured his tiny avatar, his strength would be damaged, and the will of the Old World would strengthen.

"Interesting, interesting …" The new world's Will Gu Xinjian did not care what Zhang Xuangong was doing. He was observing the old world's laws. When Zhang Xuangong used martial arts, he would connect with the old world's laws. The moment they connected. The new world's Will Gu Xinjian could sense the old world's secrets.

"In that case, I still have to thank Gu Chensha. Without Gu Chensha, the old world's Will would probably have possessed the main character's body and come to my body to spy on my secrets."

The new world's Will Gu Xinjian said, "The old world's Will's incarnation is Gu Taxian, so he's actually my grandfather? Should I call him grandpa?

Interesting, interesting, very interesting. And since Gu Chensha is my creator, it would not be an exaggeration to say that he is my father, the future of the entire Multiverse is actually a game between us three generations? "

The Old World's will had transformed into Gu Taxian, and Gu Chensha was the current ruler, the person who controlled everything. As for the New World's will, Gu Xinjian, he was his' son. ' Everything in the multiverse was so strange. The three generations were in control of everything. Of course, this was only in name. There was a karmic connection between the three generations. Bam bam bam bam …

Zhang Xuangong's palm pointed at the map of the town that he had condensed. With every point he made, the people in the Qian Family's village would explode and turn into nothingness. Even their souls would be completely destroyed. (If this chapter is not finished, please turn the page.) , "message": "Subscribed