Chapter 122
===========

"Barbarian Race Martial Path Grandmaster slave auction. He was cursed and will definitely listen …"

"Fire Pearl from the Celestial Craft Institute. If you want it, come tomorrow afternoon to name a price."

Gu Chensha and Long Yuyun walked into one of the streets of the auction house. This place was the busiest and the road was the widest. There were tall buildings on both sides and at the back was a large auction area. The people on the streets were all important people and one could even see officials.

Gu Chensha listened to the messy shouts of the servants who came out to solicit customers and laughed: "There's a barbarian martial arts grandmaster slave for auction? I heard that only people with high cultivation can use the curse. Dao Realm Twelve Transformation Soul Snatching Realm can only be reached. "

"This auction house isn't simple. It belongs to the Heng Family and the Crown Prince is behind it." Long Family looked at the auction house. On it were the words Eternal Trading Company.

"Yong is my Great Yongchō and Heng is the Heng Family. Added together, it is Eternal. Not bad." Gu Chensha nodded his head, "Where is the Long Family Trading Company?"

"It is there. The scale is okay but compared to the Eternal Trading Company, it is much weaker. The main reason is that they don't have anything new to attract people. If they can take out something good, it will cause a commotion and we will be able to get famous." Long Yuyun looked at Gu Chensha and knew that he had something good on him.

"A tall tree attracts the wind."

Gu Chensha waved his hand and said, "Right now, we're not strong enough. The difference between us and those true aristocratic families is too great. Even if we take out some good stuff, there's no guarantee that no problems will occur. Although they won't dare to do it openly, we won't be able to withstand their hidden methods. We should enjoy the good stuff ourselves and raise our strength. " "That's true."

Long Yuyun nodded her head, "Actually, since I joined you, the Long Family Trading Company has been suppressed in the dark. You don't know about this." "That can't be avoided."

Gu Chensha frowned, "But there is nothing I can do. I can only take a step back and bear with it. But recently Father has placed a lot of emphasis on me, so they should restrain themselves."

"As long as His Majesty is still here, even the great aristocratic families with thousands of years of history cannot act recklessly."

Long Yuyun said, "But recently, the Hua Clan has sent people to cooperate with me in business, and have secretly resolved many problems." "Fourth Brother?"

Gu Chensha nodded. "Since he's willing to join hands with us, then he must be fine. In the future, the two of you should make more contact with his residence and visit him." "That is for sure."

Long Yuyun had a deep look in her eyes. "It's just that the Fourth Prince has been hiding for many years. This time, he acted rashly and exposed himself." "Since I, your fourth brother, dared to make a move, I won't be afraid of any other changes."

Gu Chensha was not worried about The Fourth. This person was many times stronger than him, so worrying about himself was the right thing to do. Pa! Pa pa!

The sound of a whip cracking could be heard on the street. The pedestrians all moved aside. Some of them didn't manage to move in time. The whip coiled around them and flung them to the sides of the road. It was simply tyrannical and tyrannical.

"The Crown Prince has arrived. Pedestrians, make way." Four people wielded their long whips, opening the way and shouting at the same time.

Behind them, there was a large sedan, carried by sixteen people. Eight maids stood by the side, holding glass lamps in their hands. The lamps weren't lit by fire, but by moonstones, giving off a gentle light. Other than that, there were eunuchs carrying incense burners. The sedan was surrounded by guards wearing Horned Dragon Armor, looking murderous.

With this kind of extravagance, anyone could tell that the person sitting in the sedan was an important person.

"This is Crown Prince Gu Hengsha's son, Gu Tanjian. He is also the eldest son of the first wife, and has long been conferred the title of Crown Prince. He can be considered your nephew. This grandeur, this scene, is much more important than you, a Prince." Long Yuyun looked at the sedan and the extravagance around it. "Should we hide or go forward?" "Eldest Prince's Crown Prince? The kid who wore the The Great Spirit God Ring that my mother left for me? "

Gu Chensha's gaze was ice cold, "I am his uncle. His rampage on the streets is already a nuisance to the people. Imperial Father has ordered many times that when ministers and generals travel, as long as it's not for official business, we should try our best not to disturb the people. For him to order his subordinates to wave their whips and sweep anyone who doesn't move aside, this is simply ruining the image of the Royal Family in the eyes of the people." Pa!

The sedan had reached the front of the group. Seeing that Gu Chensha and the other two were still standing in the middle of the road, refusing to move aside, the four whips wielding experts shook their hands lightly, and the long whips swept out like snakes, wanting to wrap around the three of them. Gu Chensha didn't move.

Jade Frost Dew and Long Yuyun snorted coldly, and acted at the same time. The long whips had just arrived, but before they could even touch their bodies, they pushed out with their palms. The moment the whips came into contact with their palms, it was like a python biting back at them. Instantly, the four of them were sent flying to the side of the road, their muscles numb, and they couldn't even stand up.

"How dare you!" Shua shua shua!

The soldiers wearing the Horned Flood Dragon Armor surrounded them and wrapped them up. The people around all scattered, but there were still some who gathered to watch the show.

"You dare to offend the prince, what are your crimes?" A eunuch gave out a sharp voice.

"Nephew, you are so arrogant, have you forgotten about the teachings? Our Royal Family doesn't want to disturb the people? "Gu Chensha stared at the sedan and spoke.

"So, it is 19th Uncle." A cold voice spread out from the sedan, filled with killing intent, "All of you back off." "Yes!" The soldiers all retreated to the back.

"These soldiers are cold and emotionless. They are worse than death warriors. I don't think they are alive, but they are refined Xuan Demon Iron Corpses. This is a secret technique of the Demon Path."

Long Yuyun suddenly said softly, "Even though these warriors aren't in the Dao realm, they're no weaker than a Dao realm cultivator at the second transformation, and their martial arts are extremely powerful." "Xuan Demon Iron Corpses?"

Gu Chensha's heart jumped. He had read books and knew about the corpse refining techniques of the Demon Path Sects. They were really strong but also really cruel. They had caused bloodshed in many years.

Xuan Demon Corpse Sect was the best at refining corpses. The corpses were split into Xuan Demon Iron Corpse, Xuan Demon Copper Corpse, Xuan Demon Silver Corpse, Xuan Demon Gold Corpse, Xuan Demon Jade Corpse, Xuan Demon Flying Yaksha, and Xuan Demon Asura. The curtain of the sedan was opened and a person walked out.

It was a 16-17 year old teen who was even older than Gu Chensha. He wore a silver silk shirt and had a jade crown on his head. There was a jade belt around his waist and a bone ring on his finger. This was the The Great Spirit God Ring. Even people who didn't know martial arts could tell that this ring was extraordinary.

"19th Uncle, I am here to greet you."

The young man walked down from the sedan chair and looked at Gu Chensha with disdain on his face. However, he bowed slightly as a form of greeting. He then turned the ring on his finger and looked at Long Yuyun. "Long Yuyun, I didn't expect you to have sided with 19th Uncle. Just a few days ago, my father executed a group of pirates with the surname Long. I wonder if that had anything to do with your family? You are here? I am going to take you away to investigate your relationship with those evil pirates. "

Then, he smiled evilly, "19th Uncle, the girl beside you is a criminal. It is better for me to take her away in case she is accused of harboring a criminal." "Oh?" Gu Chensha laughed, "Criminal? Who made that decision? Did the boss? He isn't the Emperor yet.

I met with your Imperial Grandfather a few days ago and personally reported this matter. I am in charge of recruiting the overseas kingdoms. Nephew, just do your own thing and don't stretch your hands out. Otherwise, if you cause trouble, even I, 19th Uncle, won't be able to protect you. "

"19th Uncle, my father has obtained evidence of the Long Family's evil intentions. They indiscriminately killed the people of Great Yong. He has already handed it over to Imperial Grandfather. When the time comes, the evidence will be irrefutable. Let's see how you will protect him."

Gu Tanjian continued to play with the Giant Spirit Ring. "I heard that this Giant Spirit Ring was carved from the bones of The Great Spirit God. It has been reinforced with ninety to ninety Great Star Shifting Mantras. When I wore it when I was little, it cleansed my body and was incomparably wondrous." "Relying on treasures to cultivate is not the way of the king."

Gu Chensha knew that this kid was deliberately angering him, but he didn't get angry or take back the ring.

"Whether or not it is the way of the king, 19th Uncle will know in the future."

Gu Tanjian smiled faintly. "My father has guarded the coastal border for many years. If 19th Uncle wishes to recruit the Baoyu Nation, you will need to borrow my father's strength. Otherwise, if you encounter a storm at sea, pirates, or demons, it will be bad."

These words were a clear threat. He then looked at Frost Jade Dew. "This must be the Seventh Princess of Baoyu Nation. It is a good thing that you wish to recruit the imperial court, but you must follow the right person. Otherwise, you will be surrounded and suppressed as a rebel. The Crown Prince of Baoyu Nation sent an envoy to my father's residence three days ago to discuss important matters."

"I appreciate the Heir's intentions, but Frost Jade Dew is mediocre in everything else, but she has a good eye for people. She knows who to follow and who to keep a respectful distance from with evil intentions." Frost Jade Dew was not as taciturn as Long Yuyun, but her words were sharp.

"Very good. Seventh Princess, remember what you said today."

A sinister smile appeared in Gu Tanjian's eyes. "Don't fall into the hands of evil people. When that happens, you will be in a state where you can neither live nor die." "Demonic Dao." Frost Jade Dew only said two words.

"You!" Gu Tanjian's murderous aura grew stronger.

"Heir."

At this moment, a few servants hurriedly walked out of the Eternal Trading Company and arrived in front of Gu Tanjian. "Lady Luo Wu has arrived and is waiting for the Heir." "I will go right away."

Gu Tanjian immediately waved his hand and sneered. "19th Uncle, your nephew still has matters to attend to. I will take my leave first."

As he spoke, he led his people into the trading company, but he couldn't be bothered with Gu Chensha.

"Who is Luo Wu? Gu Tanjian saw that he wanted to kill you, but he restrained himself. "Gu Chensha asked.