Chapter 556
===========

The Infernal domain was still pitch-black, filled with a savage, violent, and bloody aura. The entire Infernal domain seemed to be boiling, and the demonic aura was brewing, about to erupt. Gu Chensha entered the Infernal domain, and he could feel that the demonic nature in the Infernal domain was about to boil, making a whistling sound. The Demon Calamity was about to erupt and it couldn't be stopped.

Originally, the Heaven Talisman Emperor's seal was really strong and no matter how strong the Demon Race was, they wouldn't be able to break it.

But that time, the sky changed, the stars fell, the black energy swallowed the sun, and the ground shook. This was the backlash of the Heaven Dao which broke the seal. At the same time, the demonic energy was stimulated.

"It seems like the Demon Calamity is about to erupt and I can't delay it anymore. The world is destined to face a calamity. What a waste, if I can delay it for another 10 years, then it would be perfect." Gu Chensha grabbed a thread of demonic energy and analyzed it.

If he could wait for another 15 years, this batch of babies would grow up and become youths. The country would be strong and they would definitely be able to compete with the Demon Region.

Moreover, based on the current fertility rate, in 15 years, the population would increase by several times. Apart from that, Zhuge Ya might become a true God Realm expert in 15 years. But now, he didn't have much time. He only had seven days.

During these seven days, he wanted to raise his strength. For example, he had reached the 23rd Dao Realm Transformation, Past Reflection. If he could raise another realm and reach the 24th Transformation, then his combat strength would greatly increase. His soul power would also be much thicker. If he injected the Heaven Dao Technique into the Wanxiang Destruction Stick, anyone below God Realm would be killed with just one hit. Of course, raising cultivation wasn't the most important thing. The biggest increase in his combat strength was from comprehending Divergent Numbers.

Now, he had a deep understanding of Divergent Numbers. After consuming the Heaven Defying Divergent Pill, he was able to comprehend Divergent Numbers, far exceeding Jing Qiu's.

At this moment, the comparison between him and Jing Qiu was that he was already standing on the peak of the mountain. Although he could jump into the sky with just one step, Jing Qiu was still struggling to climb up the mountain, looking for a way up.

That was Jing Qiu's sorrow. Gu Chensha was standing on the shoulders of giants. He had obtained Chang Weiyang's experience with the Dao of Divergent, as well as Chang Yuzhou's memories. He had also obtained the wisdom of the Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang. He had also obtained the memory fragments of the ancient Demonfolk Great Sages, the Warlord's experiences with the Dao of Divergent, Xing Qiongshi's memories, and the Divine Continent Grand Magic's seventy-two stages.

All of these were combined together and refined and comprehended by his cultivation of the Heavenly Dao Arts. How could a blind man like Jing Qiu compare to him? Even Wu Dangkong didn't dare to take the "Heaven Defying Oddity Pill", but he forcefully took it.

If he could comprehend the Dao of Divergent in these seven days, then his combat power would increase even more.

It would be best if he could comprehend both of them. He would become a true Divergent and also reach the 24 Dao Realm Transformation, Past Reflection.

Using the secret technique that Zhuge Ya had set up, he quickly found Xing Qianxiong and Jiang Qi in the depths of the Demon Region. At this moment, the two of them were cultivating in an abandoned Demon God Temple.

In the Demon Region, there were many abandoned temples. Many Demon God experts wanted to gather faith power to form their own dust world. They had no choice but to build temples and develop faith, allowing some low-level demons to worship them.

However, the Demon Gods fought against each other for the sake of their believers. In the process of battle, Demon God-level experts would also fall.

To God experts, believers were really important. As long as they had a million ordinary believers, they could provide enough faith power to maintain the operation of their dust world. In the Infernal domain, the Demon Gods and Demon Gods were fighting over believers at all times.

The more believers a Demon God had, the faster their dust world would accumulate, and the stronger they would be. After one reached God level, many battles were battles between worlds. This was like a battle between two countries, where they competed on overall strength.

"Hide, change." Gu Chensha snuck into the broken temple and saw Xing Qianxiong teaching Jiang Qi cultivation.

Gu Chensha's hiding skills were really good. When he used the 22 transformations, even the Dharma Saint didn't notice him, much less Xing Qianxiong.

"Sir Xing Qianxiong, is the Demon Calamity about to erupt?"

Jiang Qi was cultivating the God Continent Technique. Above his head, his soul spun. He wasn't afraid of demonic energy and actually formed an image of the God Continent's 99 states.

"This kid is really amazing to be able to cultivate the God Continent Technique to stage nine." Gu Chensha thought to himself. He stared at a lamp above Xing Qianxiong.

That lamp was the Divine Land Demon Sealing Lamp. All the captured demons were in the flame of the lamp.

The flame was like a tiny world, and there were countless demons sealed within it. They were forcefully brainwashed by Xing Qian Xiong, causing these demons to chant the incantations of the Divine Continent to strengthen the power of the tiny world.

"These days, Xing Qianxiong has improved a lot. He's like a God level armor, and he devoured the entire Peerless Heaven Book."

Gu Chensha could feel that Xing Qianxiong had already completely digested the Peerless Heaven Book and its treasures. "I wonder how Xing Qiongshi is doing now?

If she doesn't interfere, no matter how strong Xing Qianxiong is, we can use the power of our small world to capture him. "

The God Continent Demon Sealing Lamp contained many demons. If they obtained it, it would be a great nourishment.

"That's right. I've already received news that the Demon Calamity will erupt in seven days."

Xing Qianxiong let out a sharp voice. "This is our chance. When that time comes, the Tranquil Immortal Department will be the first to bear the brunt of the Demon Calamity. They won't have a chance to fight us for the World Burial Coffin.

When the Demon Calamity erupts, we will carry out the sacrificial ritual. As you have the bloodline of Jiang Gongwang, as your cultivation base rises, the density of your bloodline will also increase. At that time, we will have a high chance of summoning you. " "This time, the plan and preparations are foolproof. What about Lord Xing Qiongshi?

Previously, he was suppressed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's arrangements in the Divine Continent. He seems to have suffered some injuries. Will he be suppressed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor again? "Jiang Qi asked.

"Lord Xing Qiongshi is indeed injured, but his foundation isn't damaged. He will recover very soon."

Xing Qianxiong's voice became sharper and sharper. "However, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor actually set up so many traps, causing Lord Xing Qiongshi's Divine Continent Grand Art to fail."

"Lord Xing Qianxiong, you have only grasped the seventy-two Divine Continent Grand Art. I wonder when Lord Xing Qiongshi will impart the ninety-nine Divine Continent Grand Art to you." Jiang Qi's eyes darted around.

"Once I obtain the World Burying Coffin, I will have completed my mission. I will gain Lord Xing Qiongshi's favor and obtain the ninety-nine Divine Continent Grand Art. When that time comes, you will finally be able to control the World Burying Coffin and shine in the Divine Continent. Only in this chaotic world can you show your true colors."

Xing Qianxiong said, "But your cultivation level is still too low. You need to quickly cultivate magic power and reach the Dao Realm Twenty Transformations."

"Lord Xing Qianxiong, can you help me raise my talent to the Innate Saint level? That way, my cultivation will be much smoother," Jiang Qi said.

"Unless I can obtain the Holy Dragon Mantra and the Holy Dragon Qi, there's nothing I can do. Maybe if Xing Qiongshi cultivates the 100th level of the Divine Prefecture Grand Magic to perfection, and the Divine Prefecture United as One, he'll be able to do it."

Xing Qian Xiong said, "However, the World Burying Coffin might also contain the Sacred Dragon Qi. Back then, Jiang Gongwang assisted dozens of Ancient Emperors. Over the course of a thousand years, who knows how many treasures he obtained from the coffin. We can't let the Calming Immortal Department get it. "

"Of course," Jiang Qi nodded, "I want to take control of the Calming Immortal Department and absorb the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya."

"That's not difficult. With my help, that will be easy. So what if it's the Calming Immortal Department? I still took the Peerless Heaven Book. "Xing Qianxiong laughed loudly.

Gu Chensha sensed the conversation between Xing Qianxiong and Jiang Qi, and instantly understood many secrets.

"Good, very good. So Xing Qiongshi was injured. That makes sense. The Divine Continent Grand Art's 100th stage is no small matter. That day in the Martial Saint's Paradise, Xing Qiongshi sent it through the air and didn't even use his true body. Just that attack alone was enough to destroy everything. Its power is unimaginable. Even the three Celestial Sovereigns had to dodge it."

Gu Chensha thought to himself, "In the end, his attack was blocked and he was forced back to his original state. He's injured so badly that he probably won't be able to recover in a short period of time. Does that mean he can't help Xing Qianxiong and Jiang Qi? If that's the case, this is my chance. Maybe all these changes were arranged by my father? "

Gu Chensha knew that Jiang Qi was most likely one of the sacrifices. If Xing Qianxiong had obtained the World Burying Coffin, why would he give it to Jiang Qi? Jiang Qi himself probably knew this too.

But he had no choice. With his current cultivation base, it was impossible for him to escape from Xing Qianxiong's control.

Gu Chensha didn't make a move. He was observing. Maybe he could use Jiang Qi to disrupt the situation.

"You cultivate here first. I'll split a part of my god force to kill more demons. It's best if I can capture some experts of the Sky Demon Tribe and the Sovereign Demon Tribe. The power of their sacrifice is not something ordinary demons can compare to." At this moment, Xing Qianxiong suddenly emitted a black light that enveloped the dilapidated temple. Most of his divine power had been sent out to capture more demons.

"Good chance!"

Gu Chensha didn't hesitate. The Heavenly Dao Art changed and seeped into the temple. No Dharma Realm could stop him, let alone Xing Qianxiong's temporary Forbidden Art.