Chapter 828
===========

Remembering 09 in One Second, providing you with exciting reading. Chapter 825: Gift of Ambition Gu Chensha could suppress even the Emperor Of Heaven, let alone a Heavenly King. Moreover, the reason why this baby could be born was because of Gu Chensha's methods. Gu Chensha was very confident about all of this. Because right now, no one and nothing could stop him.

His power pressed down, and a circle of light flew out, surrounding the Punisher Heavenly King. He then chanted scriptures, and countless words seeped into the baby's body.

The baleful aura in the baby's eyes grew stronger, and he said, "Gu Chensha, how dare you! You actually dare to attack the Heavenly King! Do you know that you have truly violated the laws of heaven? You will no longer be forgiven by the Heavenly Dao, and you will immediately be met with a great calamity." "How laughable."

Gu Chensha looked at the baby. "The Uncataclysmic Heavenly King was taken away by Jing Qiu, and I don't see any great calamity coming. Moreover, I won't take away your Heavenly King's Source. I'm just giving you a chance to walk on the right path, so that your status as a Heavenly King will be more beneficial to the development of the world. A new era is coming, and if you continue on the path of the future, your final outcome will be destruction. You will not be able to escape the shackles of fate and the Heavenly Dao. But if you follow me, you can walk on a brand new path."

"No matter who the Heavenly King's Source is passed on to, as long as he respects the arrangements of the Heavenly Dao, he will conform to the will of the heavens."

The Punisher Heavenly King said, "If he goes against the will of the heavens, then he is wrong, and the Heavenly King's Source will automatically fly away to find a suitable candidate. This is the same as plotting for one's position, and not plotting for one's position.

The Heavenly King doesn't belong to a person, but to some official position. If I give up my loyalty to the Heavenly Dao and the Emperor Of Heaven, then I will no longer be the Punisher Heavenly King. The position and the Source will fall into someone else's hands. If you don't understand this, then your Department of Tranquility will have no way to fight against the Emperor Of Heaven and the future Heavenly Court. But even if you understand, you can't fight back. In the future, the Emperor Of Heaven will come into being and establish the Heavenly Court, ending the chaos, and establishing eternal order. Anyone who goes against this will will be like a mantis trying to stop a chariot.

"Department of Tranquility, Gu Chensha, the more powerful you are, the greater the merit you will receive from the Heavenly Dao. Because of how powerful you are, the greater the tribulation you will cause, and the faster the Emperor Of Heaven will come into being.

Without the two of you to serve as a foil, there will be no way to demonstrate the greatness of the Emperor Of Heaven. In the future, only the Emperor Of Heaven will quell the chaos and come into being. Only then will there be a new era. As for the two of you, you will be the greatest villains of that era. "

Gu Chensha listened quietly, and didn't refute the Punisher Heavenly King. After the Punisher Heavenly King finished speaking, he said, "You're right. That's true. However, you underestimate a few things. Our power, our ideals, the ideals of all living things, and the will to be independent and free. Their desires can change the Heavenly Dao, and change the will of the heavens. That is the most powerful thing.

"You might be a heavenly king, but your level is still too low. Furthermore, there are basically no people who are truly loyal to the Heavenly Dao or the Emperor Of Heaven. They are all ambitious people. I don't think you need to do that. Why don't you switch allegiance? "

"No matter what you say, I'll guard my Essence. I won't join you. I know you want my sacrifice, and I want to use the power of my sacrifice to increase your cultivation base. That's even more useful than killing me and taking my Essence. If you just kill me and take my Essence, it won't be of much help to you."

As the Punisher Heavenly King spoke, his body grew a bit larger, until he looked like a three or four year old boy.

"Your Essence's influence on you is very deep, but it can be dispelled. Look at the Grand Burning Heavenly King. He has huge ambitions. His ambition is to rule over all living things, and to gain the faith of billions of living things. In the end, he changed his mind. He wants to be the Emperor Of Heaven, and dominate the world.

That's what it means to be ambitious. "Gu Chensha said," I can't convince you, but your ambition can change you. "

As he spoke, Gu Chensha suddenly moved, and an illusion descended. "This is the Great Fen Dynasty. There are hundreds of billions of lives here. Their thoughts, customs, and desires, as well as reverence. I will let you have a try now. Rule over billions of lives, and even the great prestige of the world. Your ambition will naturally grow."

Immediately, the illusion enveloped the Punisher Heavenly King, and countless living things appeared around him. In this illusion, he pacified the world, ascended to the throne, and adjusted yin and yang. He won the respect of all living things, and countless people worshiped him, respected him, and looked up to him like a mountain.

This was the possibility of giving birth to ambition. Of course, it wasn't an ambition, but a responsibility. A responsibility and commitment to all living things. [0↑ 9 △ Small ↓ Say △ Net .09 】

"Gu Chensha, what are you doing?"

Dou Yiyu frowned. After all, the Punisher Heavenly King had been born from her body, and they had a mother-son relationship. Although she didn't know who the father of the child was, she had a seventy to eighty percent guess that it had something to do with this Gu Chensha.

"A newborn baby may be intelligent, but because he's been overshadowed by his instincts, the Heavenly Dao has given him the destiny to assist the Emperor Of Heaven. That's a fixed thought process. How is he any different from a puppet?

"Right now, I'm teaching him all sorts of knowledge and the principles of humanity. When he truly understands the Dao of Man, he'll be able to suppress the Dao of Heaven, and naturally join my Calming Immortal Department." Gu Chensha had already comprehended the art of changing people's hearts. RUMBLE!

After a full three days and three nights, the illusion suddenly dissipated, and the Punisher Heavenly King had grown into a young man. His face was as smooth as jade, and he vaguely had the aura of a king that could pierce through the heavens and earth. He was completely different from the baby who wholeheartedly assisted the Emperor Of Heaven three days ago, and who would not obey the Calming Immortal Department no matter what.

"How is it?

In this illusion, you may have experienced a dream, but the heart of all living things is real. How do you feel now? "Gu Chensha looked at the young man in front of him.

"It's really like a dream, and people's hearts are hard to fathom. The world is actually so interesting. What's interesting isn't the various materials, but the human heart. The richness of the human heart far surpasses everything else." The young man sighed.

When one reached an extremely high realm, in reality, many treasures and riches could be created from the chaos using one's own power. However, some things in the human heart could not be created. Hence, the prosperity that the Punisher Heavenly King spoke of was not the prosperity of the Great Fen Dynasty, but the thoughts of hundreds of billions of people, far surpassing everything else.

"In that case, are you willing to join my Calming Immortal Department?" Gu Chensha asked.

"I'm willing."

At this moment, the young man who was the Punisher Heavenly King pondered for a while. "I've already grown in this illusion, and I've reconsidered. Since the Great Burning Heavenly King and the Innocuous Heavenly King both have their own plans and ambitions, I should have some as well. Moreover, the Emperor Heaven has yet to be born, and I don't know how the future will develop. From the looks of it now, the Calming Immortal Department is the best choice. Perhaps, the Calming Immortal Department can really replace the future Heavenly Court and change the Mandate of Heaven."

"Very well, from now on, you shall be called Gu Xingjian." Gu Chensha said, "Us third generation people all have the name 'sword'."

The second generation was named after 'sand', and the third generation was named after 'sword'. For example, Gu Changjian, Gu Tanjian.

The current Gu Xingjian's identity was the Punisher Heavenly King, and he was given this name. This made Dou Yiyu immediately understand the truth of the matter.

"Gu Chensha, you gave him this name, so it's clear that he's your son. You've done something to me."

Dou Yiyu completely proved one thing. "Also, the Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha and my father, the Three Great Heavenly Venerables, were they all fake? Were they illusions created by you?" "That's right."

Gu Chensha smiled faintly. "When you escaped, the Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha, the Three Great Heavenly Venerables, and even the Great Burning Heavenly King were all illusions created by me. However, if you hadn't realized it in time, even if you escaped and found the Three Great Heavenly Venerables, your fate would have been much worse." "Now that things have come to this, there's no other way out. I can only walk this path to the end."

Dou Yiyu said, "I want to see if you have the ability to subdue the Emperor Heaven, change the future, and become the overlord of everything."

"I don't want to be an overlord. I want to be the guide of all living beings. Everyone is an overlord, and everyone is the Heavenly Dao."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "This is a realm that you won't be able to understand. However, it doesn't matter. Even I'm trying to find this path." Just then, the Punisher Heavenly King, Gu Xingjian, started the sacrificial prayer. Weng …

A huge amount of fate energy and the purest sacrificial power collided and transformed. All of a sudden, it was injected into the Little Hongmeng Tree of the Celestial Tranquility Department. There were many fruits on the Little Hongmeng Tree, and each fruit was a unique world. One of them was a Fruit World, which was filled with sacrificial power.

Just then, the Punisher Heavenly King, Gu Xingjian's sacrificial power was injected into it. Immediately, the fruit shone brightly and expanded rapidly. Then, the sacrificial power within the fruit was transferred to the roots of the Little Hongmeng Tree. The Little Hongmeng Tree started to expand, and more worlds were born on it.

"Very good."

Gu Chensha's God State Gourd communicated with the Little Hongmeng Tree to purify the sacrificial power within. At the same time, due to the Punisher Heavenly King's submission, the huge amount of fate gathered on his body. In that instant, he broke through some unknown variable and rose to the Dao Realm 34 Transformation, Controlling Fate.

He had subdued the Punisher Heavenly King, which meant that he had won a crucial step in the battle against the future Heavenly Court. The Nine Heavenly Kings were the core higher-ups of the future Heavenly Court. The Punisher Heavenly King occupied some of the fate energy in the Heavenly Court. With the addition of this Heavenly King, Gu Chensha was able to comprehend the changes in his own fate energy. Instantly, he felt like he had broken through the calculations of the Heavenly Dao. Mobile users, please browse M. Read for a better reading experience.