Chapter 927
===========

"I don't think it's possible. I really can't think of a way to survive without absorbing energy. That's been the truth since ancient times. Can he overturn the truth? "

"Rumor has it that he comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra, which allows him to extract power from his soul. Not only can he feed himself, but he can also enrich the world. But no matter how I look at it, it's just nonsense.

We have to survive to have the power of the soul, so the most important thing is our lives. If we want to live, we have to absorb nutrients from the outside. "

"I don't think it's possible either. It's definitely nonsense. The world won't allow such a thing to happen. People who live in this world are either raised by nature or raised by their parents. They all need to absorb external resources to survive. Not relying on external resources is the demonic path of the demonic path. It's even more ridiculous than the demonic path." "Let's find a chance to escape and go to the human world to cultivate." "How can we find the human world?"

"Of course I have a way. The human world is about to form. There's news that experts are hoping to enter and perform sacrifices to expand the human world. If we enter the human world, we'll be able to obtain the greatest benefits. Although the human world is nominally the human world, it's actually filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons. Many experts who don't want to go to the immortal world, the divine world, the underworld, the demon world, and the heavenly court can hide in the human world."

"Rumor has it that after the Human Realm condenses into a physical form, there are indeed countless opportunities. The Divine Continent and the Four Wastelands are already a pool of stagnant water. It's better for us to leave immediately.

"You're leaving now? I want to stay a bit longer.

Think about it. There are countless opportunities in the calamity. Gu Chensha and the imperial court have collected countless treasures, powerful techniques, and wealth. If we can steal the wealth of the imperial court, we'll have many unexpected gains. " "You're really bold. You want to steal the things of the imperial court?"

"Why not? The imperial court is going to fall sooner or later. Countless hungry wolves are eyeing us. If we get some opportunities, it's not impossible for us to rise to the top in a single step. The imperial court's perverse actions will definitely lead to disaster." "Since that's the case, we have to work together and think of some ideas."

Gu Chensha's divine thoughts shrouded the Divine Land and the Four Wilds. For a moment, countless thoughts came to Gu Chensha. What the minds of billions of people were thinking, what they were preparing to do, and even what changes would happen in the future were all calculated in Gu Chensha's mind.

In prehistoric times, there were all sorts of artificial intelligences that could perform calculations on behalf of humans. The most powerful artificial intelligences was naturally the God System. But now, Gu Chensha's calculations had surpassed the God System. He was on a whole new level. This was a level that had gradually surpassed the Heavenly Dao.

"In the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds, there are more than 78,936,498,332 billion living beings, and the population is still increasing. Among these people, basically eighty percent of them have strange thoughts, and fifteen percent of them are in a state of panic. Only five percent of them slightly approve of the imperial court, but their loyalty is far from it. For the people who are loyal to the imperial court and the nearly eight trillion living beings in the world, it's pitifully small, not even one-thousandth of them."

Gu Chensha did some calculations and came up with a series of huge numbers. These numbers were constantly changing.

Originally, there were only about 4 trillion people in the world. But as more and more people poured in, the number increased every day. Some God-level masters, Saints, and even Celestial Lords entered the Divine Land and the Four Wilds. They brought with them the population of an entire world, which was why the population was increasing so quickly.

"80% of the people who have strange thoughts change their minds very quickly. As long as the great ceremony starts, I can control the situation and make an example of them. Then, I can suppress the hearts of the people and change them. Once the hearts of the people change, it will snowball." Gu Chensha observed the changes in the hearts of the people. He knew all their thoughts like the back of his hand.

Just like that, he integrated all of his thoughts into the hearts of the people. Gradually, he entered some kind of unfathomable and unknown realm. The Dragonless Heart Sutra changed slightly again. Hum … The entire Divine Land and the Four Wilds were changing unknowingly.

In the wilds, a few masters who had just entered the Divine Land and the Four Wilds suddenly noticed that the entire Divine Land and the Four Wilds seemed to have changed slightly. "Look, there was originally no light outside the Divine Land and the Four Wilds' crystal wall. All light and heat were controlled within the crystal wall. But now, it seems that the entire crystal wall is wriggling, releasing light and heat." "Yes. Is this the reason why the power of the Divine Land and the Four Wilds has increased?"

"It's possible. I always feel that the Divine Prefecture looks different from the Four Wastelands. From the outside, it seems to have become crystal clear, as if it will transcend this world at any time and reach another layer of space. I don't know if you guys feel the same?" "Yes, that's what I feel."

At the same time, in another place in the Heavenly Realm, it was still pitch-black, but a faint light could be seen. That light contained many people.

Among them were Chaotic Heavenly King, Daluo Heavenly King, East Flower Heavenly King, Wisdom Heavenly King, Chaotic Demonic Ape, The Great Spirit God, Maha, and others.

At this time, Chaotic Demonic Ape and The Great Spirit God were creating the Demon Realm and the Divine Realm, while Maha was creating the Demon Realm.

They activated the seeds of the Demon Realm, the Divine Realm, and the Demon Realm to absorb the continents of the Heavenly Realm.

Many of the continents of the Heavenly Realm were absorbed. From the outside, the Heavenly Realm looked like it was full of holes, as if it had been dug. As these people excavated and plundered, the Heavenly Realm would collapse sooner or later.

"Why hasn't the Lord of the Immortal Realm and the Lord of the Human Realm come out yet?"

Wisdom Heavenly King said, "In the future, the core of all the worlds will be the Human Realm. If the Lord of the Human Realm doesn't activate it, I'm afraid our plan won't come to fruition."

"Don't worry, the Lord of the Human Realm has appeared. The power of the Human Realm is ready to fuse chaos and the Spiritual Realm. Next, when the Heavenly Realm collapses, all the wreckage will be absorbed into it, and then fuse with the myriad worlds to create a Human Realm that is even larger than the Heavenly Realm.

The Lord of the Human Realm is the most important minister of the Heavenly Court, and the son of Emperor Heaven King. "

Chaotic Heavenly King said, "As for the Lord of the Immortal Realm, he has also appeared, but he still has to go through a tribulation."

"Lord Chaotic Heavenly King, I heard that the seed of the Immortal Realm has fallen into the hands of a person called Nangong Xun, who also obtained the Chaotic Sky Pillar. Is he the Lord of the Immortal Realm?" The Great Spirit God, who had the seed of the Divine Realm, suddenly asked.

"Nangong Xun is not the Lord of the Immortal Realm. In the future, no one like him will appear, so he is just a transition, a tribulation. The reason why the Emperor Heaven King gave him the seed of the Immortal Realm and the Chaotic Sky Pillar by chance is that he wants the Immortal Realm to eventually gather and use it as fertilizer."

Chaotic Heavenly King said, "In the future, the Immortal Realm will also be a reserve for the Human Realm, assisting the Heavenly Court in controlling the Human Realm." "What about Xu Ziyu? He seems to be extraordinary, actually becoming the number one aristocratic family under Yongchō. "

God Maha also said, "I heard that he helped Gu Chensha in this operation, but he also seems to be ambitious. Is he friend or foe?"

"He is also someone who has never appeared in the future. Ever since Gu Taxian became entangled with the Heavenly Dao, countless changes have occurred, and people who didn't exist in the future have appeared one after another.

But now that the Emperor Heaven King has appeared, he will finally set things right, and eliminate all these people one by one, so that the future will continue to follow the trajectory of the Heavenly Dao. The future must not be derailed, or the consequences will be unimaginable. "

Chaotic Heavenly King looked at the radiant divine continent and the Four Wilds, and his expression suddenly changed. "Strange, why did the divine continent and the Four Wilds suddenly become much brighter? What's going on?

Look, with so many people pouring in, the Imperial Court gradually lost control of the situation. As the spiritual energy, immortal energy, and primordial chaos disappeared, the people inside could no longer cultivate.

The hearts of the people had lost their will to submit to him. This was a separation of heart and virtue, and there was no longer any chance.

Then, as the human heart decays, it will gradually contaminate the entire world's crystal wall. Once the crystal wall decays, Gu Dusha will lose his cultivation base and die. Even if he doesn't die, his cultivation base will be greatly reduced, and he will be suppressed and refined by us.

But now, the crystal wall, which was already starting to be polluted, has become even more transparent. What exactly did Gu Dusha comprehend? " Chaotic Heavenly King's face was filled with fear, as if his plan had completely failed.

As the leader of the Nine Heavenly Kings, his cultivation was the highest, and he could suppress all demons, immortals, and gods. The Emperor Heaven King wasn't here, and the Sun-Moon Lord was divided between Long Xiangtian and the woman called Liu Chansha. So, among the officials of the Heavenly Court, he was actually the leader, and he was in charge.

In order to corrupt the hearts of the people, and cause them to be disloyal to the Imperial Court, he had corrupted the greyspace of the divine continent and the Four Wilds. God knew how many plots he had plotted, how many people he had drawn to his side, and how many tricks he had played among the people. But now, it seemed like all of it had been for nothing. These plots were not worth mentioning in the face of Gu Chensha's absolute power.

The greyspace of the divine continent and the Four Wilds hadn't been corrupted, nor had it been corrupted. Instead, it was becoming more and more resplendent, crystalline, and everlasting.