Chapter 364
===========

The Demon Domain had countless spatial dimensions, layer upon layer, and no one knew how deep they were. This was the so-called multiple layers of hell.

God Maha was in charge of suppressing the demons in Hell and not letting them come to the Endless Land.

Of course, God Maha was the King of Hell and the King of the Evil Gods, so naturally, his role in teaching the demons was delayed. Thus, he left all sorts of marks and treasures in the depths of Hell.

The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor was a god of good and evil. Good and evil, right and wrong were not important to him. Everything would go according to his will. Hence, since ancient times, the devil calamities that occurred were inextricably linked to him. But naturally, he wasn't willing to be suppressed and left behind many methods.

Jing Qiu calculated this and was willing to be the vanguard. Naturally, he would receive the support of many experts. That way, he would be able to obtain the methods left behind by those experts.

This Ten Hells Reincarnation Sword Talisman, with the speed of Jing Qiu's undying body of 25 transformations, it directly hit Zhuge Ya. Zhuge Ya was hit. Jing Qiu used his own technique to grab Zhuge Ya and refine him.

His technique turned into a giant hand that pressed down, causing the world to spin and the sun and moon to lose their light. The black hand hung high in the air like it was stealing all the light in the world, causing the world to sink and the world to be destroyed. This was Jing Qiu's true ability. The ability that he cultivated was pure and extreme.

"Zhuge Ya, I'll let you see the true fist technique that I've been studying for a hundred years. The Fist of World Overturning and Overturning Heaven and Earth." At this moment, he seemed to have become a ruthless overlord who could throw the universe into chaos.

When the Heavens unleashed their killing intent, the Stars Shift. When the Earth Technique unleashed their killing intent, the Stars Shift. When the Man unleashed his killing intent, the Earth Overturned. Jing Qiu comprehended the Chaotic World Dao. His fist was also the Chaotic World Fist.

"Only in chaotic times will heroes emerge. Only when the world is never at peace is the way to progress. Since ancient times, the Divine Prefecture cannot be peaceful forever. The path of chaos is the path of cruelty, the path of elimination."

Jing Qiu pressed down with his palm. "Lord of Seven Stars, today I will use your blood as a sacrifice to my Dao of Chaos. Chaos is the foundation of eternal prosperity." The punch fell. Zhuge Ya was about to turn into dust.

However, a lamp suddenly appeared above his head. It was ancient, and bronze in color. Flames rose up from it, and inside of the flames were seven stars. They seemed to contain power that had existed since time immemorial.

"Seven Star Lamp."

Zhuge Ya only said those three words, and the lantern's power contained an unparalleled prayer power. It absorbed the sword qi in his body, and at the same time, it blocked the Chaotic World Punch.

Jing Qiu's Undying Body had reached the twenty-fifth transformation of the Dao Realm. When he used the Chaotic World Punch, he could rend mountains and rivers, form rivers, crush mountains, and overturn oceans.

However, when the fist power landed on the Seven Star Lamp, it was like it had fallen into a quagmire. It sank deep into the ground, and all of its power vanished. Zhuge Ya had completely recovered his strength.

"This is my magical art. It's called the Seven Star Prayer Art. I use my magic power to form the Seven Star Lamp, and I pray to the ancient seven stars in the sky. I receive boundless life energy, and I have a true undying body.

Furthermore, after the Hundred Worlds Festival, I can sense the power of the seven stars in the sky even more intensely. As long as the seven stars aren't destroyed, I won't die. "

Zhuge Ya said coolly, "God Maha's cultivation base is that of the Wretch God King, but he's no match for His Majesty. Your Chaotic World Punch has some ideas, but it's too bad it hasn't reached a supreme level." Jing Qiu's face fell. He finally understood how terrifying the Lord of Seven Stars was. The Lord of Seven Stars' cultivation base had reached a level he couldn't even begin to imagine.

He had never guessed that the current Zhuge Ya wasn't just the Lord of Seven Stars, but rather the combined wisdom and experience of two generations of Lords of Seven Stars. If Zhuge Ya truly obtained the legacy of the World-Burying Coffin, that would be his true achievement.

"Zhuge Ya, I admit you're strong this time." Jing Qiu was already thinking about retreating.

"You want to retreat?"

Zhuge Ya laughed. "You plotted a rebellion, threw the world into chaos, and harbored evil intentions. You even ordered Jing Fanxing to assassinate a grand prince. Starting today, the Jing Clan is exterminated.

I'm confident that I can truly destroy your undying body. Right now, the workings of heaven are in chaos, and it's hard to divine the future. If you behave yourself and wait and see what happens, you'll be able to protect yourself. No one will be able to do anything to you. Given your undying body's cultivation base, and in a hundred years, you'll be able to close the gap between the Jing Clan and the Sage Clans. But you're too impatient for success, and you're even crazier than Jing Fanxing. Jing Fanxing entered the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth to cultivate, wasting his lifespan and abandoning his potential.

You, on the other hand, are throwing away your future and your life. Is everyone in the Jing Clan like this? Do you really have a gambling nature? "

"Zhuge Ya, you can't keep me here." Jing Qiu suddenly transformed into a golden streak of light as he prepared to flee.

Unfortunately, the situation suddenly changed. The power of the stars in the surroundings formed chains that blocked Jing Qiu.

Jing Qiu's body trembled. Countless golden lightning bolts exploded in the air, wanting to blast away the power of the stars and escape.

But the power of the stars surged into the form of earthy yellow lotuses. These lotuses completely sealed off the area. This was really giving him a taste of his own medicine.

"You used the Central Wutu Great Virtue Flag to seal off the area and prevent me from escaping. Now, I'll use the power of the flag to seal you. Let's see how you can break free.

There's no rush. We can take our time and fight. Once we're done, His Highness should have killed Jing Fanxing and arrested everyone in the Jing Clan. He'll punish you according to the law. "Zhuge Ya waved his feather fan." Are you feeling very anxious right now? " "Do you really think I don't have any other tricks up my sleeve?"

Jing Qiu turned around and cast aside all distracting thoughts. He knew that today was going to be a dangerous day. Zhuge Ya, the Lord of Seven Stars, was much more scheming than he was. As far as Jing Qiu could tell, Zhuge Ya was only at the twenty-first transformation of the Dao Realm. He was far weaker than Jing Qiu, and wasn't a match for him at all. When it came to scheming, Zhuge Ya couldn't compare to him. But now it seemed he had completely failed. Every step was in Zhuge Ya's grasp. There was nothing he could do about it.

He hadn't taken into account the World-Burying Coffin. If he had, things wouldn't have turned out this way.

The World-Burying Coffin belonged to Jiang Gongwang. He had used a secret art to conceal the workings of the heavens and suppress the profundities of the seven stars within. He had to wholeheartedly fight against Zhuge Ya, or he would perish here today.

One wrong step led to many wrong steps. Now the Wutu Great Virtue Flag had become Zhuge Ya's, and Zhuge Ya had also obtained the North Star bloodline, allowing the power of the Common People's Wish sphere to reach its full potential. As a result, Zhuge Ya had completely reversed some of the loopholes.

"Come on, Jing Qiu. Let me see just how many tricks you have up your sleeve. How dare you throw the world into chaos?"

Zhuge Ya knew that in order to suppress Jing Qiu, he would have to use some tricks. After all, Jing Qiu probably had other tricks up his sleeve. He had to suppress him at all costs. At that moment. Jing Prefecture's governor's mansion.

Gu Chensha was slowly flipping through the files and calculating Jing Prefecture's government affairs, soldiers, provisions, security, cases, population, commerce, river transport, and land transport …

He was multitasking, and as he calculated, he felt that Jing Prefecture could be run better. This was the start of familiarizing himself with government affairs. After all, he was much better than Han Wuqin, and if he learned a bit and put in some effort, he would naturally be able to do better than Han Wuqin. Buzz …

He seemed to have gained some insights. At that moment, the space above his head split open and a stream of earthy yellow blood flowed into his body.

"North Star bloodline!"

Gu Chensha opened his eyes and instantly understood everything. "Hahaha, Mister Zhuge has made a move. I didn't expect him to have such great power to be able to use the World-Burying Coffin. However, he can only use it a few times. This is Jiang Gongwang's power."

The North Star Bloodline was the law of the earth. After fusing with Gu Chensha's body, the White Tiger Bloodline, Vermillion Bird Bloodline, North Star Bloodline, and Black Tortoise Bloodline began to circulate, and boundless power began to flow through his body. Kacha kacha. His body reached a certain level of strength like it was about to transform.

But he suppressed that urge and calmed his soul. "Next, I don't need to reach Dao Realm Transformation 20. I just need to get the Green Dragon bloodline. Jing Fanxing has the Green Dragon bloodline. As long as I kill him and extract the bloodline, I will be able to gather North Star, Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Xuanwu together. I will form my body and reach a supreme realm. Only then will I be able to control the Guardian King Ritual's King of Spells."

Since Jing Qiu was restricted by Zhuge Ya, without the strongest person, killing Jing Fanxing would be much easier.

Jing Fanxing's cultivation had never been Gu Chensha's match before. Now that Gu Chensha had obtained the North Star Bloodline, his strength had increased once again. The North Star Clan was the ancestor of all demons. As the Laws of Earth circulated in his body, his Connate Stellar Qi and the power of his Nascent Spirit became even more vigorous. There was a fundamental change. Moreover, his body seemed to have reached a realm where no technique could be broken.

"Common People's Wish."

Gu Chensha used the power of the Common People's Wish ball and all the mountains and rivers in Jing Province appeared in his mind. Moreover, he knew where Jing Fanxing was right away. Sou! His body flew up and rushed towards where Jing Fanxing was.

Actually, he could rip open space and appear in front of Jing Fanxing. Jing Province's Jing Family didn't have a treasure like the Common People's Wish ball, so they couldn't stop him.

But using the ball to rip open space consumed a lot of the ball's power. Unless it was a crucial moment, Gu Chensha wouldn't use it.

He did some calculations. Every time he tore through space to teleport, it would consume five to seven days worth of energy from the Life's Wish sphere. If he used it a few more times, it would slow down the sphere's evolution, and it would not be worth it.