Chapter 781
===========

Translator: Exodus Tales Editor: Exodus Tales Liu Yu, Qian Zhen, Zhou Bu, Jia Liang, and Mo Chao had now become the gods of the five seasons. They rotated the five seasons, spring, summer, hot autumn, and winter. They moved the ancient five seasons into the dimensional realm's Common People's Wish sphere.

After the Five Seasons changed within the sphere, all sorts of solar terms were born, and the growth of all things became more orderly. All sorts of spirit herbs were born, and even the vitality of animals was no longer chaotic. In fact, even the minds of the living beings living within the sphere had stabilized.

If there was no colorful changing of seasons in a world, the creatures living in it would feel monotonous over time. Loneliness would form in their hearts, and it would be extremely disadvantageous to their cultivation. In the end, they might even go crazy.

Only a rich and colorful life could nourish the hearts of all living beings, making them feel comfortable and comfortable. This was the best environment for them. This was the meaning behind the gods of the five seasons joining the Common People's Wish sphere.

Now, the living beings living in this sphere had the three perfect lives of fortune, prosperity, and longevity. Their production and accumulation abilities far surpassed those of other dimensional realms.

It could be said that even the dimensional realms created by Wan Senshi, the Immortal Master, and the three Empyreans, which had been accumulating since ancient times, might not be able to compare to the Calming Xian Department's dimensional realm.

The Calming Xian Department hadn't been cultivating this dimensional realm for many years, but it was comparable to those old fogies who had been accumulating for tens of thousands of years. This was destiny. They had grasped this opportunity.

"In a few more years, our dimensional realm will begin to evolve into a boundless realm."

As Lou Baiyue looked at the changes occurring in the dimensional realm, he couldn't help but sigh, "This is also thanks to the fact that 14 of the 36 Endless Treasures have fallen into the hands of our Celestial Calmness Division.

"We need to collect more Endless Treasures."

Gu Chensha was not satisfied. "This is the only way to restrain the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha. Although I took away one-tenth of this person's origin, the remaining 90% is still very terrifying. If his cultivation increases again, he can activate the power of the Heavenly Dao and Father Emperor and completely fuse them. At that time, we won't be able to resist unless I become a Sage or even a Celestial Lord."

As Gu Chensha spoke, he waved his hand and hundreds of powerful magic tools flew out. They gathered into a beam of light that wandered through the dimensional realm.

All of these treasures were connate spirit-treasures, primeval treasures. They had been collected from the Xingqiong clan's treasury, refined by the ancient Son of Heaven, and created by many True Gods. In short, what kind of foresight did the Xing Qiong clan have?

The treasures that he was interested in were all existences that could shake the heavens and the earth. Compared to the treasures that Gu Chensha had obtained from many aristocratic families, the quality was much better.

The Xingqiong clan's treasury had been plundered clean by Gu Chensha, and the Celestial Calmness Department's haul surpassed any other time in history. Not even the Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang's treasure trove had this much.

Although Jiang Gongwang was the Lord of Seven Stars' assistant to the Son of Heaven, he wasn't a celestial. He was at the peak of the Dao Realm's thirty-six transformations. The power of the treasures he could create was limited.

However, Xing Qiongshi was different. He was once at the Heavenly Longevity Realm, surpassing the Empyrean Realm, unrivaled throughout the heavens. The treasures he could create and obtain naturally far surpassed Jiang Gongwang's.

These hundreds of primeval treasures all surpassed the Wanxiang Shattering Staff. It could be said that even if dozens of Saint aristocratic families and the Profound Immortal Dao Gate were combined, they still wouldn't be able to find so many treasures of such quality.

The treasures turned into streaks of light that danced in the air for a moment before being absorbed by the little Hongmeng Tree.

After absorbing so many treasures, the little Hongmeng Tree couldn't help but shine with light, causing spacetime to ripple. Countless runes began to flow within it. Gu Chensha hung the Divine Prefecture Gourd up.

Streams of preheaven essence were poured into the Divine Prefecture Gourd, making it even more agile and ethereal. It was completely different from the Xing Qiong clan's style.

"The Divine Prefecture Gourd's power is probably above that of the Immortal-Slaying God-Executing Gourd."

Zhuge Ya clicked his tongue in praise. "We used the Xing Qiong clan's body and treasures to refine the Divine Prefecture Gourd using the power of the Divine Prefecture.

This power is enough to devour countless Demon Regions. Even if the True Gods in the sky break out of their seals due to the tremors of heaven and earth, they won't be able to threaten us. "

"This gourd isn't complete yet. The Xing Qiong clan's will is still within it, refusing to submit or change its mind. I still need to find a treasure to suppress it. The Immortal-Slaying God-Executing Gourd is the strongest treasure that the Hongmeng Tree can condense, and it's the only one of its kind. Its power is far beyond this. It's not much weaker than an Endless treasure, and it has many other mysteries within it. It can even evolve continuously.

I need to obtain this gourd, refine it, and fuse it with the Divine Prefecture Gourd. Only then will I be able to reach the peak. "

Gu Chensha had everything planned out. "Right now, we have many things to do, but the most important thing is to rescue Chang Weiyang." "Did Chang Weiyang really die?" Lou Baiyue asked hurriedly.

"More or less, but she didn't die completely."

Gu Chensha said, "According to my calculations, when she ascended to the Heavenly Venerable Realm, the three Heavenly Venerables used their power to destroy her origin, and only a remnant soul was left, which was completely imprisoned. Right now, she's hovering between the dead and the undead. Actually, you can say that she's already dead, but as long as she cultivates to the Saint Realm, there's a chance for her to be resurrected, as long as there's enough sacrificial power to exchange with the Heavenly Daos. However, in the future, when the Heavenly Daos weaken, I'm afraid that even if there's enough sacrificial power, the dead won't be able to be resurrected. So, we need to hurry. We need to obtain Chang Weiyang's remnant soul! Then, we can restore her power. "

"That's right. Before the Heavenly Daos weakened, they were omnipotent. With sacrificial power, they could do anything. But now that the Heavenly Daos have weakened, some Saints, like the Dharma Saint, have taken the opportunity to resurrect, taking advantage of a loophole. But as the Heavenly Daos continue to weaken, the situation might be completely different. Those who died now can't be resurrected, and those who died in the past can be released.

Chaos, the entire world is in chaos. "Heavenly Master Martial Saint shook his head." I can't predict what the world will be like in the future. " "Let's obtain the Immortal Killing Gourd and save Chang Weiyang at the same time."

Gu Chensha thought for a while. "However, before that, I have to do something to stabilize people's hearts. Although the Mysterious Sect of the Universe has surrendered to us, we didn't intervene in the internal affairs of the Mysterious Sect. Now that Chang Weiyang has disappeared for a long time without any news, if it's spread that she was murdered, the entire Mysterious Sect of the Universe will be restless. So, I have to resurrect Chang Yuzhou now." "Resurrect Saints!" Tai Xuandu was also present. "Your Highness, can you resurrect Saints at will now? Then, can Taiyi Heavenly Lord, the founder of our Taiyi Fantasy Sect, be resurrected too? Even Patriarch Heaven and Earth has been resurrected. Taiyi Heavenly Lord should be resurrected. "

Tai Xuandu was the sect master of Taiyi Fantasy Sect. Naturally, he wanted to resurrect Patriarch Heaven and increase the strength of Taiyi Fantasy Sect.

One had to know that Taiyi Heavenly Lord was a true ancient Heavenly Lord level powerhouse. He was plotted against by the three Heavenly Lords and fell. However, no matter what, he could resurrect by taking advantage of the weakened Heavenly Dao.

"I can resurrect a Saint now, but I still need to rely on the power of the sacrifices of the entire nation. With my own strength, it will be very difficult. But I can't resurrect an Empyrean, unless I go one step further and cultivate to the Saint Realm. At that time, the things I comprehend will be different. Perhaps if we work together, we can do it."

Gu Chensha said, "Now, we have two Heavenly Lords in the Tranquil Immortal Department, many God-level cultivators, as well as the Three Grand Dukes and Eight Marquises of the Endless Thirty-six Treasures, and Uncle Wen.

Apart from that, there are also the God of Longevity, the God of Five Seasons, the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermilion Bird, and the Black Tortoise. There are also some reincarnated stars, peerless geniuses, and geniuses … If I gather the power of sacrifices from these people and extract it, I can create some power to resurrect Heavenly Lords. However, if I want to complete the last step, I still need something crucial. " Rumble! Gu Chensha made a grabbing motion.

Suddenly, within the dimensional realm's sphere, there was a special space to store the power of sacrifices. A huge amount of sacrificial power was controlled by Gu Chensha and turned into a ball of light. Gu Chensha poured his own power into it and began to extract it. Many of the impurities in one's mind were extracted and processed. Gradually, this ball of light became very pure. It faintly turned into a shadow of Chang Yuzhou. Gu Chensha began his own sacrifice.

His sacrificial power was pure and boundless. It was carried by the power of the Heavenly Daos, and could communicate with the Heavenly Daos. This was the same as Gu Chensha.

After gathering the huge sacrificial power, Gu Chensha waved his hand and the sacrificial power fused into the depths of the Heavenly Dao and disappeared.

Then, the huge sacrificial power caused a long roar. In the void, countless wills were released and gradually gathered into a shadow. It was Chang Yuzhou.

The founder of the Black Gate of the Universe, the first person to rebel against the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth, Chang Yuzhou, had actually been resurrected.

He had long since made arrangements on Gu Chensha's body. He had once passed on all his memories and cultivation experience to Gu Chensha so that Gu Chensha's cultivation would be nourished.

"Thank you for your help, Your Highness, for resurrecting me."

As soon as Chang Yuzhou was resurrected, he knew what had happened. He bowed to Gu Chensha. "I never thought that in just a few short years, Your Highness would be able to resurrect me and allow me to be reborn. This is the best opportunity in the great calamity."