Chapter 742
===========

The Great Spirit God had chosen this critical moment to launch a sneak attack on Gu Chensha.

He was one of the biggest enemies of the Celestial Tranquility Department, and Gu Chensha had always been on guard against him. However, he had never guessed that Fa Wuxian would be in cahoots with him.

This meant that Fa Wuxian had betrayed the Dharma Saint, and was willing to work with a tiger to escape the Dharma Saint's control.

The news that the Great Spirit God and the Voodoo Ancestor had worked together to devour the Voodoo Ancestor had caused the devil-god's death had spread, and no one had ever been willing to work with The Great Spirit God again. They all knew that working with him was extremely dangerous, and that there was a 100% chance that they would be devoured, and then killed in body and soul. Fa Wuxian didn't believe in such a thing, and had actually chosen to work with The Great Spirit God. However, this was Fa Wuxian's only chance.

His fight with Gu Chensha had been a complete and utter failure. He had gone back on his word, and had called for help. If the Great Spirit God hadn't helped him, he would have been captured and refined by Gu Chensha. The Great Spirit God's hand suddenly appeared, and was already on Gu Chensha's body.

Given the level of the Great Spirit God's cultivation base, Gu Chensha definitely wouldn't stand a chance.

The Great Spirit God's current cultivation base was no weaker than that of the immortal lord, Wan Senshi, and other peerless old-timers and primal-chaos paleo-creatures.

He was definitely in the Heavenly Longevity Realm. Even if he didn't use his full power to launch a sneak attack, Gu Chensha wouldn't be able to handle it. However, just as The Great Spirit God launched his sneak attack … A golden medallion appeared on Gu Chensha's body. Written on the medallion were the words: "As Our Majesty Comes Personally." Boundless majesty comparable to the Heavenly Dao appeared on the golden token.

The golden light shone brightly and within the layers of light, an incomparably tall figure appeared. This figure was extremely similar to the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor.

The projection of the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor stretched out his hand, freezing The Great Spirit God's palm in the air. After that, the palm of the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor directly pierced into the depths of space, wanting to search for The Great Spirit God's true body, wanting to destroy his fundamental will. Ah!

The Great Spirit God let out a furious roar, as though he had miscalculated something. Suddenly, his hand broke off in mid-air. He had actually cut off his wrist. Abandoning this palm, he disappeared without a trace.

At this time, the projection of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had already dissipated, turning back into a token that represented the authority of the imperial court. Whoosh! Lou Baiyue appeared here, and the gold medal was already in her hands.

She moved her hands and layers of light shot out from the golden token. The light swept over and locked onto the palm of the Great Spirit God.

Then, she struck out layers of seals to absorb the palm of the Great Spirit God into her body like she wanted to refine it into her own.

"This time, the Mighty Miracle God was ambushed by us. Even the palm of his main body was cut off. The palm of his main body contains the essence energy of the Heaven Longevity Realm and the essence of the Witch Ancestor of the Heaven Longevity Realm. If I absorb it and refine it, it will be easy for me to reach the Saint Realm. " A satisfied expression appeared on Lou Baiyue's face.

"You can actually learn to use the strength of the golden token?" Gu Chensha was a little shocked.

Now, Lou Baiyue's cultivation was still at the 30th transformation, World Creation. But she was about to reach the 31st transformation, Void Creation. At this realm, Lou Baiyue would be even more terrifying. She would probably be able to sweep all experts below the Heaven Venerable Realm.

"After I advanced to God Realm, I comprehended some fundamental theories. When I use the Great Massacre God Technique, I can use the power of our sacrifices and inject it into the golden token to activate unparalleled power."

Lou Baiyue sighed and said, "However, the power of worship absorbed by this golden plate is too fierce. Just the moment it drove the Mighty Miracle God away just now, it consumed at least a year's worth of worship savings."

Right now, the entire Calming Immortal Department grasped great authority in the imperial court. The power of the sacrifices and prayers produced by more than twenty billion people at every moment was absorbed by the World Tree and stored. It was shockingly great.

Most of this power was used to maintain the operation of the medium-sized and small-sized worlds. The rest was stored as backup.

The operation of a medium-sized world consumed a lot of sacrificial power. If there weren't a large number of people sacrificing, not to mention a medium-sized world, even a small-sized world would slowly wither. Moreover, if a medium-sized world wanted to expand, it would need even more sacrificial power.

Now, Lou Baiyue had comprehended the mysteries of the golden token. As long as she injected enough sacrificial power, she would be able to display a power that could destroy heaven and earth.

To a certain extent, the nature of the golden token was even stronger than the Heaven Sacrificial Decree.

This was because the Heaven Talisman Emperor had written the words' man conquers the heavens' and merged it into the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. This allowed Gu Chensha to have half of the power of the decree.

Even now, as long as Wu Dang Kong performed the ritual, Gu Chensha would get half of it. However, Wu Dang Kong had never performed the ritual before. It was as if he had completely understood the other powers of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman and was only using it to aid his cultivation. This was also the reason why Wu Dangkong's cultivation progress was a little slow.

After the Ancient Heavenly Sons obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Decree, their cultivation progressed at a terrifying pace. In just a few short years, they were able to dominate the world and become invincible. But Wu Dangkong wasn't invincible yet.

It was because Gu Chensha had restricted her Heaven Sacrificial Decree, causing her to be unable to use it to increase her strength. Otherwise, Wu Dangkong would have already reached an extremely high realm.

"The power of all of our sacrificial wishes is only enough to activate the golden token several dozen times."

Lou Baiyue said, "This time, I knew that The Great Spirit God would make a move, so I secretly observed him. Sure enough, he hid his strength the deepest. But this time, we still managed to kill him. We lost a hand and lost a great deal of origin energy." "Fa Wuxian, what do you think?"

Gu Chensha's hand was still holding the handle of the Infinity Umbrella. "This time, I saved you. Although you didn't follow our rules and secretly summoned The Great Spirit God to attack me, it was fortunate that I was prepared. Otherwise, even if you were saved by The Great Spirit God, your fate would have been worse than falling into my hands. Don't think that The Great Spirit God is a kind person."

"Gu Chensha, I didn't expect you to be so cunning. I won't let you go!" Fa Wuxian's hatred was boiling inside the Infinity Umbrella.

"I'm cunning?

I wanted to fight you fair and square, but unfortunately, you're no match for me. You summoned The Great Spirit God to attack me, but it was blocked by my defense. Now that The Great Spirit God has retreated, let's fight again. "

At this time, Gu Chensha's strength had completely gained the upper hand. The moment The Great Spirit God retreated, Fa Wuxian seemed to have lost all of his confidence. Once he lost his confidence, his strength naturally faded like the tide. This way, Gu Chensha's power began to infiltrate Fa Wuxian, completely subduing him.

Gu Chensha did not break his promise. From the beginning to the end, he had been using his own strength to deal with Fa Wuxian. On the other hand, Fa Wuxian had summoned The Great Spirit God.

Lou Baiyue held the Regal Propria token in her hand, but she did not make a move. Her goal was to deal with The Great Spirit God. She would not intervene in the battle between Fa Wuxian and Gu Chensha.

Now, she saw that Gu Chensha's power was about to refine the Infinity Umbrella and suppress Fa Wuxian's willpower. She could not help but nod.

At this time, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue seemed to have sensed something at the same time. They looked into the sky.

This was the depths of the space-time turbulence. Normally, it was impossible for anyone to come here. But now, the space-time turbulence in the distance suddenly split open. A ray of light first appeared, then expanded into a circle of light. A person appeared in the circle of light. This person was the Dharma Saint. As soon as the Dharma Saint appeared, he let out a sigh.

"Dharma Saint, you have finally appeared. I thought that you would not appear and allow me to take away Fa Wuxian."

Gu Chensha was still holding the Infinity Umbrella in his hand. He did not relax at all. He knew that the Dharma Saint would eventually appear.

"Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, how can you let Fa Wuxian go?" the Dharma Saint let out a faint sigh.

"It's very simple. Dharma Saint, if you can give up on your so-called Spirit Demon Plan and exterminate the human race, and join our Tranquil Immortal Department like the Martial Saint, we can eliminate all the demons together, expand the human race, and truly establish an eternal world."

Gu Chensha said, "Eternal, perfect, immortal, everyone is the same. Don't you think that this is the ideal that is truly worth fighting for?"

"That's right, I also have the same idea. That's why I activated the Spirit Demon Plan. Otherwise, the demon nature and spirituality will forever be entangled, and every once in a while, a tribulation will erupt."

The Dharma Saint said, "I will do it to exterminate the demons. However, the human heart also contains the strongest demon and demon. If we do not exterminate the human race, the ignorance and greed in the depths of the human heart will continue, and eventually, countless demons will be born. As long as the human race is not exterminated, the demons will not be exterminated. With your realm, it should not be difficult for you to understand what I am saying.

Don't think that your Tranquil Immortal Department is admired by tens of thousands of people. However, the human heart is unpredictable. Perhaps, as long as there is the slightest disturbance, they will change their minds. At that time, you will be condemned by everyone. At that time, you will know the fickleness of the human heart. " "The fickleness of the human heart is natural, but we can completely grasp it."

Gu Chensha laughed, "Now, let's not talk about these empty things. In short, Dharma Saint, if you don't learn from the Martial Saint, then today, Fa Wuxian will definitely be suppressed and refined by me. Even you won't be able to stop it. The Great Spirit God launched a sneak attack, and we chopped off his hand. Dharma Saint, your cultivation is inferior to the Great Spirit God. Can you really stop me from refining Fa Wuxian?" "I can't."