Chapter 498
===========

"That makes sense. My cultivation is only at the seventh transformation of the Dao Realm. Although the quality of my Xiantian Earth Energy far exceeds that of normal cultivators, compared to the evil concubine, I am just like an ant. I heard many secret rumors among the people that the evil concubine obtained the Heaven Sacrifice Decree and will become the emperor in the future. Is that true?" Qin Han's tone was filled with worry.

With a push of his palm, a stream of pure golden Innate Vigor Qi gushed out from the Laogong Acupoint on his palm like a golden liquid. It was dazzling and seemed to have some extremely sacred nature. The Innate Vigor Qi was formed by countless small runes, and as the runes vibrated with each other, it was accompanied by the sonorous chanting of a great bell. It was thought-provoking like the evening drum and morning bell.

"Amazing!"

Gu Chensha exclaimed, "This Xiantian Earth Energy is really special and has the ability to wipe out demons. It can even purify demons and turn them into protectors."

Originally, Qin Han was just at Dao Realm Transformation Six and had just cultivated the Xiantian Earth Energy.

Now that Gu Chensha used the Heaven Path Technique to activate the Buddha statue, the God Power that surged out nourished his body and allowed him to raise a realm. He jumped from Dao Realm Transformation Six to Transformation Seven. Moreover, the quality and quality of the Xiantian Earth Energy had increased by several levels.

When Gu Chensha was at this realm, his Xiantian Earth Energy quality couldn't be compared to Qin Han's. Moreover, the Buddhist Sect's secret techniques were the best at countering demons.

It was said that in ancient times, the supreme Buddha fought with God Maha and God Maha lost by one move.

But in the end, the Buddha wasn't able to purify God Maha. But from this, one could see that the Buddha's abilities were above God Maha's.

"I need to reach Dao Realm Transformation Twelve, the Soul Snatching Realm, to be able to activate this technique. It is called the Salvation Scripture.

When this scripture is activated, it can purify all living beings lower than me and convert them to me, turning them into protectors.

Furthermore, every time I enlighten a living being, my strength will increase because of that living being. But I am at Dao Realm Transformation Seven, so how will it be easy to reach Transformation Twelve? Without 10 years, I won't be able to touch that door. "Qin Han didn't care and told him his secret.

"Too domineering. This is even more profound than the Mahākāśyapa Mantra."

Gu Chensha sighed in his heart, "This technique is too heaven-defying. No wonder that ancient Buddha disappeared. Thinking about it, just chanting scriptures can purify all living beings. How terrifying.

When normal cultivators reached the Dao Realm 12 Transformation Soul Snatching Realm, they could control cultivators of lower realms. But each person they controlled would consume a portion of their strength. Moreover, the longer they controlled, the more energy they would consume. As long as they retracted their consciousness, they would lose control.

But this Great Scripture of Salvation of All Living Beings is good. It's a permanent control, and after you're under control, the living being's chanting of the scripture will actually increase your power. For example, when Qin Han purified thousands of devils, they would all become his Dharma Protector Vajra. Together, they would activate the scripture and transform even more devils. Wouldn't that be like a rolling snowball? " The secret arts of the Buddhist Sect were indeed terrifying.

"An ordinary cultivator might only be able to advance by one realm in eight to ten years, and it might even be impossible.

Some cultivators might not even be able to step into the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Realm and would die at 100 years old. "

Gu Chensha said, "Leader, there is no need to be anxious. At least compared to normal cultivators, you will have a higher chance of living forever."

"Our Human Dragon Guild is weak and we can't do it without helpers. I can't keep it to myself, so I will take out the Buddhist Sect technique to cultivate with Brother Fang Lin." Qin Han thought about it and said.

"After all, this is Brother Qin Han's technique, so it isn't appropriate for me to cultivate it." Gu Chensha rejected right away.

"Right now, there's no such thing as absolute arts. The Calming Immortal Department has even announced the Dragon Raising Heart Sutra and the Dragon Creation Heart Sutra to the world, hoping that everyone can become a dragon. If I, Qin Han, am afraid of the slightest thing, then wouldn't I be thousands of levels lower than the Calming Immortal Department?

Now that we have offended the evil concubine, we might not be able to keep our lives. The Demon Calamity is about to erupt and the world is filled with demons. If we hesitate, then we will all die. "Qin Han compared himself to Calming Celestial Division and felt that he was more magnanimous.

"If that's the case, then I won't refuse."

Although Gu Chensha didn't lack martial arts techniques, the Buddhist Sect's techniques were also very valuable to him. They were worth studying. Actually, he didn't need Qin Han to teach him and could directly communicate with the Buddha statue. This was because the Buddha statue definitely needed the power of his Heavenly Dao Technique.

This Buddha statue was an almighty figure of the ancient Buddhist Sect, but it wasn't the Gautama Buddha who had founded the Buddhist Sect. Even if this Buddha statue was at its peak, it might not be as powerful as Chang Yuzhou. Even Chang Yuzhou needed his magic power, so this Buddha statue naturally needed it too.

However, this Buddha statue was Qin Han's fate after all. If he took it without telling him, it wouldn't be a good thing. If it was an enemy, then it wouldn't matter. War itself was unscrupulous. However, if it was a friend, then this action would bury karma and hidden dangers. Qin Han moved, and the tiny thousand-hand Buddha statue appeared again. It floated in this secret chamber.

He kept injecting his Innate Gang Qi into it, but the Buddha statue only emitted a small light that enveloped his body. There wasn't any huge spiritual change.

Gu Chensha knew that this ancient Buddha statue was waiting for his Heavenly Dao Art to be injected into it.

Immediately, he secretly injected a trace of the Heavenly Dao Art into Qin Han's body, so that Qin Han could communicate with this ancient Buddha statue. This Heavenly Dao Art's magic power contained his obscure will.

"Ancient Buddhist Sect powerhouse, I can help you awaken and restore some of your spirituality. I've done some research on the Buddhist Sect, and I've already learned the complete Maha Suppression Scripture. Among the scriptures, the most profound and difficult to comprehend is the Maha Nine Questions.

It records the nine questions God Maha asked Buddha. The supreme Gautama Buddha that was born from the Hong Meng Tree can only answer up to the eighth question. "

Gu Chensha's magic power contained his own will, and he communicated with the Buddha statue. "What is your intention in coming out this time?

If it's for the sake of the common people, I don't mind helping you once if you can help me destroy the demons. However, if it's for other motives, then I'll have to suppress it. "

This Buddha statue was just a shell. It contained great divine power, but in Gu Chensha's eyes, it wasn't something that couldn't be suppressed.

He could talk and laugh in front of real gods, and he had even ruthlessly tricked the three divine apes. He was on equal footing with Chang Weiyang, and he had even made a deal with Xing Qiongshi. Even the supreme Gautama Buddha of the ancient times might not be comparable to Xing Qiongshi.

Qin Han only felt his body move. He didn't know where this power came from, but it activated his body. Immediately, the output of Connate Vigor Qi increased thousands of times. In his dantian, a huge white hole seemed to condense, and a huge amount of Connate Vigor Qi kept spurting out, all of it entering the Buddha statue.

He didn't know where this power came from, and he thought it was the power of the Buddha statue itself. In his eyes, Gu Chensha was just looking at the Buddha statue, and he didn't do anything. Buzz …

Suddenly, the Buddha statue exploded with power again, and a mysterious will silently entered Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness.

"The Heavenly Way Technique. It really is the Heavenly Way Technique …" The Buddha statue's will exploded with shock. "There's actually someone in this world who can cultivate this technique. Looks like the times have changed. The great calamity has brewed an unprecedented change, and the world has also changed. I can't see the future clearly, and no one can." "What do you want?" Gu Chensha knew that this Buddha statue could indeed be communicated with.

"To exist," the Buddha statue's will said.

The will of the Buddha statue said, "The ancient Buddhist Sect is no more, and the orthodoxy has collapsed. Go to the depths of time and space, to the ocean of space, and find our foundation. If you can save us, we will fight for you …"

Within this will appeared endless space-time turbulence. Within the turbulence were routes, dimensional nodes, and countless space-time tempests and vortexes. Then, in the deepest depths, there was a place called the Ocean of Emptiness.

"Another one that wants me to revive him."

Gu Chensha sighed. "It seems like the biggest use of cultivating the Heavenly Way Technique is to revive those ancient existences."

"I have a scripture here, one of the Great Universal Wisdom Scriptures. There's a marvelous art of subduing devils in it. If you want to deal with devils, this scripture is the most suitable. If you combine it with the Hell Suppression Scripture, it'll be even more miraculous." The buddha statue imparted all the scriptures it had learned to Lin Fan. In just an instant. Gu Chensha had finished conversing with the Buddha statue.

He knew many of the Buddha statue's secrets, and he had also learned the cultivation technique within.

This cultivation technique was valuable to him, and it could be used as resources to make his Common People Heaven Mending Technique more meaningful.

"The Buddha statue's own power is equivalent to that of a God-level expert. Unfortunately, I can't activate it. This Buddha statue is actually already dead, and it only left behind some spirituality. My Heavenly Way Technique can activate this spirituality. Since that's the case, I will help Qin Han."

Gu Chensha knew that the secrets the Buddha statue revealed to him weren't complete. There were many deeper things that it didn't say. Of course, he didn't care. The Buddhist Sect's treasures seemed to be in the depths of the space-time turbulence, in a place called the Ocean of Space. Of course, he didn't have the ability to go there now.

Only when he reached the God-level would he have the ability to travel through the space-time turbulence.

After understanding some of the Buddha statue's secrets, Gu Chensha suddenly injected the Heavenly Way Technique into it. The entire Buddha statue suddenly exploded with a golden light. Like a heavenly pillar, it shot into the clouds.

At this moment, everyone could see that within Sin Prefecture City, there was a thick golden light supporting it. It gave off endless talismans and chanting, affecting the entire Sin Prefecture.

Originally, Sin Prefecture was already covered by some demonic energy. However, when the golden light appeared, the demonic energy all dissipated like the wind.