Chapter 484
===========

"Reporting to Old Ancestor, I was roped in by Gu Tanjian. He gave me many elixirs and even injected a streak of divine power into my body to help me refine them and raise my cultivation level. I don't know if there are any dangers. I hope Old Ancestor can check my body." Gu Chensha proceeded according to his plan.

"That Gu Tanjian really spared no effort."

King Wu Yu injected a streak of divine power into Gu Chensha's body. After circulating it once, he didn't find any problems. Hence, he retracted the divine power. "Don't worry. Gu Tanjian didn't set up any tricks on your body. He isn't so childish as to use this to deal with our Wu Clan."

"Very good. My Heavenly Dao Technique is indeed ever-changing. Even an expert like King Wu Yu couldn't detect it. If I hadn't consumed the Hong Meng Holy Elixir, I'm afraid I wouldn't have been able to circulate my magic power properly. Then, I might have been caught." Gu Chensha understood some things.

"Old Ancestor, I heard some news from Gu Tanjian. It's very disadvantageous for our Wu Clan," Gu Chensha said.

"Speak!" The nine god-grade experts of the Wu Clan started thinking.

"The Dharma Saint of the Legalism Clan has returned. He even reached some kind of Spirit Demon Agreement with the Pygmy Demon Race. He wants to merge the Demon Race and the human race." Gu Chensha threw out this piece of important news.

"What? The Dharma Saint has returned? How is it possible that he can be resurrected after dying?

Freed from the Heavenly Dao's restraints? "At this time, the nine god-grade experts were really shaken. None of them believed all this.

It seemed like the news of the Legalism Clan hadn't spread yet. Only the Pygmy Death Emperor and Pygmy Death Emperor of the Pygmy Demon Race, as well as the Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor knew about it. The Wu Clan and the other aristocratic families were still in the dark.

The school of Legalism naturally wanted to make use of the return of the Dharma Saint to accumulate more power and explode out once more, sweeping through the world, suppressing the various large families and becoming the leader of the large families.

Although the Dharma Saint of the School of Legalism had returned, Gu Chensha guessed that the Dharma Saint had not fully recovered his strength and had no choice but to compromise with The Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor.

There was also the school of Legalism that lost six archaic treasures, their losses also extremely great. They were already truly wounded to the core.

"It's no wonder that the school of Legalism seems to have some strange movements over the past few days. All the Law Realms seem to have an indistinct and unknown power spreading out in space-time. I thought that the school of Legalism was making some plans to make preparations for the upcoming calamity. I didn't expect it to be the return of the Dharma Saint. Could it be that the school of Legalism is really going to be the leader of all the aristocratic clans and ride on our heads in the future?" A divine expert from the Wu Clan started to panic.

There was no reason for the Wu Clan's divine expert to not panic, and the battles between the aristocratic clans would definitely not be polite. In other words, if the school of Legalism could suppress the aristocratic clans, it would definitely weaken the Wu Clan's strength. They might even kill the Wu Clan's divine expert and refine them into artifacts. When that time came, the Wu Clan would become slaves.

This wasn't strange at all. Since ancient times, the battles between the aristocratic clans were much crueler than this.

The battles between the aristocratic clans were a little similar to the battles between countries. When a country conquered another country, the conquered country's aristocrats, nobles, emperors, and ministers might not all be executed, but their strength would be weakened and they would be imprisoned.

"If the Dharma Saint returns, our Wu Clan will indeed not be a match for him. We have to ally with the various aristocratic clans to contend against the school of Legalism. Otherwise, if the Wu Clan's lineage ends in the future, we will all be sinners for all eternity."

"That's right, this isn't a small matter. When the Heaven Talisman Thearch established the imperial court, he can accommodate our Wu Clan, and we will at most suffer some pressure. However, if the school of Legalism gains power, we divine experts will definitely be a huge threat to the school of Legalism and will definitely be eradicated." "We mustn't let the school of Legalism gain power."

"Wu Dang Xing, you've made a great contribution this time around. We'll definitely reward you. Tell me, what do you want?" King Wu Yu asked.

"This disciple is also a member of the Wu Clan and doesn't need any rewards," Gu Chensha quickly said. "Also, this disciple has some ideas that can go up against the school of Legalism." "Oh? Let's hear it. "

With this, the group of Divine level experts from the Wu Clan looked at Wu Dang Xing in a different light. "If you have a way to go up against the school of Legalism, we'll definitely reward you handsomely." "Many thanks, Old Ancestor."

Gu Chensha said, "Actually, this disciple has also received news that when the Dharma Saint was reviving, the Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor joined forces to attack all the legal realms. While the Dharma Saint had yet to fully recover his powers, they forced him to tell them how he could go up against the heavenly law's summons and how he could revive. With that, the Dharma Saint had no choice but to sign an alliance.

"And Gu Tanjian is the spokesperson of the Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor. If Old Ancestor can give me special privileges and let me be a special envoy, representing the school of Legalism to temporarily submit to Gu Tanjian, then I'll definitely be able to get many opportunities. At the very least, I'll be able to get many benefits from the Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor behind Gu Tanjian. At the same time, I'll be able to drive the tiger to devour the wolf and deal with the school of Legalism."

After Gu Chensha shared his plan, he shut his mouth and quietly waited for the decision of the nine Divine level experts from the school of Legalism.

As expected, the nine Divine level experts exchanged their opinions. King Wu Yu then spoke again, "Wu Dang Xing, do you have any concrete details to share?"

"This disciple has a few ideas and hopes for Old Ancestor's guidance. Firstly, we can follow Gu Tanjian's lead on the surface, but he must give us some benefits. That is, Gu Tanjian can bestow a large number of Dragon Nurturing Pills and Dragon Creation Pills to increase the number of geniuses and unrivaled geniuses in our Wu Clan. We'll be able to receive substantial benefits." Gu Chensha came up with a huge plan.

"Continue."

When the nine Divine level experts saw that Gu Chensha had paused for a moment, they quickly said, "If there's a large number of Dragon Nurturing Pills and Dragon Creation Pills, it's not impossible for our Wu Clan to be obedient in name.

"Secondly, the Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor have already obtained the method to resist the Heavenly Dao's Summon from the Dharma Saint."

Gu Chensha spoke frankly with assurance and was getting more and more proficient. "Since that's the case, we can also obtain this method from the Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor. It's not impossible for our Martial Sage to break free from the Heavenly Dao's restraints and descend into the mortal world once again. Since the Dharma Saint can do this, then Lord Martial Sage will definitely be able to do it as well."

"Well said. This is the crucial point. For Lord Martial Sage's revival, we can make any sacrifices!" King Wu Yu spoke in a resolute and decisive voice.

"This disciple will definitely do his best for the Martial Sage's revival."

Gu Chensha said, "The third point is that this disciple will contact the various factions and can even feign civility with the Tranquil Immortal Department. Everything will be for the sake of increasing my strength.

"The fourth point is that the Legalism Clan can cooperate with the Devil Race. We can do it too. As long as it's beneficial to our Wu Clan, this disciple will do it. " "Good!"

The nine god-class experts nodded and let out praising voices. "Our Wu Clan lacks a disciple like you who dares to be the first in the world and dares to fight and kill. For the clan, you can advance bravely. We will authorize you to be the Wu Clan's special envoy. You can communicate with us directly. " As they spoke, the nine god-class experts formed a talisman and slowly landed in Gu Chensha's hand.

This was the authorization talisman of the nine god-class experts. It also had a certain level of defense and attack power.

Gu Chensha nodded silently. He had a few tokens on him now. Gu Tanjian gave him the The Great Spirit God talisman. It could be used once to protect his life in front of a god-class expert. Other than that, it also had the ability to escape.

In addition, there was another talisman that Chang Weiyang, Wen Hong, and Tai Xuandu had worked together to refine. It had many more wondrous uses.

The third token was the Heaven Alliance's special envoy jade token that Gu Tanjian, Gu Dangkong, and Gu Xuansha had worked together to refine. It didn't have any attack or defense power. It was just a simple token.

The fourth token was the token talisman that the nine god-class experts of the Wu Clan had given him.

"It seems that I can rely on this Heaven Dao Art's quality to change in the future. When I go to the big Profound Immortal Dao Sects, I will be able to obtain a huge amount of wealth. Back then, Dou Nineteen did this too. My current transformation art has completely surpassed Dou Nineteen and even the Thousand Transformation Stone Ape."

Gu Chensha thought to himself, "The Profound Immortal Dao Sects have nothing good to cheat. I might as well go to the Demon Race and cheat countless treasures." "Wu Dang Xing, go do your work. Here is a magic treasure. We will bestow it to you."

Suddenly, King Wu Yu waved his hand. Instantly, a sword appeared in the Martial Saint Space. The sword's guard was in the shape of a dragon. The body of the sword flickered like lightning. It showed an extremely strong killing power. "This is one of the seven divine swords that Lord Martial Saint refined back then. This sword is called Slash Thunder. If you obtain this sword and use its profoundness, with your current cultivation, you will be able to injure any expert under the twenty-seventh transformation." "Wonderful." Gu Chensha was overjoyed.

This Slash Thunder Sacred Sword was not as good as the All-encompassing Shattering Cudgel, but it was still a rare magic treasure. Even Wu Dangkong had not received this much attention from the Wu Clan.

"This disciple will do his best to prepare for Lord Martial Saint's revival."

Gu Chensha put on an act. "However, this disciple wants to say something else. Rumors say that Wu Dangkong obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. If she can activate it, then Lord Martial Saint's revival will be even more likely. It's a pity that this girl doesn't care about the clan at all. She is truly a traitor to the clan." Gu Chensha was trying to sow discord between Wu Dangkong and the Wu Clan.

"This girl has other ideas. After obtaining the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, she started to establish her own clan.

Actually, she has always hated me for sending her to the palace. But now, it seems that she has obtained many benefits from the palace. If she had followed that idiot Jing Fanxing, how could she have her current achievements? "King Wu Yu's tone was somewhat strange.

"Working for the clan is a matter of course. So what if it's a sacrifice? "

Gu Chensha felt that he could completely force Wu Dangkong to rebel. "Now that the Legalism Dharma Saint has returned, he will definitely act against our Wu Clan. Wu Dangkong is a key focus.

If Wu Dangkong returns to the clan and works wholeheartedly for our Wu Clan, then our Wu Clan can immediately capture demons and sacrifice them. We will obtain countless treasures and even prepare for our ancestors to become Sages. "