Chapter 1143
============

Chapter 1138: The New Sovereign Zhou Qin and the mysterious Sovereign had actually perished together.

This time, they had truly perished together. All of their powers had been gathered together and turned into a single essence that fell into the depths of the multiverse. No one knew who would obtain it.

However, there was no doubt that whoever obtained the essence would possess all of the powers of Zhou Qin and the mysterious Sovereign. Not only that, but it would also far surpass the two of them.

However, this bit of essence was hidden very deeply. It had only disappeared the moment Zhou Qin and the mysterious masked Supreme-Being died together. No one had been able to capture it and obtain it.

All the powerful existences could only watch helplessly as this bit of essence disappeared. All of them felt that it was a pity. This was especially so for Hong Yi and the others. They originally wanted to devour each other, but now, the situation had changed. This was something that they had not expected.

"Not good." Fang Han appeared.

He could keenly sense that whoever obtained the essence would definitely have to devour the other five people in Destiny.

"Our greatest enemy has appeared. Who would have thought that Zhou Qin would be the first to fall?"

Hong Yi also spoke, "Damn it, damn it! Why did this happen? Our greatest enemy is no longer Gu Chensha, but the person who obtained the essence. This person has inherited destiny and will definitely devour us." "Search. We must find this person."

"But before that, we have to kill Chen Qi and obtain his essence. We will cultivate to a trillion years of life. Only then will we have a better chance of finding the person who obtained the essence." In the inconceivable universe, Chen Qi's tribulation continued.

All of the powerful existences were surrounding Chen Qi. Chen Qi himself was on the verge of collapse, as if he could fall at any moment. The tribulation this time was so great that even he could not have predicted it.

However, as long as he made it through, he would once again return to his peak position. He would be able to suppress all monsters, sweep through the ages, and rule the world for millions, tens of millions, or even hundreds of millions of years. As for Lou Baiyue and the others, they were observing in the dark.

Large amounts of data were once again gathered in their operating modules, causing their cultivation base to improve continuously. This improvement was very solid, and definitely not the kind of leap to the heavens in a single step.

In fact, even Chen Qi had relied on Qin Guang's invasion to obtain a fortuitous encounter, advancing from an expert with a lifespan of tens of billions to an invincible existence with a lifespan of 900 billion. As for Qin Guang and the others, it was needless to say that they all had fortuitous encounters.

Their steps were not steady. They were like rocket-propelled rockets. Although they had soared very high for a while, they would eventually fall to the ground.

On the other hand, Lou Baiyue and the others were building the tower step by step. The lower the level, the stronger it was.

Although the speed was a little slower, with the foundation, it would always be able to move upwards, and it would not fall. This was Gu Chensha's method, the true orthodox way.

Chen Qi's tribulation wouldn't end anytime soon. Would he fall and help someone else, or would he successfully transcend the tribulation and reach a lifespan of a trillion? It was still unknown. At that very moment, subtle changes were happening in an inconspicuous place in the Multiverse. In an inconspicuous small universe.

On a continent, there was a chaotic war between empires. It was still in the feudal era of cold weapons. This small universe was inconspicuous in the Multiverse. It seemed like it would be devoured and destroyed at any time. However, many living beings in it didn't know about this.

Although they also had the Virtual Interface and could see their lifespan, they took it as a matter of course and didn't develop many functions of the interface.

At that very moment, in an inconspicuous tavern in the capital city of the Great Xi Dynasty, there was a man wearing an official's robe. He was very drunk.

"Strange powers and chaotic gods. His Majesty shouldn't touch these things."

This official was a young man, and he seemed to have a righteous aura. "His Majesty summoned those demons into the palace to listen to some demonic arts. It's ridiculous to rely on demonic arts to defeat the enemy.

These demons rely on their own divine abilities to bring disaster to the country and the people. If I have the ability, I will definitely kill and suppress them. Governing a country should be based on benevolence, righteousness, and morality. "

"He Ming, you're drunk. His Majesty's matters are not something you can discuss. Although we are new Jinshi and pillars of the imperial court, you can't directly remonstrate with His Majesty in court and embarrass His Majesty. Also, those cultivators are indeed powerful and can cover the sky with one hand. Think about it, our Great Xi Dynasty has always been suppressed by the Great Prison Dynasty all these years. Isn't it because the Great Prison Dynasty has many cultivator sects supporting them? Do you still remember the war ten years ago?

Our Imperial Court's 500,000 troops were about to win, but they were all defeated by a cultivator of the Spirit Void Sect behind the Great Hell King with one hand, causing us to cede territory and pay reparations. "At this moment, an official came in and dissuaded the young official named He Ming.

"Bring disaster to the country and the people, bring disaster to the country and the people." He Ming slammed the table, giving the people in the tavern a fright.

However, the people in the tavern didn't dare to say much. This tavern was a gathering place for commoners, and the wine was of poor quality. Seeing that this drunken young man was an official, they didn't dare to offend him.

"Go, go, go …" A few drinkers who seemed to be people of the Jianghu hurriedly left.

"The Imperial Court is in troubled times," a Jianghu man with a big beard said.

"The Emperor wants to bring in cultivators, and the scholars are fiercely against it. This new Jinshi is clearly a pawn of the scholars."

"Who do you think will win this battle for the Imperial Court, the scholars or the cultivators?" a Jianghu man asked. "After that, where will the Greenwood Gang go?"

"Hahaha, those scholars are useless. What about ruling the country and pacifying the world? That's all nonsense. Cultivators have power. With a flick of their fingers, they can split mountains and rivers. How can those scholars compare? However, the cultivators don't want to kill the scholars yet. They're afraid that there will be some karma involved, so when the time comes, they'll probably use us Jianghu people's blades. As long as we use this opportunity, we can reach the sky in one step.

Of course, we have to guard against the Imperial Court and the cultivators killing us after we've outlived our usefulness. "

"Actually, as long as we are recognized by the cultivators and obtain some cultivation techniques, we might be able to obtain immortality." These Jianghu people walked away as they discussed. At this moment, the new Jinshi, He Ming, staggered out of the tavern.

Today, in front of the Emperor, he directly said that the powerful cultivators were demons and wanted the Imperial Court to expel the demons. He had already made up his mind to die. However, he was not afraid of death.

Fortunately, the Emperor didn't blame him. He only ordered people to chase him out. He didn't demote him, nor did he punish him. This meant that the Emperor couldn't leave the scholars and scholars, but he didn't want to offend the cultivators either. He Ming walked into a small alley and kept vomiting. He had drunk too much low-quality wine. At this moment, a person appeared in front of him. This person was the cultivator who bewitched the Emperor in the Imperial Court. This cultivator was also a young man. He was looking at He Ming with contempt.

"Demon, are you here to kill me? How dare you."

He Ming immediately sobered up. "Today, you wantonly bewitched the Emperor in the Imperial Court. You're simply a traitor. If I had a blade, I would definitely kill you. " "Foolish thing, you don't know anything about power."

The young cultivator looked at He Ming. "With a flick of my finger, I can let you die ten thousand times. I'll make you beg for death.

However, as long as you kneel down, apologize to me, and join my sect, not only will I not let you die, I'll even teach you supreme magical powers. I'll let you live forever and give you great power. "

"Demon, if you want to kill me, just kill me. Why bother talking so much?" He Ming cursed. "I'm a scholar. Even if I die, I won't submit to a demon like you. If you kill me today, aren't you afraid that the Imperial Court will be shaken? You demons will not succeed in your scheme. " "Too foolish, too foolish."

The young cultivator shook his head. "To us, the entire Great Xi Dynasty is just an ant. A single breath from the big shots in our sect can destroy the entire Great Xi Dynasty, or even the entire continent. You have no idea how powerful that is."

"Demon, it's you demons who make life difficult for the people and destroy order. Kindness, righteousness, and morality are not worth mentioning in front of you. I curse you, you'll be punished by the heavens." He Ming was still cursing.

"Punished by the heavens? Even the heavens can't do anything to us. "

The young cultivator said. "Since you want to die, I'll fulfill your wish. If you scholars oppose me, I'll just kill you all." Suddenly, the young cultivator grabbed He Ming and lifted him into the air. He Ming felt his life disappearing bit by bit.

At this moment, he suddenly saw a speck of essence descending from the depths of the void, entering his sea of consciousness. Suddenly, he felt like he was filled with power.

"Demon, go and die." He Ming cursed casually. He had the strength to curse again. Bang!

Suddenly, the young cultivator died. Without any warning, he died on the ground. All signs of life disappeared, as if He Ming had cursed him to death.

"What's going on?" He Ming was confused. He landed on the ground. "I said he's dead, so he's dead? Also, my lifespan … "

In his sea of consciousness, the virtual interface was still there, but the numbers displayed indicated that his lifespan had reached a trillion years.

"What's going on with me?"

He Ming did not know what had happened to him. Someone has died. The power behind this cultivator is very strong. If I am dragged into this, it will become a disaster. In fact, the cultivator might even attack my Shi Lin. I have to destroy the corpse and hide it. "Sou! Sou! Sou! Sou! A strong idea welled up in his mind.

Just as he had this thought, the cultivator's corpse disappeared into thin air, turning into nothingness. There was not even a trace of it.

It was as if everything in the world operated according to his will. Whatever he wanted, it would happen.