Chapter 458
===========

The Demon Domain had many dimensions, and each dimension was vast and boundless. Countless Demons, Demon Gods, and Demon Saints were hidden within.

If the Demon Disaster broke out completely, the Calmness Immortal Department would be like a mantis trying to stop a chariot with its strength.

Even if every member of the Calmness Immortal Department became a God Grade expert, it would be useless.

Gu Chensha was well aware of this, so he had never thought of stopping the Demon Disaster. He only wanted to delay it and wait for the Imperial Court to fully mature before fighting the Demon Disaster to the death. With the current strength of the Imperial Court, it was impossible to resist.

If the Demon Disaster could be delayed for a few decades or even a hundred years, the Dragon Nurturing Mantra and Dragon Creation Mantra would spread, and geniuses and peerless geniuses would appear like mushrooms after a spring rain. Then, the Imperial Court might be able to put up a fight.

There were also countless people with great providence among the people. If they could grasp all of them, the Calmness Immortal Department would be able to defy the heavens and achieve unprecedented achievements.

After transforming into this Demon Sovereign, he pondered how to increase the Calmness Immortal Department's strength while delaying the Demon Disaster. The simplest way was to hide here and use the concealment advantage of the Heavenly Dao Arts to assassinate countless Demon Sovereigns and Demon Sovereigns. Then, he would refine these powerful Demons into talismans and send them into the Common People's Wish sphere for the Heavenly Demon Tree to absorb and rapidly grow.

The Heavenly Demon Tree was currently at a critical stage of growth. In human terms, it was the time for its body to grow. It needed a large amount of nutrients. If it could continuously kill Demon Sovereigns and Demon Sovereigns, it would quickly mature.

However, there was a problem with this plan. It would be fine if he could sneak in and kill a few Demon Sovereigns, but if he killed more than ten, it would definitely attract the attention of Demon God Grade experts. It would be difficult to kill them again. Moreover, there was the risk of being discovered.

Although the Heavenly Dao Arts' transformation technique was miraculous, it was not omnipotent. Strength was the foundation.

Gu Chensha could escape, but if he exposed the secret of his transformation, it would be difficult to continue when the Demon God Grade experts were on guard. Gu Chensha rejected such an action that would alert the enemy.

"What should I do?

With my current strength, I won't be able to deal with Demon God experts. I can kill experts with the Undying Body and even those at 26 changes. But against those at 27 changes who can tear open space, I will definitely lose. Even if I cultivate 22 changes to Heaven and Earth, it will be useless. "Gu Chensha thought about it deeply.

Just as Gu Chensha was pondering this, a voice transmitted down from the upper levels of the Nether Iron Fortress. "Dark Armor, foolish! Why have you stopped activating the Mahākāśyapa Mantra?"

"Lord Foolish Killer, I've gained some enlightenment from activating the Great Mahākāśyapa Mantra, and it seems like I'm about to advance."

Gu Chensha did not bat an eyelid. The owner of the will transmitted from the upper echelons was called Dark Armor Foolish Kill. He was a Demon Emperor who had also cultivated to the level of Undying Body and Solid Rock Technique. Compared to Dou Nineteen, Jing Qiu was far inferior. He was also inferior to Ape Desolation. If Gu Chensha were to face him, he would be able to kill him in one move.

"Is that so? You are actually going to advance. Come up quickly?

Let me see how much benefits our Dark Armor Great Demon Race can gain from this war. "Dark Armor Foolish Kill summoned Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha's Dark Armor Foolish Kill turned into a streak of pure demonic energy and headed to the upper levels of the fortress.

At the pinnacle of the Nether Iron Fortress was a huge tower. Demon God-level powerhouses were obviously guarding the tower. They usually wouldn't take action, and the ones who really managed things were naturally some Demon Overlord-level demons on the lower floor.

For example, the Ape Race. The three Ape God basically didn't care about anything. It was Chief Ape Desolation and the 10 Battle Kings who managed the race. The three Ape God would only appear at the most crucial moment to save the race. It was the same for the Demon Race.

According to Dark Armor Foolish's memories, Dark Armor Foolish Kill was the true manager of the Nether Iron Fortress. At the highest level, there was a Demon God expert called Dark Armor Foolish Life. As for his true cultivation realm, Dark Armor Foolish Kill didn't know. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha, who had transformed into Dark Armor Foolishness, arrived in front of Dark Armor Foolishness. This was a middle-aged evil man who had transformed into a human. However, there were many compound eyes on his forehead. It was strange and nauseating.

He looked Gu Chensha up and down, then looked at his cultivation. "Not bad, not bad. You are indeed about to advance to the twenty-first transformation. However, you still need to constantly cultivate the Mahākāśyapa Mantra and mobilize demonic energy to merge with the demonic clouds in the sky. We cannot make any mistakes in creating the Demonic Heart Prison Thunder Tribulation. This is the rule set by the Demon Gods. " "Yes!" Gu Chensha nodded.

"In a few days, many Demon Gods will have a gathering."

Dark Armor Foolish Kill used psychic waves to speak in demonic language. "When the time comes, the demonic energy will flourish again. It will be a good opportunity for us to improve our cultivation. Within the surging demonic energy, as long as we have the opportunity, we will be able to comprehend many secrets that we normally wouldn't be able to in centuries, or even millennia." "Yes."

"Most importantly, when the demonic energy surges, there will be many benefits, but our Dark Armor Great Demon Race won't get much."

Dark Armor said foolishly, "The Dark Armor Great Devil Race is the noblest among all the devil races. We're already a high and mighty noble race. Now, there are so many lowly races climbing over our heads. Damn it." "Lord, what can we do to obtain more opportunities?" Gu Chensha asked deliberately.

"We must rescue God King Mahākāśyapa."

Dark Armor Foolish Kill's face was filled with sinister killing intent. "This time, the leader of this matter is the lowly Dwarf Demon Race. These lowly things actually obtained the Prison Suppressing Obelisk left behind by God King Mahākāśyapa. A Demon Saint came out, and that Demon Saint sent his son to take charge.

This way, even if we rush out of the Demon Domain and reach the Land of Infinity, killing countless sentient beings as sacrifices, the Dwarf Demon Race will benefit the most. " Gu Chensha was silent. He already knew many things from Dark Armor Foolish Kill's memories.

The Dwarf Demon Race was very short, and their strength was not even comparable to that of humans. They were also extremely ugly. Even in the Demon Domain, they were like slaves. Many powerful Demon Races liked to slaughter the Dwarf Demon Race to cultivate their demonic arts. Some even kept the Dwarf Demon Race as livestock. The Dwarf Demon Race basically had no status to speak of.

However, a few hundred years ago, a dwarf from the Dwarf Race actually obtained the Hell Suppressing Obelisk left behind by God Maha. Not only did he cultivate the complete version of the Hell Suppressing Demonic Scripture, he also rose rapidly and became a Demon Saint, an existence equivalent to a Sage. He gathered the Dwarf Devil Race and changed the situation of being weak in the past. They actually managed to stand shoulder to shoulder with many powerful Devil Races.

For example, the Dark Armor Great Demon Race was born with dark armor that was incomparably sturdy and powerful. Even a thousand Dwarf Demons were not a match for a Dark Armor Great Demon. In the Demon Domain, the weak were prey to the strong. There were no rules to speak of.

As for the Prison Suppressing Obelisk, it was rumored that it was formed from the physical body left behind by God Mahākāśyapa.

Although God Mahākāśyapa lived in the boundless God Kingdom, he would descend into the Demon Domain every three thousand years. He would be reincarnated to comprehend the profundities before returning to the God Kingdom. However, the physical body that was reincarnated in the Demon Domain would turn into a Prison Suppressing Obelisk that contained countless profundities and cultivation techniques.

Up until now, a total of nine Prison Suppressing Obelisks had appeared. In other words, God Mahākāśyapa had reincarnated in the Demon Domain nine times since the Primordial Era. The Prison Suppressing Obelisk could restrain all Demon Races.

Whoever obtained nine Prison Suppressing Obelisks would become the ruler of the Demon Race, second only to God Mahākāśyapa.

The Demon Saint of the Dwarf Demon Race had obtained a total of five Prison Suppressing Obelisks. His strength was tyrannical, so he presided over this demon disaster. Even many noble Demon Races such as the Dark Armor Great Demon Race, the Flame Devil, the Six-Armed Snake Devil, and even the Three-headed Dragon Devil had no choice but to submit.

Of course, other than the Dwarf Demon Race, the Five Great Demon Races were the Goat-Headed Demons, the Ox-Headed Demons, the Horse-Headed Demons, the Skeleton Demons, and the Blood Demons.

These Five Great Demon Races had been roped in by the Dwarf Demon Race, and they had reached some kind of agreement. Although the Dark Armor Great Demon Race was noble, it couldn't do anything to them.

The internal strife within the Demon Race was crueler, more complicated, and more bloody than the human race. Every few hundred years, or even a thousand years, a race would go extinct. Naturally, a new race would be born.

"You can leave now. Work hard to increase your strength and listen to my orders!"

Dark Armor Foolish Kill added, "I'll go and discuss with some of the stronger races. We can't let the lowly Dwarf Demon Race reap all the benefits. It's simply wishful thinking for these lowly races to ride on top of us noble races." "Yes!"

When Gu Chensha heard these words, why did they sound so familiar? Suddenly, he remembered. Wasn't Dark Armor's words repeating Wu Dang Xing's words?

The Wudang Xing felt that his sage bloodline was noble, and the others were lowly commoners. Dark Armor Foolish Kill was the same.

It seemed that wherever there was life, there would be jianghu. The Demon Race was no exception. Since the Demon Race wasn't united, there was a way to sow discord.

"Maybe?

I'll disguise myself as a Dwarf Demon Race expert and kill this Dark Armor Foolish Kill? "Gu Chensha thought of a way to sow discord, and the success rate was very high.

He watched as the Dark Armor Foolishly left the Dark Iron Fortress. Then, he transformed into demonic aura and followed it silently. At the same time, he transformed into a Dwarf Demon Race member.

Dark Armor Foolish Kill's status in the Dark Armor Great Demon Race was extremely high. Although he wasn't the Tribe Head, he was close. If he was killed, it would definitely cause a huge uproar.

If he did this a few more times, it would cause chaos among the Demon Race. Then he would wait for an opportunity to steal the Prison-Suppressing Tablet.

The Demon Heart Prison lightning tribulation required the Prison-Suppressing Tablet's power to harmonize demonic energy and demonic nature. Otherwise, it would easily go berserk.