Chapter 1055
============

The General Trend Has Been Formed

After signing the contract, Lu Zhengrong, a master of the Heavenly Way, joined the Senate of the Arcane Kingdom and became one of the members of the Supreme Council. He had the highest voting and decision-making power in the entire Empire. But for Lu Zhengrong, it wasn't a benefit, it was just a lot more obligations.

But for the Arcane Kingdom's parliament, it was a great thing. There was another master of the Heavenly Way, the power of the parliament was strengthened again, so that the core control of the Empire wouldn't be lost, and it was more likely to win in foreign wars.

In the past few decades, the Supreme Council of the Arcane Kingdom had more than a dozen masters of the Heavenly Way, they gathered together, so that the Arcane Kingdom, the Arcane Continent, and the Arcane Network developed rapidly.

Many new Arcana Spells had been developed, and the Arcana Spells had shifted from combat to service-oriented.

Low-level Arcana Masters would first learn service-oriented and life-oriented Arcana Spells, rather than fighting right from the start. Fireballs and lightning danced everywhere.

At that time, Gu Chensha firmly grasped the core of the Empire, the Supreme Council of the Senate. The power of all the senators was moving in the direction that Gu Chensha wanted. In this way, while the Arcane Network was developing, it was gradually infiltrated by Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha wanted to expand the Arcana Network and turn it into a trap. He wanted to trap and kill Mister Everlasting and the others. Mister Everlasting had the same idea.

However, in the past few decades, Mr. None and the others seemed to have completely retreated. But Gu Chensha knew that these people were just lurking and carrying out big moves. But these big moves were under the eyes of Gu Chensha. In the beginning, Mr. None seemed to want to encourage the nobles to rebel, to use the Way of Devouring to transform the entire Arcane Kingdom, but then he failed.

But that wasn't the key, the most important thing was the native who obtained the Nothingness gourd, Meholi. That man was still an arcanist, but his level wasn't high, and he had always kept a low profile.

However, Gu Chensha had been keeping an eye on this person at all times, and he had even split off his clone, Nader, to become an incredibly powerful Arcana Master, attracting Meholi's attention.

Meholi seemed to have inherited Fa Wuxian's sinister and vicious personality, but he was more reserved and didn't devour anything. Of course, when Fa Wuxian devoured everything, it was to quickly ascend to the Supreme Immortal Realm. Now that Meholi had obtained the gourd, he already had the Supreme Immortal Realm foundation. As long as he gradually released the enormous power in his body and suppressed the instincts of Fa Wuxian inside the gourd, he would be able to obtain the ultimate power of the Supreme Immortal Realm. But how could Gu Chensha let them have their way?

His clone, Nader, was constantly showing off his presence, causing Meholi's heart to burn with rage. The will of Fa Wuxian inside the gourd was nourished by his hatred and couldn't be destroyed no matter what. As a result, Meholi couldn't obtain all of the Supreme Immortal Realm power inside the gourd.

Gu Chensha's idea was also very unique. He wanted to rescue Meholi at the most critical moment when Meholi was about to be eroded by the brand of Fa Wuxian. He wanted Meholi to understand the principles of his new world and understand that only the power of the new world could save everything in the old world. That way, he would be able to achieve a complete victory and reform Meholi, causing Mister None and the others to fail. He could also strengthen the power of the Arcane Kingdom and seal Mister None and the others, causing them to die without a burial ground.

"Mister None has also discovered Meholi, but he's still observing from the shadows and hasn't made a move yet." Gu Chensha had already noticed Mister None and the others. However, he didn't act rashly. Mister None didn't notice him.

Although they were both in the Supreme Immortal Realm, Gu Chensha, who had established the tenth level of the Immortal Realm, had actually far surpassed Mister None in terms of the structure of the realm.

To be honest, if Gu Chensha was willing to destroy the human world, countless universes, or even new worlds, he could completely annihilate Mister Wu Wu and the others to the point where not even a trace of them would be left. That was what Mister None was worried about.

Right now, they did not have the power to completely compete with Gu Chensha. They could only take advantage of Gu Chensha's mentality of not attacking the rat for fear of harming the rat. Like a rat in a sewer, they did some shady things to strengthen themselves. At this time, Gu Chensha's real body had turned into an ordinary arcanist.

He was carrying out public welfare activities with a group of young arcanists who had just become arcanists.

In the past few decades, under the rules of the Arcane Guild, all young arcanists who had just become arcanists had to carry out public welfare activities for three months. For example, they had to use arcane spells to clean the streets, repair damaged houses, cure diseases for civilians for free, and at the same time, reclaim wasteland and plant trees. This was used to nurture the arcanists' love for the world.

The Arcane Guild had always nurtured a belief, and that was that arcanists were the protectors of the world. They had to protect every blade of grass and every tree in the world. Destroying the world was a disgrace, and protecting the creation of the world was a glory. This was very close to the idea of the new world.

"Cleanse!" Hundreds of young low-level arcanists worked together to activate the Cleanse.

In an instant, a filthy city ditch overflowed with dirty water. The stench was overwhelming, and there were mosquitoes and stolen goods everywhere.

However, as soon as the Cleanse was activated, a ray of arcane light splashed over, and the entire ditch turned into flowing water. The filth was completely gone, and even the mud at the bottom of the ditch had disappeared. This was the power of arcane spells.

In the past, when the Great Yong Dynasty was still in power, many cultivators had done public welfare activities in the Divine Central Continent. They repaired bridges and roads, cleaned ditches, and removed silt from rivers. They used their innate energy or arcane energy to dig out the silt in the river, and then poured clean water into it. Only then could the river become clean. The process was very complicated.

But now, as soon as the arcane Cleanse was used, the river immediately became clean. This was something that dao techniques and the immortal path could not compare to.

Gu Chensha could already see that the moment the Cleanse was activated, the arcane power contained all sorts of disintegration, purification, and expulsion powers. These powers instantly disintegrated the mud in the river, completely removing the filth.

The original Cleanse was not so powerful, but in recent decades, under Gu Chensha's secret guidance, various low-level arcane spells had begun to be perfected, making many simple arcane spells more complex, more powerful, and more beneficial to the world.

"Let's clean this village as well, getting rid of germs, mosquitoes, and rats."

There was a village not far away, and the arcanists looked at it and joined forces to activate another arcane spell, the Sterilization Spell. This arcane spell was activated.

All the flies, mosquitoes, rats, and even many harmful parasites and germs were sucked into an arcane sphere, completely destroyed, disintegrated, and turned into nothingness. Even some of the sick people in the village immediately recovered. This was because the germs in their bodies had also been extracted by the arcane sphere.

"Not bad, not bad. The power of the arcane spells is being displayed quite well, especially at the grassroots level. These Arcanists are all doing public service, and their influence on the hearts of the people is immeasurable," Gu Chensha nodded to himself.

In the village, there was a family with a sick woman lying on the bed. A child was nervously guarding his mother by her side, tears constantly flowing down his face. But after a flash of the arcane spell, the woman's illness was instantly cured.

"Mom, the arcanists have come to clean the entire village, and your illness has been cured. The arcanists are not high and mighty lords, but our saviors and protectors. When I grow up, I want to become an arcanist as well and serve the village," the child loudly vowed.

It was this vow that seemed to open up a tiny crack in the depths of his heart. The power of his spirit began to sprout and was about to burst forth. Gu Chensha naturally felt that. He smiled, that was the effect he wanted.

In the past few decades, through the subtle influence of the Arcane Guild that he controlled, some ideas and concepts had been deeply rooted in the hearts of all the people in the Arcane Kingdom. Whether it was a civilian or a slave, they all knew that they must awaken the power of their spirit and then serve the world. That was the right way, that was a great feeling, and that was the only way to reach the highest realm of cultivation. That had begun to connect with some of the ideas of the new world.

"It's almost time."

Gu Chensha looked at the boiling network of the Arcane Kingdom. The network seemed to have expanded its influence to the entire giant universe, "If such ideas continue to spread, the Arcane Network will be more and more connected to the new world. As long as that key point is passed, the power of the new world can flow into the Arcane Network, so that the Arcane Network and the new world will be integrated into one. At that time, Mr. Wu Wu, I'll see how you escape. In the face of my comprehensive layout, I don't think you'll be indifferent. Let me see, what means do you have to break my overt plot?"

"The network of the Arcane Kingdom is getting stronger and stronger. Even when I've reached the realm of my peak, I'm no match for it at all."

In another corner of the Arcane Kingdom, Long Xiangtian looked at the ubiquitous Arcane Network that permeated all the depths of time and space. His face was very gloomy.

In the past few decades, he had painstakingly managed in the Arcane Kingdom, but it was still of no use. Under the overwhelming trend, his management was shrinking and becoming more and more useless. In the end, he had to give up his management and wait for Mr. Wu Wu's layout.

Now, he finally knew that even if he didn't use his power, he wasn't Gu Chensha's match at all. Under Gu Chensha's all-pervasive manipulation of people's hearts, no matter which world he was in, he would be utterly defeated.