Chapter 863
===========

Geniuses remember in a second: "If you like it, go? To provide you with exciting novels to read. Chapter 860: Prehistoric Ruins

It would take Gu Chensha some time to refine the edict, but he wasn't in a hurry. He needed to find the ruins left behind by the prehistoric civilization, as well as the crystallization of all wisdom, the System of the One God.

The prehistoric civilization was vast, and they had a deep understanding of the dao of heaven. If they wanted to replace the dao of heaven, capture it, or even destroy it, they would have to go through billions of years of analysis. Gu Chensha needed that experience.

The prehistoric civilization had accumulated a vast amount of experience with the dao of heaven. The fact that the System of the One God hadn't been destroyed in the space-time chaos of the universe meant that the civilization had already gained enlightenment of some sort of deathless foundation.

If Gu Chensha could gather all of the information on the prehistoric civilization and fuse it into his Dragonless Heart Sutra, then he would be able to gather the glorious experience of that civilization for billions of years. He would also be able to peer into the supreme secrets of the dao of heaven.

That was why he had been planning to acquire the ruins and the System of the One God for a long time.

Taking the sealed immortal lord and Patriarch Heaven and Earth with him, Gu Chensha left the Eastern Wastelands. The Black Gate of Heaven and Earth.

The Black Gate of Heaven and Earth was a huge divine item. Although it couldn't compare to the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, after years of hard work and transformation, it had become a very powerful existence in a medium-level world. Furthermore, it was the core of the Eastern Wastelands, nourished by the essence of the Eastern Wastelands.

Throughout the dynasties, the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth had taken in countless talents from the Divine Central Continent. Now, the core disciples of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth were all of the blood of the Divine Prefecture.

Originally, Gu Chensha had planned to take in the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth and fuse it with the Celestial Calmness Department. That way, his power would increase, and he would gain a lot of nourishment. But he was still planning to take the Eastern Wastelands along with it into the Dragonless Gourd. WHOOSH! His body began to move in the space-time turbulence.

Each movement was equivalent to a celestial flying for hundreds of years, or even thousands of years.

The space-time turbulence was truly endless. Even an Empyrean with a Heavenly Longevity could not explore it completely. Let alone a Heavenly Longevity, even a Heavenly Primordial cultivator entering the space-time turbulence was like a small fish in the ocean.

The scale of the space-time turbulence was even larger than the Heavenly Realm. After all, the Heavenly Realm was also wrapped in the space-time turbulence.

Worlds after worlds, minor dimensions, dimensional dimensions, boundless dimensions, all of them bobbed up and down in the turbulent flows of space and time. Every moment, countless worlds were born and countless worlds were destroyed.

Who knew how many treasures from the destruction of the ancient world were hidden in the space-time turbulence. There were also divine artifacts left behind by Fiendgod experts, and many connate spirit treasures produced during the Chaos Big Bang.

However, to Gu Chensha, this was not a good thing. With his current cultivation, he could create even better treasures with just a thought.

For example, a Heaven Longevity Realm primordial chaos ancient creature might spend tens of thousands of years to create a treasure. However, a casual treasure created by Gu Chensha was ten times stronger than a treasure created by a primordial chaos ancient creature. That was why he didn't care about the countless treasures in the depths of the chaotic streams of space.

In fact, he didn't even bother with the Paramita Golden Pāramitā, a dimensional dimension left behind by the ancient Buddhist Sect. As far as he was concerned, there was no point in taking something that he could create himself.

At the moment, the only things he was interested in were the Systems of the One God, the Boundless Treasure, and the Primordial Chaos Tree.

Considering the level of his cultivation base, he couldn't create the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, the Boundless Treasure, the Decree of Heaven Sacrifice, and the Primordial Chaos Tree. Of course, once he became a celestial, things would be different. Even the Emperor Of Heaven would fear a celestial like Gu Chensha.

"If I can become an Empyrean, I'll have this chance. If I can pry into the ruins of the prehistoric civilization, I'll be able to do so.

If I can get a glimpse of the ruins of the ancient civilization, I'll definitely be able to break through and become a celestial. '

Gu Chensha could already see some of the profundities of the Systems of the One God from the immortal lord. He didn't necessarily need the systems, but he definitely needed information on the dao of heaven from the ancient civilization.

The crystallization of the wisdom of the ancient civilization was the most valuable thing to him, not the systems themselves.

Of course, after taking the systems, his Dragonless Gourd would reach its limit, and he would be able to suppress the Emperor Of Heaven and the Heavenly Court.

Gu Chensha's body flickered, and after some time passed, the space-time turbulence vanished, as though he had reached an end.

At the end of the space-time turbulence, primal-chaos energy was everywhere, so deep that it was impossible to see where it ended. Gu Chensha knew that this was the primal-chaos that surrounded the space-time turbulence.

Theoretically speaking, the entire universe was in such a state, with the Heaven World as the center, surrounded by space-time turbulence, within which floated countless worlds and dimensions. Outside of space-time turbulence was primal-chaos.

The Heaven World was limited, and so was the space-time turbulence. But primal-chaos was truly limitless.

Furthermore, it was constantly evolving, and under the influence of some mysterious power, it seeped into the space-time turbulence to form all sorts of worlds. Because of that, the space-time turbulence was constantly expanding. Gu Chensha arrived at the edge of the space-time turbulence, preparing to enter the primal-chaos.

Ordinary celestials would find it difficult to cross the space-time turbulence and enter primal-chaos. If they were in the Heaven World, which was the Endless Mainland, it would take hundreds of thousands of years to cross the space-time turbulence to reach the edge of primal-chaos. Even for celestials, this was a very taxing task. 'This is the true form of primal-chaos.'

Gu Chensha looked at the edge of the space-time turbulence, where boundless primal-chaos energy flowed. There was no black or white, no color. It was pure primal-chaos. BAM!

Gu Chensha was still at the edge of primal-chaos. Suddenly, the primal-chaos in front of him seemed to be triggered by some unknown power, causing a huge explosion. This explosion simply surpassed the Primal Desolate Deity Thunder of the Primal Desolate Dragon Gate. It was a pure power that living beings and treasures could not unleash.

Gu Chensha was shocked. If not for the fact that his cultivation base was extremely high, he might have been destroyed by this primal-chaos explosion. Because within this primal-chaos explosion, many worlds were suddenly born. There were minor chiliocosms and medium-chiliocosms.

The moment the worlds were born, a cosmic tide swept over violently, causing space-time to collapse. It was unknown where these worlds were swept to, drifting with the waves. Some of the weaker worlds died in the cosmic tide, while others survived and gave birth to many living beings, forming a brand new world. Many ancient worlds came about in the same way.

Ancient worlds were born in primal-chaos, heading towards the end of time, while new worlds were born, alternating with each other. This was the truth of the primal-chaos of the universe.

As Gu Chensha looked at this strange scene of worlds exploding within the primal-chaos, he suddenly understood. But this was only the surface of the primal-chaos. To find the ruins of the prehistoric civilization, he needed to enter the primal-chaos.

The interior of the primal-chaos was even more dangerous. Not to mention the violent explosions, there were even some ancient lifeforms hidden within, as well as strange and powerful existences.

The Immortal Master and Wan Senshi were both ancient lifeforms born within the primal-chaos. But since ancient times, it was unknown how many powerful ancient lifeforms had been unable to leave the primal-chaos, let alone reach the Heaven Realm. Of course, there were also some ancient lifeforms that had left the primal-chaos and wandered the turbulent flows of space-time, searching for worlds to devour. These worlds created by primal-chaos explosions were like juicy fruits that were loved by these ancient lifeforms.

As soon as Gu Chensha stepped into the primal-chaos, it lost all its luster. There was no light, no brightness. Everything was filled with primal-chaos. Everywhere was boundless, and an endless pressure came crashing down. Celestial Venerables could barely move, and only those at the Heavenly Longevity Realm could barely move. Once one entered the primal-chaos, it was like an ordinary person sinking into a swamp, unable to escape. In fact, there was no sense of direction, and it was impossible to find a way out. Inside the primal-chaos, everything was a paste.

When Ancestor Heaven and Immortal Master saw Gu Chensha walking into the primal-chaos, a look of shock appeared on their faces. "Once you enter the primal-chaos, it is very difficult to escape. Basically, you can't find your way out. You can only rely on the power created by the primal-chaos explosions to be sucked into the turbulent flows of space-time."

"Once you enter the primal-chaos, you won't be able to come out. In my opinion, the primal-chaos is just a slightly bigger swamp."

Gu Chensha strolled leisurely in the primal-chaos. With him as the center, all the primal-chaos elemental energy sunk down, giving birth to endless worlds.

Those worlds were like illusions, born and destroyed as they pleased, illuminating the primal-chaos in the distance.

"Immortal Lord, all you can do is sense the systems of the One God, and gain power from them. You don't actually have the systems of the One God, you're being controlled by them, and they're trying to restore you to your peak state.

That's why it needs experts to do its bidding. You're being controlled by the System of the One God, so you established the Calming Immortal Department and infiltrated the imperial court.

Then you used technology to provide the system with destiny. Unfortunately, that's just Father's plan. Do you really think the destiny of the Yongchō is that easy to obtain? "

Gu Chensha seemed to be able to see through everything. "Immortal Master, your fate is being controlled by the System, and you're not even aware of it. How sad."

Gu Chensha flickered into motion as he entered the primal-chaos. Apparently, the primal-chaos was terrified of him, and in fact, seemed to be subservient to him. A moment later, the primal-chaos in front of him grew even more intense.

An enormous battleship appeared in front of Gu Chensha, traversing inconceivable dimensions and space-time. This was the location of the prehistoric civilization. Reading. A better reading experience.