Chapter 1082
============

Suppressed Again

"How pitiful. Every time I break through, I get suppressed."

Lou Baiyue looked at Zhao Jiangshan's attacks. "You might have reached the Imperishable level, but after plotting so many things, you barely made it out alive. Gu Chensha took pity on you, thinking that you'd become an ox and created so many universes, and that you should be given a chance to reach the Imperishable level. At the same time, he wanted you to kill Fa Wuxian. That's the only way you'd succeed. After all, you were the one who comprehended the Dragonless Mental Dharma. Sadly for you, you're too stubborn.

I guess I'll have to teach you another lesson. "Even as she spoke, Lou Baiyue dodged Zhao Jiangshan's attacks with ease.

"Dammit."

Zhao Jiangshan was immersed in the joy of advancing to the Imperishable Immortal Realm. He didn't expect Lou Baiyue to be this strong, dodging his attacks with ease. No matter how Zhao Jiangshan attacked, he couldn't even touch a hair on Lou Baiyue's head.

"Lou Baiyue, I swear I'll kill you today!"

Zhao Jiangshan calmed himself down, and his clothes fluttered in the wind. His body expanded, and he waved his hand, sending his palm out. "Deathless Palm!"

It was a palm that could suppress the heavens, break through the labyrinth, and create the ultimate meaning of the life and death of civilizations.

"Interesting," Lou Baiyue said, nodding. "But it's just a small trick. New World, Contain!"

Under Lou Baiyue's control, a brand new world appeared above her head. She sucked in Zhao Jiangshan's gigantic hand. Next, Lou Baiyue's body dissipated and she appeared before Zhao Jiangshan. She pressed out gently.

Lou Baiyue's palm was like a gentle breeze, and a fragrant aroma spread out in all directions. It was the most wondrous aroma in the universe, and it was incredibly intoxicating. Facing this palm, Zhao Jiangshan was actually slightly absent-minded. In that instant, Lou Baiyue had already struck Zhao Jiangshan. Puff!

Zhao Jiangshan spat out a mouthful of blood. However, the blood turned into a black mist and immediately disappeared. Zhao Jiangshan's body also exploded. Soon after, it gathered back together. Clearly, his Yuan Qi had been damaged.

"Suppress!"

Lou Baiyue formed seals with both hands and countless runes turned into a canopy that sealed up the entire void. In fact, Zhao Jiangshan could even see huge chains that locked down all nothingness, fate, and everything that existed and didn't exist.

Zhao Jiangshan's expression changed drastically. He wanted to leave this place immediately, but no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't break through this shackle.

The shackles changed again and again, slowly shrinking inwards. They were actually trying to seal Zhao Jiangshan.

"Zhao Jiangshan, why don't you turn back into an ox today? With your current cultivation base, you can create countless universes. I just need a peerless Immortal level mount."

Lou Baiyue said, "You've been tempered and returned to your origin. That's the only way to become truly Imperishable. If I let you roam the outside world and cause trouble, you'll be tainted by too much karma. That's not a good thing."

"No …" Zhao Jiangshan couldn't accept this. He had just cultivated to the peerless Imperishable level, and yet he was about to be sealed and turned back into an ox. He couldn't accept this. "Lou Baiyue, since you're so overbearing, don't blame me. I'll kill you today. I refuse to believe that I'm not a match for you at the peerless Imperishable level!" In that instant, Zhao Jiangshan drew on his peerless divine art.

"Darkheaven Annihilation Transformation!"

His body turned into mountains and rivers that swept over. Mountains and rivers changed, and the main characters changed. However, Zhao Jiangshan still had the peerless cultivation base of the Transformation of Mountains and Rivers.

"The multiverse itself is a mountain and a huge mountain. The Transformation of Mountains and Rivers that I've comprehended is the fundamental profundities of the multiverse. I'll use this Transformation of Mountains and Rivers to see how strong the power of the new world is, and whether it can deal with me." Zhao Jiangshan's voice seemed endless.

"The foundation of the new world is beyond your imagination. This Transformation of Mountains and Rivers does have some powerful aspects, but unfortunately, that's all it is."

Lou Baiyue shook her head and flicked her finger. In an instant, the projection of the new world turned into even tighter chains, completely gathering the mountains and rivers. In the end, no matter how hard Zhao Jiangshan struggled, he couldn't escape. In the end, his mountains and rivers turned into his own shadow again, struggling left and right in the cage, unable to escape.

"Lou Baiyue, your cultivation base is indeed strong, but you can only suppress me by borrowing the power of the new world. If you're so good, why don't you not use the power of the new world? How about fighting me one-on-one?

If I lose, I'll follow your fate. "At this moment, Zhao Jiangshan deeply felt the terror of the new world.

This new world had boundless power. When it was activated, it could kill many peerless experts. Even with his current level of understanding, he couldn't imagine how Gu Chensha could create such a monstrous existence like the new world.

"Zhao Jiangshan, you talk too much. At our level, do you still need to provoke me?"

Lou Baiyue laughed, "In order to seal you, not only will I use the power of the new world, but I'll also need to team up. Wen Hong, Zhuge Ya, come out. " In the blink of an eye, two more people appeared. Wen Hong and Zhuge Ya.

Both of them had reached the peerless immortal level, and both were much stronger than Zhao Jiangshan. As soon as they appeared, they attacked again, increasing the power of the seal.

"Despicable! Shameless! Three of you actually ganged up on me. If you're so good, fight me one-on-one. "

Zhao Jiangshan cursed. He didn't think that not only would Lou Baiyue not fall for his trick, but she would also team up with others to deal with him. Moreover, he didn't think that Wen Hong and Zhuge Ya would both reach the peerless immortal level.

"Zhao Jiangshan, you've worked so hard to reach the peerless immortal level, but you're like a frog at the bottom of a well. In our new world, the peerless immortal level can be mass-produced. That's why Chensha allowed you to reach the peerless immortal level. After all, you're no threat to our new world." Wen Hong laughed.

"Mass-Produced peerless immortals!"

Zhao Jiangshan shouted. "Impossible! Impossible! How could the peerless immortal level be mass-produced? I rose up from the Righteous and Wicked Universes, and after countless trials and tribulations, I finally reached the Heaven-Dao level. Then I was imprisoned, turned into an ox, opened up the void, and created countless universes. Finally, I gained enlightenment of the profundities and escaped. Then I took the opportunity to unite the Four Realms and plan everything out. When the old world gave birth to the main characters, I devoured one of them and reached the peerless immortal level. I even inherited the power of Fa Wuxian. And now your new world can mass-produce peerless immortals? Heavens! How is this possible? " "What's so strange about that?"

Zhuge Ya said. "Back in the Divine Continent of Infinity and the Central Plains, the highest cultivation level was the Celestial Longevity level. Later, someone reached the Heaven Origin level, which led to the emergence of the Human Realm and the Multiverse. That's when the Heaven-Dao level grew. Now that you've reached the Heaven-Dao level, there are as many of them as bamboo shoots after a rain. Why can't peerless immortals be mass-produced? " Hearing this, Zhao Jiangshan felt as if he had been dealt a heavy blow to his soul.

When a person had painstakingly pursued a certain cultivation level, and thought themselves invincible, only to find out that their enemies could mass-produce them, and that there were people of the same cultivation level as them everywhere, and some were even stronger than them, what kind of despair would that be? That was exactly what Zhao Jiangshan was feeling right now. His aura fell in a parabolic arc, and soon reached its lowest point.

Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, and Zhuge Ya exchanged glances, then nodded. They knew that Zhao Jiangshan had lost all will to fight, and that he would definitely not be able to take such a blow. Originally, he had been very hopeful that he could defeat Gu Chensha, but now that Gu Chensha could mass-produce people like him, he would definitely lose all hope and despair.

"Seal!"

As the three of them urged, countless talismans penetrated deeply into Zhao Jiangshan's body, causing Zhao Jiangshan's body to change shape, and he turned into a bull again.

This bull was black and white, full of mysteries, and contained the aura of the old world and the new world. It was also a combination.

"Very good," said Zhuge Ya. "Zhao Jiangshan has turned into a bull again, and this time, he has lost all will to fight. From now on, it will be very difficult for him to escape," said Zhuge Ya.

"To him, this is actually a good fortune."

Wen Hong said, "If he had been stubborn, he would have died without a doubt, and would never have had a chance to rise again. Once the peerless immortal realm is destroyed, there is no chance for him to be reborn." "That's true."

Zhuge Ya said, "Now that he has turned into a bull again, he can open the void again, and create all kinds of universes. To him, this is the best choice."

"Now that so many protagonists have been born, we need to make more preparations, and wait for the strongest one to be born."

Lou Baiyue threw it, and immediately, shackles appeared on Zhao Jiangshan's black and white bull, and then a carriage appeared, pulled by a bull.

"What about this guy?" Zhuge Ya pointed at Lin Xiaofan.

At this time, Lin Xiaofan was speechless. His cultivation was profound, but in front of the peerless immortal realm, there was no way he could use it. He was originally the Chosen One of the Arcana World, and he was proud and arrogant, but he had suffered setbacks again and again. He had a big brother, Wen Tingyu, but he was killed in the blink of an eye, and then Zhao Jiangshan was turned into a bull. He had almost become the disciple of a big brother, but this big brother had met with misfortune.

"Let him be." Lou Baiyue waved her hand, "He won't amount to anything."