Chapter 686
===========

"Jing Qiu, you traitor. Have you forgotten that Lord North Star has supported and nurtured you so much? To think that you would immediately betray us. "Hu Gu Shen was so angry that her eyes turned white.

"The North Star wants to steal my foundation. This is unforgivable. The Holy Sama Empire is the path that I have painstakingly built. I want to rely on this empire to transcend and advance. Anyone who tries to encroach on my empire is seeking death!" Jing Qiu's voice became sharp.

To Jing Qiu, the Holy Sama Empire that he had single-handedly created was much more important than his wife and son. This empire's civilization carried his ideals, his spirit, and his principles. It was like a work of art that an artist had painstakingly created. Now that the North Star wanted to destroy it, how could he allow that?

"The North Star is too stupid."

The Dharma Saint sighed and said, "He encroaches on the faith of the Holy Sama Empire, which means that he wants Jing Qiu's life. In fact, he might even go overboard. In this way, it would be strange if Jing Qiu didn't fight him to the death. Everyone has a bottom line, and the Holy Sama Empire is Jing Qiu's bottom line. Look, in order to rope in Jing Qiu, I won't encroach on this empire. That way, we can coexist peacefully and form an alliance. If we don't know this and just take it by force, it won't last long. However, we can't blame the North Star. The Primordial Sky Demon Path is pure plunder.

The North Star doesn't know how to be flexible, so it will naturally be deserted. However, I'm different. My principles are the laws of all ages. Where the laws are, the rules are. Anything that is recorded in the laws cannot cross the line.

I have already made three rules with Jing Qiu, which are recorded in the laws of all ages. This is my Dao. If I destroy my own Dao, I will be consigned to eternal damnation. I am the embodiment of the law, so when Jing Qiu cooperates with me, as long as the laws are set, he won't have to worry about me going back on my word. However, with the North Star, the Dao of the Demon Clan is temperamental and will turn hostile. Who would be at ease with such a cooperation? "

"Lord Dharma Saint created the code of laws, rules, and the order of Heaven and Earth. This is the supreme example of the Divine Path. How can the North Star Empire, which goes back on its words, compare to him?" Jing Qiu's expression returned to calmness, as if it was only natural.

"Alright, Aunt Hu, I'll ask you one more time. Either submit to me or die! Which one do you want? "Wu Dangkong seemed to have lost his patience.

"I'm willing to join you."

Hu Gu Shen knew that she was in a disadvantageous position. "However, I have the North Star God's restriction on me. If the North Star God finds out about this, with just a thought, I will die without a burial place."

"Don't worry, the North Star God won't know about this. This place has been enveloped by the power of the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree. Even if the North Star God reaches the Celestial Longevity Realm, the same level as Wan Senshi, it won't have such a powerful divine ability. Moreover, I've already sent the old antiques of the Heavenly Devil Race to surround the North Star God. He won't be able to care about anything else, so we can set up a plan here."

As the Dharma Saint spoke, he looked at Longevity God. "Longevity God, your luck is indeed extraordinary. You actually obtained two True God positions. Although you were restricted by the North Star God, you met me after that. I isolated the North Star God's will, allowing you to seize the opportunity to refine the Heavenly Devil Tree in your body, obtaining great nourishment instead." "What does Lord Dharma Saint want me to do?"

Longevity God said calmly, "Lord Dharma Saint pays attention to the law, and the rules he sets won't be changed. I believe in this, compared to the treacherous old monsters like the North Star God, it's much better. I'm willing to serve Lord Dharma Saint."

"Very good, you really know how to adapt to the circumstances. I won't control you. Controlling you is already a bad thing. Even the monarchs of the human world don't use restrictions to control their subordinates. They use the principle of serving the country, the people, and the court to brainwash and control them. The North Star God's methods aren't even as good as the monarchs of the human world. How can they compare to me? "

The Dharma Saint said disdainfully, "Longevity God, you can indeed wield three True God positions, and after that, you can fully unleash their power, so I let you wield them. Jing Qiu, give him the True God position. " "Yes! Lord Dharma Saint. "

This time, Jing Qiu didn't hesitate. He took out the True God position and gave it to the Dharma Saint.

The Warlock Saint pointed with his finger, and a force wrapped around it and sent it directly into the depths of the Longevity God's dust world. Then, he activated some unknown technique and immediately connected the True God positions of the Longevity God and the Longevity God. Under the illumination of the light, they began to suppress the Heavenly Demon Tree.

"Wu Dangkong, activate the Heaven Sacrificial Decree and lend me a hand."

At this moment, the Warlock Saint said, "Now, the God of Longevity's accumulation in the Tiny World has been completely fulfilled. This is also thanks to the accumulation of the three True Gods' Grand Heavenly Demon Tree. I will let the God of Longevity refine it now and create a Minor Chiliocosm. This is the best bait to lure Gou Chen." "This plan is really great."

Wu Dangkong was also very excited. "Lord Warlock Saint wants to capture the North Star Nation and bring it into his own medium-class world. Once that happens, the power of the medium-class world will be able to suppress the ancient times. Even my cultivation level will increase." "That's right."

The Warlock Saint said, "The Longevity God can be used as bait to lure the North Star Country. What the North Star Country needs now is to recover from its injuries. After we assist the Longevity God in creating the Small Chiliocosm and place all kinds of treasures in it, the North Star Country will definitely come to seize it.

"What treasure to use to lure the North Star God?" Wu Dangkong's body shot out a light.

This light is the power of the Heaven Sacrifice Decree, and it fused with the Dharma Saint's power and poured into Longevity God's body.

"Very good."

At this time, Gu Chensha understood, "I didn't expect Wu Dangkong to be able to use the power of the Heaven Sacrifice Decree. That means he is truly under the command of the heavens. Back then, I was far from being able to develop this talisman's ability to suppress the ages. Since that's the case, I'll retract this power and combine them. " Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Technique was fully activated and actually fused with the Longevity God. He was Longevity Blessing God, and Longevity Blessing God was him.

With his support, the Longevity God's cultivation rose steadily, and it swallowed all of the Warlock Sage's input.

"Good!"

When the Warlock Sage saw that the Longevity God had swallowed all his power, a look of surprise appeared in his eyes. "Longevity God, I have underestimated you. You have hidden yourself very well and have the demeanor of the Mighty Spiritual God. You are the little Mighty Spiritual God.

It seems that even without my help, you can break free from the North Star God's restraint in time. " "The world changes, and no one will retreat if they can seize every second."

Longevity God said, "I can quickly break free from the North Star God's restraint because of Dharma Saint's grace. I will not betray him." "Remember what you said today."

Dharma Saint said with deep meaning, "Next, I will help you advance to a Lesser Chiliocosm. Then, I will join forces with Wu Dangkong to use the treasures left behind from ancient times and the power of the Heaven Sacrifice Decree to simulate the aura of the Sun Moon Lord. This aura will definitely attract the North Star God to seize it. At that time, your Lesser Chiliocosm will become a trap, trapping the North Star God inside. I will then help you and use your Lesser Chiliocosm to seal the North Star God. Once it succeeds, your strength will increase by several times and reach the Heavenly Venerable Realm. I can also obtain the North Star God True Body and subdue the Primordial Myriad Demon Ancestor to achieve my ideal realm." "Simulate the aura of the Sun Moon Lord!" Hu Gu Shen let out a painful groan. She knew that this was a trap laid out by Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong.

If it was the aura of the Sun Moon Lord, the North Star Empire would definitely not let it go and would definitely take the bait. If it was just the Dharma Saint, even with the help of the Heaven Devil Race, they might not be able to suppress the North Star Empire. However, with the addition of the Heaven Offering Decree, things were different.

Hu Gu God knew how terrifying the power of the Heaven Sacrificial Decree was. This was the true power of the Heavenly Dao. It was not something that ordinary powers could compare to. Basically, with her intelligence, the North Star Empire was doomed. It was obvious that the Warlock Saint had taken everything into consideration for his scheme. The power kept pouring into Longevity God's body.

All the power in Longevity God's Minute Dust World was stimulated, exploding and shaking. The Minute Dust World was about to transform into a Minor Thousand World.

Gu Chensha, who was inside, kept absorbing power and began to use this power to temper his body. He himself had reached a critical point. At this moment, when the power of Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong poured into Longevity God's body, it was equivalent to pouring into his body. Instantly, his Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique changed.

The power of the Heaven Sacrificial Decree merged with the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique, causing his comprehension of the technique to increase by another level. Kacha! His cultivation evolved once more.

He reached the Dao Realm 29 Transformation, Comprehend Primal Chaos, and he was just a step away from God Realm.

"Congratulations on breaking through, King.

As expected, King's foresight is far above mine. You knew that Dharma Saint wanted to target the North Star Empire, so you hid there. Not only did my cultivation increase, but I also used the power of Dharma Saint and the Heaven Sacrificial Decree to break through. In time, King will reach God Realm. Once King becomes God Realm, it won't be a problem for you to sweep the world. "

At this moment, Longevity God knew how amazing Gu Chensha was. He could sense that Gu Chensha's huge power was waiting to be unleashed. Once he reached God Realm, he would be 100 times stronger than he was now!

To Gu Chensha, God Realm was a huge barrier that was tough to cross. But once he did, he wouldn't be someone that normal God Realm experts could compare to.

"It is natural for Dharma Saint to plot against the North Star Empire. Apart from Dharma Saint, there is also Wan Senshi.

But Dharma Saint contacted Wu Dangkong and borrowed the power of the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. That way, Wan Senshi won't be able to do anything to him, so he might not attack anymore. "Gu Chensha said," Of course, I don't know some of Wan Senshi's secrets.

He definitely won't be willing to let Dharma Saint take over the North Star Empire again. That way, we will have more opportunities, and you will definitely be nurtured by Wan Senshi.

Now that I have possessed your body, our Fates will be superimposed, and we will be able to overturn heaven and earth, reverse yin and yang. We can hide from most of the big shots, and the benefits are unimaginable. But it won't be that easy for me to break through to God Realm. " ..... The Dragon Talisman had unknowingly reached 2 million words. Everyone knows that after the Emperor of the Cosmos ended, I basically didn't write for a year.

Most of that was because the website fell into the hands of others. Those people didn't understand online literature and interfered, which made me disheartened. Also, after writing for more than 10 years, I was too tired. From Buddhism to Dao, Black Mountain's Old Demon, The Romance of Dragon and Snake, Sun God, Eternal Life, Sage King, Emperor of the Cosmos, a total of 7 books, more than 20 million words. These 10 years of wind and rain, how many 10 years could a person have in life? So I prepared to change my life at that time.

But later, I felt that I was really not willing to give up just like that, so my team and I took back the website, and then I wrote a new Dragon Talisman.

Starting from the Emperor of the Cosmos, the main characters of my books have changed, and everyone must have noticed it.

In the previous books, be it the main character of Buddhism is Dao, Zhou Qing, the main character of Black Mountain's Wang Zhong, the main character of Dragon and Snake's Wang Chao, the Sun God's Hong Yi, the Eternal Life's Fang Han, or the Sage King's Yang Qi.

These people all showed off their abilities, flying unhindered, like peerless swords, cutting through the waterfall of life and death, dripping with joy.

But the main character of the Emperor of the Cosmos, Jiang Li, was more peaceful, and the plot of the entire book also became more ordinary, without the previous exciting words.

In this Dragon Talisman book, the protagonist, Gu Chensha, was no longer as clean and efficient as the previous protagonists who killed anyone in their way.

The changes in these two books surprised me. The biggest reason was because I was older, and my personality was much more peaceful, so whether it was the main character's personality or the plot of the book, they all became more ordinary. My life was ordinary, and my writing was ordinary.

Just as I thought that my writing and life would be ordinary, the previous person in charge of the Divine Arms Battalion, the Emperor of the Cosmos' Billion Guildmaster, came to find me.

He told me, "Divine Armament, it's been a long time since you showed up in front of the old brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion. Everyone is still reading your book, waiting for you to speak.

The old brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion haven't dispersed, and the seventy-two guilds are still here. The book can't be written, but the brothers can't be separated. " When I heard this, my heart was moved, and I almost burst into tears.

The hot-blooded feeling I had when I was Sun God's Eight Consecutive Monthly Votes, and the fighting spirit of the Emperor of the Cosmos' Billion Guildmaster, seemed to have returned to my body. No matter what, the brothers can't be separated.

Hence, we started to act crazily. We started contacting our old brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion. With the help of the despicable Ge, Xiaowu, and other old hardcore fans, we established the Divine Arms Dojo. It was a place for the brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion to gather. Everyone could read books and practice martial arts. We could pursue our own lives, our own path, and our own hot-bloodedness. Our brothers from all over the world finally had a home to return to. All the readers who have read my book, Dreaming of Divine Armaments, are brothers. I will release the news about the Divine Armament Dojo on my official WeChat account and Weibo.

Also, Little Five and the other old brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion, Little Five, will read and practice martial arts together with us. We will direct and act in our own performances and take videos and pictures of the stories in and out of the book.

Readers of the Divine Strategy Battalion, please contact Xiaowu and Scummy Character and join our big family.

For this reunion event, a few rich people of the Divine Arms Battalion and the author's fan platform of the Orange Melon App have sponsored an iPhone 7, three gold coins, ten signed books, and 30 sets of the Divine Arms Battalion's Tang Dynasty uniform.

All of them will be given to the brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion who picked on the wrong people. This is our reward receiving group: {127066225}. There are Little Five and Little Five, as well as the rich people who sponsored this event.

If you join the group, not only will you receive an iPhone 7 and gold coins, but you will also receive an invitation from the Divine Armament Dojo. You can come here and eat, drink, and have fun with us, and film the characters in the book. If you download the Orange Melon App, you can also see the videos of my dojo. Because of the fate caused by the book, we are connected in reality.

From now on, we bid farewell to the plain and burn with passion and hot blood, both in and out of the book. Me! Dreaming of Divine Armaments. It's back. The Divine Arms Battalion is back too.