Chapter 787
===========

Old Man Primordial's clone had gathered the purest spiritual energy of the five elements. It was much stronger than the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, Black Tortoise, and North Star Star.

Gu Chensha used the Divine Land Gourd to absorb this clone. It was at the Heavenly Life Realm. Although it wasn't as strong as Xing Qiongshi, it was equivalent to one-fifth of Xing Qiongshi's main body. From this, one could see how much the five elements energy could benefit the Divine Land Gourd.

There was the sound of wind, thunder, clouds, and tides within the Divine Land Gourd. Looking into the gourd, one could see that it was filled with nebulae, as if it was about to turn into a new star. Below the star was the Divine Land. There was a huge amount of spirituality in the Divine Land Gourd.

The Divine Land Gourd wasn't the Divine Land anymore. It was actually showing signs of turning into a Heaven Realm.

Xing Qiongshi's will was suppressed once more. Other than being able to speak, her control over the Divine Land Gourd was almost non-existent.

"Xing Qiongshi, what do you think of the Dragon Gate?

Is the situation like Old Man Primordial said? "Gu Chensha looked at the changes in the Divine Land Gourd and asked Xing Qiongshi.

"Gu Chensha, don't think I'll give you any ideas."

Xing Qiongshi's tone was filled with disdain, "You refined me into a treasure. This is your doom. If you die, I can be free.

I can also refine you and devour you instead. I'll curse you at all times and mess up your Divine Land Gourd. " "Don't worry."

Gu Chensha did not care at all. "The depths of the Primordial Dragon's Gate can be said to be a dragon's lair and a tiger's den. However, it is nothing to me. Xing Qiongshi didn't say anything and fell silent.

Gu Chensha carried the Desolate Desolate Gourd and entered the depths of the Desolate Dragon Gate. Originally, he did not dare to enter, and had stayed outside to study. However, Old Man Prehistoric had come out to lure him, and he had destroyed one of his incarnations. From that incarnation, he had obtained many secrets. These secrets allowed him to understand the changes in the depths of the Desolate Dragon Gate. Some of the things that Old Man Primordial told him were true and false. Not everything contained in this incarnation was real.

The Prehistoric Old Man was extremely cunning. He had abandoned this incarnation because it could not withstand Gu Chensha's attack. However, he also had the intention of deliberately misleading Gu Chensha. He had placed confusion in this incarnation, causing Gu Chensha to think that he had obtained the secret of the Prehistoric Dragon Gate. Gu Chensha had entered it and fallen into a desperate situation.

However, with Gu Chensha's current cultivation base, he could completely separate the false from the true. He could distinguish between true and false information and analyze the truth from the false information. The temple has been calculating for tens of thousands of years without any negligence.

As his body transformed, he silently merged with the Dao of the Heavens. The instant he entered the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, he vanished. No one could sense his existence, nor could they divine any traces of him. After all, he didn't even have his own fate.

After entering the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, Gu Chensha immediately sensed that this legendary supreme divine item lived up to its name. Surging dragon qi surged out.

The dragon qi was extremely complicated. It contained the qi of a berserk dragon, the qi of a vile dragon, the qi of a true dragon, the qi of a murderous dragon, the qi of a greedy dragon, the qi of a ghost dragon, the qi of a holy dragon, the qi of a blessed dragon, and the qi of an absolute dragon.

This dragon qi corresponded to the countless emotions in one's heart. With a single thought, ten thousand dragons could be born, and the ten thousand dragons could transform into one heart.

Gu Chensha could feel the power of the Chiliocosm at every moment. The Chiliocosm Dragon constantly attacked and crushed him. The pressure here was even greater than in the Land of Ashes.

If it were so easy to sneak into the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, many Sages and Celestial Venerables would have come to collect the qi of the Dragon Nurturing, Dragon Creation, and Holy Dragon. They might even have wanted to grasp the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra. Now, no one could grasp the complete Holy Dragon Heart Sutra.

Not even the Great Spirit God could do it. Old Man Untainted could not either. Although these two existences lived in the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, they did not fully understand the secret of this supreme divine weapon.

"Ten thousand dragons and ten thousand qi, all into one."

Gu Chensha slapped his hand, and suddenly, the Divine Land Gourd also emitted a long roar of ten thousand dragons. Amidst this roar, a stream of dragon qi floated out of the Divine Land Gourd and gathered at the mouth of the gourd without dissipating. After that, it actually condensed into a small Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate.

This small Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate began to absorb the qi from the depths of the real Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate.

Regardless of whether it was good or bad, it would all be absorbed into the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate and gathered into a ball, creating the main body of the small Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate.

Since he had entered the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, he had to gain something. The depths of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate were filled with treasures. Even a strand of qi was incomparably precious. It was the best material to create the Divine Land Gourd.

Gu Chensha had obtained the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, and was proficient in the Son of Heaven's Investiture Dao. He had also created the World Tree into a small Hongmeng Tree, and even used Victorious Battle Celestial's Hongmeng qi to gain some enlightenment of the Hongmeng Dao. In the early days, he had used the Dragonization Pagoda as the foundation to create his own Dragon Gate. One could say that he had a good understanding of the three great treasures. RUMBLE!

His actions seemed to have angered the will of the Desolate Dragon Sect. Suddenly, even more changes occurred. All of a sudden, all the draconic qi changed and condensed into primordial gods.

These primordial gods had human heads and dragon bodies. They were ancient and full of vicissitudes. At a glance, they seemed to be billions of rivers. Each of the primordial gods unleashed their strongest attacks.

As the ancient innate gods chanted, the word 'dragon' appeared in their mouths. The word spread out and formed a huge dragon mountain that pressed down on Gu Chensha.

"Just in time!"

Gu Chensha slapped the Divine Prefecture Gourd again. At this time, emperor's energy flew out from the Divine Prefecture Gourd and turned into countless ancient emperors. These ancient emperors pointed at the sky and stomped on the ground, commanding the rivers and mountains. Together, they formed a decree. It was the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman.

The Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate produced the primordial gods, while Gu Chensha produced the ancient emperors. They fought tit for tat, and refused to back down. In an instant, the primordial gods and ancient emperors clashed. Everything returned to chaos. Gu Chensha's body also seemed to disappear in the collision of this level.

After a while, the chaos calmed down and Gu Chensha appeared again. The Divine Prefecture Gourd had shrunk to the size of a fist, and could be held in a palm.

"As expected, in the depths of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, I borrowed the power of the Dragon Gate to refine the Divine Prefecture Gourd. It's like a fish in water. When the Divine Prefecture Gourd evolves, it will probably surpass the Little Hongmeng Tree and form a strange medium-sized world." Gu Chensha's face was filled with joy. At this moment, a sword light suddenly appeared, slashing at the back of Gu Chensha's head.

This sword light was condensed and strange. It was like a gossamer thread that could destroy anything. But before it reached Gu Chensha, it encountered an umbrella. The Endless Umbrella was propped up, and no attacks could hurt Gu Chensha in the slightest.

Gu Chensha had seized the Infinity Umbrella from Fa Wuxian and completely refined it into his body. It had already become one with the Heavenly Dao and was inseparable. At the critical moment, the umbrella would automatically come out to block the enemy.

The sword light stopped on the umbrella. Gu Chensha grabbed out with his hand, and the power of his claw broke through the killing intent in the sword light. Then, he turned his claw into a palm and slammed it into the air.

"Ah!"

In the distance, from an unknown layer of the spatial kingdom, a scream could be heard. Clearly, the person who wielded the sword had suffered a great loss.

"Retract!"

Gu Chensha gently retracted his hand, and a small sword appeared in his hand. It was only three inches long, but it shone with a brilliant light like a lightning dragon. It was constantly vibrating, as though it wanted to break through the void. One could see billions of lightning crackling within the sword. It was actually a top-notch primordial treasure, an innate spiritual treasure. The nature of this sword seemed to be above that of the All-encompassing Shattering Cudgel.

"Good sword, but it's a pity that it doesn't have the right method."

Gu Chensha observed the sword. "Just now, when this sword slashed at me, the Endless Umbrella automatically blocked it. In the depths of the sword will, I can actually sense the aura of the Endless Umbrella. The Endless Umbrella is the origin divine weapon of the Heaven Realm of the Endless Thirty-Six Treasures. The only sword that can break it is the number one divine weapon, the Endless Sword.

However, this sword is not the Endless Sword, but it has the sword will of the Endless Sword. Could it be that the reincarnation of the number one divine weapon has appeared?

Could it be that the reincarnation of The Great Spirit God has appeared in the Untainted Dragon Gate?

If that's the case, things are a little troublesome. The foundation of The Great Spirit God is far more than this. "

As he pondered, Gu Chensha threw the sword into the Divine Land Gourd, and it became a resource for the gourd. Then, he activated his divine ability and began to see the location of The Great Spirit God.

From the sword light just now, in the depths of the Untainted Dragon Gate, there were not only two great existences, Old Man Primitive and The Great Spirit God. There was also a tyrannical force. This was because the sword light did not belong to Old Man Primitive and The Great Spirit God.

Among the Endless Thirty-Six Treasures, the Endless Sword had the strongest attack, and the Endless Heart was the most mysterious, connecting everything.

The person who wielded the sword just now must have followed the reincarnation of the Sword of Infinity to cultivate sword techniques, which caused the Infinity Umbrella to fluctuate.

However, Gu Chensha felt that it would be better if the factions in the depths of the Dragon Sect were more complicated. That way, it would be easier for him to carry out his plans.

The depths of the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Universe was a Boundless Universe that encompassed everything. It was not an easy task for him to find the true body of The Great Spirit God. Old Man Desolation had also completely disappeared.

Gu Chensha continued to walk through the Dragon Gate of the Great Desolate Era. He realized that there were all sorts of Dragon Qi. They intertwined with each other, shook each other, exploded each other, and fought against each other. They did not settle down to form land, mountains, rivers, and other lands. This made Gu Chensha feel a little strange.

This was because in the depths of any Great Thousand World, there would be stable space-time. In the end, mountains and rivers would form and nurture all living beings. Then, all living beings would offer sacrifices to the heavens and earth to make up for the Great Thousand World. It was like a commoner farming. However, that was not the case for the Primordial Universe Dragon Sect. Announcement: This site recommends a free app. Say goodbye to all ads. Please follow the official WeChat account to download and install appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy)