Chapter 1025
============

Shocking Start

The strength of the young man continued to grow. The more he activated his spirit force, the more spirit qi gushed out from the depths of his heart, causing the surrounding environment to change. The more spirit qi gushed out, the greater the power gushing out from the depths of his heart.

Simply put, in the past, the more spiritual energy one absorbed, the stronger one would become. The more energy one absorbed from the outside world, the higher one's cultivation base would be. But now, everything had changed. The more one gave to the world, the stronger one would become. The moment one was born, one had to nurture the world and not the other way around.

"Dao Realm First Transformation, Dao Realm Second Transformation …" The teen continued to spread his Soul Force. Not only was his house filled with spiritual energy, but the spiritual energy also spread out and filled up the entire town. The entire town was covered in fog. This fog was a sign of spiritual energy liquefaction.

Countless people did not know what was going on, but they felt comfortable breathing in the spirit fog. It was as if their bodies had been cleansed, and even the animals had received great benefits.

The young man's strength continued to grow, reaching the Dao Realm Ten Changes Realm. In the end, he stopped at the Dao Realm Nineteen Changes Realm, Size Manipulation. He was just a bit away from breaking through the Dao Realm Twenty Changes Realm, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence.

Once one reached the Dao Realm 20 Transformation Realm, one wouldn't have a physical body anymore. The physical body would turn into spiritual energy and the spiritual energy wouldn't be spiritual energy but celestial energy.

This phenomenon spread in the town and then to the surrounding towns. It occupied the entire county. All of a sudden, many experts in the county broke through.

"Eh?" At that moment, a Celestial Path Sect seemed to have noticed that something was wrong.

This Celestial Path Sect was huge and the Sect Leader was an Empyrean Realm expert. His Divine Sense swept out and he was constantly monitoring the continent. He suddenly noticed such a situation.

"Hahaha …" The Celestial was overjoyed. "It's the Dragonless Heart Sutra! I can't believe someone in my territory has successfully cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra! This is big news! I have to capture him and suppress him, then devour him. That way, I can comprehend the sutra as well. Rumor has it that once I comprehend the sutra, I'll be able to obtain an earth-shattering divine ability. Honglong! The Empyrean personally descended on the town and appeared in front of the teen. The teen opened his eyes and noticed that there was someone in front of him.

"Who are you?" the young man asked fiercely.

"Brat, don't ask me who I am. I'll give you a great opportunity right now. Immediately acknowledge me as your master and become my disciple, and I'll teach you a peerless divine art. You'll be able to truly stand tall in this world," the Celestial said in an ear-piercing voice.

"Right now, I'm cultivating a peerless divine art. In the depths of a person's heart, there are boundless treasures. They're even vaster than the world itself. As long as we continue to develop them, we'll be able to attain eternity. Right now, I've only developed a bit. As I progress, I'll definitely reach my goal. Why should I take you as my master? Furthermore, I can tell that you haven't gained enlightenment of this mental cultivation technique. Your cultivation base is still focused on plundering worlds to strengthen yourself.

The youth's strength couldn't compare to an Empyrean at all. Although he comprehended the Dragonless Heart Technique, his cultivation was still at the Dao Realm 19 Transformation, Size Manipulation Realm. In terms of combat strength, he could be killed by an Empyrean 10,000 times.

"Looks like you refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit."

The Empyrean wasn't in the mood to talk nonsense with the teen. He attacked. He had already locked down the space around and no matter how strong the teen was, he wouldn't be able to escape.

The teen's face was ashen white. He knew that even if he became the Empyrean's disciple, he would end up in a really bad state. But he had no way to fight back and he wasn't his match at all. Honglong! The Empyrean's palm pressed down and the teen could only close his eyes and accept his fate. But at that moment, the entire space changed once more.

A few people appeared in the space. The strong power suppressed the Empyrean such that he couldn't move at all. The Empyrean's eyes opened wide. That was because their clothes and the halos behind their heads represented a faction that couldn't be offended.

"Empyrean, do you know your crimes?"

These people were all young, but they actually gave off the aura of Heaven Essence Realm. They directly questioned him.

"Commoner … Yes … Yes …" The Empyrean was nearly frightened to death.

"The Imperial Court clearly wants to help those who have mastered the Dragonless Heart Technique. Not only did you not help them, but you also want to suppress them. You have ulterior motives. You want to go against the Imperial Court. You deserve to die." "Commoner doesn't dare. Commoner won't ever dare again. Spare me, spare me." The Empyrean kowtowed.

"Unforgivable."

The few young men looked at each other and joined forces. In the blink of an eye, the Empyrean transformed into a horse.

"What's your name?"

The few Heaven Essence Realm young men asked the young man who had just mastered the Dragonless Heart Technique. "Don't be afraid. We're from the Yongchō Dragonless Division. We go around recruiting people who have mastered the Dragonless Heart Technique and protecting them. We've all mastered the Dragonless Heart Technique and created worlds and universes." "My name is Er Gou." The young man said.

"That's not a good name. But when we reach the Dragonless Division, His Majesty will give us a new name."

"You can have the Empyrean's horse. He tried to capture you, kill you, and devour you. That's an unforgivable crime. Not killing him is already a great blessing. From now on, we'll be your oxen and your horse, never to be free." "Many thanks for the reward," Er Gou said, following the young men away. Such things were happening everywhere in the mortal world.

Thanks to Gu Chensha's unification of the mortal world, the Dragonless Heart Technique was being spread. Every day, there would be people who mastered it. However, the strange thing was that the weaker one's cultivation base was, the easier it was for them to gain enlightenment of the Dragonless Heart Technique. On the other hand, the Ancestor, the Empyrean, the Empyrean, and the Empyrean, had a very hard time.

The truth was that the higher one's cultivation base was, the deeper the karma of plundering the world would be. Everyone who wanted to reach the Empyrean level had to plunder and plunder the world. Who knew how much energy and vital energy they had absorbed from the world? To sever the karma and become a Dragonless Heart Technique was extremely difficult. The only way to do that was to give up all of one's cultivation base and become an ordinary person. But how many people would be willing to give up their cultivation base?

This was the reason why Gu Chensha had turned many of his opponents into ordinary people. He had done so to save them.

Just as many of Gu Chensha's subordinates were busy with their work, the Emperor Of Heaven and the Fourth were also carrying out their own plans to create a universe. In a space of nothingness, Ol 'Four released his own universe. This universe was exactly the same as the Heaven Realm.

There were more than 2,000 Ancestor realm experts surrounding this universe. Zhang Ziran was among them, and Zhang Yi Ren was also cooperating with them. These people had no choice but to submit to Gu Chensha's rule. However, deep in their hearts, they were extremely unwilling to submit. Right now, they were gathered together to create another Gu Chensha to fight against the current Gu Chensha.

"Everyone, I've said everything I wanted to say."

The Fourth looked at the rotating universe in front of him and said, "You can still cultivate the Dragonless Heart Technique if you channel all of your power into the universe. Among all of you, there are basically no Dragonless Heart Technique. That's because the karma is too deep. Just take this opportunity to create a universe and remove the karma. I'll help you all. When you remove the karma, you can preserve your own strength. You should have seen by now that only the Dragonless Heart Technique can fight against Gu Chensha." "The specific manipulation is indeed feasible."

The Confucianism Ancestor said, "Actually, it's not that we don't want to cultivate the Dragonless Heart Technique. In reality, the karma involved is too deep and cannot be taken away. Right now, your plan is for us to channel our power into this brand new universe and remove the karma. But because everyone is united, the universe's Heavenly Dao is rapidly boiling, so we won't lose our power for a long time and become ordinary people."

"The reason why we don't dare to abandon our cultivation and cut off our karma is because we are afraid that after we lose our cultivation, we won't be able to comprehend the Dragonless Heart Technique. Even if we do comprehend the Dragonless Heart Technique, we won't be able to recover our strength in a short period of time. The progress of the Dragonless Heart Technique requires us to constantly use our own power to create a world and provide it with abundant resources. During this process, you will create many existences that oppose you. There is even a possibility that they will rebel and kill you."

The Ancestor of Justice sighed, "I feel that the original cultivation method was to devour all things to achieve oneself. But the current Dragonless Heart Technique is to create all things to threaten oneself."

"That's the logic, but this is the trend of the times. We have no choice but to proceed. Therefore, this is an opportunity for us. I have already cultivated the Dragonless Heart Technique and can protect you." The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "I have already told you all my thoughts. Do you know what to do now?" "Now that things have come to this, we can only take a gamble.

Otherwise, even if we don't get oppressed by Gu Chensha, we will gradually fall behind in the future. I heard that Gu Chensha has already sent people to gather all the youths who have cultivated the Dragonless Heart Technique. When they gather together and start to grow, they will completely eliminate us. We can't compare to them. They have much more room to grow than us. "The Ancestor of Evil and the others said.

"That's the logic. We, the ancestors, are actually a transition. We appeared in the past thousand years. And during these thousand years, Gu Chensha created the human world and expanded it. We are like derivatives created by him. Now, we have become his obstacles. He actually wants to kill us and integrate into the human world to help those who have cultivated the Dragonless Heart Technique. But we don't want to follow his wishes." The Ancestor of Love let out a long roar.