Chapter 395
===========

Gu Chensha found it hard to communicate with Xing Qiongshi. Zhuge Ya didn't say any specific details. Of course, it was possible that he himself didn't know, so he left it to Gu Chensha to deal with. Gu Chensha couldn't let Zhuge Ya predict everything. He had to have the ability to solve problems.

"That's fine. I'll activate my Dan Qi and go down to test it out."

A streak of core energy appeared at Gu Chensha's brow. It flew out and formed into a human shape that flew deep into the ocean. The core energy was connected to his soul.

The core energy wasn't affected by the pressure of the ocean and continued to head deep into the trench. The trench beneath the jade mountain was endless and who knew how deep it was?

His Core Qi descended for a whole hour, but he still didn't reach the bottom of the sea, nor did he find any trace of Xing Qiong's head.

He searched for another four to six hours and still didn't reach the bottom. It seemed like there was a space underground.

In the end, the core energy was used up and it dissipated into the ocean. He still didn't find any traces of Xing Qiongshi.

"I sensed the vengeful energy but I can't find any traces when I use my core energy to search? Is Xing Qiongshi hiding? "He was really confused. Suddenly, an aura spread down from the ocean surface.

"Someone is here." Gu Chensha knew that an expert had come down. His body shrunk and he turned into sand. He hid and sensed the movement around.

A girl appeared in the ocean. She wasn't afraid of the pressure of the ocean at all. Even the ocean water couldn't pressure her body and it was as if she was an illusionary body.

"Wu Dangkong!"

Gu Chensha could tell that this girl was really familiar. It was Wu Dangkong. This girl had many fortuitous encounters and her cultivation was really strong. At this moment, she was already at the 22 changes of the Dao Realm, Astronomical Phenomenon. Moreover, it was much higher than Jing Fanxing's.

Wu Dangkong was also someone who had obtained the "Heavenly Abode Grand Ritual" and "Dharma King Grand Ritual". Her magic power was so strong that even three or four Jing Fanxing's might not be her match. Moreover, she had cultivated the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art, which allowed her to sweep through everything in her path with endless mysteries.

However, Gu Chensha secretly calculated that if this woman fought with him, he would definitely be able to suppress her. The prerequisite was that this woman did not hide in the space of the Sun Moon Altar.

"It should be here."

Wu Dangkong also landed on the jade mountain and looked at the jade. "It is indeed a seal set up by the ancient Son of Heaven." She was not afraid of the water pressure because she had cultivated mana.

After cultivating Dao Realm Transformation 20, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence, one would be a ball of law power. Without a physical body, one wouldn't be afraid of water pressure and the changes in the magnetic field.

Magic power was not the primordial spirit. The primordial spirit was still afraid of the vibrations of the magnetic poles. Magic power, on the other hand, was able to communicate with the natural laws. There were so many mysteries that it was hard to imagine.

"Transforming Jade Talisman!"

Wu Dangkong landed and activated the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Technique. The Transforming Jade Talisman appeared. She wanted to slap the talisman onto the jade mountain and melt it, turning the jade into nectar.

"Stop!" Gu Chensha reached out with a palm, catching the Jade Transformation Talisman, stopping Wu Dangkong's actions.

"It is you!"

Wu Dangkong was about to use a powerful technique to kill the person blocking her but when she saw that it was Gu Chensha, her expression turned cold, "What are you doing here?" She had heard from Zhuge Ya that Gu Chensha knew the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique. This made her really worried. Moreover, she also knew that the decree was in Gu Chensha's hands.

"Your Highness Consort Ming, we all know why we've come here."

Gu Chensha was wary of Wu Dangkong's actions, "This is the place where the head of Xing Qiongshi is being suppressed. Are you here to release him?" "So what if I am? So what if I'm not? Do you think you can stop me? "Wu Dangkong did not have a good expression towards Gu Chensha.

"Hahahaha …" Gu Chensha laughed, "Wu Dangkong, don't think that you can do whatever you want just because you obtained the decree. If you want to release the head of Xing Qiongshi, I will suppress you right now. The decree is just something I played with. You are treating it like a treasure. I can cripple Jing Fanxing's martial arts, and I can also cripple your cultivation. " "Gu Chensha, you are very confident?"

Wudang Kong's eyes flashed with killing intent. "Your current cultivation is only at the level of 19 Big and Small Ruyi, while I am at the level of 22 Heaven and Earth Transformation. Both of us cultivate the Son of Heaven Seal God Art. What can you do to me?

I know you defeated Jing Fanxing, Gu Huo, Wang Ji, and Xiao Yan's joint assassination in the Demon Domain. But in my opinion, these people are actually useless. " "Forget it. I don't want to fight pointlessly with you."

A cold smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face. "Words are no proof. I really want to see what realm your Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art has reached. Who is more profound?"

Gu Chensha's current cultivation and battle strength had far surpassed the strength he had when he fought Jing Fanxing in the Demon Domain.

Over the past few days, his battle with Fa Wuxian had stimulated the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Grand Monarch, shattering the various bloodlines in his body and refining them into the Mortal Life True Blood. He had even cultivated the Heavenly Demon Tree and obtained the memory fragments left behind by the ancient demon race sages in time. He had comprehended many techniques and secret arts that the ancient cultivators didn't. His cultivation had gradually surpassed the ancient cultivators and reached a new and unknown realm.

At the same time, his comprehension of the Dao of Divergent had reached a new realm. Although he couldn't truly comprehend the Divergent, it was still greatly beneficial to his cultivation.

"Sun Moon Annihilation!"

Gu Chensha executed the Sun Moon Annihilation with a flip of his hand. The seawater couldn't block this killer move at all. Tens of millions of rays of light converged into a long river that enveloped Wu Dangkong. Wu Dangkong's expression changed and he also executed the Sun Moon Annihilation.

The two Sun Moon Annihilation clashed and were actually destroyed at the same time. It was as if they had never appeared in this world.

This was a scene that had never appeared before. In the ancient era, there had never been a scene of the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique.

This was because the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique would only appear on one person, the Son of Heaven.

When the Son of Heaven abdicated, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman would fly away. His Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique, including his Sun Moon Dragon bloodline and memories of the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique, would all disappear.

"Not bad, not bad."

Gu Chensha headed forwards once more and punched once more. He actually used the Sun Moon Shine Together at the bottom of the ocean. The seawater was forced aside and the light was like the sun and moon appearing in the sky at the same time. It totally covered Wu Dangkong.

No matter how Wu Dangkong changed, she wouldn't be able to escape the Sun Moon Shine Together technique. Gu Chensha's technique and attacks could kill her in one strike.

Logically speaking, Dao Realm 19 used core energy to attack. Against a 20 transformation cultivator who cultivated spiritual power, it was actually really weak. Unless one self-destructed one's golden core, otherwise, one wouldn't be able to shake the essence of one's spiritual power. Much less someone at the 22 transformation of Dao Realm, Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth. When one's spiritual power reached a limit, one could form everything in the world.

When one reached such a realm, even if an 18 or 19 transformation cultivator self-destructed his golden core, one wouldn't be able to do anything.

But Gu Chensha's core energy was extraordinary and he could kill Jing Fanxing with one strike. He could even injure someone at the 23 transformation of Past Reflection.

"Sun Moon Shine Together!" Wu Dangkong could only use the same move.

The two powers clashed in the ocean once more and canceled each other out before disappearing completely.

"Not bad, not bad. Wu Dengkong, your Sun and Moon Shine Together has also been cultivated to a certain level. Unfortunately, it's still a little weaker than my Son of Heaven's God Sealing Technique. That's because my Son of Heaven's God Sealing Technique is fused with the Great God Slaughtering Technique, giving rise to even more power."

Although Gu Chensha wasn't able to completely cultivate the Great Massacre God Technique and didn't comprehend much, he and Lou Baiyue had fought for several months in order to form the Heavenly Demon Tree in the Demon Region. At the start, one of them used the Sun Moon Shine Together while the other used the God Dusk of the Great Massacre God Technique. Demon Emperor Skeleton Xuan couldn't fight back at all. Gu Chensha's body also absorbed some of the Great Massacre God Technique's abilities.

He and Wu Dangkong both used the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique to fight. Sun Moon Kill, Sun Moon Shine Together, they were evenly matched and neither side had the upper hand.

"It really is the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique."

Wu Dangkong was truly sure now, and the fear in her heart deepened. She wasn't afraid of Gu Chensha but the Heavenly Talisman Great Thearch. If the Heavenly Talisman Great Thearch could even control this decree, wouldn't he be invincible?

Since ancient times, even the three Heavenly Venerables couldn't control this talisman and couldn't do anything about the traces of this talisman.

Great Heavenly Venerables had tried to refine this talisman in the past, but he suffered a backlash from the Heavenly Dao. After suffering some injuries, he didn't dare to try again.

"Wu Dangkong, how do you feel?"

Gu Chensha put his hands behind his back and seemed to have the entire situation under his aura. "Your cultivation is no longer a match for me. In the future, work in the Imperial Court obediently and don't stir up trouble. Maybe you'll have a chance to survive. Otherwise, disaster will befall you in the future." "You haven't even done me any harm, and you dare to speak so shamelessly?"

Wu Dangkong's expression was solemn, but her killing intent was getting stronger. "I only used 30% of my strength just now to test you. Since you're so arrogant, I'll show you who the true Son of Heaven's legacy is. You've lost the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree, and the Son of Heaven's God Bestowment Art is nothing more than a flash in the pan. It won't last forever."

As she spoke, a bright light appeared in her hand. As the light shone, a huge seal appeared, and the words' Mandate of Heaven 'could be seen on it. It was exactly the same as the words on the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree.

Gu Chensha nodded. "That's right. This is the true profundity of the Sun and Moon Shine Together. It can only be used in conjunction with the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree. Without the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree, I can't display the profundity of the Mandate of Heaven. Your Son of Heaven's God Bestowment Art is above mine. "

The Heavenly Sacrificial Decree actually had the ability to attack. It could suppress, seal, and kill. It was just that Gu Chensha didn't have enough Son of Heaven's energy to activate it.