Chapter 759
===========

In just a few days, many evil gods had fallen, including the Barbarian Saint.

Many of the heavyweights were shaken, and countless experts were terrified. They didn't know who had done this.

Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao technique was something that no one could comprehend, and no one could divine.

In the real world, there was the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha. But in the dream world, his cultivation had advanced again. He had refined the Divine Prefecture Gourd and devoured many divine kingdoms. Using the power of the Divine Prefecture, killing true gods was as easy as eating and drinking. This way, the Divine Prefecture Gourd was growing stronger and stronger. Deep in the imperial palace in the capital

Wen Hong looked at Gu Chensha, who was holding the bottle gourd, and had a look of surprise on his face. "To think that you've done so many things in just three days. Putting aside the fact that you've killed the Thunder God, you've also killed the Demonic Ape God of Chaos, the Wolf God, the Tiger God, and the Barbarian Saint. You've also killed many Demon Emperors and God level experts.

"No, the strongest god behind the Barbarians is the same as the demons. The strongest god is the Maha God. I can't kill him, but as long as he exists, the Barbarians and demons can make a comeback. It's just that the pressure on the court's borders will be less."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Of course. I killed so many True Gods with lightning speed, devoured their True God thrones and God Kingdoms of their minor chiliocosms. The Divine Prefecture Bottle Gourd already has the foundation of a dimensional realm. Next, we'll work together to strip the minor chiliocosms of all the aristocratic families.

This is very easy for me. Once the aristocratic families are eliminated, the Divine Prefecture will be stable. There will be no more obstacles to implementing policies and methods. " The aristocratic families of the Divine Prefecture no longer had any advantage over Gu Chensha.

In the real world, the Dharma Saint had been resurrected. The Legalists were powerful, and together with Wu Dangkong, they could pose a threat to Gu Chensha and even the Tranquil Immortal Bureau. But here, the Dharma Saint had not been resurrected. Even the Legalists didn't have many experts. Gu Chensha's power could easily destroy them.

He was determined to conquer the world and quickly unify the Divine Prefecture. He wanted to create an even greater impact than the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor.

The Divine Land Gourd in his hand was now pitch-black, and its aura seemed to be on par with the Immortal-Slaying and God-slaying Gourd. The gourd would only be complete after the Xing Qiong Clan was completely absorbed into it.

"You are truly unscrupulous."

Wen Hong nodded, "Let's directly absorb the small chiliocosms of the aristocratic families and suppress their God Realm experts. At the same time, we will make use of the Common People's Commander to reorganize the world and carry out a blood change. Then, all the officials in the world will be under our control. The government will be clean and the world will change."

"That's right. Everything has to be done quickly. Move quickly. Right now, the only obstacles in the world are the aristocratic families and the True Gods. I'll kill the True Gods, destroy the aristocratic families, and restore the Divine Prefecture's innocence."

Gu Chensha narrowed his eyes. "If we take it slow, not only will it waste too much time, we can also give those aristocratic families a chance to react."

"Alright, I'll cooperate with you in the Imperial Court. I'll immediately summon the officials to carry out the great task of digging the canal." Wen Hong also made his decision.

"You have finally made up your mind." Gu Chensha knew that at this moment, Wen Hong totally believed him.

He had totally grasped the essence of the Ten Thousand Star Flying Celestial Technique and comprehended all sorts of theories.

"Let's begin right away." Wen Hong nodded his head.

Gu Chensha smacked the Divine Land Gourd and instantly the Common People's Marquis and Common People's Commander appeared. "This is a power to change the officials of the Imperial Court. They have experience in ruling."

"Three days, three days. I hope to see the God Realm experts of the aristocratic families and the small chiliocosms all disappear." Wen Hong said, "Only then will they be able to cooperate with me."

"A small matter." After Gu Chensha and Wen Hong discussed it once more, his body moved and he arrived at Dharma Continent. He saw the Legalist Iron Mountain and all the Dharma Worlds hidden in the depths of space.

"All these Dharma Worlds are in the real world and belong to a medium-sized world. Now, they are just a small chiliocosm. The experts within are weaker than Lightning God and Ape God." Gu Chensha observed carefully. He didn't attack, turning his head to observe the other aristocratic families.

He looked at fate and vengeance as well as how much the aristocratic families contributed and demanded from the masses.

The aristocratic families were not completely useless. Some aristocratic families were arrogant and domineering, while others were respectful and modest.

In the ancient era, the ancestors of the aristocratic families contributed greatly to the human race. Logically speaking, they should enjoy a high status.

But some didn't know how to cherish their blessings. Instead, they demanded and caused the heavens to be angry. The aristocratic families' disciples were cruel and killed for riches. They thought that they were top in the world and accumulated a lot of vengeance over thousands of years. The most obvious one was the Lei Family.

After Gu Chensha killed Lightning God, he looked at the Lei Family again. He saw that the overall fate of the Lei Family had decreased greatly. The suppressed vengeance was now released and tainted the Lei Family's main body.

For thousands of years, the Lei Family had been overbearing. Their disciples were unscrupulous and killed countless innocent people. They did many things that angered the heavens and people. This accumulated over the generations and their sins were uncountable. Some of the Lei Family's disciples even cultivated the demonic path and were even crueler than demons. However, the Imperial Court couldn't do anything. Not only would the family not punish them, but they would also do their best to cover up these things.

These cruel and evil things accumulated one by one, and in the end, they formed a calamity and karma.

When Lightning God was still around, he could use True God methods to suppress them. But when Lightning God died, karma came immediately. Gu Chensha could use this method to annihilate the Lei Family.

Of course, there were also good aristocratic families, such as the Nong Family. They studied farming, cultivated, improved the land, and fed all living beings for generations. They nurtured a lot of merit. Now looking at the overall fate of the family, they were all covered by auspicious clouds and flourishing auspicious Qi. This was also the people's prestige that had been accumulated for thousands of years.

People's prestige was the evaluation of people from generation to generation. It was also one of the power of the soul. Gu Chensha would not destroy this kind of aristocratic families. Instead, he would support them.

After a round of observation, he roughly knew which aristocratic families were perverse, which were virtuous, which were secretly making trouble, and which were vicious and domineering. He knew in his heart.

After half an hour of observation, he flew to the center of the Divine Land and saw the Bottomless Sea of Sin.

At this time, the Bottomless Sea of Sin was not the same as the prairie in the real world. It was turbulent. The waves were not real water, but liquid formed by the concentration of Devil Qi to the extreme. All living beings who approached the Bottomless Sea of Sin would be demonized.

Countless demons were looming in the Bottomless Sea of Sin, and they would climb out at any time. Some skeletons, zombies, ox-headed demons, goat-horned demons, and blood demons all came to the shore. They wanted to enter the Divine Central Continent to devour blood and food to strengthen themselves.

"The demons in the Bottomless Sea of Sin are connected to the Devil Area. Every time the Devil Disaster breaks out, it starts here. Father cut thousands of mountains to fill the Sea of Sin and completely sealed it. But with the change of the Way of Heaven, it was still shaken off. I don't seal it now, which means I don't refuse anyone! Divine Land Calabash! "

Gu Chensha threw the Divine Land Calabash and used the 100 Profound Meanings of the Divine Land Grand Method. In an instant, the power of the Divine Land began to gather in the calabash.

The calabash flew over the Bottomless Sea of Sin. With a spin, the power to devour heaven and earth emerged from the calabash.

In the blink of an eye, the huge power of space-time teleportation and the surging cosmic tide reached the Bottomless Sea of Sin. All the Devil Qi was sucked into the Divine Land Calabash in an instant.

The Devil Qi was not absorbed like rivers flowing into the sea. Instead, it disappeared in an instant. It seemed that the entire space of the Sea of Sin was directly moved by Gu Chensha's Divine Land Calabash.

The demons floating in the Devil Qi all fell into the Divine Land Calabash and were decomposed, becoming nutrients for the General of Common People.

The Devil Qi that had accumulated here for many years was sucked out, and the deep darkness of the Devil Area was revealed.

"Devil Area, collapse!"

Without thinking, Gu Chensha began to activate the Divine Land Calabash and began to devour the depths of the Devil Area. He used this place as the foundation to absorb all the demons into the Divine Land Calabash and use them as nutrients for the calabash.

Originally, in the 36th year of the Heavenly Talisman in the dream world, there would also be a major disaster. The Devil Clan would still invade. Therefore, in the depths of the Devil Area of the Bottomless Sea of Sin, a large number of demons had gathered, and the armies of many races were preparing to break out. But now, all of them were attacked by the Divine Land Calabash, causing a devastating blow.

Gu Chensha's fierce absorption made the Divine Land Calabash absorb countless demons, including the God-level masters, the Dust World, and even the origin of the Devil Area.

A large number of demons were absorbed into the Divine Land Calabash, and a trace of power similar to that of a medium-class world was born in it. Of course, there was still a long way to go before it could completely evolve into a medium-class world. But if he continued to absorb like this, he was afraid that not only would he not be able to gather the demons, but the layers of the Devil Area would also be in danger of collapsing. Really! Boom!

A big black hand broke through the air with the power of a medium-class world. It wanted to suppress and kill Gu Chensha. At the same time, the big black hand grabbed the Divine Land Calabash.

"God Maha is finally making a move?"

A cold smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face. Just as he was about to make a move, a sparkling white hand appeared in the Devil Area. It seemed to be a woman, and with a flick of her finger, she blocked God Maha's hand. God Maha quickly retracted his hand, no longer making a move.

"Oh? Immortal Master. "

Gu Chensha recognized the person who had stopped God Maha. It was none other than the most enigmatic and unfathomable old-timer of the Devil Domain, the owner of the prehistoric civilization. In the real world, she was the woman who had stepped into the Immortal World, the Immortal Lord.

As expected, with a burst of smoke, a woman appeared in front of Gu Chensha. She was the Immortal Master.