Chapter 646
===========

Wan Senshi left.

Jing Qiu looked at his disappearing figure, and a playful smile appeared on his face. "Go ahead and fight. After all the fighting, I still have the upper hand. The position of true god is in my hands, and I will use this position to condense my cultivation base, build an empire, gather the fate of the nation, and integrate the fate of the nation into my own body."

As he spoke, he bowed to the sky again. "Three Great Holy Venerables, disciple Jing Qiu has already become a true god. I now pay my respects to the three Holy Venerables. I hope that you will bless me and help me break the evil and curse." "As you wish."

A voice was heard, and then a beam of light appeared above Jing Qiu's head. This light was like a ring, and there were layers behind his head. It seemed to contain an endless world, and it protected his body. It then suppressed and dispelled many of the hidden seals in his body. Wan Senshi had bad intentions, so he had naturally set up many hidden things in his body.

But now, the halos of the three Holy Venerables had actually dispelled all of Wan Senshi's seals for him. In this way, Jing Qiu could rest easy.

He was now a true god, and his position was extremely high under the three Holy Venerables. The three Holy Venerables also needed an even more important chess piece.

Right now, among the three Holy Venerables, even Dou Yiyu, who was ranked first, had not yet become a true god. Jing Qiu's potential was immense.

The Myrtle Imperial Star, the position of true god, and all sorts of methods, Jing Qiu had already become a giant that could not be ignored. He directly returned to the divine temple of the Holy Sama Empire. Jing Fanxing had already sensed it, and immediately came up to greet him.

"There's no need to say more. I know everything about you."

Jing Qiu said, "Wan Senshi wants to groom you, and there's nothing he can do about it. But now, the restrictions on your body are very small. As long as my cultivation base rises, it can be dispelled. After so many trials, you have also begun to grow. Now that I have become a true god, I have some ability to resist those giants. It will not be easy for them to easily treat us as chess pieces." "Patriarch, I already know."

Jing Fanxing said, "Wan Senshi gave me a small space-time gate. I can now go to various places to build teleportation gates and plunder people and resources to decorate the desert and nourish the people. The empire's fortune has skyrocketed. "

"If you have the time, you should learn more about the ideas of the Calming Immortal Department. Although the Great Yongchō is in a precarious situation because the Dharma Saint has ascended to a dimensional realm and could collapse at any moment, as long as the Dharma Saint doesn't make a move, the Imperial Court will continue to prosper. Countless babies will be born, and the ideas of the Calming Immortal Department will spread more and more widely."

Jing Qiu said, "Our Holy Samar Empire is still too weak. The harsh climate in the desert can temper the valiant character of the people, but it also restricts the development of the population. The death rate of newborns is very high, and the population can never explode."

"Next, what plans does the family head have?" When Jing Fanxing heard that Jing Qiu had become a true god, he was elated.

"I want to transform the desert around the empire," Jing Qiu said. "In the past, I didn't have enough magic power, but now it's different.

Wan Senshi's Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals has built a new divine land, located in the Deep Cold Snow Region at the edge of the Eastern Wasteland. The cold air and astral winds in the Deep Cold Snow Region, as well as the dangerous icebergs, make it difficult for even experts who have cultivated to the Golden Core Stage to fly. The environment can be said to be harsh. I just happened to follow the Dao of Heaven and Earth to move the icebergs from there and place them in the desert to change the empire's climate. At the same time, it will provide stable snow water, once and for all.

"This desert is almost endless, and I don't know where the end of it is. Even if I have cultivated the Law Phenomenon, it will be difficult for me to reach the end," Jing Fanxing said.

"I have cultivated to the God Realm, so I can see the end of this desert clearly."

Jing Qiu said, "With your current cultivation base, you can reach the edge of the desert in about three years of flying. In this desert, there are many oases and countries. Your task is to gather all these oases and countries and become a member of the Holy Samar Empire." Now that Jing Qiu had cultivated to the True God level, he could already create the entire desert.

The vastness of this desert even surpassed that of the Eastern Wasteland and the Wildlands, and it contained endless secrets. If he could modify it and stimulate the Heart of Desolation, the merit and rewards would be limitless.

"This desert is so big?"

Jing Fanxing gasped, "I am now in the Dao Realm of 22 Transformations of the Heavenly Phenomenon level, and I still need to fly for three years to reach it?

You should know that it won't take long for me to travel through the entire Divine Central Continent. " "The Divine Central Continent is actually very small, but its status is extraordinary."

Jing Qiu said, "This desert was originally full of life, but for some reason, a large amount of life was suddenly extracted, causing the desert to become deathly still. What we need to do now is to stimulate the life and find the reason for the disappearance of the desert. If we find it, we can let the life return and fuse it into our world, and then we will truly achieve greatness.

Just now, I used the power of a True God to observe the surroundings, and I can already see that in the depths of this Vast Desert, if we gather all the population of the countries, there would be over ten billion people, which is definitely not inferior to the Yongchō.

Wan Senshi's small spatial door is simply tailor-made for us. We have a few steps. First, I will move the snow mountains and glaciers. Second, you will gather the countries in the desert and build the teleportation door. Third, you will go to the Wildlands and plunder the barbarian population and all sorts of resources. Third, we will draw cultivators from the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals to our empire.

Fourth, you must build a good relationship with the Great Yongchō's Heavenly Designer Institute, and buy and obtain some machines from the prehistoric civilization from there. That way, our empire will develop even faster. " "Patriarch, I already know what to do. Whether an empire's providence is strong or not depends on its population. Actually, it depends on how united the people are.

The more people there are in an empire, the higher the average intelligence and strength of the population, and the stronger the providence.

Of course, even if an empire is strong, if the people are not united, the providence will instead attack each other, scattered and not united. In this way, it will be harmful. "

Jing Fanxing said, "We have a natural advantage in building an empire in the desert. The land is vast and the environment is harsh, so we must be united. In addition, Patriarch, you will spread your religion. Gathering all the power in your body. You will certainly achieve great success. "

"Very good. You have comprehended the fundamental truth of governing a country. Population and average strength, these are built by piling up resources."

Jing Qiu said, "Therefore, the most important thing is wealth and the people's hearts. If an empire has enough wealth and the people's hearts are united, then it will be truly invincible, a king who can suppress all directions.

The reason why the Calming Immortal Department holds the power is actually because of the manufacturing ability of the Heavenly Demon Tree, and then the Tree of Wishes. If not for that, how could they create an iron plate in the Divine Central Continent? Every day, a large amount of power of wishes and sacrifices enter their world. " "Patriarch, why don't we do something big?" Jing Fanxing suddenly said.

"What do you mean?" Jing Qiu asked.

"The Great Wei Dynasty!"

Jing Fanxing said, "The Great Wei Dynasty was at its peak a few years ago. They wanted to attack the Divine Central Continent, and even received the support of many factions. But because of the Calming Immortal Department's sudden appearance, the Great Wei Dynasty had no chance at all. Thus, their momentum weakened. In addition, in recent years, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor seems to be fusing with the Dao and entering destruction, assimilating with the Heavenly Dao. Perhaps we have a great chance.

You should know that the politics of the Great Wei Dynasty are very messy, a little like the feudal lords of ancient times who fought for supremacy. Because of this, they have never been able to gather a flourishing amount of power.

Even the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor is powerless to reverse the situation. Why don't we plot against this nation now, imprison the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, refine him, seize power, and reform the dynasty? Won't we be able to reap the fruits of our labor? "

"Your idea is not bad, but the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor is an old Saint, and cannot be underestimated. With my current cultivation, it is still difficult for me to defeat him, but I will contact the other factions and divide this empire. I still have a few old friends.

Now that I have become a true god, I have to contact them. "A scheming expression appeared on Jing Qiu's face.

"I will follow your plan, Family Head. I will take things one step at a time," Jing Fanxing said. "Family Head, please rest assured."

"Very good. We are all members of the Jing Clan, and we will eventually restore the Jing Clan to its former glory. It is a pity that many of our Jing Clan disciples have been murdered." Jing Qiu took a step forward and disappeared. He seemed to be contacting the other factions.

Back then, he wanted to rebel and obtained the support of many powerful factions. It was a pity that he was defeated by Zhuge Ya. Now that he had become a true god, he once again sought out those factions, contacted them, and did something big. Law Prefecture. A group of people was observing the changes.

This group was Dou Yiyu, Ling Shaofei, Dou Nineteen, Gu Chensha's Loose Cultivator Drifting Void, and a few cultivators with extraordinary luck. They had been roped in by Dou Yiyu.

These people traveled all over the Divine Great Land, and finally arrived at Law Prefecture. Along the way, almost all of them had many miraculous encounters.

Ling Shaofei, in particular, had a miraculous encounter every three steps, and obtained many treasures and elixirs. He was almost like a human-shaped treasure magnet. Those treasures were like iron scraps attracted to a magnet, and they all flew toward him. Even Dou Yiyu was secretly shocked by such a powerful luck.

Gu Chensha had been watching coldly from the sidelines. He could see that Dou Yiyu was using a secret technique to transfer the luck to Ling Shaofei.

Dou Yiyu's magic power was almost boundless. He had already reached the 36 Transformations, and he could ascend to the Celestial Lord level at any time. This woman could be said to be terrifying.

Just as this group of people arrived at Law Prefecture and continued to observe, Dou Yiyu suddenly froze. Ling Shaofei also seemed to sense something.

"Big Sister! The Dharma Saint has actually ascended to a medium-class realm. What should we do?

This is completely outside of our calculations. Even Father didn't plan for this. "Dou Nineteen hurriedly sent a telepathic message to Dou Yiyu.