Chapter 1000
============

"The situation is really interesting. Although I have created the River of Fate and controlled everyone's fate, there are still some small variables that I can't control. For example, I predicted that Fa Wuxian could devour Wu Dangkong and the Dragon Valley Continent, which meant that the newly born ancestor of magic would also be devoured by Fa Wuxian. However, I didn't expect that Wu Dangkong would activate the origin of the Dragon Valley Continent and obtain the protection of the human world's consciousness, which allowed the ancestor of magic to disappear with the Dragon Valley Continent." Gu Chensha observed the River of Fate that he created. He found that Fa Wuxian didn't gain anything this time.

The human world's consciousness was protecting the Dragon Valley Continent and the magic civilization. This was a miscalculation for him, but it was also a good thing.

Because he had created countless fortuitous encounters and expanded the human world, which in itself was an experiment. All the things that people did after obtaining the fortuitous encounters provided him with data and information, which made his Dragonless Cultivation Method more perfect and allowed him to reach the ninth level of the Immortal Realm, the Undying Realm, faster. He laid the foundation for the tenth level, "Being and Undying". The human world gradually formed its own consciousness, which was also a huge variable.

Now, the human world was the only world in the entire universe. The Immortal Realm, Monster Realm, Demon Realm, and Immortal Realm were all integrated into the human world. The Underworld was also devoured by Fa Wuxian. The Everlasting Realm was also integrated into the human world. All living beings lived in the same world.

The human world was very complicated. Some continents had extremely fast time flow, which could take hundreds of millions of years, while some continents had relatively slow time, which could take hundreds of years. The human world contained countless spaces, planes, and caves.

In the past, before the human world expanded, the Emperor Of Heaven could use his power to govern the entire human world, which created the phenomenon of gods three feet above one's head. Even the kitchens and toilets of every household had gods. In the end, even the Three Corpse Gods lurked in the depths of people's hearts and minds, which could transmit their thoughts to the Heaven at any time.

However, with the collapse of this system, the human world had completely developed itself and gradually formed its own consciousness.

In the past, the Heaven Realm had also given birth to its own consciousness. Gu Chensha was even trapped in another line of fate by the Heaven Realm's consciousness. It was normal for the human world to have its own consciousness.

Once the human world had its own instinct, it would condense into a new existence similar to the Heavenly Dao. However, this was also within the scope of Gu Chensha's cultivation method. The consciousness that was born in the human world was also of great research value to him.

"Dragonless Heart Art, another level."

Layers upon layers of pagoda appeared above his head once again. This pagoda was divided into ten layers. Originally, the ninth and tenth layers were merely illusions and had yet to materialize. However, at this moment, the scene was gradually becoming more and more real.

The pagoda wasn't a magical treasure, but rather, an accumulation of knowledge and magical laws. As long as people and other living beings learned enough knowledge, they could cultivate to the Undying level, or even reach the tenth level, the Undying level. Between heaven and earth, the aura of immortality was spreading everywhere. Gu Chensha released his power once again. Rumble!

His body was incomparably tyrannical and endless energy that would never dry up directly poured into the human world.

The human world expanded once again. Many fortuitous encounters and new changes occurred in the trillions of continents.

Countless experts, people with fate, and people with great fortuitous encounters were born once again.

The River of Fate suddenly expanded tens of times. At this moment, if a Heaven Realm expert were to observe it, he or she would discover that the restraining force of the River of Fate had also increased by tens of times. Many flood dragons and true dragons that wanted to break free from the control of the River of Fate were suppressed. Furthermore, many small snakes were born in the river.

These small snakes grew rapidly. In the future, it was very likely that they would turn into giant snakes, pythons, centipedes, flood dragons, and dragons. At this moment, the fate pattern of the human world had once again changed.

Gu Chensha continued to circulate his cultivation to help the human world. In the blink of an eye, another thousand years had passed!

That's right, the last time he created the human world, it took him a hundred years. This time, as his cultivation increased and he comprehended the tenth level of immortality, 'Undying and Undying', the situation of the human world will naturally change even more. Furthermore, it will turn the human world into a huge trap, causing those terrifying existences to fall into it when they are born in the future. " "Hmm? The six empires seemed to have changed their structure too. That Zhang Ziran's strength actually caught up to the Emperor Of Heaven and The Fourth? Interesting, interesting. Zhang Ziran is the Human Ancestor. The stronger the human world is, the higher his cultivation will rise as well. This is unavoidable. After all, he is the Human Ancestor. "

After a thousand years, Gu Chensha woke up again. He was observing the overall situation of the human world, collecting data to enrich the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method. The current human world had completely become his experimental ground.

Time had lost all meaning to him now. The time in the Mortal World couldn't bind him at all. Not only was the timeline unable to bind him, he could even alter the timeline at will, rewind, lengthen, and shorten it at will.

No one in the world could achieve such a state. Even if the Celestial Thearch and Guhuasha joined forces, they could not do it. The gap between their realms and Gu Chensha's was getting bigger and bigger. Gu Chensha did not even care about them anymore.

However, in the past thousand years, many powerful existences were born in the human world again, causing the situation of the human world to become incomparably chaotic.

"Shh …"

In the imperial palace of the Great Dynasty, Zhang Ziran opened his eyes and said, "The human world has finally stopped its restlessness. It seems like the expansion has come to an end. My strength has also stopped growing. Now, I can no longer control the human world. To me, the human world is just because the name of the Human Ancestor is compatible with the human world. It is because of the fate of this name that my cultivation has reached the peak.

In the past thousand years, the Human Realm had expanded once again, and it was all because of the Ancient Dust Sand. What is Gu Chensha trying to do? Could it be that there are benefits to pay? No matter what, the stronger the human world is, the more benefits it will bring me.

My strength has reached the eighth level of the Immortal Realm, the Immortal Realm. The Heaven Realm in my body has also become the Eternal Heaven Realm. " Buzz …

In Zhang Ziran's body, the Heaven Realm slowly expanded. Looking from the outside, the Heaven Realm's body was glorious. It was always pure gold, showing the feeling of immortality. The essence of the Heaven Realm was the eighth level, the Immortal Realm. The Immortal Realm was also called the power of the Heavenly Law, meaning that it would never decay.

If the power of the Immortal Realm reached the limit, it could gather and boil, breaking through and reaching the Heavenly Law Realm. However, even the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Huasha had not reached this realm. The only one who had reached the Heavenly Law Realm was Gu Chensha. The other big shots were all in the Heaven Realm.

However, even in the Heaven Realm, the difference in cultivation was like heaven and earth. This was because the quality of the Immortal Realm in the Heaven Realm was different.

For example, the Heaven Realm in Wu Dangkong's body did not have any Immortal Realm power, so she was not the true ancestor.

Now, Zhang Ziran had turned all the seventh level of the true immortal power in his body into the Immortal Realm power.

"Right now, the Emperor Of Heaven and Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha are no longer a threat to me. I am on equal footing with them."

Zhang Ziran said, "This is the benefit that the expansion of the Human Realm has brought to me. Next, I will be able to carry out my series of plans. I will bring all the ancestors into my Heavenly Realm and pray to them, allowing my strength to advance a step further and reach the strongest realm." Thinking of this, he willed, "Summon the Crown Prince." Immediately, many of his subordinates went to summon the Crown Prince. Originally, with his cultivation, he could communicate with Zhang Yi Ren with a thought. However, he still sent people to summon the Crown Prince to show his authority. After a while, Zhang Yi Ren walked in.

"Your son greets father."

Although Zhang Yi Ren had become the Yi Ancestor and his cultivation was getting higher, he did not expect that Zhang Ziran's cultivation would always be higher than his. This made him suppress the desire in his heart.

"Rise."

Zhang Ziran said, "The expansion of the Human Realm has finally stopped today. I think that Gu Chensha should also stop for a while. What do you think of the future development?"

"Congratulations, father. You have reached the peak of Immortality. You have transformed all the power in your Heaven Realm into the Heavenly Dao. It seems that father will step into the Heavenly Dao soon."

Zhang Yi Ren silently lowered his head, "Today's Human Realm has become more and more complicated with the changes of the past thousand years. Our imperial court has also stopped expanding because of internal resistance. In order to fight against the Heavenly Court, father conferred titles to the Nihility Ancestor, Ancestor of Heaven, Spell Ancestor, and Taoist Ancestor. Later, the Heavenly Court completely hid itself and disappeared in the past thousand years.

But because these people were conferred as ancestors, they gradually interfered with the affairs of the imperial court and even created forces to divide father's power. Your son thinks that now that father has achieved great success, you can get rid of these people. " "Yes, I only need a sliver of opportunity to step into the Heavenly Dao."

Zhang Ziran said, "It is time to get rid of these ancestors, but I think the first thing to do is to get rid of you." "What?"

Zhang Yi Ren was shocked. He knew that Zhang Ziran wanted to clean up the imperial court, but he never expected that Zhang Ziran would want to get rid of him first. He raised his head and was ready to attack.

"I want to kill you, you dare to resist?" Zhang Ziran's eyes were filled with immortal energy. .....