Chapter 5
=========

"There are so many books, I can't finish them all in my lifetime."

Gu Chensha sat on the ground and flipped through a tattered book. He was surrounded by many halls, each with books piled up like a mountain. This was where the books of the world were stored for compiling the Heavenly Talisman Canon. He was punished to organize books for three days.

The Emperor flaunted his political and military achievements, firstly to expand his territory, and secondly to show off his military achievements. The second was the compilation of books, and that was the administration of literature.

In the fourth year of the Heavenly Talisman, countless learned scholars were gathered to collect books from all over the world to compile a canon.

In the past ten years, carts of books were transported from all over the country to the capital, filling up the palace.

Of course, the valuable martial arts and Daoist books had been filtered out and stored in a secret place of the royal family. The rest were miscellaneous books. Because they were leftovers, the books were neglected and gradually became infested.

Although he was punished to organize books for three days, a few young eunuchs were wandering around and didn't care about him.

He was reading casually. This book was the notes of an old man from the previous dynasty, introducing cultivation and martial arts.

"Cultivation is divided into the mortal realm and the Dao realm.

The fourth tier of the mortal realm is the beginning, entering the next level, reaching the acme of perfection, and reaching the peak.

Above that is entering the Dao through martial arts, stepping into the Dao realm, there are 36 transformations.

The first transformation is' eating Qi and abstaining from eating food ', absorbing the Spiritual Qi of Heaven and Earth.

The second transformation is' Nine Bulls and Two Tigers', the body has the strength of nine bulls and two tigers.

The third transformation is' Copper Skin and Iron Bones', the body is impervious to swords and spears.

The fourth transformation is' Gold Devouring Stone ', the internal organs are as strong as a furnace, the body can even melt metal and stone.

The fifth transformation is' Hundred Apertures Gathering Spirit ', the human body has 108 apertures, very hidden, and Qi can't reach them. If one can cultivate to the state of having a hundred apertures filled with Spiritual Qi, the entire person will be reborn.

The sixth transformation is' Refining Qi into Energy ', after the Spiritual Qi gathers in the hundred apertures, the Spiritual Qi will circulate endlessly in the body, gradually growing to the limit, the body can spew out, turning into Energy, and use the Hundred Steps Divine Fist to crush people. The so-called Energy, also known as True Qi, is the meaning of reality.

The seventh transformation is' Leaving the Ground to Soar ', the True Qi will grow stronger and surround the body, allowing one to stand in the air and temporarily fly.

The Eight Transformations' Samadhi True Fire '. The True Qi in the entire body surges, producing True Fire in the Inner Mansion. From the inside out, it burns inch by inch, smelting the body.

The Nine Transformations' Glass Jade Body '. After refining one's body with True Fire and passing the final stage, one's entire body would become as translucent as glass. One would not be sick or injured, and one could live for three to five hundred years without dying.

As a person's cultivation deepened, they would develop all sorts of abilities. The ancient sages recorded these changes in cultivation and formed the Thirty-six Transformations.

At the end of the thirty-six transformations, one can even regrow severed limbs, be reborn from a single drop of blood, immortal body, primordial spirit projection, reincarnation in a corpse, size manipulation, creation from the void, and creation of heavenly grottoes. Those are the true abilities of immortals … "

After reading the notebook, he closed it and said in a low voice, "The changes in the state of Dao are truly marvelous. It's a pity that my martial arts are mediocre, and I'm only at the beginner level. Forget it, there's no point in talking about these cliches. " Throwing down his notes, he began to look for a book to read.

There were many records of the Dao Realm's 36 Transformations since ancient times, but only a few people managed to cultivate it. He looked left and right, looking for a book everywhere. Suddenly … Crash … A pile of books fell to the ground, covering him in dust and blinding his eyes.

"When I'm unlucky, I'll choke to death even when drinking cold water."

He hurriedly tidied up the broken book from the pile of dust. Suddenly, he felt something strange with his hand.

"What material is this scroll made of? It's not silk, it's not hemp, and it's not leather either? "

He took out a yellowed scroll from the corner. He could not see the name of the scroll, and it was full of small holes that were eaten by insects. The words on it were very small, like a mosquito.

"What is the Son of Heaven?

Only those who have mastered a certain school of knowledge can be called a scholar, like the hundred schools of ancient scholars.

As for the Son of Heaven, he is the one who has mastered the Heavenly Dao. He holds the power of heaven in his hands and speaks the law of heaven. He can create and destroy with a single thought, and all laws follow his heart. He can confer titles to the gods. This is the Son of Heaven.

Today's Emperor, who established his country through conspiracies and killing, governs mere mortals. Isn't it ridiculous to call himself the Son of Heaven … " "So this is the meaning of the Son of Heaven!"

Gu Chensha read two sentences of this unknown scroll and found it interesting. "The Son of Heaven is the incarnation of the Heavenly Dao. It is indeed not something that the Emperor of the Mortal World can compare to. The Emperor of the Mortal World cannot be called the Son of Heaven at all. The scholar is the one who has mastered a lot of knowledge, or even the founder of knowledge. For example, the Legalist Patriarch was called the Legalist, and the Confucian Patriarch was the Confucian. That day, the Taoist Ancestor was the Son of Heaven.

The strongest thing about the Son of Heaven is that he can confer titles to the gods. In ancient times, there were many true gods who were conferred titles by the ancient Son of Heaven, and they still enjoy incense to this day. " As he thought about it, he continued to read.

"In ancient times, there was the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. It was ordered by the Heavens, and it was the condensation of the essence of the Heavenly Dao. It gave all living beings a chance to become the Son of Heaven. As long as one could obtain the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman and communicate with the Heavens, one could gradually cultivate and understand the Heavenly Dao …"

When Gu Chensha read this, he closed the broken scroll. "I know about the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. Whoever obtained it would become the Son of Heaven. Later, the talisman was lost, and the Emperor replaced it with a jade seal.

The four words on the jade seal, 'Ordered by the Heavens', are the words on the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. "

When an Emperor offered a sacrifice to the Heavens, the opening words were: "Subject so-and-so, has received the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, to govern the country …"

But since ancient times, this talisman had disappeared. The past Emperors had not actually been conferred titles by the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, but had relied on force and power to stabilize the country.

The current Emperor of the Great Yong Dynasty, Gu Taxian, had the era title "Heavenly Talisman", which meant that he had to find the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, so that he could legitimately become the Son of Heaven.

"I'll take this book back to read." He patted the dust off his body, put the book in his pocket, and turned to return to the courtyard. He was only fourteen years old, and could only live in a remote courtyard beside the palace.

And when he became an adult at the age of fifteen, he would be able to start a family and establish a career. At the same time, he would be conferred a title of nobility, and receive a fixed amount of money and rations. At that time, his life would be better.

Of course, with his status, it was impossible for him to be conferred the title of Prince or Duke. It would already be good if he could be conferred the title of General.

The titles of nobility in the imperial court were divided into Prince, Duke, Duke Zhenguo, Duke Fu, General Zhenguo, General Fu, General Fengguo, and General Fengen.

Only princes who were especially favored could be conferred the title of Prince at birth. Ordinary princes were conferred the title of Prince, Duke, Duke Zhenguo, Duke Fu, General Zhenguo, General Fengen.

His small courtyard was at the northernmost edge of the palace. There were only two or three rooms, and they were empty. There were no palace maids or eunuchs to serve him.

He was not favored, and his monthly allowance was often deducted. He did not have the support of his mother's family. He was an unlucky fellow. Who would follow him?

He was not like some princes whose mother's family was rich enough to rival a country. They were generous, cultivated their influence, and dominated the palace. The courtyard was also very messy.

Weeds were everywhere, burrowing out of the cracks in the stone slabs and swaying in the wind. There were also sparrows and other birds looking for grass seeds to eat. At night, foxes and badgers appeared, and snakes and insects crawled about.

The northern side of the palace was sparsely populated, connected to many forests and lakes. It was gloomy during the day, and even more ghostly at night. Even the boldest guards felt their hearts palpitate. Gu Chensha did not care. It was safer to hide here and avoid trouble.

As soon as he entered the courtyard, a young eunuch walked towards him. He was holding a large rooster in his hands, and was crowing loudly. When he saw Pei Zi Yun, he bowed down, "Nineteenth master, we have chicken to eat today. The Catering Department bought a lot of fresh vegetables today. After much persuasion, they finally gave us a chicken."

Gu Chensha could not bring himself to be happy. He sighed, "Little adopted son, you have followed me for so long, and have been loyal and devoted. I have not given you any benefits, and yet you are being bullied everywhere." This little adopted son was the only eunuch who was willing to follow him for many years.

"Master, please don't say that. I am just a useless dog. You are the only one who treats me like a human. How would I dare to be disloyal?" The little adopted son hurriedly knelt down, "Master, this courtyard is too desolate. Do you want to pull out the grass? Make it clean and tidy, and it will be more comfortable to live here. "

"As the saying goes, if you don't sweep a house, how can you sweep the world? I want this place to be desolate, and let people think that I am decadent. That way, I will have less to worry about." Gu Chensha was well versed in the art of concealment, "Get up." "I understand."

The little adopted son stood up. Suddenly, his hand slipped, and the large rooster suddenly flew towards Gu Chensha.

"Cluck cluck cluck!" The chicken claw viciously scratched his face.

Gu Chensha panicked and used his hands to block the attack. The claws were dripping with blood, and the flesh on his hands was torn off.

"Shua!"

He pulled out a dagger from his sleeves and used the "Total Annihilation" technique to cut the neck of the large rooster.

His martial arts skills were average, but he had trained hard and had the strength to truss a chicken. The large rooster's neck was cut open, and its blood splattered all over his body.

"I deserve to die, I deserve to die!" The little adopted son was scared out of his wits.

"Get up, this is nothing."

Gu Chensha did not mind, "Cook the large rooster. I will return to my room to bandage my wounds and change my clothes." The blood of the rooster was mixed with fresh blood, and his body was truly unpresentable. He returned to his room and took off his clothes. "Plop!" The book fell to the ground. It was also stained with blood, and there was a faint flash of light. Gu Chensha bent down to pick it up. Just as his hand touched the book, peng!

The book had already been burnt to ashes, and a green scroll appeared. This scroll was not made of gold or iron, nor was it made of silk or hemp. There were four words on it, and it looked like a flying bird.

"Ancient bird language?" Gu Chensha recognized it. This was the most mysterious language in ancient times. Birds could fly, and they could communicate with the heavens. The words were in the shape of a bird, and it was in accordance with the will of the heavens.

"Receiving the Mandate of Heaven! This is! The Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman! " He stuttered, and he could not believe his eyes. Because the four words on the scroll were "Receiving the Mandate of Heaven".

Who would have thought that the thing that the previous emperors had been pursuing was actually hidden in this broken book. With this talisman, one could become the Son of Heaven if they trained hard.

Without this talisman, no matter how much power they had, no matter how vast their territory was, they would still be an emperor, and not the Son of Heaven. The emperor was the emperor, and the Son of Heaven was the Son of Heaven.

This was because emperors could only order mortals, but the Son of Heaven had the talisman and could confer titles to the gods! The Son of Heaven could confer gods.

Only the gods who held this talisman and conferred titles were true gods. Other than that, they were all fake gods.

Even now, one of the ten great achievements of the Heavenly Talisman Thearch, "Abolish Worship to Confer Gods", was only to clean up those evil gods and devils who had not been conferred titles by the ancient Son of Heaven. He did not have the Heavenly Talisman Talisman. The true power of the Son of Heaven was not to manage mortals, but to confer titles to the gods. Otherwise, how could he be called the Son of Heaven?

Gu Chensha kept the talisman, and he calmed down from his initial excitement. He let out a long sigh. "The country's divine artifact belongs to the virtuous. There is no need for the Heavenly Talisman Talisman."

Just as he was putting it away, the image of a rooster suddenly appeared on the talisman, and it flowed and was absorbed.

Buzz buzz … After the talisman absorbed the rooster's image, a strange warmth flowed through the air and entered Gu Chensha's body. He could not help but moan, and he felt as if he had gained the strength of a rooster.

"The ancient historical records are true?

The ancient emperors, by dripping their blood on the talisman and offering it to the heavens, they could obtain the power of that living being? "He came to a sudden realization.

When he killed the rooster, its blood stained the tattered book, and the rooster scratched itself to draw blood as well. Together, they formed a small sacrificial talisman.

This was equivalent to Gu Chensha offering to the heavens, and he naturally received a gift from the heavens. The Heavenly Talisman Talisman was thus activated.

Gu Chensha was a prince, and he had followed the Emperor to worship the heavens many times, but he did not see any strange phenomena. The heavens did not give the Emperor anything either, and this was the reason why there was no Heavenly Talisman Talisman Talisman. Without this talisman, no one could communicate with the heavens.

After obtaining the legendary Heavenly Talisman Talisman Talisman, Gu Chensha did not have any intention of becoming the Emperor. With his current strength, fighting for the throne was undoubtedly suicide. Moreover, he did not have any interest in the throne, and he was still in the stage of survival.

After all, Gu Chensha was a prince. Although he had been pretending to be crazy, he had actually been studying and practicing martial arts in secret. His martial arts couldn't improve due to the limited resources, but he did study a lot.

"As a prince, I was supposed to have the medicinal pills and supplements for my cultivation, but they were all embezzled. Now, I've only just begun to learn martial arts. With this Heaven Offering Talisman, I can imitate the ancient Heavenly Sons, killing wild beasts as sacrifices to the Heavens, praying for the people, and cultivating a godly skill.

However, they could not worship the heavens in the Imperial Palace. Otherwise, if they were accused of practicing witchcraft, they would definitely be sentenced to death. Looks like I can only go to Nanshan to hunt. " Witchcraft was the most taboo in the imperial palace. Gu Chensha could not be allowed to be blackmailed. He had never thought of offering the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman.

If he offered it up, it would definitely cause a stir in the court and would also establish an unrivalled merit. He would definitely be conferred the title of Prince, but what use would that be?

Without strength, the title of Grand Prince could be taken away at any time. If you were framed and sentenced to death with just a word, how could you resist?

It was even possible that he would be accused of hiding a Divine Artifact and conspiring against the law in the future.