Chapter 1152
============

Uncontrollable Heart Chapter 1147: Uncontrollable Heart The white-clothed youth was a mighty existence that Zhou Qin and the other five gathered.

Zhou Qin and the other five formed a giant flesh egg, and the white-clothed youth was born from the egg. He had the power to destroy the world and change the multiverse. Many powerful figures were watching, waiting to see how he would challenge Gu Chensha. However, he did not expect that he would be killed by Gu Chensha in a battle.

Then, Gu Dusha crushed his power and scattered it to many places in the multiverse. It could be expected that many tyrannical figures would appear again.

Gu Chensha removed the Virtual Interface, ushering in a brand new era in the multivariate universe. Originally, everyone had a limited lifespan, but now, without the Virtual Interface, it was almost as if they could achieve immortality by just cultivating a little. For a time, countless people were celebrating. The countless planes of the multiverse experienced explosive growth.

Some of the figures felt that the existence that was restricting them was completely gone, and they immediately started to advance. They plundered endlessly, and their realms rose steadily.

"Hahaha …"

In a boundless, boundless universe, there was a figure who had reached the Undying Realm with a lifespan of a trillion. Now that the virtual interface in the depths of his heart had disappeared, he had no more worries and started his own path of evolution.

"Absorb, release!" In this universe, his spirit force started to expand endlessly.

The immense power condensed into many universes around his body, and in the blink of an eye, it became a cosmic ocean. The waves surged violently.

From afar, this figure's body was surrounded by ocean waves. Every drop of water in the ocean waves was a universe, and there were countless living beings in them. These living beings all had their own thoughts, and gradually, they formed many beliefs and worldviews. These were all real living beings.

Experts who had reached the Heavenly Dao Realm could casually create universes, let alone the Undying Realm. At this realm, one could basically see through the heavens and earth. As long as one could use enough spirit force, they could create universes with just a thought.

Gu Chensha's virtual interface originally allowed people to better use spirit force, but it was also equivalent to carrying a sandbag. When a person carried a sandbag for a long time, one day, they would suddenly throw the heavy sandbag away, and their entire body would become as light as a swallow. It was the same for spirit force as well.

Gu Chensha had invented the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique, completely breaking the law of 'energy conservation' in the old world. Plundering others for cultivation had become a thing of the past, and developing one's limitless spirit force gradually became the mainstream of cultivation.

However, although this would bring about a brand new transformation to the universe, it also brought about many risks. There was no such thing as a smooth sailing in the world. There were opportunities, and there were risks. The greater the opportunity, the greater the risk.

"Hahahaha …" The giant who created the Cosmic Ocean laughed. "Without the limitation of lifespan and the control of the Virtual Interface, I can release my power endlessly. I've finally completed my guess and created my own Cosmic Ocean. Every drop of water in this ocean is a universe, and there are universes within universes, one after another. I feel that the universe is no longer a secret to me.

My power can grow endlessly because my Spiritual Force is limitless. In the universe I've created, the power of every living being is limitless as well. Many limitless plus limitless, the power is indescribable … " Rumble!

Just as this giant was endlessly increasing his power, he suddenly felt that he was unable to control his own power. That massive spirit force went berserk.

"What's going on? What's going on? I can't control the power in my body at all."

This giant was greatly shocked. He felt that the Cosmic Ocean he had created was fluctuating, and this vibration caused a certain resonance in his body and spirit. Then, it destroyed him directly. A gush of flames rose up.

Amidst the flames, this giant crumbled bit by bit. Finally, amidst his agonizing cries, he turned into ashes. This was just an example.

He recklessly cultivated and increased his power. Finally, he could no longer control his spirit force, causing this massive spirit force to go berserk and turn into nothingness. In the years that followed, there were many such examples.

Because many giants had released their pressure, they wanted to release all their spirit force in one go to increase their cultivation. However, the result was death. The spirit force was the hardest to control.

It was like a person who was about to starve to death suddenly seeing many delicacies. Therefore, he ate and drank to his heart's content without restraint, and in the end, he died from bloating.

"Chensha, the entire multivariate universe is about to welcome a new round of reshuffling."

In a secret location, Lou Baiyue and the others, as well as Gu Chensha, once again observed the multivariate universe.

"Chensha, you removed that virtual interface. As expected, it didn't bring good things. Instead, it brought round after round of disasters. Many people couldn't control their spirit force because of this and met with calamities. Look at that giant!" The Martial Sage pointed to a supreme major character in an unbelievable world. In the past, this major character was an existence with a lifespan of several trillion years.

However, after the virtual interface disappeared, a devil was born in the depths of his heart. This devil had the same divine abilities as him.

This devil was the condensation of the darkness in his heart. It had the same divine abilities, the same intellect, and the same ability as him.

The moment the devil appeared, he started a massacre, causing the universe he was in to flow with rivers of blood. In the end, the devil turned against him. As the two of them fought, the universe was destroyed, and they perished together.

The same thing happened to many major characters. They themselves could create universes with a single thought, let alone powerful existences that were born from the depths of their hearts.

"Have you guys collected the data from the experiment?" Gu Chensha asked Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, and the others.

"We've collected it. The data generated from the revolution this time around is millions of times more than what we've collected over the past hundreds of millions of years. This is because they have completely released their spirit force, especially when they lost control. They can provide us with countless experiences. Now, we can calculate that we can control it more perfectly. In the end, we can use our boundless control to push our spirit force. By doing so, we will be closer to the undying realm." Zhuge Ya looked at the data and analyzed it on his own, comprehending some things.

"Chensha, have you reached the undying realm?" Lou Baiyue asked a crucial question.

"No."

Gu Chensha replied, "I won't be the first to reach the undying realm. It will definitely be a powerful existence that will be born next. He will be the first to reach this realm." "What? Why is that? "

At this point, even Wen Hong was shocked. "Then if the existence that will be born next defeats you, what will happen to us?"

"I'm looking forward to the appearance of an existence that can defeat me. However, those who have reached the undying realm won't be able to defeat me," Gu Chensha said.

"Then why?" This time, everyone was puzzled.

"My strength has nothing to do with my realm. Realm is realm, and strength is strength. Maybe the truth of this world is that the higher one's realm is, the stronger one's strength will be. However, this isn't the case for me."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Of course, you guys can't understand this logic now. But it's fine. You will understand it sooner or later."

After a long time, the world changed, and the universe evolved. Another hundred million years passed.

During these hundred million years, the multiverse underwent a deep transformation. Many of the big shots of the past fell, and new experts rose. Countless characters with the characteristics of protagonists fought each other, and heroic characters emerged one after another. Many of the newly born characters forgot about the past.

They had long since forgotten the Land of Infinity, the Divine Central Continent, the human world, the Arcane Universe, the old world, the new world, and so on. They had also forgotten many things. After all, this was something that had happened hundreds of millions of years ago.

Of course, these hundreds of millions of years were the total number of years in the multiverse. In some universes, tens of billions of years might have passed.

Another hundred million years passed. During the time when the virtual interface that Gu Chensha had created had completely disappeared, not only did no one obtain true immortality, but the number of tribulations for living beings increased.

Basically, for all cultivators, as long as they made even the slightest progress, they would face tribulations. These tribulations came from their own hearts.

In the depths of everyone's hearts, there was actually an endless treasure trove. In reality, it was also an endless nest of demons. If something went wrong, the demons would materialize and devour the person, leaving nothing behind. It was extremely dangerous.

At this time, many of the surviving giants of the older generation were all treading on thin ice. Some of them did not even have the time to fight because they had to constantly suppress the demons that were born from the mutation of power in the depths of their hearts. In an incredible universe.

At this moment, many experts were gathered in a cavern. This cavern was extremely huge. It seemed to be an infinite space that had been created, but it did not look very big. It was just an ordinary stone cavern.

These experts were all gathered together, listening to the supreme Great Ancestor of this universe speak.

This Great Ancestor's beard reached the ground, and his eyes were full of spirit. Above his head, there were constantly people who looked exactly like him. This person's face was extremely ferocious, and the murderous aura he exuded was almost about to tear the entire universe apart, causing everyone present to have goosebumps.

This Great Ancestor sighed. "Everyone, you are all powerful existences in this universe. I am the creator of this universe. Unfortunately, with the improvement of my cultivation level, I can no longer control the evil existence that was born in my heart. Our hearts are infinite, but the evil that is born is also infinite. I really miss the golden age of 100 million years ago. At that time, we only had to worry about our own lives, and there was no risk to our hearts." ..... The new book has finally been confirmed. It will be released on January 31st.

In the remaining 13 days, the new book release conference will be held on the fourth floor of the Ritz-Carlton Hotel in Shanghai, together with the film company, Migu Reading, Zongheng Chinese Network, and other major platforms. The address is 1376 South Jing West Road in Shanghai City's Jingan District. The conference will start at 14 pm.

At that time, if it's convenient for you, you can come and have some fun. You can communicate with me at the conference.

I will also practice martial arts at the conference. Those who like to read and like martial arts are welcome to come. "