Chapter 180
===========

"Who are you?"

The three glanced at each other. The Fourth stepped forward and asked, "Don't you know that the imperial court forbids the immortal dao from recruiting disciples at will? If you want to recruit a disciple, you have to register and pass the imperial court's inspection. Which sect are you from? So casually? You're already breaking the law. " "Imperial court? Which imperial court?

This old immortal has been in seclusion for a hundred years. I sensed the great changes in the world and came out. "The old man's eyes were sharp." Since when did mortals dare to interfere with the affairs of the immortal dao? You're from the imperial court? What dynasty is it now? "

"So you're a cultivator who has been in seclusion for many years and doesn't know about the change of dynasties."

Gu Chensha also knew that the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty had only been established for fifteen years, which was nothing to the immortal dao.

Some immortal dao cultivators had been in seclusion for decades and basically didn't care about the affairs of the mortal world. To the immortal dao, cultivating qi and comprehending the Great Dao were the most important things. The changes of the imperial court were like ants moving house. Not many people cared about it.

"Since you don't know, I'll explain it to you."

Lou Baiyue said, "Now it's the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty. The imperial court has conquered a hundred countries and unified the world. The emperor is invincible and has investigated the four paths of immortal, demon, demon, and god.

If you want to take a disciple, I'm the department head of the newly established Calming Immortal Bureau. Report what sect it is and how many assets it has. After registering everything, paying taxes, and learning the laws of the imperial court, you can take a disciple. "

The old man's eyes widened and he looked at Lou Baiyue like she was crazy. Before she finished, he flicked his sleeves. "Little girl, are you crazy? Nonsense, I don't know what you're talking about. "

As he flicked his sleeves, astral energy surged, pushing Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue away and sweeping the Fourth away.

When the astral energy touched Gu Chensha, the Dragonization Pagoda in his body moved slightly and absorbed a portion of the astral energy, turning it into dragon energy inside the pagoda.

He could even see the many formations inside the Dragonize Pagoda operating non-stop. The energy of the Innate Stellar Energy was dispersed, and after countless vibrations, it fused with the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood in his body, turning into streams of tiny dragon-shaped runes.

That stream of air was the "Dragon Qi". As long as enough Dragon Qi was accumulated for a person to absorb, it could be like the Tiger Wolf Pill, improving a person's aptitude. Dragon Qi was more mysterious than the Tiger Wolf Pill.

However, it was extremely difficult to accumulate Dragon Energy. Ever since Gu Chensha cultivated the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, all the accumulated Dragon Energy had yet to allow him to attain Superior Grade Aptitude.

This was because the Dragon Transformation Pagoda was actually not complete. It was merely an imitation of the Dragon Gate of the Great Desolate Era. In addition, his own cultivation was not high, so it was difficult for him to unleash the might of the pagoda.

Luckily, since he returned from the Bone Burial Land, he cultivated hard for three months and comprehended the Great Massacre God Technique and all sorts of other things. He used his heart to build up the Clumsy Fist cultivation system. Although he didn't break through to the Dao Realm Six Transformation, his strength was at least two to three times stronger than before. If Heng Budong were to fight him now, he might not be able to kill him.

"Eh? Did I make a mistake?

Kid, you seem to have consumed some treasure, your vital energy is actually shining. Although you used a special technique to hide it, I have never seen such a treasure. Are you not a human but some kind of spiritual herb that formed your human form? Okay, I will bring you back to refine pills. As for you, although you speak nonsense, I can see that you have a few treasures on you. Since you are from the dynasty, then don't stay in the mortal world. I will give you all your Celestial Fate, follow me back to the mountain. "

The old man released large amounts of Xiantian Energy which wrapped up the three of them. His cultivation was really terrifying and it was obvious that he was an amazing old monster in the Celestial Path.

"Scoff!"

Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and Gu Huasha scoffed coldly at the same time. They all felt that this old man was really lawless and despicable. He actually forcefully snatched. Although he cultivated the Celestial Path Xuanmen Sect technique, his actions were close to that of the demon path.

"Disregarding the law and forcefully snatching, according to the law, you should be killed!" Lou Baiyue was the first to be angered.

Not to mention her, even Gu Chensha, who had a gentle personality, a deep cultivation of Qi, a clean mind, and a calm will, also had a fire. Crackle! A black lotus appeared above Lou Baiyue's head and flashed slightly.

Large amounts of black lightning surged out like a tide, destroying everything in its path. The old man's Xiantian Energy was completely blown away. What kind of cultivation did Lou Baiyue have?

Back when she dual cultivated with Gu Chensha, she fused the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood, exchanged techniques, and combined the Great Massacre God Art with the Son of Heaven's God Bestowal Art. She comprehended even more and was evenly matched with Li Wangsheng.

Who was Li Wangsheng? He was the son of the Monster Race Saint Li Wanlong. He was a top talent in the Ten Thousand Dragon Nest and his cultivation exceeded many of the old people in the Celestial Path.

Now, after three months of hard work, Lou Baiyue comprehended the technique and her cultivation rose by two more realms. She reached Dao Realm Transformation 11, Soul Tentacle. She could use the power of the soul and soul and her combat strength was much higher than when she fought Li Wangsheng.

"Great Massacre God Technique's God Slaying Lightning." Gu Chensha saw through what kind of ability Lou Baiyue was using right away.

Out of the many Celestial Path techniques, in terms of destructive strength, of course, they were all lightning techniques.

The theory of lightning techniques was the rubbing of Xiantian Energy. They rotated within, changing one another, and then exploding out to clear the world. Every clan and sect had their own thunder techniques.

For example, when Gu Chensha and Lei Tianhui fought last time, Lei Tianhui used a lightning tribulation technique.

As for the Great Massacre God Technique's Lightning Energy, it was thousands of times better than the Lei Family's technique. The moment the God Slaying Lightning appeared, it brought with it an ancient aura. It was like the most ancient and inauspicious energy, the energy of destruction. It once again passed through space and descended upon the world.

To use lightning techniques, one needed extremely strong mental strength and thick Xiantian Energy. If one's Xiantian Energy wasn't thick, one wouldn't be able to form lightning. If one's mental strength wasn't strong, one wouldn't be able to control lightning. Instead, one's Xiantian Energy would go out of control and one wouldn't even be left.

Moreover, no matter how strong one was, using lightning techniques would consume a lot of Xiantian Energy and one's mental strength. Often, one would only be able to strike a few times or even dozens of times.

Lou Baiyue's Thunder Art was able to unleash a large amount of lightning in one go. It was something that no one had ever heard of, let alone seen.

"Art of Dragon Nurturing, Absorb!"

At this moment, Gu Chensha also circulated the mental cultivation technique he had comprehended. All the pores on his body opened up, and before the Xiantian Energy could dissipate, it was sucked into his body, into his dantian, and into the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. He didn't make a move, but continued to absorb.

The old man's Xiantian Energy was extremely pure. If it was a one-on-one fight, Gu Chensha wouldn't be able to absorb it, because the old man could retract it with just a thought. He could even cause havoc in Gu Chensha's body, and the Dragon Transformation Pagoda might not be able to suppress it. However, Lou Baiyue's God Slaying Lightning was extremely destructive, and it shattered the old man's Xiantian Energy, giving Gu Chensha an opportunity.

Gu Chensha didn't waste the past three months. From the Great Massacre God Technique and the Great Devouring Spirit Art, he comprehended some absorption techniques, and the speed at which he absorbed the Xiantian Energy was significantly faster. His pores opened up, and his body flickered, absorbing the thousands of scattered Xiantian Energy. Creak, creak!

After the Dragon Transformation Pagoda in his dantian absorbed the Xiantian Energy, it started to spin.

"Sun Moon Dragon Fire."

He secretly sacrificed some essence blood, and through the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, he attracted the Sun Moon Dragon Fire to speed up the refinement.

Therefore, within the Dragon Transformation Pagoda in his body, a rice grain-sized Dragon Transformation Inner Core was condensed. The Dragon Transformation Inner Core was made of pure liquid, and it was condensed from Dragon Qi.

"I've finally condensed the Dragon Qi, this drop of Dragon Transformation Inner Core."

Gu Chensha was overjoyed. If this Dragon Transformation Inner Core was given to an ordinary fool, he would instantly become a top grade talent.

The Tiger Wolf Core allowed one to have mid-grade talent, and this Dragon Transformation Inner Core could promote one to a top grade talent.

According to the grade of the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, as long as there was enough Dragon Transformation Inner Core, it could even turn a fool into a genius. If it was the Desolate Dragon Sect, it could even turn one into a true Innate Sage.

"If I accumulate another ten drops of Dragon Transformation Inner Core, I should be able to turn my talent into a genius. This shows that talent isn't determined by the heavens, and can only be obtained through acquired means." In the blink of an eye, Gu Chensha integrated the Dragon Transformation Inner Core into his body, and raised his talent. Zi zi zi, zi zi zi …

The moment the Dragon Transformation Inner Core merged into his body, he seemed to have comprehended something and became much smarter. Some of the martial arts questions that he couldn't understand seemed to have been enlightened. This was the increase in talent.

After his talent increased, it seemed like he might be able to comprehend the Dao Realm Six Transformation and cultivate Xiantian Earth Energy.

It only took him an instant to absorb the Earth Energy and condense the Dragon Transformation Inner Core.

Lou Baiyue closed in, and in that instant, thousands of God Desolate Lightning bolts were released from the black lotus. They actually had the power to destroy the world, and the destructive power was even stronger than the Demon Destroying the World that Li Wangsheng used.

The old man's Xiantian Earth Energy dissipated, but he was really strong. He hollered, and a golden light rose up around his body. It was as thick as a canopy, and he tried to block the God Desolate Lightning. But at that moment, the Fourth moved.

His body seemed to be able to teleport, and he appeared in front of the old man. He punched and pressed down.

"My heart is in the Outer Sky." This was his own dao. Honglong! With just one punch, the old man's golden light was extinguished.

Then, Lou Baiyue's God Desolate Lightning landed on his body, and there was the sound of a meteor crashing into the ground. Peng!

The old man was smashed a few miles away, and he fell into the pile of bones. His body was tattered, and blood flowed non-stop. The three of them were like shadows, surrounding the old man.

The old man spat out a mouthful of blood and barely stood up. He stared at the three of them, "Who are you?"