Chapter 618
===========

Yuhuan Lu looked at the cold pond in the mountain. The stars in the sky were densely packed and reflected in the cold pond. It was as if there was another world of stars within the cold pond.

"Now that the Divine Land is in chaos, numerous people can obtain fortuitous encounters.

I have been guarding here and I haven't seen any fortuitous encounters, but Mister Zhuge said that there would definitely be a fortuitous encounter in Cold Jade Mountain. He told me to guard here and not let down my guard. What secrets does this Cold Jade Mountain have? " Yu Huanlu activated her Primordial Spirit and carefully observed.

Her Primordial Spirit floated above her head as if she was observing something. This Primordial Spirit was golden in color, and faint dragon roars and tiger roars could be heard. This was the Primordial Spirit that she cultivated through the Dragon Cultivation Technique and Dragon Creation Technique. It was many times stronger than an ordinary cultivator's Primordial Spirit.

Moreover, the attack power of her soul was terrifying and it was extremely strong. At this moment, it could even move a small mountain.

She had cultivated to the 14th Transformation of Dao Realm, Soul Projection. At this realm, the soul would form a physical body and mental energy would be able to interfere with matter. Mental energy would form Soul Power, which was much more mystical than Xiantian Earth Energy.

She was from a branch family of the Yu Family. Although she was considered a noble in Baoyu Country, she had fallen. But after Cold Jade Dew joined Calming Celestial Agency, she benefited from it. During this period of time, she completed many tests and slowly gained merits. The wish power from her daily prayers was also really pure, so she was promoted. She was actually taught Dragon Raising Heart Technique and Dragon Making Heart Technique. Just like that, Yuhuan Lu's cultivation increased greatly.

She was naturally loyal to Calming Celestial Agency and the Imperial Court. Under her management, the Cold Jade Spring Water was transported to various places to be exchanged for various treasures. It was used to nurture talents and replenish the treasury. Now, the Cold Jade Spring Water's reputation and brand had spread all over the country. She was thinking about how to operate the Cold Jade Spring Water to maximize her benefits.

She cultivated hard, using her soul to absorb spiritual energy and the cold energy here to refine her soul.

She did not dare to use her primordial spirit to observe the changes. However, if she cultivated here and used the cold air to refine her primordial spirit, it would make her primordial spirit more compact and sturdy, allowing her cultivation speed to be faster.

Just as she was cultivating, all of a sudden, the cold pond in the center began to revolve, and the spring water inside began to emit musical notes, as though it was the sound of primordial times. The loudest sound is silent, and the elephant is formless.

This voice charged into her soul and caused it to swell up. It was as if it was buffed by an overlord. Kacha kacha, her soul completed some sort of transformation and actually jumped to Dao Realm Transformation 15, Heaven Eye Hanging Space.

At this realm, the power of one's Essence Soul would increase greatly and become extremely condensed. One would not be afraid of wind, rain, thunder, lightning, or all sorts of changes in the world. Moreover, one's Essence Soul's perception could cover a radius of 500 kilometers, allowing one to see through even the smallest of things.

"What happened?" Ding dong!

As her primordial spirit observed, under the illumination of the starry sky, a treasure seemed to appear in the depths of the cold pond. This treasure was a zither.

She didn't know what kind of wood the zither was made of, but it was grey with a mix of black and white. Who knew what kind of tendons the strings were made of, but the sound came from the zither. At the bottom of the zither, there were numerous Xiantian Chaos swirling. On it, there seemed to be 24 dragon-shaped energy currents swirling around one another.

"This is!

One of the nine race protecting treasures of the ancient Star Dragon Race, the Ten Thousand Music Dragon Zither.

This zither can produce all sorts of sounds. Legend has it that all the sounds in the world can be played through this zither. It can allow one to comprehend the Dao, make one go crazy, and also make one feel refreshed. It can also release wind, rain, lightning, snow, and snow. This zither can change the weather of the four seasons. Legend has it that if a Saint plays this zither, he can play the sounds of nature. The baptism of nature can not only raise one's talent, but it can also increase one's cultivation, comprehension ability, etc. The effects of the sounds of nature and Heaven Dew are even stronger. " Gu Chensha was the first to sense the treasure that appeared.

As soon as he saw the treasure, he knew what it was. He didn't expect it to be the most precious treasure of the Star Dragon Tribe.

The Ancient Star Dragon Clan was the most mysterious and powerful dragon clan, even more powerful than the Azure Dragon. However, they had disappeared for no reason.

However, during the Great Desolate Era, the Astral Dragons displayed the ability to destroy the world and regenerate all living things in the world. Among them, the nine treasures of the Star Dragon Clan were famous throughout the ancient era.

One of them was the Myriad Melody Dragon Zither. This zither hadn't been created by the Astral Dragons, but was a connate spiritual treasure. However, it hadn't been born from the Primordial Chaos Tree Mountain. Instead, it had been naturally born from the Big Bang.

This kind of Xiantian Spirit Treasure was extremely powerful. After the Star Dragon Clan obtained it, they used many methods to strengthen it, causing it to automatically grow to an even more terrifying level.

Metaphorically speaking, the Dragon Zither of All Melodies was on the same level as the World Burying Coffin, the Bow of Extrication, the Arrows of Permanence and Impermanence, the Taiyi Pearl, and the Axe of Cleansing that had just appeared.

Of course, the World Burial Coffin had been operated by Jiang Gongwang for a long time, so the power and countless treasures inside were extremely shocking. The other treasures couldn't compare. To say that these treasures were on the same level meant that they were of the same quality.

Just like humans, they were all geniuses. Some were at the God Realm, while others had reached the Golden Core Realm.

Of course, this Ten Thousand Music Dragon Zither had been refined by the Star Dragon, so it contained countless secrets. Even if it wasn't as good as the World Burial Coffin, it wasn't far off. This treasure was the one with the most weight.

In particular, Gu Chensha knew that this treasure was of great help in regulating the world. If a sect obtained it and played it in their own dust world or Spirit Space, they would immediately be able to produce a myriad of sounds that permeated the world. It could strengthen the world's crystal wall, accelerate the operation of the internal world, and increase the power of the world. Not only would it increase the power of the world, but it could also multiply the power of the world.

For example, a God Realm Expert could use the power of his world to strengthen the Spirit Space of his sect. Through this zither, he could amplify the power of his world by three to five times, or even ten times! Or even more. It could completely support the operation of his Spirit Space.

Even if he wasn't a God Realm Expert, if he fell into the hands of an Immortal and played his Dharma Art into the zither, the power of the Dharma Art could be multiplied by several times, or even ten times.

For example, the Dharma Art that Gu Chensha just released was the "Body Protection Technique". It was a technique that used Dharma Art to condense numerous runes. These runes combined to form a huge cover that protected the body from evil.

However, the power of this Body Protection Technique was limited. If he obtained this Myriad Notes Dragon Zither, he could inject the Body Protection Technique's Dharma Art into the zither and play it through the sound of the zither. At that time, even a God wouldn't be able to break it. In addition, this zither had many other functions.

The moment this zither appeared, Gu Chensha had already noticed Longevity God. The moment this zither appeared, he immediately separated his True Divinity and rushed over.

Longevity God's current cultivation was no small matter. His True Divinity had already touched the Myriad Notes Dragon Zither. But at this time, the Myriad Notes Dragon Zither issued a dense sound, like the vibration of a war drum, which actually shook Longevity God's True Divinity and sent him flying.

Even with Longevity God's cultivation of the 32 Transformations "One Thought Connecting the Heavens", he wasn't the opponent of this zither. The power of this zither had reached a realm that even Sages couldn't approach.

"Good heavens."

Gu Chensha nodded inwardly: "This Dragon Zither is very powerful. Clearly, the Star Dragon Clan has accumulated a lot of power in it.

Longevity God can't subdue it. Longevity God can subdue the True Divinity, but he can't do anything about this zither. "

The zither shook off Longevity God's True Divinity and fell into Yuhuan Lu's body, directly entering her Sea of Consciousness.

Gu Chensha originally wanted to take it, but seeing this scene, he gave up. He couldn't fight with his subordinates over the artifact.

Since the Myriad Notes Dragon Zither chose the fated person, it was also the Calmness Xian Si's wealth.

But in the future, this woman would become a big shot of the Calmness Xian Si even more powerful than Jin Suibo. As long as she could use this Myriad Notes Dragon Zither properly, it wouldn't be strange for her to become a God Rank powerhouse in the future. Whoosh!

Just as the Myriad Notes Dragon Zither entered Yuhuan Lu's Sea of Consciousness, a hand appeared behind her and gently grabbed Yuhuan Lu.

At this time, the Myriad Notes Dragon Zither on Yuhuan Lu's Sea of Consciousness sounded again, trying to resist this hand.

But the owner of this hand smiled lightly and said: "Little Qin, this is me and your former master, the Star Dragon Clan. You should recognize me. Although your cultivation is tyrannical, it seems that you can't contend against me."

The hand shrank inwards and instantly grabbed Yuhuan Lu into the depths of space-time, disappearing without a trace.

"How dare you!"

Gu Chensha was furious. He could already see that the owner of this hand was a person wearing a loose robe and a bronze mask. Without a doubt, this was the legendary Wan Senshi.

Wan Senshi's background was extremely ancient, even greater than the three Celestial Venerables. He had appeared out of nowhere and unified the immortal dao, and even many aristocratic families had submitted to him. Even Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya, as experienced and knowledgeable as they were, didn't know who Wan Senshi was or what his background was.

But there was no doubt that this person was an old antique that had existed since the Primeval Age, and he might even be a titan of the prehistoric civilization. But now, Wan Senshi had directly attacked a junior of the Calmness Xian Si!