Chapter 75
==========

"No wonder the Seventh Princess's Frost Jade Dew cultivation is so strong. If I can raise her from a young age, I won't lose to her."

Gu Chensha thought about it. Those millennium-old aristocratic families all had huge arrays. How many talents could they raise over the generations?

Even the rich would choose a place with good Feng Shui. Their families would produce talents for generations, let alone those aristocratic families.

"Master's physique is actually very strong now. Because it's strong, you have to be careful. For example, if a person holds an embroidery needle, they can easily make all kinds of moves. But if they hold a huge hammer, they will hurt themselves.

Master's current body is like an embroidery needle to a hammer. "Yi Ming waved his hand and the jade on the table scattered. The refreshing feeling disappeared and the sparrow flew away. The array was broken and it no longer gathered Spiritual Qi.

"What a pity." Gu Chensha shook his head. "Why did you do that? Let the sparrow stay a little longer."

"Master is slowly cultivating a heart of compassion for all living beings. Your temperament has changed. Congratulations." Yi Ming praised.

Gu Chensha fiddled with the jade stones again and set up a Spirit Gathering Formation. This time, the formation was slightly different from before. "The world is constantly changing, and the Spirit Gathering Formation also needs to change at any time. In other words, the formation of those aristocratic families also needs to be watched by experts every day and every month, or else it will lose its effectiveness." "To be able to understand this, Master's Dao foundation is even deeper."

Yi Ming hurriedly said, "Indeed. Feng Shui and Feng Shui can change too. It can take decades or centuries. The original land with good Feng Shui can become useless. Nothing stays the same in this world. " "The Spirit Gathering Array is really good. It can even temper swords."

After setting up the Spirit Gathering Array, Gu Chensha took out the dagger and placed it in the array. He then carefully adjusted the structure of the array. Spiritual Qi appeared in the array again. He could sense that the dagger was also being nourished by Spiritual Qi.

"Flesh and blood creatures, plants, metals, all are being nourished by Spiritual Qi. Over time, they will gain intelligence and finally become demons.

However, flesh and blood creatures can become demons in a few years. Plants need hundreds of years. Metals need thousands of years. "

Yi Ming pointed at the dagger. "This dagger is just ordinary iron, but if it is placed in a Spirit Gathering Formation for decades, it will become a sharp weapon. If it is soaked in Spirit Liquid, it will only take a few years.

If its master dripped a drop of heavenly dew on it, it would immediately become a treasure that could cut iron like mud and cut jade like tofu.

In the future, master must not waste the Heavenly Dew. It is an extremely precious item, and it is rumored that it is a reward bestowed by the Heavenly Dao to those who have merit.

In terms of cultivation, a single drop of heavenly dew is equivalent to cultivating in a Spirit Gathering Array for sixty years. Not to mention, heavenly dew can eliminate inner demons, expel all poisons, refine spirit pills, increase spirituality, and strengthen magic treasures. " "Exactly."

Gu Chensha thought that if he had not used the Heavenly Dew to strengthen the power of the Heartless Seizing Talisman, the talisman might not have been able to control Yi Ming.

"Unfortunately, Heaven Talisman Emperor didn't have a decree. Otherwise, with his merits from building the Giant Stone Great Wall and opening the canal, he would have led his subjects to worship the heavens and he would have gotten a huge amount of Heavenly Dew." Yi Ming said.

Gu Chensha, on the other hand, had also passed through the ancient book. Apart from obtaining the Heavenly Dew by killing evil demons and offering sacrifices, Ancient Tianzi could also obtain the Heavenly Dew by offering sacrifices to the Heavenly Dao if he had great merits and maintained the order of heaven and earth.

That night, he wrote a document to ask the Imperial Court to allow Baoyu Country to submit. At the same time, he studied the Spirit Gathering Formation. At the same time, he read all sorts of books. He was actually able to do three things at once.

The Dao Realm Ten Transformations was called Thousand Things at One Heart. It was really magical and allowed one to meditate thousands of techniques at the same time without conflicting with one another. One's soul and thoughts had to be extremely strong to be able to do that.

Gu Chensha cultivated Sun and Moon Refinement and Sun Moon Transformations. At most, he could do four to five things at once. Martial Arts Grandmasters of the same realm found it hard to do two things at once.

He started to use jade stones to form the Spirit Gathering Formation. Then, he used normal stones. In the end, he used books, blades, swords, and even tables and chairs in the room. As he practiced over and over again, he gained a new understanding of each object.

When he touched any object, be it a stone or a book, he would be able to sense the fluctuations coming from them. Whether they were big or small, strong or weak, the world was different in his eyes. Even the smallest speck of dust had spiritual fluctuations.

"Humans might be made up of all sorts of small particles. Life is so special. This is the Dao …" Comprehension flowed in his heart and his wisdom shone brightly once more.

He opened up his mind and naturally sensed the space and the air currents. He felt that the space itself was rippling layer by layer and it was really magical. The blood and energy circulation in his body were also moving according to the way heaven and earth shook.

In a trance, he seemed to perceive that there was a rolling ocean of spiritual energy in a very shallow layer of void. It was a boundless layer of spiritual energy. As long as he exerted more strength, he would be able to 'absorb' the spiritual energy.

He knew that this was the true boundary of the Dao Realm. If it was someone else who sensed this realm, they would use all their strength. However, he knew that at this juncture, he had to be even more careful. As the saying went, those who were good at fighting did not have outstanding achievements.

He carefully breathed in and out, using his Divine Will to touch it. Once, twice, thrice … He did it thousands of times, but he still could not break through. However, he was patient. He slowly adjusted his mind and opened his eyes once more.

Although he did not break through to the Dao Realm during this cultivation, he once again established a firm Dao Realm. This also made up for the flaw of not being properly nurtured since young.

Which of the other princes didn't receive the support of their mother's family from birth? They were given the best teachers, the best medicine, the best knowledge, and the strictest training to establish the best foundation. However, he was diligent and diligent in his studies, and the gap between him and the other princes grew wider and wider. These days of fighting, using the Heavenly Dew, and Yi Ming's guidance.

He had battle experience, spirit medicine, and a great teacher. He was no different from the other princes.

Everything happened last night. The sky had just brightened and he did not eat breakfast. After using the Heavenly Dew, he felt full of energy. He took out a book and read it carefully.

He was still reading ancient history. He savored it and felt the depth of the ancient culture. He could see the true meaning between the lines.

The words on the memorial he wrote were dignified and thick, but it also had some skill. On it was written, "Imperial Father, I, Gu Chensha, have met the Seventh Princess of the Baoyu Nation today to discuss in detail my intention to pledge allegiance.

I believe that the Imperial Court prioritizes benevolence and righteousness. The people of Baoyu are simple and honest. Their temperaments are tempered by jade and they seem to be modest … "

His essay was powerful. He quoted the customs of the people of Baoyu and talked about the benefits of submitting to the Imperial Court. He also talked about the recent overseas activities of the Great Wei Dynasty. Although it was organized, the words were simple and clear.

He knew that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's orders were simple. Sometimes, imperial edicts were written in colloquial language. He liked to do things quickly and hated to be long-winded.

Thus, he started with benevolence and righteousness. Then, he talked about taxes, customs, and people's livelihood. In just a few hundred words, he settled everything.

"Come." "Here." Liu Yu entered. "What orders does Your Highness have?" "Get the inn to send out my memorial." "Yes."

After reading for a while, the sky was bright. However, it started to drizzle. Unknowingly, it was already spring. Everything was growing and the cold winter had passed.

"Nineteenth Master, Princess Yuefu has ordered me to inform you to pack up and set off." A servant came over.

"Go and report to the princess. I will set off immediately." Gu Chensha ordered. "Put on your armor and get into formation. Let's go!" Kacha kacha …

Everyone gathered in the courtyard and put on the Horned Dragon Armor. This showed the benefits of the armor. No matter how heavy the rain or the muddy road, it would not get stained. With the armor on, water and fire would not be able to penetrate it.

"Master, although this armor is amazing, it needs to be maintained. Otherwise, it will break after many fierce battles. It will be a great loss. The best way is to put it in the Spirit Gathering Formation when it is not in use and use spiritual energy to nourish it.

Of course, if there is spiritual liquid applied to it, not only will the armor not break, it will also become sharper and stronger over time. "

Yi Ming said, "So it is not a good thing for Master to let someone take away the Heavenly Dragon Spirit Gathering Flag. The spiritual liquid produced by the flag will be of great benefit to the armor."

"I was careless. I did not think of this. It would be too extravagant to use the Heavenly Dew to repair the armor in the future." Gu Chensha shook his head. "I can't think too much about it now. Let's talk about it when we reach the Sky Bearing Pass." The team of 249 people went out and bumped into the Tenth Prince's team.

Gu Chensha could clearly feel that the Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha's killing intent towards him was much stronger.

"How did I offend the Tenth Prince?" He was a little confused, but he was not afraid.

Lou Baiyue's army walked in front. All the officials sent them off in the rain. The spring rain drenched their uniforms and they did not dare to move.

"Nineteenth Prince, I have something to tell you." Lou Baiyue called out. The two of them rode side by side.

"What is it?" Gu Chensha knew that Lou Baiyue would not speak without thinking.

"Last night, you went out for a walk and met the Seventh Princess of Baoyu Country?" Lou Baiyue asked.

"That's right."

Gu Chensha knew that this woman had sharp eyes and ears, so he didn't hide it. "This woman hopes that I can write a memorial for Imperial Father, so that the Jade Nation can side with Great Yong, and that their imperial family will guard Great Yong for generations.

"This matter is extremely complicated. It is best that you do not get involved. The First Prince is eyeing Baoyu Country covetously. Yesterday, after Cold Jade Dew saw you, she went to see the Tenth Prince. This time, her main goal is to form a marriage alliance with the Tenth Prince. The Lei Family's elders even went to Baoyu Country to exchange tokens." Lou Baiyue said, "Don't be used." .....