Chapter 650
===========

Gu Chensha had a deep understanding of space-time turbulence as well, and he could immediately tell that the map was real. Countless space-time faults were densely packed together, forming a huge maze. Even a Saint would get lost if they entered it. Other than that, there were also some dangerous space-time storms, cosmic tides, and other obstacles.

The power of space-time storms was enough to turn a god into dust. In the face of space-time storms, the microscopic world was like a canoe in the raging waves, unable to hold out for long.

The cosmic tide was even more incredible. It was a tidal movement that was produced by the universe itself. When it came from the space-time turbulence, countless space-time, worlds, dimensions, and planes would be affected. Within it, there would be endless tearing, destruction, annihilation, annihilation, and apocalyptic powers. Even a Heavenly Lord would have a slim chance of survival if they were to encounter a cosmic tide. When a medium-sized world encountered a cosmic tide, the world would basically break apart.

Only the chiliocosm could withstand it, but it would still be greatly damaged. Therefore, whenever a cosmic tide appeared, some of the supreme powerhouses of the chiliocosm would escape from their chiliocosm and seek refuge in the Endless Worlds. Only a behemoth like the Endless Worlds could remain unmoved under the influence of the cosmic tide.

The reason why the Demon race had such an aggressive nature and was bent on attacking the Endless Mainland was because of the Cosmic Tide. Once the Cosmic Tide arrived, many of the Demon Territories of the Demon race would be swept away and destroyed, turning countless of the Demon race into ashes. Forced to survive, they had no choice but to come to the Endless Mainland.

As for the fortuitous encounters in the Divine Central Plains, it was also partly because of the cosmic tide.

"To think that the Xing Qiong Clan had hidden themselves so deeply. But since the three Heavenly Lords had found where they were hiding, why didn't they exterminate them?" Gu Chensha silently memorized and deduced. He could not trust Dou Yiyu completely.

"The three Heavenly Lords were doing something important and could not split themselves. Otherwise, how could they have allowed the Dharma Saint to ascend to a medium-sized world and allowed Wan Senshi to wreak havoc in the Immortal Dao?

It's true that Wan Senshi is an old antique, but he thinks too highly of himself. He thinks that the three Celestial Venerables will forever be juniors and won't improve. How could he not know that the new generation will always surpass the old? "

Dou Yi Yu said, "It's true that Xing Qiongshi isn't easy to kill. But it's exactly because of that that makes it even more challenging. There are very few things in this world that I can't accomplish. If I can kill Xing Qiongshi, then it would definitely be greatly beneficial to my cultivation.

If this were the Xingqiong Clan at its peak, then I would naturally run as far away as I could. But now that the Xingqiong Clan is severely wounded and facing the great tribulation of the Cosmos Tide, we might still have a chance. Now that you've formed an alliance with us, the dimensional realm will be much stronger and I won't be able to do anything to you. If we work together, we'll have a great chance.

Even if he didn't kill Xing Qiongshi, he could still covet his treasures. This person had collected countless treasures in the ancient era, and they were all hidden in his divine country.

If I sneak attack him, he will be able to sense me. However, you have cultivated the Heavenly Dao Arts, so no one will be able to divine your whereabouts. I can borrow your strength, and the two of us will be able to complement each other. " "At the end of the day, that's how it is."

Gu Chensha finally understood. If Dou Yi Yu went to find Xing Qiongshi, he would be discovered before he even got close. Only by using his Heavenly Dao Arts could he do all these things.

Although his cultivation level was low, there were some characteristics of the Heavenly Dao Arts that even Empyreans couldn't sense. He could only be careful. For example, Wan Senshi couldn't sense that he had already infiltrated the Alliance of Myriad Immortals. In short, his Heavenly Dao Arts were very useful to Dou Yi Yu.

"Fine. Since that's the case, let's work together this once. Xing Qiongshi is still a hidden danger. This time, he was heavily wounded by the power left behind by my Imperial Father. Therefore, it's not impossible for us to work together to get rid of him. "

Gu Chensha wanted to find out more about Dou Yi Yu's secrets. "However, Xing Qiongshi is the King of Anomalies. He already has an indestructible body. Even in the ancient era, when the three Empyreans used the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd, they could only tear his body into pieces and suppress it in various places. They couldn't kill him completely. How are we going to kill him now?

Not to mention that he's heavily wounded, even if he's only left with a remnant soul, it'll still be very difficult to kill him completely. " "This time, we can naturally kill Xing Qiongshi."

As Dou Yi Yu spoke, a small gourd appeared in her hand. The gourd was the color of primal chaos. It didn't seem to be anything special in her hand, but when Gu Chensha saw it, his face changed.

"This is … the real Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd. You … you brought it out?

This gourd's baleful aura is so heavy that even Empyreans wouldn't be able to endure it. Why isn't there any baleful aura in your hand?

It's said that back then, when the three Empyreans worked together to activate this gourd, the baleful aura of the gourd's baleful aura had injured them quite badly. Unless one is a Empyrean, it's impossible to touch the real gourd. "Gu Chensha was truly shocked. With his Heavenly Dao Arts' intuition, he could sense that the gourd before him was real.

Although the gourd before him did not have any baleful aura, its aura, as well as the essence of shattering all things into primal chaos, were all transmitted into Gu Chensha's senses. That's right, shattering all things into primal chaos.

This was the feeling that Gu Chensha had when he looked at the gourd before him. It stayed there quietly, not moving at all. But when it moved, it possessed the power to destroy the world.

"In my hands, it won't have any baleful aura. It's completely restrained."

Dou Yi Yu stroked the gourd as if they were very close. The two of them had an extraordinary fate. "Even the three Empyreans can't unleash its full power. It can't be controlled by the three Empyreans, but it can be controlled by me. This is fate. Otherwise, why do you think I became the number one subordinate of the three Empyreans?"

"How terrifying …" Only now did Gu Chensha feel jealous and fearful of Dou Yi Yu. Dou Yi Yu actually had fate with this gourd. He was definitely a very dangerous person. Fortunately, Gu Chensha had probed him. However, he said, "This gourd wasn't able to kill Xing Qiongshi back then. Now that Xing Qiongshi has survived and his cultivation has improved, it's even more impossible for this gourd to kill Xing Qiongshi."

"Back then, this gourd hadn't fully matured. Now, not only is it fully matured, but it's also nurtured another profundity."

Dou Yi Yu said, "It told me that there's a trace of its power in your body. That power didn't kill you, but instead made you stronger. Is that right?

Moreover, it said that your Heavenly Law is very nourishing to it. If you can use Heavenly Law to nourish it, its power will reach its peak. It might even surpass its limits. It might even be able to kill Xing Qiongshi.

Also, you'll be able to comprehend some of this gourd's secrets. Some of my junior brothers, such as God Destruction, have comprehended some superficial destruction principles from this gourd. " It had to be said that Dou Yi Yu's words were just as tempting as Gu Chensha's.

As the two of them conversed, they used words to tempt each other. They set up layers of traps, and no one knew whether they were real or fake. However, their conditions were extremely good, so it was impossible not to cooperate.

Gu Chensha's heart was like a mirror. Dou Yi Yu was qualified to be the number one subordinate of the three Empyreans. Even Empyrean Empyreans would be very wary of her. He really didn't know why she was fated with the Immortal Killing God Gourd.

It was just like how many people in Taiyi Fantasy Sect didn't understand why the Taiyi Pearl and Tai Mang Di were fated. Fate was something that couldn't be explained clearly.

Now, both Dou Yi Yu and Gu Chensha knew that the other party had thrown out poisonous bait. However, they couldn't help but swallow it. As the saying went, fortune came from danger.

Gu Chensha suddenly felt an unprecedented excitement. A battle of wits and courage with Dou Yi Yu could stimulate his improvement. He might even be able to use all of his energy to deal with him. Perhaps he would be able to obtain even more advancement by scheming against Dou Yi Yu.

For example, if Gu Chensha wanted to comprehend the Dao of Deviance and advance to the 27 Changes of Dao Realm, Seamless Space, and comprehend the power to tear space, he might only have a chance to comprehend them in the battle with Dou Yi Yu.

Not to mention anything else, Gu Chensha really hoped to comprehend the true Immortal Killing God Gourd and comprehend many secrets from it. He had merged with the blade energy in the gourd, and his understanding of the gourd surpassed that of a Celestial Sovereign.

"Okay, let's work together once. Fortune comes from danger." Gu Chensha finally made up his mind. "Should we head over to the Xing Qiong Family now? The longer we delay, the harder it will be for us to recover. "" There's no rush.

"There's no need to rush," Dou Yi Yu said. "I still need to acquire some good fortune before I can have a ninety percent chance of success. Look down below, that person named Ling Shaofei has the secrets of the two stars of Spiritualism. His qi flow has reached the pinnacle, but it's still not enough. If he can summon the two stars of the Carefree Star and fuse them into his body, then he'll reach a mysterious realm. Then he'll be able to acquire even more luck and fortune. Don't you want to see how many magical treasures he can acquire?

"Everyone has their own opportunities." Gu Chensha frowned. "Great Yong's laws forbid stealing other people's opportunities. You're controlling luck and playing with people here. I'm afraid that's not a good path. " "You can't do anything to me."

Dou Yi Yu held the gourd in his hand, and a smile appeared on his face. "In this world, power speaks louder than words. Unfortunately, although your Celestial Tranquility Department is powerful, it hasn't reached the level where you can truly subdue all the heavens. Now, you want to discuss how to deal with the Dharma Saint. If you offend me, you will be in a mess. " "You have the right to say that since you have the Celestial Killing God Gourd."

Gu Chensha had to admit that. "Since that is the case, then I will wait for your news. If you want to deal with the Xing Qiong Family, inform me."