Chapter 940
===========

The Human Realm Chapter 937: The Human Realm Chapter 937: The Human Realm Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue decided on something important.

The entire Eternal World was in a peaceful state, at least on the surface. Everyone could cultivate, and the previous panic was gone.

At this time, the Human Realm expanded rapidly. After merging with the primal chaos, it became a world even bigger than the Heaven Realm. It contained many mysteries. Not to mention, a lot of the mutated source fell into the Human Realm, not the Eternal World.

When the Human Realm had just been established, a mutated Origin Source that was a hundred times larger than Long Xiang Tian had descended into the Human Realm. In the following three months, there would occasionally be some small mutated Origin Source descending into the Human Realm. From this, it could be seen that in the near future, there would be many formidable figures appearing in the Human Realm. Gu Chensha decided to go to the Human Realm. There were many things that could be learned in the Human Realm. Gu Chensha also wanted to spread his dragonless heart sutra and occupy the hearts of the people.

He believed that people believed in the truth. In order to pursue the highest realm, he must study the secrets of the dragonless heart sutra. In fact, he also knew that the Emperor Of Heaven was also secretly studying it.

Gu Chensha could cultivate the dragonless heart sutra to the point where he could grow without relying on any karma, fate, and sacrificial power. However, the people couldn't. Therefore, this was his own immortality, not the immortality of the people. He still had to work hard to calculate the dragonless heart sutra to the point where any living being could cultivate it freely and have a strong mind.

"I want to see how the Human Realm is managed. Can the Emperor Of Heaven extract the immortality from it and recreate the Heavenly Court? Can it be more powerful than the original Heavenly Court? If the Emperor Of Heaven obtains the source that is a hundred times bigger than the Dragon Flying Sky and uses it as the foundation of the Heavenly Court, it is possible to create a new Heavenly Court that is even more powerful than the old Divine Continent." Whoosh! Just like that, Gu Chensha silently descended into the Human Realm.

Outside the Human Realm, there was also a crystal wall. However, this crystal wall was full of the smell of the mortal world. Even if a Heavenly Lord passed through this crystal wall and came to the Human Realm, he would immediately be infected by the power of the Human Realm. Karma would entangle him and he would not be able to escape. This was unique to the Human Realm.

In the future, it was impossible to live in the mortal world for a long time. If powerful existences like gods, immortals, devils, and saints stayed in the mortal world for a long time, they would be contaminated by the mortal world's aura. In the end, they would fall and lose their divine abilities and cultivation realm. In the end, they would not be able to escape the pain of reincarnation. However, there were some powerful existences who could comprehend the mortal world's phenomena and hide in the mortal world. They would not be infected by the mortal world's power and would instead borrow it to cultivate. Such a super giant was trying to avoid the Heavenly Court's surveillance.

In the future, the Heavenly Court would not allow powerful existences to appear. Therefore, once the Heavenly Court discovered an existence of the Divine Primordial Realm, it would record them and then immediately capture them. It would either recruit them, imprison them, kill them, or refine them into magic treasures to strengthen the Heavenly Court. Even Heavenly Longevity Realm experts would find it hard to escape their supervision.

This was because a Heavenly Longevity Realm expert had the same lifespan as the heavens and earth. The Heavenly Court would absolutely not allow an expert with the same lifespan as the heavens to appear. This kind of expert was equivalent to not being under the Heavenly Court's reincarnation control, so they naturally had to be suppressed.

Reincarnation was an important tool for the Heavenly Court to control countless experts. Experts who didn't listen would be directly thrown into reincarnation, stripped of their cultivation, and reincarnated as humans, demons, beasts, devils, and so on. And the obedient experts would directly enter the Heavenly Court and enjoy immortality.

"This is the Mortal Realm?

The Mortal Realm that has fused with the Primal Chaos, the Spiritual Realm, and a large number of the Heaven Realm's fragments is indeed boundless. It far surpasses the previous Heaven Realm's Land of Infinity. "

Gu Chensha passed through the Mortal Realm's crystal wall and arrived in the Mortal Realm. He saw mountains and rivers, magnificent mountains and rivers, rich landforms, and countless cities. There were also all kinds of humans, demons, and even some gods and devils mixed in.

This Mortal Realm completely inherited the foundation of the Heaven Realm's Land of Infinity, and it was even a step further. The spiritual energy was very dense, and it was supported by the Primal Chaos energy, making it extremely easy for living beings to cultivate in the Mortal Realm.

"The Mortal Realm is huge, and it is divided into many countries. However, there is always a Celestial Kingdom.

Just like how the Heaven Realm occupied the countries of the Divine Continent. "Gu Chensha's will instantly enveloped the entire Mortal Realm.

The Mortal Realm was much bigger and more complicated than the Heaven Realm, but now, Gu Chensha's realm had surpassed the Heaven Realm, and he could directly challenge the Heavenly Dao.

Since the success of the sacrificial ceremony and the expulsion of the Emperor Of Heaven, the Yongchō's situation was stabilized, and Gu Chensha's strength had improved a step further. Purely in terms of realm, he was already close to the Heavenly Dao.

Cultivation started from the beginning as an ordinary person, the Mortal Realm's First Glimpse, the Transcendent Transformation, and the Peak.

Then, after stepping into the Dao Realm, the Thirty-six Transformations, Eating Qi, Fasting, Nine Bulls and Two Tigers, Copper Skin and Iron Bones … Specks of Chaos, and Embodiment Transformation.

After that, it was the Celestial Lord Realm, which was beyond the Three Realms and not in the Five Elements. After that, it was Celestial Longevity, Celestial Essence, Heaven Realm, and Heavenly Dao.

Now, with the explosion of fortuitous encounters, many experts had already stepped into the Celestial Essence Realm, and some even had a few yuan, dozens, and hundreds of yuan of cultivation. However, there was almost no one who had reached the Heaven Realm. Even people like Long Xiangtian only had a few hundred yuan of cultivation. Compared to the Heaven Realm, there was still a big difference.

On the other hand, Lou Baiyue had begun to combine her Primordial Spirit with the Eternal World. Once she succeeded, her realm would also reach the Heaven Realm.

And Gu Chensha's current realm had already surpassed the Heaven Realm, and was approaching the Heavenly Dao.

It could be said that if the Emperor Of Heaven had not improved, according to the original trajectory, with that kind of cultivation in the future, he could now completely suppress the Emperor Of Heaven.

Unfortunately, the Emperor Of Heaven was also improving, his strength had increased to a frightening degree, and he was also good at learning.

In the near future, even the Emperor Of Heaven would learn the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and using it to attack Gu Chensha would not be strange.

Of course, if the current Gu Chensha fought with the Emperor Of Heaven, he could completely gain the upper hand, but he would not be able to easily eliminate this person.

In a certain theory, even if the Emperor Of Heaven was included, Gu Chensha would still be the strongest, no one could go neck and neck with him, the Emperor Of Heaven could only be ranked second.

In an instant, Gu Chensha's thoughts filled the entire Human Realm, and in an instant, everything in the Human Realm converged into his mind. In the midst of calculation, all the information was summarized in a flash, and finally, useful information came out.

"In the center of the Human Realm, there is a dynasty known as the Heaven Dynasty List, the current name of the dynasty is' Hong ', which is also the Hong Dynasty.

The Emperor of the Hong Dynasty is Zhang Ziran, who became the Son of Heaven, and has the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman. "

Gu Chensha turned into an ordinary person, and fell into the center of the Human Realm, in an extremely flourishing city.

This city had a circumference of 10,000 miles, and houses stood tall, somewhat like the new city built by the imperial court's Celestial Designer Department. In this city, there were countless people living, and it was bustling with activity.

There were even some cultivators who restrained their magic power and aura, and secretly explored according to the way of life of ordinary people.

"Oh?

These are a few Celestial Master Realm cultivators. Turns out they were in my Yongchō Eternal World, and in the past three months, they secretly ran to the Human Realm. Let me see what these people want to do. " Gu Chensha saw three or four people, who were actually Celestial Masters, enter a house.

Gu Chensha followed. This house was very deep, and it seemed to be a large manor, there were many servants inside, but they were all well-behaved, as if they were being controlled.

These three or four Celestial Masters entered the secret room in the center of the manor, sat down cross-legged, and began to communicate with divine will.

"Brother Zhang, we left the Eternal World, and entered the Human Realm for several months, and we can be considered to be operating in the dark, and we still haven't been able to find the mutated source." A middle-aged man said, "Did you find any clues?"

"Right now, the Lord of the Human Realm, the Emperor of the Hong Dynasty, Zhang Ziran, is also looking for the existence of the mutated source."

The Celestial Master surnamed Zhang said, "Speaking of which, my surname is also Zhang, but I am not related to that Zhang Ziran.

Once we find the mutated source, after we devour it, we can immediately become an existence almost comparable to the Emperor Of Heaven.

This is much better than us painstakingly studying the Dragonless Heart Sutra in the Eternal World. "

"We really can't comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra, we can't grasp that realm, and we don't know if it is true or false. I suspect that the Dragonless Heart Sutra is mostly a lie, it is only possible in theory, but in reality, it is impossible to reach a realm that doesn't need any external things."

Another Heavenly Venerate said, "Let's just look for the mutated Origin Source honestly. Not to mention the big one, even if we get a small one, we can immediately advance to the Heavenly Primordial Stage and even have the power of many Primordial Stages. Don't look at how we are now in the Heavenly Venerate Stage. In the past, we could be high and mighty, but now, we are nothing. Any Heavenly Primordial Stage expert can kill us all with one finger. Look at the stars in the sky.

Gu Chensha had long noticed that the sky above the Human Realm was filled with bright stars, and there was also a blazing sun and a bright moon.

However, the blazing sun and bright moon were not the original version of the Heaven Realm, but a re-creation by the Emperor Of Heaven.

In the eyes of Gu Chensha, everywhere in the Human Realm was sacrificed to the Heaven, no matter what kind of living creature it was, it gave birth to a kind of instinct to sacrifice to the Heaven.

Therefore, the huge power of the sacrifice gathered from all directions above the sky, in a hidden point in space, and in the depths of that point, a huge existence was slowly born. That was the New Heavenly Court.

The Emperor Of Heaven was using the sacrifice of the Human Realm to extract the immortal substance from it to forge the new Heavenly Court.