Chapter 377
===========

"What kind of technique is this?" The Sun and Moon Shine Together shone on the entire cave abode.

Almost the entire cave abode melted and everything had to submit under this light. This was the Sun and Moon Shine on the world.

Fa Wuxian was originally trying to dodge Gu Chensha's Banishing Celestial Palm and at the same time find an opening to kill Gu Chensha.

After all, the Banishing Immortal Palm was indeed miraculous, but it would only be effective if it hit a person. Moreover, Gu Chensha's Banishing Immortal Palm could only cause some harm to him. It couldn't actually deprive him of his magic power and talent. He couldn't compare to Jing Fanxing.

But once the Sun and Moon Shine Together appeared, the light made him sink into a quagmire. His mana started to circulate and he couldn't escape Gu Chensha's attack at all.

Gu Chensha pounced over and his fist technique was like a god. His palm contained sealing, destruction, melting, redemption, cleansing, demon vanquishing, mystical and many other powers.

This palm technique wasn't the Banishing Celestial Palm but the Sealed God Fist Force. It was more powerful but it consumed a lot of energy.

"Fight!"

Fa Wuxian couldn't avoid it. He raised his hands and struck out all sorts of seals, using the Battle Dao to its fullest. The two of them attacked continuously, almost destroying the cave abode.

But the cauldron in the middle of the cave abode emitted a strong suction force, absorbing the shockwaves from their battle and stabilizing the cave abode. Otherwise, the entire mountain would have collapsed.

Gu Chensha's palm got heavier and heavier, like the sun and moon falling down, pressing down on the ground. And every time Fa Wuxian received a palm, his body would become thinner. This was because his mana was being used up and it was hard to recover.

"Kill!"

Fa Wuxian once again launched a brazen counterattack. He exhaled and let out a loud roar. His fists followed the law and exploded violently. He actually managed to block Gu Chensha's continuous attacks. Then, he took a step forward and reached out with his claw, aiming straight for Gu Chensha's chest. He was actually going to dig out the golden core in his chest. This was the flaw. The Golden Core was the strongest but also the weakest.

Back then, Gu Chensha had used a surprise attack and allowed the Black Tortoise baby to grab Gu Huo's Golden Core and obtain victory.

Fa Wuxian could tell that Gu Chensha's strongest point was his Golden Core. Once he grabbed it and used a secret technique to cut off the connection between the Golden Core and his main body, he would lose his source of power.

If one cultivated spiritual power and reached Dao Realm 20 Transformation, then there would be no weaknesses. His body and golden pellet would merge into one and he would be able to use them freely. His life essence would be changed.

Fa Wuxian's attack seemed to have been planned for a long time. It seemed to be his final counterattack. Puchi!

He used some sort of mystical technique to break through the layers of light and grab onto Gu Chensha's chest. Suddenly, a strong suction force appeared on the claws, trying to pull Gu Chensha's golden core out.

"How could it be that easy?"

The Golden Core in Gu Chensha's Tanzhong Acupoint on his chest sank directly and reached the Cave in the depths of the Sea of Qi in his Dantian.

After the Grotto-Heaven Ritual, a Grotto-Heaven appeared in his Sea of Consciousness and Energy, causing his Earth Energy and Mental Energy storage to reach the maximum.

At this moment, he hid his Golden Core in the Grotto-Heaven. No matter how strong Fa Wuxian was, he wouldn't be able to snatch it. Unless he was a god and had the ability to rip open the Grotto-Heaven.

"What is going on?"

Fa Wuxian sensed that something was wrong, "Why is there a Grotto-Heaven in your body? Your flesh and blood have merged with the power of space."

"Right, I went through the Ancient Grotto-Heaven Ritual. Only the power of the Heaven Dao can merge my flesh and blood with the Grotto-Heaven. The move I used is called Sun and Moon Shine Together.

It is the first move of the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique. You should have heard of this technique, right? Do you think that any of your techniques can compare to this technique? " Gu Chensha's intent stabbed deep into Fa Wuxian's mind to shock him.

"What?

Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique? "As expected, Fa Wuxian lost control of his mind and his Dharmic powers started to fluctuate.

Gu Chensha let out a long roar. The Sun and Moon Shine Together technique gathered in his hands. He clasped them together in front of him like a giant millstone of the sun and moon, crushing Fa Wuxian within, directly refining him and causing Fa Wuxian to be completely destroyed.

"Lawless!" All of a sudden, Fa Wuxian split a portion of his powers, which took the form of an umbrella. The umbrella opened above his head and blocked all the attacks. Kacha!

Under the power of the Sun and Moon Shine Together, the umbrella was destroyed. However, Fa Wuxian took advantage of this opportunity and dodged again. He seized the opportunity to escape from Gu Chensha's attack. He turned into a rainbow and tried to escape. Gu Chensha immediately used the Sun and Moon Shine Together to block him again.

But Fa Wuxian's move was actually a feint. His spear actually entered the pill furnace in the center.

Gu Chensha quickly pounced over and slammed his palm on the pill furnace. But a layer of light exploded from the pill furnace, protecting it while absorbing Gu Chensha's attack.

"Fa Wuxian is really strong. He was heavily injured by Jing Qiu and I actually used so many techniques but still couldn't capture him. If he was at his full strength, I definitely wouldn't be his match." Gu Chensha was impressed. Natural Saints were so strong. These consecutive battles had greatly benefited him.

Now that Fa Wuxian hid in the pill furnace, he was actually unable to break the pill furnace and attack Fa Wuxian.

This pill furnace could absorb attacks and convert them into energy. This was the use of Gu Chensha's Dragon Gate. When Gu Chensha activated the Dragon Gate, it was unknown how many enemies he had defeated.

The Dragon Gate could absorb the enemy's attacks and convert them into Dragon Nurturing Qi. Not only could it increase one's aptitude, it could also heal injuries and nourish one's origin. Now, he actually encountered the same situation. It could be said that it was an eye for an eye.

This pill furnace was also refined from the remains of the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. Moreover, the aura of the remains was ten times stronger than the remains that Gu Chensha had obtained. Its might was naturally much stronger. Now that Fa Wuxian hid inside, Gu Chensha really had no way to deal with him.

"Gu Chensha, you actually injured me to this extent. Moreover, I didn't expect that you actually learned the Son of Heaven Sealing God Technique.

I already know all of your secrets. Wait until I refine the Ancient Underworld Relic in this pill furnace and become one with the pill furnace. I will recover my strength and advance a step further. Then, it will be the time of your death.

No matter where you escape to, I will capture you. "Fa Wuxian's voice came out from the pill furnace.

"Fa Wuxian, do you think that if you hide inside the pill furnace, I won't be able to do anything to you?"

Gu Chensha stared at the pill furnace. He was unable to sense the Common People's Wish sphere in the deep sea. Otherwise, he would have activated the sphere and taken the pill furnace away.

"You can try."

Fa Wuxian laughed heartily. "This is my last resort. Originally, I didn't want to hide inside. This is a disgrace. But since you actually have the Son of Heaven Sealing God Technique, it doesn't matter. You are a person with great luck. You are even luckier than that Wen Hong. It's no wonder. In a mere six to seven years, you cultivated from a mortal who wasn't even a Martial Warrior to your current realm. Even I can't compare to your speed.

Wait for me to come out, then I will haggle with you. Feel free to use all your methods and see if you can destroy this pill furnace. " "Great Force Capture!"

Gu Chensha didn't answer Fa Wuxian. He activated the power of his Gold Core, which flew out of his body and turned into a huge hand that grabbed the pill furnace. He lifted it up and sent it into the grotto-heaven in the depths of his dantian.

As long as he was trapped in the Paradise, Fa Wuxian would have no chance to escape. That way, he could return to the Calming Immortal Department and slowly refine the Common People's Wish sphere.

Unfortunately, the hand formed from his Gold Core couldn't move the pill furnace at all. It didn't budge at all.

With Gu Chensha's current strength, the hand formed from his Gold Core could easily grab a mountain and lift it up.

But the pill furnace didn't budge, as if it was connected to some mysterious power that had taken root.

"Sun and Moon Refinement!"

Gu Chensha sent out numerous talismans in an attempt to refine the pill furnace. But the talismans couldn't even penetrate the pill furnace, and were bounced back.

Refining an item was actually using one's Primordial Spirit to transform into talismans that seeped into magic treasures, establishing a close connection with one's heart and soul. But if the talismans couldn't seep into it, then there was no way to refine it.

"You want to refine this pill furnace? That's just wishful thinking. "

Fa Wuxian said, "This pill furnace was refined from the Dragonize Pagoda, and it also contains the relic formed from Immortal Ming Gu's magic power. This relic is used to suppress the pill furnace, and it has already fused with the power of the ocean here. You don't have the power of the ocean, so how can you capture it?

Especially since this pill furnace is stained with the blood of a Martial Monarch. The piece of the Dragonize Pagoda you obtained before didn't have the blood of a Martial Monarch. " "This guy is recovering his strength."

When Gu Chensha heard this, he knew that the pill furnace had endless power. In just a short while, it had actually helped Fa Wuxian recover quite a bit.

If it wasn't long before Fa Wuxian completely recovered, he would most likely be killed by him instead. But he wasn't willing to leave just like that. If he left, after Fa Wuxian came out, he could also leave. Then he would lose this opportunity.

"Why didn't Fa Wuxian enter the pill furnace in the beginning?"

Gu Chensha thought of a way, and his sea of consciousness spun rapidly. With his current 600,000 multitasking methods, he could immediately think of many things. "It's very likely that he entered the pill furnace, and there will be some danger.

Or maybe Immortal Ming Gu's will is still inside, and he wants to suppress it. But Ming Gu's cultivation is not as high as Jing Qiu's, and he's already dead. Even if there is some instinctive will left, Fa Wuxian should be able to suppress it easily. That's right, the Martial Monarch blood that he mentioned just now! " The Dragonize Pagoda used for this pill furnace was stained with the blood of a Martial Monarch.

A Martial Monarch was a supreme expert, and he unified the divine continent, and his achievements were second only to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. He forged the Dragonize Pagoda, and raised the aptitude of the common people. He also fought against the demons and barbarians, and exterminated the demons. He also suppressed the Immortal Dao, and made it work for the common people.

According to the historical records, his achievements even surpassed most of the ancient emperors, but he didn't get the Heaven Sacrificial Decree.

This Martial Monarch was famous, and although he was later killed by the joint forces of the deities, demons, and immortals, he probably didn't die completely, and the blood he left behind had supreme mysteries and magical uses.

Fa Wuxian probably wanted to fight with the will in the Martial Monarch blood, so that he could finally refine this pill furnace, and obtain many benefits.

However, fighting with the Martial Monarch blood was extremely dangerous, and Fa Wuxian was also very afraid. Now that he was forced to his limits by Gu Chensha, he could only take the risk. In an instant, Gu Chensha more or less guessed the truth of the matter.