Chapter 792
===========

Untainted Dragon Sect was stubborn. M.M

At the last moment, they still protected The Great Spirit God, which made Gu Chensha extremely disappointed.

Of course, Gu Chensha would not let The Great Spirit God go just like that. After months of cultivation, he had absolute confidence that even within Untainted Dragon Sect, he could capture and kill The Great Spirit God. Therefore, facing Untainted Dragon Sect's final stance, Gu Chensha could only ignore it.

"Untainted Dragon Sect."

Gu Chensha sighed. "My determination cannot be shaken. If you try to stop me, then from now on, we are enemies. You should know that I can erase your sins, but I can also increase your sins. I can even steal your essence." "Then come."

The dragon head formed by Untainted Dragon Sect's will was not afraid. Great existences like Untainted Dragon Sect had never been afraid of anyone since ancient times. He just said these four words and then disappeared.

"The Great Spirit God does have some fate. Even at this time, Untainted Dragon Sect's will is still protecting him. From this, it can be seen that he is not fated to die. However, I can directly cut off the fate problem of whether he is fated to die or not.

I can decide whether he is fated to die or not, and I can also decide his fate. If I say he is fated, even if he is fated, he is fated. " Gu Chensha's voice became louder again.

This time, his voice carried the power of destruction and devouring, seeping into every corner of Untainted Dragon Sect. Wu wu wu, wu wu wu ….

In the depths of Untainted Dragon Sect, all the Dragon Qi collapsed in an instant and rushed towards Gu Chensha and the Divine Land Gourd. Now, all the Heaven Mending Dragon Sect's people were no longer worshipping, but cursing Untainted Dragon Sect, The Great Spirit God, and Untainted Old Man.

Originally, Gu Chensha had built a huge region and used the Dragon Qi to create Heaven Mending Dragon Sect to save Untainted Dragon Sect. Now, Untainted Dragon Sect was protecting The Great Spirit God, so they were enemies. Gu Chensha did not hold back anymore.

Immediately, an unknown amount of Dragon Qi entered Gu Chensha's body. The Divine Land Gourd absorbed dozens of times more Dragon Qi than before.

The Divine Prefecture Bottle Gourd shrank down again. Now it was only the size of a soybean, and power surged inside of it. Then, the power of the Divine Prefecture shot out, causing even more inhabitants of the Heavens to appear.

The territory that Gu Chensha had opened up was as large as the four wastelands and the divine continent. Even though it wasn't as large as the real world, it was still a thousandth of the area. It was more than enough to house a trillion heaven mending people.

After Gu Gu Chensha's fierce expansion, the number of Heaven Mending Realm increased by hundreds of billions. It should be known that the Great Yongchō Court only had 30 billion people.

However, the Heaven Mending Beings were not real humans. In essence, they were half-human half-puppets created by Gu Chensha using Dragon Qi. They were not perfect. If it could create a perfect human, it would probably need to cultivate to the Celestial Lord Realm.

Of course, the Heaven Mending Beings he created produced a huge amount of sacrificial power. It was easy to gather them and refine all kinds of things.

"Born from sacrificial power, the 36 Treasures, the Gate to Heaven, the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven, come out!" Gu Chensha pointed again. This time, he was serious.

More and more people were born to mend the heavens, and they joined the sacrificial industry. During the sacrificial process, a massive amount of sacrificial power gathered together and was refined by the Ancient Dust Sand, which turned into the boundless 36 treasures. The 36 treasures gathered together and opened the Heaven Realm Gate. Within the Heaven Realm Gate, the throne of the Celestial Emperor appeared. Gu Chensha sat on it again.

The throne of the Emperor Of Heaven was much more powerful than the Prehistoric Dragon Gate, the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, and the Primordial Mist Tree. It was the number one position in the heavens. Nothing could compare to it. As long as one sat on it, they could enjoy eternal life.

Although Gu Chensha did not obtain the throne, he used his rich knowledge to calculate some of the secrets of the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven. Then, he sat on it and simulated the aura of the Emperor Of Heaven.

The throne of the Emperor Of Heaven was simulated by Gu Chensha. He got closer and closer to it. This was the real preparation for gathering the 36 Treasures and obtaining the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven. At this time, Gu Chensha was refining a supreme treasure. And the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven was the highest treasure he could refine.

Gu Chensha comprehended these things in the depths of the Prehistoric Dragon Gate. This was the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven.

Even if he created a virtual throne, his strength would increase greatly. This was why he used this ability to force the Great Spirit God to flee.

"Expand!" Gu Chensha placed his palms together. Once again, more Heaven Mending People were born.

He used this place as a foundation and then expanded. He used this to refine the Prehistoric Dragon Gate.

If the Prehistoric Dragon Gate was at its peak, it would be difficult for him to move forward. But now, it was much simpler. Countless amounts of Dragon Energy were absorbed by him as resources.

As more and more Heaven Mending People appeared, his strength grew. With an open plan, he messed up everything in the depths of the Prehistoric Dragon Gate.

"Too presumptuous." The will in the depths of the Prehistoric Dragon Gate was finally angered by Gu Chensha.

Suddenly, the entire space was moved and all the Dragon Energy started to shrink. Gu Chensha couldn't absorb any more Dragon Energy.

Now, the space that Gu Chensha was in suddenly withered and died. There was no more Essence Energy for him to absorb. This was the Prehistoric Dragon Gate's trap tactic.

"Prehistoric Dragon Gate, do you think that you can trap me with this method? You are so wrong. Chaos Descend!"

Gu Chensha was still sitting on the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven. He stretched out his hand and pulled! Instantly, a large area of space was torn apart and large amounts of chaos flowed down.

Originally, cultivators who had cultivated to the Primal Chaos Realm could break through space and absorb Primal Chaos Qi at any time to refine what they needed.

But if they were trapped in some dangerous place, they wouldn't be able to comprehend chaos and would be trapped to death.

But when one's cultivation reached Gu Chensha's level, at least the Prehistoric Dragon Gate couldn't stop him from sensing chaos.

Not to mention the current Prehistoric Dragon Gate, even when it was at its peak, he could come and go as he pleased. This was because he was starting to comprehend the Dao of the Emperor Of Heaven. Moreover, he already understood the Prehistoric Dragon Gate.

Chaos descended and then under his will, it was broken down and settled. Clear energy rose and turbid energy sank.

This caused the land that he created to be even more vigorous. There were actually all sorts of treasures and resources. Trillions of people could live a good life. That way, he could continue to expand.

Just like that, Gu Chensha didn't care and just focused on expanding. He didn't take the initiative to attack. He just used his momentum to expand within the Prehistoric Dragon Gate. In the end, he occupied all the land and swallowed all the Essence Energy.

"Lightning, come!"

The Prehistoric Dragon Gate's will finally couldn't sit still. It activated a secret technique and instantly, millions of dragon roars gathered in the air, forming a huge lightning ball. This lightning ball was so big that it far exceeded a medium-sized world and reached the level of a Major Thousand World. A huge lightning ball the size of a Major Thousand World formed in the sky above Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha's expression changed.

When he saw the huge lightning ball the size of a Major Thousand World, he knew that this attack was no small matter.

This was because this was the same as a great thousand worlds exploding, or even stronger. Even if a dimensional realm were to explode, Gu Chensha wouldn't fear it, nor would he be injured. But, an explosion on the level of a great thousand worlds was something he absolutely wouldn't be able to withstand. This might very well be the Prehistoric Dragon Gate's strongest attack.

Although the Prehistoric Dragon Gate was at the peak of a Major Thousand World, it was far from what an ordinary Major Thousand World could compare to. However, this was probably the only attack that could cause a Major Thousand World to explode.

The destructive power of a Major Thousand World condensed into lightning. It was unstoppable and even with Gu Chensha's current strength, he didn't have any power to stop it. He could only take it head-on.

"Gu Chensha, enjoy this Major Thousand Prehistoric Dragon Lightning. This is an attack that the Prehistoric Dragon Gate consumes its own source energy. Even at its peak, the Prehistoric Dragon Gate can only send out such lightning three times. Now, the Prehistoric Dragon Gate can only send out one." At this time, The Great Spirit God's voice came out.

Gu Chensha didn't care about The Great Spirit God but the Major Thousand Prehistoric Dragon Lightning.

In the deepest corner of the Prehistoric Dragon Gate, the Prehistoric Dragon Gate and The Great Spirit God stood face to face.

"I wonder if the Prehistoric Dragon Gate's attack will kill Gu Chensha?" The Great Spirit God asked Prehistoric Old Man.

"I'm afraid not. At most, this kid will be seriously injured. He can't be killed."

Prehistoric Old Man said, "It won't be easy to kill this kid. The Great Spirit God, you should know this. Why ask when you already know the answer? What I need to do now is to seize his source energy while he is seriously injured. Even if we can only obtain one-tenth of it, it will be a chance for us to break through to the Sky Origin Realm."

"Seizing his source energy isn't difficult. This time, our plan succeeded. We will use him to awaken the Prehistoric Dragon Gate's source energy and then let it suppress him. Then, we can get what we want." The Great Spirit God stared at Gu Chensha.

At this time, the Major Thousand Prehistoric Dragon Lightning was already falling towards Gu Chensha. It was unstoppable.

Gu Chensha had established the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds in the depths of the Prehistoric Dragon Gate. Now, the Prehistoric Dragon Gate wanted to destroy them in one fell swoop. This was like a comet crashing into the Earth. Rumble!

The Four Wilds were destroyed first, then the Divine Prefecture. All the people mending the heavens had completely disappeared when the lightning fell. The power of the explosion of the Boundless Universe was in the center and locked on to attack. Heavenly Venerables and Heavenly Longevity Realm experts were all ants in front of this power.

In the end, everything that Gu Chensha had created ceased to exist in the face of a lightning strike. He was the only one left.

However, even he couldn't resist for long. The endless 36 treasures were destroyed, the Gate of Heaven was gone, and the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven started to melt. In the end, the lightning fell completely, and Gu Chensha disappeared under the huge lightning. A 19-year-old girl masturbating on a live broadcast platform was exposed! Follow the official WeChat account: meinvpai1 (long press for 3 seconds to copy) to watch online!