Chapter 47
==========

Roar!

He had only been running for a few breaths when an angry roar came from the little garden. It seemed that the Great Wei Dynasty's Lord had returned and was about to go crazy when he realized that the eighteen flags had disappeared.

"I can't run anymore. I'm heavily injured and can't run far. I might as well hide in the Sacrificial Space and heal my wounds first." Gu Chensha hid in a corner of the temple and entered the space. The space was now filled with wealth, gold, jewelry, armor, pills, flags, and corpses.

Gu Chensha did not care about this. He first took more than ten drops of Heavenly Dew, then used the Sun and Moon Refining Technique to dissolve the medicinal power of the Heavenly Dew. Immediately, a warm and refreshing feeling spread through his body, and many of his injuries were healed.

Not only could Heavenly Dew increase one's strength, but it was also very effective in healing wounds and killing poisons. If a normal person was about to die, after taking Heavenly Dew, they could even hang on until the medicinal power disappeared. In theory, if there was a large amount of Heavenly Dew, even a dying person could live for a long time.

However, Heavenly Dew could only be obtained by worshipping the heavens. Since ancient times, it had been in the hands of the Ancient Emperor. It was rarely spread, and was only a legend among the people. The Emperor's God-Sealing Art was the best combination for cultivating Heavenly Dew.

After a full two hours, Gu Chensha finally woke up. All of his injuries had healed, and he was full of energy. However, he was not in a hurry to leave. He did not know what was happening outside. If the security was tight and the Evil Sect and Barbarian experts were gathered, he would die if he went out.

"Let's see what this demon has on him." Gu Chensha saw the floating blood ball in the air and ignited the Sacrificial Grass. Weng … He meditated slightly on the altar, and another hundred drops of Heavenly Dew appeared.

"Good, the demon I killed is of the same level as the Black Demon Bat." He hurriedly collected the Heavenly Dew into his gourd. After observing, he found that he had close to two hundred drops. He then began to examine the corpse, and soon found an imperial edict.

"Another imperial edict conferring the title of Earl by the Great Wei Dynasty. What is the Great Wei Dynasty trying to do by stirring up such a storm?

This guy is called Yin Yang Scholar. That's right, I heard from Long Yuyun that this demon is a flower plucking demon, and specializes in cultivating the Joyful Plucking Technique. It seems that the sect that developed back then was also annihilated by the imperial court. "

Gu Chensha was still very happy. He searched again and found a pink leather scroll. It was filled with male and female training postures. It was called the Joyous Yin Yang Art.

Apart from this, there was also a purple-gold bottle with three pink medicinal pills inside. It was unknown what they were used for, but they seemed to be quite precious. Otherwise, the Yin-Yang Scholar wouldn't have kept them on him.

"First I killed the Black Demon Bat, then I killed the Yin-Yang Scholar. After getting rid of the two old demons, the imperial court will calculate the merit. No matter how bad the situation is, I won't be punished."

Gu Chensha picked up the imperial edict and prepared to offer it. Suddenly, he discovered that the aura of the eighteen flags actually surpassed the imperial edict.

"Could it be that these 18 flags are actually imperial swords, or ceremonial instruments used to offer sacrifices to the heavens?"

Gu Chensha was secretly surprised. He was very sensitive to the aura of the Emperor. Based on his intuition, these eighteen flags were even more powerful than the imperial edict.

The only things stronger than the imperial edict were ceremonial objects used to offer sacrifices to the heavens. The Great Yongchō was stored in the Imperial Ancestral Temple. There were many treasures that were taken out every time to offer sacrifices to the heavens. After the sacrifices, they would be stored in the warehouse. These were all extremely sacred objects.

"But these eighteen flags seem to be treasures. Isn't it a pity to use them as sacrifices?

Whatever, I'll first offer the imperial edict and see what benefits I can get. "Gu Chensha burned the imperial edict and meditated, communicating with the heavenly dao.

The imperial edict burned, and the aura of the Emperor merged into the altar. Gu Chensha didn't learn any more moves. He only felt that the four walls of the altar seemed to have condensed a little. It was blurry, like flowers in the fog. He seemed to be able to see the situation outside the altar, but it was just a feeling. It was basically impossible to see clearly.

"The aura of the Emperor isn't enough." Gu Chensha's sharp senses told him, "It's too important for me to be able to see the situation outside! Even if these eighteen flags are treasures, I don't care. " Immediately, he placed the eighteen flags on the altar and began to offer sacrifices. Rumble!

The entire altar began to tremble, as though it was being shaken by the powerful aura of the Emperor. The space began to change, and it began to expand outwards. The thin layer of space began to become transparent, becoming something like a crystal wall, allowing Gu Chensha to see clearly outside.

Outside was still in the corner of the temple. Many disciples walked here and there, and he could even hear their footsteps.

The current situation was that Gu Chensha was hiding in a huge crystal ball, and he could see outside. Those outside could not see the crystal ball formed by the altar, because the two of them were not in the same space.

Only those who had cultivated to an extremely profound level of Dao Transformation, could break through the mysteries of space and time, tear open the void, and open up a Grotto-Heaven.

But this was at least above the Thirty Transformations level. At this level, there was no difference between them and gods.

"Eh? These eighteen flags are still here? "

After the sacrifice, the flags were actually still on the altar, but they seemed to have lost some sort of majesty. That was because the aura of the Emperor had been absorbed by the altar.

"In the past, imperial edicts were ordinary materials. When the sacrifice was made, the energy would fluctuate, and if it couldn't withstand it, it would be burned to ashes.

But this flag is made of special materials, so it wasn't damaged, and it still has spiritual effects.

After all, I didn't sacrifice the flag, but the aura of the Emperor on it. "Gu Chensha understood this point, and instantly became happy.

This meant that the flag could still be used, and it still had the effect of gathering spiritual energy. The dissipation of the aura of the Emperor had no effect on the treasure itself.

"The guards outside haven't dispersed yet, I have to wait."

He carefully observed the changes outside. Now that he was able to do it smoothly, it was like a blind man seeing the light again. This joy made him want to do it again.

Hiding in the altar space, he could see the situation outside clearly. This kind of advantage was best for sneak attacks, and it could be said that he was invincible.

"It's a pity that I can't control the altar space to move."

Gu Chensha calculated again, and he found another flaw. According to logic, the space formed by the Sacrificial Heaven Talisman was omnipotent, and it wasn't difficult for it to drift through space and time. Looking at it, it should be because it lacked the aura of the Emperor, and it couldn't be used more effectively.

If he could control the altar to move, then it would be much more convenient. He could even move to the side of experts and suddenly attack. He could even directly pass through their bodies and pierce through them from the inside.

Thinking about it, if a person's stomach appeared and Gu Chensha used Sun and Moon Kill, they would instantly be ripped into pieces.

In ancient history books, there were celestials who cultivated to the Size Manipulation Realm. After being swallowed by a flood dragon, the celestial would suddenly grow bigger in its stomach, causing the flood dragon to split into pieces.

For the time being, the altar space's function was to hide. Gu Chensha would come out from wherever he entered the space. But this was enough to make him a fearsome assassin in the world.

This was why he decided to stay here and assassinate those demons and barbarians one by one. But if he met the King, he would have to avoid him. That was because the King's cultivation was really terrifying and he was probably above Dao Realm Transformation Three. Sun and Moon Kill wouldn't be able to do anything to him, and if he used his killing move, he would be killed before he could even think about returning to the altar space.

After all, he was just a Martial Path Grandmaster, and being able to kill the bats and Yin Yang Scholar was already his limit. Apart from those evil sect members, there were also barbarian race warriors patrolling outside. Gu Chensha wasn't interested in these people at all. He just wanted to capture the leader.

'Besides the Black Killer Bat and Yin Yang Scholar, there seems to be Daoist Hundred Poisons and Cult Master Blood Soul among the evil cult leaders. They are all great people who have reached the first or second transformation of Dao Realm. If I kill all of them, it's possible that the Berserkers will be defeated and forced to retreat from the three counties. But if I kill all of them, I'll attract the attention of the highest authorities.

After the barbarian race warriors and evil sect members patrolled, Gu Chensha took advantage of the fact that they weren't paying attention to head out of the altar space.

This time, it was much easier for him. He walked from the corners and when he heard someone come, he would hide. When he saw someone leave, he would come out. It was even more amazing than invisibility. In just a short while, he got close to the true core of the temple.

It was a circular hall and a cold aura spread out from within. Gu Chensha didn't dare to get close as he saw a really weird situation.

Many bubbles emerged from the main hall and didn't disperse. Inside each bubble was a strange medicinal pill. Those medicinal pills rubbed against each other and suddenly burst into raging flames. In the end, they turned into pure medicinal energy and fused with the bubbles before being sucked back.

"Dao Realm Transformation Six, refining energy into astral energy. No, to be able to cultivate astral energy to such a level, it isn't the sixth transformation but the seventh transformation, leaving the ground and flying in the air!"

Gu Chensha knew that those bubbles were Xiantian Stellar Energy that was emitted from the human body. However, experts of the Sixth Transformation of the Dao Realm could not retrieve their stellar energy after emitting it. Only those who had reached the Seventh Transformation could leave the ground and soar into the sky. They could release and release their Xiantian Stellar Energy at will and circulate it outside their bodies, lifting them up and allowing them to fly.

"Leave, this person can't be beaten." He left right away and didn't dare to turn his head.

He had no confidence in killing someone at the third transformation, much less someone at the seventh transformation. In Nanshan Hunting Grounds, he saw Lou Chongxiao use bubbles to wrap up the barbarian race.

It wouldn't be surprising if such a person could kill him 100 times in an instant. The gap in realms was too huge and no matter how lucky he was, he wouldn't be able to win.

It was best for him to stay far away. With such a person here, no wonder the Third Prince didn't dare to send troops to surround him.

Luckily, this person was at a crucial moment in his cultivation and didn't have time to worry about him. Otherwise, his Sun and Moon Transformation Technique would have been noticed.

This person was condensing his own Xiantian astral energy, using it to wrap up precious herbs. He would rub and burn them, merging the medicinal properties into the astral energy to make it more mystical and lively.