Chapter 920
===========

!! Chapter 917 Lord of the Thirty-Six Stars Xu Ziyu finally revealed his true strength. He was actually the lord of the 36 Stars.

A halo of light appeared behind his head, and within it was a river of stars. Thirty-six planets could be seen. Each of these planets was a great thousand worlds. In other words, Xu Ziyu currently had the power of thirty-six yuan.

As for God Maha and the Chaotic Demonic Ape God, both of them only had the strength of one yuan, while Xu Ziyu's strength was thirty-six times that of theirs.

"So, Xu Ziyu, you're the Lord of Seven Star's true form. But how did you get the true form of the thirty-six great planets?" Duan Xiaoxian's expression was one of shock.

"That's right. I'm the Lord of Seven Star's true form. Theoretically speaking, Zhuge Ya is nothing more than a wisp of my profundities. As for why I have thirty-six planets, it's simple. I kill the reincarnations of the other planets and take their Essences." Xu Ziyu's explanation was casual, but everyone who heard it felt a chill in their hearts.

The true bodies of all the stars descended into the world of mortals. These reincarnated stars didn't unite as one. Instead, they slaughtered each other in order to seize the true bodies of the stars. It had to be known that a true body of a star could be a dimensional realm or even a chiliocosm. After seizing a true body of a star, they could fuse it into their body and refine it into a magic treasure. That would immediately increase their power.

For example, Voidziyu was actually the Lord of Seven Star's true form. In other words, his first good fortune had given him the power of seven great planets, and the power of seven essences. In other words, he had the power of seven chiliocosms.

Then, this person was good at scheming, vicious and merciless. He secretly discovered a few people who were reincarnated from stars, immediately refining and killing them. As a result, he gradually accumulated as many as thirty-six great stars. With so many great stars, he refined them into a ring of light, circling behind his head. It could be said that all methods were unbreakable, unmatched.

Moreover, the stronger he was, the more reincarnators of Xing Chen he could plunder. If this continued, sooner or later he would be able to plunder all the reincarnators of Xing Chen. At that time, he would become the Lord of the Myriad Stars and one of the giants. Of course, this was still a very long and distant matter.

"Duan Xiaoxian, Nangong Xun, if I'm not mistaken, you've also obtained Xing Chen's true form, haven't you?

Duan Xiaoxian, your body contains the Laughing Forgotten Star, the Jade Beauty Star, the Heavenly Death Star, and the Pearl Fall Star. Among them, the Heavenly Death Star is at the level of a Boundless World. As for the other three stars, they were all medium-grade worlds.

"As for you, Nangong Xun, you're quite amazing. If I'm not mistaken, you have an artifact called the Primordial Sky Pillar. This pillar is the central pillar of the future Heavenly Court that supports the vault of heaven and the crystal wall. I didn't expect it to fall into your hands."

"In this chaotic world, the true form of the future Heavenly Court is the Divine Central Continent. In addition, to perfect the true structure of the Heavenly Court, many other artifacts will appear. For example, the Primordial Dragon Gate is the door to the Heavenly Court, the Primordial Mist Tree is the treasure used by the Heavenly Court to suppress destiny, and the Primordial Sky Pillar is the crystal wall and spacetime supporting the Heavenly Court. In the future, the Demonic Ape of Chaos actually snuck into the Heavenly Court and stole the Primordial Sky Pillar while the Emperor Heaven was in seclusion. He refined it into his own weapon and fought the Heavenly Court. In the end, he was suppressed, but it was a spectacular battle. I didn't expect the Primordial Sky Pillar to fall into your hands." Xu Ziyu seemed to have seen through Nangong Xun's background at a glance.

"Not bad, not bad."

An ancient pillar also appeared behind Nangong Xun. The color of this pillar seemed to surpass the primal chaos, and it exuded an aura of perfection. The primal chaos was one, the past and the future were indistinguishable, and heaven and earth were indistinguishable. "The power of this Primal Chaos Heavenly Pillar is in fact not below that of the Primordial Dragon Gate, the Primordial Chaos Tree, and the Heaven Offering Talisman. In terms of offensive power, it is above those three treasures. The primal chaos power within is enough to dominate the world and destroy all things.

Otherwise, if the Demonic Ape of Chaos obtained this pillar in the future and refined it into a weapon, he would be able to utterly defeat countless experts. If you don't believe me, Xu Ziyu, we can give it a try. " "Oh? You want to compete with me? You have guts. Not bad, not bad. "

Xu Ziyu said, "However, what we need to do is not infighting. What we need to deal with now is the Imperial Court. Duan Xiaoxian, what do you say?

If my guess is correct, although your body contains a four-star main body, your true trump card is not this. There should be some kind of secret treasure of the Heavenly Court in your body, am I right? "

"Xu Ziyu, you are indeed the strongest among us." Duan Xiaoxian smiled. "However, I have the Immortal Emperor's Jade.

In the future, the Heavenly Court will be high and mighty. The Immortal Realm, the Divine Realm, the Demon Realm, the Monster Realm, the Human Realm, and the Underworld will all occupy their respective positions.

The most powerful among them are the Immortal Realm and the Divine Realm. Immortals are immortals, and gods are gods. The Immortal Emperor's Jade is the key to controlling the Immortal Realm. In other words, I can use this jade to obtain the entire Immortal Realm.

Although the Immortal Realm is not the Heavenly Realm, if I can refine it all, it will be equivalent to at least a thousand Greater Thousand Realms. "

The Immortal Realm had existed since ancient times. However, this world was a flat space filled with Immortal Qi, and no living beings could live in it.

Cultivators began by absorbing Spiritual Qi, but once they reached the Twentieth Transformation of the Dao Realm, their Spiritual Qi wouldn't be enough to sustain them, so they would have to absorb the Immortal Qi of the Immortal Realm.

From a certain point of view, the Spirit Realm and the Immortal Realm were enormous energy reserves. Like the sun and moon, they provided light, wisdom, and nourishment to all living beings.

"It seems like the structure of the world is about to take shape. Although the Emperor Of Heaven hasn't appeared yet, he's already making arrangements in secret. The Yao Realm, Demon Realm, Divine Realm, Human Realm, and Immortal Realm are all about to take shape."

Xu Ziyu said, "If my guess is correct, once the Immortal Realm is formed, only those who enter it will be able to absorb Immortal Qi to continue cultivating. Others won't be able to absorb even the slightest bit of Immortal Qi. In other words, the entire Yongchō Court will be cut off from the path of cultivation, unless Gu Chensha can use his great divine ability to create a brand new Immortal Realm." "That's right. Not just the Immortal Realm, but the Spirit Realm as well."

Duan Xiaoxian said, "Once the Human Realm takes shape, the enormous amount of Spiritual Qi in the Spirit Realm will all be transferred to the Human Realm. Similarly, if ordinary people want to cultivate, they will have to absorb Spiritual Qi. Otherwise, they won't have the slightest chance of cultivating. That way, the people of the Yongchō won't be able to absorb Spiritual Qi. What do you think will happen? Will they all rebel and enter the Human Realm? " "Once the Spiritual Qi is gone, the world will immediately fall into chaos."

Nangong Xun's eyes suddenly turned sharp. "Right now, the Emperor Of Heaven should have given the Demon Realm Seed to the God Ape of Chaos, allowing him to absorb the many continents in the Heaven Realm and gather the Yao Clan to offer sacrifices. Then, the Yao Realm will expand and take shape.

"Apart from that, God Maha has the Demon Realm Seed, The Great Spirit God has the God Realm Seed, and I have the Immortal Realm Jade, which is also a part of the Immortal Realm Seed.

"However, in the Yao Realm, the God Realm, the Demon Realm, and the Immortal Realm, these four great realms are all auxiliary. The real core of the future, the main character of the world, is still the Human Realm.

"The Human Realm is the foundation of the myriad realms, the foundation of heaven and earth. Man is the spirit of all things born from the Heavenly Dao.

"Therefore, it is unknown who the Human Realm has fallen into.

"Originally, if nothing went wrong, Wen Hong would have been the Lord of the Human Realm. However, he abandoned his own fate, causing himself to fall.

"Thus, the Mandate of Heaven will be transferred to another person. Who is this person?

Brother Xu Ziyu, you are the most powerful among us. Even if I obtain the Primordial Chaos Sky Pillar, I'm afraid it will be impossible for me to defeat you. After all, I haven't truly comprehended the final secret of the Primordial Chaos Sky Pillar. Can you divine who the Lord of the Human Realm is? " "I really can't divine this. However, the Lord of the Human Realm will appear soon.

This time, the Imperial Court is holding the Great Ceremony with the intention of setting off a trend and calming the hearts of the people. "

Xu Ziyu said, "If the Imperial Court succeeds, the Emperor Of Heaven's authority will be further weakened. We can suddenly make a move during the Great Ceremony and throw the situation into chaos. At that time, the Lord of the Human Realm will definitely appear. " "Alright, we have an agreement now. At that time, we will turn the world upside down!"

Immediately, Nangong Xun, Duan Xiaoxian, and the others all swore oaths and made an agreement. Then, they all left.

One of Xu Ziyu's lackeys watched as they left. He couldn't help but ask, "Patriarch, is our Xu Family really going to rely on the Emperor Of Heaven? I'm afraid it won't be a good idea.

After all, there doesn't seem to be a position for a Patriarch in the future Heavenly Court. Moreover, after the Heavenly Court is established, the stars will definitely return to their positions. At that time, the stars that Patriarch plundered will most likely be taken away by the Emperor Of Heaven. If that happens, we will be drawing water with a wicker basket. The enormous family we built will also vanish like smoke in thin air. Whether it is the Human Realm, the Immortal Realm, or any other world, the Heavenly Court will not be able to accommodate us. Why should we rely on the Heavenly Court and oppose the Imperial Court? "