Chapter 251
===========

Puchi! A golden centipede died in Gu Chensha's hands.

This centipede was dozens of feet long and its body shone brightly. Its claws were sharp and it had wings on its back. It was really quick. Its cultivation was also at Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body. But in Gu Chensha's hands, he killed it right away without even needing a single move. After it was killed, its corpse fell to the ground.

Originally, this centipede corpse was a good thing and could be used to refine many medicines. But Gu Chensha knew that it was fake and couldn't be taken out.

He tried to send the corpse into the Sun Moon Altar but the moment it entered, it disappeared and turned into nothing.

This further proved that this world was fake and only existed in one's consciousness. Only the soul was real.

But if he didn't toss it into the Sun Moon Altar, the corpse would still exist. He could even peel it off and refine it into armor, weapons, and clothes. All of this was just so magical. It was fake and real like a game.

Luckily, Gu Chensha had the Sun Moon Altar to see the connection between reality and illusion, otherwise, he wouldn't have been able to deduce everything in front of him.

He continued to travel through the forest and his killing speed became faster and faster. Who knew how many ancient monster souls were gathered here?

After a day and night, there were hundreds of strong monster souls in his Sun Moon Altar. They were all around Dao Realm Seven to Twelve Transformations. As for the other weak ones, Gu Chensha was too lazy to bother about them.

These monster souls turned into balls and were locked up in the Sun Moon Altar. They gave off strong monster energy and struggled to try to escape.

Unfortunately, the space of the Sun Moon Altar had an extremely strong restrictive force. Once these demon souls entered, they were basically destined to be sacrificed. In the real world, Gu Chensha hadn't collected so many strong monster souls.

"It should be about time. If I don't think of a way to sacrifice it and something happens to my body outside, then I really won't be able to head out."

Gu Chensha studied it for a long time and realized that this world was huge. Who knew how many monster souls there were? He couldn't stay here for long.

"Soul Summoning Ritual!"

In that moment, Gu Chensha made up his mind as to what type of sacrifice he was going to perform. What he was going to perform was the Grand Soul-Summoning Sacrifice. If the soul encountered some sort of danger and was taken away by someone, or if the soul was temporarily dispersed, then as long as it didn't exceed a certain time limit, the sacrifice would allow the soul to return to the fleshly body.

Gu Chensha's soul had been taken away by the Skydemon Book, so it was perfect for him to perform the Grand Soul-Summoning Sacrifice.

"Boundless Heaven and Earth, Sun and Moon Summon Souls, Sacrifice to the Firmament, Resurrect the Dead!" Gu Chensha activated the ritual. In an instant, boundless light radiated from his body. A white hole appeared on top of his head as a part of it caved in. Gu Chensha's soul was directly sucked away.

In an instant, an unknown amount of turbulence occurred in the entire virtual world, and countless powerful consciousnesses gathered there in an instant.

"A soul actually broke through the restraints of the Skydemon Book. What's going on?"

"This has never happened before. Our souls have been trapped in the book, and there is no way we can escape." "Kill, kill, kill! I hate it, I've been trapped for 5,000 years! "

"Don't worry, this weak soul will come back sooner or later. When the time comes, we'll devour this person and find the secret to his exit." "Eat, we must eat." The strength of these consciousnesses was simply unbelievable. Buzz …

Gu Chensha opened his eyes and realized that his soul had indeed returned to his body. At the same time, he broke out in cold sweat. When he activated the Grand Soul-Summoning Ritual, he felt those powerful consciousnesses. They were simply boundlessly ferocious. Fortunately, he didn't encounter them, otherwise, he would have been devoured and consigned to eternal damnation.

"Oh no, Baiyue and the rest didn't come out." He was still in his castle, facing the Skydemon Book.

As for Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, and the Black Tortoise baby, they didn't wake up. Their bodies had no aura, as though they were dead. Clearly, their souls had been absorbed into the Skydemon Book.

At this moment, the Skydemon Book emitted many rays of light, and there seemed to be multiple realms inside.

"I have to think of a way to wake them up."

Gu Chensha was thinking of a way, but suddenly, he felt a sense of danger. He raised his head and looked up. In the sky above the castle, there seemed to be a shadow that silently appeared like a dark cloud.

Originally, the weather in the wilderness was really weird. Just now, the sky was clear, but who knew where the dark clouds came from? Rain or hail started to fall. But Gu Chensha sensed intense killing energy and demonic energy from the dark cloud. He cultivated all the techniques in the Skydemon Book and was really sensitive to demonic energy.

"There is a monster!"

He waved his hand and instantly the entire castle surged. Nine treasures appeared and gave off a bright light, locking down this place.

His castle had been refined by the Black Tortoise baby many times and its defensive abilities were really strong. It was no weaker than a cultivator's cave and even people above Dao Realm Transformation Nine wouldn't be able to charge in.

But just as Gu Chensha activated the defensive formation, the dark cloud in the sky turned into a black streak of light and descended, smashing into the Black Tortoise Ocean Castle's formation. Honglong! The formation was totally broken.

The black energy reached the center of Gu Chensha's castle. A giant hand appeared from within and grabbed towards the Skydemon Book, Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, and even the Black Tortoise baby and Gu Chensha. He actually wanted to wipe them all out.

"Bold!"

Gu Chensha hollered. He activated the Common People Heaven Mending Technique and the Dragon Gate. Instantly, he protected everyone and then punched forwards.

His fist was in between real and fake. It had the unfathomable Netherworld Intent, but it also had the aura of a saint who cried for the common people and lamented the difficulties of the people. There was also the aura of an overlord who ruled over life and death. There was also the aura of a child learning to walk, the gentleness of a woman, the honesty of a farmer … This was the aura of the common people. The common people were ever-changing.

The common people had endless possibilities. They could become immortals, they could become gods, and they could even become saints. They could also be ordinary and unknown existences. The heart of the common people was something that even the Heavens couldn't predict. The sky wasn't high, but the human heart was the highest.

After Gu Chensha entered the primitive world of the Demon Soul, his state of mind improved once again. He comprehended the principle of following one's heart and that the world was just a dream. He could vaguely see the truth of the mind and the world. Under the activation of his fist technique at such a realm, the Common People Heaven Mending Technique reached an unprecedented realm. The moment he punched out, he really had the courage to make up for the flaws in the Heavens. This fist also had sacrifice. Peng! The intent of the fist was really invincible. With just one strike, the black mist dissipated. One of them scoffed and didn't expect that Gu Chensha's fist would actually be so strong.

In truth, Gu Chensha used all his strength to activate the Dragon Gate's fist. Even the Golden Core Dao would have to avoid it. The black mist dissipated and a person appeared.

It was actually a girl. She wore a red dress and her face was exquisite like a painting. She was as cold as ice and there was a red cinnabar mark on her forehead. Her hair was tied up with a simple grass ring and her dress fluttered in the wind. She looked like an ice maiden from the nine heavens who had descended to the mortal world. However, she was actually using a demonic technique.

"I didn't expect you to be able to wake up so quickly from the Monster Soul Chaotic World in the Book of Sky Demon?"

The girl's eyes were slightly shocked. Then, she calmed down and said emotionlessly, "It seems like your companions still haven't woken up." "Who are you? Aren't you afraid of being exterminated for barging into the King Manor? "

Gu Chensha had already sensed that this girl's cultivation was probably above the Golden Core Dao. She took his punch like nothing happened and didn't even take a step back. Even Jing Fanxing and Gu Huo wouldn't be able to do that.

"If Gu Taxian was still here, then I wouldn't dare.

However, he actually let Wu Dangkong come to the court. That is a true compromise. He no longer has the courage to destroy everything that day. I'm sure that he has been banished by the Heavenly Dao and can no longer appear in the world. "This girl seemed to have everything in her grasp." There's no harm in telling you. My name is Que Ying 'er. "

"You're the new concubine of Demonic Sage Li Wanlong in the Nest of 10,000 Dragons?" Gu Chensha recalled that Li Tiansheng was oppressed by this girl to the point that he couldn't breathe.

"You know me? It seems like those two snakes told you a lot about the Nest of 10,000 Dragons. "

Que Ying 'er's gaze swept around. "You guys are really bold. The ignorant are fearless. You actually dared to use force to break the Book of Sky Demon's restrictive technique. Do you really think that you're invincible? It seems like you guys didn't inherit Gu Taxian's abilities but their arrogance. " "Is that so?

Are you here to take the opportunity to take away the Book of Sky Demon? "Gu Chensha was ready for battle.

"Not only will I take away the Book of Sky Demon, none of you will be able to escape."

Que Ying 'er seemed to be fearless. "This Black Tortoise is still underage. I can refine it into my avatar. As for you, Lou Baiyue, and this Gu Huasha, I will also refine all of you into Demonic Corpse Puppets."

This girl's vicious words didn't match her looks at all. She was completely inhumane. She was indeed an abnormal demon.

"What a monster." Gu Chensha laughed. "I'd like to see what you're capable of." "You're not my match. You're too weak." Que Ying 'er's eyes became emotionless. "This castle of yours isn't bad. I'll take it with me. I'll let you see my Mountain Shifting Divine Art. "

As she spoke, Gu Chensha realized that the black aura on Que Ying 'er's body had spread throughout the entire castle.

This castle had been refined by the Black Tortoise baby for a long time. It had already turned into the color of amethyst. The divine beast cave abode also contained a lot of wealth.

This time, Que Ying 'er seemed to want to execute her supreme divine art. She wanted to permeate her Innate Qi into the depths of this castle and uproot it before taking it away. She was simply out of control. She was even more condescending than Fa Wuxian from the last time.

It was no wonder that she was conversing with Gu Chensha here. She had already executed her divine art and sealed the entire castle.

At this moment, the castle had already become her main battlefield. Unless the Black Tortoise baby woke up, Gu Chensha wouldn't be able to stop this girl. This girl spoke just now in order to find time to control the entire castle.