Chapter 285
===========

The layout of the Ancient Slashing Sword Fiefdom was no small matter. It contained an extremely fast style, and it was unknown which expert had designed it. The income of this fiefdom rose steadily under such a fast rhythm, and anyone who entered would be spurred on to do construction and labor in full swing.

Furthermore, there was no trace of evil Qi in the fiefdom. Everything was upright and upright, like a blazing fire.

Originally, Bao Ming 'er had thought that Gu Tanjian still had demonic Qi. But now, it seemed that he had turned from evil to righteousness, and had stepped into a whole new realm.

Gu Tanjian originally cultivated the Heng Clan's techniques, and the Heng Clan possessed the Eternal Heavenly Book. However, the third volume had been lost, and they could only use demonic techniques to make up for it. At first, they would be filled with evil Qi, but once they turned evil into righteousness, they would become supreme divine abilities.

"It seems that the Heng Clan is definitely on Gu Tanjian's side.

Now that they've joined forces with Wu Dangkong's Wu Clan, the pressure on the Celestial Pacification Department is enormous. "

Bao Ming 'er was someone who governed many fiefdoms in the Great Wei Dynasty, and had hundreds of millions of people. Her experience in governing a country was no less than that of some of the emperors in history. She was very clear about the structure of the Great Yongchō court. "But the Celestial Pacification Department has enormous potential. If the Lord of Seven Stars converts, their power will increase severalfold." She observed from within Gu Tanjian's fiefdom. In a moment she had attracted the attention of others.

A voice rang out. "So it's Lord Treasure Dragon. You came to my fiefdom without notifying me. You told me to properly receive you." A figure appeared in front of her. It was Gu Tanjian.

"I've come here today to find the heir."

When Bao Ming 'er saw Gu Tanjian, she felt that he was as handsome as a tree in the wind. His original sinister aura was completely gone, replaced by a fiery, vigorous, and unstoppable aura.

However, Bao Ming 'er knew that Gu Tanjian had reached the pinnacle of his cultivation, and his aura had changed. In truth, his sinister aura hadn't changed at all.

"Could it be that Lord Treasure Dragon has thought things through and decided to cooperate with me?" Gu Tanjian laughed. From the way he addressed her, he already knew who Bao Ming 'er was.

On the surface, Bao Ming 'er was a true disciple of the Myriad Treasures Mystic Gate, but in reality, he was the Three-Star Dragon Lord of the Great Wei Dynasty.

Although she was not as good as Gu Huo, who was a Six-Star Dragon Lord, her status was still extremely high. She commanded hundreds of millions of subjects and was almost like the commander of a country.

The Great Wei Dynasty was a feudal system, and the Dragon Lord was equivalent to a lord. He had the power to kill and seize in his own territory, and even the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor could not interfere. This was a fundamental difference from a unified dynasty like the Great Yongchō.

"You've formed a Great Path Jindan?"

Bao Ming 'er also knew that Gu Tanjian was well-informed. She was cooperating with Gu Chensha, doing business on a large scale, and earning a lot of money. Gu Tanjian also saw it. With a little investigation, he would know who was behind her.

She was not afraid, because there was no need. She had a huge territory in the Great Wei Dynasty, and she also needed to cultivate talents, recruit soldiers, and accumulate strength. She needed to increase her strength through trade with the Great Yongchō.

In these two years, working with Gu Chensha, she had gained great benefits. The strength of her territory had increased by at least 30%, and she had already far surpassed other lords of the same level in the Great Wei Dynasty. She had also gradually gained an advantage among the nobles. In a few decades, or even a hundred years, this advantage would become even greater. For cultivators, time was actually quite abundant.

For example, with Bao Ming 'er's current cultivation, she could live for four to five hundred years. A hundred years to her was just twenty years for a normal person. She was still in her prime, and she could naturally plan for the long term.

Bao Ming 'er had her own plans, but she carefully sensed that Gu Tanjian was actually emanating the aura of a Great Path Jindan. His cultivation was far above hers, and she was immediately shocked.

"This bit of cultivation is nothing. Today, Lord Treasure Dragon has come to my place, and you definitely do not come without a reason. This is not the place to talk. Why don't we go to my residence to discuss in detail?" Gu Tanjian laughed, not caring about his own cultivation.

"Okay."

Bao Ming 'er was here to test the waters, so she didn't have anything to worry about. She followed Gu Tanjian to the hall deep within the residence.

"Servants, serve tea."

After the two of them sat down, Gu Tanjian instructed. Instantly, a servant came up. This servant was really young and looked like a kid. He had delicate features, and his body gave off a lively aura. He was actually a genius, and his cultivation was really strong. It seemed like he had reached the Hundred Orifice Spirit Gathering Realm and was about to reach the Six Transformation of Xiantian Energy.

One had to know that someone at the Five Transformation of Dao Realm was an important person. Even in the Calming Celestial Bureau, he was a pillar. He definitely wouldn't be a kid and do odd jobs like pouring tea.

"It seems like Gu Tanjian's strength far exceeds my expectations." Bao Ming 'er thought to herself.

When the tea boiled, just the fragrance alone made one feel like they were about to break through space and ascend to become a celestial.

"This is Mysterious Heaven and Earth Sect's Flying Celestial Tea. It is really rare."

Bao Ming 'er was really knowledgeable and recognized it right away. "I heard that Heaven Talisman Emperor rewarded his subjects with this tea. It isn't something that normal people can get. " "It is good that I am here to welcome Treasure Dragon Lord."

Gu Tanjian's expression became much more solemn. "Have you thought through what I said to Treasure Dragon Lord?" "Of course, I came today for this matter.

I hope that I can get the Prince's Dragon Creation Pill. "Bao Ming 'er was really direct and didn't beat around the bush with Gu Tanjian.

"Oh?"

Gu Chensha looked at Bao Ming 'er like he was looking at a mouse under the paws of an old cat. He was really delighted. "The Dragon Creation Pill is an ancient pill that can only be formed within the Prehistoric Dragon Sect. Now that I have taken one out, Mysterious Heaven and Earth Sect has to listen to me. Who doesn't want a top genius to appear in their sect?

But, if Treasure Dragon Lord is willing to submit to me, I won't be stingy with just one Dragon Creation Pill. " "What kind of submission?" Bao Ming 'er asked.

"I am not married yet. If Treasure Dragon Lord is willing to marry me as a concubine, I will immediately give you a Dragon Creation Pill. How about that?"

When Gu Tanjian said this, he played it down as if he was talking about something as simple as eating and drinking.

Bao Ming 'er wasn't angry at all. Instead, he laughed. "Prince, you are really amazing. You actually want to have both the woman and the pill?

That way, not only will I become your woman, but I will also be able to take back the Dragon Creation Pill. " "I will only trust my own people."

"The Dragon Creation Pill is extremely precious, and the Treasure Dragon Lord knows this very well. Forgive me for being blunt, but if the Treasure Dragon Lord does not ascend to become an unparalleled genius, then he will never be able to cultivate to the Golden Core of the Great Dao. In other words, his current lifespan of four to five hundred years has come to an end.

If you become an unparalleled genius, then everything will be smooth sailing before you reach the 18 changes of the Dao Realm. You can easily cultivate to the Golden Core Realm and even cultivate an undying body in the future. Compared to that, what is a concubine? " "Prince, you are really confident."

Bao Ming 'er said, "But as a member of the Great Wei Dynasty, I am also an enemy of the Crown Prince. If I really become the Crown Prince's concubine, I am afraid the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor will not let my family and everyone in my fief go." "Black Yellow Dragon Emperor."

Gu Shengjian snorted coldly. "Although this person has cultivated to become a Saint and is extremely powerful, he is not a true threat to the forces behind me. At most, he is just a hindrance. In the future, the Great Might Dynasty will also be devoured by me." "Prince, you are so arrogant. I wonder what kind of person is behind you?

From what I know, even the three Heavenly Venerables cannot destroy the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor. "Bao Ming 'er beat around the bush.

"I will know about this in the future. I will not reveal it to you for now."

Gu Tanjian waved his hand. "Treasure Dragon Lord, these are my conditions. It is up to you whether you agree or not." "I will have to consider this. Moreover, you have never mentioned such conditions before."

Bao Ming 'er did not reject immediately. Instead, she seemed to be tempted. "However, I do have some information that is worth a few Dragon Making Pills." "What information?" Gu Tanjian's eyes sharpened. "Is it worth a Dragon Making Pill?" "What about the reincarnated Xing Chen?" Bao Ming 'er seemed to have the upper hand.

"The reincarnated Xing Chen is indeed worth a Dragon Making Pill. Why? Do you have such a person? "

Gu Shengjian then waved his hand. "No, if you capture this person, take advantage of the fact that he hasn't completely fused the profound meaning of stars with his soul, and directly seize and refine it. The profound meaning of stars will surpass the Dragon Creation Pill. Don't tell me you only have news about the reincarnated Xing Chen? If it is just information, then it is not worth a Dragon Making Pill. " "Of course it is not worth just information.

When the Martial Song Star reincarnated, many powerful beings knew about it. In the end, it was still taken by Chang Weiyang from the Mysterious Universe Sect. "Bao Ming 'er tried to test Gu Tanjian." But what about the Lord of Many Stars? For example, the Lord of Two Stars, the Lord of Three Stars, or even the Lord of Five Stars? " "What?

You have information about the Lord of Many Stars? "Gu Tanjian was truly moved this time." How many Lord of Many Stars?

No, if it is the Lord of Many Stars, then there are definitely not many. Even the Lord of Two Stars is not someone that the reincarnated Martial Song Star can compare to.

This kind of person has many Star Ultimacy. Even if they do not merge, they have unimaginable wisdom. How did you obtain them? " "The world is filled with all kinds of coincidences."

Bao Ming 'er said. "For example, the reincarnated Xing Chen. Even a lowly servant was able to obtain the Star Ultimacy and become the reincarnated Xing Chen. Some of the old antiques that operate the Heavenly Secrets and create things out of nothing were unable to see through the secrets. There are still many things that the Crown Prince does not know." "That does make some sense."

Gu Tanjian's aura suddenly became sinister. "Then, Lord Bao Long, tell me about the whereabouts of the Lord of Many Stars. How many Stars is it?"