Chapter 444
===========

Dao Realm 30 Transformations was called Grotto-Heaven Creation and World Creation. It was basically creating a stable world in the chaotic flow of space. Note that it was a world and not space.

Space had no life force and didn't have the ability to turn back time. It lacked the energy of creation.

Only an independent space-time that could give birth to all things and give them spirituality was a 'world'. Only those who could open up a world could be called a true god. However, a god had to obtain a god position in order to extend their lifespan by 10 times.

This was similar to how a scholar worked hard to gain knowledge but had to pass the Imperial Court's examinations to obtain titles like Elementary Scholar, High Scholar, and High Scholar. From there, one could obtain a high social status.

Emperor becoming a god, in theory, it was the Imperial Court using the Emperor's Energy to help god realm experts obtain a god position. The Emperor's Energy was a power of order, the wish of all living beings.

This power was really strong and since ancient times, there were very few cultivators who could comprehend it. Gu Chensha had grasped some rules and his Common People Heaven Mending Technique was close to it.

Thousands of years ago, the Martial Emperor had been at the level of the thirty-six transformations, the Embodiment Transformation. This level far surpassed the God level, and stood at the peak of the Saint level. Unknowingly, he had been on the verge of a breakthrough. However, at that time, he had encountered a calamity. Now that he had made a comeback, he was stuck at the threshold of the God level. Clearly, he needed some kind of help to regain his cultivation base.

"Gu Chensha, compared to last time, your combat strength, cultivation, body strength, and even talent have increased by dozens of times! You actually have the talent to be a Saint!

However, your realm didn't increase and you are stuck at the 19 Transformations. Are you really ambitious and want to cultivate the unprecedented Heaven Path Technique?

Legend has it that once one cultivates it, one can permanently change the structure of certain materials and it has all sorts of unbelievable uses.

I don't believe that you can cultivate it. "Emperor Wu took a few looks at Gu Chensha and saw many things.

Gu Chensha was also clear that the quality of the Heaven Path Technique was different from the Dust Technique, Boulder Technique, Diamond Technique, and True Dragon Technique.

Once one had cultivated magical power, they would be able to "turn stone into gold" and change the structure of matter.

For example, if a Dao Realm Transformation 20 person held a stone and injected power into it, the stone would turn into gold. But as time went on, the power would slowly dissipate and the stone would turn back into gold.

The only difference between the Minute Dust Technique, Monolith Technique, Vajra Technique, and True Dragon Technique was the length of time.

For example, injecting the Minute Dust Art into a stone could only maintain the stone's golden color for an hour, the Solid Rock Art could maintain it for six to eight hours, the Vajra Art could maintain it for one to two days, and the True Dragon Art could maintain it for one to two months, or even longer. But the Heavenly Dao was different. It was a permanent change.

In other words, after Gu Chensha cultivated the Heavenly Dao Art, he would be able to turn stone into gold, and the stone would turn into real gold, never to regress.

It was precisely because of this that since ancient times, even the three great Empyreans and many other great existences that had disappeared in the long river of time had never been able to cultivate the Heavenly Dao Law. Only the Heavenly Dao had the ability to change objects and never regress.

Emperor Wu already understood why Gu Chensha was stuck at this point. He couldn't help but be shocked by Gu Chensha's ambition.

"Emperor Wu, you sensed my bloodline appearing today. Are you here to deal with me and make me your subject again?" Gu Chensha didn't answer Emperor Wu's question about the Heavenly Dao Law's quality. Instead, he asked a question.

"You have a secret technique to hide your aura and bloodline. Now that you have released it, I can sense it. What is your motive for luring me here? Why don't you tell me?"

Emperor Wu stood with his hands behind his back. He wasn't prepared to attack. "I have been traveling the world and the Celestial Path Mysterious Sect. I even went to the Demon Region and saw the situation in the wilderness. I already know a lot of news and the situation in the world is like the back of my hand.

Your Calming Xian Department has been quite amazing recently. Even the Thousand Transformation Stone Ape, Yin Yang Ghost Ape, and Diamond Fighting Ape were ambushed. The Ape Race Chief and the 10 Battle Kings were all killed and absorbed by your Heavenly Demon Tree. The Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Painting that I wanted has also fallen into your hands. It seems like even I can't do anything to you. " "What are you talking about?"

Gu Chensha smiled. "If Emperor Wu recovers all his strength, our Calming Xian Department won't be your match. Speaking of which, I sensed you this time and there really is a chance for us to work together." "Speak." Emperor Wu regained his dignity.

"Dou Sheng has a son called Dou Nineteen. He is in the governor's manor. His strength is only at the Dao Realm 25 Transformation Undying Body. His strength is between Diamond Technique and True Dragon Technique. I think Emperor Wu can easily deal with him." Gu Chensha said.

"What are the benefits? Are the three Celestial Venerables so easy to offend? "

Emperor Wu laughed coldly. "If their son was so easy to kill, many people would have killed him and taken his secrets."

"Of course not in the past, but now is a special time." Gu Chensha told him about the three Heaven Venerables capturing the Hongmeng Tree.

"Capturing the Hongmeng Tree?"

Emperor Wu smiled. "You make it sound so amazing. The Hongmeng Tree is much stronger than the Prehistoric Dragon Sect and the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman added together. It gave birth to many worlds and numerous Xiantian treasures. The three Heaven Venerables can't even control the Prehistoric Dragon Sect and the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, so they want to capture the Hongmeng Tree. Of course, there is a chance that they are just plucking some things from the Hongmeng Tree.

Some of the things formed on the Hongmeng Tree are no weaker than the three Heaven Venerables. If the three of them can get it, they will become the four Heaven Venerables. That is just terrifying. Each time they locate the Hongmeng Tree and obtain treasures from it, it will be really dangerous.

Of course, the three Heaven Venerables have to use all their strength. But if they succeed, their strength will increase and that will be dangerous.

If my guess is correct, the three Heaven Venerables don't have an endless lifespan. They have existed since the Primordial Era and should have fallen long ago. This time, they might be looking for something to extend their lifespans. " "In short, now is the best time to kill Dou Nineteen."

Gu Chensha said, "He has the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra, the Dragon Creation Sutra, and many treasures on him. After capturing him, we can refine his memories.

Although he has many clones outside, the Celestial Calmness Department has the Sky Shaman Curse of the Ancient Xing Qiong Clan. We can use his clones to curse the main body. " "Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra, Dragon Creation Sutra!"

Emperor Wu's eyes flashed. "I have the complete version of the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra. Back when I entered the Prehistoric Dragon Sect, I reached the first level and learned the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra. I didn't enter the second level and obtain the Dragon Creation Sutra. If I had grasped the Dragon Creation Sutra, the world wouldn't be like this. My subordinates wouldn't have fallen and died for my country. "

Back then, Emperor Wu had many experts under him, and they were all loyal and devoted. However, they couldn't stop the Devil Calamity. The barbarians invaded, the monsters ran amok, and the Immortal Dao secretly killed them. The great empire was destroyed in a day.

"In any case, if we kill Dou Nineteen, the Celestial Calmness Department will rid the world of evil and obtain the complete version of the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and the Dragon Creation Sutra. It's the same for you, Emperor Wu. You can take revenge on the three Heavenly Venerables.

Martial Emperor, with your strength back then, only Heavenly Venerables would be able to harm you, right? "Gu Chensha tempted him again.

"Junior, you've calculated it well."

Emperor Wu sneered. "I want to unify the world and take back the empire I lost. Your Celestial Calmness Department will always be my enemy. I can capture this brat by myself. Why should I share the profits with you? " "That's fine. Go ahead, Emperor Wu."

Gu Chensha didn't care. "My original intention was for you and Dou Nineteen to injure each other while I took advantage of the situation. It would be best if I could suppress you as well. That would be perfect."

"Junior, you're quite honest." Emperor Wu was a little surprised. "Do you really think I can't see through your intentions?" "So what if I can?"

Gu Chensha didn't care. "This is an open scheme. I know that your cultivation is built on the foundation of the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. You've entered the Primordial Dragon Gate and comprehended the profound mysteries of this supreme treasure. Unfortunately, it's not complete. If you want to recover your strength and improve further, you must obtain the Dragon Creation Sutra. To you, the Dragon Creation Sutra is like a bowl of water to a thirsty person and a bowl of rice to a hungry person."

"You're right. In front of me, all schemes and tricks are useless. Only open schemes can force me to fall for them."

Emperor Wu's tone was full of praise. "When I unified the world, I dealt with all kinds of enemies. What schemes have I not seen?

However, I see that you vaguely have the demeanor of an emperor. You can be considered to be a good ruler.

Your father actually made that Gu Xuansha the crown prince instead of you. I really don't understand and feel sorry for him. "

"If you could understand it, you wouldn't have been forced into such a state by the three Celestial Masters." Gu Chensha didn't give in to Emperor Wu's words.

"Junior, you're brave enough. I'll subdue you sooner or later and make you my subject. You'll conquer the world for me. This beautiful country and the Divine Continent will always belong to me. "

Emperor Wu's eyes were like an eagle soaring into the sky. "Let's go. Let's kill Dou Nineteen together. It's impossible for you to stay out of this and watch the tigers fight. Dou Nineteen has many tricks up his sleeves. I'm afraid even a god can't stand the counterattack of the Celestial Master's son. I'll have to use you to block it." "As you wish." Gu Chensha chuckled. "Emperor Wu, Dou Nineteen is a prey. Let's get this prey first." "You're right."

Emperor Wu waved his sleeve and a force enveloped the entire Governor's Mansion to prevent Dou Nineteen from escaping. Then, he entered the mansion. Gu Chensha entered with him. The moment they entered, they sensed Dou Nineteen.