Chapter 883
===========

Gu Chensha was indeed one of the strongest existences in the myriad worlds, past and future.

Even Emperor Heaven wasn't much better. They were evenly matched, and it was still extremely difficult to kill him, the 'great calamity'. In fact, it was still unknown who would emerge victorious.

His strength had already touched upon the realm of ancient Immortal Treading. He had inherited the knowledge of the Immortal Dao civilization and the prehistoric mechanical technology civilization. He had comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra. Although this Heart Sutra hadn't reached major success yet, it was already close to perfection.

As long as he reached perfection, people could become Divergents through the cultivation of the Dragonless Cultivation Art.

As long as Gu Chensha continued to comprehend it, the Dragonless Cultivation Art would reach perfection sooner or later. Once the Dragonless Cultivation Art reached perfection, his cultivation would truly be unshakable. However, it wasn't easy for the Dragonless Cultivation Art to reach perfection.

The Dragonless Cultivation Art was the greatest secret of the two civilizations, the strongest cultivation art that could turn all living beings into Divergents. Its profoundness could no longer be described with words.

At this moment, he understood Gu Taxian's realm, as well as the Heavenly Dao's realm. Sooner or later, he would fuse with these two existences. However, there was one thing he still couldn't understand. Where did Gu Taxian come from?

In Gu Taxian's calculations, there was no such thing in the past, future, or present. There was no such existence in the Heavenly Dao. Of course, Gu Chensha himself didn't have one either. However, the source of his existence was actually Gu Taxian.

"The Heavenly Dao contains countless space-time, past, present, and future."

Gu Chensha said, "It truly encompasses everything. The birth of Father Emperor was a product outside of the Heavenly Dao. In that case, could there be an existence outside of the Heavenly Dao?"

The Heavenly Dao controlled all things. Everything that existed or didn't exist, what happened in the past, what was happening in the present, and what would happen in the future, everything was under the control of the Heavenly Dao.

And although the human heart was something the Heavenly Dao couldn't control, humans had never been able to develop and grow. Therefore, the human heart wasn't able to refine a large amount of substance that surpassed the Heavenly Dao. Gu Chensha's understanding of the human heart had reached an extremely profound realm with the development of the Dragonless Cultivation Art.

Hence, he was certain that the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian wasn't born from the human heart. Did that mean that there were other existences besides the Heavenly Dao? What was it? Gu Chensha couldn't understand.

However, he did not force it. Once his cultivation was deep enough, he would naturally be able to understand everything.

"Now, I will help you suppress and refine the Empress of Heaven's Source."

Gu Chensha had Lou Baiyue sit down. "The Empress of Heaven's Source is always a hidden danger, but you can use Regal Propria's token to refine it. This token was originally given to you to restrain the Empress of Heaven's Source. In this way, this Source can be completely refined and subdued, allowing your cultivation to truly reach a peak, becoming the true trump card of our Imperial Court." "The Empress of Heaven's Source wants to control me? That's simply wishful thinking."

Lou Baiyue revolved her cultivation base, starting to suppress the Empress of Heaven's Source within her. After that, she took out Regal Propria's token. This token floated above her head, emitting a golden glow, causing the Empress of Heaven's Source to shrink back, preventing it from being suppressed and refined by the might of the token.

"Not bad, I've already seen through some of the profundities of this token. I can already use the Dragonless Heart Sutra to envelop this token, inheriting my Imperial Father's will and assisting you to truly refine the Empress of Heaven's Source. In fact, it can even confuse the Emperor Of Heaven!"

Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra was activated as a majestic text appeared above his head. This text contained the supreme truths of the Heavens and Earth, the source of the Great Dao, and even some sort of ability that surpassed the Heavenly Dao.

The text of the Dragonless Heart Sutra instantly enveloped the token, causing light to shine from within, fusing into the Dragonless Heart Sutra, causing each and every character of the Dragonless Heart Sutra to shine brightly. Not only that, but within the text of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, another piece of supreme text appeared.

These texts contained even more secrets than the prehistoric civilization. The prehistoric civilization had fought against the Heavenly Dao, and in the end, had been destroyed by the Heavenly Dao. Now, they had lost all the power they had in their heyday, and were struggling at death's door.

Gu Taxian, on the other hand, was capturing the Heavenly Dao and suppressing it. From beginning to end, he was never at a disadvantage, and in fact, seemed to be gradually gaining the upper hand.

This was something that could be seen from the fact that the World Yongchō was becoming more and more prosperous with each passing day.

Although the World Yongchō was flourishing because of Gu Chensha's Celestial Calmness Department, because of the game between Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Dao, the Emperor Of Heaven had to tread carefully when he appeared. This gave the Celestial Calmness Department the most crucial time to govern the world.

If not for Gu Taxian's suppression, the Heavenly Dao's current might would be immeasurable, and the Emperor Of Heaven would be ten times, a hundred times stronger. Gu Chensha also deeply understood this logic.

From this golden token, he could feel the various experiences of the Heavenly Talisman Heavenly Emperor in the game against the Heavenly Dao.

This experience was even more valuable than the knowledge of the prehistoric civilization that Gu Chensha had obtained.

As more and more experiences were passed down, the Dragonless Heart Sutra in Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra increased in number. Each and every character contained the aura of the King of Mutants, and they were even more tyrannical compared to the King of Mutants. This was the Ancestor of Mutants, the ultimate transformation of Mutants.

The words in the Dragonless Heart Sutra were as vast as the sea, and it was unknown how many characters there were. The characters could be casually combined to form all sorts of knowledge and civilizations.

Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra seemed to be able to establish a brand new, flawless, eternal, and immortal civilization. The true profundity of the Yongchō lay in his Dragonless Heart Sutra.

"Good!"

As he continued to refine the Dragonless Heart Sutra token, Gu Chensha's expression grew more and more joyful. The information transmitted from this token benefited him greatly. However, the battle between the Heavenly Talisman Heavenly Emperor and the Heavenly Dao was too profound. It would be difficult for Gu Chensha to completely refine, digest, and comprehend it.

Even so, Gu Chensha's cultivation base suddenly rose by a level, reaching the Heavenly Longevity Realm.

"I broke through so easily?" Gu Chensha hadn't expected that the token he refined would contain such profound information. Advancing was actually so easy?

Even Ru Chensha was a little surprised. Originally, when one's cultivation reached his level, it was extremely difficult to advance to the next level. It was unknown how much accumulation, accumulation, and comprehension were needed. He had even created a path that no one had ever attempted before, so he didn't have the experience of anyone before him. He had to rely on himself to operate, condense, and comprehend everything he had created.

"Heavenly Longevity Realm …" Gu Chensha's entire body was bathed in a power that reached the end of the world. This was the Heavenly Longevity Realm. The Heavenly Longevity Realm. As long as the world exists, I will not perish.

Such a realm was indeed a level higher than a Heavenly Sovereign. Heavenly Sovereigns also had a lifespan and couldn't reach the end of the world. However, the Heavenly Longevity Realm could.

"This is the Heavenly Longevity Realm?

This realm is indeed a challenge to the world. To have the same lifespan as the world, the Heavenly Dao is equivalent to tacitly accepting a special existence.

In truth, the Heavenly Dao doesn't allow Heavenly Sovereigns and Heavenly Longevity Realms to appear. After all, this is a challenge to the Heavenly Dao's authority. However, the Heavenly Dao can also have uncontrollable things happen. "

Gu Chensha secretly analyzed his own realm. "If Heavenly Sovereigns are mountain kings who don't obey the court's orders, then the Heavenly Longevity Realm is the vassal states overseas. As for the Heavenly Prime Realm, it can already threaten the Heavenly Dao's authority."

In an instant, Gu Chensha had obtained all the secrets of the Heavenly Longevity Realm, as well as the relationship between this realm and the Heavenly Dao. It could be said that no one understood the Heavenly Longevity Realm better than him. This was a huge gain.

"Empress of Heaven's Origin. After refining it this time, the Emperor Of Heaven will weaken even more."

Gu Chensha suddenly moved, and the token fell into Lou Baiyue's body. It actually fiercely collided with the Empress of Heaven's Origin. The Empress of Heaven's Origin seemed to be very afraid of this "Like I Am Present" token. The light of the token wrapped around the Empress of Heaven's Origin.

The Empress of Heaven's Origin suddenly condensed, turning into a ray of light that actually wanted to escape from Lou Baiyue's body.

It gave up on Lou Baiyue, wanting to find someone else and let another girl become the Empress of Heaven.

Gu Chensha naturally wouldn't let the Empress of Heaven's Origin leave, because once it did, Lou Baiyue's strength would greatly decrease, and she would completely lose some sort of profoundness.

The reason why he wanted to help Lou Baiyue refine it this time was also to prevent the Empress of Heaven's Origin from leaving, which would cause Lou Baiyue's combat strength to decrease, and she wouldn't be able to suppress the situation. At that moment, Gu Chensha's body disappeared, and in its place was the Dragonless Heart Sutra.

The Dragonless Heart Sutra entered Like I Am Present's token, causing the token to suddenly expand. It actually merged with the Dragonless Heart Sutra, turning into a huge net that covered the sky and earth, suppressing the Empress of Heaven's Origin.

"Activate the Heavenly Mother Formation." Gu Chensha said to Lou Baiyue.

Lou Baiyue understood tacitly, and immediately activated it. Countless sacrificial energy surged forth, finally transforming into the image of a Heavenly Mother. This Heavenly Mother seemed to be the true mother of Heaven and Earth, the mother of the Heavenly Dao. The Heavenly Mother appeared, capturing the Empress of Heaven's Origin.

With Gu Chensha's help, the Empress of Heaven's Origin gradually quietened down, as though it was about to be truly subdued, broken down, and refined by Lou Baiyue. This Heavenly Mother Formation was also created by Gu Taxian, as though it was used to refine the Empress of Heaven's Origin at this moment.

However, Gu Chensha didn't relax in the slightest. He knew that after the Empress of Heaven's Origin was refined, the Emperor Of Heaven would eventually weaken. Even last time, when he was about to refine and extract the Empress of Heaven's Origin, the Emperor Of Heaven suddenly appeared to deal with Gu Chensha, and rescued the Empress of Heaven's Origin from Wu Dangkong.

The Empress of Heaven was much more important than the Empress of Heaven Wu Dangkong. This time, when the Empress of Heaven's Origin was refined, there was no reason for the Emperor Of Heaven not to come out. Moreover, Gu Chensha was deliberately luring the Emperor Of Heaven out. Last time, when he caught the Emperor Of Heaven, there weren't many clues, and he was almost able to pull out the Emperor Of Heaven's true form. But now, the Emperor Of Heaven was still hiding, which made Gu Chensha very uncomfortable. After all, it was easy to dodge a spear in the open, but hard to guard against an arrow in the dark. As long as the Emperor Of Heaven openly fought with him, then Gu Chensha wasn't afraid at all. Browse Reading Address: