Chapter 623
===========

Now, Wan Senshi had set up portals everywhere in the Divine Land that he created. Not only could the interior of the continent communicate with each other, but people could also travel from one province to another in an instant by entering the portal. In addition, it could also communicate with the outside world.

Many of the Immortal Dao sects had established teleportation portals here, allowing cultivators to come here to trade and exchange information. This was the headquarters of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals.

"Look at the palace in the old capital of the Divine Land. It's exactly the same as the real palace. There's even a cold jade mountain, which was created by Wan Senshi with great magical power." Longevity God took Gu Chensha to the old capital and arrived at a mansion.

The mansion covered an area of more than a thousand acres, with pavilions, terraces, and towers. It was actually the mansion of Longevity God.

Generally speaking, Immortal Realm experts lived in the capital in this "New Divine Land". It seemed that the princes, dukes, and ministers had their own mansions. As for Patriarch Wan Senshi, like Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor, he lived in the palace.

If there was a meeting, it would be like a court official going to the court. In the palace hall, Wan Senshi would announce a series of major events.

And now, Wan Senshi was even cultivating his own people, which was the United Army of Ten Thousand Immortals. As long as the rogue cultivators of the Immortal Dao completely submitted to Wan Senshi, not only would they get blessings, but they would also be taught supreme magical techniques, cleansed their marrow, and received a monthly salary of medicinal pills.

Therefore, many cultivators completely submitted to Wan Senshi, joined the United Army of Ten Thousand Immortals, and worked for Wan Senshi.

In an instant, Wan Senshi pulled out a group of people. The momentum was so great that it made all the sects blush with shame. However, those sects had no choice but to follow Wan Senshi's lead. Even the Scarlet Heaven Sect and Nine Swords Sect that had submitted to Wan Senshi could only follow his lead. Wan Senshi was too strong. Wan Senshi's strength had reached a certain level. He was simply invincible.

With a single thought, he could create a world. There were no flaws at all. He had endless tricks up his sleeves. He could destroy any Mystical Gate of the Immortal Dao with his own strength. This was a true archaic giant, an unmatched existence.

As Gu Chensha looked at the layout of this place, he could see that not only did Wan Senshi possess a dimensional realm, but that dimensional realm's accumulated resources were far greater than the Calm Immortal Division's.

He also knew that Wan Senshi's origins were peculiar. Even the three great Empyreans didn't have such an ancient existence.

"Gui Yiqiu, although your cultivation is weak and you are only at Dao Realm Transformation 10, you have had many fortuitous encounters and cultivated the Celestial Path's Purple Green Mysterious Art. You will have great achievements in the future. My subordinates are lacking talents like you. Tell me, now that Wan Senshi has created this Alliance and I have become his subordinate, what should we do? During these days, Longevity God already knew that this Ghost Weep in front of him was a genius.

Although this Ghost Weep was only a genius, Longevity God could see that this person had great fortune. In the future, he would definitely achieve great things. He might even have a heaven-shaking fortuitous encounter.

Longevity God's cultivation was getting stronger and stronger. He had gradually mastered the dao of the three great True Gods and had the ability to break through to the Saint Realm. He just lacked some fortuitous encounters.

These days, Gu Chensha had also been secretly using the Heavenly Dao to probe the secrets of Longevity and Fortune God. He had grasped some of the cultivation methods of Longevity and Fortune God.

Longevity God was cunning, but his cultivation was not the same as before. Back then, he could deceive the Dharma Saint. Now, his realm was even deeper. He was an expert with Dao Realm Transformation 25 Undying Body. Moreover, after he obtained the Dharma Saint's dao, he understood how the Dharma Saint escaped the control of the Heavenly Dao and revived. This way, it would be very useful for him to resist the Heavenly Dao.

With such a powerful mind, he could control the Heavenly Dao Technique with ease, but how could the Longevity God compare to him?

Even if Longevity God had thousands of tricks and plots, it was impossible for him to imagine that this Ghost Weep in front of him was actually Gu Chensha.

"Lord Longevity God, the Union of Ten Thousand Immortals is a huge plan established by Wan Senshi. In this huge plan, everyone is just a chess piece."

Gu Chensha said to Longevity God, "Lord Longevity God, you must see this clearly. That Wan Senshi may abandon any chess piece at any time. However, Wan Senshi is the supreme overlord of ancient times and cannot be resisted. Therefore, Lord Longevity God can only make himself more valuable, so that he can be valued and avoid being abandoned. Of course, I can't guess the realm of the Lords, and I can't catch up to the various futures that the Lords can foresee.

My point of view is to observe the struggle in the Immortal Path through the history of the Human Path. "

"The history of the Human Path, from small family struggles to the layout of a city and a place, to large imperial courts, all kinds of characters can be used as reference to see the big picture.

This God is also familiar with history, so I know the changes of the Central Divine Continent. The battles of the past dynasties are also in this God's mind. I also know what Wan Senshi is thinking, but the other party is too strong and can't compete. "

Longevity God said, "What do you think if I submit to Wan Senshi on the surface, but in fact, I turn to other powerful existences and benefit from both sides?"

"There are many Profound Sects involved in this. If my guess is right, the Nine Swords Profound Sect and the Scarlet Heaven Profound Sect are even turning to Wan Senshi, and they are working for the three Great Celestials."

Gu Chensha said, "Wan Senshi is also very clear about this. Sooner or later, the great purge will begin. I don't think Your Excellency Longevity God should have this idea for the time being. Otherwise, I'm afraid you won't be able to please both sides. It's better to bet on one person." "You mean I should turn to Wan Senshi completely?"

Longevity God said, "But I've tested him time and time again, and Wan Senshi didn't give me any benefits. Obviously, he doesn't trust me very much."

When Gu Chensha heard this, he snickered in his heart. He knew that with Immortal Master Wan's vision, how could he not see that Longevity Bliss had a rebellious bone in his head? Longevity Bliss would never sincerely rely on any existence.

"Your Excellency, you don't have to be anxious now, because it's still calm and there are no large-scale wars. In the Central Divine Region, because of the Calmness Immortal Department's support, the second outbreak of the devil disaster has not yet begun. Moreover, the battle between the Calmness Immortal Department and the Union of Ten Thousand Immortals in the Immortal Path is just to attract talents, and has not reached a white-hot level. Therefore, Your Excellency still has to wait, wait for the war to be in full swing. In this way, Your Excellency's value will increase sharply.

At that time, even if Your Excellency doesn't go to those tycoons, they will come to your door. "Gu Chensha said.

"Then, in your opinion, in which aspect can I obtain the greatest benefits?" Longevity God asked again.

"In fact, Your Excellency has already made a decision in your heart."

Gu Chensha had already figured out Longevity God's mind. "In fact, after watching for a long time, subordinate feels that the Calmness Immortal Department's cooperation is the most promising. Not to mention the Dragon Raising Heart Sutra and the Dragon Creating Heart Sutra, Calmness Immortal Department even announced that they have obtained the Holy Dragon Sutra. This is an earth-shattering supreme method. After cultivating it, people can become born with the aptitude of a Sage. This is what Your Excellency seems to lack. If Your Excellency obtains the Holy Dragon Sutra, you can immediately break through the layers of obstacles and reach the Sage Realm. At that time, Your Excellency's value will be different." "If you don't say that, there may be an opportunity in front of you."

Longevity God said, "How about this, you will cultivate in my Minute Dust World and help me manage the country in my Minute Dust World. I can see that you have a profound understanding of the way of governing a country. I hope that you can unite the people's hearts in my Minute Dust World and help them develop." "Your Excellency, forgive me for speaking bluntly."

Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "It's safe to gather living beings in one's own Minute Dust World and pray within it, but it's not a long-term solution. The best way is to create a country outside, then have them believe in Lord and carry out sacrifices. On the one hand, in the Endless World, the wisdom of living beings can obtain the greatest achievements, comprehend the Heavenly Dao, and advance the fastest. On the other hand, in the Minute Dust World, it's easy to be obstructed by the power of the world, causing people to be unable to advance.

Second, the resources in the dust world need to be constantly produced. It is not as good as the Land of Infinity, which can cultivate the indomitable spirit of the people and the will to fight against the heavens.

Third, if a master sneaks into the dust world of a god, it is equivalent to entering the core, and it is easy to be polluted. "

"Ha ha ha ha ha …" Longevity God laughed. "It seems that you are indeed talented and intelligent. You can actually understand some of the things I taught you. Your three points are indeed important, but there is no other way. If I establish an empire outside, I am afraid it will be destroyed, and the gains will not make up for the losses. Right now, I can only put my believers in my Divine Kingdom. When I find an opportunity, I will find a good land and develop it. " "That is the only way."

Gu Chensha knew that even if a god ran an empire, it was like a farmer growing crops. If they were not careful, it would be easily destroyed by the enemy. The empire that had been running for hundreds of years, or even thousands of years, would be destroyed.

For example, in the battle between Longevity God and Daoist Peace, Daoist Peace was stronger than Longevity God, but if Longevity God wanted to destroy Daoist Peace's empire, it would be easy.

Longevity God simply moved his empire into the Minuscule World and temporarily operated it, not in the Endless World.

The operation of Calming Immortal Department was to control the Central Divine Province and the small Divine Province created overseas. It seemed to be flourishing, but in fact, it was still a bit fragile. Whoosh! Longevity God waved his big sleeve and directly sucked Gu Chensha into his dust world.

Gu Chensha saw another world. It was very vast, and it was also a continent. There was light in the sky, and there were three suns.

Of course, the light of these three suns was not very strong. Instead, it was very warm. They rotated alternately, giving this world a lot of energy.