Chapter 439
===========

Gu Chensha used the Great Massacre God Technique to comprehend it carefully.

His current potential was already that of a Natural Saint and he had activated the Heavenly Talisman Emperor bloodline twice, allowing him to reach that level. He had also slowly gained some understanding of the Great Massacre God Technique and was no longer clueless about it like before.

The first method of the Great Massacre God Technique was to comprehend the nodes of the infinite dimensions of the universe and understand all sorts of formulas to harmonize the energy of the dimensions and mix them together to evolve endless wondrous uses.

Once one cultivated this technique, even if one was at the first or second transformation of the Dao Realm, one would be able to mix with Celestial Qi and absorb it into one's body to strengthen one's body and even expand one's mind acupoints.

Of course, this was just the most basic method of the Great Massacre God Technique and could be said to be a beginner's technique.

The true profoundness of the mind was to manipulate the heavens and break all laws with a single word. One could control all Daos and do as one pleased and was almost omnipotent. Gu Chensha had only just started.

He circulated his spirit and will, circulating the most basic method of the Great Massacre Divine Art. He sensed the location of the bloodline hidden in the many dimensional nodes in his body that Xing Qiongshi had mentioned.

"I seem to have grasped something."

Gu Chensha comprehended this place and felt that this small bed seemed to be the node of countless dimensions in the Divine Land and even the Land of Infinity. It seemed to be just right to use this bed as a metaphor for the node on his body. Gu Chensha's thoughts spread out and he flew into the sky.

His thoughts came to the sky above the old palace and he seemed to see the structure of the entire Divine Land.

On the surface, the Divine Land was divided into many states and the shape was not very regular. It could be said to be vast but compared to the Wilderness, East Wilderness and Ocean, it seemed a little small.

But he realized that the Divine Land contained many secrets. It wasn't just the land but many key points of the universe. Simply put, it was a transportation hub of the universe.

Whoever could take control of the Divine Land and establish a country would have great luck. Inexorably, they would obtain many immeasurable benefits.

The Divine Land was a key point and the bed in the palace was also a key point. Was there a key point in the depths of his body? The three of them resonated with each other, and Gu Chensha seemed to understand a lot.

He seemed to have faintly sensed the bloodline in the node of his body. However, he was still unable to summon it. He still lacked some sort of comprehension. If he could summon it at any time, his aptitude would probably increase even further.

A full month later, he opened his eyes and began to breathe in and out. His body shrank down into dust and disappeared. He had caught hold of Dou Nineteen's aura. This person would not be able to escape. He had gained a lot from this comprehension.

It was equivalent to him seeing the huge treasure hidden in his body. Although he couldn't obtain it for now, he still saw it.

This was equivalent to a person discovering that there were tons of gold hidden in his warehouse. He could see it through the window, but he couldn't find the key to the warehouse and couldn't take it out for the time being. In the past, he couldn't even see the bloodline in his body.

"It seems like the day of the bloodline awakening is just around the corner." Gu Chensha caught hold of Dou Nineteen's aura and discovered that he was still in the old capital city.

"That's? The address of the Scenic Martial Merchant Association? No, it should be the Clearsky Merchant Guild now. The Jing Family has nothing to do with it. "

Gu Chensha looked at the merchant guild. It had also built tall buildings, richly ornamented and majestic. There were even pearls on the roofs that illuminated day and night. The Clearsky Merchant Guild seemed to have become the symbol of the city.

In the past year, because the Immortal Tranquility Department had refined the Heavenly Demon Tree, the Buzhou Palace and Dragon's Gate had been absorbed. The Common People's Wish sphere had turned into endless yellow sand, and all its vitality had been stolen. As a result, it couldn't produce the Minor Star Huandan, Major Star Huandan, Star Soldier Sword, and Star Soldier Armor.

This caused a shortage, and the Clearsky Merchant Guild quickly took over the market share. Even the Hongyun Games and the National Fortune Party took advantage of the situation and began to divide the market.

However, Gu Chensha wasn't worried. The Heavenly Demon Tree had already begun to grow. After Zhuge Ya improved it and provided it with the Human Dragon Pill, Human Dragon Sword, and Human Dragon Armor, everyone in the world, including the mystical sects, would definitely flock to it. Even the aristocratic families couldn't resist this.

He turned into dust and descended, directly entering the Clearsky Merchant Guild based on Dou Nineteen's aura. Gu Chensha immediately sensed a familiar aura. It was the aura of Wu Dangkong. Two people sat in a room. One of them was shockingly Dou Nineteen, and the other was Wu Dangkong. The two of them had somehow managed to pull some strings together.

Gu Chensha frowned. Wu Dangkong was ambitious to begin with, and Dou Nineteen had many tricks up his sleeve. Not even a god could kill him. If the two of them joined forces, they would pose quite a threat to the Immortal Tranquility Department.

"Dou Nineteen, I didn't think you'd come looking for me here. What's the matter?

You're the son of the Celestial Sovereign, and you've established the Everlasting Extermination Alliance. You're an adjudicator of the immortal dao, and I'm the regent of the imperial court. You and I are enemies. "Wu Dangkong looked at Dou Nineteen calmly, as if he wanted something.

"We aren't enemies, we are friends. Moreover, we have a common enemy, which is Gu Taxian and his Immortal Tranquility Department."

Dou Nineteen tempted him, "Look, these are the pills, swords, and armor I bought from the Immortal Tranquility Department. They are the newest ones." Dou Nineteen wiped his hand and a bean-sized pill, armor, and sword appeared in front of him.

"Human Dragon Pill, Human Dragon Armor, Human Dragon Sword."

Dou Nineteen said towards the three treasures, "Naturally, these three are useless to us, but to normal people, even those at Seven or Eight Transformation Dao Realm, they are useful.

It seems like Immortal Tranquility Department's Heaven Demon Tree has really succeeded. Once these three items are released, your merchant association won't be able to turn the situation around. The people, even the Celestial Path, will go crazy. Even I want to buy many of them to nurture my subordinates. "

Wu Dangkong frowned deeply. She also knew how important this matter was. Recently, Jin Suibo of the Calming Immortal Division held several demonstration meetings, inviting aristocratic families, immortal dao profound sects, and people from all types of powers to watch the release of the Calming Immortal Division's three piece set. In the end, on the day of the release, the wondrous effects were displayed, blowing up the entire world.

On that day, many aristocratic families and celestial path sects paid money and treasures to reserve the three items.

When Gu Chensha heard this, he realized that many things had happened in the month he cultivated. Immortal Tranquility Department seemed to have started to fight back in terms of business. Jin Suibo was in charge of all of this.

"I have thought about it and only if we work together can we deal with Immortal Tranquility Department."

Dou Nineteen said, "The Tranquil Immortal Department has been developing too swiftly and violently recently, and it's a ghastly sight to behold. If we don't deal them a heavy blow and injure their vitality, causing them to be unable to recover from this setback, I'm afraid that we'll all die at their hands in a few years." "Do you have any good suggestions?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"Very simple. I know that the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman is on you. You are an existence with the will of the heavens, so I want to borrow the talisman or some other things from you." Dou Nineteen said directly.

The news of Wu Dangkong having the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman had spread out. In the past, Gu Chensha had used this news to gain many benefits from Gu Tanjian.

"You want to perform a sacrifice? That is possible, but what do you want to get? "

Wu Dangkong's eyes darted around. She already knew that the Celestial Talisman Emperor had twisted the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman's decree. No matter what was sacrificed, Gu Chensha would get half of it.

Only she, the higher-ups of the Immortal Tranquility Department, and the Xingqiong Clan knew about this. Naturally, Wu Dangkong wouldn't tell Dou Nineteen this secret.

In truth, she was also thinking of a way to restore the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman Emperor's decree. That way, she could have the talisman for herself. But there was nothing she could do now. She hated Gu Chensha to the bone.

"I want to carry out the ancient Great God-Sealing Ceremony and obtain a divine seat!" Dou Nineteen said. "Only then can I quickly resist the Immortal Tranquility Department." "The Great God-Sealing Ceremony?"

Wu Dangkong looked at Dou Nineteen as if she were looking at an idiot. "Do you know that the Great God-Sealing Ceremony is a ceremony in which the ancient Emperor of Heaven united the world? Once the world truly submitted to him, he gathered his subjects and offered sacrifices to the heavenly dao. It took decades, or even centuries, for the nation's fate to be conferred a divine seat. If I do that, I will immediately die and my dao vanish as if I'm a traitor. " "Naturally, I have a series of plans."

A sinister smile appeared on Dou Nineteen's face. "You probably don't know yet, but I have planted a group of people who will listen to my orders among the officials of the world. You probably don't know, but I even have people under your command, not to mention Gu Tanjian and Crown Prince Gu Xuansha."

"Crown Prince Gu Xuansha belongs to the three great Heavenly Venerables, right?" Wu Dangkong was secretly alarmed. He definitely had to do a thorough investigation when he returned.

"Gu Xuansha belongs to the Primordial Heavenly Venerables' faction. He can also be considered an enemy of mine."

Dou Nineteen revealed a piece of information. The three great Heavenly Venerables weren't completely united. Their subordinates fought each other and had their own ideas.

This was unavoidable. Even a family clan would have internal strife, let alone such a huge system. Even the three great Heavenly Venerables couldn't change this problem.

The Immortal Tranquility Department was fine now, but as time passed, there would definitely be internal strife.

If the second and third-rate profound immortal sects that had submitted to them were included, the internal strife would actually be very serious.

"In short, if you want to hold the Great God Investiture Ceremony and obtain a Deity Seat, I can't do it.

Although the nation's Luck is flourishing now, far surpassing that of the ancient era, there is actually a huge drawback. That is, the Heavenly Dao will send down calamities. If you hold such a ceremony, you might be spurned by the Heavenly Dao. You won't obtain a Deity Seat, and instead, some terrifying things will descend. "

Wu Dangkong had many plans in his heart. "Moreover, even if I can hold such a ceremony, what will I get if I help you ascend to a Deity Seat? What a joke. What do you have to exchange for this Deity Seat? "