Chapter 931
===========

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation The insufferably arrogant Nangong Xun perished in an instant. He was absorbed by the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos. At first, all that was left of him was his skin, but in the blink of an eye, there was nothing left of him, not even his bones.

This was the Emperor Of Heaven's plan. Nangong Xun did not exist in the future, so he could be said to be a variable. By sacrificing him, the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos would be able to exert its greatest power in an instant.

After the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos exploded, its first goal was to insert itself into the original position of the Endless Sea of Sin. It would penetrate deep into it, so that the Endless Sea of Sin could finally accommodate it. When the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos returned, it would immediately transform the Divine Central Continent into the Heavenly Court.

In this way, Gu Chensha would no longer be able to control the fate of the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds.

Of course, Gu Chensha's current power was no small matter. Even if the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos returned, it would not be able to snatch the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds away. Therefore, the Emperor Of Heaven had prepared the next powerful move.

That was, when the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos descended, it would face many officials of the imperial court. If it suppressed and killed all of them and used them as sacrifices, the situation would most likely be reversed.

Because at this time, the bottomless Sea of Sin had become an altar. On the altar stood all the civil and military officials, including all the big and small figures of the imperial court.

The moment the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos pressed down, its majestic power was enough to cause the world to collapse.

"The Heavenly Pillar of Chaos has actually appeared. It really wants to do this during the great sacrifice."

Lou Baiyue looked at the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos fiercely pressing down from the sky, and a sarcastic smile appeared on her face. "If we can't even calculate this, then we are too incompetent. What qualifications do we have to change the world and lead all living beings to immortality?"

As he spoke, an endless amount of strength erupted. Above Lou Baiyue's body, a beautiful light appeared. Like a giant flower, it directly supported the Primordius Heavenly Pillar, preventing it from falling. At the same time, all the officials began their own sacrifices. The power of sacrifice wrapped around the Primordius Heavenly Pillar, causing it to be refined. Rumble! At this moment, a greater crisis broke out.

In the Divine Land and the Four Wilds, beams of dazzling starlight rose violently, and in the starlight, people emerged one by one. They were Star Lords. At this critical moment, these Star Lords did not hide and appeared.

"Crack!

The Divine Prefecture and the Four Desolate Lands were in an uproar. Chaos was everywhere. These Star Venerables started to kill, destroy, and kill those who believed in the imperial court and were willing to cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra. They were all killed in the blink, and the Divine land and the Wilds fell into a panic.

These Celestial Lords were all reincarnations of Xing Chen. There were tens of thousands of them, perhaps even a hundred thousand.

Moreover, even the lowest-ranked Celestial Lords were Celestial Venerables. As for Celestial Primordial Celestial Lords, there were tens of thousands of them. With so many people rioting together, they could immediately overturn the Divine Land and the Four Wilds.

That wasn't all. As these Celestial Lords began to slaughter, they also began to circulate their own power, summoning their star bodies and filling the entire sky. Then, they began to disturb the crystal walls of the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds. At the same time, the starlight descended, all of it concentrated on the Primordial Sky Pillar.

With the support of more than one hundred thousand reincarnated Star Venerates, the Primal Chaos Heavenly Pillar's strength was practically endless. With a shake, it shattered the golden flower that Lou Baiyue had formed. All the sacrifices of the officials were also defeated. These officials were also shaken. They all spat out a mouthful of blood.

"It's time to make a move."

When Zhang Ziran saw this scene, his eyes were filled with killing intent. His body trembled and a ring of light appeared behind his head. Within the ring of light, there was a huge world. The aura of this world was majestic and it was much stronger than the Heaven Realm. It was the foundation of the future. This was the Human Realm. Zhang Ziran was the Lord of the Human Realm.

Among the many worlds in the future, the Human Realm was the largest, the richest, the most hidden dragons and crouching tigers. It was the world with the most living beings. Even the Heavenly Court had to protect the Human Realm at all times. Without the sacrifices of the Human Realm, the Heavenly Court might not be able to maintain its immortality. The importance of the Human Realm was self-evident.

Zhang Ziran was actually the ruler of the Human Realm, which meant that his strength was far above that of the various experts. When he attacked, he did not target the various officials of the Imperial Court. Instead, he targeted a single person, and that person was Wen Hong.

Wen Hong was the future Lord of the Human Realm. There was no doubt about it. However, Wen Hong had betrayed the Heavenly Way and the Emperor Of Heaven.

Therefore, the Heavenly Dao and the Heavenly Monarch abandoned him. However, he was destined to be the ruler of the Human World in the future. With his existence, it was naturally impossible for Zhang Che to truly reach the consummate level. Therefore, he had to kill and devour Wen Hong. Only then could he truly control the Human World, expand it, and complete his mission.

"Zhang Ziran, you still couldn't help but make a move."

Wen Hong sighed when he saw Zhang Ziran charging towards him. "We thought you were the hidden Emperor Of Heaven. Who would have thought that the Emperor Of Heaven was not you? Moreover, you are the Lord of the Human Realm. Since you have this identity, you will definitely come to kill me. However, I can see that you are a smart person. Why are you siding with the Emperor Of Heaven? This is not a wise move." "Cut the bullshit."

Zhang Ziran's face was expressionless. "The Imperial Court is about to be destroyed. Let's see how Gu Chensha can salvage the situation." Rumble!

He clasped his hands together. Instantly, a huge explosion occurred. A fist appeared behind him. This fist was immeasurably huge. As it swung around violently, it created all sorts of illusions of the Human Realm. In the Human Realm, five colors were flashy. Prosperity was gone. There were thousands of flavors. This was the Human Realm.

The power of the Human Realm was the soil from which everything was born. At this moment, it was unleashed by Zhang Ziran. The tide-like power completely enveloped Wen Hong, making it impossible for Wen Hong to escape.

"This is the Human Realm?"

Wen Hong looked at Zhang Ziran's fist approaching him. He sighed. "The Human Realm that you know, the Human Realm that you want to create, is actually not the real Human Realm. There are still many flaws in your comprehension. Let me tell you what the real Human Realm is."

As Zhang Ziran spoke, Wen Hong turned into a lamp. It was only a speck, and under the crushing pressure of Zhang Ziran's massive fist, it seemed as if it would shatter at any moment. However, no matter how ferocious Zhang Ziran's fist was, it was unable to extinguish the lamp that Wen Hong had turned into.

"Everyone has hope in their heart. Hope is like a lantern, it will never be extinguished.

Zhang Ziran, let me tell you what the real Human Realm is. The Human Realm isn't a place that sticks to conventions. It's a place where hope will be passed down forever. Beautiful things will eventually come true.

You can't suppress it. Human Realm, the power of the Human Realm. You definitely understand my heart. Light up! "

Wen Hong's voice came out in a dense and thin manner. Then, behind Zhang Ziran, in the Human Realm, many lights were lit up. Then, the entire Human Realm actually showed the momentum of a single spark setting a prairie ablaze.

"Alright."

Zhang Ziran retracted his fist. Because the Human Realm behind him was actually starting to lose control. It started to have Wen Hong's will in it. However, he didn't panic at all.

In terms of power, the power of the Human Realm was huge. When it was gathered, it would have an unfathomable and supreme divine might. If Zhang Ziran was able to use all of its power, it would be enough to kill Wen Hong. In his opinion, Wen Hong's strength was between one yuan and two yuan.

And with his current strength, even if he couldn't use all of the power of the Human Realm, he could still burst out with the power of hundreds of yuan.

However, in an instant, Wen Hong used his identity to activate the karma of the future. He integrated himself into the Human Realm, causing the Human Realm to resonate with him. In this way, he could borrow the power of the Human Realm to strengthen his power. At the same time, he could weaken Zhang Ziran's attack.

Zhang Ziran seemed to be the calmest among all of them. He was expressionless. He just said the word 'good' and then put his hands together.

In the halo behind him, the lights of the Human Realm, which were already burning, were extinguished one after another. In the Human Realm, strange and dazzling lights, seven emotions and six desires, all kinds of mortal hearts, happiness, anger, sorrow and joy emerged.

"Wen Hong, your way of thinking is wrong. The reason why the Human Realm is the Human Realm is because the people of the Human Realm have mortal feelings, seven emotions and six desires. They have the ability to turn the mortal world upside down and flourish. This is the Human Realm. If these are lost, then the Human Realm would not be the Human Realm. Now, what you are paying attention to is the unity of all living beings. Come and cultivate your Dragonless Heart Sutra. Then, each and every one of you can cultivate to be free and immortal. You don't need others to live for you. This is admittedly a great detachment and great freedom. But is this still the Human Realm?

You still haven't completely understood the charm of the Human Realm. The Human Realm is the Human Realm. I am protecting the Human Realm, not immortality. "

Zhang Ziran sighed. As he spoke, all the lights of the Human Realm were extinguished. Wen Hong could no longer borrow the power of the Human Realm. And the power that erupted from Zhang Ziran was getting stronger and stronger.

"Lou Baiyue, die!"

Just as Zhang Ziran was about to explode again and kill Wen Hong, a few people appeared beside Lou Baiyue. They were Long Xiangtian, Liu Chansha, Peacock, Wu Dangkong, and the King of Earth.

These five experts gathered together and seemed to have condensed into a killing formation. In the blink of an eye, the formation enveloped Lou Baiyue. Then, they began to attack.