Chapter 821
===========

Even though Jing Qiu had a very high opinion of Gu Chensha, he still felt that he had underestimated Gu Chensha when it came down to it. 【】

He thought that with his own strength, he would be able to hold on for a few days. At that time, the major powers of the world and other factions would come to save him. He had the Desolate Heart and would have a great future. He would be the target of many people. Moreover, many people would not allow Gu Chensha and the Calming Xian Department to expand again. If the Calming Xian Department controlled the Four Wastelands, they would basically be unshakable.

Now that the Four Wastelands had fallen into someone else's hands, Jing Qiu felt that the Calming Xian Department was actually in a precarious situation. That was why he dared to openly oppose Gu Chensha. And now, as soon as Gu Chensha made a move, he felt a great deal of pressure.

He could not hold on at all. He showed signs of collapsing as they exchanged blows. He could be annihilated at any time.

"Jing Qiu, think about that Great Burning Heavenly King Xiao Yan. His cultivation level is higher than yours. Moreover, he has seven Endless Treasures and the Great Burning Dynasty that controls hundreds of billions of people. Even he is no match for me. He was defeated by me and almost died. In the end, I took away seven Endless Treasures. You only have one Endless Treasure now. You have not completely refined the Heavenly King Source. How can you fight me?

And compared to when I fought the Great Burning Heavenly King Xiao Yan, my strength has increased a lot.

The seven Endless Treasures have all been melted and refined into my Divine Prefecture Gourd. Naturally, you cannot fight me. Even if you can use the Desolate Heart, I can use the Divine Prefecture Source to suppress you. " Gu Chensha said slowly, "However, you can self-destruct now. I really can't stop you." Gu Chensha's words were very mocking.

"Jing Qiu, if you don't self-destruct, I will truly suppress you and take away your Source, just like how you took away Jing Fanxing's Source. Why don't you die with me? Do you think you can hold on? "

When Jing Fanxing saw this, his eyes were filled with joy. "Jing Qiu, this is retribution. As the saying goes, evil people will be tortured by evil people. You just took everything from me, and now someone is coming to take everything from you.

Gu Chensha, I'm willing to join the Calming Immortal Department. I'm willing to abandon everything that I previously believed in. I'm willing to wholeheartedly become a member of the Calming Immortal Department. I'll believe in the principles of the Calming Immortal Department and devoutly cultivate the Way of the Dragon every day. This is my long-cherished wish, and I'm willing to do everything. " "Really?"

When Gu Chensha heard this, a smile appeared on his face. "As you wish, believe in my Dao of the Dragon. This is the absolute truth. In that case, I will return the Origin of the Innocuous Heavenly King to you. If you had realized it earlier, you wouldn't have ended up in this situation today." Rumble!

Just as Jing Fanxing finished speaking, he seemed to have sensed something. The source of the "Innocuous Heavenly King" on Jing Qiu's body became restless, causing Jing Qiu to lose control of the situation.

"Damn it, if I had known earlier, I would have killed you!

Jing Fanxing, I can't believe you're still causing mischief at a time like this. You're being used by someone else. "

Jing Qiu flew into a rage. He waved his hand, sending out a wave of energy to kill Jing Fanxing. He regretted not killing Jing Fanxing on the spot. Now that Jing Fanxing's destiny was being used, the source of the "Innocuous Heavenly King" in his body was stirred up, and he couldn't control it at all.

Gu Chensha didn't even look. In the blink of an eye, Jing Fanxing was protected. No one could touch a hair on him. Jing Fanxing was the true body of the "Innocuous Heavenly King". If he died, his destiny would naturally dissipate. But if he didn't die, he could be activated by a secret art, which would allow the source of Jing Qiu's body to flow back.

Of course, this was also because Jing Qiu hadn't had the source of the "Innocuous Heavenly King" for long. If he had a few more months, his foundation would have stabilized, and he would have digested the destiny, then Jing Fanxing would have been useless. Gu Chensha seized this opportunity and suddenly attacked, catching Jing Qiu off guard. Jing Qiu couldn't kill Jing Fanxing, so he couldn't suppress the other's destiny backlash.

If Jing Fanxing didn't have Gu Chensha's help, the destiny backlash would be nothing. But now that Gu Chensha had an unfathomable ability, the destiny backlash could almost exhaust Jing Qiu. After all, Jing Fanxing was the reincarnation of the Innocuous Heavenly King. Jing Qiu forcefully snatched it, to a certain extent, was actually going against heaven's will, and he would definitely die.

"Damn it, my destiny has been triggered, and my source is stirring. Although it's in my body, I can't control it at all." Jing Qiu was burning with anxiety. "This way, I won't even be able to take him down with me." "Jing Qiu, let's see who can save you now."

Jing Fanxing laughed loudly. "Karma doesn't feel good, karma doesn't feel good. It's not that the time hasn't come, but when the time comes, everything will be repaid." "I'll save you!" Just as Jing Qiu was in imminent danger, a voice suddenly rang out.

Then, a majestic power poured into Jing Qiu's body, causing Jing Qiu's body to suddenly stabilize, and the restless Innocuous Heavenly King's source also began to calm down. A figure appeared.

This person was a young man, and his entire body seemed to be filled with an extremely dense aura of disaster. This aura of disaster was pure, as if it was brought by the Emperor Of Heaven to punish the human world. He was a member of the Heavenly Court. After this young man appeared, he looked at Gu Chensha and said, "Gu Chensha, we meet again.

Back then, you didn't kill me. Now that I've achieved great results, you won't have any more chances to deal with me. " "Gu Huo, it's actually you."

Gu Chensha looked at the young man in front of him and already recognized him. This person was Gu Huo, who had been his opponent for a long time. He had tried to assassinate him on the sea for the first time, and he had lost his Golden Core. However, later on, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor had recovered and obtained the Star of Bane.

Then, this Gu Huo, Jing Fanxing, Elder Wangji, and Elder Xiaoyan of the Crimson Firmament Sect besieged Gu Chensha in the Demon Area. In the end, Elder Wangji and Elder Xiaoyan were both killed, Jing Fanxing escaped, and Gu Huo was about to be refined, but he was rescued by the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor. After that, Gu Huo never appeared again. This time, Gu Chensha was shocked to find that Gu Huo's identity was definitely not ordinary.

"Gu Huo, I didn't expect you to be the reincarnation of the Heavenly King of Disaster."

Gu Chensha looked at Gu Huo. "Moreover, you obtained the Desolate Sea's Heart. Actually, I should have been able to divine a thing or two, but I had no time to care about these things, and actually let you take advantage of a loophole."

"That's right. You let the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong attempt to conquer the Great Wei Dynasty, but you didn't expect me to take advantage of the situation and obtain the Desolate Sea's Heart and awaken the reincarnation of the Heavenly King of Disaster."

Gu Huo looked at Gu Chensha. "However, the Calming Immortal Department has too many things to do, and there will always be a loophole. If you could control everything, wouldn't the entire world be under your control?" "No wonder you've come to save Jing Qiu."

Gu Chensha looked calmly at Gu Huo. "Now that Jing Qiu has obtained the reincarnation of the Innocuous Heavenly King and the Desolate Sea's Heart, you are the reincarnation of the Heavenly King of Disaster and have obtained the Desolate Sea's Heart. If the two of you join forces, you can attack the Divine Central Continent, and you can also protect yourself. Looks like I can't do anything to the two of you today?"

"That's right. If it was just one of us, you would be able to suppress us at will. However, with the two of us joining forces, with our foundations and strength, it is not impossible for you to suppress us, but it definitely won't be as easy as it is now. Moreover, I control the Desolate Sea, and the imperial court has many island countries overseas. If I activate the power of the Desolate Sea, I can instantly destroy all those island countries. It will be difficult for you to stop me."

Gu Huo spoke frankly with assurance. "Moreover, it's not just the two of us joining forces to deal with you. Lord Xuan Xin, come out as well." Buzz … A sound rang out. A heart-shaped halo appeared. A youth appeared in this heart-shaped halo. It was Xuan Xin.

Xuan Xin, the young sect master of the Black Heaven Earth Sect who had been killed by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian, had been resurrected by the Master of the Sun Moon Gu Tiansha. Then, he had broken free from Gu Tiansha's control and achieved great freedom. Xuan Xin was the reincarnation of the Boundless Heart. However, he had already obtained the Eastern Wasteland Heart.

"Here comes another one."

Gu Chensha looked at Xuan Xin without any change in expression. However, Xuan Xin looked at Gu Chensha with an expression of extreme hatred.

"You are Gu Taxian's son, the little bastard Gu Chensha?" Xuan Xin's killing intent was thick, and his tone was cold. "How dare you go around causing trouble."

"Sigh …" Gu Chensha sighed. "Xuan Xin, you have already died once, but you still don't realize it. You don't even know the reason for your death. It seems that you will have to repeat the same mistake. If my father can kill you, I can also kill you. "

"Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, let's activate the Barren Triad Heart and the power of the universe to suppress this little bastard here and kill him. What do you think?" Xuan Xin's voice became even more resentful.

"It's not that easy."

Gu Huo shook his head. "Even if we gather the power of the four barren lands, we won't be able to defeat him. We can only protect ourselves. Besides, Lord Xuan Xin, you are not the reincarnation of a King."

Gu Huo was speaking the truth. If they wanted to defeat Gu Chensha, they could only protect themselves. Before they knew it, Gu Chensha had become the most difficult person to deal with in the world. Even the Master of the Sun Moon Gu Tiansha had to retreat.

"Aside from the Emperor Of Heaven, who can fight against me, none of you can."

Gu Chensha looked at the three of them working together. He didn't care. It was as if he was looking at a bunch of useless people. "Fine, I will let you live for a few more days." Whoosh! Gu Chensha didn't attack. He just left the desert.

"Lord Xuan Xin."

When Gu Huo saw that Xuan Xin still wanted to chase after him, he quickly stopped him. "Don't fall into his trap. He didn't attack us because he hasn't finished gathering his trump card yet. Think about it. He destroyed the gathering of the demons with one lightning bolt. If he uses that lightning again, we won't be able to defeat him. That lightning is much stronger than the legendary Primordial Dragon Lightning."

"That's right. Gu Chensha isn't easy to deal with. If we're even slightly careless, we will be killed by him." Jing Qiu was a little scared. 。 a