Chapter 529
===========

The Martial Emperor was naturally the first to use his powers to wrap up the Divine Prefecture Thousand Murderous Armor. He was not an ordinary God Realm, but an Anomaly.

He had been reborn, and although he had not recovered all of his strength, he had more insights than before. Not only was he able to use the power of the world, but he also had many more mysteries.

A majestic Dao of Monarchs world energy flowed and wrapped up the Divine Prefecture Thousand Murderous Armor. The Martial Emperor then punched out.

"I trample the world, I fight as a king, I rule the world, I am favored by the heavens."

This punch shook the mountains and rivers, and it was as if countless people in the air were shouting "Long live the Emperor!"

This punch truly displayed the might of the Martial Emperor. This person was able to dominate the world and unify the world back then. It was definitely not a fluke. Now that he had returned, he was even stronger than before.

When Gu Chensha saw this punch, he knew that the Martial Emperor was much stronger than the Peerless Book. Back then, he used the power of the People's Wish sphere to fight the Peerless Book, but now he was probably not the Martial Emperor's match.

Of course, if Gu Chensha hid in the sphere, the Martial Emperor would not be able to do anything to him even if he was many times stronger.

"This Martial Emperor has hidden many methods and is unfathomable. I have underestimated him. But my vision is different from before. As soon as this Martial Emperor uses his fist technique, I can see through many things."

After Gu Chensha consumed the Mutated Pill, his vision became much higher. It was as if he was standing on Xing Qiongshi's shoulder, and he could see everything and everyone from a high vantage point.

The punch landed on the Divine Prefecture Thousand Murderous Armor, and the armor seemed to be unable to withstand it. The black Qi dissipated and the evil spirit wailed.

"We must not let the Martial Emperor refine this armor!"

At this time, King Wu Yu saw this and knew that the Martial Emperor was extremely strong, even stronger than them. With just a wave of his hand, it was as if an ancient Emperor had descended upon the world.

Although the Martial Emperor had never received the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, he had unified the world. And at his peak, he was even stronger than Emperor Gu. Now that he had comprehended the Mutated Dao, he had the grandeur to change the heavens. When he punched, the gods and demons retreated, or they would be turned to dust.

"HAHAHAHA, Martial Monarch, you can suppress the Ferocious Spirit within the armor. Let us completely melt it and bring it into the depths of the Martial Saint's Paradise."

The nine Deity level antiques laughed at the same time, then unleashed the power of their worlds at the same time, wanting to refine the armor before the Martial Emperors did.

They had absolute control over the Martial Sacred Chamber, thus they were confident that they could suppress the Martial Monarchs.

"Get lost!" All of a sudden, a door appeared above the Martial Emperor's head.

The door exuded an ancient, primordial aura. There seemed to be tens of thousands of dragons circulating inside, the sun, moon, and stars. Everything in the world was gathered inside. It could absorb all things in the world, and it could also spit out all things in the world. In the blink of an eye, the power of the nine patriarchs was completely absorbed by the portal.

"Chaotic Dragon Sect!" King Wu Yu shouted, "This is the Chaotic Dragon Sect!"

"That's right, this is one of the True Essences of the Great Desolate Dragon Gate. Back then, I entered the Great Desolate Dragon Gate. Although I didn't go any deeper, I spent a lot of effort to communicate with the great and vast will of the Dragon Gate. In the end, I gathered the Divine Continent's Son of Heaven Qi and injected it into the depths of the Great Desolate Dragon Gate in exchange for this True Essence! It could transform into a small prehistoric dragon gate and absorb all attacks.

This was the perfect time to use it. It was a talisman refined by the will of the Chaotic Dragon Sect.

What Martial Saint? What Dharma Saint? What Xing Qiong Clan? What three celestials? What are they compared to the Chaotic Dragon Sect? " At this point, the Martial Monarch finally revealed his invincible might.

The aura of the Raging Dragon Sect instantly shook the entire Martial Saint Paradise, causing the entire Paradise to tremble. It was as though the Martial Emperor had become the only ruler of this place at this moment.

"A talisman refined by the Chaotic Dragon Sect! So that's how it is!"

Gu Chensha now understood everything. The Martial Monarch had created the Dragonize Pagoda and used the power of the entire nation to offer sacrifices to it, all in exchange for the Chaotic Dragon Sect's aura. This talisman was one of those things.

In ancient times, the Heavenly Emperors used the aura of the Heavenly Dao to offer sacrifices to the Heavenly Dao. But the Martial Monarch had done the exact opposite, offering sacrifices to the Chaotic Dragon Sect.

Obviously, after he unified the world, he didn't get the Heavenly Dao Talisman and felt that he was abandoned by the Heavenly Dao. Therefore, he offered sacrifices to the Chaotic Dragon Sect, which allowed him to communicate with the Chaotic Dragon Sect.

At this moment, the talisman that the Martial Emperor was using was something he had obtained from the Emperor's Aura that he had obtained when he unified the world. He had sacrificed it to the Great Desolate Dragon Gate and obtained it from the Great Desolate Dragon Gate. The talisman was firm, vast, primordial, and vicissitudes.

Indeed, the Martial Saint, Dharma Saint, three celestials, Xing Qiong Clan, and the deities who had obtained the God Seat in the Immemorial Era, such as the Sorcerer Ancestor, all of them paled in comparison to the Chaotic Dragon Sect. The talisman refined by these people was extremely powerful. But what about the talisman refined by the Chaotic Dragon Sect?

At this moment, Gu Chensha already knew why the Martial Monarch was so calm and confident when he entered the Martial Saint's Paradise. It was because he knew that he had the means to break everything with brute force.

"Damn it, the Martial Monarch is really extraordinary and unfathomable. Although I calculated that he definitely had more than what he showed on the surface, I didn't expect him to have the power to suppress the Martial Saint's Paradise."

Gu Chensha was extremely shocked, but he didn't panic. Instead, he rejoiced, "If the Martial Monarch used this talisman to deal with our Celestial Tranquility Department's Sphere of People's Wishes, we would probably be robbed. However, the Martial Monarch is also afraid. He is very afraid of the Emperor Regal Token that father left behind, because he knows that father is much stronger than the Chaotic Dragon Sect.

Everything is still under my control. Although the talisman of the Chaotic Dragon Sect is tyrannical, it won't be that easy to eliminate Xing Qiong Clan's plan. Moreover, there is a variable here, and that is the Heavenly Dao Talisman. " Gu Chensha said fiercely, "Wu Dangkong, quickly cooperate with the nine great ancestors!

Nine great ancestors, take out the demonic souls you captured from the Demon Domain and let Wu Dangkong sacrifice them to resist the Martial Monarch's refinement! "

"Brat, I knew you would betray me. Die!" The Martial Monarch looked over and was about to kill Gu Chensha.

However, at this moment, the most ferocious aura from the Divine Land Thousand Ominous Armor that was about to be melted suddenly erupted.

"Chaotic Dragon Sect …"

There seemed to be something in the depths of the Divine Land Thousand Ominous Armor that was transforming. Xing Qiong Clan's will appeared. The armor was changing inch by inch, and it was actually ten times stronger than before!

"This is not the Divine Land Thousand Ominous Armor, this is the Divine Land Thousand Ominous Armor!" Wu Dangkong said fiercely.

"That's right, this is the Divine Land Thousand Ominous Armor. It's just Xing Qiong Clan disguised as the Thousand Ominous Armor!" Gu Chensha said fiercely to Wu Dangkong, "The situation is getting out of hand!"

Xing Qiong Clan's will and arrangements were awakened. The disguised Divine Land Thousand Ominous Armor turned into the Thousand Ominous Armor, and its power increased by ten times. A huge diagram of the Divine Land appeared in the void. This was Xing Qiong Clan's anger.

"Divine Land Grand Art, 99 Layers!"

Xing Qiong Clan used the 99 layers of the Divine Land Grand Art, and with the Divine Land Thousand Ominous Armor as a coordinate point, he charged into the Martial Saint's Paradise from the depths of the endless space.

"It's not the real Chaotic Dragon Sect, but just a talisman of the Dragon Sect.

Even the Immortal Slaying Immortal Exterminating Gourd condensed from the Primordial Tree can't kill me now. The Chaotic Dragon Sect is still a bit weaker than the Primordial Tree! " Xing Qiong Clan's will flowed out. "But you can be proud that you forced my arrangements to appear."

The 99 layers of the Divine Land Grand Art surged out and clashed with the Chaotic Dragon Sect's talisman. Immediately, the entire Martial Saint's Paradise was destroyed.

Similar to the Legalism's World of Dharma, the depths of the Martial Saint's Paradise trembled violently, and the power of the world became chaotic.

Gu Chensha suddenly disappeared. Using this opportunity, he began to steal the treasures and power of the world in the Martial Saint's Paradise.

"Where did Wu Dang Xing go?"

Wu Dangkong directly entered the Sun Moon Altar of the Sacrificial Talisman. No attacks could do anything to her. However, in the moment of chaos, she could no longer sense where Wu Dang Xing went.

Immediately, she began to communicate with King Wu Yu. "King Wu Yu, hurry up and give me control over the Martial Saint's Paradise. I will activate the Sacrificial Talisman to strengthen the Martial Saint's Paradise and bury the Martial Emperor and Xing Qiong Clan here."

At this time, the Paradise was filled with surging power of the world. It was a blur. Gu Chensha could sense the power of the Life's Wish sphere. He secretly wrapped himself in it and absorbed the power of the world in the Martial Saint's Paradise. At this time, he didn't care about the fight between Wu Dangkong, the nine Deities, the Martial Emperor, and Xing Qiong Clan. In any case, the more chaotic it was, the more suitable it was for him to steal.

The power of worship accumulated in the Martial Saint's Paradise for seven to eight thousand years has been converted into the power of the world. It's so pure. If it wasn't for the Xing Qiong Clan and the Martial Emperor starting a fight and messing things up, how could I have stolen the power of the world? "At this moment, Gu Chensha's body had already communicated with the sphere of the People's Wish.

His cultivation base was much stronger than when he had stolen all the Dharma Realms. Moreover, the Life's Wish sphere was much more mysterious.

He secretly inhaled. Instantly, the accumulated power of the world in the Martial Saint's Paradise was like a river, sucking it all into the sphere.

At this time, Zhuge Ya was still cultivating in the sphere. He saw a crack appear in the sky above the Tree of Wishes. The power of the world cascaded down like a waterfall and was absorbed by the Tree of Wishes. Finally, it seeped into the sphere. Every time it absorbed it, the sphere would gain years of accumulation.

"This way, the sphere will soon fuse with all the treasures and turn into a Minor Chiliocosm. It might even advance into a Medium Chiliocosm."

Zhuge Ya knew that the world of the Paradise was divided into Minute Dust World, Minor Chiliocosm, Medium Chiliocosm, Boundless World.