Chapter 736
===========

"I can't believe that the Black Sect of Heaven and Earth has fallen to such a state. A few decades ago, we were the top Black Sect and the Black Sect of Celestial Cultivation obeyed us. But now, we've fallen to such a state. Is it because of the changes in the outside world?" Azure Dragon sounded lonely.

"That can't be helped. But the Black Heaven Earth Sect is still blessed. We'll rise again one day."

Xuan Qiudao sounded hopeful. "At least Xuan Xin came back to life. He's the reincarnation of the Boundless Heart, one of the Thirty-six Treasures that has never appeared before. It's also the most mysterious treasure." "I'm afraid that Gu Tiansha is up to no good. He might want to devour Xuan Xin."

Azure Dragon said, "I heard that the Lord of the Sun and Moon relies on the power of the Universe of Suns and Moons. But if he gathers all the Thirty-six Treasures, he'll be able to get the power of the Heaven Realm and cut off the Universe of Suns and Moons. Gu Tiansha won't have any Divine Power. By then, he'll be able to capture him and refine him."

"That's not something we can do now. We can only wait for Ancestral Patriarch Universe to come back to life."

Xuan Qiudao suddenly lowered his voice. "The Lord of the Sun and Moon is not to be underestimated. If we're distracted, we'll be harmed instead." "I know that," Azure Dragon said.

"My lifespan is almost up. I'll die soon and merge with the Heavenly Laws. Now, we have to find a way to get Gu Tiansha to increase my lifespan. It'll be best if he can help me break through and become a Heavenly Master."

"That's difficult. But the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise in the Life's Wish Sphere might be able to break through and become a Heavenly Master."

Xuan Qiudao suddenly narrowed his eyes, killing intent flashing in them. "The four sacred beasts of the Calming Immortal Department have been baptized by the Heavenly Daos. Who knows how many benefits they have received, and now they are absorbing the power of the Great North Star. If you can devour any one of them, you might have the ability to break through to the Celestial Venerable Realm. Of course, if you want to break through, it would be best to devour all four of them, or even the King of Common Life.

The Master of Sun and Moon is more than willing to deal with the Calming Xian Bureau. Xuan Xin is very likely to be trusted by the Master of Sun and Moon. In the future, we can use this opportunity to maximize our benefits. "

"We have to plan this carefully. It's definitely a great opportunity for the Black Heaven Earth Sect to rise again." Azure Dragon shrunk his body and turned into an old man in green clothes. In the Divine Land, in Law State.

Gu Chensha's feet were firmly planted on the ground. He had already turned into a wandering scholar, observing the movements of the school of Legalism.

The Legalism School was different from the Wu Clan. Because the Wu Clan's talents had withered, the Wu Clan's five mountains had been occupied by the government. Basically, none of the Wu Clan's disciples dared to show themselves and were hiding in the Minor Chiliocosm, struggling at death's door. But legalism was different.

Because the Dharma Saint had become a Heavenly Master, the Legalism School had cultivated a medium-sized world, and they had also contacted the Heavenly Fiend Clan and Wu Dangkong. Their strength could be said to be extremely domineering. Therefore, they did not show weakness to the Wu Clan and the other clans. Instead, they were still active in Law State.

Originally, the expansion of the Legalism School was getting more and more intense. However, because the Dharma Saint had failed, they had lost a large amount of wealth and primordial treasures. They had also lost the North Star Force, which had been seized by Gu Chensha. This was equivalent to a blow to the Legalism School's head, causing them to be disoriented. As a result, the Legalism School's expansion had become much more restrained.

'The providence of this Law State is still alright, and the people's hearts have not been infiltrated by the Legalism School. The Common People Commander has advanced to the God level, and this is a huge deterrent to many people with ulterior motives.'

Gu Chensha strolled in the Law State City and discovered that the entire city was flourishing. Flying ships rose and fell in the sky, and there were many vehicles shuttling back and forth in the city. High-rise buildings were built one after another. More importantly, the population was bursting, and there were waves of people everywhere. Moreover, there were many children, and the birth rate was many times higher than ten years ago. This was also the benefit of the Celestial Tranquility Department's population policy.

Many years ago, in order to make the population of the Divine Continent explode and thus better resist the Devil Race, the Celestial Tranquility Department had set up the best welfare. As long as the clans had more children, they would be given great subsidies.

This way, every clan would do their best to give birth. Some small clans would even give birth to over ten children in order to obtain more subsidies.

This was not all. In the dynasties before the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, the infant mortality rate was also extremely high, but now, there were basically no deaths.

All the babies that were born, and even the pregnant women who had not yet been born, would receive special care. The imperial court would give out pills to protect the fetus, and there would be specialized doctors to take care of them. These were the main jobs of the Common People Commander.

Now that the Common People Commander had advanced to the God level, this job was even easier, and there would not be any loopholes.

Gu Chensha was very satisfied with this policy. Not to mention anything else, the newly born babies would gradually grow up, and this would inject new blood into the human race. Another point was that the reason why the newborns could be born and survive in the future was essentially because of the Celestial Tranquility Department.

In terms of karma and fate, all the newly born babies would be inexorably linked to the Celestial Tranquility Department. This was the power of the Celestial Tranquility Department.

Although as the population grew, the Celestial Tranquility Department would have to pay huge expenses to maintain this welfare, they could totally afford it. First, the World Tree of the Celestial Tranquility Department's manufacturing ability had greatly increased, and they could extract chaotic energy at any time to refine all sorts of resources.

Second, many of the commoner families had been cleaned up, and the tax system had been set up. Even if the Celestial Tranquility Department didn't produce resources and relied entirely on the taxes from the commoners and the Celestial Path, they would be able to make up for the expenses of this welfare. The second point was the most important.

The first point was to completely rely on the Celestial Tranquility Department's production to provide for the people. This was equivalent to treating the people as if they were being raised, and not managing them. If the way of ruling a country depended on this point, then it would basically be a failure.

This wasn't a long term plan, and it would also make the people more and more dependent, causing them to become more and more lazy, and lose the determination to be independent and strong.

The second point was to establish a perfect cycle within the people, allowing the people to produce taxes to provide for themselves, continuously expanding the cycle. This was the perfect way of ruling a country.

Now, Gu Chensha was cleaning up the noble families step by step, cleaning up the official system, developing manufacturing, farming, production, and so on. Basically, the wealth of the commoners had already been accumulated, and the amount was quite considerable.

However, Gu Chensha always felt that there were many imperfections that needed to be perfected one by one. The most ideal result was that even without the Commander of the People, the common people would still be able to take care of themselves. There would be no disputes, but everyone would be free and independent, and they would understand each other. There would be no resentment, only benevolence. This was the true unity of all living beings.

Between all living beings, they would understand each other, and their hearts would be one with each other.

If this could be achieved, then Gu Chensha's cultivation wouldn't have any bottlenecks at all. Whether it was the Deity level, the Saint level, or even the Empyrean level, the Heavenly Longevity Realm, or the Heavenly Origin Realm, he would be able to break through all of them.

However, for all living beings in the world to understand one another and be of one heart, that was even more difficult than destroying the universe.

"The changes in one's heart are higher than the Heavenly Dao. They are cunning and intelligent, and even the evolution of all living beings is born from the heart. The heart of all living beings is really deep and mysterious. If one can control the heart of all living beings, it would mean that one has the right to compete with the Heavenly Dao. This is the final move of the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique, the mysteries of all living beings being of one heart. I am slowly activating my cultivation to govern the country, and I feel a mysterious power gathering on my body from the depths of the void." Gu Chensha comprehended in his heart.

Governing a country and gaining the respect of all living beings would cause their hearts to give off a power. This power would buff the ruler's body, causing the ruler to obtain many benefits. For example, one's fate would increase, cultivation would increase. If it was a normal person, at most their lifespan would increase, but if it was a strong cultivator … The process of traveling the God Land was also a process of training the soul.

He was now at his biggest bottleneck. He just needed a little bit more and he would be able to break through the restrictions of the God Realm and reach the Dao Realm 30 Changes.

If he wanted to change his Heavenly Dao Technique to form a tiny world, it would be extremely difficult.

He came to Dharma State to observe the Dharma Saint's actions and the reactions of the legalist disciples. Secondly, he wanted to capture Fa Wuxian. Fa Wuxian was the reincarnation of an Endless Treasure, but he didn't know which treasure it was.

But even the weakest Endless Treasure was far stronger than other Xiantian treasures. Moreover, after the Endless Treasure absorbed the power of sacrifices, its true strength would be revealed. Fa Wuxian couldn't be allowed to grow, otherwise, he would be a problem.

There was also Jing Qiu. He was even more cunning than Fa Wuxian, so he would deal with Fa Wuxian first and then Jing Qiu.

It seemed like Fa Wuxian had the Dharma Saint protecting him, but in truth, Fa Wuxian was arrogant and wouldn't even listen to the Dharma Saint's words.

Gu Chensha even knew that if Fa Wuxian obtained the Endless Treasure, he definitely wouldn't return to the Legalist School. Instead, he would accumulate strength in the dark. Deep in his bones, Fa Wuxian didn't trust the Dharma Saint.

It was best if one's power came from oneself. Everyone else was just like clouds. This was what Fa Wuxian thought deep in his heart. Gu Chensha grasped this mentality and could deal a fatal blow to Fa Wuxian.

At this very moment, in a remote place, Fa Wuxian was cultivating. He was sitting in an extremely ordinary valley, and an umbrella appeared above his head. This umbrella spun continuously, protecting him. It was as if even the heavens could not do anything to him. Endless Umbrella. This was the Endless Life Treasure that Fa Wuxian obtained. Buzz

As he slowly cultivated, Fa Wuxian suddenly opened his eyes. With a thought, the umbrella shrank and entered the spot between his eyebrows.

(Important notice: Please use this site's free app. No ads, no errors, fast updates, members synchronized with the bookshelf. Please follow the official WeChat account.) Ggyy 12221 (hold down for three seconds to copy) Download the app!