Chapter 1127
============

There was nothing they could do.

Even with Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li's unparalleled strength, they were still helpless against Wen Hong. Not only were they unable to kill Wen Hong with a single attack, they even helped Wen Hong raise his cultivation level. This was indeed a very strange thing.

Any one of the six of them had the power to suppress and kill Wen Hong, but now that the six of them had joined forces, they actually could not kill Wen Hong. What was the reason for this?

"Everyone, you probably know an ancient saying. It goes like this: One monk carries water to eat, two monks carry water to eat, three monks have no water to eat. A snake can't do without a head. If there was a leader among the six of you, then you could unleash your full power. But you can't have a leader, because you are all protagonists in the future. You are people who occupy one or even countless Great Worlds. Countless eras belong to you, so none of you will submit to anyone, nor will you agree with each other's reasoning, nor will you listen to each other's words. On the surface, you may be united, but in reality, your powers are like water and fire. The power that one of you can unleash is even greater than that of the six of you working together.

The six of you working together may seem extremely ferocious, but unfortunately, your powers cannot fuse. You can find flaws in them and obtain power and opportunities from them, "Wen Hong roared.

"That's right. It's like if a powerful country attacks my country, I will definitely die. But if another powerful country attacks me, I can use the art of sowing discord to survive," Zhuge Ya said.

He could also sense that the powers of the six of them would not fuse with each other. Instead, they would clash with each other, devour each other, and attack each other. He could vaguely sense that the attributes of their powers were enemies with each other. He was also eager to try and find some opportunities to improve his cultivation level.

Lou Baiyue and Wen Hong had both cultivated to a lifespan of more than a hundred billion years. In fact, they were on the same level as Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li.

Of course, Lou Baiyue and Wen Hong couldn't be killed so easily. With the ability to escape and hide, it wouldn't be easy for any of the six to kill them. The current Zhuge Ya could be easily killed by the six of them. He had to advance. Lou Baiyue and Wen Hong also saw this and decided to think of a way to help Zhuge Ya advance.

"Let's fight back together." Lou Baiyue's thoughts were transmitted into the formation, reaching everyone's hearts.

In fact, everyone's thoughts were stirred. They naturally wanted to advance. Once they succeeded, at least their chances of survival would be much greater. The danger would also be much smaller, and they would be able to stand tall between heaven and earth.

In fact, no matter how strong a person's Fate Qi was, it was impossible for them to maintain it forever. They could die at any time. Only by continuously advancing could they survive. This was what it meant to be sailing against the current.

Ever since Gu Chensha set up the Lifespan Panel, the entire world was surging forward. Everyone had to fight for the top and swim against the current. Otherwise, they would be eliminated. No one could live in peace. In this world, there was no reincarnation.

When a person died, they were dead for good. There was no possibility of revival. Take Jin Suibo for example. He failed to ascend to the Undying state completely and died. Up till now, he still hadn't revived. That was because he couldn't. This was the rule of the world.

A long time ago, even if a Saint died, their imprints would be left in the world. If they met with a fortuitous encounter, they could be revived.

Some Saints would build their own families and offer sacrifices. The power of incense offerings would be gathered and exchanged with the Heaven's Will for some time for the Saint's revival.

Such a rule was actually the Heaven's Will harvesting the faith and spirit power of mortals to evolve itself.

In the ancient era, the era of the Endless Mainland, the Heaven's Will had already accumulated a huge amount of power. But right now, everything depended on one's own struggles. That was the difference in nature.

"Let's attack together and counterattack. Even though we're in an extremely dangerous situation right now, we've also seen through the flaws of these people. We can obtain the chance to survive in the face of danger. "

"This is the only chance for us to level up. Only these six people can help us level up. Under the pressure of their powers, we can rely on our own comprehensions and skills to break through the limits of life time and time again, reaching the most perfect state." The Longevity God said.

"That's right. Since that's the case, let us activate it and attack once more. Right now, our strength is many times stronger than before." Chang Weiyang was raring to go as well. She naturally wanted to reach the 100 billion lifespan.

Everyone present had walked out from the ancient era of the Endless Mainland. They had followed Gu Chensha for God knows how many years. All of them were used to the workings of the universe, the vicissitudes of life, and all the opportunities of the mortal world. Therefore, they had a clear plan for their own development, and knew that this was their only chance.

Everyone started activating it as the formation expanded furiously. To think that it would turn around and envelop the Indestructible Gate created by Zhou Qin, Wang Zao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li within it. The gate was about to be refined by the formation.

At the start, the formation that everyone had created wasn't all that strong. However, as Lou Baiyue and Wen Hong leveled up to the 100 billion lifespan, the formation started evolving on its own. At this moment, the formation had already reached a state where it was indestructible. BOOM!

The formation coiled in reverse and devoured the Indestructible Gate in a bid to refine it. Once it was refined, it wouldn't be as simple as just two leveling up. There might even be ten or even dozens of leveling up. By then, Zhou Qin, Wang Zao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li might truly be suppressed by this group of people.

"These damned existences! If not for the fact that our powers haven't reached the pinnacle yet, how could we have allowed you guys to remain here as clowns? We could have blown all of these ants into dust with a single breath!"

Zhou Qin's heart was filled with rage right now. However, there was nothing he could do about it. "In this era, it's impossible for us to recover our powers. That's because this era doesn't belong to us. This is the era of Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha is the one who has ruled over this era, causing him to be the highest existence in this era. There's no way for us to channel our powers through this era and be able to do as we please."

"That's right. Our actual powers aren't limited to this. However, because we're restricted by this era, we can't unleash our powers at all. In fact, we can't even unleash half of our powers. This is where things aren't going smoothly. Unless we break this virtual interface and suppress Gu Chensha, we'll be able to unleash 100% of our powers," Hong Yi said.

"Also, it's true that our powers are in conflict with each other."

Fang Han said, "When we unleash our powers individually, they're indeed very powerful. However, when we combine our powers, we cancel each other out at the most crucial moment. As long as we can find the point where we cancel each other out, we'll be able to use our powers to temper our bodies." "This group of people actually turned the tables on us."

A golden figure appeared in Yang Qi's body. This figure was like a supreme God of Domination, vast and perfect. He suddenly attacked again.

Because at this point, they had no choice but to attack. The other party had begun their counterattack, and they couldn't possibly escape. That would be too much of a failure. In fact, the words "retreat" and "escape" didn't even appear in their dictionary.

This was because they were the darlings of this era. They were even the ones who controlled the entire era. Everything they had could come out of thin air and was omnipotent.

Faced with this group of people's attacks, the six of them — Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li — wouldn't allow themselves to cower.

"Let's fight on our own. Don't join forces," Zhou Qin said, "lest our powers clash with each other." "That's right."

Jiang Li nodded, but deep in his heart, such a thought emerged. 'From the results of the battle just now, it's indeed difficult for us to defeat Gu Chensha. No matter how strong he is, it's useless. The only way is for the six of us to unite as one. Furthermore, it's not the kind where we join forces. Instead, we'll devour each other like breeding Gu worms. In the end, the strongest person will be the strongest person who has gathered the powers of the six of us. Only this strongest person's power will have a chance of defeating Gu Chensha. Unfortunately, I can't kill the other five and devour them.

This thought emerged in Jiang Li's heart. This thought also flashed in the minds of the other five people.

This wasn't because Wen Hong and Lou Baiyue were trying to sow discord. It was the truth. Zhou Qin and the others were indeed no match for Gu Chensha even though their strength had reached the peak. Unless they devoured each other, only then would they be able to compete with Gu Chensha.

Otherwise, if they remained stagnant at their current positions, they would be overtaken by others sooner or later.

For example, Qu Chen, who was currently in the Longevity Universe, and even Gu Xinjian, who had obtained his own body and finally become a human, all had a chance of surpassing them.

This was especially true for Gu Xinjian, who was extremely cunning. Ever since he obtained a new body in the past 100,000 years, he had disappeared without a trace. No one knew what he was doing, but it was certain that if he appeared again, it would shake the heavens and earth. The mighty torrents clashed with each other.

Finally, Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, Jiang Li, and Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, Zhuge Ya, and the others in the grand formation once again clashed. This time, the battle was no longer a game. It was a life and death battle. In the end, the six of them also activated their strongest techniques and began to attack.

In an instant, the void in this area was destroyed and reborn, reborn and destroyed again. In the blink of an eye, it could be destroyed and reborn millions of times.

"I've finally grasped the opportunity."

All of a sudden, Zhuge Ya's body emitted many rays of light. These rays of light condensed into many auspicious clouds, forming all kinds of golden lamps, canopies, treasured lotuses, and other treasures above his head. Each of these treasures was incomparably powerful, comparable to a peerless Immortal expert. He had also broken through and reached a lifespan of 100 billion.