Chapter 142
===========

When he heard the words Heaven Worship Decree, Gu Chensha was expressionless.

He had already cultivated to the third transformation and his Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique was even more exquisite. Sun and Moon Transformation also had many changes, allowing him to hide even deeper and many people found it hard to see through him.

This wasn't all. His King Dragon Armor also had the ability to hide his aura and energy changes. This was why many people found it hard to see what technique he cultivated.

Moreover, the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique had appeared in the Ancient Era and hadn't appeared in tens of thousands of years. Even if it was used, only gods would be able to recognize it.

"Which Prince is secretly worshipping the heavens?" Shi Zhongchan couldn't help but ask.

"This is a secret, but it is okay to tell all of you. It is the Seventh Prince." Luo Wu said, "The Legalists are plotting and can't be underestimated."

"My Seventh Brother's cultivation is high but he relies on resources. His talent can't even be considered a genius and is just above average."

Gu Chensha smiled and said, "Even if he uses all kinds of schemes, I'm afraid that he will only be helping Fa Wuxian." "Fa Wuxian is amazing."

Luo Wu sighed, "If you meet him in the future, you must be careful. Even the 72 Celestial Path Sects can't find his talent. There were a few Celestial Path Sects and Demon Path experts who wanted to capture him and take him as a disciple but he instantly killed them all."

"I've heard of him before, but I've never seen him in person. He didn't attend father's banquet, but I did see Brahma Ruyi." Gu Chensha thought back. "Brahma Ruyi's cultivation base is so profound that I can't see through him. Lei Tianhui is also really strong and if I fight him properly, I have no chance of winning at all. " "How can a Saint Aristocratic Family's disciple be weak?"

Luo Wu replied, "This place is pretty good. It's already comparable to my mountain sect. I can comprehend many things here. His Majesty ordered me to set up a school to recruit disciples. Since that's the case, I built one in the nearby mountains." "Then, I will send people to build it." Gu Chensha said right away.

"No need, I will build it myself."

Luo Wu smiled, "The Celestial Craft Institute can build such a place. My Celestial Dance Sect isn't bad either but I will need to borrow your Earth Veins." "That's not a problem."

Gu Chensha, on the other hand, was overjoyed. "If the Heavenly Dance Profound Sect builds a branch near here, I won't have to worry about anything."

The Heavenly Dance Mystical Gate was built in his fief. Not only could it attract merchants, but it could also form an offensive and defensive force. Even the Chaotic World Demonic Ape Temple would have to think twice.

Just as they were discussing, Xue Xiang of the Three Incense Sticks came to report, "Your Highness, someone from the school of Legalism is requesting an audience with Fairy Luo Wu." "People from the school of Legalism?"

Gu Chensha's brows twitched. "Fairy Luo Wu has just arrived at my place, and the legalists already know?" "Those from the school of Legalism are really persistent."

Luo Wu also frowned. "When I first came to see His Majesty, other than the Heng Clan, the Legalism Clan also looked for me. They hoped that I could set up a branch in the Seventh Prince's fief and cooperate with the Heavenly Dance Mystic Gate. I politely refused, but the Legalists forced their way over. I hope that Your Highness can block it for me. "

"No problem." Gu Chensha said, "Then I will go down and take a look. Fairy Luo Wu doesn't need to appear." "Many thanks, Your Highness." A grateful expression appeared on Luo Wu's face.

"Elder Brother, you stay here with Fairy Luo Wu. I will go down and take a look at the legalists," Gu Chensha said.

As they spoke, he brought Yi Ming downstairs and went to the reception hall. There, he saw Si Xiang and Xue Xiang entertaining a young man.

This young man had a cold expression and seemed unapproachable. From afar, he looked ordinary, but when one got closer, one would feel that he had wisdom that surpassed the mortal world.

"Master, he is Fa Wuxian." Suddenly, Yi Ming's body tensed up.

"It's actually Fa Wuxian."

Gu Chensha was also extremely shocked. This person's reputation was like thunder to the ears. There were rumors that he was a natural-born saint. Who would have thought that he was actually this ordinary-looking young man? He cupped his hands and was about to speak.

That Fa Wuxian opened his mouth. "Gu Chensha, you don't need to say anything. Luo Wu was talking to you just now. Tell her to come out. You don't have the right to talk to me. " His words weren't polite at all and were basically a form of provocation. Gu Chensha was slightly furious.

"Bold, you actually dare to speak to His Highness like that." Yi Ming couldn't take it and stepped forwards.

"What?"

Fa Wuxian didn't even look at Yi Ming. He waved his sleeves, "I let you live in the past and you still dare to speak to me like that?

That wave was formless and invisible, but the power seemed to pass through space, ignoring all distance and arriving in front of Yi Ming. Peng! Yi Ming used Xiantian Energy but he was unable to block that strike.

All the Xiantian Energy that he gathered was crushed. He flew hundreds of feet back and smashed into the wall. He then spat out fresh blood.

With his Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Body cultivation, he was actually badly injured by one strike from Fa Wuxian. Kacha kacha!

Gu Chensha's King Dragon Armor and Demon Descending Blade were already in his hands. He immediately rushed to Yi Ming's side, "Yi Ming, are you okay?"

"Master, we can't fight this person. Even if we gather all our experts, we won't be able to handle him. Report this to the Imperial Court." Yi Ming climbed up and his Glass Body had actually cracked.

"It is good that you know."

Fa Wuxian stood up and clasped his hands behind his back. "Gu Chensha, I heard that you've been doing quite well recently. Even Old Seven has been suppressed by you. Now, you're going to recruit the Baoyu Nation from overseas, and you're going to contact the Immortal Dao with Lou Baiyue. I thought that you've grown three heads and six arms. This armor and sword are not bad. They can actually absorb spiritual energy and have a spirit. It's a pity that they fell into your hands.

"Fa Wuxian, you dare to attack here?"

A red shadow flashed and Luo Wu appeared in front of Gu Chensha, "I didn't expect you to be so lawless." "Luo Wu, I am here to invite your Heaven Dance Mysterious Sect to open a branch in Seventh's land."

Fa Wuxian's tone was really calm, "The Legalists invited you many times but you didn't give them face. Since that is the case, then I can only come personally." "You are inviting me? Do you know that you are breaking the Great Eternal Law by attacking people in the Duke Manor? "

Gu Chensha took out a Purple Blood Life Returning Pill and passed it to Yi Ming. Killing intent rose up in his heart as this was the first time he had seen such an arrogant person.

Now that the Yongchō was suppressing the world, even Celestial Path Mysterious Sect had to obey the laws and follow the orders of the Imperial Court, this Fa Wuxian actually dared to do so.

"The laws?"

Fa Wuxian laughed coldly, "If I didn't respect the laws, your subordinate would have died a long time ago. Although this castle of yours has some formations and mysteries, in my eyes, it is still paper. Gu Hengsha said that he lost something in his manor and asked me to help him look for it. If I can verify certain things …" As he spoke, he changed the topic, "Luo Wu, come with me."

"Fa Wuxian, I think you are too arrogant," Luo Wu said indifferently, "I have already made up my mind to build a branch in Duke Chen's land."

"Very well, I just came to ask you personally. Since you won't give me face, then I will forcefully take you away." Fa Wuxian extended his hand.

"Fa Wuxian, are you trying to test my cultivation?" Luo Wu's expression was as cold as frost. "Do you really think you are a natural saint?" "You speak too much nonsense." Before Fa Wuxian finished, he was already in front of Luo Wu.

Luo Wu's entire body danced gracefully. Her every movement was like a demonic dance. Gu Chensha couldn't see what she was doing at all.

Fa Wuxian's cultivation was even more terrifying. He didn't even use any Xiantian Earth Energy and just used his flesh and blood palm to easily tear apart all of Luo Wu's Xiantian Earth Energy.

"Wind and Cloud Dance."

Who knew what technique Luo Wu used? Wind and clouds surged around her. Her arms danced and blocked Fa Wuxian's strike.

"Kill!" Gu Chensha finally grabbed the chance and slashed.

The sword was still crooked like a kid who had just learned how to write. He couldn't even hold the brush properly and scribbled on the white paper. Humble Sword.

The King Dragon Armor and Demon Descending Blade merged with the Ancient God Dragon Scales and were really strong. Gu Chensha himself also broke through to Dao Realm Transformation Three and his strength increased. He read all sorts of books and deduced martial arts to build a really firm foundation. His Clumsy Fist improved once more.

One could say that with the Demon Descending Blade and King Dragon Armor, even the Glass Jade Body might not be able to block it. The hilariously clumsy sword was already in front of Fa Wuxian. Fa Wuxian reached out with his finger and casually tapped. Peng!

Gu Chensha's sword and armor exploded at the same time and gave out a tragic cry. They scattered into many runes that formed an energy current that couldn't be gathered at all.

Just this point alone was enough for Fa Wuxian to nearly scatter the King Dragon Armor and Demon Descending Blade's spirit.

"I will help you compensate Gu Hengsha with these two items." Fa Wuxian grabbed once more and actually wanted to take the King Dragon Armor and Demon Descending Blade. But at that moment, a person appeared beside him. Shi Zhongchan's fist had arrived. Shi Zhongchan's fist was really simple and it was like a meteor falling from the sky. Fa Wuxian's hand turned and he slapped. Shi Zhongchan was forced back and he spat out a mouthful of fresh blood.

"If not for Dashi Marquis, I would have ripped you into pieces." Fa Wuxian continued to grab Luo Wu, King Dragon Armor, and Demon Descending Blade.

Luo Wu's sleeves spread out and she pushed aside Fa Wuxian's palm. She was actually able to block it.

"Sky Dance Mystic Sect's top disciple does have some skill. Unfortunately, this is all. "Fa Wuxian was expressionless as he pointed out once more. That finger was like a god's stroke that added the finishing touch. Peng! Luo Wu's Xiantian Earth Energy started to leak out uncontrollably. Her sleeves were blown to smithereens by the rampaging energy.

Yi Ming, Shi Zhongchan, Luo Wu, and Gu Chensha could not last more than three moves against Fa Wuxian.

Moreover, Fa Wuxian seemed relaxed and at ease. It seemed like he was only using twenty to thirty percent of his strength.

"Fa Wuxian, it seems like you are determined to go against the Sky Dance Mystic Sect." Luo Wu stood at the front and let Gu Chensha recover.

"How can you say that? Let's spar. "

Fa Wuxian said calmly, "Empress Fa told me to let me see the talents of the world. It's useless even if you guys report this to the imperial court."

"Fa Wuxian, it seems like you're still afraid of His Majesty. You haven't truly reached the realm of fearlessness. From this, it seems like there are flaws in your martial arts." At that moment, a voice was heard. Accompanying the voice was a palm that floated in the sky.