Chapter 354
===========

The Jing Province was extremely rich and had not encountered war for more than a hundred years. Before the Yong Dynasty unified the world, this Jing Province was called the Jing Country and established a country.

A few decades ago, the land was divided, with hundreds of countries fighting each other and the people living in poverty. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor appeared and conquered hundreds of countries.

However, the State of Jing was the first to submit to Yongchō, and did not have to go through the bitter battles.

The Jing Clan was the royal family at that time, and because they were the first to submit to Yongchō, they received many benefits. All of this was caused by Jing Qiu.

Looking at Jing Province's hundred years of development, it could be said that those who were good at fighting had no illustrious achievements.

The moment Gu Chensha arrived at Jing Province, he noticed that the people here were studying, practicing martial arts, researching, and creating new things. Everyone was in full swing.

Even in the fields, there were machines produced by the Celestial Designer Institution plowing, planting, and harvesting.

Looking at the whole Jingzhou from the sky, Gu Dusha found that the mountains, water, and fields were in good order, unlike other provinces where the fields were scattered in the hills and mountains, which was not conducive to large-scale farming.

This was obviously a place that had been slowly developed by someone with great power. Over the years, some of the mountains were leveled, and some of the rivers were opened up to build cities and roads.

Jing Province's scenery was picturesque, and walking here was like walking in the idyllic countryside.

When there was a main road, it was a wide stone and mud road, wide enough for ten carriages to travel side by side. In some smaller areas, there were small bridges and flowing streams everywhere, winding and winding. Houses were built on the sides, and women were washing clothes in the stream, talking and laughing freely, without any negative emotions.

"Jing Province's luck is peaceful, peaceful, and simple. It's really amazing."

As Gu Chensha observed, he thought to himself, "I've looked up Jing Province's official examinations, and its taxes have always been in the top ten. Its public security is the best, and there are basically no robberies, murders, or disputes. No one closes their doors at night, and no one picks up their belongings. I thought it was an exaggeration, but now it seems like it's even worse."

Jing Zhou was indeed well governed. The current governor of Jing Zhou was called Han Wuqin. He was not a member of the Jing family, but he had gotten along well with the Jing family over the years. Without the help of the Jing family, Jing Zhou could not have been governed so well.

Gu Chensha casually disguised himself as a traveling scholar, but he changed his identity. He was no longer Chen Gong, but Liu Han. He was also the son of a merchant near the capital. His family was worth millions, and he could be considered a millionaire. He was also a martial arts master.

It was already the twenty-first year of the Heavenly Talisman. The world was at peace, and materials were plentiful. Even medicinal pills that could cleanse one's body, such as the Peiyuan Pill and the Vitality Pill, could be bought from any trading company.

Gu Chensha strolled into Jingzhou City and found that there was no high city wall in the city. The people outside could enter at will, and there were no soldiers to check.

The planning of the whole city was more orderly and orderly. There were no slums or beggars. Everyone was well-dressed and polite. Even some martial arts figures and Jianghu heroes who came to Jingzhou were affected by the atmosphere here. They were also careful and became cautious. No one dared to make trouble. From this point alone, it could be said that this place was a manifestation of the great rule of the world.

However, many Jianghu heroes knew that it was basically impossible to escape from making trouble in Jingzhou.

There were many masters in the Six Fan School in Jingzhou. Once they took action, they were like thunder and lightning, like a storm. No one knew how many thieves and demons had been caught over the years. What was Gu Chensha's cultivation at this time?

He had long seen that although the people of Jingzhou were polite, they also contained the majesty of killing. Otherwise, it was impossible to make a state so ruled by etiquette alone.

As soon as Gu Chensha entered Jingzhou City, he was greeted by a huge sign erected on the side of the road. There was a notice written on the sign, which said, "Many new goods have arrived at the Jingzhou Trading Company of the Jingzhou branch of the Jingzhou branch of the Jingzhou branch …"

"The trading company of the Jingzhou branch of the Jingzhou branch has actually opened here. It seems that Long Yuyun, Cold Jade Dew, and my godson, Bao Ming 'er, have done a good job."

Gu Chensha knew that the business of the Jingzhou branch was managed by these people. He himself did not manage it much.

The Jingzhou branch had its own division of labor. Jin Suibo was responsible for contacting the Immortal Dao, The Fourth was responsible for handling relations with the imperial court, Lou Baiyue was in charge of everything, and Zhuge Ya was in charge of planning and acting as a military adviser.

Liu Yu and the others led the troops into battle. As for Long Zaifei, Lou Huaiyue, and the others, they recruited talents internally.

Gu Chensha was in charge of supervising the world. He traveled everywhere and dealt with all kinds of external affairs.

Although he did not participate in the internal management of the Jingzhou branch, he still contributed a lot. Not to mention anything else, he was the one who found Zhuge Ya in Lang Province.

He also suppressed the Demon Domain and resolved the danger of the Demon Race's invasion. He planted the Heavenly Demon Tree so that the Demon Race did not dare to come.

Although the Heavenly Demon Tree had been transplanted into the Life's Wish sphere, the Demon Race could come out again. However, they were already scared out of their wits. Moreover, the Life's Wish sphere had already been refined, so it could break through space and time and teleport at any time. Moreover, Liu Yu and the others were fighting near the altar in the Demon Domain underground, so they could kill many Demon Race.

The bloodline of the God of Five Seasons in these five people's bodies was gradually awakened, so their cultivation would become higher and higher. With the support of the Life's Wish sphere, there should not be any danger and they could even improve greatly.

The Jingzhou branch of the Jingzhou branch of the Jingzhou branch was located on the same street as the Jingzhou Governor's office. The entire branch occupied a thousand acres of land and had thirteen floors. It was majestic and imposing, and it was practically the tallest building in Jingzhou. The Department of Tranquil Immortals truly had this kind of boldness.

As the official chamber of commerce, the Tranquil Fairy Department was gradually catching up with the Heaven Palace Sect. Gu Chensha believed that Zhuge Ya would do better step by step. The Heavenly Craftsman Institute was overseen by the Ghost Axe and the Heaven Craftsman Institute. The two old antiques, who were equivalent to the realm of gods, were not as qualified as Zhuge Ya.

Gu Chensha walked into the shop of his merchant association, and there were two manservants standing at the door. Their eyes were bright and full of expression, and they were neither servile nor overbearing. When they saw Gu Chensha enter, they immediately went up and said, "This scholar, what do you want to buy?"

The main hall of the Chamber of Commerce was also filled with a dazzling array of treasures. Thousands of medicinal pills were placed in large glass cabinets, all of them labeled with various medicinal properties, usage methods, and taboos. It was extremely detailed.

In addition, there were sabers, swords, bows, crossbows, fire talisman spears, jade stones, and talismans.

Many people were watching in the main hall. There were Jianghu heroes, people from the martial arts world, and rich and powerful families. But most of them were scholars like Gu Chensha.

Yongchō was a popular place to study. Ever since the Great Emperor of the Heavenly Talisman used the state's finances to establish educational institutions everywhere and made it mandatory for children to study and practice martial arts, the culture of civil and military affairs in the world had flourished tenfold.

The Imperial Examination had also gradually begun to reform. Not only had the number of places been greatly increased, but many restrictions had also been relaxed.

In this way, the number of scholars in the world had also increased. However, the privileges of scholars had been greatly reduced in the first year of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's reign, and they still had to pay taxes. However, scholars were officials, so they had some privileges that hadn't changed. Generous gifts, false wealth. This was the policy of the imperial court toward scholars.

"I want this set of Star Soldier Armor. You can calculate the bill."

A rich and imposing scholar with a beautiful woman pointed at a set of armor and asked the staff of the Chamber of Commerce of the Tranquil Fairy Department to take it out for him.

When this set of armor was folded, it was as thin as a ball of light muslin. It had soft starlight, but when it was unfolded, it would immediately wrap around the entire body. It was like the Horned Flood Dragon Armor, impervious to water and fire, and impenetrable by blades and swords. Moreover, it had the strength of four bulls.

This Star Soldier Armor was forged by the Tranquil Fairy Department. They used the essence of five metals and jade stones to draw upon the power of the stars. After drawing runes, it was brewed in the Buzhou Palace.

The Star Soldier Armor had the same function as the Horned Flood Dragon Armor. However, its style was better looking and more sturdy.

Other than that, there were also Star General Armor, Star Marshal Armor, Star King Armor, Star Sovereign Armor, Star Emperor Armor, and Star Divinity Armor.

However, the Tranquil Fairy Department didn't forge the Star Divinity Armor for the later Star Emperor Armor.

Once this armor appeared, its sales were huge, and it immediately surpassed the Tranquil Fairy Department's.

"I want that Star Soldier Sword and the Light Body Talisman."

At this moment, there were scholars buying it wantonly. The Star Soldier Sword was also able to cut through metal like mud. It had the power to break through devils, and it could even drive ghosts and slay demons. If there were people who had cultivated to the Dao Realm, they could absorb spiritual qi and pour it into the sword, and they could even fly out to kill their enemies before flying back. This was already close to the profoundness of a flying sword.

And the Light Body Talisman was a talisman. After it was shot out, it would transform into a stream of air that revolved around the body, greatly reducing the weight of the body. Ordinary people would be able to immediately leap onto walls and walk on snow without leaving a trace. However, the effect would only last for tens of breaths.

Of course, regardless of whether it was the Star Soldier Armor or the Star Soldier Sword, they were both extremely expensive. The Light Body Talisman was a consumable item, so its price was slightly cheaper. However, it still wasn't something that ordinary people or even country lords could afford. Other than these pieces of equipment, the best selling item was naturally the pills.

"Give me three Minor Star Restorative Pills." Some people who were dressed like country gentlemen and landlords were carefully calculating the number of pills they needed to buy.

The Minor Star Return Pill was also refined by the Calm Celestial Department. It was made by gathering all sorts of herbs from the wilderness and using the power of the stars to refine it in the Common People's Wish Sphere. This was also the ability of the Buzhou Palace.

This pill could clear up one's meridians, strengthen one's physical body, solidify one's foundation, and refine one's bones. As long as one consumed one every seven days and cultivated hard, within three years, one would definitely become a martial arts grandmaster. Apart from that, there was also the Great Star Return Pill.

This pill was really precious. One could raise one's talent to above average. With such talent, one would have a chance to step into the Dao Realm.

Gu Chensha cultivated the Dragon Gate and could refine the Dragon Nurturing Energy to turn one into a genius. Now that the Dragon Gate had become a part of the Common People's Wish Sphere, it was even more mysterious.

The Dragon Nurturing Energy that was produced was slightly diluted and turned into the Great Star Return Pill, raising one's talent to above average. It didn't take much energy at all.

However, this pill was different from the Tiger Wolf Pill. The Tiger Wolf Pill directly raised one's talent. Not only would it change one's personality, but it would also immediately give one the strength of a tiger wolf. The Great Star Return Pill, on the other hand, could only improve one's talent. One still needed to work hard to obtain strength.

The Star Soldier Armor, Star Soldier Sword, and Minor Star Return Pill were the main products of the Calm Celestial Department. They were already very popular both at home and abroad. Gu Chensha walked one round in the hall before heading upstairs.

The things sold upstairs were even more precious. There were even Experience Memory Talismans of cultivators.