Chapter 595
===========

The Dharma Image Realm of the Legalism School handed over their Dharma Treasures, Fa Wuxian, Fan Bai, and Wu Pogong submitted to the Calming Immortal Department. However, there were still the Yun Family, Wen Family, Hong Family, and the Jun Family. Gu Chensha would definitely not let them off.

"The four of you, pay your fines." Gu Chensha opened his palm.

Yun Feixi's face contorted, but he had no choice. He had already sent his will to the Yun Family. After a dozen breaths, he took out a gourd. Within it, raging waves and turbulent geomancy could be vaguely seen.

"Not bad. This Hurricane Gourd is a treasure refined by the Great Sage Sky Roc of the Demon Race. Once it is released, a divine wind will surge and tear space apart. It has the power to destroy a continent. One of your Yun Family ancestors befriended the Great Sage Sky Roc.

This is a primordial treasure, an ancient divine artifact. You may leave. "Gu Chensha took the gourd and waved his hand. The Wen Family took out a brush.

"The Splendid Bamboo Brush that Sage Wen used to write his essays. This will do too." Gu Chensha let Wen Chidan leave as well.

The Hong Family took out a fist-sized cauldron. Black water seemed to be boiling within it. It was the Three Thousand Weak Water Cauldron refined by the Black Emperor. Gu Chensha inspected it again and let the Hong Ardent Pavilion leave as well.

In the end, the Jun Family took out a war saber. This war saber was sealed in a bronze scabbard. Once it was unsheathed, thousands of soldiers and horses appeared from within.

"Ten Thousand Army Saber.

Not bad. This is also a Dharma Treasure refined by a War Saint. "Gu Chensha let Jun Wanchou leave as well.

Even Xuan An obediently took out a fan. The fan was covered with carvings of mountains. It was the "Hundred Mountains Fan", created by an ancient Saint. Then, he looked at Gu Tanjian. Without saying a word, he waved his hand.

Gu Tanjian's expression changed. A stream of air rushed out of his body. It was also a gourd. The gourd was filled with the Qi of the Holy Dragon.

"My Sacred Dragon Blessing!" Gu Tanjian almost pounced forward, but he held back. His heart was bleeding.

Gu Chensha had been drooling over this sacred dragon blessing for a long time. Now, he finally seized the opportunity to force Gu Zingjian to obtain this gourd's sacred dragon blessing.

Now that he had obtained the Blessing of the Holy Dragon, it was perfect. Gu Chensha's cultivation had improved and reached the realm of multitasking. If he deduced the Blessing of the Holy Dragon again, he could obtain more secrets of the Holy Dragon Mental Cultivation Method.

With the help of Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Magic and his Minor Chiliocosm, Gu Chensha estimated that he could turn seven people into Innate Sages.

One had to know that now that Gu Chensha had devoured the Desolate Dragon Gate talisman and fused it with his body, he could transform into the Desolate Dragon Gate and imitate some of its secrets. By using his Heavenly Dao Magic to nurture the Sacred Dragon Blessing, he should be able to strengthen the Sacred Dragon Blessing.

If Liu Yu's group of five, Long Zaifei, and Lou Huaiyue all transformed into Innate Sages, how powerful would the Calming Immortal Bureau be?

Facing an unprecedented calamity, the gathering of these talents would definitely be able to protect the world and deal with the worst case scenario. Hence, right now, Gu Chensha was going to plunder and plunder at all costs.

"Done."

After doing all this, Gu Chensha didn't act against the Crown Prince and Wu Dangkong. These two needed to be deposed by the Emperor himself. They weren't within his control. He knew that the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had a reason for appointing them.

"Iron Blood Marquis, go do your thing. No one will dare to obstruct you anymore."

Lou Baiyue said, "Cooperate with the Calming Immortal Bureau and seize the National Fortune Party, Hongyun Games, Sun Moon Bureau, and Clear Sky Trade Union!" "Yes, your subordinate will do it immediately." The Iron Blood Marquis cupped his fists. At this moment, Lou Baiyue represented the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor.

"The imperial court is at peace."

Gu Chensha ignored the ugly expressions of Wu Dangkong and the Crown Prince. Instead, he said to Gu Huansha, "Royal Sister, do you think we can discuss our cooperation now?"

"Your Calming Immortal Bureau has shown your might in the imperial court today, obtaining so many treasures. This is worthy of celebration. However, the imperial court has offended all the aristocratic families in the world. The aristocratic families will definitely launch a counterattack. This will result in a devil calamity from the outside, a rebellion from within, and the invasion of the Heavenly Yellow Dragon Emperor at any time. Other than that, the Mystic Immortal Dao Sect will definitely not let you off. The three Heavenly Venerables are about to return and cultivate their divine arts to perfection. When that time comes, your Calming Immortal Bureau will inevitably fall and be divided."

Maha Sui spoke, "If the Calming Immortal Bureau can share some of the treasures with us, our Maha Clan can join forces with you."

"Sorry, we're not familiar with the Maha Clan. Moreover, the Maha Clan is called the Eternal Devil Clan. They're also a member of the demon race. Our Calming Immortal Bureau will not believe you."

Gu Chensha directly refused. Instead, he said to Chang Weiyang and Taixuan, "Our Calming Immortal Bureau has already formed an alliance with the Taiyi Mystic Sect and the Cosmos Mystic Sect. The next step is to destroy the Crimson Sky Mystic Sect and the Nine Swords Mystic Sect."

This time, two major figures from the Mystic Immortal Dao Sect had come. Xiao Donglai of the Crimson Sky Mystic Sect had already been captured and crippled. The talisman formed from his essence, qi, and spirit had already been integrated into the Azure Dragon Pagoda in the Small Divine Province.

The Nine Swords Mystic Sect did not send a god-level expert. Only a figure with an "undying body" of 25 changes had come. He was still hiding among the guards behind Wu Dangkong. Even Gu Chensha did not ask for anything from him. This was because such a small figure could be killed casually. There was no need to speak to him.

Now that the cultivator from the Nine Swords Mystic Sect heard that the Calming Immortal Bureau was going to join forces with the Cosmos Mystic Sect and the Taiyi Mystic Sect to destroy the Crimson Sky Mystic Sect and the Nine Swords Mystic Sect, he was so scared that he fell to the ground with a plop. Many officials turned to look at him.

He picked himself up and knelt on the ground. "This lowly one, Sword Voidness, does not know the might of the imperial court. I'm willing to join the Calming Immortal Bureau." "Take him away for training."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. Instantly, a marshal of the imperial court appeared out of thin air, grabbed Sword Voidness, and took him away. Many people's hairs stood on end. Common People's Commander was just too strong.

After this little interlude, Gu Chensha said to Gu Huan Sha, "This time, we've confiscated the Sun and Moon Bureau, the Clear Skies Chamber of Commerce, the National Fortune Party, and the Hongyun Games. Put all of their assets into the national treasury. It will definitely make up for the losses of the national treasury. Our Calming Immortal Bureau will provide a large amount of resources for the three-piece human-dragon set. How about it?" "Sure, Maha Suisui and Maha Linfeng will be in charge of this matter."

Gu Huan Sha said, "The Maha Family is human, but the demon race calls them the Sovereign Demon Race. Actually, you know in your heart that the responsibility of the Maha Family for generations is to suppress the demon race, to prevent them from wreaking havoc in the human world. This time, the Maha Family will stand on the side of the human world. " "I will let Zhuge Ya come into contact with all of you."

Gu Chensha nodded his head, "The matter of the national treasury is a small matter. Let's end the meeting here. Officials, go back and tell the people that there is no need to panic. At the same time, train the troops and mobilize the strength of the people to maintain order. The 99 states have the marshal patrolling and our Calming Immortal Bureau monitoring the world. The demon race won't be able to do anything!" "We obey King's orders!" All the governors bowed and left.

"The two of you, thank you for holding the line this time."

Gu Chensha said to Chang Weiyang and Tai Xuan, "This isn't a place to talk. Why don't we head into our Common People's Wish ball to observe?"

"That's good, your ball has become a medium-grade world. We want to study it from within." Chang Weiyang nodded her head. Gu Chensha tore open a tunnel in the air and the three of them left the hall just like that.

Lou Baiyue and The Fourth would deal with the matters in the hall. It was better than doing it himself. Sou! The three of them entered the Common People's Wish ball.

The entire ball had become a medium-grade world. This was completely different from a small-grade world. The inside of the world was extremely real. Countless celestial bodies rotated in different space-time. The ground beneath their feet grew endlessly, and the surrounding space was stacked in layers. Each space had a different world. There were mountains and rivers inside, and the atmosphere was completely different.

A god-level expert's dust world could give birth to mountains, rivers, and all sorts of living beings.

And a thousand dust worlds were equivalent to a small-grade world. When they evolved into a small-grade world, they would form all sorts of spatial faults. Each fault was like a dust world that wriggled with each other. Large amounts of power would enter from the depths of space-time.

If a dust world was a small shrimp in the space-time turbulence, then a small-grade world would be a giant shark. But compared to a medium-grade world, it was just a small thing.

Gu Chensha also felt that a medium-grade world was extremely vast. Even though he was the creator, he needed a long time to use his Divine Sense to scan through the entire medium-grade world.

In the secular world, he was a super rich person. He controlled many banks, farms, manors, and shops. Even his own wealth couldn't be looked at.

"Impressive."

Chang Weiyang's Divine Sense swept over. After a long while, she clapped her hands. "A medium-grade world is really mysterious. At this moment, I finally know how to transform it.

I really can't imagine that a god-level expert like Jingxian Department could transform a small-grade world into a medium-grade world. " "Actually, it's because we absorbed Jiang Gongwang's World-burying Coffin."

Gu Chensha said, "Then, with the help of the Demon Disaster, we can use the Primeval Dragon Gate talisman as the conversion point. This is equivalent to dozens of races of the Demon Race, many Demon Gods, and Demon Saints helping us to condense it. It is equivalent to us transplanting flowers onto trees, moving the stars to the extreme. Just like what someone said in ancient times, give me a fulcrum and a long enough lever, and I can move a mountain."

"It's indeed done to the extreme. Finally, the Martial Emperor's Heart of Deviant Number played a key role in it." Tai Xuandu was also observing carefully. "What about the Taiyi Pearl of our Taiyi Fantasy Sect? Did it also integrate into it? "