Chapter 1041
============

The Universe Moves In the blink of an eye, Fa Wuxian had reached the ninth level of the Imperishable level.

This realm was so mysterious that there were only two existences in the world, one was Gu Chensha and the other was that terrifying thing. Apart from them, no matter how hard others cultivated, they couldn't reach this realm. Even Gu Huasha, who thought that he swallowed the Emperor Of Heaven's pill, was far from it.

To reach Undying Level 9, the Supreme Undying Realm, wasn't something that could be achieved with just hard work. Even if he had cultivated to the Heavenly Dao Realm, he was still just a slightly larger ant.

Because right now, universes were being born in the human world. Although there were big and small universes, theoretically speaking, each universe had a chance to give birth to a Heaven Dao Realm expert. Because of this, millions of Heaven Dao Realm experts would appear in the future.

Not to mention, in the new world, there would be countless Heaven Dao Realm experts. However, these experts basically couldn't reach the Supreme Undying Realm.

The Supreme Undying Realm was basically on a different level from the Heaven Dao. It was like a person who had reached Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence Realm fighting someone who was still in the Physical Body Realm.

From Dao Realm 1 to 19 changes, no matter how strong one was, it was still the Physical Body. But once one reached 20 changes, the Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence Realm would become magical power that could travel freely and become Qi. Then, the Physical Body wouldn't be able to win.

Of course, once one reached the Supreme Undying Realm, one wouldn't be able to kill all Heaven Dao Realm experts. No matter how many Heaven Dao Realm experts worked together, they still wouldn't be a match.

Actually, Gu Chensha had built the new world and had Lou Baiyue and the others reach the Heaven Dao Realm. Although they couldn't defeat the Supreme Undying Realm experts, they could block the attacks of the Supreme Undying Realm experts for a long time, which would buy him time to save them. And now, the New World couldn't be invaded by the Supreme Undying Realm experts.

Mister Wuwu, Mister Wuxin, Mister Wuwei, Mister Wuxiang, and the others could only think of ways to attack from the outside. It was impossible for them to infiltrate and stir up trouble.

This was also the reason why Gu Chensha built the new world. It was like a tortoise shell, making it hard for these people to bite. At the same time, he would use the new world as a foundation to expand in all directions, gradually expanding it. This would cause all living beings in the world to gradually cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, accepting their ideals, thoughts, and karma. That way, Mister Wu Wu and the others would not have the resources to feed them, and would eventually be weakened and destroyed. This was akin to boiling a frog in warm water, causing them to unknowingly fall into a desperate situation.

This was an overt plot. However, Mister Annul also knew of his predicament and they were trying to think of a way to deal with it.

They were helpless against the New World, but as the New World continued to create more universes, if they could rope in the people of these universes and accept the ideals of the Old World, then Mister None and the others would be able to obtain a lot of resources to strengthen themselves and produce more experts. Of course, anyone who accepted the ideals of Mister Annul would be devoured sooner or later.

This was something Gu Chensha knew, but there were many people in the world who refused to come to their senses. Even if some of the living beings were created by Gu Chensha, these living beings still accepted the ideals of Mister Annul and the others.

It was like how parents would give birth to an unfilial son. If the son did not listen to his parents and wanted to walk the path of death, the parents would not be able to do anything about it. Gu Chensha was only doing his best to change things.

Even with Gu Chensha's cultivation, it was impossible for all living beings to be of the same mind as him and walk on the right path. However, as the new world was established and slowly managed, more and more people would accept the new world's ideals. These people would eventually snowball and eventually occupy all the worlds. At that time, it would be the time for the countless universes in the world to be completely changed.

"All of you must die!"

Fa Wuxian unleashed the power of the Undying level, which swept out toward The Fourth, Zhang Ziran, and the other Progenitors. The Fourth was shocked, and used all of his power to clash with Fa Wuxian. RUMBLE!

The Fourth's body was shattered, but he soon reformed. Although he looked dispirited, he was still alive.

"Everyone, let's join forces. Don't be afraid. Fa Wuxian's Invincible Imperishable level isn't actually very profound. He's intermittent, and not truly Invincible Imperishable. Sometimes he's Invincible Imperishable, and sometimes he's not. Clearly, he's in a very contradictory state." The Fourth roared, "That's why we can refine him and turn him into a weapon or a magical treasure!" RUMBLE! With Number Four doing this, it boosted all of the Ancestor Realm experts' confidence. Immediately, all the Progenitors used their power to form a great formation to suppress Fa Wuxian.

"You ants! Just wait until I reach the Invincible Imperishable level, and you'll all die. You think you can fight me? In front of me, you are all animals. "Fa Wuxian was furious, and his power increased.

At this time, the universe's origin in the Starry River Cosmos knew that it was about to be destroyed, and immediately launched a peerless counterattack. Wu wu wu wu … The sound of ghosts crying and gods howling resounded.

In the battlefield of the Starry River Cosmos, the army led by the Son of the Heavenly Dao saw more and more Devourers, and his expression changed.

"Your Majesty, the army of Devourers is increasing in number, and they're getting fiercer and fiercer. All of a sudden, the army of Devourers is a hundred times stronger, and we're losing ground again and again. Is our universe going to be destroyed? "

The Son of the Heavenly Dao's name was Tang Bei. He was the prince of a planetary empire, and became the Son of the Universe. For thousands of years, he led the army to fight against the Devourers.

In the Starry River Cosmos, planets and galaxies were occupied by the Devourers, and the universe was in danger.

In the moment of crisis, the Son of the Heavenly Dao suddenly discovered that the Devourers had become dozens of times stronger in the blink of an eye. How could they fight?

"Heavens, is our universe going to be destroyed? I curse, I curse these Devourers, the Devourer Ancestor behind the scenes. If I have the chance, I will definitely kill the Devourer Ancestor! "

The Son of the Heavenly Dao Tang Bei's cultivation was very strong, but he hadn't reached the Heavenly Dao level, and was only a peak Progenitor.

The moment he swore, the entire Starry River Cosmos's Heavenly Dao erupted, and in the blink of an eye, all of its power was poured into Tang Bei's body. Tang Bei's power immediately increased. RUMBLE!

He reached the true Heavenly Dao level, and he was much stronger than the Emperor Of Heaven in the past. He brandished the sword in his hand. Whoosh!

The sword Qi pierced through countless galaxies and reached the edge of the universe. It was unknown how many Devourers were completely destroyed by this sword, and the Devourers killed by the sword Qi merged with the origin of the universe, causing many planets in the universe to be born, and in this way, the time of the universe's destruction was delayed.

"Despicable ant!"

Fa Wuxian felt that the Milky Way and Universe in his body seemed to be retaliating, and he was enraged once again. "This is your last retaliation. Since that's the case, then I'll let you have one last time. You'll die when you're satisfied. You're just a spent force."

Facing the attack of Tang Bei, an expert who had reached the Heavenly Dao level, Fa Wuxian didn't care at all. It was only a little damage to his vitality. He mobilized his cultivation, turned around again, and continued to devour the Fourth and other Progenitors.

"War Progenitor, Fighting Progenitor, Anti-Progenitor, Evil Progenitor … You people dare to join Gu Huasha to devour me! This is simply disgraceful! Aren't you afraid of being devoured? "Fa Wuxian tried to split the hearts of the people.

"Fa Wuxian, you have gone mad, and there is no reason to speak of.

Do you think you will let us go if we don't kill you? How many universes have you devoured these days, and how many Progenitors have you? Did those people provoke you?

If they didn't provoke you, why did you devour them? So, if you are not destroyed, the heavens will not tolerate it. We must unite against a common enemy and kill you! " All the Progenitors were united at this moment.

"With just you? Gu Huasha, you have cultivated to this level with great difficulty, aren't you afraid that all your cultivation will be destroyed?

My Supreme Immortal Realm is not something you can compare to. Today, I will use you as a sacrifice to my blade! "Fa Wuxian roared. Countless wisps of black gas swept out from his body, and wrapped around The Fourth Gu Huasha.

"Fa Wuxian, you are not in the Supreme Immortal Realm now, so you can't use it for a long time. If you were in the Supreme Immortal Realm, then we really can't do anything to you, and can only wait for death. But now, do you really think we can't do anything to you? Zhang Ziran, use our trump card. "The Fourth Gu Huasha smiled coldly.

"Alright! Let's pray together. "Zhang Ziran had already prepared for this.

He roared, and communicated with all the Progenitors. His divine will condensed into one, and he sent a message to the countless universes: "The countless universes of the Human Realm, Fa Wuxian is devouring your universes one by one. Are you still not awakened? If you are awakened, activate your Heavenly Dao Power, and unite to suppress, seal, and kill Fa Wuxian. If he doesn't die, all the universes will be destroyed and devoured by him. Everyone will be in danger, and all the universes will turn into ashes and become his resources. At that time, he must be destroyed …"

There were thousands of Progenitors present, and there were also Zhang Ziran, The Fourth Gu Huasha, Long Xiangtian, and other Heavenly Dao Realm experts.

Especially Zhang Ziran. After all, he was the Human Ancestor, and the original master of the Human Realm.