Chapter 950
===========

Chapter 947: Overbearing Translator: Transn Editor: Transn

"This guy is so close to death. He's fighting for fate energy, but he doesn't know he's digging his own grave."

When Gu Chensha heard this black-and-white clothed young man call himself "Ancient Dao Immortal", he knew that after obtaining a huge mutated Origin, he became extremely arrogant. He wanted to seize some kind of destiny from the unseen world, so he changed his name to "Ancient Dao Immortal". But this fate energy couldn't be taken, as it would be a great disaster in the future.

"Ancient Dao Immortal?" Hearing this, Ji Ningsha frowned: "You want us to submit to you? But aren't you being a bit too violent? You want to refine our world?

"You must know that if you touch our bottom line, we will destroy both good and bad. We will blow up this Other World so that you will not be able to obtain anything." "Are you threatening me?"

The expression of the black-and-white young man, Gu Daoxian, changed. "Don't worry. You've underestimated my power. Even if you blow up the Alternate World, I can refine the remaining Vital Qi in the Alternate World anew, turning it into a piece of metal. As for your essence, it is actually indestructible. I can collect your essence and merge it into my body, making me even more powerful." "So you're saying that you've got us?" Long Xiangtian asked.

"In this world, the strong eat the weak. That's the truth. I'm stronger than you, so you have to accept it. If you don't accept it, then you have to die.

Long Xiangtian, I've been observing you for a long time. You're a proud and arrogant person, but it's a pity that fate isn't on your side. As soon as you're born, you're ready to make a big move and refine the Great Stone Wall. Unfortunately, Gu Chensha schemed against you once, and in the end, you've been bullied everywhere. Don't you understand why?

Could it be that you still think you can turn the tables on your own? "The black-and-white youth, Gu Daoxian, let out a cackle.

"What's in it for me to serve you?"

Long Xiangtian said, "I know that if you kill us and take our source energy, you can strengthen yourself. But that's just killing the goose that lays the golden eggs. If you can make us submit, we'll help you control the human world, do all sorts of things, and then offer sacrifices to you. You'll get the most benefits. You should know that our sacrifices are of high quality, and they'll be very useful to you. Killing us is like killing a chicken that lays golden eggs."

"That's right. It's good to have such an understanding. If it wasn't for that, I would've killed and refined all of you a long time ago. Now that the Mortal World needs to be ruled by someone, I can make use of all of you. In other words, all of you are of value to me. But if all of you are stubborn, then there's nothing I can do. I'll just treat you as if you've lost your value, and then I'll kill you. "

Gu Daoxian clapped his hands, then stared at Ji Ningsha, Liu Chansha, Yun Nisha, and the other women. He nodded again, "Not bad, not bad. You women will become my concubines. I won't let you suffer any losses. You'll become my women. Not bad, right? The Emperor Heaven has those concubines, and I have you as well. I can see that your quality is even higher than that of the Emperor Heaven's concubines. In the future, when I control the whole world, you'll share my supreme power and invincible authority with me." "Don't even think about it."

Liu Chansha was furious, "Gu Daoxian, you're just lucky to have obtained a large amount of mutated source energy. Do you really think that this kind of luck can make you the master of the world, the only one in the world? That's just wishful thinking. "

"Looks like you really don't want to serve me. Since that's the case, you've lost your value. I have no choice but to kill you as a warning to others."

The black-and-white young man, Gu Daoxian, was not angry. Instead, a savage smile appeared at the corners of his lips, "However, I can't bear to kill you just like that. I'll make you suffer. Aren't you unwilling to become my woman? But this matter is not up to you. "

"Gu Daoxian, you're being so overbearing because you want us to serve Gu Chensha's Eternal World. You should know that as long as we serve him sincerely, Gu Chensha will immediately come to save us," Ji Ningsha said, "You're still not a match for Gu Chensha."

"Hahaha …" The black-and-white young man, Gu Daoxian, laughed wildly, "I'm not a match for Gu Chensha? You're looking down on me too much. Sooner or later, I'll make all of Gu Chensha's women my women.

For example, that Dou Yiyu is Gu Chensha's woman, right? She and Gu Chensha gave birth to Gu Xingjian. This woman will be the first to become my woman. I want to see what Gu Chensha can do to me. Don't you think so, Dou Sheng? " The black-and-white young man, Gu Daoxian, asked Dou Sheng.

Dou Sheng hurriedly said respectfully, "My Lord will definitely be able to destroy Gu Chensha and the Emperor Of Heaven. I am the sole ruler of the world. My Lord will definitely be my Lord."

"You're too arrogant." Ji Ningsha shook her head, "Since that's the case, there's nothing for us to talk about. If you have the ability, then kill us all. I think you're still not strong enough. You can't use such a huge Origin.

So, if you want to kill us, there's still some difficulty. Otherwise, time is of the essence, and you wouldn't be talking so much nonsense. " "You really have sharp eyes."

The black and white youth Gu Daosha didn't deny it, nor did he panic, "Ji Ningsha, we're all beings born from Variant Origin. I think you can see things more clearly than others. Not bad, not bad. My subordinates lack people like you. This time, it's not up to you.

Also, Long Xiangtian, I don't care about others, I can give you a chance. If you join me, I'll immediately capture Gu Chensha's women. After I've enjoyed them, I'll give you Gu Chensha's women. How about it?

Another thing is that you are already at a disadvantage in this small group. You have no status at all. If you join me, I will give you great power. At the very least, you will be the Lord of the Sun and Moon under the command of the Sky Sovereign. Moreover, I promise you that you will never die and will never face any calamities or tribulations. As long as you restrain your ambition and remain below me, I will satisfy any of your requests.

"Alright, it's a deal." Long Xiangtian suddenly said, "In that case, I'll give you part of my control over the Otherworld." "Long Xiangtian, you …" The few of them glared angrily.

The Otherworld was controlled by eight people: Long Xiangtian, Liu Chansha, Ye Qingyi, Yun Nisha, Ji Ningsha, and the other two sisters, Lian Liansha and Mei Xisha. Finally, Gu Chensha's alias, Wenshisha.

The Otherworld was divided into eight parts. Each of them controlled one part. No one could interfere with anyone else.

Just like the system left behind by the Prehistoric Technological Civilization, it was controlled by the 12 leaders.

However, if Long Xiangtian gave up a part of his control, the black and white youth Gu Daoxian would immediately break through a line of defense. The Otherworld would fall into Gu Daoxian's hands.

"I'm also willing to give up my control," Ye Qingyi suddenly said.

"What?" Ji Ningsha's expression changed again.

"I don't have much ambition. I don't want to die with you. I'll follow whoever's stronger."

Ye Qingyi said, "As long as Lord Gu Daoxian can guarantee my strength and life, and don't devour my source, I'll definitely follow you."

"Good, good, good …" The black and white youth Gu Daosha laughed again. "Ye Qingyi, you've won my heart. Not only will I not take away your source, but after we destroy the Heavenly Court and the Eternal World, I'll allow you to choose any treasure or woman you want. As long as you don't betray me, I'll make sure you'll never be worn down.

Also, the name 'Yi' isn't suitable, and neither is the name 'Ye'. I'll change your name to Gu Qingsha. Only then can you enjoy fate in the future. "

"Thank you for the name, Master. I'm very grateful." Ye Qingyi, who was Gu Qingsha whose name had been changed, actually knelt down.

"Then why aren't you giving me control over the Otherworld?" The black and white youth Gu Daoxian stretched out his hand.

Right now, Gu Daoxian had entered the Otherworld and controlled the situation. However, he couldn't kill or capture this group of people in a hurry. So, he had to defeat them one by one and gradually split them up.

Long Xiangtian and Ye Qingyi looked at each other and activated their power. Immediately, a portion of the Otherworld's control flew out.

However, at that moment, Liu Chansha suddenly moved. She used some sort of secret technique, and Long Xiangtian and Ye Qingyi's source energy and control all flew towards her. Zizi zizi …

Liu Chansha's aura immediately swelled as if a huge electric current had passed through her body. In an instant, she had devoured Ye Qingyi and Long Xiangtian's source energy, as well as the control over the Otherworld. Her strength had increased by several times.

Moreover, she now controlled 30% of the Otherworld's control, which was more than anyone else. She had absolute control over it.

At that moment, Long Xiangtian and Ye Qingyi had lost all of their power and cultivation, and they had become ordinary people.

"This is …" Long Xiangtian roared in dissatisfaction, "Liu Chansha, you're my woman, yet you dare to betray me?

This is the Dragonless Heart Technique. Only the Dragonless Heart Technique has this kind of power. "

"Long Xiangtian, I'm not your woman. I'm the one controlling you from the start. I could tolerate your stupid actions in the past. But now, you actually betrayed us, betrayed the otherworldly world. Do you know that the word 'otherworldly' carries a great amount of fate energy? Ever since you named the Soaring Dragon Heavenly World as' otherworldly world ', our fate energy has stabilized and we have our own foundation. It can be said that our otherworldly world will be able to survive even if someone obtains the Heaven and Earth in the future. What does' otherworldly world 'represent? It represents a power that is outside of the Great Dao, and it can still exist.

But you, because of a bit of selfishness, you can't see the importance of the Otherworld, and you don't understand the word 'Otherworld'.

As for the Dragonless Heart Technique, to tell you the truth, it's something that has never been seen before. Why don't we learn it? "

Liu Chansha coldly laughed, "Long Xiangtian, you're too short-sighted. You don't have the right to obtain the variant source energy."