Chapter 507
===========

Gu Chensha was very confident. He would build this sect on the sea, turning it into a tiny Divine Central Continent that was about a hundred times smaller. With this change, it would resonate with the Divine Central Continent and erupt with the greatest power.

The Divine Central Continent's structure contained countless secrets. If he could comprehend them, he would not be far from transcending.

Xing Qiongshi's strongest divine ability was the Divine Central Continent's Grand Magic, which he had comprehended himself. There were ninety-nine layers to it, each layer deeper than the one before. Gu Chensha did not know about this cultivation method, and Xing Qiongshi had not taught it to him.

"Your Highness's method is simply seizing the good fortune of heaven and earth. It is profound and unfathomable," Hong Wending praised.

"Once this Divine Central Continent is established, it will have some sort of connection with the true Divine Central Continent. Not only can we use this place to deduce the mysteries of the Divine Central Continent, but we can also develop it. It will possess vast Fate, and the resources and minerals in the sea far surpass those in the continent. Many of our Immortal Dao profound sects will gather here and modify it. In just a few more decades, we will be able to form a large and stable faction."

"That is natural. Next is to train the various sect leaders. In this Divine Central Continent, they will be divided into ninety-nine regions and become governors.

The Immortal Dao Alliance will operate like the Imperial Court. That is the best structure. "Gu Chensha already had a plan in mind.

"Your Highness, don't worry. I know what to do.

Once this Divine Central Continent is established, with the newly constructed Azure Biochemical Dragon Pagoda in the middle, we can gather power to provide power for the Common People's Wish sphere instead of consuming it.

By the time we're ready, the Peerless Heavenly Scripture will most likely appear. "Jin Suibo had long since understood Gu Chensha's intentions. His current intelligence could not compare to Gu Chensha's, so he was doing his best to learn.

"Capturing the Peerless Heavenly Book is our number one mission. This is also the biggest mission I have come here for.

Of course, unifying the Immortal Dao profound sects is also a necessary process. After that, we will unify the oaths and wishes and strengthen the sphere's power. This is no small matter.

Gu Chensha understood that Jing Qiu had established the Sama Holy Empire in the desert. He had created his own language, culture, doctrines and beliefs. He had created handmade products and expanded his territory. This was the heart of all ages.

Naturally, he did not want to be inferior to others, so he created the Illusory Chess Archipelago with a radius of hundreds of thousands of miles on the sea into a Small Divine Land. He planned to migrate all the people from the second and third-rate mystical sects to this place and build a civilization that combined the Immortal Dao and the secular world.

If this method was successful, his cultivation would definitely improve. It would be very beneficial for him to comprehend the Twenty-Three Transformations, Past Reflection.

Furthermore, he could also use the Vow Force and the True Meaning of Creation to resist the Heavenly Dao's Call and obtain the strongest power.

"Suibo, go and arrange the Sect Leaders of the Mysterious Immortal Dao Sects in each of the ninety-nine prefectures of the Small Divine Prefecture. At the same time, ask them to summon their disciples here. There are still relatively few people here."

Gu Chensha said, "This place is far from the Central Plains, and the sea is even more dangerous. Unless one has cultivated a Golden Core or magic power, even a cultivator of the Dao Realm Nine Transformations would need several months to fly here. They would also need to stop and rest in between, and they would also need ships to rest.

If we use the Vow Sphere to tear space and teleport, it will consume too much energy. The gains do not make up for the losses.

I can understand the difficulties of the Great Wei Dynasty. It is simply too far to attack the Central Plains. "

"After we capture the Peerless Heavenly Tome, we can use the foundation within to teleport." Jin Suibo said.

"Actually, your highness, by using your supreme power, you can actually convert the living creatures in the sea to worship the World's Wish Sphere and generate wish power. This is no small matter. We can also train the aquatic creatures to have spirituality, and they won't be much worse than humans." Hong Wending suggested.

"This is also one of my plans. I will pass down a scroll of the Great People's Salvation Scripture."

Gu Chensha said, "This is a combination of the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture, the Buddhist Scripture of Salvation, the Ten Thousand Beasts Human Transformation Scripture, and many other secret techniques. Once you learn this scripture, you can chant it and spread it into the bottom of the sea. All the living beings in the sea will be attracted to it and listen to it. Because of this, they will comprehend many things and develop their intelligence and spirituality. As time passes, it is not strange for them to take human form."

"Your Highness is proficient in all kinds of techniques. This is simply unimaginable." Jin Suibo was extremely shocked.

Gu Chensha was proficient in too many techniques and divine arts. If his memories were poured into the sea of consciousness of any expert who wasn't a god, that expert's sea of consciousness would shatter. It would be impossible for them to accept it. Only a god could store these vast memories, experiences, and techniques into his own world.

"Also, when these headmasters cultivate, I can slowly teach them the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra. Let them pour the Dragon Nurturing Qi into the Azure Dragon Pagoda that I have built. This way, the power of the pagoda will gradually increase. As time passes, it will become a good artifact."

The Azure Dragon Pagoda that Gu Chensha had built was actually a temporary creation. It was only used to suppress communication. It was equivalent to an altar. In the future, to gradually improve it, it would need countless people to nurture and create it, including this land of the "Little Divine Prefecture".

After discussing for a while, Jin Suibo wanted to lead the 1,852 headmasters to occupy the 99 territories. He divided them into formations so that they could cultivate, condense, communicate, and nurture living beings. At the same time, he would teach them Gu Chensha's Great People's Salvation Scripture. The meaning of Great was Maha, and Maha meant greatness.

Common people were his own Dao. The so-called Common People Heaven Mending Technique and Common People Heaven Reforming Technique both used common people as their foundations.

Salvation was the essence of Buddhism. Transforming into a human was the profound meaning of the Heaven Demon Transforming Painting.

Combining the essence of these techniques, Gu Chensha created this technique. It was not for attacking and killing, but mainly for defense, enlightenment, and transforming people. With this scripture as a foundation, he could create a foundation on the sea.

The number of living beings in the sea far exceeded that of the land. There were billions of fishes in the sea. If he could activate even one ten-thousandth of the wisdom of the living beings in the sea, and make them pray and swear, the Common People's Wish Sphere would probably rise to an unimaginable level.

These were the methods that had been prepared for the ages. Compared to Jing Qiu's Sama Holy Empire, it was a level deeper.

Hong Wending wanted to follow Jin Suibo, but Gu Chensha called him back. "Hong Wending, stay here. I have something to ask you." "Yes." Hong Wending's expression was uncertain. Facing the unfathomable Gu Chensha, he felt uneasy.

"Come, let's go to the center of this Lesser Divine Province, to the Azure Dragon Tower that I built."

Gu Chensha called out to him and flew up. Hong Wending didn't dare to refuse, so he naturally followed behind.

When they reached the top floor of the Azure Dragon Tower, Gu Chensha looked at the surrounding scenery and the Lesser Divine Province that he had created. "The Azure Dragon Tower is located in the center of the Divine Province, in the bottomless Sea of Sin. Since ancient times, it has been connected to the Demon Realm, and the Devil Calamity broke out from there. You are also from the Devil Prison. What do you think of this Devil Calamity? "

"The Tranquil Immortal Department will definitely be able to resist the Devil Calamity. You will be able to rise in the midst of the calamity and achieve unparalleled hegemony," Hong Wending said respectfully.

"You also have many comrades in the Demon Realm. They were all demoted into the Demon Realm. Every cultivator definitely has the ability to kill and is unparalleled in battle. Can you bring them out and make them a part of this Lesser Divine Province? What do you think?" Gu Chensha asked.

"This …" Hong Wending hesitated. "There are many comrades in the Demon Realm. However, those who were demoted into the Demon Realm and were able to survive are all vicious and unruly. Moreover, they are all extremely powerful. How can I command them?" "That's true."

Gu Chensha nodded. "However, I heard that those demoted cultivators in the Demon Realm have formed an alliance and are ruled by an extremely powerful person. Brother Wending, do you know the secret of that powerful person?"

"This subordinate does not know. The Demon Realm is endless and is divided into countless dimensions and worlds. It has been immeasurable since ancient times. Could it be a force from another Demon Realm?" Hong Wending shook his head.

"Is that so?" Gu Chensha smiled. "I know that Brother Wending is a capable subordinate of the Celestial Master.

The Celestial Master is a woman. In the Demon Realm, even the Demon Saint is extremely afraid of her. It is rumored that her cultivation is unfathomable. What you have seen is only the identity of the Celestial Master. You have never seen the Celestial Master's true body, right? "

"You …" Hong Wending seemed to have seen the most terrifying thing in the world. "How do you know about the Celestial Master? Don't harm me, don't harm me." Even with his current cultivation, he had lost his composure.

"I have already secretly peeped into all of Brother Wending's memories. However, my methods are brilliant and Brother Wending is unable to sense it. Moreover, in your memories, the memories of the Celestial Master are very vague. It is obvious that there is an extremely profound method to deceive the heavens and set up a restriction. Fortunately, my methods are not weak. Even the Celestial Master cannot scheme against me. Therefore, I have peeped into a part of your secrets.

What do you think? "Gu Chensha revealed this secret this time because he did not want any variables to occur to Hong Wending. Moreover, he was very curious about the Celestial Master.

"I did not expect Prince's methods to be so brilliant. I can say that even if a god peeped into my memories, he would not be able to see the Celestial Master."

Hong Wending was still a little fearful. "Now that Your Highness knows my secret, please kill me immediately." "Oh?

You are not even afraid of death. You are actually afraid of the Celestial Master? "Gu Chensha was a little curious.

"The Celestial Master's methods are definitely not something we can imagine. After betraying the Celestial Master, it is impossible for you to die even if you want to. The Celestial Master has already comprehended the absolute secrets of life and death. She is the true Celestial Master," Hong Wending said fiercely.

"Oh? That is not necessarily true. Could she be more powerful than the three great Celestial Masters? "

Gu Chensha smiled and said, "I have obtained the memories of many ancient sages. However, I have never heard of a person called the Celestial Master."