Chapter 523
===========

"You're right."

Wu Dangkong nodded, convinced once again. "If the Thousand Fiends Armor is just a god-grade nascent spirit, then the nine old-timers and the power of the Martial Saint's Paradise should be enough to refine it. But if it's a pawn set up by Xing Qiong, then it'll be hard to keep it going. Adding in the Martial Emperor, who's an anomaly, we might be able to force Xing Qiong, the Martial Emperor, and the nine old-timers to fight to the death. But how are you going to convince the Martial Emperor? " "That's how it is," said Gu Chensha.

"If you want to hear the specifics of my plan, I'll tell you. First of all, I'll tell the Martial Emperor that the School of Legalism is forcing the Wu Clan into a corner. That's why the nine old-timers believe that the Martial Emperor needs to return to take charge and revitalize the clan. That way, I'll be able to benefit from the Martial Emperor.

"Secondly, I'll tell the nine old-timers that I've convinced the Martial Emperor, and that his cultivation base hasn't recovered yet. As long as he enters the Martial Saint's Paradise, the nine old-timers will be able to refine him. Then, you'll work with me to convince the Martial Emperor and the nine old-timers to refine the Thousand Fiends Armor.

Of course, this plan will only work after you gain control of a tenth of the Martial Saint's Paradise. " "That's a brilliant plan!"

Wu Dangkong couldn't help but sigh in praise. But then, she grew more vigilant. 'This Wu Dang Xing's plan is so intricately linked that even the Lord of Seven Stars couldn't compare. Why didn't I realize he was such a genius before?

I thought he was unruly and reckless in the Wu Clan, and that he was just someone with big ambitions but little talent. Did he come across some sort of good fortune?

He's definitely a key part of this plan. We need him to contact the Martial Emperor and the nine old-timers. In fact, when the plan is completed, we'll need to make use of his reserve power. But I need to think about it carefully. If he's such a schemer, why didn't he include me in his plans? "

"Since this is a great plan, I need to get some benefits before I can help you with this matter." Gu Chensha changed the topic and returned to the topic.

"Very good. Since you're willing to help me with this, I won't mistreat you. It just so happens that I obtained a medicinal pill from a treasure trove left behind by the Xing Qiong Clan in the past. It's called the Heaven-Defying Oddity Pill. Rumor has it that the Xing Qiong Clan came up with the idea to concoct a medicinal pill using his supreme Dao to turn his subordinates into Oddities. He also wanted to break through to the supreme Daos and turn all of them into Oddities. However, that was clearly impossible. The pill wouldn't turn people into Oddities, but its medicinal effects were extremely powerful. It contained boundless and profound thoughts. Even if you didn't become a Oddity after consuming it, you would still be able to obtain a large amount of Oddities experience.

It's very beneficial for raising one's cultivation base. "At that moment, Wu Dangkong took out a medicinal pill.

The medicinal pill was pitch-black, like a black hole. It was as though it wanted to suck in all souls, matter, tangible and intangible existences, and the aura it emanated would cause one to shudder.

With a single glance, Gu Chensha could tell that this pill really did have the ability to seize the fortune of Heaven and Earth, as well as the profundities of the universe. This was what the Xing Qiong Clan had comprehended in his crazed state.

In his crazed state, the Xing Qiong Clan had wanted to turn all of his subordinates into Oddities. And so, he had poured all his heart and soul into concocting this medicinal pill. However, it was naturally impossible for him to succeed. The medicinal pill he had concocted would be left behind, and some of his subordinates would even suffer from cultivation deviation after consuming it. Then, they would immediately meet with great tribulations and die.

For Wu Dangkong to give this medicinal pill to Gu Chensha, it was clear that he didn't have any good intentions.

Gu Chensha's heart skipped a beat. 'I wonder what sort of deal this Wu Dangkong made with the Xing Qiong Clan. To think that he would have so many treasures created by the Xing Qiong Clan in the past. If I could obtain them, I would definitely be able to make a fortune. '

Others might be afraid of this medicinal pill, but Gu Chensha wasn't. It was perfect for him. Right now, he was also trying his best to comprehend Oddities, trying to break free from the call of the Heavenly Dao. However, comprehending the Dao of Oddities was extremely difficult. Perhaps this medicinal pill could help him obtain some sort of opportunity. But it was only an opportunity. It was impossible to rely on medicinal pills to comprehend Oddities.

This medicinal pill contained the Xing Qiong Clan's comprehension of the Dao of Oddities. Combined with the Divine Prefecture Grand Magic, it could only allow Gu Chensha to accumulate resources and obtain a wider world. Perhaps, his cultivation base might even rise.

He had only peeked at the seventy-two levels of the Divine Prefecture Grand Magic. There were still twenty-seven levels left, but they were all shrouded in mystery. If he could obtain the secret within this medicinal pill, he might be able to peek into even more of the Divine Prefecture Grand Magic.

"This is good stuff."

Gu Chensha took the medicinal pill. As soon as it touched his hand, he felt the world spin, and countless tribulations were descending upon him.

It was as if he had just received an extremely dangerous item. His instincts told him that this medicinal pill was definitely not something good. It was something that defied the heavens and defied the Dao, something that could destroy everything in its path.

However, he was not shocked. Instead, he was overjoyed. He knew that this was a heaven-defying Oddities pill.

However, he was not in a hurry to swallow the pill. Instead, he kept it in his pouch. "This pill is really terrifying. In a hurry, I can only carefully comprehend it and slowly absorb the pill's Qi. Only then can I slowly obtain the secret."

When Wu Dangkong saw that he did not consume the pill immediately, a hint of disappointment flashed in his heart. "Even I don't dare to consume this pill, fearing that something bad might happen. Legend has it that the Xing Qiong Clan's subordinates had a Divine Realm expert. After consuming this pill, they immediately met with a tribulation and died. Why would I dare to do something so reckless?

"If Wu Dang Xing consumes it, I'll be able to learn from his experience. This pill is imbued with my will of the sun, moon, and space. As long as he consumes it, I can activate the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Altar to take complete control of him. In the end, he will become my slave."

"Since that's the case, I'll head to the Martial Saint's Abode and contact the Martial Emperor at the same time." Gu Chensha leaped and left after obtaining the benefits.

He had gained another reward this time. He now knew these people's secrets and how to deal with the Celestial Calmness Department. Apart from that, he finally managed to dig out a pill from Wu Dangkong's hands. He obtained the Thousand-Eyed Demonic Sword from Gu Tanjian.

Next, he had to dig out something good from the Martial Emperor's hands. Although the Martial Emperor was extremely harsh and merciless, Gu Chensha's transformation into 'Wu Dang Xing' could bring him enough benefits. He had to show some sincerity.

Moreover, Gu Chensha felt that if he was confident, he would suppress the Martial Emperor and refine him into the Life's Wish sphere.

The Martial Emperor was always a hidden danger to the world. This was because he was obsessed with unifying the world and restoring the Great Wu Dynasty. Once he arrived, he would definitely cause a bloodbath and plunge the world into misery and suffering. As the Yongchō King, Gu Chensha had to capture and kill this person.

He left the Clearsky Merchant Guild but did not leave the old capital. Instead, he infiltrated the palace and activated the Martial Emperor's talisman. Whoosh!

Not long after the talisman was activated, the Martial Emperor appeared in the sky and slowly descended. He seemed to have instinctively sensed a terrifying power lurking in the old palace.

As soon as he landed and saw 'Wu Dang Xing', his expression suddenly turned stern. "Wu Dang Xing, how dare you! You actually failed to do what I asked you to do. Where's the Ancestral Sorcerer's Bone Plate? You actually didn't bring it back for me. What use do I have for you? " As he spoke, his killing intent was thick, but he did not make a move.

"As expected."

When Gu Chensha saw that the Martial Emperor's expression was stern but he did not make a move, he knew that there were many secrets in the depths of the old palace. The Martial Emperor was extremely wary, afraid that these secrets would be suppressed or exposed. He secretly peeked at the Martial Emperor's cultivation.

He noticed that the World Power on the Martial Emperor's body was really obscure. When it wriggled, there seemed to be many more life and destruction creation powers. It was like he had risen to another realm.

"Could it be that in such a short time, the Martial Emperor rose to another realm and reached the Dao Realm 31 Transformation? What would happen in another two years? Didn't he recover the 36 transformations and reach the peak of Embodiment Transformation? The same level as Chang Weiyang?

Luckily, the Martial Emperor fell for many years and didn't have any reserves. Even if he reached the peak of 36 transformations, he still can't compare to Chang Weiyang. Cosmos Sect's Universe Lightning Pool has been accumulating for thousands of years and they have many disciples. Along with the Dragon Raising Heart Technique that I passed down, there are many geniuses. The accumulation in the Universe Lightning Pool will instantly increase by several times and the Martial Emperor won't be able to catch up. "Gu Chensha's heart was clear.

Two cultivators of the same realm were both outliers and had reached the peak of the 36 transformations. So, the competition would be the foundation of the sect. The Martial Emperor was empty-handed and alone, so how could he compete with Chang Weiyang?

This was why the Martial Emperor had to snatch the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven and obtain the Wu Family's 7,000 to 8,000 years of accumulation. Only then would he be able to save these years of wasted time.

"Your Majesty, please calm down. This is my mistake."

Gu Chensha replied right away, "The Great Spirit God and Ancestor Witch haven't done anything. I tried to contact Gu Tanjian but there was no response. It was like he couldn't bear to part with the Ancestor Witch Bone. I know that I am guilty, so I didn't dare to contact Your Majesty. But recently, I finally found a chance to let Your Majesty head back to manage the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven and obtain the Wu Family's inheritance. This was why I dared to meet Your Majesty." "Oh? What are your thoughts? "

The Martial Emperor looked at the 'Wu Dang Xing' in front of him. It was deep and unfathomable. If it was the real Wu Dang Xing, he would definitely be intimidated by its majesty. Unfortunately, this was Gu Chensha. Naturally, he could detect the Martial Emperor's emotions. He was actually tempted.

"Those nine old antiques of the Wu Family are stubborn and inflexible. They still can't see through the calamity before them and don't have any proactive countermeasures to revitalize the family. If this goes on, the family will be in danger. Only someone with great talent and bold vision like Your Majesty can revitalize our Wu Family.

For the sake of the family, I will also support Your Majesty in managing the overall situation. "Gu Chensha first flattered the Martial Emperor. The Martial Emperor waved his hand, "Get to the point! Don't use the situation of a ruler and a subject. "