Chapter 133
===========

"You're going to hatch?" He was overjoyed.

It was reasonable for the Black Tortoise baby to call him father. He had used his blood to hatch for so long and had a connection with it. It could be said that the Black Tortoise baby had grown up drinking his Sun-Moon Dragon Blood.

"I haven't been born yet, but I've awakened and can absorb celestial qi. As long as I absorb enough celestial qi, I'll be able to hatch."

The Black Tortoise baby said, "Father, you can't absorb celestial qi immediately or your body will explode. You can dilute the trace of celestial qi with spirit qi and slowly absorb it.

I'll infuse the celestial qi into the castle's earth veins and nurture it, turning this castle into a celestial realm. It'll be stronger than many grotto-heavens and blessed lands. " "Then when will you truly be reborn?" Gu Chensha asked.

"I don't know, but it won't be long."

The Black Tortoise baby yawned in his mind, "Father, I'm going to sleep first. In my sleep, I'll communicate with the earth veins and you'll be able to see the changes in the castle.

Also, the magic treasures in the castle don't need to be infused with spirit qi in the future. Under my influence, they'll connect with the earth veins and become stronger … "

Gu Chensha seemed to see the Black Tortoise baby sleeping in his mind, but it was still absorbing celestial qi and pouring it into the depths of the ground. At the same time, the traces of purple celestial qi floating in the bedroom were also absorbed. However, the aura of the entire castle seemed to have changed greatly again. Whoosh!

Yi Ming flew in with a surprised look, "Master, this castle … I just breathed in and felt energy flowing endlessly. What's going on?"

"The Black Tortoise egg has been completely activated by me. It's absorbing celestial qi that's much more powerful than spirit qi. This qi is merging with the earth veins!"

Gu Chensha understood everything, "In the future, this castle will become a true celestial realm. The nine magic treasures have also been activated and can be activated at any time. Outsiders won't be able to invade." "Celestial qi!"

Yi Ming gasped, "True celestial qi cannot be absorbed by those with low cultivation because it's too domineering. However, if it merges with the earth veins, it'll be completely different. Even the ordinary grass here will become celestial grass.

Master, I think we should plant Purplish Green Immortal Peach Trees and Fire Dates in the castle. They will grow very quickly. I'll take care of this matter. " "Alright."

Gu Chensha also breathed in the air here. He felt as if he was floating in the air, as if he wasn't in the mortal world. "I've finally done what I needed to do. When I cultivate in this castle, my progress is truly fast. Oh right, my Seven Saints Heart Refining Pill! "

Only then did he realize that the Seven Sages Heart Refinement Pill had been given to the Black Tortoise baby like it was a Tang bean. He hurriedly began to check how many pills were left. However, he discovered that he only had 150 Seven Sage Heart Tempering Pills left.

"My God, I had more than 400, and now there are only 150 left? The Black Tortoise baby ate so much of me! "Gu Chensha almost wailed.

Two Seven Sages Heart Refining Pills were enough for the Heavenly Designer Institute to build a fiefdom, a castle, and roads. The Black Tortoise swallowed more than three hundred of them. How much could it be exchanged for? Whether it was a loss or a profit, it was hard to say.

There was a mysterious power in the castle that helped cultivation. But if 300 Seven Saint Heart Refining Pills were given to people, they would be able to create a bunch of experts in a short period of time. But thinking about it, it was worth it to be able to hatch the Black Tortoise baby. Just thinking about it made Gu Chensha feel less pained. As for the remaining 150 Seven Saint Heart Refining Pills, he had to use them well.

He slowly absorbed spiritual energy to refine the Celestial Energy in his body. His cultivation was really strong. If it was any other cultivator who hadn't reached Dao Realm Transformation Four, their meridians would have been burned by the Celestial Energy and they would have become useless. But he knew that if the Celestial Energy was refined, there would be huge benefits to it. He started to cultivate once more.

But just as he cultivated for three days, an imperial edict came to summon him to the border palace to meet the Heaven Talisman Emperor.

Gu Chensha passed the golden talisman that controlled the entire castle to Yi Ming and told him to take charge in case outsiders invaded. This time, he didn't bring the Black Tortoise egg away.

Although the Black Tortoise baby hadn't hatched, it could absorb and spit out Celestial Energy and control the earth veins. At the same time, it could use the nine treasures. Even Gu Chensha himself might not be its match. If it absorbed enough Celestial Energy and came out, even Yi Ming would be far weaker than it.

This time, he didn't bring any followers. He was just one person, one armor, and one sword. He passed the token and entered the palace.

In the barren land outside the pass, the market became bigger and bigger. Many forests were leveled and swamps were filled up. It was transformed into a clean city and market. The houses were all built with a mix of stone and steel and were indestructible.

To Gu Chensha's surprise, there was a steel road that stretched from the capital to the barren land. On the steel road, huge iron carriages moved like centipedes. The iron carriages were filled with goods and transported to and fro.

The speed of these iron carriages was faster and more convenient than ships. The only problem was that they consumed a lot of steel. But they indirectly increased the flow of wealth among the people and strengthened the country.

"I really don't understand the changes in the world. With every passing month, the world is turned upside down."

Gu Chensha waited outside the palace. Between the tall buildings, the road was flat and wide. People came and went, and there were many carriages and horses.

There were also many carriage drivers waiting by the side of the road. The carriage drivers were also very strange. They rode on it and used the flying wheels to drive it. They moved like they were flying on the flat stone road, but they weren't much slower than horses.

This was the latest vehicle developed by the Heavenly Designer Institute. As long as one person stepped on it, they could pull thousands of kilograms of goods.

"If this continues for another ten years, how prosperous will the world be?" Gu Chensha guessed. At this time, a eunuch came out of the palace and bowed to him.

"Royal Prince Chen, the princes are all gathered in the east palace. I will bring you there now." The eunuch bowed and said.

"Is everyone here? What's the matter? "Gu Chensha threw a hundred yuan note over.

The eunuch accepted it with a smile. "The emperor is moving the capital and some immortal dao sects have come to congratulate. The emperor wants to invite them to a banquet, so the princes have come to entertain the guests." "Immortal dao sects have come to congratulate?"

Gu Chensha was puzzled. He knew that many immortal dao sects hated Heavenly Talisman Emperor and wanted nothing more than to get rid of him. In the eyes of the immortal dao sects, Heavenly Talisman Emperor was more evil than a devil.

In the past, when the disciples of the ancient seventy-two immortal dao sects came to the mortal world, they were all "immortal masters". The emperor had to kneel and greet them respectfully.

But now, even those powerful immortal dao sect masters and old monsters who could fly in the sky and move mountains and seas were beaten to a pulp. They were very respectful to the imperial court.

With Heavenly Talisman Emperor around, the imperial court was the legendary "heavenly court". Even immortals had to bow their heads.

Following the eunuch to the east palace, flowers were in full bloom. Birds and swallows danced in the air, white deer grazed in the garden, and red-crowned cranes soared in the sky. Palace after palace, many people were enjoying the flowers, drinking, and chatting.

Gu Chensha saw Lou Baiyue among them, drinking tea and chatting with a few women. He went over to greet them.

"So it's Royal Prince Chen."

Lou Baiyue introduced, "This is Fairy Luo Wu, Fairy Xi Wu, and Fairy Xue Wu of the Mystical Sky Dance Sect." "Greetings to the three fairies."

Gu Chensha cupped his hands in greeting, but secretly sensed the three's auras. It was a blur, and he couldn't tell what realm they were at. As for Lou Baiyue, it was the same.

In his perception, although Lou Baiyue was right in front of him, she seemed to be in a different space from him. She seemed to be in a trance like a ghost. He didn't know what kind of cultivation method she was cultivating, but he was sure that her realm was far above his.

"We are just ordinary cultivators. How can we be called fairies? Your Highness praises us too much."

Luo Wu returned the greeting. "All lands under the heavens belong to the imperial court. We are but commoners, how can we accept Your Highness's courtesy?"

"People who live outside the world are free and unrestrained, but not under the jurisdiction of the imperial court.

Moreover, the imperial court is in great need of talents. If the three of you can serve the imperial court, you will certainly be noble beyond words. "Gu Chensha could only speak indifferently.

"You've recruited Wang Zhi and Lan Qi of the Venomous Poison Sect. Now, the two of them have opened a medicine store, collected poisonous insects, and developed a venomous art. They're doing very well, and many fiefdoms have invited their disciples to expel insects," Lou Baiyue brought up this matter. "With this, your fiefdom will be overflowing with wealth." "It's not overflowing with wealth, but it's a lot more comfortable."

Gu Chensha didn't hide it. "I didn't think that the venomous art would be so powerful. As long as there are poisonous insects, they can be made into spirit medicine and cure all kinds of diseases. I heard that the Celestial Designer Institute has even more advanced venomous arts, so I want to send them there to learn for a while." "Can Meixiang, Xuexiang, and Sixiang learn from them?" Lou Baiyue asked.

"That won't be a problem. I'll let them know when I get back."

Gu Chensha didn't refuse. "When I came here, I saw that the Celestial Designer Institute is building a capital city. It's several times bigger than the capital, but the imperial palace hasn't been built yet. Why is that?" "You don't know about this."

Lou Baiyue said, "The imperial palace isn't built with materials from the mortal world. It's an immortal treasure forged by the Celestial Designer Institute a long time ago. When the capital city is finished, they can take out this treasure and turn it into the imperial palace. That way, it will look even more imposing. At the same time, it will suppress the imperial court's destiny and intimidate the entire Wilderness. At that time, the earth veins in the Wilderness will continuously gather, forming a group of dragons that will surround the newly built capital city. Furthermore, His Majesty will order the sect masters of the seventy-two immortal sects to bless the imperial palace and light it up. This means that the Great Yongchō has won the allegiance of the immortal dao."