Chapter 94
==========

To build the land, the five of them had to be the pillars of the future.

Seeing the five of them enter the Dao Realm at the same time, Gu Chensha nodded to himself. This was not the effect of the Seven Sages Heart Refining Pill. Their foundations were strong to begin with, and the God Bloodline in their bodies had been stimulated.

He had calculated that the five of them would enter the Dao Realm before him, but he did not expect that he would be ahead of them in the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple Treasury.

"We actually entered the Dao Realm?"

The five of them came back to their senses and hurriedly knelt down. "Just now, we saw the seven sages of the ancient humans preaching to us. Your Highness actually gave us such a pill. How can we repay you in the future?"

"Build the land well and help me suppress the barbarians here. At the same time, keep an eye on Long Yuyun, Yu Hanlu, and the others in case they cause trouble." Gu Chensha gestured for the five of them to stand up.

"Your Highness, we have taken over about three thousand of Long Yuyun's warriors. We are currently reorganizing them," Zhou Bu reported.

"As for Yu Hanlu's army, we did not take over because the people from Baoyu Nation seem to be against us."

"That's only natural. Dragon Sword Island has been completely destroyed. Although Long Yuyun has many tricks up her sleeve, she still has the mentality of having her country destroyed and her home destroyed. As for those experts from Baoyu Nation, they are just valuing themselves and trying to sell themselves for a good price. If my guess is correct, it's very likely that they are also negotiating with the people from the Great Wei Dynasty."

Gu Chensha pondered. "Actually, what I lack the most now is manpower. Apart from the five of you, the others cannot take charge. This land needs talents, and the five of you are far from enough."

"Your Highness, we are also nurturing talents. We have a few in our team who have already entered the third level of the mortal realm. They are martial arts masters." Liu Yu was very optimistic.

"That is not enough. You need to study more. Those who only know how to fight are also boorish."

Gu Chensha already had a plan. "I will set up a military academy in the city. Yiming will be the teacher. Every day, you will have to attend two hours of class to learn about military affairs and internal affairs. In addition, I will write a letter to Marquis Dashi and have him send some management talents and military strategists to teach you."

Marquis Dashi had gifted him three hundred pieces of Horned Flood Dragon Armor to express his goodwill. If he was short on manpower, he would definitely ask this person for help.

Gu Chensha wanted to nurture the 243 soldiers under his command into true talents. They wanted to be able to hold their own and at least be the talents of a county.

There were at least tens of thousands of people in a county, and at most, hundreds of thousands of people. A person who could govern a county was extraordinary.

"Go and get San Xiang for me," he ordered.

After a while, the three fragrances arrived. Si Xiang was the first to speak: "Does your highness have any orders?" "I want to write a letter to Marquis Dashi. Do you have a fast way to send a letter?"

Since they had established their fief, the most important thing now was to restore communication with the outside world. They could either send memorials to the imperial court or contact the four regions. This barbarian tribe was very far away from the outside world, so it was impossible to build a road. Gu Chensha did not have the ability to send a letter, so he could only ask San Xiang.

"That is convenient," Si Xiang replied. "We have many spirit eagles, so it is not difficult to send a letter."

"In this Wilderness, even spirit eagles are not convenient. It will take two to three days to fly back and forth. I feel that you have a faster way to send a letter," Gu Chensha smiled and asked, "The Heavenly Designer Institute seems to have invented something new. Won't you let me take a look?" "Since your highness has asked, it is not good for us to not answer."

Si Xiang took out a black iron box. It was the size of a palm and there was a golden pen inside. It was unknown how it was made. "This item is called the Heavenly Cycle Box. As long as you write with the golden pen inside, the iron box on the princess' side will receive the same message. Rumor has it that there is a Heavenly Cycle Pagoda in the Heavenly Designer Institute that can cover the surroundings with supreme power. The words we write will first enter the Heavenly Cycle Pagoda and then enter the other boxes." "So magical?"

Gu Chensha only knew that in the Immortal Dao, there was the Ten Thousand Li Crystal Image Technique. Even if they were separated by tens of thousands of li, both parties could communicate through a crystal. But that was an item of the immortals and not something ordinary people could possess. But now, it had appeared in front of him.

The most difficult thing to manage in such a large empire was the poor communication. For example, if there was a rebellion in a remote place, by the time the news reached the capital, it would be too late to send an army over.

Therefore, in history, there were very few people who could achieve long-term peace after unifying a hundred countries.

After the Heavenly Talisman Emperor ascended to the throne, the first thing he did was to build canals and pave roads so that communication would be incomparably fast. And now, he even created such a miraculous item. In the future, no matter how remote a place was, as long as a message was sent out, it would immediately reach the heart of the capital.

"That's good. Immediately send a message to Marquis Jushi. Tell him that I've conquered the barbarian tribes and I need talents to manage them. I hope that Marquis Jushi can send experts to reinforce us." Gu Chensha spoke.

"Let's do it." Si Xiang took the golden pen and wrote on it.

"I have to think of a way to buy some of these things from the Heavenly Designer Institute." Gu Chensha thought, "I wonder how much they are worth?"

"Your Highness, the most pressing matter right now is not to build a castle. The most important thing is to open up the roads."

Si Xiang said, "Right now, we're not too far away from the Great Stone Wall, only about three thousand li. But because of the dense forests and mountains, the roads aren't smooth. Even if we build a castle, people from the outside won't be able to enter. Only by building a road will people from within the Great Stone Wall be able to rush over."

"You're right." Gu Chensha agreed deeply. "But how are we going to build a road that's a few thousand li long? We'll even have to build a bridge in the middle. Even if I'm a deity, I'm still helpless. " "No matter, we don't need to build so far."

Si Xiang took out a map. "This is our current location. This is the location of Heaven Bearing Pass. In the past month, the Emperor has already ordered the construction of forts, relay stations, and roads outside the pass, advancing for hundreds of li. The people from the Heavenly Designer Institute have also arrived outside the pass, establishing a branch a few hundred li away from Heaven Bearing Pass. At the same time, the Emperor has also issued a decree for the aristocratic families to come out of the Great Stone Wall and purchase land outside the Great Stone Wall. It's very cheap, and many aristocratic families are fighting to be the first to buy it. Thus, we only need to cut down trees in the forest, and the people and horses will be able to pass through.

"I'm afraid not."

Gu Chensha shook his head. "It won't be easy for the Heavenly Designer Institute to build a road to this place. In such a vast Wilderness, there are many roads to be built. Naturally, there will be priorities.

I have to make a trip to the border and discuss with the people from the Heavenly Designer Institute. I'll pay them to build the road as soon as possible. Other than that, I'll also need them to build the castle. "

"Your Highness, a large amount of money is needed for the Heavenly Designer Institute to do this. Even the princes have to work according to the price." Xue Xiang didn't finish her sentence, but the hidden meaning was obvious. She felt that Gu Chensha didn't have the money.

"I have my ways."

Gu Chensha didn't reveal anything. The thousand boxes of resources that he stole from the Peach County Celestial Temple were worth at least tens of millions, and they were still rotting in the space of the Sun Moon Altar. He might as well sell them all and exchange them for the construction of his fief.

The Third Prince Gu Chensha actually wanted to get his hands on these resources, but Gu Chensha beat him to it. For this, he even had the intention to kill Gu Chensha.

Tens of millions was an extremely large sum, and even the aristocratic families wouldn't be able to take out such a sum in one go.

Gu Chensha didn't lack money. As long as he did, he could go to the Barbarian Race Celestial Temple and get some. After dismissing San Xiang, Gu Chensha went to look for Long Yuyun.

At this moment, Long Yuyun was by the lake outside the castle, and she seemed to be conversing with a powerful existence in the lake.

Gu Chensha could vaguely see a long and narrow fish in the depths of the lake. Its aura was extremely strong, and it wasn't any weaker than Yi Ming's. It seemed like this was the divine beast of Dragonsword Island, the Sword Kun. Swoosh!

Activating the Great Dragon Armor, Gu Chensha flew out of the castle and landed on the edge of the lake. Long Yuyun was taken aback, and the Sword Kun emerged from the lake, eyeing Gu Chensha like a tiger watching its prey.

The Sword Kun was shaped like a ribbonfish, but it had a flesh crown on its head and two wings. It could fly in the sky, but most of the time, it liked to stay in the water. It was a descendant of an ancient divine beast.

"You actually stepped into the Dao Realm, and your armor actually improved again. It can even block innate astral energy." Long Yuyun let out a roar, and the Sword Kun sank into the water again. "What kind of fortuitous encounter did you have?" "You don't have to tell me this secret."

Gu Chensha went straight to the point. "You should have a caravan in the border customs market, right? I have a batch of goods to sell. How about the price?" "What goods do you have?"

Long Yuyun was rather surprised. "Cold Dew and I have long established a trading company at the border customs. If you have good goods, you can greatly increase our reputation."

"Then don't be in a hurry. Follow me to the border customs." Gu Chensha said, "How many people do you have at the border customs?"

"About a few thousand, and they are all reliable. The border customs market is very popular now, and people from all levels of the court are rushing over to make a fortune. The price of land is rising, and the imperial court has made a fortune in this war.

This time, we took down this barbarian tribe and also transported some precious medicinal herbs to the border customs to sell. It's very easy to let them go. "

Long Yuyun said, "Right now, this has already become your fief, but it is still far away. The border customs is where the population gathers. I think you should invest more in the border customs.

Many years ago, I bought a lot of land at the border customs and built shops there. This year, I have made a profit of several tens of times. "

"This Long Yuyun is indeed very capable. No wonder she can command the millions of soldiers and civilians of Dragon Sword Island."

Gu Chensha was secretly shocked. He believed that he could not compare to this woman in terms of internal affairs, business, and economics. This was his shortcoming, but he did not hide it. He would slowly pay attention to learning it in the future. He slowly calculated in his heart, and only after thinking for a while did he say, "What do you plan to do in the future? Are you going to bring the people of Dragon Sword Island to submit to me, or are you going to be half-hearted like the Cold Jade Dew?" This was a declaration of his position.

Gu Chensha knew that his foundation was too shallow, and he could not build it up in a short period of time. If he could truly obtain the power of Dragon Sword Island to submit to him, he would have a stable foundation after digesting them. His influence in the imperial court would also become stronger.

Right now, he had no one to do business with, no one to send messages, no one to manage the barbarians, and no one to serve in his mansion. He could be said to be completely broke.