Chapter 51
==========

He took a deep breath and increased his strength by another 30%. His speed increased even more, and his whole body was like a stream of light. He rushed into the cavalry again, and his saber technique became a line that condensed into one. It did not spread out, but instead attacked in a straight line.

Immediately, three barbarian cavalrymen and their horses were cut in half by him, and he was just about to rush out of the encirclement.

But at this moment, the long spear that looked like a poisonous dragon appeared behind him again. It was like a maggot in the tarsal bone, and he could not get rid of it. It locked onto the Mingmen acupoint on his back.

This time, Gu Chensha saw clearly that the person who used the long spear was a barbarian general. His face was covered in tattoos, and he could not see his face at all. However, his skin was bronze, and he did not wear armor. Instead, he wore animal skin. He was very wild, but he was good at hiding, like a lion hiding in the grass, ready to pounce on an antelope at any time.

This barbarian general was a martial arts master, and he was much more powerful than the average Wu Zong. The key was that he was surrounded by many archers, and there were also barbarian saber and spear cavalry blocking him. If he failed, he would retreat into the cavalry, and there was nothing he could do. When Gu Chensha killed the other cavalry, he would rush out at the critical moment to deal a fatal blow.

"This can't go on. I can't jump over the cavalry's heads either. I can't use force in the air, and I can't use it well. I can easily be shot to death by the archers."

Gu Chensha dodged the long spear attack, and was about to kill the barbarian general, but he found that he had retreated into the depths of the army again, and could not be found.

If it was a one-on-one battle, it would only take him two breaths to kill this barbarian Martial Dao Grandmaster. However, he was surrounded by spears, arrows, and sabers. He was surrounded like an iron bucket, and it was difficult for him to use any of his abilities. Kacha!

Seven or eight long spears came stabbing over. Gu Chensha waved his weapon and cut these long spears in half. Just as he was about to kill more people, the outer layer of arrows shot toward him again. Dozens of arrows drilled into his body in a spiral, trying to turn him into a hedgehog. He could only wave his weapon again, and block all these arrows.

But just as he blocked the arrow, a new group of spearmen came up and stabbed at him with their spears, not giving him any chance to react. He wanted to kill his way out, but he was greatly restricted. At the same time, he was also afraid of being ambushed by the hidden experts while he was entangled with the soldiers, so he didn't dare to use his full strength.

"Leverage the force to strike back!"

This time, Gu Chensha learned his lesson. When those spear soldiers stabbed towards him, he did not break their spears, but used his weapon to deflect them. The ingenuity of the use of force had already added the skill of the Sun and Moon Transformation.

The Sun and Moon Transformations also involved the transformation of strength. With just a little bit of use, one could borrow strength to fight strength, rebounding the strength of an enemy's attack.

Bang bang bang bang … Just as these spears were about to pierce him, they were lightly flicked by Gu Chensha, and all of them shot back with a fierce whistling sound, directly smashing their owners' heads. A gap appeared in the formation that was gradually forming.

At this moment, more than ten arrows shot towards him. His weapon formed a circle, and he used the Sun and Moon Transformation's Force Conversion Technique again. Instantly, the arrows stuck to his weapon.

His body spun, and the arrows stuck to his weapon shot back at an even faster speed. The barbarian soldiers with arrows were shot one after another, and they were thrown off their horses.

This time, the formation started to become chaotic. Gu Chensha saw an opportunity, and rushed forward again. His weapon was like cutting grass, and he killed seven barbarian soldiers. He was about to break out of the encirclement.

At this moment, the Barbarian Tribe martial arts master hidden among the soldiers could not hold back anymore, and his spear drilled out again.

"Hmph!"

This was the moment that Gu Chensha had been waiting for. His body stopped abruptly, and he rushed towards the Barbarian Tribe martial arts master. The weapon in his hand was like a silkworm spitting out silk, and he used the Sun and Moon Transformation Technique again. Buzz …

The moment the Barbarian Tribe martial arts master's spear came into contact with the weapon, he felt as though it weighed a thousand pounds. He was completely wrapped up, and he could not even lift it up. Immediately, he let out a loud roar, and actually gave up on the spear. He wanted to enter the group of barbarian soldiers again to dodge.

However, the spear had been wrapped and pressed by Gu Chensha, and it became extremely agile. It turned around and fiercely pierced into the Barbarian Tribe martial arts master's heart. The Barbarian Tribe martial arts master was directly nailed to the ground.

After rebounding the spear and arrows, and killing the martial arts master, Gu Chensha felt that his use of the Sun and Moon Transformation Technique had reached a new level. His martial arts cultivation was restless, and all sorts of exquisite aspects came easily to him.

Originally, he only had a superficial understanding of the Sun and Moon Refining Technique and the Sun and Moon Transformation Technique. However, after this battle, he had a new understanding. This kind of understanding would be of great help to him when he stepped into the Tao State in the future.

The moment the Barbarian Tribe martial arts master died, the pressure on Gu Chensha was greatly reduced. He charged out once more, and it was like a tiger entering a herd of sheep. All the spears and arrows that stabbed at him were reflected back, and the blades that stabbed at him or those around him were reflected back.

The intricacies of the Sun and Moon Transformation Technique were displayed. Any attack that reached him would change according to the situation, and he would use his strength to deflect the attacks like a rubber ball. In just a few breaths, 45 cavalry had died at his hands.

The entire Barbarian Race army was like a long snake on the road, ready to swallow everything along the way. However, they were all cut in half by him, causing a huge storm.

Logically speaking, only someone at the Third Transformation of the Dao Realm, Copper Skin and Iron Bones, would have the courage to do such a dangerous thing in the army. Kill!

The various generals of the Barbarian Race army at the front and back also realized that something had happened here, and they instantly gave orders. Wu wu wu wu … A desolate bugle horn sounded out. Immediately, the cavalry surrounding Gu Chensha started to retreat, and the circle was widened.

"The Art of War has started to change? You want to expand your encirclement and then set up defenses to trap me? How can it be so easy? I will just mess up your formation. "

Gu Chensha already knew what these barbarian soldiers were thinking. He was also familiar with military books, so he knew how terrifying the art of war and military formations were. Layers upon layers of blockades, with a huge shield on the outside and arrows and muskets shooting wildly from the back.

The musket cavalry all moved away. Some infantrymen picked up their shields and charged in, thinking the same way as him. He couldn't let the Barbarian Race soldiers surround him.

He was like a bird flying into the forest, running so fast that he was about to fly. His weapon spun at high speeds like a drill, piercing through the shield-wielding Barbarian Race soldiers and charging into the camp once more.

His body rose up and down. The vital energy in his body was the Sun and Moon Refinement Technique, and the strength outside his body was the Sun and Moon Transformation Technique. Inside and outside merged into one, and his Martial Path was perfect and flawless.

At that moment, he seemed to have entered another realm, and he had a clear grasp of the entire battlefield. Each spear that stabbed at him, each arrow that shot at him, each blade that slashed at him, all of them were calculated in his mind. He then came up with the best countermeasure to allow him to kill them quickly and also protect himself at the same time. His martial arts had a sense of finesse to it. This was the path one had to take to reach the Dao Realm.

His weapon spun and flew about. Each time he waved, he would claim the life of a Barbarian Race soldier. Between the clashes, from start to finish, 100 Barbarian Race soldiers had died in his hands.

These Barbarian Race soldiers were all elites and each of them was really strong, much stronger than normal soldiers. It was obvious that they had committed many sins and killed many commoners to obtain their power. He didn't pity the Barbarian Race at all; he had to wipe them out.

"There are thousands of Barbarian Race soldiers here and I have killed 100. This has greatly slowed down their attacks, but the true experts are about to appear. The Barbarian Race is really determined, so they definitely won't send out just a few thousand. But I can at most kill 300 before I run out of stamina and need to rest."

Gu Chensha sensed that he had used up a lot of stamina. The constant battles and calculations on the battlefield were a huge burden on him. It was impossible for him to wipe out thousands of soldiers alone. Dao Realm Transformation Three Copper Skin and Iron Bones would also run out of stamina unless he improved further. At Dao Realm Transformation Four, he would be able to swallow gold and turn into stone. His organs would also be strong and he would be able to melt gold and stone. At that time, he would be able to fight for days and nights and it would be possible for him to kill thousands of soldiers. Suddenly, a long roar spread out from afar. It was filled with a deep evil energy and it got closer. The Barbarian Race soldiers scattered.

A shadow dashed over and in the blink of an eye, he was in the middle of the formation. He raised his hand slightly and a pungent wind surged towards his face. A few Barbarian Race soldiers in the distance fainted. Their bodies turned into blood and even their bones melted.

"Poison?"

Gu Chensha saw that the newcomer was an old man dressed in a Daoist robe. He exuded a sinister aura, and his body was shrouded in a hazy mist. "If I'm not mistaken, it should be the Hundred-Poison Daoist. This person cultivates the Scripture of the Poison King, and his entire body is filled with poison. He's the hardest to deal with, but he's just unlucky to have met me! I have consumed the Heaven Dew and am immune to all poisons. " The Heaven Dew could wash away evil and poison and was a divine antidote.

"Kid, you are really bold. You actually dare to block the Barbarian Race army alone."

Hundred Poison Priest's claws were extremely long and when he attacked, a blue light flashed. One could smell the stench of blood within 10 steps.

Gu Chensha's blade flashed and he slashed in the air. Star Strike, Sky Break, and Demon Slaying combined the three moves. He had already executed the Great Spirit God Technique's spear combination attack, a forbidden technique. With his current stamina, executing the three moves wouldn't harm his body at all.

Originally, he could have used the Annihilation of Sun and Moon all of a sudden to kill Daoist Hundred Poisons. However, after using it, all of his meridians would definitely be severed, his skin would bleed, and his bones would be in trouble. He would need to consume the Heavenly Dew again and rest for a few hours before he would recover.

His main task now was to delay the advance of the army so that the people in the town could move as soon as possible. Where would he find the time to heal?

However, when these three moves of the Great Spirit God Technique were used together to activate the forbidden technique, it was extremely powerful. That day on the ship, Gu Chensha had used it to suddenly injure the Black Demon Bat. Now, his cultivation was much higher than that day, and the weapon in his hand was also much sharper than the spear back then. This strike suddenly seemed to produce a falling star, shattering the void, and destroying the demon.

Thousands of sharp lights instantly enveloped Hundred Poison Priest, cutting him inch by inch. The air waves were like landslides and tsunamis, destroying everything.

"What kind of martial arts is this? How can you, a master of the Mortal Realm, use such a forbidden technique?"

A black iron scepter appeared in Hundred Poison Priest's hand, protecting him impenetrably. Only then did he manage to resist Gu Chensha's attack.

"What a pity. This man's martial arts are indeed powerful. If I had executed the Sun Moon Kill just now, he would have been killed by my sword."

Gu Chensha sighed inwardly. He moved his body and struck out 81 times in a row, using the technique of Sun Moon Kill.

This move of Sun Moon Kill was not as swift and fierce as the Sun Moon Kill, which could destroy everything. However, it was mellow and exquisite, a wonderful work of art. All the changes were contained in one's heart. The storm-like sword momentum forced Hundred Poison Priest to retreat again and again.