Chapter 871
===========

One Second Remember 09, to provide you with exciting reading. Chapter 868: Strange Encounters If Gu Chensha wanted to become a celestial, he would have to use the One God System. [0↑ 9 △ Small ↓ ↓ ↓ ↓ Net .09 】

The twelve magisters, the Overgod, Prime Dan, and the others could all sense the destructive aura, and knew that it was the wrath of the dao of heaven. The dao of heaven felt threatened, and was willing to throw caution to the wind in order to destroy Gu Chensha. He wanted to destroy everything, to prevent Gu Chensha from causing irreparable harm.

"What do we do? This kid is so treacherous!"

Prime Dan knew that this was a critical moment of life and death, and that he had to make a decision.

"Activate! Give up!"

After a moment of discussion, the twelve magisters unleashed a secret magic that caused the battleship to shrink and writhe. The primordial chaos elemental energy in the area collapsed, and countless minor chiliocosms, medium-chiliocosms, and even greater chiliocosms began to erupt with primordial chaos. "That's right.

In the past, it would take thousands of years for a cultivator to create a chiliocosm. For example, a clan of sages would need three or five thousand years to create a chiliocosm. As for a medium chiliocosm, it would require a celestial to establish a powerful organization, gather sacrifices, and purify the hearts of the people.

A chiliocosm was something that no living being could create. It could only be created through the good fortune of the universe.

The spaceship shuddered, causing primal-chaos to explode. Chiliocosms fell like rain, medium chiliocosms were like clouds, and large chiliocosms were like the tide. Then, they were sent into the chaotic flows of space-time. It was impossible to say how many worlds had appeared, and how many living beings had been born.

From this, it was possible to see how incredible the spaceship was. In its heyday, it would have surpassed the heavenly worlds.

The spaceship began to shrink, and the One God System's power increased. However, instead of refining Gu Chensha, the One God System spat Gu Chensha out. Whizz ….

The prehistoric civilization ruins, spaceships, and battleships that had shrunk to the point that they were almost invisible suddenly disappeared, leaving Gu Dusha behind. .09 Then, all the wrath of the Heavenly Dao once again gathered on Gu Chensha.

"He actually escaped?"

When Gu Chensha saw the One God System spit him out, he was not surprised that the warship of the prehistoric civilization had shrunk and fled. This was part of the plan. The One God System was very powerful. If he had not refined the Primeval Dragon Gate, the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, and occupied the destiny of the Divine Central Continent, gathering all his power, the One God System might have really devoured and refined him.

The systems of the One God weren't even one ten-thousandth as powerful as they had been in the past. Back in the day, not even Gu Chensha would have been able to stand up to them.

However, it was impossible for the God System to return to the past. All of the previous worlds belonged to the God System.

Right now, the system of the One God and the prehistoric civilization were hiding in primal-chaos, struggling at death's door.

If the System of the One God wanted to return to its peak, it would have to unify all the worlds and gather faith. Only then would it be able to return to the glory of the prehistoric civilization. But that was clearly impossible.

"But the One God System and the prehistoric civilization's warship fled. They used up a lot of their savings, and their power dropped. They'll definitely go looking for a host. I wonder who will get this system."

Gu Chensha stood in the primal-chaos, watching the endless tribulations of the Heavenly Dao descend upon him and drown him. But he seemed to be taking a stroll in his own backyard, and a diagram of creation, birth, and destruction appeared above his head.

All of the tribulations of the Heavenly Dao were sucked into the diagram of creation, birth, and destruction, becoming food.

'The tribulation of the dao of heaven is itself a type of experience and knowledge. My Dragonless Mental Dharma absorbs that experience and knowledge from the systems of the One God, creating a crucible that can combine the quintessence of two civilizations and give birth to a new civilization.' Gu Chensha's body disintegrated, as if he could not withstand this power.

But after disintegrating, he gathered back together, as if he had been remolded, and his body was even stronger.

The Heavenly Dao shattered him over and over again, and then reformed him over and over again. Gu Chensha didn't know how much time had passed, but then, with a cracking sound, the final core of his body shattered and transformed into the aura of a celestial. As of this moment, he had completely and utterly become a celestial.

In the moment that he became a celestial, all of primal-chaos trembled violently, which spread out into the chaotic flows of space-time, and then into the infinite worlds. All of the worlds, all of space-time, all of it seemed to seethe.

Gu Chensha knew that when he became a celestial, the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman would come to an end. It was a coincidence, but it was also inevitable.

The fluctuations of the infinite worlds just now were the fluctuations of the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman. The tribulation had begun. The universe was about to experience a new transformation.

Was it because he had become a celestial that triggered the tribulation, or because his ascension had coincided with the tribulation? None of that mattered. What mattered was that heaven and earth were about to experience a new transformation. The Emperor Of Heaven was about to come out, and the true tribulation and battle was about to begin. Inside the Dragonless Gourd.

Lou Baiyue and the other experts from the Celestial Steadiness Department were gathered together, observing the changes in the Divine Prefecture. All of them were very sensitive, and could sense that heaven and earth were shaking, and that all sorts of images from the future could be seen. Heaven and earth were different than before, and yet, they couldn't say exactly what was different.

"The thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman has come to an end," Yang Qi said. "Thirty-six years ago, His Majesty announced the establishment of the Yongchō Dynasty. I have to say, this is simply too much of a coincidence. "

Lou Baiyue said, "The tribulation has just begun, and Chensha has become a celestial. That's another coincidence. Unfortunately, the One God System has fled, and is now in the Divine Prefecture. It's impossible to say who it's latched onto." "We can only deal with the myriad changes by remaining unchanged," Wen Hong said.

"The Dragonless Cabinet has been established, and the Celestial Steadiness Department and the Celestial Designer Institute are things of the past. The Crown Prince has announced that they have been abolished. Henceforth, the imperial court is ushering in a new era. "

"We have ninety-nine percent of the crystallization of the prehistoric civilization," Zhuge Ya said. "Only the secret of the One God System remains. If we could get it all, we would reach a terrifying level of power."

All of a sudden, someone appeared in the Dragonless Gourd, which was none other than Gu Chensha. "Now that the One God System has fled, we need to capture it and refine it."

At that moment, Gu Chensha, who had ascended to become a Celestial Venerate, had returned. The aura on his body was completely different from before. He looked very ordinary, but upon closer inspection, he seemed to have no physical form. He was just a representative of one civilization after another. He was the embodiment of many civilizations and the final form of knowledge.

At this time, his state and realm had surpassed all cultivators in history, to say nothing of his cultivation.

In the future, the only person in the Heavenly Court who could match up to him would be the Emperor Of Heaven. [Transmission. Host. Deposit …]

The shrunken warship of the prehistoric civilization and the One God System had completely concealed their auras, and were now the true essence of civilization. Buzz … It disappeared into the Four Wilds of Heaven and the Divine Land, and no one knew who it was in.

"I can't accept this. Why is my position as the Crown Prince gone?"

In the Crown Prince's palace in the Barbarian Land, Crown Prince Gu Xuansha was furious, but there was nothing he could do. He had thought that his position as the Crown Prince had been conferred by Heavenly Talisman Emperor, so even if he had lost power, his position was still there.

However, just three days ago, Lou Baiyue suddenly announced to the world in the name of "His Majesty's Presence" that the Crown Prince had conspired against the law, harmed the country, and blasphemed against the common people. The Crown Prince's title was revoked, and he was imprisoned in the Imperial Palace.

The moment the announcement was made to the world, the Dragonless Gourd released a power that completely sealed the Crown Prince in the palace. Crown Prince Gu Xuansha had hooked up with the Master of Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha, and with his support, he had started to contact people, preparing to build another Crown Prince faction within the imperial court to compete with the Calming Deities Department. However, this time, Lou Baiyue had announced to the world that he had been imprisoned, and the world had not reacted at all. Even the Master of Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha had not come to save him.

He had been abolished just like that, and he had lost the support of the people in the world. He no longer had the ability to stir up trouble.

His heart was burning with anger, and he wanted to burn everything and hate everything, but it was useless.

This was because his strength was too weak. He wasn't even a match for a common people marshal. Thinking about it, the 360 common people marshals of the Tranquil Immortal Department had all advanced to the Empyrean Realm, and they even had their own True God positions. This power made Crown Prince Gu Xuansha feel despair.

"I can't accept this!"

Gu Xuansha shouted again, "I have been away from the imperial court since I was a child, because I wanted to cultivate a secret method and gather forces. Then I would return to the imperial court and seize power. After I came back, I was made the Crown Prince, and I thought I could control the imperial court. But why?

I can't accept this! I want to rule the world, and be the master of the world. I want to kill, kill, kill … Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, how dare you abolish me! Gu Tiansha, you made me your pawn and slave. You all have to die! " Gu Xuansha shouted hysterically. But no one responded to him, and no one could hear his shout.

Because this place was completely sealed. Outsiders could not come in, and the people inside could not go out, either. Only Gu Xuansha was alone in an independent space. This was the seal, the most painful torture.

Lou Baiyue knew that Gu Xuansha had not given up. He had colluded with the enemy and tried to mess things up. Imprisoning him like this was already letting him off easy. Because she did not abolish all of his cultivation.

After the shout, the Ancient Mystic Sand quieted down. Suddenly, an invisible thought pierced through time and space and entered his body.

"Civilization, spread, system, parasite …" A battleship appeared in his mind. Mobile users, please visit M. Read for a better reading experience.