Chapter 1153
============

The Reappearance of the Challenger

"That's right. Right now, we can naturally use our boundless spirit force. But when our spirit force is unleashed, it would be tainted by the external world, causing all sorts of strange changes to occur. Also, the contamination in the world seems to be getting denser and denser." A supreme immortal-ranked expert sighed. His body moved as a surge of spirit force appeared in his body, condensing into a treasured sword. This was his unique divine art, "Ten Thousand Swords Annihilation."

It was a technique that used spirit force to condense billions of sword seas and sword rivers. Its killing prowess was extremely great. But now, as his cultivation base grew higher, he actually started to lose control of it.

The moment this treasured sword formed from spirit force appeared, it seemed to be tainted by the external world. After that, a lot of black qi appeared on its surface as miserable screams rang out. It was like all the negative emotions in the many universes were gathered together.

After that, this sword gained its own intelligence. With a violent movement, it actually slashed toward that supreme immortal-ranked expert, wanting to devour its master.

That supreme immortal-ranked expert sighed. With a flick of his finger, the sword was directly destroyed.

"The amount of negative emotions in the world is increasing."

When the old ancestor saw this, he spoke in a sorrowful tone, "I knew something like this would happen. Think about it, as long as one is human, they would have negative emotions. It's the same even if one's cultivation reached the highest realm. All of us can use our spirit force and enjoy the benefits of boundless energy. But when we unleash our spirit force, the negative emotions in the depths of our hearts would also be released. When they gather in the world, the amount of negative emotions would naturally increase and turn into devils. It's just like how when the population of a city increases, although life would be more convenient, the amount of trash would also increase, eventually turning the city into a city of trash.

Our entire multivariate universe is the same. If a savior doesn't appear, I think we won't be far from destruction in the future. " "Old ancestor, what should we do? Who in this multiverse can save the situation? "Many Undying Immortal disciples asked.

"Gu Chensha, only the legendary Gu Chensha exists. He has experienced the destruction and rebirth of the multiverse many times, and he is many times more ancient than us. It's said that in an extremely ancient era, the entire multiverse was just a small world. All the people and living creatures relied on plundering to survive. It was a cycle of life and death, forever trapped in that small world. After that, Gu Chensha appeared out of nowhere and taught everyone how to use spirit force, causing the multiverse to be born one by one, eventually reaching the current scale. If we can find this person, we might still be saved." As the Old Ancestor spoke, the black shadow above his head suddenly spoke.

"Hehe … You all have no hope. I will rule the entire multiverse."

This person who looked exactly like the Patriarch was a devil formed from negative emotions. It had the same power as the Patriarch. He began to display his might. However, there was a hint of determination in the patriarch's eyes. Suddenly, raging flames burst out of his body, wrapping around the demon.

"No, no, you actually want to die with me. You deserve to die, deserve to die." The demon was shocked.

"That's right. If I don't die with you, I might not be able to control you."

The Old Ancestor said, "Remember, you must find Gu Chensha and ask him to change the situation of the multiverse."

Then, the old ancestor and the demon turned into ashes and disappeared completely. In fact, nothing was left behind.

"Old Ancestor …" All the disciples knelt down. In a mysterious place. Gu Chensha was still observing the changes in the multiverse.

The entire multiverse entered a period of chaos. Many demons appeared one after another, but because of this, there were many heroes who had mysteriously appeared out of nowhere, and each one was stronger than the last.

Some peerless freaks were brewing, and the multiverse became more and more complicated. Some existences even stronger than the white-clothed youth had already appeared.

Back then, Zhou Qin and the others were all indomitable existences. They were definitely at the peak of the universe. Even geniuses, geniuses, and people with unparalleled luck could not surpass them. Even Gu Xinjian, the fake 'Gu Taxian', could not surpass Zhou Qin and the others.

Later, Zhou Qin and the others turned into the white-clothed youth. They were even more powerful and invincible.

Unfortunately, they were still defeated by Gu Chensha. Their power was scattered in all directions, and no one knew where it went. However, it was certain that one day, it would definitely be obtained by a fortuitous encounter. That fortuitous encounter would obtain power even stronger than the white-clothed youth.

"Since you removed the virtual interface, the multiverse has become even more chaotic. Everyone is abusing their mind power.

Moreover, they have a lot of negative emotions, resulting in the birth of many demons. When these demons wreak havoc, shouldn't we suppress them? "Lou Baiyue said," Otherwise, we will suffer greatly. "

"The entire multiverse used to be a clear ocean. Unfortunately, this ocean is gradually being polluted."

Wen Hong said, "However, this is very useful for our cultivation. If we can comprehend the method to cleanse the contamination, we can truly stand at the peak of the multivariate universe and dictate the fate of the entire multivariate universe."

"That's right. This is a situation that I created. I don't wish to change it. Actually, a hundred million years ago, this was the will of the masses. They didn't like being bound by my virtual interface, so I simply removed it. Now, they already know the disadvantages. But it's too late. "

Gu Chensha calmly said, "You guys should seize the time and comprehend more. Next, I might have to engage in a great battle because the great existences that are born will comprehend the tenth level of the undying realm. There is no undying realm." "There is no undying existence that will be born?"

Lou Baiyue felt nervous in the depths of her heart. This was because she knew that even Gu Chensha hadn't reached the tenth level of the undying realm. There was no undying realm.

Just as Gu Chensha was speaking, in the distant boundary of the multiverse, there seemed to be a certain existence silently cultivating, preparing to appear. This existence was a young man with a disdainful heroic aura. This heroic aura seemed to want to soar into the sky. Behind him, a lump of white shadow was faintly discernible.

"I've finally succeeded. After spending so many years, I've finally collected all the essence qi left behind by that white-robed young man who died back then. I've also comprehended a world-shaking secret. So this is how the multiverse is. To think that the future will be like this. Seems like I have the qualifications to be a true existence. This world is already extremely polluted. Everyone has comprehended spirit force, but because of the negative emotions in their hearts, they are also polluted. If this continues, the multiverse will be finished sooner or later." The white shadow behind the young man struggled violently. However, he managed to suppress this white shadow.

"Brother, your era has passed," the young man spoke to the white shadow.

"You have already been killed by Gu Chensha. Right now, you are no longer the you of the past. Instead, you are an existence born from the emotions of countless people. Since that's the case, don't struggle anymore. Let me refine you and obtain all your experiences, memories, knowledge, cultivation realm, and everything else. Let me comprehend the tenth level of the undying realm. There is no undying realm!"

This white shadow struggled violently, unleashing a power that could destroy the world. Sadly, all of it was suppressed by this young man.

If this young man's strength was in the past, he would most probably be a supreme undying existence with a lifespan of over ten trillion years. It was unknown how he managed to cultivate to this realm.

Golden chains appeared on his body. These chains pierced through space and time, reaching the body of the white shadow. They directly penetrated through all the acupuncture points of the white shadow and started to arrange. "There is no undying realm.

I have already grasped some of the foundations. I can say with certainty that I will definitely become the first person to reach this supreme realm. Gu Chensha, in these hundreds of millions of years, I don't know how many peerless existences have tried to challenge your position. However, no matter how many, none of them could be your opponent. Anyway, you can't be the eternal main character. As long as I can reach the tenth level of the undying realm, I will have a higher realm than Gu Chensha. Then, I will be able to suppress him completely and destroy an eternal legend. "

This young man suddenly entered an unimaginable realm. He gradually devoured the white shadow into his body. Then, his body became faintly discernible. It seemed to be between existence and non-existence, but it was definitely not existence and non-existence. This was a state that no one could understand. Days passed one by one. Soon, a hundred thousand years had passed. This young man had been cultivating in seclusion here all this time.

In these hundred thousand years, the entire multivariate universe had become extremely complicated. There had been more and more filth. Many Patriarchs had died from Qi Deviation and lost the virtual interface. Not only did these people not increase their lifespans, but they had also died because of the frequent bursts of tribulations. On this day.

Suddenly, something seemed to have spread to the entire multivariate universe. In an instant, in the depths of the multivariate universe, countless filth and negative spiritual power seemed to have been absorbed by some invincible power. Then, this power kept spinning and formed a huge network. This allowed all living beings in the multivariate universe to communicate with each other spiritually. No matter how far away they were, they could communicate through this great spiritual network.

Moreover, this spiritual network could also absorb people's negative emotions, eliminating the risk of Qi Deviation for all living beings.

"Did Gu Chensha make a move?" "Only Gu Chensha has this ability …" Countless experts in the multivariate universe were discussing this.

However, at this moment, a voice resounded in everyone's hearts. "I am Hao Xuan, and I have cultivated to Immortal Level Ten. There is no Immortal Realm.

From now on, the entire multivariate universe is under my rule. Of course, I have created the No Immortal Network so that you can connect to this network through your hearts. You have to obey the rules, and you will obtain immortal lifespans. There will no longer be any risk of Qi Deviation. " ..... The new book will be released on the 31st of January.

In the remaining nine days, I will be holding a book release conference. The location will be "1376 South Jing West Road, Jing An District, Shanghai City. Fourth floor of the Ritz-Carlton Hotel. The time will be starting at 14 pm.

Those who are interested in the book can come and have some fun. We will discuss the content of the new book and Kung Fu. "