Chapter 616
===========

"I seem to have comprehended something."

Gu Chensha's Ghost Cry's body flashed and his cultivation went from Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body to Dao Realm Ten Transformation One Heart.

"Amazing, Brother Cry, you really had a fortuitous encounter."

Longevity God thought that he had seen through Gu Chensha. At the same time, after such a long conversation, he knew that Ghost Cry was a talent and wanted to recruit him.

Gu Chensha, on the other hand, wanted to obtain the dao orthodoxy of Fortune, Fortune, and Longevity from the Longevity God, and from there, he would understand the profundities of fortune, longevity, and fortune.

Now that he had obtained all the mysteries of the Warlock Saint, his comprehension of his cultivation was even more profound. He could undergo a huge transformation at any time, so he was not in a hurry. He could slowly deal with the God of Longevity and learn the secrets of the Immortal Teacher Wan.

Zhuge Ya had reached God Realm and many of Calming Celestial Department's plans could be slowly activated. In a sect, the difference between having a God Realm and not being God Realm was simply too great. With God Realm, one could use their dust world to absorb the worship and faith power of the sect.

"Brother Wu Lu, what should we do now?"

Gu Chensha asked, "We didn't find anything during our exploration of Rich Mountain. It seems like we aren't fated with this place. Let's head down and search for something else." "We can only travel the world and see our luck. Let's head to the old capital city to take a look. "Longevity God said.

"Old capital city? Will there be any treasures appearing there? "Gu Chensha asked.

"Right, the old capital city is where the true King Energy is gathered. Sin Province is Yin and the old capital city is Yang. Between Yin and Yang, the entire God Province is a place where Taiji is. If one were to talk about the biggest fortuitous encounters in the world, it would be in the old capital city." Longevity God said.

"That's true."

Gu Chensha nodded his head. Actually, there were many fortuitous encounters all over the world, causing numerous people to appear. Many experts who didn't appear in the world also came to the Central Divine Continent. Not to mention anything else, security was a problem.

Fights broke out in almost every province. They were fights between cultivators to seize treasures. Killing and plundering had become a common occurrence. This made the imperial court very unhappy, and the local officials were under great pressure to maintain public order.

The good thing was that the Common People's Grand Marshal was currently suppressing the various provinces. Together with the many disciples of the Common People's Hope Academy, as well as the power of the dimensional realm behind him, many experts didn't dare to act recklessly.

For example, this time, even the Black Heaven Earth Gate and the Dharma Saint only dared to fight in the space-time turbulence. If it affected Jiangzhou, the Calming Fairy Department would come out to suppress it. The Black Heaven Earth Sect was also extremely wary of the Department of Tranquility. After all, the Tranquil Immortal Department currently had sixteen Saints.

Every other day, their strength would improve by leaps and bounds. This kind of speed was not something that any sect or faction could compare to. Gu Chensha was also relieved of all the problems in the world.

Long Zaifei, Lou Huaiyue, and Liu Yu were all born with Innate Saint Aptitudes. These seven innate Saint Aptitudes were sufficient for them to operate the Imperial Court under complicated circumstances.

One had to know that a genius could rule an entire country and a top genius could become a wise ruler. In ancient times, as long as one obtained the Heaven Worship Decree, one could become a Son of Heaven, much less seven with Innate Saint Aptitudes.

Although the world was in chaos and it was getting more and more intense, this was a huge chance for the bunch of young people from the Department of Tranquility to train their skills.

"Since Brother Yiqiu agrees, then let's head to the old capital city."

Longevity God said, "The old capital city is tens of thousands of miles away. Luckily, we can fly. Brother Yiqiu has cultivated the Dao Realm Ten Transformations, 1,000 Uses at One Heart, and his strength is really strong. He can better control the Xiantian Astral Energy, so it is much easier to fly."

"Mental Energy is the key to controlling the Xiantian Astral Energy. I comprehended the Ten Transformations, 1,000 Uses at One Heart, and I can use it freely."

Gu Chensha said this on purpose. A thread of Xiantian Astral Energy appeared and wrapped around his body. It formed a spiral and he floated into the air.

"What a flying technique."

A weird expression appeared in Longevity God's eyes, "You really are a talent. Entering Five Ghost Sect was a waste of talent." While they spoke, Longevity God also flew into the air.

"Brother Yiqiu's tone makes you sound like someone important." Gu Chensha said on purpose.

"Hahaha." Longevity God was shocked and laughed out loud.

"Brother Yiqiu, look at the world now. The Department of Tranquility is like an iron bucket.

Even if the world is filled with fortuitous encounters and many cultivators are fighting to snatch treasures, they don't dare to do so openly. "The two of them flew in the air and observed many states and places. Gu Chensha wanted to see how Longevity God ruled the country.

Longevity God Jin Suibo had studied him before. His evaluation was that this god was extremely cunning and had extraordinary methods. Moreover, he was very outstanding in managing his own sect. He was able to develop and expand in a short period of time, and he was even able to establish relationships with many profound sects. He was able to skillfully navigate the complicated Immortal Dao, thus establishing a huge foundation.

Zhuge Ya evaluated this person as a Mini The Great Spirit God, which was worthy of Gu Chensha's observation.

"The talents of the Department of Tranquility are enough. Just look at Lou Huaiyue, Long Zaifei, and the five reincarnations of the Five Seasons Gods. They have all become Innate Saints. They are good cards."

Longevity God said: "This good card is played well in the hands of the Department of Tranquility, but in my opinion, there are still some unsatisfactory areas." "Oh? I'd like to hear the details. "

Gu Chensha said: "When I was in Five Ghost Sect, I persuaded the sect master to temporarily endure and not fight against the imperial court. He should live in seclusion in the mountains and develop. Unfortunately, the sect master was bewitched and wanted to fight against Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor, which led to his death."

When he recalled this, he became depressed and immersed in the past, which made Longevity God believe that he was Ghost Weep even more.

"The Department of Tranquility is too unyielding and made enemies all over the world.

If it were me, I wouldn't offend all the aristocratic families. Instead, I would divide them, rope them in, and divide them.

The aristocratic families are not united. As long as we suppress them a little, we can eliminate the threat. "

Longevity God said: "Of course, the Department of Tranquility also has its own purpose. It is to let everyone in the world understand that the Department of Tranquility has already grasped great power. It is more convenient to gather the hearts of the people, and it is more convenient for them to gather the people's hearts. Once they are obstructed, they will fall into a disadvantageous position. The general trend of the world, since ancient times, has never been like this. It can be said that a bow is like a full moon, a heavy force is easy to break. The great cause of a thousand years is about good fortune and slow calculation. When you can compromise, you have to compromise. The reason why the three Heavenly Venerables were able to dominate the Supreme Ancient Era for tens of thousands of years is not because of their strength, but because of their patience." "Brother Wu Lu is thought-provoking."

Gu Chensha nodded. But deep in his heart, he felt that Longevity God's plan was for him, while the Department of Tranquility was for the people of the world.

While flying, Gu Chensha discussed the general trend of the world with Longevity God, as well as the movements of the various sects. Sure enough, Longevity God knew almost everything in the world. The people, the aristocratic families, the bureaucracy, and even the cultivators of the Immortal Dao. All kinds of plans were in his research.

In particular, his research on the various matters of the common people was extremely profound. He even knew farming season, farming, mechanisms, and governance like the back of his hand, pushing through layers to bring forth new ones.

Jin Suibo himself was a genius. In the Immortal Dao, he was known as the Sage. Gu Chensha relied on him to do many things. The tax collection in the Immortal Dao was all thanks to him. Now that the Department of Tranquility had such a situation, he had at least 20% of the credit.

But after this discussion, Gu Chensha realized that Longevity God's ability was far above Jin Suibo's.

He couldn't help but have thoughts of subduing this Longevity God to become his helper in managing the Small God Province. But he also knew that this god would be extremely difficult to subdue. One must know that Longevity God was at the peak of the Dao Realm's 32 transformations, 'One Year Through Heaven'. Moreover, he had merged the three god orthodoxies and was about to break through the 33 transformations, 'Truth Saint Heart', to become a Saint. Although Longevity God was limited by his talent, it was difficult to break through. But with the changes of the Heavenly Dao, the restrictions were not as strong. Even the Heavenly Tribulation and Heavenly Punishment were only half as strong as before.

This way, Longevity God might really be able to break through the limit of talent and become a Saint. How could such a person be easily subdued?

Moreover, Zhuge Ya said that this person was the Mini The Great Spirit God. Even if he was temporarily subdued, he would be nurturing a tiger that would invite calamity. In the future, he would definitely rebel. Such a person could not be subdued.

Gu Chensha's heart repeatedly made this judgment, and killing intent rose in him. This god was an expert at stirring up chaos in the world. Moreover, Gu Chensha could see that this god's luck was boundless and that he would have huge fortuitous encounters in the future. Perhaps, in the future, this god would be a crucial figure.

Perhaps, this trip to the old capital city would allow him to obtain a treasure that was even stronger than the True God Throne.

Gu Chensha was calculating Longevity God's background, and Longevity God was also observing Gu Chensha. Along the way, Longevity God noticed that Gu Chensha's insights were exquisite, especially in the Dao of Operation.

At this moment, Longevity God already wanted to take Gu Chensha under his command, but he didn't do anything for now. Firstly, he wanted to obtain fortuitous encounters, and secondly, he wanted to see what other fortuitous encounters this Ghost Cry had.

At this moment, Longevity God had already fused the three great orthodoxies, and he could already see some things. In his opinion, this Ghost Weep had great fortune, and he was afraid that he would have many fortuitous encounters. Thus, he wanted to take this fortuitous encounter into his pocket.