Chapter 305
===========

Gu Chensha had long since known that Aunt Hu couldn't be trusted, which was why he hadn't agreed to any of her conditions. But now that Zhuge Ya had become the Lord of Seven Stars, he could completely suppress the nine-tailed fox.

No matter how powerful Aunt Hu was, no matter how many schemes she had, it was impossible for her to plot against the Lord of Seven Stars.

"Your excellency, the Lord of Seven Stars, your calculations are flawless. I trust you." Aunt Hu knew that relying on the Celestial Pacification Department would be beneficial. After all, Zhuge Ya was an example.

Not only had the Lord of Seven Stars not spied on him, but he had even helped him fuse with the seven star profundities. That was a testament to his righteousness and moral character.

If he hadn't plotted against the Lord of Seven Stars, then the Heavenly Demon Tome wasn't worth plotting against.

"However, you've resisted the Celestial Pacification Department on numerous occasions," Zhuge Ya said. "Now you need to show some sincerity and help us refine the Heavenly Demon Tome. Refine it into the sphere of Common Life's Will and transform it into a heaven-shaking, earth-shattering magical treasure. I trust that you and the North Star will control a portion of the Heavenly Demon Tome. As long as you don't cause trouble or resist, and help us, you'll definitely succeed. With this treasure, we won't have to fear any attacks from the old-timers. What do you say?" "That's all we can do," sighed Aunt Hu.

"Don't act like you're on the losing end," said Gu Chensha.

"His Majesty is in seclusion. Many people believe he's disappeared, but that's not the case. Is that right?

If he comes out of seclusion and we offer the Heavenly Demon Tome to him, you and the will of the North Star will be annihilated. " "Alright, let's begin."

Zhuge Ya waved his hand. "We need to forge this magic treasure before the power of the Immunity Talisman disappears. Otherwise, once the power of the talisman disappears, we'll still have to face the old antiques' attacks." He waved his hands again, sending boundless power into the Heavenly Demon Tome.

Aunt Hu fell silent. The power of the North Star vanished, and instead began to circulate within the tome.

In an instant, the Skydemon Book transformed into a rune and entered the interior of the Life's Wish sphere.

Gu Chensha immediately saw that the Skydemon Book's runes were indeed divided into several layers. The outermost layer was formed by the Demon Soul Kingdom, and the innermost layer was a space that seemed to contain many treasures.

And in the core space, there was an earthen yellow thing. It seemed to be formed from the Law of Earth, the True Meaning of Earth.

"Aunt Hu, there are many treasures in the Skydemon Book. We don't want all of them from you. You have to show some sincerity and help us condense puppets."

Lou Baiyue said, "Chensha, you now have 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals. This is the foundation. We have comprehended the Common People Mending the Heavens and Common People Reforming the Heavens, complementing each other and turning them into brand new divine generals. There are many treasures in the Book of Heavenly Demons, and there are also many demonic souls. We can take this opportunity to refine all 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals into Common People Divine Generals." "Good idea. Mr. Zhuge can calculate for us." Gu Chensha was overjoyed.

Originally, his Heaven Mending Divine Generals had all reached the Dao Realm 12 Transformation Soul Snatching Realm.

Now that they were being refined, they merged with Lou Baiyue's will and merged with Common People Mending the Heavens and Common People Reforming the Heavens to become Common People God Generals.

These Common People God Generals along with the many treasures and demonic souls in the Book of Heavenly Demons would definitely be able to refine Dao Realm 14 Transformation Primordial Spirit Leaving Body Puppets.

Once these puppets were refined successfully, it would be the same as having 360 talented Primordial Spirit Leaving Body Realm experts. Honglong!

Under Zhuge Ya's control, many treasures and materials flew out from within the Book of Heavenly Demons.

These materials were all scattered by the power of the six experts. Along with the power of the Buzhou Palace, all the materials' essence energy was melted.

As expected, within the Common People's Wish ball, the 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals scattered and turned into runes. They wriggled and numerous materials merged into them. There were also all sorts of souls and all sorts of powers.

Zhuge Ya's current cultivation was simply shocking. With a slight movement, numerous starlight injected into it and nearly turned into a physical form.

The Vermillion Bird and Black Tortoise activated the fire and water laws while Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue activated the secret techniques that they comprehended. Jin Suibo also used his full strength.

There were indeed many treasures within the Book of Heavenly Demons. There were some ancient items from the Ancient Desolate Era. These items were all shattered and merged into the Heaven Mending Divine Generals' bodies.

Slowly, the 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals turned into brand new Divine Generals. All of them actually had three heads and six arms. They had a vertical eye at the center of their brows and they held three pointed, double-edged blades, halberds, bows, arrows, blades, and swords. Several days passed.

The 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals shook and a powerful primordial spirit power was born from their heads. All of them became experts at the Primordial Spirit Leaving Body Realm. At this moment, the Book of Heavenly Demons had completely fused with the Life's Wish sphere.

The Orb of Common People's Wish had already expanded to a radius of tens of miles. It floated in the air above Gu Dusha's fief. Countless starlight shone down. The starlight had completely solidified. It was unknown how much energy had been infused into it.

After another full month, the power of the Death Exemption Talisman suddenly dissipated, and the energy barrier that covered the entire fief disappeared.

In the instant that the barrier disappeared, many huge hands suddenly came from beyond the sky. However, the sphere of Common People's Wish that was dozens of miles wide suddenly squirmed and swallowed those huge hands.

Next, the sphere rapidly expanded, once again transforming into a barrier of spatial fluctuations, enveloping the entire fief within a radius of several hundred li.

Gu Chensha's group had finally fused the Dragon's Gate, Buzhou Palace, and the Book of Heavenly Demons together. They had also obtained many treasures and materials from the Book of Heavenly Demons, refining the Heaven Mending Divine Generals into Life Divine Generals. Everyone had benefited greatly.

The combined power of several people, along with the Book of Heavenly Demons and the North Star will, was enough to block the attacks of many of the old-timers.

The North Star will of the Book of Heavenly Demons was also extremely powerful. The Book of Heavenly Demons worked together with the Buzhou Palace, and their powerful energies complemented each other.

In the blink of an eye, the Book of Heavenly Demons had devoured many of the old-timers' attacks and converted them into its own power. This was the full power of the Celestial Calmness Department.

Everyone in the Celestial Calmness Department joined forces, and with the newly refined Life's Wish sphere, they were able to protect themselves. After the first wave of attacks, nothing happened. No one attacked again.

The Death Exemption Talisman had stalled for several months. Many of the old-timers knew that during this time, the Lord of Seven Star had already completely fused with her own power and would no longer be able to wrest away the mysteries of the seven stars. But that wasn't the main reason.

The true reason was that the Death Exemption Talisman had unleashed its power. Now that Emperor Heavenly Talisman was fine, many of the old-timers didn't dare to attack again for fear that he would casually kill them. Emperor Heavenly Talisman could even suppress a Sage with a flip of his hand.

Sensing that there was no longer any threat from the old-timers, everyone in their fiefdom sighed in relief. Things had finally settled down. The tension that had been building up over the past few days had finally come to an end. Most of the major powers knew how powerful the Celestial Calmness Department was.

The Celestial Calmness Department now had the Lord of Seven Star and the Lord of Five Star. It now had a world-shaking cornerstone treasure.

"Huff …" Gu Chensha looked up at the sun and let out a long sigh. "Now that the Celestial Calmness Department has passed this tribulation, we can truly contend with the Heavenly Designer Institute. No one will ever look down on us again. Suibo, it'll be much more convenient for you to traverse the path of immortals." "Many thanks to the Minister and Mister Zhuge for your support."

Jin Suibo knelt on one knee. "If it weren't for the Minister and Mister Zhuge, I wouldn't have become the Lord of Five Star. Also, without the Emperor's Death Exemption Talisman, even if I could refine the five stars, I would've died from countless tribulations."

Jin Suibo was right. Refining a five-star profundity into one's nascent spirit would cause quite a commotion. Add to that the fact that he'd forcefully seized the profundity and fused it with all sorts of tribulations, but with the Death Exemption Talisman, both natural and man-made calamities would be spared. No tribulations would invade his body. Unquenchable by ten thousand tribulations.

If Emperor Heavenly Talisman said he could avoid death, then even the heavens couldn't do anything to him.

Only now did Jin Suibo realize the Celestial Talisman Emperor's power. No, it couldn't even be described as power. It was a supreme power that could distort all things. If I say you won't die, then you won't die. Jin Suibo completely understood that following the Celestial Talisman Emperor was his only choice.

"King Chen, your Life's Wish has finally been refined. However, it still needs a long time to polish and refine. This treasure has completely fused with the Book of Heavenly Fey and Buzhou Palace. It has become a colossal object. Even with so many experts working together, we can only unleash a very small portion of its power."

Zhuge Ya sighed. "Therefore, I'm afraid you can't bring this treasure with you in the future. There's no way you can activate it."

Gu Chensha circulated his Primordial Spirit, and sure enough, he discovered that although this newly refined sphere of Common People's Wish had a strong telepathic connection with him, he felt that his strength was too weak, and he was unable to keep this treasure with him. However, as long as he was in his fief, he could still use many of the treasure's abilities. In other words, he was now empty-handed and had lost a protective treasure.

"Everyone, let's work together to collect it," Zhuge Ya said.

Everyone hurriedly mobilized the power of their nascent spirits. The Life's Wish sphere in the sky suddenly shrank to the size of a house and fell into the crypt of the fief.

"None of us can activate this ball by ourselves. It can only be used to protect our land. However, with this ball guarding our land, no matter how powerful the Ape Tribe and the Berserker Tribe are, they won't be able to enter our land. Besides, if we train here for one year, we'll be able to resist them for several decades."

Lou Baiyue could see that this newly refined treasure was really a "mountain guarding treasure". If he wanted to bring it around, he would have to increase his cultivation by several times.

"Chief, if you go out now, I'm afraid you won't have a treasure to protect you. That's not a good thing," Jin Suibo said hurriedly.

"It's fine. I've relied on the Dragon Sect for a long time, causing my cultivation to lack some training. Actually, with my current cultivation, I can totally kill a Golden Dan Great Dao cultivator."

Gu Chensha didn't mind. Back then, with the Dragon Sect and Buzhou Palace combined, his strength was unparalleled. But now that he didn't have this treasure, he was no weakling.

He had comprehended the Life Mend Heaven Technique and obtained the Heavenly Divine Light to expand his sea of consciousness and nascent spirit. He had also merged with the profound meaning of the two stars of Heaven's Sin and Earth's Evil. His own cultivation was already earth-shattering. Now that he didn't have a treasure, he felt relaxed, as though he had removed some kind of burden. This feeling was like when the Heaven Offering Talisman flew away.