Chapter 494
===========

Wu Dangkong's reputation was not good to begin with. Now that he had set up the Sun and Moon Bureau, suppressed dissidents, and captured scholars, he had crossed the bottom line of public opinion.

Qin Han raised his arm and called out. Immediately, the scholars and adventurers in Sin State City gathered to respond.

"Kill these dogs! Then kill the evil concubine. "A scholar was about to step forward.

"Everyone, please wait."

Gu Chensha came forward and said, "These dogs do deserve to die, but they should be punished by the laws of the country. We will kill them directly. This is not what scholars should do. If the court does not punish them, then we will capture the culprit, the evil concubine, Wu Dangkong. As the saying goes, capture the leader to capture the followers. As long as we capture and kill the evil concubine, everything will be solved." "Brother Fang is right."

Qin Han looked coldly at the people of the Sun and Moon Bureau on the ground. "I don't know how these dogs were chosen by the evil concubine. Right now, the people of the world are all on the court's side. Even if they criticize, it is in good faith. These dogs are all deranged. It can be seen that they are birds of the same feather as the evil concubine. Killing them will dirty our hands." "Hurry up and get lost!"

Another scholar shouted fiercely. "Go back and tell the evil concubine that if she goes against the law again, we will take her head."

"The Emperor has been in seclusion for a long time. Why hasn't he come out yet? If he comes out, we will remove the evil concubine and restore justice to the court."

"These dogs are really despicable. Just now, they were so aggressive and wanted to throw us into prison. They even wanted to execute our families and kill our nine generations."

"Now that the law of executing the entire family has been abolished, does that evil concubine still want to restore it?"

"That is hard to say. Look, the evil concubine can even capture scholars and control public opinion. What else does she not dare to do? The evil concubine has already lost her mind and doesn't care what the people of the world think. " "The evil concubine must be eliminated, or else the world will fall into chaos." The scholars all shouted angrily.

"Brother Qin Han, your cultivation is actually so high that you defeated the evil concubine's dogs in one move. However, this evil concubine will definitely not let us go. We will follow your lead!" a scholar said.

"Everyone, we must unite in order to deal with the treacherous concubine, purge the Emperor's side, and kill the treacherous concubine."

Qin Han Tuantuan cupped his hands in greeting. "However, with our strength, it would be difficult for us to contend against the treacherous concubine. We must rely on the Calming Immortal Department. Let's go to the Calming Immortal Department's Chamber of Commerce now." "Alright!" Many scholars followed Qin Han's lead.

"You actually dare to go against the imperial court and offend the Empress? You're rebelling, you're rebelling!"

The Sin Province commander of the Sun and Moon Bureau climbed up, shocked, angry, and afraid. "Quickly hand over the armor, and your crimes can be lessened. Otherwise, a hundred times is not enough for you to die."

The Divine Prefecture's Ominous Armor was an item from the Immemorial Age, and it could no longer be refined now. These people from the Sun and Moon Division had only come as a temporary transfer, and they did not belong to them. After completing the mission, the armor had to be stored again. Now that they had lost the armor, they might not be able to keep their heads.

"Scram!"

Qin Han waved his sleeves and a gust of Xiantian Qi turned into a hurricane that swept up all of them and threw them far away, rendering them unable to move. The commotion was so great that the entire Sin State City immediately knew about it.

"Not good, something has happened. Report it to the higher-ups." There was also a Clear Sky Chamber of Commerce in Sin State City.

At this time, within the Clear Sky Chamber of Commerce, a few of the higher-ups in charge discovered the situation here. They also discovered that the people of the Sun and Moon Bureau had been attacked, and their armor had been stolen.

The people in charge of the Clear Sky Chamber of Commerce were also experts. They looked at each other and immediately reported this matter to the higher-ups through various secret channels.

Gu Chensha's eyes looked over, and he only smiled coldly. "This Sin State City is indeed full of crouching tigers and hidden dragons.

It seems that I have come to the right place. This place has already begun to be invaded by the demons. Many adventurers have come here to train, cultivate, and obtain wealth. Those who are able to come here have more or less had fortuitous encounters and abilities. I can find many people who were born in the great calamity here, and may even find people who were reincarnated by Xing Chen. Wu Dangkong gathered the Sun and Moon Bureau and started here. He must have wanted to find some powerful figures. Unfortunately, his method will only force those powerful figures to rebel. "

When Gu Chensha discovered Qin Han, the key successor of the Buddhist sect, he knew that his trip to Sin State was worth it.

Qin Han was an extremely important person. Originally, Gu Chensha did not want to accept him into the Tranquil Immortal Bureau because he was the successor of the Buddhist sect. However, now that he seemed to want to take the initiative to join the Tranquil Immortal Bureau, Gu Chensha could consider letting him contact the scholars of the world and form a faction among the scholars. With the support of the Tranquil Immortal Bureau, he could let him fight against Wu Dangkong. His slogan would be "Kill the treacherous concubine, purge the emperor's side." Wu Dangkong had become a treacherous concubine. This name would accompany him for life.

Other than this, Gu Chensha also wanted to explore the secrets of the Buddhist sect. He sensed that the Buddha in Qin Han's body had been activated by his Heavenly Dao technique and would definitely come to find him. This was because even Chang Yuzhou had something to ask of him, so this Buddha would definitely ask him to do something.

After all, he was the only person who had successfully cultivated the Heavenly Dao technique throughout the ages.

He, Qin Han, and the others walked toward the Tranquil Immortal Bureau's merchant association. Meanwhile, he secretly contacted Zhuge Ya and Lou Baiyue to discuss this matter.

At this moment, in the capital city, above the floating imperial palace, there was Concubine Ming's Palace. Wu Dangkong resided there and cultivated. At this moment, Wu Dangkong, Gu Xuansha, and Gu Tanjian were discussing some matters.

They had already formed the Heaven Alliance. The three of them were the alliance leaders, and they were evenly matched.

In this alliance, Gu Tanjian originally had the upper hand. However, now Wu Dangkong seemed to want to monopolize the power.

"What do the two of you think of my newly established Sun and Moon Division?" Wu Dangkong spoke in a cold voice. He was decisive and had a huge backing behind him.

"The establishment of the Sun and Moon Division is actually to suppress the world's speech and capture those who oppose you. This doesn't seem appropriate, and it doesn't conform to the laws of Dayong. It will definitely cause a backlash from the world, and it won't be easy to clean up when the time comes." Gu Xuansha didn't agree with this point.

As the Crown Prince, he was a good-for-nothing, but he wasn't in a rush. He took things slowly and patiently.

"If we don't establish the Sun and Moon Division, then we'll just let the Tranquil Immortal Bureau grow and control public opinion. We'll only grow more and more passive."

Wu Dangkong laughed coldly. "If we want to fight over public opinion with the Tranquil Immortal Bureau, then there's only one way. We have to bleed and give benefits to the people. What's the point of that?

Are we going to waste vast amounts of magical treasures, medicinal pills, and money for the sake of a few good words from the people? Are we going to feed those worthless commoners who might cause us trouble in the future? " "That's true."

Gu Tanjian drummed his fingers on the table. "In the past, I wanted to win over the hearts of the people, but unfortunately, I couldn't play around with the Tranquil Immortal Bureau. Ever since the Lord of Seven Stars took over, we've been at a disadvantage in every aspect. Meanwhile, the Tranquil Immortal Bureau has continued to grow, and has reached a point where it's hard to shake. We really do need to think of a way to curb this matter. However, if the Sun and Moon Division directly captures those who oppose us, it might force the neutral factions to stand against us." "That's not true."

Wu Dangkong waved his hand. "The common people of the world bully the weak and fear the strong. If you treat them well, they'll climb all over you. If you capture them and they don't dare speak out, lock them up, and kill them, then they'll naturally submit to you. The common people have always been awe-inspiring, not virtuous.

Right now, they're saying the Tranquil Immortal Bureau is good, but that's because they're motivated by profit. Once I defeat the Tranquil Immortal Bureau and kill Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, Gu Chensha, and Gu Huasha, the common people will definitely curse them as traitors. "

"You're confident in dealing with Gu Chensha and the others?" Gu Xuansha wanted to see through Wu Dangkong's secrets.

"I know why you're so confident."

Gu Tanjian's eyes flashed. "I heard that your Sun and Moon Division is already equipped with the Divine Continent's Vicious Armor. That's a treasure forged by the Xingqiong Clan in the Primordial Era.

Does that mean the Xingqiong Clan, the number one vicious clan in the Divine Continent, has already appeared? Furthermore, they've come to some sort of agreement with you. "

"As expected of the person that The Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor favor. You even know this kind of information."

Wu Dangkong openly admitted this matter. "That's right. I've indeed obtained the help of the Divine Continent's Vicious Xing Qiong Clan. Now that I have such a foundation, do you think I'll do something earth-shattering?

The Tranquil Immortal Bureau wants me to win over the people of the world and force me to bleed and lose money. How can it be that easy? I'll use forceful methods. Those who submit to me will prosper, and those who oppose me will die! " "It looks like the Heaven Alliance will have to rely on you in the future." Gu Xuansha sighed. "I'm not that ambitious. I just want to maintain the current situation." "Hmph, what are you afraid of?"

Wu Dangkong was just about to say something when a talisman flashed in the distance and landed in her hand. Then, it turned into a golden light and disappeared into her hand.

"Huh? How dare you! "She suddenly stood up.

"Did something happen to the people you sent out from the Sun and Moon Division?"

Gu Tanjian smiled. "I just received news that the Sun and Moon Division has surrounded a group of scholars in the Sin Province who scolded you for harming the country with your concubine. They wanted to capture them, but an expert appeared among the group of scholars. This expert seems to be a successor of the ancient Buddhist Sect. He had a fortuitous encounter and defeated all of your Sun and Moon Division's experts in one move. He stripped them of their armor and then contacted a large group of scholars to shout the slogan of killing the concubine and purging the emperor's side. He's going to join the Tranquil Immortal Bureau." "Damn it!"

Wu Dangkong calmed down. "How bold. However, the appearance of a successor of the Buddhist Sect is exactly what I wanted. I sent the Sun and Moon Division to the Sin Province first to see if there were any adventurers among the scholars who had a fortuitous encounter and inherited great luck. As expected, I found one. I must subdue this person.

It's good that he's going to join the Tranquil Immortal Bureau. Since that's the case, it gives me an excuse to destroy the Tranquil Immortal Bureau. Gu Tanjian, I'm going to make my move. What do you think? "