Chapter 1139
============

A Million Years

Ever since Qin Guang was defeated by Chen Qi, the 'Inconceivable Universe' that Chen Qi presided over began to flourish. The various rules and regulations were very good, and many powerful figures, heroes, and ambitious people began to emerge. For a time, people of the Heavenly Dao Realm and even the Undying Realm sprouted like bamboo shoots after the rain. However, among these people, none of them could threaten Chen Qi's position.

As for the suppressed Qin Guang, most of his body seemed to have melted into the 'Inconceivable Universe', allowing many people to obtain fortuitous encounters. However, Chen Qi did not interfere.

He continued to observe silently. While learning from Gu Chensha, he was also looking for traces of Zhou Qin and the other five.

Ever since Zhou Qin's cultivation was stripped by Qin Guang and he was reincarnated, he disappeared from the myriad worlds without a trace. As for the other six, Hong Yi, Fang Han, and the others, they also disappeared without a trace. Gradually, they became ancient legends, disappearing from the memories of the new generation. Only a few people knew of these things. Year after year passed.

As time passed, countless new stories were born in the multivariate universe every day. These stories were filled with sorrow and joy, joy and sorrow, as well as slaughter, violence, passion, revenge, and love and hate. Evil and justice, opposing each other. Time could smooth out many things. A hundred thousand years passed. The multivariate universe became even larger, and some giant universes were born.

Following that, another hundred thousand years passed, and even more giant universes merged to form an endless, boundless universe.

However, there was still only one 'Inconceivable Universe', which was the one that Chen Qi controlled and presided over. Within it, there was also the support of the new world's Gu Xinjian and the old world's Gu Taxian. Within the multivariate universe, more and more universes appeared.

Countless living beings began to awaken their own spirit power, and began to continuously output and create. Some people awakened their spirit power, and devoured the power of others, developing many divine arts. All kinds of cultivation techniques emerged, and all kinds of wills intertwined. It was unknown how many heroes appeared, and how many fortuitous encounters were born and destroyed. Time continued to pass quickly. Three hundred thousand years passed. Four hundred thousand years passed. A million years passed.

Finally, the universe underwent a huge change. Within the multivariate universe, countless experts had fallen, and countless experts had grown. Another 'Inconceivable Universe' was born. This was a universe that had suddenly been born.

It was about the same size and power as the universe Chen Qi was in charge of. This meant that someone's power was about the same as Chen Qi's, or even surpassed it.

However, this inconceivable universe was extremely mysterious. After it was born, its master didn't appear at all, as if this universe didn't have any master. However, some of the most powerful experts knew that there was a mysterious supreme being in charge of everything.

A million years had caused countless people to forget about Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, Zhuge Ya, and even Zhou Qin and the other five. Even Qin Guang, who had caused so much destruction back then, was forgotten by the new generation.

However, the virtual interface in everyone's heart still existed, constantly showing their lifespan and encouraging them to improve. Apart from that, the virtual interface had more and more functions, forming a huge virtual network. Everyone could communicate and trade with each other in this network. This virtual network could transcend the limits of countless universes and communicate with every living being.

However, in the hearts of countless living beings, they did not know where this virtual interface came from. They all thought that it was innate. They no longer knew that it was created by Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha's power and traces disappeared from the hearts of all living beings. In the inconceivable universe that Chen Qi was in charge of, two people were having a conversation. They were the new world's will, Gu Xinjian, and the old world's will, 'Gu Taxian'.

"Gu Xinjian, have you felt Gu Chensha's will all these years?

I have a feeling that he has fallen and completely disappeared, but in fact, the existence of this virtual interface already proves that not only is he still alive, but his realm is also getting higher. In the past million years, our strength has also increased by a lot, but we feel that we are getting further and further away from his realm. If this continues, what should we do? "the old world's will, 'Gu Taxian', said.

"This matter is not urgent. I feel that the real big change is not too far away."

Gu Xinjian said, "Chen Qi has been in seclusion recently, and it seems that he is going to break through the realm of a trillion years. Although a million years have passed, and many people have died of old age, Chen Qi's lifespan is more than 900 billion years. A million years is nothing to him. If he can break through to a trillion years, I'm afraid it will be a new change that will affect the overall structure of the entire universe."

"In that case, this is our chance. Breaking through to a trillion years is definitely not a simple matter. When breaking through, I'm afraid there will be many tribulations. A trillion years is one trillion years, and when one's lifespan reaches a trillion years, I think it is very likely that this is our chance." 'Gu Taxian' repeatedly emphasized.

"I also have the same feeling."

Gu Xinjian nodded. "In short, our universe will usher in a change. I feel that this time, Chen Qi might fall. If he doesn't fall, then he can pose a threat to Gu Chensha. Once he falls, we might be able to seize the opportunity and become stronger than him."

"In that case, the two of us should not be enemies anymore. Let's wait and see. When the time comes, we will deal with the next situation together." 'Gu Taxian' said to Gu Xinjian in a kind voice.

"Okay, right now, we can only have a chance if we join forces." The two of them finally joined forces. At this moment.

In this' incredible universe ', bursts of light suddenly flashed. Under this light, almost all living beings felt that their intelligence had increased greatly.

"Chen Qi is going to break through." Qu Chen said, "This time, I can use this opportunity to break through again."

"Chen Qi is really powerful. In the past million years, my improvement has been very slow, but he is actually going to break through to the most crucial level. Recently, another unimaginable universe has been fighting with our universe. There are many experts in that universe, and there is also a mysterious sovereign. It seems that they want to steal our universe's origin." Wang Dong said, "If Chen Qi succeeds this time, then we can completely defeat that universe."

"In the end, who is that mysterious supreme being? It's said that he fought with Chen Qi a few times, but he never revealed his true appearance. Could it be a combination of Zhou Qin and the other five?" a supreme expert asked.

"Probably not. Legend has it that if Zhou Qin and the other five fused, their cultivation would definitely surpass the trillion lifespan." The Ancient Theurgy shook its head.

"In the past million years, many heroes have appeared. Even I almost fell."

Wang Dong said, "The last time I went to battle, I met a mysterious Immortal expert. He almost killed me. If not for Chen Qi, I'm afraid I would not have returned. That mysterious Immortal expert seems to be a newcomer. I don't know how he grew. Is it true that the new generation surpasses the old? Have we already fallen behind? "

"We definitely won't fall behind. If Chen Qi succeeds this time, our strength will also rise." The Ancient Theurgy said, "However, where are Gu Xinjian and Gu Taxian? These two have been very strange in the past million years. Who knows what they are planning?

I feel that we should be careful of these two. I'm afraid that they will destroy the stability of our universe. " "That can't be."

The other Immortal expert said, "Our universe is also a part of these two. Would they destroy their own universe?" "It's hard to say. These two are actually not humans. They are just the universe's will."

Wang Dong said, "Xu Wenwu, you are a newcomer who has recently matured. A hundred thousand years ago, you actually obtained a rune from Qin Guang's body and became an Immortal expert. Now, your strength is no less than ours. You are even one of the people who are favored by the universe's will. Tell me, logically speaking, after a million years, the universe's will should have formed a body. Why hasn't it completely formed yet?" The person he was asking about was called Xu Wenwu.

He was a newcomer who had suddenly matured in the past hundred thousand years. He was very mysterious. However, the Supreme Council did not suppress him. Instead, they took him in and made him a member of the upper echelons. This increased the fate of the entire council.

Xu Wenwu said, "Unbelievable. The universe is too big, and it is very difficult for the will of the universe to completely condense into a humanoid form. In addition, there are some special wishes, so it is normal that it cannot be born. But in reality, if my guess is correct, I am afraid it has something to do with Gu Xinjian and Gu Tianxian. Over the past million years, these two people have been sneaking around. I am someone who is favored by the universe, and in the message that the will of the universe passed to me, I have discovered something." "What discovery?"

At this moment, all the members of the Supreme Council had their eyes on him. At this moment, there were thousands of people in the Supreme Council. They were all Immortal experts.

This was the trump card that the entire Unbelievable Universe had accumulated over the past million years. Members of the Supreme Council had to be Immortal experts. This was the rule that Chen Qi had set. This rule had always been well followed.

"I discovered that these two people have been eroding the universe's will. This is also the reason why the universe's will has been developing so slowly.

When we were fighting against the other Unbelievable Universe, we were often at a disadvantage. In fact, these two people were holding us back, "Xu Wenwu said.