Chapter 826
===========

Genius One Second Remembers' Go if you like? Say → ', providing you with exciting novels to read. Chapter 823: Whose Son Is It? Dou Yiyu naturally knew Lord of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha.

She had originally hoped that this person and Gu Chensha would fight to the bitter end, and she would be the fisherman to reap the benefits. But things did not go as she wished. Even Gu Tiansha had lost to the Department of Tranquility.

"Lord of the Sun Moon, why are you blocking my way?"

Dou Yiyu knew that this person had come with ill intentions, but they were both enemies of the Department of Tranquility. Perhaps there was a chance for cooperation.

"Of course it's with good intentions. I heard that Miss was captured by that detestable Gu Chensha. Why did you escape? Could it be that there's a loophole in the Department of Tranquility? "

The Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha now looked like a young man with an elegant demeanor. He had a transcendent air about him that didn't give off the slightest hint of evil. Instead, he seemed extremely carefree and at ease, as if he were the center of the universe. Even the old-timers who saw the current Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha would think that he would be the most powerful sovereign in the future, the hegemon of heaven and earth. If Gu Tiansha were to pretend to be the Emperor Of Heaven, he would probably be misunderstood.

"That's my secret, so I can't tell you.

But the Department of Tranquility is very powerful now. That Gu Chensha cultivated the Divine Land Gourd and devoured twenty Peerless Treasures, creating a brand new Divine Land within it. Their plans are huge, and even you alone will find it hard to support them. "

Dou Yiyu vaguely felt that this Gu Tiansha had ill intentions, so she deliberately pointed out Gu Chensha's strength so that Gu Tiansha would be a little wary. "But the three Heavenly Venerables led by my father and the Ancestor of Heaven and Earth, Immortal Lord Wan Senshi, have already formed an extremely powerful formation. It won't be a problem to resist the Department of Tranquility." "Is that so?"

Gu Tiansha looked at Dou Yiyu with a faint smile. "In my opinion, your so-called alliance is just a joke. Very soon, the three great Heavenly Venerates will be plotted against. Do you know that Xuan Xin has already colluded with Jing Qiu and Gu Huo to form a small alliance? The three great Heavenly Venerates and the Hong Meng Tree will be theirs to take." "Jing Qiu, Gu Huo? What kind of small fry is this? "Dou Yi Yu frowned.

"Jing Qiu stole Jing Fanxing's Innocuous Heavenly King's Origin. He now has the body of a Heavenly King. Apart from that, he also grasped the Desolate Heart and obtained Desolate Desolate's recognition. What kind of small character do you think he is?

The Desolate Desert was a true Great Thousand World. Its power was unparalleled, and it was not beneath the Primordial Meng Tree. Jing Qiu used the Heavenly King's Source to activate it, and he could obtain the full power of the Desolate Desert. Gu Huo was the same. He had obtained the Desolate Sea Heart and was a Heavenly King of Calamities.

With the two of them working together, and with Xuan Xin's Heart of the East, do you think the three great Heavenly Venerates would be lucky enough to survive? "

The Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, seemed to have grasped many secrets. He seemed to know all kinds of big powers in the world like the back of his hand.

"Then what do you want?"

Dou Yiyu finally felt the seriousness of the matter. If what the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha said was true, then the three great Heavenly Venerates in this alliance were in danger.

"I have another identity. I am the Lord of the Sun and Moon. You also know this. The Lord of the Sun and Moon is in charge of everything in the future Heavenly Court. He is in charge of managing the universe and reporting directly to the Emperor Of Heaven. Simply put, he is the majordomo of the Emperor Of Heaven and the prime minister of the Heavenly Court.

I naturally know everything about the future Heavenly Court. The nine Heavenly Kings are also my subordinates, including you. Your Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd originally belonged to one of the nine Heavenly Kings, the Punishing Heavenly King, and you should be the Punishing Heavenly King's mother. "

Gu Tiansha looked at Dou Yiyu as if he could see through everything. "In that case, the reason why you, Gu Chensha, let you go is so that the Punishing Heavenly King will come out and become his subordinate. He will then obtain the sacrifice of the Punishing Heavenly King.

He will then be able to use the power of the sacrifice to make continuous breakthroughs in cultivation. " "Since you already know everything, then there must be a big matter for you to come find me today."

Dou Yiyu looked around and was prepared to escape at any time. Although she had become a Heavenly Venerate, she knew that she was far from being a match for Gu Tiansha. Moreover, she had already lost the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd. Even if she had the gourd, she would still be defeated by Gu Tiansha in one blow.

"Of course it's a big matter. I have already communicated with your father, Heavenly Venerate Victorious Dou, to marry you to me as a concubine."

Gu Tiansha looked Dou Yiyu up and down. "This is also the intention of the three Heavenly Venerates. In that case, the Punishing Heavenly King will become my son, and we will establish the future Heavenly Court in the future. We can even hold the Emperor Of Heaven hostage and order the vassals." "What?

Gu Chensha, you're despicable! "Dou Yiyu immediately knew about Gu Chensha's prophecy. She couldn't help but feel regret.

"Yiyu, this is something that we have discussed."

At this time, three figures appeared beside the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha. They were Victorious Dou, Yuan Gu, and Heavenly Venerate Pu Tuo.

These three Heavenly Venerates had come with their clones. It was unknown what their true bodies were doing.

Heavenly Venerate Victorious Dou said, "Yiyu, the Sun Moon Lord has already cooperated with us to increase our control over the Primordial Tree. If you join forces with him, we will form a stable alliance. In addition, when the Punishing Heavenly King comes out, we will be able to carry out the final refinement of the Primordial Tree."

"Father, you must not do this. My Dao is to fly high in the sky, to be independent and not be bound by anything.

By saying this, you are breaking my Dao. Once my Dao is broken, I might not even be able to maintain my Heavenly Venerate realm. "Dou Yiyu howled.

"This is not up to you. This is the general trend."

At this time, another person appeared beside the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha. It was the Great Burning Heavenly King, Xiao Yan.

This person had originally controlled the Great Burning Dynasty's population of hundreds of billions. On top of that, he was the reincarnation of seven Endless Treasures. He should have possessed great authority. However, all of them had been defeated by Gu Chensha, and he had become a stray dog. Therefore, the Great Burning Heavenly King was filled with endless resentment. He wanted nothing more than to exterminate all the citizens of the Yongchō and kill Gu Chensha and the Tranquil Immortal Bureau. He wanted to use the most vicious method to take revenge.

"It's decided."

At this time, Gu Tiansha waved his hand. Immediately, a sky curtain descended and covered the entire spacetime. He began a major shift. In the next moment, this spacetime arrived at an unknown place.

This place was filled with boundless light. There was no darkness. Flowing golden flames were everywhere.

The golden flames surged violently, and many fire birds were born. There were phoenixes, fire crows, and three-legged golden crows.

"This is the sun?" Dou Yiyu felt a great threat.

"That's right. This is the sun in the sky. It shines endlessly. It is the supreme ruler of the Great Thousand Worlds. The size of the sun is far from what other Great Thousand Worlds can compare to."

Gu Tiansha said, "I advise you not to run around. Even with your Heavenly Venerate cultivation, you won't be able to escape." "What do you want to do?" Dou Yiyu was thinking about how to escape.

"Of course, I want to have sex with you to quickly give birth to the Punisher King. I want to see how the Punisher King is born. The process from nothing to something is really magical to me. The birth of life has always been a secret of the Heavenly Dao, especially the birth of such a strong existence. I was the one who created it. This will allow me to comprehend the secrets of the Heavenly Dao deeper and it won't be surprising for me to directly become Heavenly Venerate."

Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha forced his way towards Dou Yiyu. His cultivation was still at peak Dao Realm 36 Transformations. He used Embodiment Transformation and wasn't able to reach Heavenly Venerate.

"It is all because of that damn animal, Gu Chensha."

Gu Tiansha's countenance turned malevolent. "If it wasn't for me seizing away one-tenth of my source energy, I would have long since advanced to the Heavenly Sovereign Realm, sweeping through the world and breaking through everything. But now, he caused my source energy to be incomplete, making it extremely difficult for me to advance further. But when I devour the Heaven Emperor, it will be his death date." Dou Yiyu's body moved and he was about to flee.

But Gu Tiansha pointed and instantly, numerous golden chains landed. They locked Dou Yiyu up and tied him up in the air. No matter how he struggled, he couldn't do anything.

"Gu Chensha, I admit defeat!"

At this moment, Dou Yiyu knew where her only savior was. A light flashed in her mind and she admitted defeat to Gu Chensha. She bet with Gu Chensha that if she admitted defeat, she would believe in Gu Chensha's ideals. Now, she totally admitted defeat.

She thought to herself, "If Gu Chensha can save me, then I don't mind accepting your ideals. Your ideals include freedom for everyone and it doesn't conflict with my Dao." Honglong!

The moment she admitted defeat, an aura came from her body. A huge amount of energy was suddenly released. It was as if Gu Chensha had done something to her body.

"King Source?"

Gu Tiansha was about to pounce over and feast, but he didn't expect the aura of King Source to burst out from Dou Yiyu's body. This King Source was murderous and could cut through everything. The murderous aura spread slightly and shattered the golden chains that bound him.

Then, a talisman appeared above Dou Yiyu's head. This talisman exploded in an instant and formed a complete divine continent, which was even more perfect than the divine continent of the Central Plains.

This was the divine continent in Gu Chensha's mind. It was the divine continent in the hearts of all living beings. Honglong!

The divine continent operated and exploded, opening up a passage and breaking away from Gu Tiansha's control.

"Gu Chensha!"

Gu Tiansha leaped up and turned into a huge hand, grabbing at Gu Chensha. But Gu Chensha's methods were extremely fast. Even with Gu Tiansha's cultivation, he couldn't catch it, and Dou Yiyu escaped.

The air around Dou Yiyu's body circulated, and in the next moment, she was already in Sin State City in the divine continent. This was a small courtyard in Sin State City, with three entrances and three exits. It was very peaceful and leisurely.

Gu Chensha sat on a stool in the courtyard, as if he had already calculated what would happen to her. "What do you think?

Dou Yiyu, you're safer in our Calmness Deity Department. Even your father, the three Celestial Venerables, sold you out a long time ago. "

Dou Yiyu frowned. She could feel that there seemed to be a powerful new life growing in her body, and her expression changed drastically. "You've been setting things up in my body for a long time. Is my son yours now?" Reading, a better reading experience.