Chapter 1145
============

Trillions of years

Gu Xinjian actually looked for an opportunity to kill the fake "Gu Taxian" and then completely devoured this person. The combination of the new and the old almost directly broke through the trillion lifespan. However, if he wanted to break through, he had to go through tribulations, just like Chen Qi.

Only He Ming didn't experience any tribulation when he broke through to the trillion. That was because the essence of Zhou Qin and the mysterious masked Paragon had already experienced a tribulation, which led to their deaths. The tribulation was over.

Therefore, after He Ming devoured it, he directly reached a lifespan of a trillion years and broke through the bottleneck.

"Not good, he's about to break through." At this moment, Wang Dong and the others were astonished. "We've been tricked. Hurry up and retreat, lest you get killed. " Rumble!

They activated the most profound life-saving method of the formation. Waves of symbols wrapped around them, and they were about to disappear from this place. As long as they worked together, they believed that Gu Xinjian wouldn't be able to do anything to them.

"Hahahaha." Gu Xinjian laughed maniacally. "You ants still want to leave? After scheming against me, if I escape so easily, wouldn't that make me seem incompetent? The heavens change, the ten thousand Daos become empty, be imprisoned for me. This contract is also nullified. " Bang!

Under Gu Xinjian's power, the golden contract let out a mournful wail and finally collapsed. This meant that Gu Xinjian's karma was finally gone, and all the restraints on him were completely removed.

"Everything is power. With enough power, anything can be broken.

Hehe, if Chen Qi had a lifespan of a trillion, it would have been very difficult for me to tear this contract apart. But his current strength is about the same as mine, and he's even in the midst of a tribulation, causing the power of the contract to be extremely weak. I can just tear it apart and devour you. " After tearing the contract, Gu Xinjian began to make his move. He opened his mouth wide, and a whirlpool appeared, causing the myriad worlds to tremble. This inconceivable universe began to collapse and shrink inwardly. As it shrank, the Will of the Universe started to be devoured by it.

Wang Dong and the others couldn't escape at all. They could only hold on bitterly. They didn't have the strength to trap Gu Xinjian at all. They could only protect themselves. Unfortunately, this self-protection did not last long. Gu Xinjian opened his palm, squeezing and releasing. Bang!

Boundless energy flew out and condensed into a lightning-like existence. This was the highest secret he had comprehended. Crackle! Like a hot knife through butter.

The spell formation was instantly destroyed, and as it did, boundless power began to devour it in a destructive fashion. Ah!

Wang Dong was the first to turn into a pile of ashes. He bore the brunt of Gu Xinjian's attack, and thus Gu Xinjian treated him as the bird that stuck out.

Originally, Qu Chen was the strongest in this inconceivable world. He was ranked first, Wang Dong was second, the Ancient Divine Ability was third, and Chen Qi was fourth. However, after a series of events, Chen Qi had become the absolute ruler, while Qu Chen was still ranked second. However, Wang Dong had surpassed Qu Chen over the past million years, and even the Ancient Divine Ability had surpassed him.

As a result, Wang Dong was ranked number one after Chen Qi. Wang Dong's power and influence were growing stronger and stronger in this unimaginable world.

But it was precisely because of this that he was the first to be killed when the universe met with a calamity. This was the inevitable connection between cause and effect. Rumble! Countless voices appeared in the world. The voices changed and wept, as if they were crying for themselves.

This inconceivable universe knew that its doomsday was coming, but it could do nothing about it. It could only lament and pray for a miracle to happen to save itself. The universe wailed.

"Cry all you want." Gu Xinjian was very pleased. He directly killed the peerless Immortal Wang Dong and absorbed him. Then, he grabbed Qu Chen and the Ancient Divine Ability.

In his eyes, these people were little chicks that hadn't grown up yet. He was the Roc soaring in the sky, and below him were delicious delicacies for him to take. Bang bang bang!

There was no suspense. Under Gu Xinjian's attack, Qu Chen and the Ancient Divine Ability directly exploded. They didn't even have time to scream.

The two men who had obtained unparalleled fortuitous encounters and could be considered the main characters died just like that. There were no miracles happening.

Thinking back, Wang Dong received the support of countless systems and grew all the way to become a big shot. He was a true winner in life. But now, he died without a sound. It was no different from the death of a normal person.

When the others saw that the three of them had died, they immediately scattered like birds and beasts. They were scared out of their wits.

"Hahahaha …" Gu Xinjian laughed wildly again. "The will of this universe, enter my body."

Above his head, another head appeared. This head's mouth was extremely huge. When it opened its mouth, it swallowed the world.

Instantly, in this unbelievable universe, many continents and worlds collapsed. These continents and worlds were limited to some things in Chen Qi's novels. Once these worlds fell, they were closely related to Chen Qi and could greatly weaken his power.

"Damn it! Gu Xinjian, how dare you destroy my world. "

Chen Qi, who was already exhausted in the air, also sensed the danger. He saw Gu Xinjian swallowing one world after another. Many of the characters in them were also annihilated under the devouring. This situation was simply too shocking. Countless attacks landed on Chen Qi's body again. Chen Qi even felt that he couldn't hold on anymore.

"Gu Xinjian, if that's the case, then die."

All of a sudden, Chen Qi's body flickered, as if he were abandoning his cultivation base. In the blink of an eye, he unleashed an incomparably majestic power that caused many of the powerful experts who had surrounded him to retreat. Some of them were even seriously injured. Some of the Imperishable experts who had been hoping to take advantage of the situation fell like raindrops, dead on the spot. Puff! Hong Yi, Fang Han, and the others coughed up blood and continuously retreated.

"He's starting to go all out.

He's burning his own lifespan. This way, he's using his own life savings. He can't reach the trillion lifespan at all. He's giving up on breaking through, "Jiang Li said.

"Let's retreat quickly. His target isn't me. He wants to die together with someone else." Rumble! All the experts started to retreat, avoiding the range of Chen Qi's explosion. At that moment, Chen Qi attacked Gu Xinjian. He turned into a ray of light and directly entered Gu Xinjian's devouring mouth.

Gu Xinjian had never expected this. He had been prepared to let Chen Qi take advantage of him by devouring his world.

But now, Chen Qi had actually given up on breaking through to the trillion lifespan realm and wanted to kill him. This was something that he had never expected.

"No, you can't do this."

Gu Xinjian panicked. He had just reached the peak of his life, but now he was directly suppressed. Moreover, he couldn't even keep his life. Wasn't this a loss?

Now, Chen Qi was fighting with his life. He grabbed him and began to self-destruct. He wanted to take Gu Xinjian down with him before he died. With Gu Xinjian's cultivation, he couldn't escape at all.

Moreover, the more important point was that Gu Xinjian had devoured some of the limited worlds in Chen Qi's novels. This caused some kind of karma between him and Chen Qi. Under the connection of karma, countless changes in power produced a strong attraction. It was like two magnets deeply sucking each other, making it impossible for the two of them to escape.

Originally, Gu Xinjian had also calculated this. The reason he did this was because he wanted to attack when Chen Qi was seriously injured. He wanted to devour Chen Qi firmly. But he didn't expect that Chen Qi actually didn't want to live and wanted to die together with him.

"Die!"

Chen Qi's tone was very calm. "Gu Xinjian, I already knew that you were the destroyer of the entire world's order. But because you signed a contract, I didn't want to attack you. But in the end, you still broke the contract and destroyed our world. This is something I can't tolerate, so you must die.

Even if I destroy you in the end and die myself, I still have to do this. "" No, Chen Qi, don't do this.

"No, Chen Qi, don't do that. It won't do either of us any good. I'll spit out everything I just ate, and we'll bury the hatchet. Plus, I'll help you reach a lifespan of a trillion. If we work together, we'll both benefit. If we fight each other, we'll both die, and it'll only benefit others. How many good fortune did we come across to reach this point? Are you willing to give up?

You should know that after we die, there will be people who will absorb nutrients from our corpses. " Gu Xinjian shouted.

"It's useless. I want to die together with you, Gu Xinjian, because you did something wrong." Chen Qi's tone was even calmer. It was as if life and death were just a matter of sleep. His entire body suddenly turned into a rune. Then, the rune flashed. Bang!

Gu Xinjian exploded. Everything turned into nothingness. Just like Zhou Qin and the mysterious masked man, he turned into the most primitive imprint and essence.

The essence gathered together and turned into a brand new imprint. It fell directly into the multiverse and disappeared.

Just like Zhou Qin and the mysterious masked man's imprint, if the imprint's essence was obtained by someone else, even an ordinary person, they would be able to obtain a trillion lifespan and directly break through some kind of bottleneck. It was extremely terrifying.

"This time, the chicken and eggs are broken."

At this moment, five powerful existences stood in the void. They were Hong Yi, Fang Han, Wang Chao, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li. They all had 900 billion lifespans.