Chapter 585
===========

"Legalism, Dharma Idol Realm. Empress, please take out the decree."

A god-level expert appeared behind Gu Fasha. It was one of the thirteen patriarchs of the Legalism School, Dharma Idol Realm.

"Hong Clan, Honglie Pavilion. Empress, please take out the decree. This is a talisman of the Heavenly Dao. Whoever obtains it will receive the mandate of heaven, and will be the son of heaven."

Behind the eighteenth prince, Gu Hongsha, was an old-timer who was also a Deity. It was none other than the Hong Clan Patriarch.

"Yun Feixi of the Yun Clan. Please take out the decree."

Behind Fourteenth Prince Gu Yunsha, another expert appeared. "Our noble clans don't recognize the Emperor, only the Heavenly Daos. We accept the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, which is decreed by the heavens. Since ancient times, this is the true Son of Heaven. Whoever obtains this talisman is the Son of Heaven recognized by the heavens, and is recognized by our noble clans. Everything else is just fleeting clouds. " "Wen Chidan of the Wen Clan. I only recognize the bearer of the decree."

Another expert stepped forward from Wu Dangkong's bodyguard squad. It was the god-level patriarch of the Wen Clan.

The Wen Clan was the descendant of Sage Wen, and their status was comparable to the Wu Clan. The Wen Clan had a disciple, Wen Hanlong, who was the governor of the Dharma Province. He had the highest cultivation base among the governors, having already reached the 22 transformations, the Heavenly Manifestations of Heaven and Earth.

Unfortunately, Wen Hanlong had no say in the Wen Clan. The Wen Clan had as many experts as the clouds, and like the Wu Clan, they had nine god-level patriarchs. For the Wen Clan to step forward to support Wu Dangkong showed that they had been contacted.

Ever since the Immortal Calmness Department established the Common People's Wish Collegium to disseminate the Dragon Nourishing Heart Sutra and Dragon-Creation Heart Sutra, they had become enemies with the aristocratic clans.

The aristocratic clans would never allow the Dragon Nourishing Heart Sutra and Dragon-Creation Heart Sutra to spread.

It was impossible for the various aristocratic families to spread the Dragon Nurturing Mantra and the Dragon Creation Technique. Otherwise, if everyone in the world was a genius, a peerless genius, what advantage would the aristocratic families have?

Furthermore, the aristocratic clans all wanted to break through the Immortal Calmness Department and acquire the Dragon Nourishing Heart Sutra and Dragon-Creation Heart Sutra, as well as other resources, such as the four divine beasts.

"The Military Clan has ten thousand enmities!

I hope to see the decree come into being, and the son of heaven come into being. We can assist the son of heaven and be bestowed the title of true god. " The people of the military family actually appeared.

The Military Clan was a descendant of the War Saint. They had always kept a low profile and had little to do with the imperial court. Moreover, they had once supported the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. It was just that they didn't send any women into the harem.

Of course, it was only natural for this Sage family to jump out now. The position of a True God in the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman was very attractive to families.

Furthermore, many of the aristocratic families could tell that the destiny of the current world was thousands of times greater than that of ancient times. The number of people was unimaginable. If they could take advantage of the Devil Calamity to suppress the Celestial Calmness Department, not only would they be able to obtain resources, but they would also be able to support Wu Dangkong to become the Son of Heaven. Then, they would immediately begin to offer sacrifices to the Heavenly Daos and confer a Deity title. With the current prosperity of the world, there were many Deity Positions that could be conferred. Moreover, Wu Dangkong's cultivation was shallow, unlike the ancient emperors.

The ancient Heavenly Sons of Heaven all had deep cultivation and could operate the Heavenly Dao. They were not to be bullied.

In the eyes of many aristocratic families, Wu Dangkong was just a puppet. He was nothing to worry about and could be manipulated.

Manipulating a puppet to obtain the position of a True God was something that any aristocratic family would be happy to see.

Hence, these aristocratic families had to make use of this court assembly to let the officials of the world know that the aristocratic families were the true masters of the world. In history, there were aristocratic families that had existed for ten thousand years, but there were no dynasties that had lasted for ten thousand years.

No matter how powerful the Imperial Court was, it was still made of iron, and its soldiers were like flowing water.

This time, the aristocratic families seemed to have reached some kind of agreement. They wanted to depose the Son of Heaven and control the divine item.

Gu Chensha saw these True God aristocratic families and Sage aristocratic families coming out one by one to express their stance. Many of the officials of the Imperial Court also had expressions of fear. They were indeed somewhat afraid.

In this kind of situation, any official would be afraid, especially now that the Devil Calamity had erupted. The world was in turmoil, and the aristocratic families were making things difficult for the Imperial Court. As long as something went wrong, the Imperial Court would immediately collapse. It was unknown how many people would be killed, and their families would be destroyed.

If the Celestial Calmness Department won, it would be fine. The officials of the world would be at ease. If Wu Dangkong won, the Imperial Court would definitely carry out a great purge.

But even if the Celestial Calmness Department won, the retaliation of the aristocratic families would be unbearable. The world would still suffer the greatest upheaval in history.

The governors of the aristocratic families were all hoping that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor would suddenly appear at this time to suppress the crowd and stabilize the situation. Unfortunately, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor did not appear.

"Hahahaha …" Gu Chensha laughed. "You aristocratic families actually jumped out. Could it be that you want to support Wu Dangkong as the Son of Heaven? Does that mean you want to go against His Majesty? Whoever has the Heaven Sacrifice Decree will be the Son of Heaven. "

Extreme Thunder Origin looked at Gu Chensha with a baleful aura. "Junior, don't be fooled by your recent rise. That's just the final radiance of a setting sun. Celestial Calmness Department, Celestial Calmness Department, could it be that you can really Celestial Calmness?"

"Your aristocratic families are quite bold. Although the emperor isn't here right now, we still have the golden medallion. Seeing the golden medallion is the same as seeing the emperor. You're roaring in court like this. This is disgraceful. Are you not afraid that the emperor will return?!" "His Majesty?"

Extreme Thunder Origin was extremely disdainful. "Today, I want to see if the medallion is here. You want to suppress our aristocratic families with just a medallion? What a joke. Give me the medallion! "

As he spoke, Extreme Thunder Origin's body moved. Under everyone's watchful eyes, he appeared in front of the Emperor's throne. He looked at the medallion and suddenly reached out to grab it. Immediately, all the officials and governors let out gasps of surprise.

No one had expected that Extreme Thunder Origin would be so rebellious. He was so contemptuous of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor that he didn't even care about.

After all, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had suppressed the gods and the immortal dao. He was a figure that even the three Heavenly Venerables feared.

Although he had disappeared for a few years, the power he left behind not long ago had repelled the Xingqiong Clan. The aristocratic families were still very wary of the means he had left behind.

The Dharma Saint only dared to lay out his plans in secret. He didn't jump out to openly promote the Spirit Demon Project. He still had to observe for a while.

Extreme Thunder Origin was truly bold. He was extremely arrogant and arrogant. He personally went to grab the medallion of "Celestial Calmness." He wanted to ruthlessly trample the Emperor's authority under his feet.

In terms of arrogance and despotism, the Lei Family ranked first among the many Saint aristocratic families. The Legalism Family was the strongest in terms of overall strength. However, the Legalism Family's every action emphasized order, law, and rules. Arrogance was secondary. After so many years, only Fa Wuxian's behavior was out of line. He was regarded as an anomaly and disliked by the old antiques of the family.

As for the Wu Family, although they advocated martial strength, the changes of the Martial Dao focused on "stopping wars." The Wu Family's disciples usually treated others well.

The Fan Family considered themselves a Buddhist orthodoxy. They were modest, courteous, and merciful.

Only the Lei Family was ferocious and explosive. Their nature was like thunder and lightning, and they slaughtered without restraint. This could be seen from the Tenth Prince Gu Chensha. Back then, the Tenth Prince had a fiery temper. Every time the princes fought, he would stir up trouble. He had even beaten up Gu Chensha.

Now, the Lei Family's god-level ancestor sat on the Emperor's throne and grabbed the medallion. From this, it could be seen that the Lei Family, from top to bottom, was filled with madness.

Back then, the Thunder God had also been like this. He had two sides. He created all things and destroyed all things.

The Extreme Lightning Essence's hand reached out and grabbed the gold medallion. When it was only three inches away, the gold medallion suddenly began to shine with golden light. The golden light was fine and dense, and yet, everyone could sense that it was filled with boundless majesty.

This majesty was the highest standard that had existed since ancient times. It was a law that no one could escape from.

"What is this …?"

Thunder Extreme Source was extremely shocked. He quickly retreated. He seemed to sense something extremely terrifying. His face was twisted in disbelief. He wanted to quickly escape.

There were many experts present, all of them using the Heavenly Daos to transcend mortality and enter Sainthood. However, none of them knew what was happening.

The golden light broke through space and time. Even a god-level expert would be extremely weak in front of this golden light. He wouldn't be able to resist at all.

In the blink of an eye, Thunder Extreme Origin's body was entangled by the densely packed golden threads and wrapped into a large cocoon.

Thunder Extreme Source let out a furious roar from within the cocoon. Thunder Extreme Source rumbled.

Everyone knew that this was bad, but no one dared to act rashly. The first ancestor of the Fan Family, Fan Bai, was really pale. He gripped the Extrication Bow and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows in his hands. He was sweating profusely.

Wu Dangkong had originally wanted to take out the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman Edict to suppress everyone and ascend the throne in one go. But now, his heart had shrunk into a ball.

The power of the medallion meant that the power of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor was still present.

"Spare me! Spare me! Your Majesty, spare me! I won't dare do it again! Ah! My life lamp! The various incarnations I left behind! "

Within the golden cocoon, the Thunder Extreme Essence suddenly begged for mercy, but it was to no avail. Suddenly, the golden cocoon stopped wriggling. Everyone watched as countless golden threads penetrated into the depths of the void and captured the incarnations of the Thunder Extreme Essence.

As a god-level expert, the Thunder Extreme Source had left behind countless tricks. As the saying goes, a crafty rabbit has three burrows. Even if his true body was destroyed, his incarnations could still preserve their memories and use various methods to resurrect.

But now, the golden threads from the Regal Propria medallion had captured all of Thunder Extreme Source's incarnations, no matter how far away they were, no matter where they were hiding in the Lightning Family's minor dimension. If Yama King wanted you dead at midnight, no one would be able to keep you alive until the fifth. Dozens of incarnations and the tricks they had left behind were all captured.

Finally, with a cracking sound, the cocoon split open. Thunder Extreme Source had already knelt down, transforming into a golden figure that looked like it was forged from gold.

With a push of the golden light, the golden statue of Lei Yuanji was pushed out of the entrance of the main hall. It landed on the square and knelt there, never to rise again. However, the Thunder Extreme Source wasn't dead. He was just sealed and kneeling there. This was worse than death.