Chapter 1050
============

Open Struggle and Veiled Struggle

Chen Qi's novelist was a man who would become a great man in the future. Gu Chensha secretly added fuel to the fire so that the influence of his novel would increase by tens of thousands of times. It would certainly influence the thinking of many people.

And Chen Qi was indeed a genius. Countless fantastic ideas were conceived in his mind and turned into exquisite novels. Many of the plots were amazing, they could attract the attention of many people, and they could even resonate with people's souls.

Now the Arcane Kingdom was very comfortable because the arcanists were fighting against the outside world and expanding the territory. Their strong military strength made the empire free from war, and the suppression of the arcanists also made the country free from civil strife. So the people's hearts were stable. But if they were slaves, their lives were very hard, and the lives of the civilians were also very busy. Even the nobles had to carry out various businesses to worship some arcanists.

Originally, the arcanists could make everything, such as the cleaning of a city, the great arcanists could directly use the Cleansing Spell to make it as clean as new in an instant. But now the cleaning of every city was done by the civilians. As for the dangerous dung digging, the cleaning and dredging of the sewers, it was done by the slaves. Because that was the system of the Arcane Kingdom, the purpose was to make the civilians motivated and not lazy. If everything was done by the arcanists, then the arcanists would be the servants of the ordinary people. Such a social structure, in today's world, was just right. As for Gu Chensha's new world, it was too advanced.

It was no wonder that in the Arcane Kingdom, many people shouted to spread the glory of the arcane throughout the multiverse.

Just as Gu Chensha was planning, in the capital of the Arcane Kingdom, in a noble manor, Mr. None also appeared.

Opposite of Mister Everlasting sat a great aristocrat. This aristocrat's manor was very large, and there were fountains and gardens everywhere. Countless beautiful women walked around, taking care of the gardens, delivering fruits, and collecting flower petals. Within the aristocrat's manor, the four seasons were like spring, and the temperature and humidity were very suitable. Taking a closer look, the entire aristocrat's manor was enveloped by an invisible curtain that stabilized the temperature and air. That was caused by an arcane treasure.

"Mr. None, can you really help our Teddy family become arcanists?"

The Great Noble sitting in front of Mister Endless was called Teddy Shakun. He was one of the Great Nobles of the Empire. His family was massive and had countless mines, merchant associations, land, and slaves.

There were hundreds of millions of slaves in his family, distributed in all parts of the Arcane Kingdom. The wealth of this family was incalculable. Unfortunately, the head of this great noble family, Teddy Shakun, was not an Arcanist.

Of course, a noble with such a status would naturally be able to rope in many Arcana Masters, and most Arcana Masters wouldn't dare to do anything to him.

However, this still made him unhappy, because he still had to bow and scrape to an Arcana Master. He had no status whatsoever. In fact, this was also the voice of the entire noble group.

The entire aristocratic group had huge wealth, but in the Arcane Kingdom, their status was not high, and they had to bow their heads in front of the arcanists.

Many of the nobles were dissatisfied, but there was nothing they could do or do to resist the Arcana Masters. The power of arcane magic was not something that nobles could deal with.

Of course, there were also knights among the nobles. Knights practiced martial arts and possessed great strength, but no matter how powerful their martial arts were, they were nothing compared to Arcana techniques.

"The power of Arcana is actually a kind of rubbish."

At that moment, Mr. Wu Wu was still wearing a black cloak, "I can teach you a more powerful power, you can devour Arcanists, you have boundless divine power, do you dare to learn?

You nobles used to have a high status, but since the emergence of the Arcanists, you've basically been reduced to a lower class.

Don't you want to make a comeback? Even if you can't overthrow the Arcanist class, you can still compete with the Arcanist class.

In many universes, in fact, the Arcanists belong to the theocracy, and the nobles belong to the imperial power.

The theocracy and the imperial power have always been against each other, but now in the Arcane Kingdom, the nobles are the slaves of the Arcanists.

Your thinking is too narrow, you want to become an Arcanist yourself, and you want the people in your family to become Arcanists. Haven't you ever thought about being the Emperor of the Arcane Kingdom and letting the nobles rise?

In this way, you can have a big picture, get the fate of the Arcane Kingdom, become the Son of Fate of the entire Empire, and finally become the existence of the Realm of Heaven. Don't always think about the old pattern. The pioneer is the one who gets the most. "

"After listening to Sir's words, I'm really enlightened. But Sir, compared with the power of the Arcane Kingdom, we're too weak. What should we do now?

If we learn other methods that aren't the power of the Arcane Kingdom, it's easy to be detected by the Arcane Network. At that time, it'll be a disaster for us. There were some foreign forces that poured into the Arcane Kingdom, but they were all killed. "The great aristocrat Teddy Shakun was still trembling with fear.

"Don't worry, with me here, the Arcane Network can't detect it at all. When the Arcane Network can detect it, the power of the nobles has begun to grow, and you'll have enough power to speak," Mr. Neverwinter said.

"Mr. Neverwinter, is your power stronger than the Arcane Network?" The great aristocrat Teddy Shakun asked.

"That's for sure.

To tell you the truth, my power can swallow the entire Arcane Kingdom at any time. Your Arcane Kingdom looks strong, but in the multiverse, it's still very small. "Mr. Neverwinter sneered, his tone was like looking at an ant.

"Mr. Neverwinter, with such a great existence like you, why did you enter the Arcane Kingdom?" The great aristocrat Teddy Shakun asked such a question.

"Because I'm going to carry out a plan. Don't ask any unnecessary questions. If you want to be an ordinary person, I won't stop you. I can see that you're a person who thirsts for power.

Besides, even if you enjoy the service of a lot of people and have a lot of wealth, after you die, you'll have nothing.

If you don't become an Arcanist, your lifespan is only a hundred years, which will pass in the blink of an eye.

Even if you use your wealth to exchange for some Arcane Potions to keep your life from aging, it's actually a drop in the bucket. "Mr. Neverwinter was the temptation of the devil.

"Well, Mr. Neverwinter, great existence, I promise you everything."

Finally, the great aristocrat Teddy Shakun couldn't resist the temptation, he overcame his fear of the Arcanists and promised Mr. Neverwinter.

"Very well, I'll now teach you the Way of Plunder and Devour. Remember, this Way is the instinct of the old world.

If you master it, you'll be able to conquer everything. "Mr. Neverwinter suddenly transferred a force into the body of the great aristocrat Teddy Shakun.

Immediately, Teddy Shakun's body trembled. There was a greedy suction force in his body, just like a person who had reached the Tao Realm. He began to devour the spiritual energy of the universe for his own use.

"The Way of Cultivation in the old world is to awaken the instinct of Plunder and Devour in your body. When you're born, you'll absorb milk as nutrition. When you grow up, you'll be able to digest some grains and herbs. When you suddenly step into the Tao Realm, you'll be able to absorb spiritual energy. In the end, you'll even be able to digest everything. The history of human evolution is to walk the Way of Devour to the extreme. You should use your instinct instead of walking the path of spiritual awakening. "

Mr. Neverwinter said, "But I've reformed the Way of Devour again. From now on, you'll be true aristocrats. Those who walk the path of spiritual awakening will be your food. You can raise them and devour them when you're hungry." "What? In the future, we nobles can raise Arcanists like livestock and eat them? "

The great aristocrat Teddy Shakun felt the power in his body and suddenly swelled up. "I'd like to play with those Arcanist women. I had a maid who unknowingly awakened the power of Arcanism. She immediately changed her fate and didn't show any mercy to me. That bitch, if I catch her, I'll make her wish she was dead. " "Very good. The fact that you have such thoughts will stimulate the hatred in your oppressed heart."

Mr. Neverwinter smiled. "Alright, I've left a lot of memories in your head. You can follow those memories to cultivate. I've also added a brand to your body. You'll never be discovered by the Arcane Network. You can also pass on some of the cultivation methods to other aristocrats. They'll grow together with you and finally overthrow the rule of the Arcanists."

"Yes, great existence, Mr. Neverwinter. I'll follow your orders." The great aristocrat Teddy Shakun quickly knelt down. At that moment, Mr. Neverwinter disappeared.

The next moment, in another place in the Arcane Kingdom, Long Xiangtian appeared next to Mr. Neverwinter.

"Mr. Neverwinter, what's your intention in setting up the Arcane Kingdom?" Long Xiangtian asked.

"Gu Chensha has also come to the Arcane Kingdom."

Mr. Neverwinter said, "I'm going to use the Arcane Kingdom to besiege Gu Chensha. This is the best opportunity to kill him." "Can the Arcane Kingdom trap Gu Chensha?" Long Xiangtian was puzzled.