Chapter 353
===========

"I think that the Crown Prince wants to break free from the three Sky Venerables and doesn't want to mess up the country. After all, he is the Crown Prince and the world will be his sooner or later. If the world is in chaos, it won't be good for him. However, Wu Dangkong wants to take revenge, so it will be tough. "

The Fourth said, "The key is that she has the Heaven Sacrifice Decree. Along with Mr. Zhuge helping her steal the Son of Heaven Energy from the Great Wei Dynasty in the Evil Spirit Continent, her strength has increased greatly. This is probably one of the reasons why the world is in chaos. "

"Her strength has increased, and she'll be able to fight the Crown Prince to achieve a delicate balance. With our current strength, we'll be able to maintain the balance. That way, we'll be able to maintain the balance.

That way, we can work together. Moreover, they are fighting with one another, so we have to protect the people's peace. Wu Dangkong can't do as she pleases.

On the contrary, she has to win the hearts of the people. Fourth Master, don't you think Wu Dangkong has been much more restrained and is doing good governance? "

"This matter is not bad. Ever since Imperial Father appointed Second Brother as the Crown Prince, the policies of the imperial court have become much more orderly. The construction of various places has also begun to be carried out on a large scale. Wu Dang Kong's methods are also not bad. If she settles down to govern the country, she will also be a famous minister. Gu Chensha said, "Mr. Zhuge, how should we go to Jing Fanxing to get the Green Dragon Bloodline?"

"If I am correct, the Jing Family has a drop of Green Dragon Bloodline for their top disciples. The Jing Family has some luck and will definitely have someone who reincarnated." Zhuge Ya said, "So, King, please make a trip to the Jing Family. This aristocratic family is really ambitious." "The Jing Family is a second-rate aristocratic family but they have accumulated a lot.

Now that Jing Fanxing has cultivated to Dao Realm 22, it will be really easy for him to raise the family's status. "

Gu Chensha said, "However, he tried to assassinate me, so he can't be punished. He has already shown that he wants to go against the court. It is not bad to weaken this aristocratic family.

Unfortunately, Father is in secluded meditation. For the sake of stability, we can only bear with it. Otherwise, we can uproot the Jing Family. "

"The Jing Family has a strong foundation. The top expert isn't Jing Fanxing. Even if he has cultivated Phenomenon 22, he still can't compare to the current family head, Jing Qiu.

If it wasn't for him, how could Wu Clan's Wu Dang Kong be engaged to Jing Fanxing all those years ago? "Zhuge Ya seemed to know everything.

"Jing Qiu hasn't made a move in recent years. I don't know how strong he is. This person is hiding in the Jing Family and training disciples. He is very low-key. However, not only have the Jing Family produced many talents in recent years, they have also contacted many top-tier families. The Jing Wu Chamber of Commerce has many families investing in it. In fact, it has something to do with Jing Qiu's operations behind the scenes." "This person's strength should be that he has cultivated the Undying Body."

Zhuge Ya said, "I've been paying attention to this person since long before I joined the Calmness Celestial Division. Your Highness, when you go there this time, you can spy on this person's background. I feel that this person is much more dangerous than Jing Fanxing and Wu Dangkong." "There must be a reason why Mr. Zhuge is paying so much attention to him."

Gu Chensha started to pay attention, "Dao Realm 23 Transformation is to see the past and 24 Transformation is to see the future. With these two abilities, reaching 25 Transformation is the Undying Body.

If Jing Qiu cultivates the Undying Body, it will be tough to deal with him. I am definitely not his match. "

Dao Realm 22 Transformation was Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth. At this time, one could use one's power to form all things in the world. This was the peak of cultivation.

When one reached 23 Transformation, Past Reflection, one would be able to use one's own power to peer into the past. This realm wasn't simple. One would be able to use one's own power to break through the seal of time and space. One would be able to sense the past on a deeper level.

Dao Realm 23 Transformation, Past Reflection, was to use one's own power to peer into the past. This realm wasn't simple. One would be able to use one's own power to break through the seal of time and space. One would be able to sense the past on a deeper level.

If Jing Fanxing and Gu Huo's cultivation was 23 Transformation, then Gu Chensha might not be able to do anything to them. It seemed like one realm but it represented a huge difference in the usage of one's own power.

As for 24 Transformation, Future Reflection, that was even more unbelievable. The past had already happened and couldn't be changed. This was why it was easier to use power to see the past. Things in the future hadn't happened yet and there were many possibilities. Maybe you could see a change in the future, but because of that, the future wouldn't be that change anymore. All of these things were really messy.

If one reached such a realm, the usage of one's power would be so deep that if Gu Chensha faced one, he wouldn't even be able to escape.

After the 23rd transformation was [Past Reflection] and the 24th transformation was [Future Glimpse], the 25th transformation was [Undying Body].

The name "Immortal Body" certainly represented the strength of the Dharmakaya, but it was more of a method to seek fortune and avoid calamity. Think about it, if you could see the past, peep into the future, understand the changes in the world, and understand all kinds of tribulations, then you could naturally avoid all kinds of schemes and disasters, making it very difficult for you to die. This was the true meaning of "Immortal Body".

Dao Realm reached 20 Transformation, Gather and Disperse Impermanence. After one cultivated power, each realm represented one's comprehension of the laws of heaven and earth. It was totally different from the previous ones. Gu Chensha hadn't cultivated power yet, so he couldn't fight against the strength of the Undying Body.

No matter how strong he was, he wouldn't be able to kill a 14 Transformation expert like he did when he was at 6 Transformation. Crossing seven to eight realms to kill was something that wouldn't happen in the future.

Dao Realm 20 Transformation meant that one was an old person and any old person would have a way to protect their life.

Gu Chensha was now at the nineteenth transformation, Size Manipulation. His Jindan was so powerful that even gods would be shocked. His body was even more powerful. Not only did he have the power of time and space, but he also had all kinds of bloodlines that combined together to form his own unique bloodline.

He had obtained the Vermillion Bird bloodline, Xuanwu bloodline, and White Tiger bloodline. As long as he got the Green Dragon bloodline, he would be able to push his bloodline to the extreme. Finally, if he obtained the North Star bloodline, then when he activated the Five Element bloodline, he would be able to obtain even more benefits. Apart from that, he also had the Five Seasons God bloodline.

These bloodlines were really strong and he used the Hongmeng Saint Body method to refine them, causing his body and bloodline to become one.

This meant that Gu Chensha was just a step away from reaching Dao Realm 20 Transformation, Gather and Disperse Impermanence, and he would be able to cultivate spiritual power.

He obtained the Guardian King Ritual and his body had the King of Spiritual Power. Once he cultivated Impermanence and cultivated power, his combat strength would be far from what it was now.

Even though Gu Chensha's physical body could expand or shrink, it was still a physical body after all. His body was made of flesh and blood. Essentially, there was no change. Mana was Mana. No matter how weak the Mana was, it was still stronger than the strongest physical body.

However, Gu Chensha's realm was rising really quickly. He didn't rely on his own strength to cultivate Great Path Golden Core and 19 Transformation Impermanence. He purely relied on the Heaven Dao Sacrifice.

Originally, he was comprehending in the Demon Region because he wanted to raise his Soul Power to the point where he could multitask before advancing to Great Path Golden Core. That way, his talent wouldn't be much different from a Saint. But after facing the four experts and Zhuge Ya's trap, it caused him to raise two realms. This caused him to be a little unstable and he needed to build a good foundation to break through once more.

This was why he wasn't prepared to try for Dao Realm 20 Transformation. Instead, he wanted to familiarize himself with his Golden Core and body first. Golden Core was key, and spiritual power was even more so. He couldn't be careless at all.

The further he cultivated, the harder it was to move forward. Each realm had its own unique understanding, and the slightest mistake would result in death. This was different from the previous stages.

Cultivation was like playing with gunpowder. At the start, it was just making small firecrackers. That wasn't dangerous, but towards the end, the energy accumulated was so huge that it could destroy mountains and rivers.

For example, a casual wave of Gu Chensha's hand could turn a mountain into dust. Such a huge amount of power was controlled by his small body. If he lost control, the consequences would be unthinkable.

The more power he controlled, the more he couldn't be greedy and act recklessly. Otherwise, he would suffer a backlash. Gu Chensha was very clear on this point.

"It is precisely because Jing Qiu has cultivated an undying body that his prestige within the various large families is extremely high. This is because he is actually not very old, only over a hundred years old. However, the lifespan of an undying body is at least over two thousand years. This is why this person is so powerful.

Roughly 50 years ago, he cultivated the Undying Body. After the Emperor appeared, he went into hiding and didn't do anything. "Zhuge Ya said," So, this person is really good at the secrets of the heavens. He isn't simple. "

Dao Realm 25 Transformation Undying Body. This was basically the realm of the core experts of many families.

For example, thousand-year-old aristocratic families like the Lei Family might not even have reached such a realm.

If one cultivated to such a realm, one would definitely be able to revitalize the family. This was because one could see the past and the future. One would be able to see through everything and not only would one be able to be fair and just, one would also be able to use divination abilities to fight for the greatest benefits for the family. Dao Realm 22 Transformation Heaven and Earth didn't have such an ability.

Gu Chensha obtained many details about the Jing Family from Zhuge Ya and he slowly understood what had happened. His body moved and he exited the Common People's Wish ball to head towards Jing Province.

There were many things to do next. After getting the Green Dragon Bloodline, he had to find out where another Xing Chen reincarnated was.

Zhuge Ya predicted some things, and that was that a Xing Chen reincarnated would appear in the Jing Family.