Chapter 259
===========

"This matter needs to be done swiftly."

Wu Dangkong's tone changed, becoming incomparably cold. "I want to control the court, so I must bite down on the bone of the Calming Immortal Department. I must not allow the Calming Immortal Department to rope in the people of the immortal dao." "There is no need to worry about controlling the court."

Gu Tanjian looked deeply at Wu Dangkong, as if he wanted to see through the veil and see Wu Dangkong's face. "I have already roped in a few Imperial Uncles with real power. Behind them are sage clans that wield great power in the court. They will support you in suppressing the Calming Immortal Department."

"The influence of your National Fortune Party is getting bigger and bigger. You have control over public opinion and the hearts of all the scholars in the world. This is what you call having clouds and rain with a flip of your hand." Wu Dangkong was a formidable character, so how could she completely believe in Gu Shengjian?

"However, my Scenic Martial Merchant Association needs your support. Originally, the Scenic Martial Merchant Association's biggest source of income was working with Baoyu Nation to transport jade stones to the various great clans and even immortal dao sects. Now, this business is completely controlled by the Calming Immortal Department.

"It's very simple. Killing Jin Suibo is equivalent to cutting off the Calming Immortal Department's left arm. Killing Long Yuyun, Yu Hanlu, and the others is equivalent to cutting off the Calming Immortal Department's right arm.

Finally, killing those three. "Jing Fanxing's resentment was so heavy that even the waters of the four seas could not wash it away.

"Tomorrow, I will send a letter to the court in the name of the study."

Wu Dangkong waved his hand. "Say that the national treasury is empty and immediately order the Calming Immortal Department to transfer all the stored resources into the national treasury." "The Calming Immortal Department will definitely not agree." Gu Tanjian's eyes flashed.

"Of course they won't agree."

Wu Dang Kong laughed coldly, "At this time, it is time for you to make use of the public's opinion. The National Fortune Journal will be wantonly attacking the Calming Immortal Department, saying that they are filling their own pockets, disregarding the laws of the country, disregarding human life, oppressing men and seducing women. All kinds of dirty water will be poured on the Calming Immortal Department, portraying it as a criminal organization that is condemned by thousands of people. Let the people of the world think that this is the evil path. Now that we have a righteous name, it will be much easier to kill them.

"That's a good idea."

Gu Tanjian laughed heartily, "If we work together, it won't be a problem to take down a small Calming Immortal Agency. After we take down the Calming Immortal Agency, we'll take down the Heavenly Craftsman Institute, and then the world will be ours." "Those old guys from the Heavenly Craftsman Institute aren't that easy to deal with."

Wu Dangkong nodded, "But with the forces behind us, as long as the Heavenly Talisman Emperor remains in seclusion, it won't be difficult for us to take over the Heavenly Designer Institute." "Most of the people in the Heavenly Craftsman Institute are from the Devil Dao."

Jing Fanxing's murderous aura intensified. "If the Heavenly Talisman really can't appear, the Black Heaven Earth Sect will join forces with the Mystic Gate to subdue the devil! At that time, the world will be divided by us. " "It's not time yet."

Wu Dangkong's thoughts were more reliable. "I still don't know what Tianfu is up to. I haven't seen him since I entered the palace. Every time the imperial edict is given to me by the eunuchs." "You haven't seen this dog emperor yet?"

Jing Fanxing was overjoyed. "I'm afraid this dog emperor really can't hold on any longer. He's going against the grain and is not far from death." "Don't let your guard down."

Wu Dangkong said, "And Fanxing, it's best if we don't meet so easily in the future. This is a troubled time. Before we defeat the Calmness Immortal Bureau and seize power, we can't let anyone get hold of us before we confirm that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor won't appear." "We can only endure for now."

Jing Fanxing nodded. "If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is still alive, he'll be eager to get hold of us and destroy the Wu Clan and the Black Heaven Earth Sect. I know what to do."

"Go back first and contact the immortal dao experts with Xiao Wujin and Jian Chengkong to kill Jin Suibo and the others. You must do it quietly and frame the Barbarian Race or the Great Might Dynasty."

Wu Dang Kong calculated, "For this matter, after you recruit some reliable experts and gather a force, we will be able to resist the Calming Immortal Department. At that time, I will help you find a position in the imperial court and establish an organization similar to the Calming Immortal Department."

"In any case, I'm going to turn this world into a mess. I'm going to make this dog emperor Gu Taxian die without descendants." At this time, Jing Fanxing made a solemn vow. Gu Tanjian's expression was extremely ugly. He was also surnamed Gu.

Jing Fanxing sensed it and immediately felt that he had misspoken. However, he was a proud person, so he didn't apologize and suddenly flew away. Xiao Wujin and Jian Chengkong also followed behind Jing Fanxing.

"Fanxing has been very angry ever since I entered the palace. He often speaks without thinking. Please don't take offense," Wu Dangkong said.

"It's fine. I'm a person who prioritizes the big picture." Gu Tanjian naturally wouldn't lose his temper. Right now, he was about to contact the Wu Clan and the Black Heaven Earth Sect.

The Wu Clan was a giant, and the Black Heaven Earth Sect was also a giant among giants. If he could use Wu Dangkong and Jing Fanxing as a bridge, he could obtain the help of the Black Heaven Earth Sect and the Wu Clan.

"In that case, we'll take our leave here and act according to the plan. As for Li Wanlong, if you're able to get in touch with him, he can be our ally. We can divide up the strongest empire in the history of the world." Wu Dangkong was extremely ambitious.

"You have to be careful. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor didn't let you enter the study to divide his empire." Gu Tanjian played with his ring, the The Great Spirit God Ring. "Maybe he's using you."

"I also know that he's definitely using me. But right now, I only have one path, and that is to take advantage of him as much as I can. Moreover, he let me preside over the study, which is the same as regent."

Wu Dangkong's expression didn't change. "Actually, I've thought about this problem many times. Something must have happened to him. That's why he risked the world's condemnation to promote me. I still have some luck on me." "That's a possibility." Gu Tanjian said, "But you still can't let your guard down."

"I only want to borrow power to build a force and obtain greater strength." Wu Dangkong said, "I don't care about anything else." "Alright, then we'll act according to the plan." Gu Tanjian closed his eyes. Wu Dangkong's body twisted and immediately disappeared without a trace.

"Hmm?"

Gu Zingjian opened his eyes, and a look of surprise appeared on his face. "This woman's realm is simply terrifying. She's even above Jing Fanxing. No wonder she's an existence with great luck. If I can subdue her, it'll be a wonderful thing. She'll fall into my hands sooner or later. I can't let her escape. The world is about to change.

As for that Jing Fanxing, I'll refine him when I have no use for him. I've been forging Giant Miracle Soldiers recently, and he's a good material. I can make nine of them.

One must know that back in the day, The Great Spirit God commanded the Giant Miracle Soldiers for many emperors.

If I can create tens of thousands of Giant Spirit Soldiers and set up a Giant Spirit Executioner Formation, even those who are ten realms higher than me will have to die with regret. " Above the desolate forest.

Jing Fanxing and the other two stopped. "We need to discuss which experts to invite for the assassination. Brother Fanxing, your cultivation is the highest. We'll listen to you." "It's not that easy to kill Jin Suibo," Jing Fanxing said.

Jing Fanxing said, "Right now, there are many experts following him. For example, people like Luo Xiu are stronger than all of you. Unless we invite someone from the sect who is at least at the Twenty Transformations to set up a formation, we won't be able to exterminate these people in one go." "If that's the case, let's kill those juniors first and take back Baoyu Country."

Xiao Wujin sneered. "Baoyu Country has always been the exclusive land of Taiyi Fantasy Sect. I don't know why, but that junior Tai Mengdi actually gave it up and made peace with Celestial Tranquility." "That junior must be out of his mind."

Jian Chengkong waved his sleeves. "They gave up Baoyu Country, which increased the luck of Yongchō and strengthened the emperor's qi. It's a great loss to our Immortal Dao. I think we should hold a meeting to discuss how Taiyi Fantasy Sect will explain to the three Celestial Masters."

"Taiyi Fantasy Sect is actually dissatisfied with the three Celestial Masters. There should have been four Celestial Masters, but Celestial Master Taiyi fell in ancient times because of the three Celestial Masters."

Jing Fanxing sneered. "But it doesn't matter. No matter how much they jump, they won't be able to do anything." "That's true," Xiao Wujin said. "Let's split up. We'll recruit our own experts and meet up in Baoyu Country. "

"Baoyu Country is far away, and the Great Wei Dynasty is still active in the dark. If there's a chance, we can join forces with the experts of that dynasty to deal with Yongchō!"

Jing Fanxing's murderous aura soared into the sky. All the animals in the forest below died, and even the trees began to wither.

When a Golden Dan Great Dao expert got angry, he could instantly turn everything within dozens of li into dead silence.

"Don't leave, all of you. You're plotting a rebellion, and you even killed the people of Celestial Tranquility. How dare you!" Just then, a voice rang out.

A young man appeared. He was wearing an ordinary scholar's robe. He stood in the air with his hands behind his back, staring at Jing Fanxing, Xiao Wujin, and Jian Chengkong.

"Who's there?"

Jing Fanxing didn't even look at him. He waved his sword and slashed out. The sword was hundreds of meters long, and it was strong enough to split a mountain in half. This was the secret sword technique of the Black Heaven Earth Sect. But before the sword light could reach the scholar, it was swallowed up by an invisible force.

"Who are you? How can there be an expert like you in Celestial Tranquility? "

Jing Fanxing was shocked. The sword technique he had just used seemed ordinary, but it contained a powerful killing move. Last time, it had trapped Fa Wuxian in the Wu Prefecture. But now, it had been broken by his opponent. Could it be that his opponent was stronger than Fa Wuxian?

This scholar was Gu Chensha. He, Lou Baiyue, the Black Tortoise, and The Fourth had refined many ancient treasures into the Dragon's Gate. Then, with Wen Hong's guidance, they had returned the Buzhou Palace to the Dragon's Gate. The power of the Dragon's Gate was incredible.

He had learned from many reports that Wu Dangkong, Gu Tanjian, and the others had joined forces to deal with the Celestial Tranquility Department. He had decided to launch a counterattack.

Wu Dangkong and Gu Tanjian were officials of the imperial court, so he couldn't deal with them openly. But these immortal cultivators had long been under surveillance.