Chapter 878
===========

"Look, this is the fate of the Yongchō's Nation!"

In a certain secret place within the Endless Mainland, a gigantic crystal ball was formed out of nowhere. Within that crystal ball was a map of the Four Wilds and the Divine Prefecture.

Surrounding the crystal ball were a few people. They were none other than Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, Xuan Xin, Gu Huo, and Jing Qiu who had escaped earlier on.

After the five of them had triggered the Tribulations, they did not manage to succeed. Even now, the Four Wilds were being suppressed by Gu Chensha, such that they could not wreak havoc at all.

Therefore, they could only flee like dogs that had lost their homes, hiding all over the place, not daring to get close to the Four Wilds and the Divine Prefecture at all.

Xuan Xin, Gu Huo, Gu Changjian, and Jing Qiu had obtained the Heart of the Eastern Wilderness, the Heart of the Desolate Ocean, the Heart of the Savage Wilderness, and the Heart of the Desolate Desert respectively. When they joined forces, they were able to manipulate the Source of the Four Wilds and affect the Divine Prefecture. For example, Gu Huo could even create countless disasters, causing the storms on the seas to sweep inland, causing the seawater to flow in reverse, turning the entire Divine Prefecture into an ocean.

Furthermore, he was not only the Lord of the Desolate Ocean, but also the Heavenly King of Calamities. When the two of them worked together, they could practically bring about endless Tribulations to the Divine Prefecture.

But right now, the power that Gu Chensha had split out was enough to suppress the Desolate Ocean to the point that it could not move at all. Countless oceans were tranquil and the weather was favorable, causing the Divine Prefecture to be in a state of peace.

Gu Huo could not create any disasters at all. In fact, he knew that the moment he entered the Four Wilds, he would be under the control of Gu Chensha's Imperial Court. In fact, he might even be suppressed, making it hard for him to escape.

Therefore, these people were like bugs in the sewers, hiding everywhere. In the corners of the Heaven Realm, they plotted and schemed, trying to find an opportunity to deal a fatal blow to Gu Chensha.

"The Yongchō's Destiny is as red as fire, condensed into a corporeal form that can incinerate everything. It's millions and millions of times stronger than the Destiny of the previous dynasties. With the support of this Destiny, it's no wonder Gu Chensha was able to cultivate to such a level, and even pose a threat to the Heavenly Court in the future. However, look, there are hidden dangers within this Destiny. Within that fiery red destiny, there are many black tribulations. These black tribulations are the ambitions of humans."

Jing Qiu pointed at the Eternal Dynasty of the Four Wastelands in the crystal ball and said, "Look, these are the evidence."

As expected, when Xuan Xin and the others looked over, they discovered that in the midst of the nation's fortune that was engulfing the world like flames, there were many black auras that resembled insects being born. After these black auras were born, they were refined by the nation's fortune.

But following that, more and more black auras appeared. Refining one strand gave birth to ten strands. Refining ten strands gave birth to a hundred strands.

These people were all peerless experts at the Heavenly Longevity Realm. Naturally, they knew what was going on.

"Hahaha!" Xuan Xin laughed. "With this, the Heavenly Daos will change, and the Divine Prefecture will be filled with heroes. When the time comes, everyone will be an expert. Let's see how that Gu Chensha can suppress the ambitions of humans. We just need to wait and see, and the Imperial Court will fall into chaos. Putting out fires everywhere will only bring trouble to ourselves. " "That's right. We need to wait and see." At this time, a voice rang out. The five looked over and saw a few people.

"The Great Spirit God!

Immortal Teacher Wan, God Mahākāśyapa, and the Chaotic World Demonic Deity Ape! "Four people came, led by Mighty Miracle God.

Especially when Jing Qiu saw the Mighty Miracle God, he was instantly shocked because he discovered that the Mighty Miracle God's aura was completely different. On the surface, there didn't seem to be anything, but upon closer inspection, the Great Thousand Energy surging from the Mighty Miracle God's body encompassed the eight desolaces and devoured the universe, growing and multiplying endlessly. It was actually no longer the Heavenly Longevity Realm, but the Heaven Origin Realm.

"The Great Spirit God, you've broken through to the Divine Essence Realm?

That means you're the first living being to break through to the Divine Essence Realm? "Jing Qiu's hands trembled.

"That's right. I've successfully broken through to the Divine Essence Realm."

The Great Spirit God smiled. "From the start of the Heavenly Talisman Thirty-Six Years, the Heavenly Dao stopped monitoring the world, and I broke through because of this.

However, even though I had broken through to the Heaven Primordial Realm, I was still no match for Gu Chensha. Hence, I could only endure it. I didn't want to be protected by the Gate Jin Heavenly King and the Gate Jin Heavenly King, but even the Gate Jin Heavenly King and the Gate Jin Heavenly King were devoured by Gu Chensha. Fortunately, we managed to escape and were alerted earlier, allowing us to receive guidance from an expert. Otherwise, I'm afraid we would still be trapped in the Dragonless Gourd, praying and worshipping every day, unable to escape. "

"That's right. There are about two thousand True Gods gathered in the Dragonless Gourd. Gu Chensha can rely on this to receive a large number of sacrifices to maintain his body's operation and cultivation base."

God Maha said, "This person's power is already established. We can't go against him for now, so we can only work together to prevent him from bringing about his own destruction." "Are we going to establish another alliance?"

Xuan Xin said with a strange expression, "The alliance that we established in the Black Heaven and Earth Sect collapsed in an instant. The Celestial Master was captured, and so was my ancestor, Ancestor Heaven and Earth. Now, the entire sect is in Gu Chensha's hands, and the Eastern Barren is stable. Even if I'm recognized by the Eastern Barren Heart, I can't use the power of the Eastern Barren anymore. If this goes on, the Four Barrens will definitely be suppressed by Gu Chensha. Wan Senshi, you used to be one of us. What do you think now?"

"That little bastard Gu Chensha is full of Qi. We can't defeat him for now, but sooner or later, we'll suppress him and watch him die a miserable death."

Wan Senshi's face darkened. "Xuan Xin, your Heart of Infinity is in his hands now, and you can't use the power of the Eastern Barren anymore. You're very weak now. You have to be careful of being plotted against. " "Don't worry, I have a way to protect myself," Xuan Xin said.

Xuan Xin said, "However, it's necessary for us to stop scheming against each other. We have to let go of all our past grievances. Also, we're following the future Heavenly Court. I think you're here today because you've received instructions from a Heavenly King?"

"That's right. We've been instructed by Chaotic Heavenly King and Heavenly King Daluo to join forces and cultivate a formation."

The Great Spirit God said, "Once this formation is completed, the Qi of the Divine Prefecture will become denser, and the Heavenly Court of the Divine Prefecture will be activated.

It will allow the people with the bloodline of the Divine Prefecture to cultivate faster, and then they'll understand that they're the strong men of the Heavenly Court. That way, the Imperial Court will fall apart. " "So it has such a magical effect? If that's the case, let's join together," Gu Tanjian said happily.

"None of you need to join. Join my side."

At that moment, another person appeared in front of them. This person was very powerful, and it seemed like even the calamity of the universe couldn't do anything to him. It was the Crown Prince, Gu Xuansha.

"Gu Xuansha, why are you here? Weren't you imprisoned?" Gu Tanjian said.

"My good nephew and son, don't you care about your uncle and father?" Gu Xuansha looked at Gu Changjian with a sinister smile on his face. Gu Changjian was Gu Xuansha's son, but Gu Changjian was the reincarnation of Infinity Blade.

All these years, he'd been plotting against Gu Xuansha and obtained the Heart of Man. Because of that, his relationship with Gu Xuansha had faded a lot.

"Congratulations on escaping, Father."

Gu Changjian carefully sensed Gu Xuansha's aura, but he couldn't see through it. In the past and the future, Gu Xuansha didn't exist. He was shocked. He knew that Gu Xuansha must have had a miraculous encounter. "Father, you were able to escape Gu Chensha's suppression. You must have had a miraculous encounter." "That's right."

Gu Xuansha clasped his hands behind his back. "I had a miraculous encounter, one that you can't imagine. I'm going to come out and take back what belongs to me. I'm the crown prince. If the emperor isn't here, then the throne is mine. I'm the master of the Divine Prefecture, the master of the four wilds, the master of the Heaven World, the master of all worlds, the only master in history. Emperor Heaven, Gu Chensha, they'll all be suppressed, captured, and devoured by me." "Crazy, crazy." God Maha frowned. He felt that things weren't good.

"What? You don't believe me? You don't want to be under me? "

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha moved his body, and suddenly, a ray of light covered everything. In the overwhelming light, no one could move, including Mighty Miracle God, who had just reached the Divine Origin Realm.

Under Gu Xuansha's light, they were like ants in front of a stormy sea. They couldn't fight back at all.

"This is the power of the Prehistoric Civilization," The Great Spirit God roared.

"Yes, The Great Spirit God, you know what's good for you," Gu Xuansha said proudly.

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha said proudly, "Submit to me, and I'll give you more power. The prehistoric civilization didn't collapse even after the Heavenly Tribulation. This shows how vast this civilization is. As long as you submit to me, even if you fail, you can rise again in the next era.

The most important thing is that in this era, I can replace the future Heavenly Court and devour the Emperor Heaven and Gu Chensha to obtain the strongest power. You'll have a great future if you follow me. Do you understand? " "What if we don't want to?" The Chaotic Demon God Ape struggled.

"Then die."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha said, "Although I really need your power of worship, if you don't surrender to me, I will immediately kill you and turn you into puppets and magic treasures. With you as the foundation, I can definitely refine the strongest puppets." "I'm willing to surrender." The Great Spirit God was the first to make his stand.

Xuan Xin was still struggling. From the bottom of his heart, he definitely wanted to kill all the people who had the blood of Gu Taxian. However, he was ambitious but not talented. He had been killed before, and now after his resurrection, he had not achieved any success. Instead, one wrong step led to many wrong steps. In the end, he ended up like a stray dog.

He wanted to kill Gu Xuansha in front of him, but the situation was stronger than him. In the end, he suppressed his hatred and said, "I'm also willing to surrender."

"Very good. Gu Huo, Jing Qiu, you are the reincarnations of the Heavenly King. Will you surrender?" Gu Xuansha asked again. You can watch all kinds of things you want to watch.