Chapter 352
===========

Gu Chensha was well aware that the true treasures left behind by the previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, were far more important than the Heavenly Demon Tome.

Jiang Gongwang had assisted many ancient heavenly sons, and could be said to be their teacher. In terms of scheming, he was on par with the three celestials. He was a king amongst sages, and even the seven ancient human Sages had to concede defeat to him.

If anyone else got their hands on this treasure trove, the Calming Immortal Department would be in danger of being destroyed.

Although Zhuge Ya was the current Lord of Seven Stars, and Jiang Gongwang had left his treasure trove to him, Jiang Gongwang's actions were heaven-defying. He would definitely be met with countless tribulations.

"Where exactly is the World-Burying Coffin?" asked Gu Chensha.

"It's in a very secretive part of space-time that we can't find. However, I can set up a spell formation and an altar to attract the coffin. After all, I have a deep connection with the coffin. Once it appears, I'll be able to take a portion of its power.

Zhuge Ya continued, "However, once the coffin is revealed, countless old-timers hiding in the depths will come. The three Celestials might even personally make a move. It's like a storm is brewing, and I'm not completely confident that I'll be able to acquire the coffin and all of its magical treasures." "That's worth a gamble."

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue exchanged a glance. They were both thinking the same thing. Back when they had accepted Zhuge Ya, they'd disregarded success and failure to help him fuse with the seven star profundities. They had taken a huge risk, and even used up a Death-Exemption Talisman. Now, they had reaped enormous rewards. If they really could get their hands on Jiang Gongwang's treasure trove, it would be like reaching the heavens in a single step.

But now that they heard Zhuge Ya's words, Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and even Jin Suibo couldn't help but feel that things weren't as simple as they seemed.

"There's no rush. I've been planning this all along. This time, with the help of Wu Dangkong's Great Festival of the Hundred Realms, my cultivation base has improved further. My plan is to set up a real sacrificial altar in this sphere of the People's Wish and summon the World-Burying Coffin." Zhuge Ya said, "I'll have to rely on Your Highness and the Princess to come up with a plan for all this." "Mr. Zhuge, tell me if you have any ideas," Lou Baiyue said.

"I need a lot of materials to set up the altar. It's best if I can gather the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, and North Star. That way, there would be a lot more assurance.

Actually, the North Star Will in the original Heavenly Demon Book isn't complete. There should still be his will left in other places, and there should also be treasures left behind by him. "

Zhuge Ya said, "But now, his will hasn't been completely destroyed in the Common People's Wish sphere, and there's still a chance that it could be activated. It's the same for Aunt Hu. I didn't kill them, I just made them a part of the sphere so that they can't cause any trouble. In the future, if the conditions allow it, I'll make them appear again. "

"There's an ancient Azure Dragon in the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. Isn't the White Tiger egg in the hands of the Ancient Mystic Sand?"

Gu Chensha said, "Oh right, when I was in the Demon Domain, didn't my second brother come over and use the power of the sphere to raise his cultivation to the 22 Transformations of Heaven and Earth?"

"We've already completed this transaction. In the end, he still took advantage of us. If we hadn't eliminated the hidden dangers for him, he wouldn't have been able to escape the control of the three Heavenly Venerables."

Lou Baiyue knew some secrets. "However, we secretly extracted some of the White Tiger's bloodline from him. From this, we already know that the Ancient Mystic Sand has already extracted the life essence from the White Tiger egg and injected it into its body, causing it to be the White Tiger, and the White Tiger is him.

However, this is something that goes against the heavens after all, and there's still a huge drawback. The real White Tiger is actually equivalent to a natural-born Saint, and it's not inferior to Fa Wuxian at all.

Furthermore, he is still an unparalleled genius and not a natural-born Saint. He has always wanted to resolve this drawback, to completely merge his bloodline with the White Tiger bloodline. "

"According to rumor, the Azure Dragon bloodline, the White Tiger bloodline, the Vermilion Bird bloodline, the Black Tortoise bloodline, and the North Star bloodline will merge the five great bloodlines into one, bringing great benefits. However, since ancient times, no one has tried it, and no one knows what will happen." Jin Suibo said, "I think that the crown prince wants to obtain the Vermilion Bird bloodline and the Black Tortoise bloodline."

"We obtained the Azure Dragon Divine Wood previously. However, it only had the aura of the Azure Dragon, and we could not extract the pure bloodline. As for the North Star bloodline, it only has a will, not a bloodline." Gu Chensha said, "Could it be that Mister wants to use the five great bloodlines to lay an altar?" "That's right. I need to plan thoroughly before I can obtain the World Burying Coffin."

Zhuge Ya looked at the world within the sphere of the Common People's Wish. "The Azure Dragon bloodline is actually not difficult. Jing Fanxing has it, but to obtain it, we need to plan. As for the North Star bloodline, that is the most difficult. However, I have some confidence that I will personally obtain it.

This way, all five great bloodlines will be gathered. At that time, I still have one more thing to do. " "What is it?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Your Highness, please make a trip to the seabed of Baoyu Nation and come to an agreement with the Divine Prefecture's number one fiend, Xing Qiong," Zhuge Ya said, "I also want to obtain his bloodline and lay a true peerless formation." "This …" Gu Chensha frowned. "Dealing with this peerless fiend is like asking a tiger for its skin." "It's fine. I have some confidence.

Moreover, the Divine Prefecture's number one fiend is still far from being comparable to the Emperor. If my calculations are correct, the Emperor is currently suppressing the Heavenly Daos and the gods. He has no time to spare, but we might be able to help the Emperor, "Zhuge Ya said.

"How do we help?" Gu Chensha suddenly asked.

"That is to release Xing Qiong. This is an absolutely dangerous move. I have many plans. Xing Qiong was captured by Jiang Gongwang in the past. I am very familiar with Xing Qiong's personality. As long as Your Highness follows my plan and negotiates with Xing Qiong, there will definitely not be any problems.

However, before that, Your Highness should improve further. Cultivate your magic power before going. That way, if you encounter danger, it will be easier for you to escape. "

Zhuge Ya spoke calmly. This kind of bearing made people feel that everything was within his calculations.

As he spoke, he spread open his hand. Instantly, a silvery-white light surged out of the distant Touch of the Ghost-God tree. This light landed in Zhuge Ya's hand and turned into a drop of blood.

"This is the White Tiger Bloodline that I refined. It can be merged into Your Highness' body."

Zhuge Ya said, "Your Royal Highness, you already have the bloodline of the Black Tortoise, the Vermillion Bird, and the Sun and Moon Dragon in your body. When you combine them, you will be extremely powerful. However, if you can gather all five bloodlines of the sacred beasts, the strength of your body will be unparalleled throughout history."

Gu Chensha merged the White Tiger Bloodline into his body. He felt a killing intent circulating in the depths of his body. This was the Western Geng Metal Technique.

He hatched the Xuanwu and Vermillion Bird babies and his bloodline had the characteristics of the Vermillion Bird and Xuanwu. Water and fire complemented one another. His meridians and acupoints were many times stronger than anyone else's.

This was the reason why he was able to crush the four experts working together at Dao Realm Transformation 19.

"This time, Your Highness killed Wang Ji and Xiao Yan, which will probably infuriate the Scarlet Cloud Sect. However, it doesn't matter. Although the Scarlet Cloud Sect has a rich foundation, they were beaten up by the Emperor and won't dare to act rashly.

The headmaster of the Crimson Firmament Profound Sect only knows how to plot and scheme in secret, and will not openly assassinate anyone. "

A cold smile appeared on Jin Suibo's face. "Even so, the Scarlet Cloud Sect actually dared to assassinate Your Highness. It seems like they are tired of living. This sect has to be disbanded. This has already crossed the Imperial Court's bottom line." "We have to make an example out of them."

Lou Baiyue agreed. "Ever since His Majesty went into seclusion, those Mystical Immortal Dao Sects started to get restless. Rumors started to spread, and the Mystical Immortal Dao Sects even agreed to let the Great Prestige Dynasty into the Divine Continent. This is like letting a wolf into the house. "

"I have my own concerns about this," Zhuge Ya said. "Actually, letting the Great Wei Dynasty into the Divine Land isn't a bad thing." "Why do you say that, Mister?" Gu Chensha hurriedly asked.

"Your Highness, don't be anxious. Listen to me in detail." Zhuge Ya knew that his words were shocking. "Your Highness, what do you think of the people of the Great Wei Dynasty?"

"They are humans. They are civilized and have etiquette. They are different from the Barbarian Tribe and Demons." Gu Chensha seemed to have understood what Zhuge Ya wanted to say. "That's right.

The Great Wei Dynasty actually has many experts, and their many years of accumulation are no small matter. After all, they are different from the Barbarian Tribe. The Barbarian Tribe has been corrupted by the evil gods for many years. On the surface, they are humans, but in their bones, they are still wild beasts and demons. The billions of citizens of the Great Wei Dynasty are still humans. If our Yongchō can take over the Great Wei Dynasty, both our population and the fate of the nation will increase by many folds. I dare say that if we take over the Great Wei Dynasty, we will push the fate of the nation of Yongchō to its peak. Then, we will be able to influence the Heavenly Dao, and even help the Emperor. "Zhuge Ya said.

"But the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor's power is probably above that of the Black Heaven Earth Sect's sect leader. Other than that, the entire Great Wei Dynasty is filled with experts. Not counting the Emperor, our Yongchō's power is probably even weaker than the Great Wei Dynasty." Lou Baiyue also felt that this idea was too wild.

"What if the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor could not resist the call of the Heavenly Dao, and merged with the Dao?"

Zhuge Ya smiled. "Without the suppression of such an expert, we will have more opportunities. Actually, Your Highness and Princess do not need to belittle yourselves. In another three to five years, what level do you think our power will reach?" "That's right!"

Lou Baiyue's eyes sparkled. "Right now, our cultivation base is improving very quickly. In time, we might really have the chance to take over the Great Wei Dynasty."

If the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor merged with the Dao, with the current power of the Celestial Pacification Department, they could secretly support a faction in the Great Wei Dynasty. They might really turn the Great Wei Dynasty into the Jewel Kingdom, and be recruited by the Yongchō.