Chapter 1141
============

King versus King

"The tribulation has come. This is Chen Qi's tribulation." The mysterious supreme masked man said.

He didn't act immediately. Instead, he observed carefully. This was a huge breakthrough that could give him a lot of experience. His cultivation level was the same as Chen Qi's, but he didn't dare to advance to a trillion lifespan. That was because he knew that a trillion lifespan was a huge tribulation.

If he succeeded, he would gain a lot of benefits. But if he failed, he would really die without a burial, with no chance of resurrection. Therefore, he didn't dare. But Chen Qi did.

"This Chen Qi is actually braver than I am."

The mysterious supreme masked man said, "But he's too eager for success, so he's only going to benefit me. I'll kill him at the most crucial moment, then devour his unimaginable universe. Not only will my strength surpass a trillion lifespan, but I'll also be invincible. More importantly, Zhou Qin will also appear.

After this person appears, I will find an opportunity to suppress and kill him, obtain his fate and Luck, and break some sort of balance. Then, I will be able to deal with Hong Yi and the others. As long as I completely devour those six people and obtain all of their abilities, those six people will basically become my resources. "

All of a sudden, he discovered that there were many powerful existences spying on him from various places.

"Zhou Qin and the others have similar cultivation bases as me. They're all hiding in some very secret places. But as long as I capture Qin Guang, I'll be able to obtain Zhou Qin's position through his karma. And Zhou Qin won't be able to discover me. That's my advantage. It's easy to dodge a spear in the open, but hard to guard against a stab in the dark." The mysterious supreme masked man emitted a sinister aura. Rumble! Countless powers exploded between heaven and earth. Thunder and lightning gathered on Chen Qi's body. Chen Qi looked like he was in pain.

This was because he was suffering unbearable pain. The change to a trillion lifespan was a huge metamorphosis. It was like a Sage becoming a Heavenly Lord, which was not tolerated by heaven and earth.

Indeed, although the realm of a trillion lifespan was still at the level of the Supreme Immortal, it had actually evolved into another form of life. In terms of power, this form of life could kill and plunder the lives of the countless living beings in the universe.

Although Chen Qi wasn't that kind of person, his power was enough to pose a threat to countless lives.

In the unseen world, countless universes, countless living beings, and countless unknown existences would more or less resist Chen Qi. This was especially true for some of the powerful existences wandering in the depths of the void.

It had been many years since the development of the multiverse. As the saying goes, when the forest is big, there are all kinds of birds. In the depths of the endless void, some unknown powerful beings gradually formed. For example, some systems.

"This system is so powerful!"

The masked Paragon watched as, amidst the boundless tribulations, numerous systems appeared. They were made up of data, and they radiated boundless godly might as they attacked Chen Qi.

One of the systems was filled with a purple stream of data. Although it was not as powerful as Chen Qi's, it still had a lifespan of 800 billion.

There was actually such a powerful system in the world, and it seemed like it was trying to take over Chen Qi's body and turn into a human. The masked Paragon clicked his tongue in admiration.

"I don't know how many fortuitous encounters I've had, how many plots and schemes I've carried out to finally reach this point, standing at the peak of all living beings in the universe. But the multiverse is indeed filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons. There are actually so many powerful systems hidden in the depths of the void." The masked Paragon was still observing.

Other than the purple data stream system, there were also a few systems that were extremely powerful. For example, there was a golden data stream system, and a black data stream system. Their strength was equivalent to a peerless Undying being with a lifespan of 500 to 600 billion. It was unknown just how many hosts these systems had devoured to reach such a level. The system would search for the host, and then devour the host. This was one of the basic rules of the world.

Many people with great destiny, when they first obtained the system, they thought it was a fortuitous encounter. Indeed, after obtaining the system, they killed gods and slayed immortals, becoming invincible, and walked towards the peak of life. But during this process, the system was actually taking away their destiny. Absorbing the essence of their destiny. Once the destiny was completely absorbed, the system would leave the host. In the end, the host would completely collapse and die. Of course, there were also cases where the host rebelled against the system. For example, Wang Dong devoured the system and became himself. And the ancient mystique was when the system devoured the host and turned into a human. Such a situation was happening every day in the multiverse of the multiverse.

Systems were existences that inherited destiny and the birth of souls. For example, if a universe obtained many universes, all living beings would have resentment, and their souls would be filled with rage. Their soul power would spread out, and over time, they would create the system.

Now, these powerful systems were like space bandits and interstellar pirates, beginning to plunder Chen Qi.

"Seal!"

Although Chen Qi had encountered many tribulations and was in great pain, he still had extremely powerful combat strength.

Just as the systems were about to enter his body and take over his body, he roared and suddenly wrote the word 'seal' in the air with his finger.

That 'seal' character was incredibly sturdy, and as soon as it appeared, it unleashed an unimaginable power that sealed all of the systems. From a bird's eye view, it looked like a huge net, within which all of the systems transformed into primordial dragons that tried to flee, but were unable to escape.

"Amazing."

The mysterious masked Paragon sighed in admiration. "This Chen Qi's power is actually above mine. Even in this situation, he can seal so many systems. Even at my peak, I probably wouldn't be able to seal them all at once. This shows that Chen Qi has other tricks up his sleeves. He's a creator, and who knows how many worlds he's created. Those worlds have all become real, and they've given him immense power.

Hmm … I can sense that group of people, including Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, and Zhuge Ya, are all paying attention to this place. " This was a huge change in the world. It was also a huge experiment, so many people wanted to use this opportunity to gain experience.

"How delicious."

The mysterious masked Paragon licked his lips as if he were looking at some sort of delicacy. "Lou Baiyue and the others are the best delicacies. They've obtained the best experience from Gu Chensha. If I could devour them, that experience would definitely be wonderful. Most importantly, these people aren't very strong. Right now, Lou Baiyue's power is only half of mine.

However, they also have many trump cards, and they won't be easy to deal with. Furthermore, it's still unknown whether or not Gu Chensha will come out. "

Lou Baiyue's cultivation base had always been at the peak, but she wasn't the number one person in Gu Chensha's team.

Lou Baiyue's cultivation base was very high, but compared to the true darlings of the era, she still couldn't compare. In this era, the true darlings were Chen Qi and the mysterious masked Paragon.

However, even the most powerful darlings would have a day when their curtain would fall. As for Lou Baiyue's team, their curtain never fell. As the era progressed, they would forever be at the peak. In this era, those with a lifespan of over a hundred billion could be considered the top. The mysterious masked Paragon really wanted to devour this team, but he was wary of Gu Chensha. In fact, in the multiverse, there were many people who had the same thoughts as him.

Even Qin Guang had the same thoughts. However, the current Qin Guang was far from his original strength.

"If I could start all over again, I definitely wouldn't have made this choice.

I would have truly stood at the peak. "Qin Guang was filled with regret, but there was nothing he could do. He could only pray for the opportunity to come to his side again. Crackle!

Suddenly, the entire world changed color, turning fiery red. Then, a huge scarlet hand appeared and slapped towards Chen Qi. The power of this huge hand was enough to tear an endless universe apart.

"It's Hong Yi."

Qin Guang's heart trembled. "Hong Yi has made his move. What power. He's actually not weaker than the masked Paragon, and seems even stronger. Does Zhou Qin also have such power? Are these six people destined by the heavens? No, in front of us, the heavens are just like pigs and dogs. What kind of destiny can allow these six people to remain at the peak forever? " "Good, very good. Powerful." The mysterious masked Paragon clapped. "Hong Yi's strength is indeed tyrannical.

This way, I have even more value in devouring him. Even though I've calculated for a long time and deduced the strength of these six people, the actual situation still exceeded my expectations. Interesting, interesting.

However, I have to kill and devour Zhou Qin first. Only then will I have the strength to deal with the remaining five. " "Is that so?" At this moment, a voice rang out.

A voice rang out. After that, a young man in green clothes appeared behind Qin Guang. This young man was Zhou Qin. On his face, there was a look of complete understanding, as though everything was under his control.

Then, his palm easily pierced through Qin Guang's heart. With a little force, he dug out his heart and crushed it. Then, a flame enveloped Qin Guang. Within the flame, Qin Guang screamed and turned into ashes.

After killing Qin Guang, Zhou Qin faced the mysterious masked Paragon again. "You, a rat in the gutter, have reached your end."