Chapter 226
===========

Innate Stellar Qi, even if an ordinary person cultivated it to the extreme, could only manifest sabers, spears, swords, and halberds. At most, it would be some kind of talisman treasure, and even stronger, it would be lightning formed from runes.

To manifest a starry sky, with the stars shining brightly, and then the stars changing with each other, coinciding with the movement of the celestial bodies. As the boundary rotated, the Innate Stellar Qi would connect with the true power of the stars in the sky, causing the power of the stars to descend. This was an unimaginable realm. Gu Chensha's Innate Stellar Qi turned into a starry sky, covering dozens of miles.

The stars formed in the starry sky were very mysterious, as they rotated, one could vaguely see the vast power of the stars being drawn from the Nine Heavens, strand by strand, it poured into his boundary, causing his Stellar Qi boundary to fuse with the power of the stars, fusing heaven, earth, and man into one. This was a method he had comprehended, and was also a wondrous technique of the Clumsy Fist. Even a rock in the mud on the ground would one day become a dazzling star.

Moreover, when he saw Grand Tutor Wen Hong cast the "Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art" in Bu Zhou Palace, he was deeply touched.

Many of the martial arts he learned involved the transformation of the stars, including the newest Nine Calamities Transformation, which also included the Star of Calamity, not to mention the Heavenly Star Talisman, Star Guiding Talisman, and the Star Constellation Sacrificial Talisman of the Sun and Moon Sacrificial Talisman.

In summary, he incorporated all of these into the Clumsy Fist, and the ignorant people corresponded to the dazzling starry sky. Gazing at the starry sky, there was also hope. The star boundary changed.

During the last great calamity, when the stars descended into the world, he observed the astronomical phenomena, and had some slight understanding. The stars and the people were so closely related. Even the stars high up in the sky had to borrow the power of mortals in order to appear in time. This kind of understanding allowed him to manifest a method that was close to nature.

The moment the star boundary changed, it actually trapped Tai Mang Di inside, preventing him from appearing.

"Good!" Although Tai Mang Di was trapped, Gu Chensha could not harm him.

His cultivation was unfathomable, Tai Yi Divine Skill circulated throughout his body, and his Stellar Qi attacked repeatedly, causing the entire star boundary to shake.

As for Gu Chensha, he shrunk the Astral Boundary, crushing it from dozens of miles to only a few miles. The stars inside became even more dazzling.

At this moment, if someone were to look from afar, they would see a nebula wriggling on the surface of the sea, emitting rumbling sounds. Above the Nine Heavens, starlight was faintly discernible, descending into the nebula in strands, making the nebula even more realistic. It was as if a piece of the stars in the sky had been torn down and descended into the human world.

"Truly powerful. The son of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor truly lives up to his reputation. No wonder he could kill the Thunder Martial Sha with a single sword strike."

Tai Mangdi's eyes were burning with fighting spirit, his entire body seemed to be burning with excitement: "If that's the case, I have no choice but to use my true abilities and play with you. Heavenly Palace of Taiyi! " Rumble!

Innate Stellar Qi also appeared above his head, turning into a celestial palace. This celestial palace was majestic and magnificent, almost comparable to Bu Zhou Palace.

At first, the Heavenly Palace was only the size of a palm, but in the blink of an eye, it began to expand. All the nebula was blasted apart.

Around the celestial palace, there were immortal beasts such as azure lions, white elephants, green luans, fire phoenixes, white cranes, colorful deer, and many more. There were also many golden-armored immortals wandering around. This celestial palace was one, exploding with great power.

Gu Chensha was expressionless, more innate Stellar Qi emerged from his body. His bier was calm, without a single stray thought. At this moment, even if the opponent was a god from the Nine Heavens descending to the mortal world, he would not be surprised or moved at all. His spirit consciousness expanded again, and the innate Stellar Qi became more and more profound. This nebula seemed to start breathing, suddenly condensing and turning into a huge instrument. Zhou Tian Yi.

This instrument could deduce thousands of mysteries, encompassing all things in the world, including the vicissitudes of the human world. No matter how imposing the opponent's celestial palace was, it was suppressed by this Zhou Tian Yi.

Zhou Tian Yi did not use power to suppress, but used its profound intelligence to deduce the flaws of this celestial palace, and then attacked and destroyed it.

"Taiyi Transformation, Limitless Limit!"

Tai Mang Di roared again, he did not expect that he could not break out of Gu Chensha's Stellar Qi encirclement, only now did he realize that Gu Chensha's strength was much stronger than he had imagined. All sorts of auras boiled on his body, twisting repeatedly, releasing even stronger Stellar Qi.

War drums thundered inside the celestial palace, as if thousands of immortal generals were coming out to kill.

Intense radiance spun along with the celestial palace, shooting out in all directions, not stopping until Gu Chensha's seal was broken.

This time, Gu Chensha also felt the pressure increase. His innate Stellar Qi was like a sturdy dam, while Tai Mang Di's attacks were like a raging flood, never stopping.

"Where did this kid get such dense Stellar Qi from? To be able to last for so long, and retaliate even more fiercely. "

He was also puzzled. He had refined the Dragon Transformation Pagoda into a dragon gate, and had many fortuitous encounters, evolving the dragon gate. At first, he had devoured the Sea Carrying Gourd, which formed a space of its own that could store innate Stellar Qi, allowing his own Stellar Qi to multiply.

After that, he had fused with the Sun Swallowing Bashe Pouch, which could store even more Stellar Qi, and he could devour all sorts of strange energies to convert them into his own innate Stellar Qi. Finally, he had refined the Star Dragon Bracelet, which expanded the space inside the dragon gate, making his innate Stellar Qi unparalleled in the same cultivation realm.

It could be said that in the same cultivation realm, other than Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha felt that no one could compare to him in having an aura that was longer and more resilient.

But now that this Tai Mang Di could still hold out, he definitely had an unparalleled treasure on him.

There seemed to be dragons swimming in Gu Chensha's pupils, and in that instant, he could almost see through many parts of Tai Mang Di's body.

As expected, he found that deep in this person's dantian, there was a radiant pearl that was continuously providing him with innate Stellar Qi. This pearl gave off an ancient aura.

"I see."

Gu Chensha let out a long howl, and the innate Stellar Qi in his palm instantly condensed into a rune. This rune was the "Sealing Rune". This rune appeared, fused with his Stellar Qi, and entered the expanding sky palace.

Instantly, the sky palace seemed to have its source of power cut off, and it quickly shrunk, no longer having any aura.

"Hmm?" Tai Mang Di found that the source of Stellar Qi in his body was actually cut off.

He put his palms together, and Yin and Yang became one. His body once again produced an unseen power, and he wanted to shatter Gu Chensha's seal.

But in that instant, Gu Chensha retracted all of his innate Stellar Qi, and a sword appeared in his palm, and he slashed. Just one sword.

Once this sword appeared, the light of the sun and moon seemed to be stolen, and the power of heaven and earth seemed to be suppressed. The hearts of all living beings were connected.

But this sword's posture was laughably clumsy, like a newborn piglet, round and blurry, and unable to do anything. It was this sword that severed all the profound meanings. The complicated and chaotic changes were all severed by this sword. Weng …

Just as Tai Mang Di removed the seal and recovered his Stellar Qi, Gu Chensha's sword was already on his neck.

The sword light spat out, and it gave off a terrifying aura. Its killing power was enough to slice open the Glass Jade Body and cut off his head.

Although the Dao Realm Glass Jade Body was strong, if one's head was cut off, one would definitely die. And Gu Chensha was enough to cut off his head.

"Thanks for letting me win." He retracted his sword. Of course, Gu Chensha wouldn't kill him.

He was the son of Taiyi Mystic Sect's sect leader, and if he killed him, the entire Mystic Sect would probably go crazy, and the consequences would be hard to bear. "Your body is the same as mine, and you have an extremely strong treasure. But that treasure was not crafted by you, so when you use it, there are still slight flaws. This allowed me to use a mysterious technique to temporarily cut off your connection with the treasure, and luckily win."

Treasures were not crafted by oneself, so there would always be some incompatibility, and they wouldn't be able to move as one wished.

"Amazing."

Tai Mang Di knew that he had lost, but he wasn't discouraged, "You are right. The treasure in my body is called Taiyi Pearl, and it is the most important treasure of my sect. However, for tens of thousands of years, no one has been able to gain its recognition. However, it has recognized me. With this pearl, I am almost invincible among my peers, but I lost to you.

Like you said, my connection with this treasure isn't that close, but in the future, I won't lose so easily. "

"I remember that in the ancient legends, the Taiyi Pearl is a bit of chaos essence left after the creation of the world. It was refined into a supreme treasure by the founder of Taiyi Mystic Sect, Taiyi Heavenly Lord. After Taiyi Heavenly Lord died, no one has been able to activate this treasure." Gu Chensha was extremely shocked, "You actually gained the pearl's recognition." "Humph!"

Tai Mang Di's eyes turned sharp, "The founder of Taiyi Mystic Sect, Taiyi Heavenly Lord, had a great cultivation base. If he hadn't died that year, he wouldn't have been bullied by the three Heavenly Lords."

Hearing this, Gu Chensha's heart raced. He had long heard that the three supreme Heavenly Lords of the Immortal Dao, Heavenly Lord Yuan Gu, Heavenly Lord Putuo, and Heavenly Lord Dou Sheng had returned, and were now presiding over the affairs of the upper echelons of the Immortal Dao. It seemed that at least Taiyi Mystic Sect was very dissatisfied with the three Heavenly Lords.

'It seems that the Immortal Dao is not a monolithic block. We can break them one by one and suppress them separately.'

Gu Chensha thought. Then, he had an idea, "Brother Mang Di, don't worry. After the imperial court enlists Baoyu Country, Taiyi Mystic Sect's business will remain unchanged. Their interests will also be taken care of. How about that?" "Is that true?"

Tai Mang Di was overjoyed. He knew that he had failed this time. He was afraid that he would be attacked wantonly when he returned to the sect. Even though he was the son of the sect master, he couldn't do whatever he wanted. For example, if Gu Chensha failed in enlisting Taiyi Mystic Sect, he couldn't gain a foothold in the imperial court. But now that his interests weren't affected, he didn't feel that much pressure anymore.

"Of course, I have some foundation in the imperial court. I can still make this decision."

Gu Chensha wanted to make friends with Tai Mang Di, so he immediately invited him, "If Brother Mang Di is interested, let's go back and discuss things carefully. Actually, there are countless jade mines in this sea area waiting to be developed. If you and I join hands, it might be a win-win situation."

"That's fine. I think you're a straightforward person. Let's have a talk. Besides, your martial arts are exquisite. I can learn from you."

Tai Mang Di could also see that Gu Chensha wanted to make friends. Of course, he wouldn't keep him at arm's length. The two returned to the Jade Frost Dew's mansion.