Chapter 340
===========

"There are too many Nether Iron Fortresses here and there are many experts. If we move around here, we will be attacked by them all."

Liu Yu and the other four said to Gu Chensha, "Let's go around to the back and intercept the experts." "That's right."

Gu Chensha immediately understood that there were probably some Demon Overlord experts here. It was already good that he wasn't discovered.

He sensed and realized that he could still use his mind to sense the Common People's Wish Ball. He instantly relaxed. The six of them quickly left the demon monster dense region. After flying for who knew how long, the depths of the Demon Region became desolate.

Not only was there black demonic energy everywhere, but there were also grasslands and swamps where demon herbs grew crazily. There were also many ancient skeletons and ancient ruins. One could see many ancient battle scars left behind by numerous celestial and demon wars.

Since ancient times, when the demons of the Demon Region fought with the Monster Race, it was the Monster Demon War. When they fought with gods, it was the God Demon War. When they fought with celestials, it was the Celestial Demon War. The demons born in the Demon Region were born to fight and kill.

"Prince, there is a group of demon soldiers there." Qian Zhen pointed ahead.

Gu Chensha noticed long ago that there was a group of Ox Demons advancing. There were roughly 3,000 to 5,000 of them and the one leading them was a Ox Demon General with seven changes in cultivation.

This Ox Demon General would sometimes fly and circle in front. Sometimes it would land and walk. It was obvious that its Xiantian Earth Energy wasn't enough to support flying for long.

The seven changes in Dao Realm required one to form an energy field around one's body, allowing one to fly. This was a crucial step. However, due to the limited Xiantian Earth Energy, one couldn't fly for long.

Gu Chensha's body suddenly charged out. Right above this group of demons, his Xiantian Earth Energy covered them. Instantly, they all turned into a ball of blood mist. He didn't refine them and instead used the Sun and Moon Sacrifice. The Emperor God Sealing Technique's sacrifice technique.

At the start, he had the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman and the target of his sacrifice was the Heaven Path. Now, without this talisman, he couldn't connect with the Heaven Path. However, he had something he could sacrifice. That was the Common People's Wish Ball.

The power and potential of this sphere actually surpassed that of a true god, so sacrificing it was not a big deal. The essence of sacrificial offerings was actually a channel for buying and selling.

The Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art's Sacrificial Art allowed one to quickly open a passageway, making it so that the process of the sacrificial offering wouldn't be affected at all.

Gu Chensha sacrificed himself to the Orb of People's Hope not to obtain anything, because he himself was a part of the Orb of People's Hope, and this treasure was forged by him.

He was using the sacrifice to open up some of the mysterious energy within the treasure, perfecting it, and at the same time, reducing the consumption of the ball.

For example, when he was in the Demon Domain, his perception of this treasure was not as clear and sensitive as when he was outside. If he went deeper into the Demon Domain, he might not be able to sense this treasure. Moreover, this treasure could cut open space and transmit its power down, which consumed a lot of energy. Gu Chensha had opened the sacrificial passageway to make up for and strengthen his perception.

"Altar!"

Gu Chensha's primordial spirit moved. A primordial spirit flew out and activated the power of the primordial spirit. Immediately, the surrounding nether iron ores and nether jade turned into an altar that was about an acre in radius.

When he was at Dao Realm Transformation Nine, he was able to shape mountains and turn them into palaces. Now that he was at Dao Realm Transformation 17, he was many times stronger than before. This was why he was able to create huge scenes in the Demon Domain.

This altar wasn't big but it was really exquisite. After the demonic energy was removed, it gave off a holy aura.

After these 3,000 to 5,000 minotaurs were killed, the Soul Blood Ball floated above the altar. Gu Chensha suddenly punched forwards. He used the Sun and Moon Sacrifice technique to open up a passageway.

In an instant, all the Soul Blood Balls disappeared. They passed through a specific passageway and entered the main area of the Common People's Wish ball.

At the same time, in his fief, Zhuge Ya's true body, Lou Baiyue, Old Four, Jin Suibo, the Vermilion Bird, and the Black Tortoise, the six great existences, sensed the fluctuations within the sphere of the Life's Wish. Suddenly, three to five thousand blood essences and souls appeared and were absorbed by the sun hanging at the top of the main body space.

In the inner world of the Life's Wish sphere, the eternal Great Sun was the location of the sphere's Origin Spirit.

This essence spirit was the spirituality of Dragon Gate, Buzhou Palace, Heaven Monster Book, the memory fragments of the three Celestial Venerables, Gou Chen's remnant soul intent, many ancient god beast souls, Aunt Hu's essence spirit, and even the power of the Death Immunity Talisman as well as the power of the essence spirits of the people from Calm Celestial Department. Many gigantic existences fused together to form the elemental spirit of the [People's Wish] sphere. The power of this essence spirit surpassed that of a true god.

It was precisely because of this that the Calm Celestial Department had the capital to contend with the Profound Immortal Dao Sects.

"Wonderful."

Zhuge Ya was the first to sigh. "Your Highness, you really have a marvelous idea. You used the art of sacrifice to create an altar in the Demon Realm and offer souls to the Common People's Wish ball. That way, the power of the ball can spread throughout the Demon Realm, replenish the ball's energy, and accelerate its evolution."

"That's what the gods like. All gods like to offer sacrifices, because it's the fastest way to improve. Even the Heavenly Daos like to offer sacrifices." Lou Baiyue pondered for a moment, then seemed to understand something.

Zhuge Ya tapped his finger slightly, and a picture appeared in front of him. It was the Demonic Zone where Gu Chensha was located, and the area within a radius of thousands of miles was vivid in his eyes. Furthermore, the Will of the Common People seemed to be able to break through time and space to transmit its power over, and that was because of the altar.

As long as there was an altar, it could strengthen the connection, and sending power through space would consume very little energy.

Gu Chensha's altar in the Demon Realm was the same as expanding the Common People's Wish ball's horizons.

However, after the altar was built, it had to be offered frequently. Otherwise, it would lose its power and gradually lose its effectiveness.

Back in the day, the barbarians had slaughtered their way into the borders and bathed several counties in blood. They had built altars and communicated with the gods in an attempt to open portals and send their armies over.

It was Gu Chensha who had destroyed the altar with a Sea-splitting Thunderbolt, then captured the Divine Emissary and turned him into Yi Ming. Because of that, Gu Chensha had a very deep understanding of the dao of sacrifice. Most of his cultivation had come from offering sacrifices to the Heavenly Daos.

"I can build an altar in the Demon Realm and use it as the center to expand the Calm Celestial Department's strength. There are so many devils in the Demon Realm, and they're so strong and rich in souls that they're perfect for the Common People's Wish ball. The Demon Realm is a treasure trove, "Gu Chensha calculated in his heart.

"Your Highness, in this altar, my cultivation speed can recover rapidly. Originally, our abilities would be somewhat restricted in the Demon Realm. "

Liu Yu and the others breathed on the altar. There was no devil qi surrounding them, and they could also feel some of the power transmitted by the Common People's Wish ball.

"The most crucial point of your cultivation now is to condense the 18 Transformations Great Dao Golden Core. This core is the combination of the Primordial Spirit and Innate Stellar Energy, and it requires a large amount of Spiritual Qi to replenish it. If you kill devils and refine them directly, there will likely be devil qi left behind, which will be detrimental to condensing the Golden Core." After killing devils and offering sacrifices here, the souls will be absorbed by the Common People's Wish ball, and the energy it gives back is equivalent to a supreme True God purifying the Essence Qi you need.

"Cultivating this way will not only allow you to travel a thousand miles in a day, but it will also be safer and risk-free." Gu Chensha then transmitted some thoughts to the five of them, telling them some of the methods of sacrifice.

Once they reached a certain level, they could even teleport people to the Demon Realm from their fiefdoms.

"Jin Suibo has already roped in nearly a thousand second and third rate immortal dao profound sects. After I establish my foundation here, I'll break through space and send their experts over to form an immortal dao army to fight against the devils. I'll have them sacrifice themselves and organize a war against the devils.

"Since ancient times, only the Demon Realm has invaded humans. We humans have never been able to invade the Demon Realm. Now that we have reached this era, we should change."

Gu Chensha's thoughts were very clear. Next, he wanted to build an army of immortal cultivators. In the process of fighting against the Demon Realm, he would strengthen himself, and at the same time, cultivate loyal death warriors.

Although he had nearly a thousand second and third rate immortal sects joining him and paying taxes, those sects were not truly loyal.

With the Common People's Wish ball completed, the Calming Immortal Department had a stable foundation. It was time to reorganize the Immortal Dao.

Immediately, Gu Chensha transmitted his thoughts to the Common People's Wish ball through the sacrificial altar and notified Jin Suibo.

In the past, he could only communicate through the Cycle Box. Now, he could communicate through the Common People's Wish ball.

He also understood that in the Celestial Designer Institute, there must be a similar treasure that was close to a god.

In his fiefdom, Jin Suibo, who had cultivated the Common People's Wish ball, immediately understood Gu Chensha's thoughts. He immediately nodded. "Your Highness wants to reorganize the Immortal Dao and train an immortal army. This is a good idea, but I feel that the immortal army is not as easy to command as puppets. Your Highness, it's best for you to collect demonic monster materials and create the Common People's Divine General puppet." "Puppets are puppets, and humans are humans."

Gu Chensha knew what Jin Suibo was thinking. "Right now, the immortal sects that have joined us are still in a state of disunity. They are at a stage where they can govern themselves. If we can draw out their expert disciples and train them to strengthen their cohesiveness, then their production and taxes will greatly increase." "This subordinate understands." Jin Suibo immediately understood.

This was like an official managing the common people. If the common people were scattered and farmed on their own, then the production of food would be very low. But if the official organized the common people to open up canals, divide the land, and mediate disputes, then the production of food would greatly increase. This was the power of order.