Chapter 158
===========

"Do you think that our development in the Wilderness has been too smooth recently?" Lou Baiyue said. "The barbarians have been retreating without any resistance. This doesn't make sense."

"That's true. Although father has suppressed the Evil God and intimidated the Wilderness, the barbarians shouldn't have shrunk to this extent. They don't even have a decent organization to fight back." Gu Chensha nodded.

"They are preparing to create a catastrophe." Lou Baiyue stepped on the skeleton under her feet. "The source of the catastrophe is here." "Then we can't stop it."

Gu Chensha knew his own abilities. He could collect two skeletons here and compete with Heng Budong, but it was impossible to stop such a huge catastrophe even if he was a hundred times stronger.

"I'm here to investigate. Maybe I can destroy something."

Lou Baiyue said, "Of course, we can train ourselves. We can't be protected by the emperor forever. One day, we will fly out and soar into the sky."

"Of course. If father hadn't suppressed it, Fa Wuxian would have dared to kill me last time. Heng Budong could also use his full strength and kill me."

Gu Chensha thought for a moment. "But I know nothing about the situation here. I hope you can explain it to me. What should we do now? Or should we stay here and continue to attract the skeletons to collect them? " "Let's not move now and collect the skeletons."

Lou Baiyue felt that Gu Chensha was very careful and organized. He was always able to grasp the key points. "If we collect the skeletons here and accumulate power, we will definitely meet many people. Actually, I'm not familiar with this place. The one who is most familiar with this place should be Heng Budong. I even suspect that the Heng family is working with the barbarians and the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons." "It can't be."

Gu Chensha shuddered. He couldn't believe it. "The Heng family has received the emperor's favor. No matter what, they are deeply involved with the royal family. Would they commit treason?"

"Gu Hengsha is Gu Hengsha. To the Heng family, Imperial Concubine Heng is an outsider. A married woman is like water that has been poured out."

Lou Baiyue sneered. "The family's interests are above everything else. It's the same even for the Legalists, let alone the Heng family. The Dharma Empress and Old Seven actually haven't gotten much of the Legalists' core inheritance."

"That's to be expected. For the Sage clans, the clan's interests are much more important than the interests of the world. Every dynasty and every generation has to respect the Sage clans."

Gu Chensha thought for a moment. "Of course, we can't give the core treasures to the princes. It's already good enough that the princes didn't send any benefits to the family. However, if the Heng Family really colluded with the Nest of 10,000 Dragons, they would probably be exterminated. Right now, Father is not someone that can be toyed with by a Sage family. "

"Of course they know this, but they didn't make any big moves. They just don't want to bet all their treasures on the Emperor."

Lou Baiyue said, "Actually, you know that the Emperor is playing with the Heavenly Axiom. Many people don't think the Emperor will win and are ready to make a move. The Heng Family is the same. They want to obtain great power from the Heavenly Axiom. Every time the Heavenly Axiom changes, a tribulation appears, and Sages and Gods are born."

"I've read a lot of history. When the world changes, it's when heroes rise." Gu Chensha was eager to try. "Maybe we can find a good opportunity."

"Right now, you've encountered a good opportunity. You have many treasures and fortuitous encounters. Who can guarantee that the Heavenly Axiom changed and fell on you?"

Lou Baiyue carefully looked at Gu Chensha for a while. "Of course, I don't have the right to criticize you. My fortuitous encounters are no less than yours. In fact, I have more than yours."

Gu Chensha was calculating. If Lou Baiyue's God Slaughtering Energy attacked him, the Dragon Transformation Pagoda might not be able to absorb it.

Heng Budong was at Dao Realm Transformation Seven, but he didn't dare to act recklessly against Lou Baiyue. One could see that Lou Baiyue really had many trump cards.

Gu Chensha didn't envy him. He was satisfied that he had broken through to Dao Realm Transformation Four, Gold Swallowing Stone.

After so many days of accumulation, he broke through today. He was still thinking about how his cultivation would rise once more. From Dao Realm Transformation Four to Five was just a matter of time. He just needed to inject spiritual energy into his acupoints. If he had enough spiritual energy, he would cultivate really quickly.

"Pay attention, more skeletons have appeared."

Lou Baiyue suddenly waved her hand. The 30 white skeletons and one silver skeleton were all kept into the bracelet.

Gu Chensha sensed that the space within the bracelet was huge. It was even bigger than the Sun and Moon Altar's space. But there was a flaw. The Sun and Moon Altar was formless, so if Gu Chensha hid in it, he would disappear. But if Lou Baiyue hid in that space, the bracelet would fall to the ground and others would obtain it. This was why Lou Baiyue couldn't learn from Gu Chensha and use space treasures to steal things. Kacha!

Sure enough, as Gu Chensha's Qi and blood boiled, a few more skeletons appeared in the distant fog. These skeletons were all silver in color, and they stepped on the bones. They were as light as swallows and moved like the wind. They were even more agile than apes and monkeys as they swooped down.

"These skeletons' true strength is probably comparable to Dao Realm Transformation Three and Four experts."

Gu Chensha didn't panic, "Who knows how many skeletons there are here? If they really head out to attack, then that would be really terrifying." "Good fellow, there are a total of five silver skeletons."

Lou Baiyue waved his hand again. The God Slaying Astral Qi was unleashed as though it didn't cost anything. It covered the sky and covered the earth. The sky was filled with black threads that interweaved with each other. In an instant, the skeletons that were ten thousand steps away were all bound and pulled over. This was even easier than catching fish.

After the five silver skeletons were pulled over, the God Slaying Energy entered them and controlled their bodies. They didn't move at all and were kept into the space within the bracelet.

"If this goes on, you will be rich."

Gu Chensha said, "You said that you would give me half of these skeletons, but how will I control them?"

"It is okay. Once I capture the thousands of skeletons, I will lay out a formation and refine them all. When the time comes, I will give you the talismans to control them.

It is difficult to recruit people to open up the land. With these 10,000 skeletons, my speed will be at least 100 times faster. The barbarian race soldiers won't be my match at all. "Lou Baiyue stared into the distance.

"Your God Slaying Energy can reach 10,000 steps. Normal Dao Realm Transformation Seven experts can at most reach a few thousand steps." Gu Chensha noticed many amazing things about it.

"The God Slaying Energy gathers and doesn't scatter. If I use all my strength, I can hit 100,000 steps away."

Lou Baiyue said, "If I use my strongest attack, I can destroy a small hill with my energy alone from a hundred thousand steps away." "Too strong."

Gu Chensha knew that Yi Ming didn't have such an ability. He stepped on the bones beneath his feet, "How thick do you think these bones are?"

"The skeletons are thousands of feet deep, and these mountains are all piled up by the skeletons. I wonder how big they are." Lou Baiyue said, "Otherwise, this place wouldn't be called a burial ground." "No wonder these skeletons can be born."

Gu Chensha activated his vital energy and spread it out. But this time, no skeletons came. It was as if there were no skeletons left.

"Should we head over?" Gu Chensha asked, "There are no more skeletons here." "Let me try."

Lou Baiyue placed his palms together and the God Slaying Energy changed once more. It wasn't a black light but a bright light.

This ball of light turned into a fist-sized crane. It charged through the mist and lit up the path ahead as it flew into the distance.

After flying for several kilometers, space suddenly distorted, and the red-crowned crane was sucked into it, disappearing without a trace.

Lou Baiyue scoffed, "We can't go any further. The space in front is twisting and we will definitely be swept in."

"You can actually turn Xiantian Earth Energy into a physical form. This is an extremely exquisite control. You have to at least reach the Dao Realm Ten Transformations to be able to control Xiantian Earth Energy to such an extent."

Gu Chensha knew very well how mysterious it was to transform the Innate Gang Qi into an Immortal Crane and fly out to explore the way. This wasn't something that could be done at Transformation 7. It was impossible for Transformation 8 or Transformation 9.

Lou Baiyue was able to control the Innate Vital Energy with his Seven Changes Realm, which was enough to make people speechless.

"If I reach the Ten Transformations of the Dao Realm, then I can casually transform into thousands of astral energy forms and cover the mountains and plains. That level is something that mortals can't imagine.

If I reach Eternal Motionless's realm, even 100 of him won't be my match. "Lou Baiyue's words were really domineering.

"Then, let's wait here." Gu Chensha was still activating his vital energy to try and attract more skeletons.

"I was able to come here many times, but Eternal Motionless definitely knows more routes." Lou Baiyue suddenly frowned, "Someone is coming. Let's hide." As she spoke, her body shone with a clear light. Who knew what technique she used to hide herself?

Gu Chensha retracted his vital energy but he didn't use the King Dragon Armor's invisibility ability. Instead, he hid in the Sun Moon Altar.

He knew that this place was really dangerous. Although the King Dragon Armor was strong, it could only protect him from the Xiantian Energy of Dao Realm Transformation 10 experts. If he faced stronger demons, he wouldn't be able to do anything. Just as he hid himself, a few people appeared behind him.

First, a ball of light landed on the ground, revealing a young man. His powerful aura pushed away the fog. This young man wore an ancient bronze ring on his head, and his long hair draped over his shoulders. There was a slit deep between his eyebrows, which looked like a vertical eye. Next was a person wearing a Barbarian Tribe religious robe.

Gu Chensha was familiar with this person. He was the Chaotic World Demon Ape Temple's Pope, Yuan Shasheng. There was also Eternal Motionless who had just left.

"As expected, Eternal Motionless is colluding with these experts."

Gu Chensha frowned. He couldn't find where Lou Baiyue was hiding. "I wonder who the young man with the bronze rings and the vertical eye between his brows is. I don't think he's a simple character. Yuan Shasheng is extremely powerful. I'm not his match." Yuan Shasheng alone could probably take care of Gu Chensha and the current Lou Baiyue.

Moreover, the young man with the vertical eye seemed to have a cultivation level higher than Eternal Motionless.

"Eternal Motionless, you said that the kid has my Dragon Transformation Pagoda and Lou Baiyue are here. Where are they now?"

Yuan Shasheng let out a sharp voice. It was like a saw cutting through metal. It gave one goosebumps.

"They are hiding," the young man with the vertical eye said. "I felt their aura just now."