Chapter 35
==========

The black-veiled bat's words were correct. The barbarian evil gods had decreed that anyone who killed Dayong's commoners and officials would receive a gift from the evil gods if they went to the temple to offer sacrifices. Such a vicious move would definitely cause many martial artists and even the rich and powerful families to secretly rebel. How many of the pugilistic world's experts were stuck at the grandmaster realm, unable to advance? It was hopeless for their entire lives. Now that there was a chance, who wouldn't want to take another step forward? So what if they betrayed the imperial court?

In the past, the evil gods were extremely stingy. Even if you offered sacrifices to them, you would rarely receive a gift. But now that they seemed to have sensed danger, they gave up a huge profit. Anyone who offered sacrifices would receive a gift. This not only greatly increased the barbarians' power, but it also caused the people of the Yongchō to panic, afraid that their neighbors would capture them and offer them sacrifices.

More importantly, the Yongchō's court had been ruling the country with rites and laws. Offering sacrifices to the gods was strictly forbidden. Even the righteous gods from the ancient times could only pretend to use candles and rituals. They couldn't kill or sacrifice their souls. This caused many of the righteous gods to cut off their ties with the world.

This was also the way the Yongchō governed the country, afraid that the divine power would affect the imperial power.

In the past dynasties, faith was more important than the imperial power. Many sects wouldn't listen to the orders of the imperial court. As long as the gods of the sects issued a decree, the believers would immediately kill the officials and rebel. However, the rulers of the past dynasties couldn't do anything to them. They could only appease them and give them privileges that commoners didn't have. This instead caused the imperial power and the divine power to go against each other.

In this dynasty, the Heavenly Talisman went on a killing spree, destroying hundreds of temples and sects that didn't respect the imperial power. Even the righteous gods and evil gods were all sealed. Although the imperial power was unified, surpassing the unity of the ancient Sons of Heaven, it was still spurned by the gods.

"Now that the common people are becoming more intelligent and are no longer bewitched by the gods, living in peace and contentment. I will not allow anyone, not even the gods, to destroy the peaceful lives of the people!"

Gu Chensha's heart was filled with righteousness. Now that he had obtained the Heavenly Talisman, he had to do something on behalf of the heavens. Kill!

The rebar spear in his hand stabbed forward. Faint sparks flickered. This was the heat produced by the friction between the steel and the air. It was clear how fierce his attack was.

The essence of the Sun and Moon Refinement and the Sun and Moon Transformation were all gathered in this spear.

The bat's cultivation base was extremely high. He was a Corrupt expert, and it was unknown how many Dao Transformations he had reached. If he allowed him to gain the advantage, it would be difficult for him to escape his fate of being sacrificed to the Corrupt God. At the same time, in order to obtain the Corrupt God's gift, he had slaughtered commoners and officials to be sacrificed to the Corrupt God. Such actions were intolerable to the heavens. If he didn't kill him, it was unknown how many innocent people would die to his hands in the future. If a Dao Realm expert wanted to kill someone, they could come and go without a trace.

The spear arrived in an instant. The tip of the spear was like a blossoming pear flower, and it was dotted with cold stars. It enveloped the bat from all directions, preventing him from retreating.

This move was a spear technique of The Great Spirit God's technique. It was called "Star Striking Form". The Great Spirit God held the divine spear in his hand and stood in the void, stabbing at the stars. He could shatter the stars in the sky.

"Presented to the royal family, the bloodline of The Great Spirit God."

When the bat saw how strong the spear was, vengeful energy surged out from his body. He didn't look like a human, "If I sacrifice you, the Corrupt God will be happy. At least I will be able to improve!" While speaking, he pointed forwards with his finger. His finger seemed slow, but it was actually as quick as lightning. Dang! His fingertip struck the spear tip.

The sky full of spear shadows retracted and Gu Chensha's spear was bent like a bow. At the same time, he retreated and his organs nearly flipped. The strength from the bat's fingertip far exceeded his expectations.

"Be careful, he is already at the second transformation of Dao Realm, nine bulls and two tigers." Lou Baiyue attacked. His body flashed and he attacked.

"Is the strength of the second transformation of the Dao Realm so strong?

I can't fight him at all! "Gu Chensha saw through his opponent's strength with just one move. The difference in realm couldn't be crossed.

He had fought with Long Yuyun, who was at the first transformation of the Dao Realm, many times. Even though she was stronger than him, she wasn't undefeatable. If he cultivated for another three to five years and gained more experience in life and death battles, it wouldn't be impossible for him to defeat Dao Realm experts. After all, he cultivated the number one technique in the world, the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Technique.

Dao Realm Second Transformation, Nine Bulls Two Tigers, meant that one had limitless strength and one's body broke through the limit. One would have the strength of nine bulls and two tigers added together, or even more.

Gu Chensha calculated that he had the strength of four bulls and was one of the top experts. If he used Heaven Dew for a long time, he would probably reach five bulls. But that was his true limit. If he wanted to increase his strength, he would have to break through to the Dao Realm.

His foundations were too weak and from birth to 14, he lived the life of a normal person. It wasn't so easy to make up for that in a short time. The moment he retreated, Lou Baiyue and Black Ghost Bat clashed.

Black Ghost Bat was the Black Fiend Sect Sect Leader and he was famous 10 years ago. The Black Fiend Sect under him was huge and after being wiped out by the Imperial Court, he joined the barbarian race. All of this was recorded in the documents. This person looked like he was less than 30 years old but he was actually 80 years old. He used evil techniques to maintain his youthful looks.

Moreover, after cultivating to the Dao Realm, spiritual energy would cleanse his body and he would age slower than normal people. His lifespan would also increase by 50-60 years.

Even if a Dao Realm Transformation One expert lived to 100 years old, he would look like a 40 year old person.

"The strength of nine bulls and two tigers is really strong."

Gu Chensha saw Black Ghost Bat attack. Even if it was just a light palm strike, the air within 10 steps would explode like cannons. When he spun, the air turned into a whirlpool that was many times stronger than his Mountain Moving, River Flipping, and Ocean Flipping.

This was the Acquired Earth Energy that was formed when one's strength and speed reached an unimaginable level.

Of course, the Dao Realm Transformation Qi into Earth Energy was Xiantian Earth Energy. It absorbed spiritual energy from heaven and earth and gathered it in one's acupoints. When one faced an enemy, it would release it. When it was strong, it could cut through iron like mud. When it was soft, it could lift one's body and glide in the air. It could also treat illnesses and turn energy into needles to open up one's meridians. Xiantian Earth Energy was many times stronger and more mysterious than Acquired Earth Energy. Acquired Earth Energy just used speed and strength to stir the air.

Gu Chensha's The Great Spirit God's Mountain Moving, River Flipping, and Ocean Flipping could only stir the air within three steps, creating a whirlpool and sonic booms. Black Ghost Bat's palm could spread to 10 steps, which was three times his. If not for Lou Baiyue, he would have been killed in two to three moves. Lou Baiyue struck out with three palms.

These three palms were soft and connected. They were like a lotus, like mist, like a dream, like an illusion, like lightning. They pulled out a white energy wave in the air and broke through the Black Ghost Bat's aura.

"It is actually the Pure Yin God Palm."

The Black Ghost Bat opened his palms and they became as big as fans. "Then, take a look at my Black Ghost Demon Palm."

Their palms clashed and footprints appeared on the deck of the Fire Shark Ship. They were actually on the same level.

Lou Baiyue was only at the first transformation of the Dao Realm and could fight against the Black Ghost Bat at the second transformation. Shua shua shua! The Black Ghost Bat jumped into the air and kicked out three times. Lou Baiyue's body was like a fog. His palms turned into fists and he blocked all three kicks.

"You can actually block my Ghost God Heart Piercing Kick!"

The Black Ghost Bat's voice was sharp, "What treasure did you use to be able to block the strength of nine bulls and two tigers?"

"If you improved further and reached the third transformation, you would have a 50-60% chance of killing me. Now, you are in too much of a rush."

Lou Baiyue sneered, "However, if you want to cultivate the third transformation, you'll probably need another twenty years of bitter cultivation. Even your second transformation will probably be something you've just cultivated. Every additional transformation in the Dao Realm is as difficult as ascending to the heavens. If it wasn't for the Evil God being forced by His Majesty to send down an oracle, ordering you to kill many people of my Great Yong Dynasty as sacrifices, you wouldn't be able to break through to the second transformation. Today, I will make you pay. " "Damn!"

Gu Chensha was good at sacrifices and after being reminded by Lou Baiyue, he knew that the Black Ghost Bat had broken through to the second transformation recently. He had killed many people to sacrifice to the Evil God to get it. His arm shook and the steel spear straightened out. It was really flexible. Star Strike, Space Break, Demon Slaying! The three moves of the Great Spirit God's spear were activated and then they merged into one. The three moves were even more powerful. This wasn't something that a Grandmaster could do. This was a forbidden technique that used the body as a price.

When Gu Chensha activated it, he felt intense pain all over his body. His meridians and bones were about to break and his chest felt tight.

But he was prepared. He took in a deep breath and activated the Sun and Moon Heart Refining Technique. The dozens of Sun and Moon Dragon Scales on his stomach disappeared, turning into heat that flowed through his body. All the pain and discomfort disappeared.

The three moves merged into one and the spear attack was twice as sharp as before. The spear shone brightly like a fire snake and the smell of burning steel spread through the area.

The Baleful Black Bat was engaged in a fierce battle with Lou Baiyue. He did not expect Gu Chensha to suddenly attack with such a ferocious attack. Honglong! The spear stabbed into his aura, breaking through the layers of energy and reaching his chest.

The Black Ghost Bat roared again and again. His left hand turned into a claw and his right hand like a hook, pushing and locking. In the blink of an eye, he released 13 layers of force. The spearhead was shattered in his hand.

But at this time, Lou Baiyue cut in. She seemed to be chanting a spell. Her palm trembled slightly and there were 18 layers of force. It fiercely pressed toward the Black Ghost Bat's heart.

The Black Ghost Bat jumped again and wrapped his arms in a hugging posture. His eyes were blood-red like a vampire bat. "Black Ghost World!"

His whole body turned pitch black. He had used some kind of strange martial art to dissolve seventeen layers of Lou Baiyue's force. However, he still couldn't dissolve the last layer of force and was hit by Lou Baiyue. Puff!

He spat out blood and roared again. He fell into the river but didn't sink. He ran on the waves and disappeared in the blink of an eye.

"Damn it!

He got away. "Gu Chensha ran to the bow but couldn't chase after him because he didn't have the ability to ride on the waves.