Chapter 894
===========

Geniuses remember in a second 'If you like it, go? Say → → 'to provide you with wonderful novels to read. Chapter 891: Adventures Again and Again

The Star Dragon Stele was not only the crystallization of the Star Dragon Clan's wisdom and civilization, but it also contained many transcendence techniques. In the early days, the Star Dragon Clan had chosen a representative to fight for the hegemony of the Divine Continent. They even built a huge dynasty and collected many sacrifices.

Some of the famous emperors in history were the reincarnations of the Star Dragon Clan or their pawns.

In the history of the Divine Continent, there were some dynasties that used the dragon flag of the Star Dragon Clan. Even the reason why the dynasties respected the Dragon Clan more or less was because of the Star Dragon Clan's influence.

The Stellar Dragon Stele contained a massive amount of divine energy. When this divine energy entered Long Xiangtian's world, it instantly expanded. Originally, Long Xiangtian's body was a minor chiliocosm, and the Stellar Dragon Stele was on the same level as the Desolate Dragon Dragon Sect, a major chiliocosm.

Therefore, in an instant, Long Xiangtian's Minor Chiliocosm turned into a medium-class world. Moreover, it was constantly expanding, showing signs of turning into a Major Chiliocosm.

In the past, the Dharma Saint had schemed for countless benefits and came up with countless schemes to turn the Legalism School's Minor Chiliocosm into a medium-class world. But now, Long Xiangtian was casually chased by someone and obtained a Major Chiliocosm level supreme treasure, turning his Minor Chiliocosm into a medium-class world. This was really infuriating.

Even Gu Chensha himself had spent a great deal of energy and mental strength to transform the Calming Immortal Department's Common People's Will sphere into a dimensional realm. It was far from being as convenient as Long Xiangtian.

Long Xiangtian's destiny was even stronger than the Heaven's Chosen. He had broken through some kind of limit and was a product of the collapse of the Heavenly Dao. This was the only way to explain his destiny.

Gu Chensha knew that even if he was the one chasing Long Xiangtian, the result would be the same. Long Xiangtian could still obtain countless fortuitous encounters and escape from his pursuit.

Of course, with his intelligence, Gu Chensha had already seen through many mysteries and understood the fundamental mysteries of fate energy. No matter how strong this dragon's fate energy was, he could use the Dao of Yin and Yang to weaken it.

For example, the King of Earth had chased after Long Xiangtian, allowing Long Xiangtian to obtain the Stellar Dragon Stele. Although Long Xiangtian's strength had increased, he had also consumed a lot of his Qi. Every fortuitous encounter would cause his Qi to decrease. No matter how strong Long Xiangtian's Qi was, there was a limit. The more fortuitous encounters he had, the more Qi he would consume. What was even more amazing was that Gu Chensha was secretly absorbing Long Xiangtian's fate energy.

The moment Long Xiangtian obtained the Stellar Dragon Tablet, Gu Chensha sensed all the knowledge and secrets of the Stellar Dragon Tribe.

All of a sudden, a new essay appeared in Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness. The Dragonless Mental Mantra seemed to contain boundless truths, and glittered with starlight. It was as if numerous dragons of stars were thinking, creating, and assuming various stances. This was the essay formed from all the knowledge of the Stellar Dragon Tribe. Gu Chensha had incorporated a race's civilization into his system to study it. RUMBLE!

In Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness, the Stellar Dragon Tribe's essay and the other essays interacted with each other. Clouds and water surged, wind and lightning shook, and it gradually shrank until it was the size of a chicken egg. It contained the entire universe, including the Impermanence of Life and Death.

"Good! My Dragonless Mental Mantra has improved again. "

Gu Chensha said, "Indeed, I've plundered Long Xiangtian's fate energy. However, this isn't the only thing Long Xiangtian has. In the future, his fate energy will be even greater. I'll let Long Xiangtian fight with the King of Earth and the Emperor Of Heaven. When two tigers fight, one will definitely be injured, and both will suffer. I will then be able to reap the benefits. "

"King of Earth, you won't be able to kill me. Instead, you will activate my fate energy and allow me to have many fortuitous encounters. Now that I have the Star Dragon Plaque, you won't be able to touch me." Long Xiangtian's cultivation rose from Dao Realm 33 to 34, Controlling Fate.

After reaching such a realm, Long Xiangtian felt like his mind was really clear. He could see that his own fate was like a pillar that held up the sky. He was the only one in the world.

"Hahaha …" Long Xiangtian circulated the power in his body and activated all his cultivation. His body, which was injured by the King of Earth's attack, instantly recovered. "Advance once more! Dao Realm 35 Transformation, Chaotic Dust! " Peng!

Many worlds were born in his body once more. They absorbed all sorts of weird powers in the world and arranged themselves. They were born and destroyed at will. The moment he used his palm technique, he was actually able to block the King of Earth's power.

"Flying Dragon Ten Thousand Transformations!"

Long Xiangtian's palm transformed into billions of palms. Each palm could grab Heaven and Earth and grab all things. He was actually trying to counter attack the King of Earth.

"Not bad, Star Dragon Plaque, you have many fortuitous encounters."

The Sovereign of Earth didn't seem to be shocked at all. "I have already calculated this. Of course, you won't be easily captured by me. However, it is precisely because of this that I have to do it myself. You are too valuable. If I can refine you and take away your fate energy, my cultivation will break through the destiny." Piak!

Behind the Earthly Sovereign appeared layers upon layers of palaces, dark prisons, and endless abysses. In the depths of those abysses, innumerable ghosts and gods were howling and screaming miserably, which contained the deepest pain in the world, as well as all the ugliness, sin, lust, and chaos in the world.

Palaces, abyss, rivers, bridges, Yellow Springs, ferry, reincarnation, oblivion … Everything formed the Underworld. This was a huge magic treasure, and it was also the most powerful layout in the world. This was the Underworld.

The Heaven Court and the Underworld were the future of the two worlds. The Heaven Court was high above and controlled all space and time. The Underworld was hidden in the dark and accepted the punishment from the Heaven Court to the races and demons. It controlled reincarnation.

The Heaven Court represented the absolute light while the Underworld represented the land of judgment. Although the Underworld was controlled by the Heaven Court, it was a system of its own. The Heaven Court and the Underworld were established to become an eternal layout in the future.

The Heaven Court hadn't appeared yet because the Divine Continent and the Four Wilds were suppressed by Gu Chensha. But the Underworld had appeared. Right now, the King of Earth was using the entire power of the Underworld.

The moment the power of the Underworld was released, heaven and earth seemed to be filled with a sinful atmosphere.

"Long Xiangtian, you are guilty!" Whoosh! Whoosh!

As soon as the Earthly Sovereign said these words, a huge black iron chain appeared in the void and appeared beside Long Xiangtian, sealing all of Long Xiangtian's Yuan Qi. These black iron chains even seeped into Long Xiangtian's world, sealing his world energy. Long Xiangtian couldn't use his own energy, he was completely suppressed and bound.

"Damn it!"

Long Xiangtian roared. Unfortunately, all of his energy was suppressed and sealed. He couldn't even use the power of the Stellar Dragon Stele.

"The power of the Stellar Dragon Stele is indeed tyrannical. It can almost be compared to the Dragon Sect of the Untainted Universe. But how can it compare to the Underworld?

The power of the Heavenly Court and the Underworld represents the future. In the future, the Underworld will judge sins and punish those who break the order. Long Xiangtian, you've already broken the order of the Heavens and Earth. The Underworld must suppress you. I'd like to see what kind of destiny you have to go against the Underworld. "

As the King of Earth spoke, he walked over step by step. An ancient well appeared in the center of the Underworld behind him. The water of the Yellow Springs surged and changed, trying to suck Long Xiangtian into it.

As the King of Earth spoke, he was filled with anticipation. He knew that if he could suppress and refine Long Xiangtian, the benefits he would gain would be great.

"The Earth Sovereign is indeed powerful. With the appearance of the Underworld, I have one more opponent. However, no matter how powerful the Earth Sovereign is, he is still lacking compared to the Heaven Sovereign. However, the power of the Underworld far surpasses that of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, the Desolate Dragon Gate and the Desolate Tree. Even if the three great treasures join forces, they are still not a match for the Underworld.

I want to see how Long Xiangtian is going to break out of this. "Gu Chensha was looking forward to it.

Even with his current wisdom, he couldn't guess what would happen between Long Xiangtian and the King of Earth. However, he believed that Long Xiangtian wouldn't be suppressed by the King of Earth so easily. Sure enough, at the most dangerous moment, Long Xiangtian changed again.

His spirit was communicating with the countless worlds, the chaos, and all living things. He was doing his best to struggle.

He knew that if he was sucked into the Underworld, all of his efforts would be in vain. He would become the King of Earth's food.

"King of Earth, don't think that you have already won. Fate, scatter! Exchange! "

In the blink of an eye, Dragon Xiangtian unleashed his own destiny, causing countless streams of destiny to swirl around him, forming a bright light above his head. That light then exploded out into the chaotic flows of space-time, into the depths of the Heaven World, into the boundless worlds, into the countless planes, and into the various kingdoms that had existed since ancient times. Buzz … As if the King of Earth's fate had sensed it, a few more rays of light pierced through the sky. Zi zi zi …

One of the rays of light was extremely dazzling. It was as if it could take away all the light in the world. This light was indescribable and could not be seen. Anyone who saw this light would be completely melted in it.

"This is … the Light of Destiny."

The King of Earth was shocked. "This light is the light that the Heavenly Dao tore apart when it encountered a tribulation. It carries the glory of the Heavenly Dao. Legend has it that only the Emperor Of Heaven has it!

The Emperor Of Heaven's responsibility is to collect the Light of Destiny from the world and return it to the Heavenly Dao.

The Heavenly Dao has experienced many tribulations, causing the Light of Destiny to scatter in the hidden space-time. You can actually trigger it? How is that possible? "