Chapter 60
==========

Especially if it was trained by an expert who knew how to raise it and fed it with elixirs and medicines every day, the bird could be reborn, learn to cultivate, and turn into a demon. It would be more powerful than human martial arts experts.

In this Endless Mainland, other than the Nefarious Demons, there were also the Demon race that ran rampant. That was because other than the settlements of the Human race, most of the places were just barren mountains. In the vast mountains, there were countless animals that had cultivated themselves into spirits before turning into demons.

Compared to human cultivation, it was hard to get started. However, once one got started, their cultivation would improve quickly.

That was because demons were born with low intelligence, which was why it was hard to get started. However, demons were pure and didn't have as many desires and thoughts as humans. They hadn't experienced love and hate, so they only knew how to cultivate. Naturally, they were much faster than humans.

However, it was impossible for animals to comprehend cultivation on their own. If they wanted to become demons, they had to be enlightened by human cultivators or find ancient ruins.

History books recorded that many cultivators would find strong beasts and nurture them. Then, they would enlighten them and cultivate, turning them into powerful helpers.

The roc in front of them was obviously a demon. It was really strong and could take in and spit out spiritual energy.

For animals to become demons meant that they knew how to cultivate. If they stepped into the Dao Realm and could take in and spit out spiritual energy, they would become demons. When demons cultivated to a certain level, they could become dragons! Dragons weren't a race but a realm.

Becoming a demon, a flood dragon, a hornless dragon, a great dragon, a king dragon, a god dragon, and a true dragon.

"Aunty, you actually came personally?"

Chen Jianfeng looked at the girl on the roc and was delighted, "I am really unlucky this time. Aunty, help me get the Magic Breaking Celestial Sword back."

The girl jumped down and stood steadily. The bird stood on the cliff and looked down on the mountains. It looked like a flood dragon.

The girl took out a pill to feed the bird. She turned around and saw that she was dressed in a green silk robe. Her face was like a painting and she didn't look like a mortal. She gave off the aura of a celestial being.

"Tell me about it."

The girl spoke. Her voice was ethereal like it came from the nine heavens. "You have the Magic Breaking Celestial Sword and are invincible at the second transformation. Even those at the third transformation can't hurt you. If you face danger, you can grab the sword and fly away. How did someone take it away?"

"I don't know. Did that Gu Chensha use some technique to take it and suppress it?" Chen Jianfeng explained everything in detail.

"Nonsense. Even if someone at the sixth transformation refined energy into energy and evolved Xiantian Energy, he wouldn't be able to suppress it."

The woman was slightly angry. "The Spell Breaker Celestial Sword is no small matter. That day, I gave it to you because you were illuminated by the divine light and broke through to the Dao Realm. I wanted you to contact the tycoons in Xian Province and plan to restore our country. Now that you haven't accomplished anything, you actually lost this celestial sword.

The Grand Tutor is about to come out and when he does, he will take back the Magic Breaking Celestial Sword. At that time, the six swords will merge into one and use the power of The Great Spirit God to form the One Heart Path Formation. At that time, there will be hope for the country. "

"But I heard Gu Chensha say that Tianfu has reached the Incarnation Realm. If that is the case, do we still have hope? Even The Great Spirit God doesn't have such a realm. "Chen Jianfeng's tone was a little dejected.

"Shut up."

The woman shouted, "The Heavenly Talisman is the enemy of all the gods and devils in the sky. No matter how high his realm is, he will still fall. If you lose your confidence like this, there's already a possibility that your cultivation will regress. It's a waste of the divine light that day. Do you know how much effort the Grand Preceptor has put into obtaining that divine light?"

"Auntie, but that Gu Chensha …" Chen Jianfeng thought about it, "The most important thing is for you to get the sword back, otherwise, it will be hard for me to explain to the Crown Prince." "Of course. I'm telling the truth. I also want to meet my sister's son."

The girl walked lightly, "Rumor has it that he is an idiot. In less than a year, he suddenly rose and killed the four old demons. Who knows what kind of fortuitous encounter he had? Or has he been hiding his strength, or is there a peerless expert behind him?

Or is it really as the rumor says, that he activated the bloodline of The Great Spirit God and received the blessing of The Great Spirit God? But The Great Spirit God lost his connection more than ten years ago. "

"He is currently in a town hundreds of miles away. Auntie can go there and capture him. I want to capture him and hand him over to the Crown Prince so that he can use his blood to activate the bloodline of The Great Spirit God. That way, there will be a chance for the entire royal family to activate their bloodline." Chen Jianfeng explained his thoughts, indicating that he had contributed to the royal family.

"Idiot!" the girl scolded. "You're so overbearing. Aren't you making enemies?

We should entice him with benefits and draw him to our side. If I had known, I wouldn't have sent an idiot like you. I know what you're thinking. You want to reap the benefits for yourself first. " "Then what do we do now?" Chen Jianfeng didn't dare to argue.

"He's already hostile towards us. It's impossible for us to express our goodwill.

Also, he won't spit out the Law Destroying Immortal Sword. Since that's the case, we can only use the Faithless Heart-Seizing Talisman. "The girl frowned.

"What?

The Faithless Heart-Seizing Talisman. This talisman was left behind from ancient times. Even our royal family only has one. Unless we cultivate to the eighth transformation, the True Samadhi Fire, we'll be able to dispel the talisman's power. Otherwise, we'll be controlled by the talisman user. We'll be loyal and never be able to betray him again. "

Chen Jianfeng was greatly shaken. "Isn't it too wasteful to use the only talisman to control the Ancient Dust Sand? This time, we are here to control Prince Gu. If we succeed, we can infiltrate the Great Wei Dynasty and obtain endless resources. Right now, only the Great Wei Dynasty can stand against Great Yong. " "Do you think I don't want to control Prince Gu?

This person is strong and has reached the fifth transformation of Dao Realm. His 100 orifices are at the Spirit Gathering Realm and he can break through to Energy Refining at any moment. How difficult is it to place the talisman on him and control his body?

Moreover, Gu Chensha isn't worthless. At least we can see the secrets of The Great Spirit God from him. "The girl looked around and observed the terrain.

"But if Gu Chensha listens to us, what if that dog Emperor finds out about the talisman? Actually, it won't be of much value."

Chen Jianfeng rubbed his hands. "I still want to take revenge on him. If he becomes one of us, then don't I have to help him?" "Think of the big picture. You're actually thinking about personal grievances.

Alright, cut the crap. I'm going to set up the Heartless Seizing Talisman here to resonate with heaven and earth. Only by stimulating its vitality can I succeed in one go. You brought Gu Chensha here. If you can't even do this, then you're truly useless. "

The woman waved her hand. "This Faithless Mind-Capturing Talisman is too old, and a lot of its power has been lost. Instilling ordinary spiritual energy into it won't have much effect, and instead, it will destroy its structure. If I could drip heavenly dew into it, why would I need to go through all this trouble? I just need to drip blood on it and hit Gu Chensha. Prince Gu won't be able to escape my control. "

"Yes, yes, yes …" Seeing that the girl was furious and lost her patience, Chen Jianfeng left right away.

"How useless." The girl shook her head and took out a jade talisman.

The jade talisman was azure in color and gave off a weak glow. There were ancient bird runes on it and a desolate aura spread out. One didn't need to look at it to know that it was an ancient item.

She placed the jade talisman on a rock on the cliff and used bird language to let the Golden-Winged Roc fly far away. She gathered many giant trees from the forest and built something like an altar here.

She, on the other hand, was observing the terrain around her. She took out a long sword and shaved off the surrounding rocks. Then, she took out huge rocks and carved patterns and talismans on them. She arranged them according to the strict Fengshui formation in an attempt to trigger some kind of mysterious power here.

As her formation was gradually perfected, the jade talisman seemed to be absorbing something and became brighter.

At this moment, someone suddenly dashed out from the forest in the distance. He was as fast as lightning and was covered in light blue armor. He dashed to the rock in the center and grabbed the jade talisman. With a shake, the jade talisman disappeared. Then he dashed into the distance without looking back.

"Damn it!" The girl had never thought that something like this would happen. She exerted all her strength and moved like a stream of light. Whoosh!

She created a series of afterimages as she ran and reached the person who stole the talisman in almost ten breaths. Without looking, she pushed out three palms. The Great Spirit God's palms moved mountains, overturned rivers, and overturned seas. Whoosh!

A violent whirlwind suddenly rose up, and tornadoes appeared all around. Wind pillars collided with each other, creating creaking sounds. Within twenty steps, the airflow was pulling on each other, creating a series of explosive sounds. Rocks and stones were all swept up into the air, creating sparks when they collided with each other.

This was not the power a human could unleash. It was like a demon in a novel that sent sand and stones flying. Bam, bam, bam!

Gu Chensha also used the three moves of The Great Spirit God's palms. As soon as they came into contact, he felt that the opponent's power could topple mountains and overturn seas. He could not take it head-on at all. He forced himself to use the Sun and Moon Transformation technique, but there was still a lot of power that he could not negate. His whole body was sent flying and slammed into the rock. If not for the protection of the Hornless Dragon Armor, this attack alone would have broken all the meridians in his body and broken bones everywhere.

It was he who had secretly followed Chen Jianfeng and saw him discussing with the girl. Thus, he took the opportunity to steal the Faithless Mind Capturing Talisman.

This talisman was used to control him, so he definitely couldn't allow such a dangerous thing to be activated. If his mind was controlled, it would be really dangerous.

With his cultivation, he shouldn't have been able to steal the talisman. But because of the Sun and Moon Altar space, he could hide at any time and even people at Dao Realm Transformation Five or Six wouldn't be able to notice him.

"This girl's martial arts are so high. Even with the Hornless Dragon Armor, I am no match for her."

Gu Chensha climbed up. The rock behind him had been smashed and his body was perfectly fine. Even if it was a hidden attack, the Hornless Dragon Armor could block it.

Her strength seeped in layer by layer, but when the Hornless Dragon Armor faced the hidden attack, a large portion of it was dissipated. This was not something that iron armor could compare to.

Iron armor couldn't take a single hit from an expert. Hidden attacks could cause the surface to be unscathed while the person inside was badly mutilated.

This girl's martial arts were even more terrifying than the barbarian race nine-star general's. This meant that she was at Dao Realm Transformation Four, able to swallow gold and turn into stone.

The barbarian race nine-star general was at Dao Realm Transformation Three and had copper skin and iron bones. Even without the Hornless Dragon Armor, Gu Chensha was able to fight. But even with the Hornless Dragon Armor, he still couldn't beat her.