Chapter 1021
============

The Parent of All Things

"Let's not take part in this. It's clearly the ancestors of the Righteous Alliance trying to force the imperial court to abdicate. Perhaps the Evil Alliance and the Righteous Alliance have already agreed on this. They seem to be at loggerheads on the surface, but it's all an act. Let's see how Gu Chensha deals with this." Ancestor East was an old man.

This group was divided into Ancestor East, Ancestor West, Ancestor South, Ancestor North, and Ancestor Middle.

The five ancestors gathered together and created a small universe. Of course, it was far from the Justice League and the Evil Alliance's universe. Their power was very small, so they didn't have the right to speak in the imperial court.

"On the surface, Gu Chensha has unified the human world. Of course, there are people who oppose him, but they can't do anything."

Ancestor East had a pondering look on his face. "It's just that the imperial court is too chaotic. It's like a messy market. Everyone has ulterior motives. Even the most chaotic dynasty in the mortal world would be better than this one. But Gu Chensha doesn't seem to care. What is he thinking? "

"Maybe he thinks he has absolute control, so he's not afraid. Look, he turned the two ancestors into dogs and the others into mounts. Even the Nihility Ancestor and the Emperor Of Heaven were forced to submit to him."

Ancestor Nan said, "But there's something else. Look, the thirty-six ancestors of the Righteous Alliance and the thirty-six ancestors of the Evil Alliance make a total of seventy-two ancestors. Aside from that, there are clearly other organizations that have banded together. There are two to three hundred ancestors. I refuse to believe that he can suppress all of them by himself. Not even the Heavenly Dao Realm. " "We have to be careful," Ancestor North said. "Once there's chaos, we'll leave. Otherwise, we'll be caught in the crossfire. "

"No, let's join forces and seize this opportunity. If chaos truly erupts, we can fish in troubled waters and take advantage of the situation. We can kill a few ancestors and integrate them into our cosmos, allowing our cosmos to expand once more. Who knows, we might even be able to produce heavenly dao energy. Also, we can bitterly cultivate the Dragonless Heart Art and comprehend the secret arts, using our own spirit force to create a new cosmos."

The Middle Patriarch was the youngest, and he looked like a teenager. However, he was the strongest, and the Four Patriarchs of the East, West, South, and North all obeyed his orders.

"Okay, in that case, let's just wait and see." Not only was this small group discussing, but the other groups were also watching the show.

There were a total of three to five thousand Ancestor realm experts gathered in the court. Now that the Righteous Alliance and the Evil Alliance were at loggerheads, many smaller groups were eager to join in. Many Ancestor realm experts believed that Gu Chensha would not be able to control the situation if so many Ancestor realm experts fell into disarray.

"Damn, does this Gu Chensha really think he's invincible?

I want to see how he's going to deal with this. I heard that he has many treasures and even has Heavenly Dao power. If there's chaos, I'll do something big. "Some of the ancestors had such thoughts in their hearts.

Gu Chensha was high and mighty. With a single glance, he could see that the entire court was in chaos. It was as though a fight could break out at any moment.

As for the Emperor Of Heaven, The Fourth, and Zhang Ziran, they didn't seem to care. They were just watching the show. Most probably, the three of them were secretly adding fuel to the fire.

"Enough." Gu Chensha's voice grew louder. RUMBLE!

All of a sudden, space-time reversed, and all of the Ancestral Patriarchs in the court, no matter how high their cultivation bases were, felt isolated. They were in a powerful, independent universe, not in the same space-time as anyone else. No matter how they changed, they couldn't get close to anyone. Furthermore, all of the ancestors were in different timelines.

Now, they couldn't do anything. In fact, they couldn't even flee. They were trapped in an independent universe. As Gu Chensha spoke, he created three to five thousand universes.

"What's going on? Why is it like this? Why am I trapped in this universe?" Some of the ancestors were terrified, but there was nothing they could do. Many of the ancestors realized that this was Gu Chensha's doing.

"I've vastly underestimated Gu Chensha's power." The faces of the five ancestors were pale.

"What a ruckus. What a scandal."

Gu Chensha said, looking down at the silent Ancestor experts. "You people from the Justice League and the League of Evil keep fighting each other. You're up to no good. I've called a meeting in the court, and you're spouting nonsense. You're clearly looking down on me. Ancestor of Personal Loyalty, you're the first to start a fight, and that's an unforgivable crime. Evil Ancestor, Ancestor of Evil, you two are trying to throw the court into chaos. You're trying to force me to abdicate, aren't you?" "That's not what I meant, Your Majesty!"

Ancestor of Personal Loyalty shouted. He drew on his cultivation base to try to free himself, but to no avail. "Confucianism Ancestor, Ancestor of Justice, hurry up! And Ancestor of Evil, Evil Ancestor, what are you waiting for? Are you really going to wait for Gu Chensha to catch us all in one fell swoop?" "You really do have the ambition of a wolf."

Gu Chensha waved his hand, and a beam of light appeared above Ancestor of Personal Loyalty's head. In an instant, countless powers gathered above Ancestor of Personal Loyalty's head, and the halo stripped him of his cultivation base and everything. Ancestor of Personal Loyalty became an ordinary person.

"Little Godson," Gu Chensha ordered. Little Godson appeared, and he accepted the halo.

Suddenly, Little Godson became Ancestor of Personal Loyalty, and Ancestor of Personal Loyalty became an ordinary person.

"Ancestor of Evil, Evil Ancestor, you formed the League of Evil, but you didn't do anything good. You even plotted to overthrow me. You've committed a heinous crime."

Gu Chensha attacked again, and amid screams, Ancestor of Evil and Evil Ancestor became a wolf and a wolf respectively.

Then, the two combined, and became one. It was two heads, and a body that looked like a wolf and a wolf. Ancestor of Personal Loyalty attacked again.

"Two Evil Ancestors, you colluded with each other and stirred up chaos in the court. I will turn you into a wolf, and you will become the mounts of Ancestor of Personal Loyalty. You will never be free."

Gu Chensha's voice was filled with murderous intent. "Let me tell you. I don't care if you have other thoughts in the future, but if you cross the line, I won't be polite." As he spoke, everyone released their shackles.

Now, the people from the Justice League and the League of Evil didn't know what to say. Confucianism Ancestor was furious, but he couldn't do anything. The Justice League had lost Ancestor of Personal Loyalty, and the League of Evil had lost Ancestor of Evil and Evil Ancestor. It seemed like the League of Evil had suffered more losses, but Confucianism Ancestor wasn't happy at all. He wanted to kill Gu Chensha, but he didn't dare. Gu Chensha had just casually created many universes and imprisoned them in space. They couldn't use any power, and they could only be trampled on.

This situation was like there was no way out. There was no way out, and no way out. Heaven and Earth didn't respond.

"His Majesty is just and has grasped the absolute truth. We should all learn from His Majesty. "Spell Ancestor stood up and began to sing.

"Spell Ancestor, you can leave as well." Gu Chensha waved his hand.

"Yes." Spell Ancestor was embarrassed, so he quickly left and didn't say anything else.

"Everyone, I was just giving you a small punishment. You should focus on comprehending the Dragonless Mantra, and at the same time, lead your subordinates to comprehend it. Whoever can make more people comprehend the Dragonless Mantra will have higher achievements."

Gu Chensha said, "In the future, those who cultivate the Dragonless Mantra will definitely reach the Way of Heaven realm. And next, the first person to reach the Way of Heaven realm will be born."

Then, he waved his hands, and a mirror appeared above the court. This mirror showed the image of Zhao Jiangshan from the Righteous and Evil universes. Zhao Jiangshan's power had reached the Ancestor realm.

He hid in the most crucial and secret node of the Righteous and Evil universes. It was also the most mysterious node of the Righteous and Evil universes. Then, he began to activate the Dragonless Mantra.

As expected, as he activated the Dragonless Mantra, great spirit power surged out and spread through this node, nourishing the entire universe. In an instant, the source of the Righteous and Evil universes started to explode, and the entire universe started to strengthen. Then, the countless universe's Way of Heaven power started to boil. These boiling powers searched for the source, and they started to gather on Zhao Jiangshan's body. The power on Zhao Jiangshan's body gradually turned into Way of Heaven power.

"Hahahaha …" Zhao Jiangshan continued to pour in his spirit power, and a cheerful voice came out from his will. "As expected, as expected. I used the Dragonless Mantra to activate the universe, giving it more things. The expansion of the universe also caused my output to be even greater. The power of the spirit is limitless, it's just that we have no way to vent it.

Gu Chensha, ah, Gu Chensha, you're really an amazing person. You discovered this phenomenon and created the Dragonless Mantra. But you're just a developer. Although you can occupy a great position, people will definitely surpass you. If no one surpasses you, how can the entire universe develop? That's going against the laws, and also against your Dragonless Mantra. I'll be the first person to surpass you. " Rumble! The Way of Heaven power surged even more.

The Righteous and Evil universes suddenly expanded again. The Way of Heaven power and Zhao Jiangshan's spirit power combined, causing Zhao Jiangshan to instantly transform into the Way of Heaven realm.