Chapter 140
===========

"Combining the Great Slaughtering Divine Technique and the Great Devouring Divine Technique, you can defeat any peerless geniuses, Innate Saints, and even Children of Destiny."

Lou Baiyue sighed. "Unfortunately, the Emperor said that only I can cultivate this technique, and no one else is suitable. Or rather, I'm a test subject, and I don't know if I'll succeed or fail. If I succeed, then everyone in the world can cultivate it. If I fail, then I'll die. " "You're so brave."

When Gu Chensha heard this, it was as if he had just met Lou Baiyue for the first time. "I'd like to find a chance to spar with you and see how exquisite this technique is." He had created the Clumsy Fist, and now he needed all kinds of battles to enrich himself.

"This technique is very powerful, and it can kill if I use it. Even I can't control it. Let's talk about it when I can control it." Lou Baiyue shook her head.

"Then forget it." Gu Chensha could see that the Great Slaughtering Divine Technique was invincible, and it was not easy to resist.

"Thank you for giving me the Seven Sage Cultivation Pill. Together with the Tiger-Wolf Pill, I owe you two favors."

Lou Baiyue smiled faintly. "Last time you gave me the Tiger-Wolf Pill, but I didn't return the favor. Do you think I'm greedy?" "You're thinking too much."

Gu Chensha laughed. "The Tiger-Wolf Pill is not a rare item to me, so I gave it to you. If you need it, I can provide you with a large batch." "What kind of fortuitous encounter did you have?"

Lou Baiyue was a little surprised, but she didn't ask further. "In that case, I really need a large number of Tiger-Wolf Pills, but I won't take them for free. These are two dragon scales. You can fuse them with your sword and armor to improve the abilities of your armor and sword."

As she spoke, Lou Baiyue gently rubbed a jade bracelet on her wrist, and two palm-sized scales appeared on her hand.

These scales were heavy, and there were many natural runes carved on them. A boundless power similar to that of the Black Tortoise filled the whole room. Gu Chensha's body couldn't help but lean back, and he felt his soul being oppressed by an ancient divine beast.

"Dragon scale, what level of dragon? It has such power. "Gu Chensha was shocked." Your bracelet is a grotto-heaven level treasure? "

"These are the scales of the Ancient King Dragon. I got them from the Ancient King Zixu's Tomb. I got them from the Ancient King Zixu's tomb. I got them from Zixu's tomb.

Lou Baiyue rubbed the jade bracelet again. "This bracelet is indeed a grotto-heaven level magic treasure. I obtained it from Ancient Void's tomb. Grotto-Heaven level magic treasures are extremely rare. Even in the ancient mystical sects, there are very few of them. However, the Giant Spirit God Ring your mother left you is also a grotto-heaven level magic treasure. It contains space. Unfortunately, it has fallen into the hands of the eldest son, Gu Danjian."

Zi Zixu's King Saint God King Zixu's tomb Zixu 'God Zixu's Grotto-Heaven level of Zixu' King Zixu's King

Gu Chensha knew the wonders of a grotto-heaven level artifact. He had relied on the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar to avoid being discovered when he was in danger.

Gu Chensha knew how amazing Grotto-Heaven level treasures were. He relied on the Sun Moon Altar to avoid being discovered.

This ring was meant for you to stand out among the other princes. "Lou Baiyue handed over the dragon scale.

Gu Chensha took the dragon scale and caressed the runes on it. He felt waves of Dragon Qi seeping into his body through his pores, putting great pressure on his mind.

Gu Chensha took it and touched the runes on it. He felt like dragon energy seeped into his body through his pores and placed huge pressure on his mind.

"The Horned Dragon Armor actually turned you into the King Dragon Armor. I really don't know how you refined it."

Lou Baiyue was really envious. "My Ice Horned Dragon Armor has been refined many times, but it is only at the level of the Great Dragon Armor. It can fly, but it doesn't have as many transformations as the King Dragon Armor. With this armor, normal Dao Realm Transformation 8 or 9 experts can't do anything to you."

"Baiyue, did you notice that the King Dragon Armor has changed? It can actually absorb and spit out spiritual energy." Gu Huasha said, "It has already formed its soul. How can normal King Dragon Armors compare to it?"

"I noticed it long ago. His sword is the same." Lou Baiyue nodded her head. "But that is your secret, so I won't ask." "I obtained some miraculous encounters from the Chaotic World Demon Ape God Temple."

Gu Chensha said, "But it is really dangerous and I can't hide it for long. The experts from the Chaotic World Demon Ape God Temple will attack at any moment. I hope that all of you can help me." "That is not a problem."

Gu Huasha also got his own land. "If the three of us work together, our strength will increase greatly." "Then, it is a deal."

Gu Chensha calmed down. With the help of Lou Baiyue and The Fourth, as well as the Sky Dance Mysterious Sect, that would be enough. The three of them discussed the details of the cooperation and only left at night. Gu Chensha urged the King Dragon Armor to fly back to his own land.

The King Dragon Armor could now absorb spiritual energy and slowly evolve. It was as if it had cultivated into a monster. Its flying speed also increased rapidly. In almost an hour, it reached the sky above the land. It slowly descended and returned to his study.

When he was in the sky above the land, he felt a faintly discernible fluctuation around his body. He felt happy when he felt his own aura.

"Not bad. The formation in this castle is very effective."

Gu Chensha knew that the fluctuation came from the formation that enveloped the entire castle. If it felt a strange aura, it would immediately identify and attack. He was the owner of the castle and had used his blood to refine the golden talisman.

The Chaotic World Demon Ape God Temple also had a similar formation. Back then, he had obtained the token of the Shadow Priest. Otherwise, he would have been discovered.

Landing in his bedroom, Gu Chensha saw that the Black Tortoise egg was still absorbing immortal energy. It seeped into the ground. The depths of the ground nurtured endless vitality.

He took a deep breath. When the air entered his body and combined with his blood, there was a warm current circulating around his meridians. It strengthened his physique, strengthened his meridians, and even rose to the brain. It combined with the spirit, allowing one's soul and body to greatly evolve.

"This is the magical effect of the combination of immortal energy and earth veins?"

Gu Chensha was slightly happy. "Not to mention the cultivation of the people living in this castle, even their armors and weapons will evolve."

He had 6,300 sets of Horned Dragon Armor. It was not easy to maintain them daily. They had to be maintained in the spirit gathering formation.

Now, there was no need at all. He could just leave them in the warehouse. The Horned Dragon Armor would absorb immortal energy and earth veins for a long time. It might evolve into the Horned Dragon Armor in a few years. As for the White Tiger Adamantine Sabers, they would also become sharper. Even the stored food would become better than the Herculean Bull's Beef.

The other herbs and fruit trees would be immortalized. Be it the Fire Dates or the Purple-Green Immortal Peaches, their speed and quality would be far better than normal.

"I'll upgrade the King Dragon Armor and the Demon Subduing Blade first. The scales of the Ancient King Dragon are rumored to be the best material for refining magic treasures."

Gu Chensha's cultivation gradually deepened. He gradually understood many of the tricks of refining magic treasures in the Sun and Moon Refinement. Although he was not very good at refining magic treasures, he gradually gained some understanding.

"Sun and Moon Dragon Fire."

He sacrificed his blood to summon the Sun and Moon Dragon Fire. The flames burned on the two dragon scales.

Normal flames could not do anything to the Ancient King Dragon's scales. Even the primordial spirit fire of an extremely strong expert could not do anything to them. However, the Sun and Moon Dragon Fire was a flame obtained from the Heavenly Dao. It could be used as it pleased. It could even refine the Heavenly Demon Relic.

As the Sun and Moon Dragon Fire burned the dragon scales, they began to soften. They turned into many runes and then fused with the sword and armor.

Gu Chensha drew runes on the sword and armor over and over again. He poured his blood into it and injected his essence, qi, and spirit. His blood and spirit were greatly consumed. He was a little weak, so he quickly consumed Heavenly Dew to make up for it. He still had two and a half barrels of Heavenly Dew, so he could drink it without fear.

If he had not sacrificed the Evil God's flesh and blood, he could forget about hatching the Black Tortoise egg. He would not have been able to cultivate the armor and sword to such a level.

"Sun and Moon Refinement, Heaven and Earth change. The dragon enters the bone marrow and transforms the god." Gu Chensha did not know how long he had been refining, but he suddenly pointed.

The two dragon scales were completely burned by the Sun and Moon Fire Dragon and fused into the sword and armor. The sword floated up and turned into a small dragon that kept swimming.

The King Dragon Armor also turned into a small dragon that chased after the sword, forming a Yin Yang cycle.

Gu Chensha communicated with his blood. He could already feel that the sword and armor had clearly changed after absorbing the two ancient divine dragon scales.

"Sun and Moon Twin Dragons!"

When Gu Chensha saw the two dragons swimming, he suddenly had a whole new understanding of the Sun and Moon Dragon Technique. He stood up and struck different postures like a dragon swimming.

His hands were like dragon claws, creating layers of afterimages as he grabbed the small dragon formed by the sword armor. In an instant, the essence energy of the ancient divine dragon's scales returned and fused with his blood. Kacha!

The strand of immortal energy that formed a pearl in his body immediately exploded, mixing with his essence energy and blood, incomparably intimate.

An aura in his body charged through the Jade Pillow Acupoint at the back of his head and opened up a cycle of energy. Rumbling spiritual energy flowed between his diaphragms.

His skin constricted and he actually became much smaller. His bones were so compressed that cracking sounds could be heard. But endless power rose up from his bones and diaphragms. Keng!

His body gave off the sound of metal clashing. Each inch of his skin and bones gave off the smell of metal and were indestructible. At that moment, he was no longer a human. Dao Realm Third Transformation, copper skin and iron bones. He had finally reached such a realm. Peng! He took out a Fire Talisman Spear and fired at his body.

When the bullet hit his body, it exploded with a giant fireball. It only caused his vital energy to be slightly unstable but his skin and flesh were fine.

"Very good, my Dao Realm Third Transformation Copper Skin and Iron Bones are much stronger than other experts. If I go one step further and reach Dao Realm Fourth Transformation, my organs will be like a furnace and my vital energy won't be unstable." Gu Chensha checked his body and was delighted.

After reaching Dao Realm Third Transformation, his strength increased greatly. Even if he didn't use the Demon Descending Blade and King Dragon Armor, he still had terrifying killing ability.

Sun and Moon Dragon Skin, Sun and Moon Dragon Scales, Sun and Moon Dragon Tendons, Sun and Moon Dragon Blood, and Sun and Moon Dragon Bones.