Chapter 1125
============

Qi Lai

Zhou Qin and Hong Yi could never have guessed that Lou Baiyue and the others, who had been nothing more than chickens and dogs, would be able to do something like this.

Zhou Qin had assumed that he could kill them with the snap of a finger, but instead, they had trapped him. That was especially true after Hong Yi's attack. Their power continued to rise, and they launched a heaven-shaking, earth-toppling counterattack. Their main source of power was the person in the middle of the spell formation.

That person didn't have a lower body, but rather, his upper body. His lower body was a mass of energy, like a wriggling dragon or snake. As Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, and Zhuge Ya built up their power, the person's true form would be fully formed, and his fighting prowess would rise even higher.

"We can't let him form his sea of energy," Hong Yi said.

"If he forms his heart, he can unleash the most power he can. But if he forms his sea of energy, not only will he be able to unleash more power, but he'll also be able to unleash a myriad of variations. That's going to be very difficult to deal with."

"We can't kill these ants in a single blow," Hong Yi said. "They'll be able to recover, and they'll be able to take advantage of the pressure we put on them. They're not lacking in power or experience. What they lack is a whetstone, and we're their whetstone.

Zhou Qin said, "You have courage and strength. As expected of someone by Gu Chensha's side. However, if we can't even suppress and kill these people, then how would we deal with Gu Chensha? Since it's like this, then I'll let them see what my true strength is. Lightning, come! "

Instantly, the copper bell dissipated, transforming into countless bolts of lightning. These bolts of lightning were not the same as the lightning of the mortal world, but rather, heart lightning. Heart lightning could brew all living things, could close doors, could crush all living things, could destroy good fortune, could corrode the Everlasting, and could sever eternity.

In the blink of an eye, boundless lightning surrounded everything. Then, crackling sounds could be heard as the 'Indestructible Being' began to crack and shatter like a porcelain vase.

"Brother Zhou Qin, your divine lightning is really powerful. With this lightning technique, creating a world is as easy as eating and drinking."

Hong Yi sighed in admiration. "However, your lightning technique can only stop this person's transformation and not completely obliterate him. At this time, I'll have to add my strength. The universe changes, the epoch is eternal, fire. "

Hong Yi exhaled, causing a clump of fire to appear inside of him. Within that clump of fire were thousands upon thousands of fire dragons. They joined the lightning magic, causing its power to reach a pinnacle. In fact, even the non-Undying bodies created by Lou Baiyue and the others almost melted.

"Our formation is about to collapse."

"Hurry up," Wen Hong said. "We can't let the spell formation collapse. If we do, we won't be a match for these two. Activate the third plan. Create your dantian's sea of energy!" "Sea of energy!"

At this time, whether it was Longevity God or the others, they only had one thought in their minds, and that was to create the dantian's sea of energy.

In the beginning, this person only had eyes. Then, a head appeared, and then shoulders and arms grew out of the head. At the most critical moment, this person actually grew a heart. Once a heart was formed, one's spirit power would be able to pierce through the heavens and earth, destroy everything, create everything, and create everything. Life and death could happen in an instant, and reincarnation could happen in an instant.

A person who had formed a heart was already capable of fighting against either Zhou Qin or Hong Yi. However, against both Hong Yi and Zhou Qin, they were simply no match for them. They had to condense out a sea of energy.

A person, a real living person, had three most important parts. The first was the brain, the second was the heart, and the third was the dantian's sea of energy. If all three were present, they would be a complete person.

"These people created such a terrifying existence. They can actually reach this level. This shows the power of Gu Chensha. This must have been imparted to them by Gu Chensha." Hong Yi's face showed an incomparably cold smile. "We must crush them directly."

He exhaled again, causing even more flame dragons to appear, all of them seemingly capable of destroying the universe.

Indeed, even the weakest fire dragon that came out of his mouth was enough to destroy a super-giant universe.

One must know that a super-giant universe could give birth to a supreme immortal, but it still couldn't resist Hong Yi's fire dragons. From this, one could see how ferocious Hong Yi's power was.

"Kill!"

Between the heavens and the earth, countless spiritual forces intertwined, stirring up wind and thunder in the grand matrix. Lou Baiyue held the incantation with both hands, and her divine might grew more and more invincible. She had been tempered more and more during the battle with Zhouqin Hongyi. In the short time it took for the battle to begin, she had already surpassed 100,000 years of cultivation.

Or rather, in this battle with Zhou Qin, she had completely digested everything she had accumulated over the past hundred thousand years. Furthermore, she had brought forth new things from the old, and had transformed even more.

"You …" Lou Baiyue's voice rang out like a great bell. "You can't destroy my 'Non-Existent Immortal'. Dantian region, sea of energy, come forth!"

An enormous vortex appeared, which seemed to be made up of billions of star systems. It was rapidly shrinking, and countless universes were collapsing inwards, forming some sort of concentric circle. At the center of the concentric circle was a sea of energy. It was a sea of energy. When the sea of energy gathered together, it formed a dantian region.

In the blink of an eye, the 'Non-Existent Immortal' within the great formation formed a body, and a sea of energy was born. As the sea of energy was born, so were his legs. He had become a complete person.

This person's entire body was trembling unceasingly. His body kept on squirming, and he kept on spurting out a strange substance. This substance permeated the entire formation. It wasn't energy, medicine, or spirit force. This substance seeped into everyone's body, causing their strength to soar once again.

"Suppressed!"

At this moment, Lou Baiyue's strength was rising steadily, almost at the speed of light. On her Virtual Interface, her lifespan had jumped by a large margin, reaching more than 100 billion years. In other words, Lou Baiyue's current strength was no weaker than Zhou Qin and the others.

When Zhou Qin and Hong Yi saw Lou Baiyue's sea of energy appear, they grew even more enraged. In fact, they even swore to kill her.

As it turned out, the two of them were still very wary of Gu Chensha. But now they knew that if they didn't kill Lou Baiyue, she would be a threat to them.

Before, Lou Baiyue had been nothing more than an ant to them, someone they could toy with at will. No matter how strong she was, she wouldn't be a threat to them. But now, that ant had grown into an almighty crocodile. Since that was the case, they had to kill her.

They could tolerate Gu Chensha's lofty position, but that was their greatest catastrophe. Only by killing Gu Chensha could they obtain eternity. That was their goal, but they would never allow another person to stand on equal footing with them. If that happened, what would be the point of their existence?

"This person has to die!" Zhou Qin and Hong Yi were determined to kill him. "It's time for you guys to show yourselves. Stop watching the show." Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh …

At that moment, four more figures appeared in the formation. They were Wang Chao, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li.

With the six of them gathered, the formation could no longer suppress them. It could only shrink to protect them.

As for the 'undying being' that was born, it turned into a shadow that covered everyone's heads. It could condense into a physical form at any time and place to join the battle. But now, their positions had changed.

Originally, Lou Baiyue and the others had set up the formation to be in a state of absolute offense. But now, they were completely on the defense. This was because Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li had all descended. These six people were all people who could compete with Gu Chensha in the future. When the six of them joined forces, they could even suppress and kill Gu Chensha.

With all six of them descending, even if Lou Baiyue had heaven-defying means, she couldn't fight them. She could only retreat and defend.

Of course, this was what she had planned. She wouldn't retreat now. She would fight to the end, extract potential from the pressure, squeeze out power, and evolve again.

She had already completed her evolution. Although her true strength was still a little weaker than Zhou Qin and the others, and she was likely to lose in a one-on-one fight, she was much stronger than before. It should be known that in the past, if she were to face any one of Zhou Qin and the others alone, she would be killed instantly without any suspense. They could play with her as they pleased, just like ordinary people playing with small bugs. But now, she had the strength to fight them. But this wasn't enough. She wanted to be on an equal footing with them. Moreover, the others, such as Zhuge Ya and Wen Hong, had to evolve like her.

"Zhou Qin, Hong Yi."

At this moment, a young man in white clothes said, "The two of you actually didn't take care of these people. Instead, you went to control them, causing our plan to come to an end. We're now conducting research to crack the secret of Gu Chensha's virtual interface and control him instead. But the incompetence of the two of you has disrupted our plan." "Fang Han, don't be so sarcastic here."

Hong Yi said coldly, "These people are also part of our plan. You see, under our pressure, these people have evolved very quickly. Actually, this is also within our expectations. Now, we can urge their evolution and integrate it into our plan. Then, we can deduce Gu Chensha's secret."