Chapter 166
===========

"Do you see the space-time gap in front?" Lou Baiyue pointed ahead.

Gu Chensha looked over and found that there was indeed a space-time gap. It was constantly twisting and pulling, as though it was a door to another world.

"Is Li Wangsheng there?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Most likely."

Lou Baiyue laughed coldly, "My Great Massacre God Art is good at remembering people's aura and never erasing it. That's the amazing part." "I don't think it's appropriate for us to enter like this."

Gu Chensha knew that space-time was very dangerous. If one entered any space-time gap, they would be in danger of never coming back.

Not to mention him, even the mighty beings of the Celestial Dao, as long as they had not cultivated to the Seamless Space Realm, were afraid of space-time gaps. If they fell into the depths of another space-time, they would never be able to find the way out.

There were many hidden places in the Land of Infinity that contained ancient grotto-heavens and even treasures of immortals.

Since ancient times, there were many lucky people who fell into those ancient grotto-heavens, found treasures, and obtained immortal legacies. After they came out, they became heroes, mighty beings, and giants. These were all fortuitous encounters.

But there were also many who found such fortuitous encounters and were devoured by space-time, smashed to pieces.

"Naturally, we can't go in. I'm afraid it's dangerous inside."

Lou Baiyue took out a mirror from her bracelet. This mirror was bronze in color and there were all sorts of runes flowing within it.

She dripped her blood on the mirror and then flicked her finger. A palm-sized black lotus appeared. The lotus spun continuously, twisting and flashing. It entered the depths of the space-time gap and disappeared in the blink of an eye. Then, the mirror showed the situation around the black lotus.

As expected, within the twisting space-time gap was a different world. There were no skeletons but ruined palaces everywhere. It wasn't dark either. There was bright light shining down from above. It was unknown where the light came from, but there was no darkness in the broken palaces.

The black lotus gradually turned transparent under Lou Baiyue's control. It hid itself and searched the broken palaces.

Gu Chensha did not know what material the palaces were made of. It did not look like they were made of mortal materials.

"This must be an ancient palace. I can't believe it was left behind in the depths of the shattered space-time," Lou Baiyue said. "Impressive. I wonder which ancient immortal left this behind." Gu Chensha did not say anything. He just observed carefully.

The transparent lotus once again penetrated deep into the palace. Although the palace was broken in many places, it was still magnificent and majestic. It towered into the clouds and didn't look like it belonged to the mortal world. Many of the palaces were floating and drifting about. This was the Heavenly Palace. This must be the cave abode of an immortal. Suddenly, a bloody light appeared in the depths of the palace.

Gu Chensha quickly looked at the mirror. Lou Baiyue also sprayed mouthfuls of Innate Gang Qi on the mirror, making the scene in the mirror clearer. Suddenly, five people appeared in the blood light.

Three of them were Heng Budong, Li Wangsheng, and Yuan Shasheng. The other two were dressed in armor. They were tall and mighty like giants. They were a head taller than the barbarian marshal that Gu Chensha saw before.

These two giants had crowns on their heads and golden cloaks on their backs. They both held scepters in their hands. Their auras were no weaker than Yuan Shasheng and Li Wangsheng.

"These are two Barbarian Sovereigns."

Lou Baiyue let out a deep breath. "They are not to be underestimated. The Barbarian Kings are already top-notch experts, and the Barbarian Sovereigns are the rulers of countless barbarian tribes. They are no longer ordinary barbarians. They are the most intelligent barbarians. I might not even be a match for any one of them. I don't know why these people are gathered here.

Fortunately, I did not enter. Otherwise, I would still be at a disadvantage if they joined forces against me. " "Barbarian Sovereigns!"

Gu Chensha knew that there were countless barbarian tribes in the Barbarian Land. There were billions of barbarians, but there were not many in the Barbarian Land.

The Barbarian Land did not care about worldly affairs. Instead, they focused on cultivation. But every three years, all the barbarian kings in the area had to go to court and offer various gifts. In fact, the Barbarian Land was like the ancient Emperor who was enfeoffed. There were many vassal states under the Ancient Emperor.

Each Barbarian Sovereign did not believe in the Evil God. They cultivated on their own, and even wanted to free the barbarians from the control of the Evil God.

Gu Chensha had studied the history of the barbarians. Each Barbarian Sovereign was a peerless genius. They stood out from the millions of barbarians. Some of them were very old, and some were even old monsters that had lived for thousands of years.

Of course, the two Barbarian Sovereigns in front of him were not that strong. They were probably born from the younger generation. Otherwise, they would not be together with Yuan Shasheng, Li Wangsheng, and Heng Budong.

These five people were setting up something on the altar in the middle of the large palace ruins. There were many corpses on the altar, and they were all killed. There were both men and women, and it was unknown where they had plundered them from. From the way they were dressed, they seemed to be people from overseas countries, and some of them were citizens of the Great Yong Dynasty, and some of them were barbarians. It seemed that these five people were carrying out an evil blood sacrifice.

"It seems that countless souls and flesh are needed."

Li Wanlong frowned. His words could be heard clearly in the mirror. It seemed that this mirror was a treasure.

"What is the origin of this mirror?" Gu Chensha said, "It is somewhat similar to the Jade God's Eye of the Jade Dew."

"This mirror is an ancient treasure. I dug it out from Gu Tianxu's tomb. It is called the Vast Thousand Mirror."

Lou Baiyue said, "It is much stronger than the Jade God's Eye. It was personally refined by Gu Tianxu. It is said that when it is activated to the extreme, it can see through multiple spaces. All kinds of scenes can be seen vividly in one's eyes. It is as simple as looking at the lines on one's palm. In addition, this mirror can emit all kinds of light. It can break through the void and tear space. It can also be used to calculate martial arts and evolve the Great Dao. It is mysterious and unimaginable. " "So magical? Why didn't you use it when you were fighting against Li Wangsheng?" Gu Chensha asked.

"You think I didn't want to use it?"

Lou Baiyue rolled her eyes at him. "My cultivation is far from enough. This mirror can only be activated with the power of divinity. At the very least, you need to cultivate your Primordial Spirit to leave your body. You need to use the power of your Primordial Spirit to enter the mirror and activate it. There is space inside the mirror too.

This is an archaean supreme treasure, and the amount of primordial spirit energy required to activate it is astonishing. It can be said that even some elders of the immortal dao would find it extremely difficult to activate it. Only a few old monsters can activate it, and right now, I'm just activating the mysteries of the mirror slightly to reflect something. In truth, this is my first time using this mirror. In the past, my cultivation base was simply insufficient. " "You have a lot of trump cards." Gu Chensha smiled. "It seems that you have some treasures." "Not too many, just one or two."

Lou Baiyue said, "Of course, the reason I obtained the Plain Goddess Bracelet and the Vast Thousand Mirror was because of the emperor's guidance.

The emperor said that Gu Tianzi's tomb appeared because of the shaking of the world. He told me to go and try my luck. I went and obtained these two treasures, some heavenly dew, and some pills and treasures. If it weren't for that, my Lou family wouldn't be able to compete with those great families. " "Father said you haven't awakened yet. Do you have any clues?

I feel that your talent is actually that of an unparalleled genius, comparable to Long Zaifei. This is definitely not something my blood can change. It must have activated some kind of bloodline in you. And I feel that your bloodline hasn't truly been activated yet. Once it is, I'm afraid you will become a natural saint. Otherwise, father wouldn't think so highly of you. "Gu Chensha guessed.

"It's possible. But I don't know what bloodline I have." Lou Baiyue waved her hand. "That's not important. Let's listen to what these people want." Gu Chensha listened quietly.

"I don't lack souls and flesh. I can let hundreds of thousands of barbarians come in and sacrifice them at any time."

A barbarian emperor said in a strong voice. "But how do I know that everything I do is not a gift for the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons?" "Don't say that."

Li Wangsheng laughed. "Some time ago, my father and Barbarian Saint 'Hong' reached an agreement to let the demons and barbarians join forces. Why would we fake it?

But you barbarians, it seems that there has been no trust since ancient times. Back then, many dynasties in the divine continent tried to reconcile with the barbarians and tried to mind our own business. But in the blink of an eye, you ate all the princesses and maids sent by those dynasties and immediately attacked the kingdom. It seems that we should be afraid of you turning against us. " "These are the orders of the evil god."

A barbarian emperor said. "Let's not talk about these old things. Our common enemy now is the Heavenly Talisman Emperor."

"That's right. The blood sacrifice here needs at least hundreds of thousands of powerful living beings to pollute this place. Once this ancient immortal palace is polluted, its effects will be weakened and it will not be able to suppress the evil qi. Once it fails, the evil qi will explode and countless monsters will come out, heading towards the Great Yongchō." Li Wangsheng said. "When that time comes, many of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's plans will be ruined." "You think we don't know? This immortal palace is called the Buzhou Palace.

It was left behind by the last ancient Son of Heaven, 'Zhou'. Back then, Zhou led many Righteous Gods to fight against the Evil Gods and Heavenly Devils. The universe was shattered, and the stars fell and the great thousand lands sank. In the end, even this palace was broken, but it suppressed the evil aura in this place. Don't look at how this Buzhou Palace is broken, but we can't touch it at all.

There are many treasures inside. If it wasn't for the change in heaven and earth, we might not have been able to enter. "

A barbarian emperor laughed. "The Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons actually wants to pollute this Buzhou Palace and obtain it."

"Not at all. This palace is an unparalleled treasure. We are willing to share it with the barbarians. But now, we need to carry out the plan together. The tribes of the barbarians are going to carry out the blood sacrifice." Li Wangsheng smiled insincerely.