Chapter 427
===========

In the depths of Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness, he realized that he had given up on the principles he had always believed in. The moment he gave up, the Ape Tribe leader's Lust for World Desire, Heaven Parting Hatred Art entered his sea of consciousness to take control of his desires.

If nothing unexpected happened, Gu Chensha would be completely brainwashed by the Ape Tribe. He would become their slave, and he would live and he would die. He would be worse than a dog. This was the power of the Lust for World Desire, Heaven Parting Hatred Art.

"What is the kid doing? Is he trying to throw himself into a hopeless situation? "

The Yin Yang Ghost Ape said, glaring at Gu Chensha. "Does this kid really think he can get rid of the Lust for World Desire, Heaven Parting Hatred Art this way? Isn't that just wishful thinking?" He was ready to attack at any moment, regardless of his status.

"Hahahaha! Struggling is futile, kid! I'm going to turn you into a walking corpse! You're going to become a slave to the Ape Tribe!"

Ape Huang knew that he was in control of the situation, so he let out a hearty laugh. He channeled all of his magic power into a powerful attack that entered Gu Chensha's body. He wanted to turn Gu Chensha into a puppet.

At this point, Gu Chensha was completely motionless, as if he had lost all of his will. He had truly become a puppet.

Man is the controller of the Dao, not the slave of the Dao. The Dao is just a boat crossing the river, and one has to abandon it when they reach the shore. The Dao is just a tool in one's hand, and even if one abandons it, it will not harm one's self. When a Saint reaches the end of his cultivation and becomes one with the Dao, he has turned himself into a slave of the Dao. The only exception is to jump out of the heavens, and although it is not tolerated by the Great Dao, he has obtained his true self. "

Gu Chensha wasn't injured, nor was he being controlled by the Lust for World Desire, Heaven Parting Hatred Art. He was trying to gain enlightenment of something he hadn't been able to for a long time. Indeed, the Lust for World Desire, Heaven Parting Hatred Art posed a great threat to him.

However, to him, this was a great way to temper himself. The reason he had come here was because he wanted to gain enlightenment of new things, and then break through to the twentieth transformation of the Dao Breaking Realm, the level of Convergence and Dispersion Impermanence, and the quality of his Heaven-Dao magic.

Sure enough, under the pressure of the Ape Desolation, he once again gained a deeper understanding of the Outliers, and his grasp of his own Dao became even more exquisite.

At the same time, he once again sensed the supreme bloodline power of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's son. He inhaled and exhaled. Crackle!

He entered a strange realm. No matter how much the Desolate Ape's power rushed into his body, he remained motionless, completely unaware of it. Just as his body was about to be controlled and refined into a puppet by the Desolate Ape … He was on the brink of death. It was the supreme bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. Buzz …

From the depths of an unknown dimensional node in his body, a power that could overturn the universe, tear apart worlds, suppress chaos, and distort the Great Dao gathered and suddenly erupted. This was the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor.

Back then, this bloodline had suddenly erupted and directly crushed the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, Gouchen bloodlines, and even the Sun Moon Dragon bloodline.

These powerful bloodlines were not even worth mentioning before the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. The bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor was finally summoned by Gu Chensha again.

As soon as it appeared, it directly crushed the Lust for World Desire, Heaven Parting Hatred Art and turned it into pure mental energy and resources, allowing Gu Chensha to completely obtain the experience of the Four Great Apes and some of the mysteries of the Buddha. With this knowledge, Gu Chensha took a step further away from the path of Outliers.

At the same time, when the bloodline appeared, all the magic power of the Desolate Ape that had surged into his body was crushed and dispersed, becoming nourishment for him, raising his strength to a whole new level.

At the same time, the Common People's God Generals in his body were also tainted with the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor.

These Common People's God Generals were refined from the jade that sealed the Xingqiong Family. There were a total of 3,600 of them and they had huge strength. When they were released, the strength of each one would definitely exceed that of a Size Manipulation expert. The key was that their bodies were pretty much impossible to shatter.

However, these 3,600 Common People's God Generals were just refined and lacked experience. This was why Gu Chensha absorbed them into his body and used his bloodline to nourish them. After a long time, they would definitely be able to transform once more.

Now, the moment the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor appeared, it touched the 3,600 Common People's God Generals.

Instantly, the 3,600 Common People's God Generals started to transform, like they were advancing. The meridians in their bodies were being reforged and then the jade spread out, actually turning into spiritual power! Common People's True Technique!

Gu Chensha hadn't cultivated spiritual power and hadn't reached the 20th transformation of the Dao Realm. However, the 3,600 Common People's God Generals in his body had actually been refined into spiritual power. This was an unbelievable phenomenon.

Logically speaking, it was tough for the puppets to exceed the master's body. Even if Gu Chensha's materials weren't simple and it was the jade that sealed the Xingqiong Family, he still relied on his own pill energy. If he didn't cultivate spiritual power, then these puppets wouldn't be able to either.

"It is actually so magical. Father's bloodline is really amazing."

Gu Chensha realized that these Mortal Life God Generals had actually cultivated Dharmic powers, and the quality of their Dharmic powers was the Vajra Dharma. He was instantly shocked. "However, the Dharmic powers of each Mortal Life God General are too weak. There are about 360 of them, which is equivalent to an ordinary cultivator who has cultivated the Vajra Dharma.

Luckily, these Common People's God Generals can return to the jade mountain that sealed the Xingqiong Family and swallow the jade to strengthen their own spiritual power. "

Each 360 Common People's God Generals was equivalent to a 20th transformation cultivator who cultivated the Diamond Technique.

Right now, Gu Chensha was equivalent to ten cultivators with the 20th transformation of the Vajra Dharma.

Minute Dust Technique, Boulder Technique, Diamond Technique, True Dragon Technique, Heaven Path Technique.

Out of these 5 qualities, the Diamond Technique was actually really hard to cultivate. As for the True Dragon Technique, it was even more difficult. Only Saints and Sons of Heaven could cultivate it.

Moreover, the reason why the spiritual power of these 3600 Common People's God Generals was so weak was because when they were refining, they used less materials. It was just a piece of jade the size of a human head. If they used more jade, then the spiritual power would increase.

Luckily, when these Common People's God Generals swallowed the jade, their spiritual power would increase and it would be much faster than cultivators.

This was the benefit of the Heaven Talisman Emperor bloodline and the jade used to seal the Xingqiong Family.

The key was that if Gu Chensha cultivated the Heaven Path Technique and cultivated spiritual power, the spiritual power of these Common People's God Generals would reach the True Dragon Technique grade. At that time, their strength wouldn't be something that could be compared to now. This series of changes happened in an instant.

The World Desire Heaven Separating Hatred Technique was shattered and a third of Desolate Ape's spiritual power was also shattered. It was all absorbed into Gu Chensha's body and nourished the 3600 Common People's God Generals. Gu Chensha's Sea of Consciousness, Ocean of Energy and acupoints expanded once more.

His mental energy was originally able to do a million things at a time. Now, it doubled and became 2 million things at a time. Even some of the acupoints that the Universe Lightning Pool didn't open up were all opened up. His aptitude had been raised to the level of a Natural Born Sage in an instant! He was no longer a top genius.

A long time ago, he was already a peerless genius. Later on, when he battled Fa Wuxian, he also activated the bloodline of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor, raising his talent to a new level. He could break through to the Innate Saint Realm at any time.

Now that he activated the Heaven Talisman Emperor bloodline once more, his talent really broke through this critical point and he became a Natural Saint.

The Heaven Talisman Emperor bloodline seemed to be able to break through some restraints and didn't even care about the rules of the Heavenly Dao.

His talent rose to the Natural Saint Realm, his physical body expanded, and the 3600 Common People's God Generals in his body cultivated the spiritual power of the Vajra Technique. He even obtained the essence of the Three Great Ape God's research. This series of gains was huge.

However, Gu Chensha still wasn't able to transform himself and cultivate the Heavenly Dao Technique. This showed how difficult it was to cultivate the Heavenly Dao Technique that no one had been able to cultivate since the beginning of time.

Even the Dharma Saint back then wasn't able to cultivate it. Rumor had it that he had only touched it.

However, Gu Chensha felt that he was like a layer of paper in front of him. With a gentle blow, it would be torn apart. His strength was far inferior to the "Warlock Saint" of the past, but in terms of understanding the Heavenly Path, he seemed to be slightly better.

"As long as I understand just a little bit more, just a little bit, I will be able to cultivate the Heavenly Dao Technique quality. Even the Three Great Heavenly Venerables can't cultivate spiritual power, but I can!" Gu Chensha breathed to his heart's content.

This time, coming to Minor Meru Mountain and facing the pressure of the ape race, he had gained a lot.

"Not good, a Natural Saint has spiritual power on his body. Desolate Ape is in danger." The Yin Yang Ghost Ape was the first to notice that something was wrong. He waved his hand. A huge force pressed down on Gu Chensha.

This force reached the top of Gu Chensha's head in an instant and pressed down fiercely. Gu Chensha originally wanted to kill Desolate Ape directly, but the force was so strong that it almost froze him.

At this moment, Gu Chensha, who had advanced to the Natural Saint level, had an attack power that was beyond imagination and could already cause damage to Desolate Ape.

Moreover, just now, Desolate Ape's strength was reduced by 30%, and its spiritual power was devoured by Gu Chensha. He was scared out of his wits. Because he was shocked by the aura of the Heaven Talisman Emperor's bloodline. Kacha kacha!

The Yin Yang Ghost Ape's strength wasn't something that Gu Chensha could handle. This was a God Realm expert. Even if Gu Chensha cultivated the Heavenly Dao Technique and reached Dao Realm Transformation 20, fighting a God Realm expert was like hitting a rock with an egg. He was overestimating himself. The gap in realms was too huge. The power of space wasn't something that he could deal with at all.

Gu Chensha felt like the Yin Yang Ghost Ape's normal palm caused the surrounding space to squeeze over. No matter what he did, it was useless.

Of course, he knew his place. He could fight with Desolate Ape because he had many fortuitous encounters. But compared to the Yin Yang Ghost Ape, it was like the difference between heaven and earth. He was prepared and didn't test his strength. He immediately released Chang Weiyang's talisman from Taixuan Du.