Chapter 651
===========

"There are many people below you. I don't want to reveal my body and do nothing." Gu Chensha frowned at Dou Yiyu's suggestion.

"It's fine. I've left a clone here," Dou Yiyu said.

"One clone is enough to monitor everything here. If I don't communicate with you, it'll be a problem when we deal with the Xingqiong Clan in the future."

"Then do as you wish. I'm very curious about your fate with the Immortal-Slaying God-Punishing Gourd."

Gu Chensha had divined many things just now, and had already guessed that Dou Yiyu would be a key figure in the upcoming calamity.

"I'll tell you."

Dou Yiyu's eyes flickered, as if she was scheming against Gu Chensha. The two of them were scheming to the extreme. If there was a chance, Gu Chensha felt that this woman would definitely kill him. At the same time, he would suppress her. She was too dangerous, and would be a huge threat to the imperial court and the world. "I heard that you lived a miserable life when you were young. You stayed in the palace of the old capital until the fourteenth year of the Heavenly Talisman, when you obtained the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. You suddenly erupted, and in a short ten years, you made a name for yourself. I wonder if you're willing to take me on a tour around the old capital?" "Of course."

Gu Chensha also wanted to take a closer look at Dou Yiyu. "I'd like to discuss the ways of governing a country with you, Miss." As he spoke, Gu Chensha waved his hand, and he descended below the old capital. Dou Yiyu naturally followed behind.

"Big Sis, what's going on with you and that Gu Chensha feigning civility?" Dou Nineteen had already received the transmission, and was secretly conversing with Dou Yiyu's clone.

"You piece of trash. You've been tricked by this Gu Chensha for too long, and you've even thrown away your foundation. Wouldn't that be a huge loss for us?

Besides, this person's Heavenly Dao Arts are very beneficial to me. If I can borrow his Heavenly Dao Arts to refine my Immortal-Slaying Gourd, then I'll be able to truly unleash the power to shatter all things into chaos. " "This person is full of tricks and changes. I'm a little worried."

Dou Nineteen was no longer arrogant. Instead, he was much more cautious. To be honest, he was very afraid of Gu Chensha. He didn't dare to take revenge or come into contact with him.

"You've lost all your confidence because of this person."

Dou Yi Yu said, "I need to recover and face this person head-on. Only then will I be able to eliminate my fear and experience a qualitative leap in my spirit." "But I can't deal with this person right now." Dou Nineteen was also fuming.

"There's no rush. Wait until I make that person spit out the things he obtained from us with interest. I'll suppress his arrogance and greatly damage his cultivation. If you continue to fight with him, I reckon he'll be in big trouble. The Dharma Saint is about to start the second Devil Calamity, Wan Senshi has issued an order to attack the Calmness Immortal Department, and the Immortal Master is preparing to let the Heavenly Craftsman Institute seize the imperial court's power. Other than that, all kinds of powers are getting restless. The Black Heaven Earth Sect has also recently come up with a countermeasure, and all of them are targeting the Calmness Immortal Department," Dou Yiyu said.

"I wonder who will have the last laugh in the end."

Dou Nineteen could not see clearly now. "Wan Senshi, the Immortal Master, those two old antiques, the Dharma Saint, the Calmness Immortal Department, and some other old antiques from the Greater Thousand Worlds should be here as well."

"That's right. The experts from the Xuanhuang Great World, the Saha Great World, the Jambu Great World, and the Mystique Great World are already making their way to the Endless Mainland."

Dou Yiyu said, "These Great Worlds have accumulated a lot of resources as well. There are countless experts living in them, all of whom want to witness the splendor of the Endless Mainland."

"The experts of the Greater Thousand Worlds can't compare to the experts of the Endless Worlds. It's very difficult for high-level existences to cultivate to become Heavenly Lords, but it's not like there aren't any." Dou Nineteen said.

"That's not the most important point. If the Heavenly Dao changes, and the people there become Children of the World, they will be able to utilize the power of the Greater Thousand Worlds. That would be terrifying."

Dou Yiyu said, "Originally, the Great Thousand Realms were born from the Primal Chaos Big Bang. No one can control it. Even if it's the Heavenly Venerables who live in the Great Thousand Realms, trying to control the Great Thousand Realms would be like ants moving a mountain.

Even a Heavenly Lord would be like an ant looking at a majestic mountain range in front of the Greater Thousand Worlds. They were pitifully weak, and it was impossible for them to control the Origin Force of the Greater Thousand Worlds. But what was impossible in the past might happen now. For example, no one could cultivate the Heavenly Dao Arts in the past, but now Gu Chensha had. In the past, Sages could not be revived, but now the Dharma Saint had.

In the past, the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman could not be used by two people at the same time, but now it was happening. All of these showed that the truth of the past had been subverted.

Perhaps the Origin Force of the Greater Thousand Worlds had recognized a certain person, and that person was the Child of the World.

"Such a person might really appear," Dou Nineteen said.

Dou Nineteen said, "It's just like Big Sister. In the past, no one could control the Immortal Slaying God Exterminating Gourd. This gourd was formed when the Primordial Chaos Tree absorbed the strongest destructive power of the Primordial Chaos Explosion. This gourd is different from any other connate spiritual treasure. It was born when the Primordial Chaos Tree encountered a huge opportunity.

"With this gourd in hand, I fear no one. Even Wan Senshi can't do anything to me. This is my absolute secret, but the gourd's power hasn't reached its peak yet. There's still room for growth. If I can capture Gu Chensha and seal him inside, the gourd will be able to transform and reach a whole new level."

Dou Yiyu said, "This Gu Chensha hasn't comprehended the true transformations and power of the Heavenly Dao Arts. His cultivation isn't high enough, but I must seal him and feed him to the gourd. " "I hope Big Sis succeeds!" Dou Nineteen placed her hopes on Dou Yiyu. Meanwhile, Dou Yiyu's true body and Gu Chensha's true body had already landed in the old capital.

"The Celestial Calmness Bureau has done a good job governing the world. If not for the Devil Calamity, within a hundred years, the population would've multiplied, or even multiplied tenfold. Then, they would've taken over the Wildlands, the Ocean, and the Eastern Wilderness." Dou Yiyu pointed at the old capital. "The Yongchō has created an unprecedented golden age." "This foundation was built by Imperial Father," Gu Chensha said.

Gu Chensha said, "If it wasn't for Imperial Father sealing away the many True Gods in the sky, as well as intimidating the Immortal Dao, the Demon Race, the Demon Race, and even the three great Celestial Venerables of the world, preventing them from acting rashly, I'm afraid that the world would have truly fallen. Even now, our Department of Calming Immortals is only producing the three-piece human-dragon set. The rest of the machinery has been handed over to the Celestial Designer Institute. In this regard, we won't compete with them. "

"That's right. Right now, there are too many people in the world. It's impossible for everyone to obtain the Human-Dragon Set created by your Calming Immortal Department. If I'm not wrong, your Calming Immortal Department has created more than 3 billion Human Dragon Pills, 30 million sets of Human Dragon Armor, and Human Dragon Sword.

But Yongchō has more than ten billion citizens now, and the population is still growing. Of course, if you focus all your efforts on production, you'll be able to supply them. Do you need my help? "Dou Yiyu smiled.

"Hahaha, Miss Yiyu, don't tell me you don't understand the way of governing a country?"

Gu Chensha said. "A country is divided into different classes. If everyone has the three-dragon suit, they'll lose their drive to advance. That's a bad thing.

The whole country is like a human body. The feet are the feet, and the head is the head. The head can't grow on the ground, and the feet can't grow on the ground. Our Celestial Calmness Bureau's production of human-dragon suits is based on the number of people in the world. It ensures a supply, but it doesn't overflow. It keeps the people in the world motivated. I'm sure you understand the way of governing a country. I can see that you've managed your Minor Thousand Realms very well. "

Dou Yiyu was shocked. "This person is hard to deal with. His understanding of the people's hearts is no small matter. He's even above me. If we were to compete in governing a country, I'd lose to him. It's not without reason that Gu Taxian chose this person. " Although she was shocked, she said, "You're thinking too much. I have no intention of harming you." "Of course. Since we're working together, we should let down our guard."

Gu Chensha said, "If we fight and scheme, we won't be able to kill Xing Qiongshi. Instead, we'll be killed." "I agree. We need to work together sincerely."

Dou Yiyu said, "I'd like to ask you a question. What's the secret behind the rebirth of the Dharma Saint?" "Oh?

The secret is very simple. I merely attached my Heavenly Law Incarnation to Na Lu God's True God throne. When the Dharma Saint condensed it, I stole his core comprehension. "

Gu Chensha said, "If Miss Yiyu wants to know, you can exchange it with something of equal value. How about it?" "I have a secret technique that the three Heavenly Venerables comprehended."

Dou Yiyu said, "This secret technique is called the Three Realms Transcendence Technique. It's also a technique that helps Saints break through their bottlenecks and reach the Heavenly Venerable Realm. However, this technique isn't truly perfected. I've cultivated this technique and am very familiar with the Heavenly Venerable Realm. However, I can't cultivate to the Heavenly Venerable Realm. So, I want to exchange it with you and learn some secrets."

"Three Realms Transcendence Technique …" When Gu Chensha heard this name, he knew that this technique was extraordinary. It had some wondrous ideas.

This technique was like the Xing Qiongshi's Mutated Pill. They were both fantasies that wanted to reverse the heavens. Gu Chensha really wanted to see it.

"Come, let's go to the place where I used to live. We'll talk there."

Gu Chensha felt that he could dig out many good things from Dou Yiyu. However, this woman also wanted to obtain what she wanted from him.