Chapter 588
===========

Lou Baiyue nodded and said in front of all the officials, "Let's do it this way. After we seize the Clearsky Chamber of Commerce, the National Fortune Party, and the Hongyun Games, we will transfer all the wealth from these businesses into the national treasury. In addition, the Calming Deities Department will also take out a portion to replenish the national treasury. This way, the national treasury will be full, and we will be able to pay the officials, the soldiers, the disaster relief, and the local constructions.

In the future, the allocation of money and resources in the national treasury will not need to go through the study. I will be the one to sign it. In addition, arrest all the supervisors in the national treasury and investigate them to see if they have colluded with the Clearsky Chamber of Commerce to steal from the national treasury. Those who deserve to be killed will be killed, and those who deserve to be locked up will be locked up. " "This old official understands." Qian Hao nodded. This was something that had been discussed with the Calming Deities Department.

"This isn't appropriate, right?"

At this moment, Gu Huan Sha spoke up, "The allocation system of the national treasury is a system where the officials report the amount of money and resources needed level by level and gather them at the Ministry of Revenue. The Ministry of Revenue can approve how much is less than what it needs, and how much is more than what it needs. This has to be discussed in the study together, and then the Regent will approve on behalf of the Emperor before the allocation can be made. This is the system that the Emperor set up. Isn't the Calming Deities Department depriving the study of its functions? Acting arbitrarily seems to go against the Emperor's original intention of governing the country. " "Royal Sister, you're wrong."

Gu Chensha said, "This is a critical period. The Devil Disaster has erupted, and the world is wreaking havoc. If we follow the old rules and approve everything level by level, won't we be delaying the important matters? Imperial Father also has an emergency wartime policy, and everything should be simple and fast.

Everyone has seen the efficiency of the Calming Deities Department, and it is in line with wartime strategies. After the Devil Disaster, everything will naturally return to the original system. Does Royal Sister think that the Calming Deities Department will follow the Clearsky Chamber of Commerce and covet the national treasury? " "A system is a system. It's not a matter of greed."

Gu Huan Sha waved her hand. "The Calming Deities Department has the Wish Tree, and it can produce almost all kinds of pills, treasures, and weapons. It will only provide blood to the national treasury. But if this happens, the Calming Deities Department will monopolize power, and the upper echelons of the country will collapse. What will happen to the officials in the study?"

"There are many things to do in the Upper Study. The allocation of the national treasury is only one of them."

The Fourth spoke up. "Right now, the Calming Immortal Department is merely streamlining its structure to increase the efficiency of the imperial court's operations. However, in the transfer of resources to the national treasury, the Celestial Designer Institute will also need to provide a portion of our resources. In addition, the various aristocratic families, in order to make amends for their mistakes, will also need to hand over their accumulated medicinal pills and wealth to the national treasury for disaster relief and construction purposes. What do you think?" As soon as the Fourth opened his mouth, Gu Chensha secretly praised in his heart.

Making use of the remnant might of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's golden medallion to intimidate these aristocratic families, causing them to bleed profusely and replenish their coffers.

Gu Chensha knew that if the Devil Calamity broke out, countless people would die. At that time, there would definitely not be enough resources. Even if the Calming Immortal Department's Wish Trees grew quickly, they would not be able to make ends meet.

One had to know that the Tree of Wishes produced armors, weapons, pills, and all sorts of treasures. It was a waste of time and Yuan Qi. If the production was increased, the accumulation of the sphere would decrease, causing the advancement of the sphere to slow down. This was not worth it.

Moreover, with the current output of the Tree of Wishes, it was impossible to satisfy the needs of billions of people in the world. Moreover, the population would only increase in the future.

If the first wave of the Devil Calamity didn't wipe out the Calming Immortal Department, then the Calming Immortal Department would have absolute confidence that it would continue to grow. As long as it rose to become a dimensional realm, even the three Empyreans would have to think twice. This was because if they wanted to destroy a dimensional realm, they would have to withstand a final counterattack before they died. If a dimensional realm were to self-destruct, then even the three Empyreans would have to dread it.

After becoming a dimensional realm, it wouldn't be invincible, but it wouldn't be easy to exterminate it either.

"Our Celestial Designer Institute can provide resources. My Imperial Father originally wanted me to control the Celestial Designer Institute in order to deal with the demon calamity. To support the world and the imperial court is the Celestial Designer Institute's duty."

Gu Huan Sha said, "But for a newly established organization, our Celestial Designer Institute will also need someone to oversee it. Is that too much?"

"That's natural. As long as the Celestial Designer Institute provides resources, we can send someone over." Lou Baiyue nodded. She gave Gu Chensha a meaningful look.

Gu Chensha naturally understood. He turned around and said to the Deity Realm old ancestor of the Fan Family, Fan Bai, "Fan Bai, since His Imperial Majesty did not pursue the matter today, he only punished the two people from the Lei Family. He didn't kill them, just punished them to kneel at the entrance of the imperial court. Perhaps in the future, if the Lei Family redeems themselves in the Devil Calamity, they can be restored.

This time, the Fan Family must provide all kinds of wealth to help the imperial court fight against the demon calamity. This is a donation. What do you think? " Gu Chensha began to pressure the aristocratic families.

If the aristocratic families that were present today didn't bleed, then it would be too easy on them.

"What?"

As the number one old ancestor of the Fan Family, Fan Bai naturally wouldn't give in so easily. He had already calmed down from the initial shock. "His Imperial Majesty didn't punish us, and we didn't do anything wrong. Is the Calming Immortal Department trying to extort us Sages and True God aristocratic families?"

Among the aristocratic families present today were Fan Bai, Dharma Elephant Realm, Wu Pogong, Hong Blazing Pavilion, Yun Feixi, Wen Chidan, Jun Wanchou, and Extreme Thunder Origin, who was kneeling outside.

They were the Fan Family, the Legalist Family, the Wu Family, the Hong Family, the Yun Family, the Wen Family, the Military Family, and the Lei Family. These families were either Sage aristocratic families or True God aristocratic families. They practically controlled eighty percent of the world's strength.

Apart from these Sage aristocratic families, there were also many second-rate aristocratic families. Among these second-rate aristocratic families, there were Deity Realm experts, such as the Qian Family and a few other families. Of course, these second-rate aristocratic families didn't have Minor Chiliocosms. Their foundations were very shallow, so they didn't dare to get involved in the struggle of the imperial court this time.

Of course, there were a few True God aristocratic families and Sage aristocratic families that didn't come. They were all quietly observing the situation. For example, Nong Sheng's family and a few other ancient aristocratic families. These aristocratic families usually didn't fight. Instead, they would play it safe. Gu Chensha also didn't want to provoke these people.

However, the world's situation would only get more intense in the future. Perhaps these ancient aristocratic families would also appear.

If Gu Chensha had any plans for the future, he would suppress these Sage aristocratic families and True God aristocratic families that jumped out and make them bleed.

If he allowed these Sage aristocratic families to retreat unscathed, then everything the Calmness Immortal Department had done would be for naught. They wouldn't be able to ruthlessly intimidate these fellows with ulterior motives.

These Sage aristocratic families were trying to force the Emperor to abdicate in the imperial court, endangering the country. The Calmness Immortal Department definitely couldn't ignore this.

Of course, these aristocratic families definitely wouldn't compromise. They seemed to have discovered some bottom line of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. As long as they didn't cause too much trouble, some of the methods left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor wouldn't be used. Otherwise, Wu Dangkong would have long been imprisoned to death.

"Extortion?"

Gu Chensha's gaze swept over them one by one. "This term is really used to invert right and wrong. Fan Bai, I can't believe you actually said it. In that case, it seems that you aren't willing to donate to the national treasury. Instead, you want our Calmness Immortal Department to fine you? This is really a case of refusing a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit. "

"Your Calmness Immortal Department specializes in collecting taxes from the immortal dao." The Dharma Image Immortal said fiercely, "You actually want our aristocratic families to pay a fine this time? That's practically unheard of. " "It's not bad that the Calmness Immortal Department has some strength, but don't be too arrogant."

Killing intent flashed in Jun Wanchou's eyes. "This time, our aristocratic families came to the imperial court to uphold the law. Even though the Extreme Thunder Origin was somewhat inappropriate, it was still punished. Your Calmness Immortal Department still wants to take a yard after being given an inch. That's too much. Don't forget, you're also a junior. You're just relying on that minor chiliocosm.

We have the same minor chiliocosm as well. If your Calmness Immortal Department wants to humiliate our aristocratic families, then let's fight to the death! " "What do you mean fight to the death?"

Wu Pogong said, "You think too highly of the Calmness Immortal Department. Lord Dharma Saint has already returned, and our aristocratic families respect legalism. In the end, your Calmness Immortal Department is just a group of juniors. If we want to leave now, we can come and go as we please. Can your Calmness Immortal Department stop us? Unless your Calmness Immortal Department dares to attack our families and arrest us all? "

"My Grand Ardent Pavilion will be the first to not believe that the Calmness Immortal Department has such strength."

The Grand Ardent Pavilion didn't seem to want to tangle with the Calmness Immortal Department here. This time, their Hong Family didn't get the upper hand. Originally, they wanted to use the matter of Wu Dangkong to make the Calmness Immortal Department fight with Wu Dangkong, then support the Eighteenth Prince, Gu Hongsha, to ascend to the throne and obtain authority to manage the Hong Family. The Hong Family was the orthodoxy of the ancient Black Emperor. The ancient Black Emperor was the Water God.

He had also obtained the position of a true god. Unfortunately, he had been sealed and couldn't pass down any divine decrees.

"Brother Lie Xuan, you don't have to leave now."

The Dharma Image Realm seemed to have received some kind of guidance from the Dharma Saint. He hurriedly said, "There's still a good show to watch in the imperial court today. Our aristocratic families have also invested in the Clear Sky Chamber of Commerce. I want to see how the Calmness Immortal Department is going to confiscate our businesses." "Dharma Image Realm, you have received guidance from the Dharma Saint, right?"

Gu Chensha was perceptive and immediately saw through the trick. "It seems like you haven't learned your lesson from the Lei Family's fate. To think that you still want to interfere in the imperial court's affairs. Back then, when the Jing Family was in chaos, Jing Qiu contacted you everywhere. Your shadow was also involved. The Calmness Immortal Department's investigation has conclusive evidence. "