Chapter 611
===========

"It seems that it will take some time before I can break through this barrier. But I'm not in a hurry. This barrier is just a small node. For me, it won't cause much trouble." Zhuge Ya slowly withdrew his cultivation.

If other cultivators tried to break through to the God Realm, they would act as if they were facing a great enemy. But he was taking a leisurely stroll without any impatience. It was obvious that he didn't take this barrier seriously.

Indeed, the God Realm barrier was just a small obstacle for him. As long as he accumulated a little bit of strength, he could easily cross it.

His true barrier was the 36 Transformations of Free Embodiment Transformation. Once he broke through the Three Realms and reached the Empyrean Realm, he would no longer be in the Five Elements Sect. This was the real difficulty. Chang Weiyang was also stuck at this barrier. She hadn't made any progress for thousands of years. But Zhuge Ya was confident that he could break through this realm. He stood up and suddenly punched out.

Unexpectedly, the 72 layers of the Divine Continent appeared. Then, the diagram of the Divine Continent appeared in the dimensional realm.

At this time, under his control, the diagram of the Divine Continent was vivid and lifelike, constantly displaying the current changes. Bang bang bang bang …

Above the diagram of the Divine Continent, many places suddenly seemed to explode. There were faint flashes of light.

Zhuge Ya knew that these exploded places were where treasures had appeared. Every time there was a flash of light and destiny, it meant that someone had obtained a fortuitous encounter.

As long as it was in the Divine Continent, there would always be people who obtained fortuitous encounters. Whether it was an imperial court official, a common person, a member of the army, or even the disciples of the Calming Immortal Department, there were many who obtained fortuitous encounters.

Some of them obtained medicinal pills that cleansed their bodies. Some of them obtained treasures that allowed them to fight and kill, flying in the sky and burrowing into the ground. Some of them obtained sudden memories that allowed them to cultivate a peerless divine technique. Some of them were shone on by a mysterious light and their aptitude increased … There were too many of them to count.

Moreover, the speed at which these fortuitous encounters appeared was still increasing. It was becoming more and more intense.

No one could stop this situation. Even if the Calming Immortal Department cultivated a dimensional realm and controlled the world, there was nothing they could do. Zhuge Ya enlarged the diagram of the Divine Continent and suddenly pointed. The Yongchō Kingdom's Fate was revealed.

At the start, the Yongchō Nation Fate was at its peak. It was a golden color with pure white energy that shot into the sky.

In particular, the Celestial Pacification Bureau had forced the great aristocratic clans to reorganize the world. In the first three months, the hearts of the people in the imperial court were united, and the politics were clear. All kinds of policies were passed among the people, and they were carried out swiftly and decisively. There was basically no obstruction. At that time, Yongchō's Fate had reached an unprecedented peak.

And in the dimensional realm of the Calm Immortal Department, the power of oaths obtained was like a mountain or a sea, surging without end.

But as time passed, fortuitous encounters kept appearing in the Divine Central Continent, and those who obtained them inevitably grew ambitious.

As a result, the hearts of the people of the world gradually began to scatter, no longer as united as before.

There were also many people with different ambitions who were accumulating and brewing in the dark, preparing to take advantage of the situation to achieve their ambitions.

This was something that couldn't be helped. Although the Calming Immortal Department had brought about a trend of thought, it was impossible for everyone in the world to have the same mindset and ideals as the Calming Immortal Department. Even if they wanted to destroy the entire world, it would still be impossible.

Because this was simply the realm of 'all living beings are of one heart'. This was far more terrifying than 'the Sun and Moon Shine Together' or 'the Heavens and Earth Live Together'.

The thoughts of all living beings were different, and they could change at any time. Even those who had done good all their lives could suddenly have evil thoughts and become monsters.

And those who had done evil all their lives could also suddenly have good thoughts, find their conscience, and repent completely. The human heart was harder to fathom than the heavens. The heavens weren't high, but the human heart was the highest.

Even if the Calming Immortal Department cultivated the Greater Thousand Worlds, it would still be impossible for the officials and citizens of Yongchō to forever be loyal. This was even more so when fortuitous encounters were everywhere.

"With the eruption of fortuitous encounters, the hearts of the people are beginning to scatter. In a few years, I'm afraid that countless wild dragons and snakes will rise up, unable to suppress them, and they will slaughter each other. Even if there is no Devil Calamity, it will still be extremely terrifying."

Zhuge Ya shook his head, a look of worry on his face. "The only way is for our Calming Immortal Department to maintain our strength, intimidate the world, and slowly turn the situation around. The way of the world is to always forge ahead." Zhuge Ya fell into deep thought again.

At this moment, in Jiang Province, inside the cave of Fu Gui Mountain, in the tattered God Kingdom of Lu Shen, the True God Throne had already appeared. Daoist Ping Nan and Longevity God stared at the Deity Throne, their hearts determined to obtain it. Only Gu Chensha did not make a move.

He knew that the True God Throne was not a small matter, and it was still unknown who would obtain it in the end. There would definitely be countless powerful existences watching, and the earlier one jumped out, the easier it would be to become a target.

Moreover, Gu Chensha was not in a hurry. He believed that he could laugh until the end. Even if the True God Throne fell into the hands of others, he could use his Heavenly Dao Art to take it back.

Moreover, the battle for the True God Throne was extremely intense, and if he hid, he would have a lot of advantages. Rumble! Between heaven and earth, violent energy was everywhere. When Longevity God saw the Deity Throne, he knew that all his hopes were placed on it. If he obtained it, he would be able to become a Saint.

Even if he sat on it now, without refining the Deity Throne, as long as he obtained the orthodoxy, he would be able to achieve supreme cultivation.

His original intention was to find the orthodoxy of Lu Shen and obtain the cultivation method and principles of Lu Shen. Unexpectedly, the True God Throne was here, which was a pleasant surprise.

Although the power of the True God Throne could not compare to a Minor Chiliocosm, there were many mysteries that a Minor Chiliocosm could not compare to.

If a True God Throne could suppress one's world, the world would be unprecedentedly condensed, and the benefits would be indescribable.

Even the current medium-sized world of Calm Immortal Department could obtain great benefits if a True God Throne could suppress it.

Moreover, if Gu Chensha obtained the True God Throne, he could use it to suppress the Minor Divine Province and turn it into a Minor Chiliocosm.

Even if the Minor Divine Province devoured so many Immemorial God Weapons, it was still too early for it to become a Minor Chiliocosm.

However, as long as he obtained the True God Throne and suppressed it, Gu Chensha could activate the arrangements in the Martial Saint's Grotto-Heaven and completely absorb it, then he would be able to completely ascend. Kill! Longevity God threw a punch toward Daoist Tranquil Chaos.

As soon as this punch was thrown, heaven and earth changed, the sun and moon rotated, as if all the blessings and lifespan had been absorbed by this punch.

"What a good punch, the Dao of Longevity and Happiness, both blessings and longevity." Daoist Tranquil Chaos threw out a palm strike.

As soon as this palm strike was thrown, everything was reversed. No matter how the wind and waves rose, he could still sit on the fishing platform, turning the tide, quelling the turmoil, and bringing peace to the world. This was Daoist Tranquil Chaos's Tranquil Chaos Technique.

Daoist Tranquil Chaos was overflowing with talent. The Chaos Tranquil Sect he created was ranked seventy-third in the Immortal Path, only one rank away from becoming one of the seventy-two Immemorial Mystical Sects. This showed how strong he was.

The most important thing was that his Chaos Tranquil Sect had not yet cultivated into a Minor Chiliocosm. Once it did, it would basically be comparable to the seventy-two Immemorial Mystical Sects. This was his best chance.

If he obtained the True God Throne and turned his Chaos Tranquil Sect into a Minor Chiliocosm, he would have a great say in the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals. Wan Senshi would also have to pay attention to him.

On the surface, Chaos Tranquil Sect and Longevity God Sect had merged, but in fact, the struggle was even fiercer. Still, each of them went their own way.

In the past, Daoist Tranquil Chaos and Longevity God had been fighting endlessly. But now, in order to compete for the True God Throne, they had to fight desperately. Rumble!

The two powerful experts exchanged hundreds of blows here in an instant. Life and death changed, and the power of the world surged. But for Gu Chensha, this was just a small scene. He had seen the scene of Xing Qiongshi unleashing the 100th layer of the Divine Land. The full power of that punch was enough to kill an Empyrean. In front of this punch, what were Daoist Tranquil Chaos and Longevity God?

"Give me the True God Throne!"

In the fierce battle, Longevity God could not suppress Daoist Tranquil Chaos, but a smile appeared on his face. Suddenly, a talisman appeared on his body. This talisman was actually signed by the three True Gods.

As soon as this talisman appeared, the True God Throne was suddenly attracted and flew toward Longevity God. The huge momentum made Daoist Tranquil Chaos's face change, and he had to avoid it. Taking advantage of this opportunity, Longevity God sat on the throne of the True God.

Immediately, light flickered, and countless runes wrapped around Longevity God, seemingly conveying some kind of message to him. Obviously, the moment he sat on the True God Throne, he had already obtained the orthodoxy of Lu God. The moment he took out the talisman, no one expected him to have such a hidden method.

"This god is a bit cunning."

Gu Chensha still did not make a move. He observed in secret, "This Longevity God has some luck, and his attacks are sinister. Before, he used all kinds of means. Not to mention obtaining the orthodoxy of Lu God, it's still impossible for him to obtain the True God Throne." Sure enough.

Just as Longevity God sat on the True God Throne and accepted the orthodoxy's inheritance, a space-time crack suddenly opened in this tattered Divine Kingdom, and a person appeared.

This person was tall and thin, wearing armor, standing straight like a javelin, exuding endless majesty. When he saw Longevity God sitting on the True God Throne, his face changed, and he struck the void with his palm.

In an instant, an inexplicable force broke through the void. It was the power of a Minor Thousand World. Crackle! Unexpectedly, Longevity God was knocked down from his position as a True God by this palm.

"Profound Mountain Sect! Yue Ju! "

Longevity God looked at the incoming person and roared, "Your Profound Mountain Sect is one of the 72 Ancient Mysterious Sects, but it's ranked last, 72. These years, the number of talents has declined. Are you afraid that I will obtain the True God Throne and take away your sect's position? Yue Ju, if you didn't rely on the power of a Minor Thousand World, you are not my opponent."