Chapter 676
===========

"Everything I say is the truth."

Gu Chensha calmed down. His words seemed to contain some sort of magic that could convince anyone. "Lord Xing Qiongshi, if you think of us as enemies, then you are gravely mistaken. I know that you still want to swallow up the Divine Continent, and there are spells placed on it by my royal father. If you kill us, you might be able to break those spells and then proceed with your plan, right?" "That's right. Is there a problem with that?" Xing Qiongshi said noncommittally.

"If that's what you think, then you are gravely mistaken. You have fallen into the trap of the three Empyreans and there is a high chance that you will be killed again in the future.

At the very least, if you join forces with us, we have a very good reputation. We won't plot against our friends, "Gu Chensha said.

"I didn't think that Chang Weiyang and Dou Yiyu would fight for over a year and still not be able to determine a victor. They are fighting in the depths of the Severed Lands."

Xing Qiongshi looked deep into the void. But, even he couldn't see through the situation of the Severed Lands. It was a vast and endless land filled with layers upon layers of despair.

"The Lord is still waiting for this battle."

Gu Chensha said. "Many giants of the world are also waiting for this battle. But, even if the outcome of this battle is disadvantageous to our Calmness Immortal Division, it won't change anything. Could it be that you think that without Headmaster Chang Weiyang, the Lord can attack our Calmness Immortal Division and seize our dimensional realm?" "I can try."

Xing Qiongshi's tone was cold. "I have already taken root here and sooner or later I will absorb the source of your dimensional realm. If Chang Weiyang returns then she can completely drive me out.

But if Chang Weiyang perishes then your Calmness Immortal Division will suffer both internal and external troubles. At that time, I can take advantage of this opportunity to swallow you all up and take control of this dimensional realm. This should also be the result that you have already expected. " Xing Qiongshi spoke bluntly.

"It seems that I still can't change your mind."

Gu Chensha frowned. His best result would be to persuade Xingqiong Clan and have Xingqiong Clan take the initiative to assimilate into the Central Divine Prefecture for the sake of the Divine Prefecture's one hundred levels. That way, he would be able to achieve something that no one in history could compare to. It would be equivalent to sacrificing Xingqiong Clan to the Central Divine Prefecture.

Xing Qiong Shi might really be able to cultivate the 100th stage of the Great Divine Prefecture Technique. This was a win-win situation for both sides, and it was definitely not Gu Chensha trying to trick them. However, Xing Qiong refused to believe it. He didn't have the guts to gamble. Unable to give up something. In Gu Chensha's opinion, the Xing Qiong Clan would most likely find it hard to break through. Of course, there was no need for him to break through to the next level to stand at the peak.

"Let's continue waiting. You're going to deal with Wan Senshi, so I won't be doing anything for now. I'll just watch from here."

Xing Qiong Clan was extremely cunning. "With your current cultivation and the power of a dimensional realm, you won't be at a disadvantage in a battle of wits and courage against me. I'm sure you'll be able to fight against Wan Senshi as well. How about this? If you can fight against Wan Senshi for a while and rescue Yuhuan Lu, I'll join forces with you to deal with the demons."

Xing Qiong Clan could tell that even though Wan Senshi had captured Yuhuan Lu, the greatest threat to the Central Divine Prefecture was still not him, but the demons.

Only when the demons attacked the Central Divine Prefecture would Wan Senshi act. He would be borrowing the momentum of the battle between the demons and spirits.

"It's too obvious that you're trying to reap the benefits of others."

Gu Chensha's eyes flashed as he looked at Xing Qiong Clan for a long time. "Since that's the case, I'll show you that I can deal with Wan Senshi without your help." As he spoke, Gu Chensha's entire body vanished.

A playful smile appeared on Xing Qiong Clan's face, but he remained motionless. His will was slowly observing the Regal Medallion floating in the air. As long as the medallion didn't change, he wouldn't dare act rashly.

Over the past year, he'd tried to pry into the medallion's secrets. Alas, the difference between their levels was too great, and he'd gained very little.

However, he could sense that this medallion was a supreme treasure that surpassed the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, the Primitive Dragon Gate, and even the Grandmist Tree. It was just that the medallion hadn't released its true power yet.

If it had released its full power, the Celestial Calmness Department would have long since suppressed countless powerful existences, and the world wouldn't be filled with demons.

"If I can refine this treasure …" Xing Qiong Clan's heart was slightly moved. "I don't know where the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor came from or where he went. He's currently tangled with the Heavenly Daos. If he's at a disadvantage, there will definitely be problems with the medallion. At that time, that will be my chance. That Dharma Saint is also waiting for such an opportunity. That's why he tried to rope in Wu Dangkong, and even gave control of the dimensional realm to her. He was waiting for the Heavenly Daos to change, and then he could seize the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman.

I had the same idea in the beginning, but because I was injured, the Dharma Saint took over, and Wu Dangkong broke free from my control. "

Xing Qiong Clan also wanted the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman. Originally, it was impossible for his plan to fail on Wu Dangkong's body. However, in order to destroy the Martial Saint's Paradise with one punch, he'd forcefully activated the Divine Prefecture Great Art's one hundred layers, which resulted in the backlash from the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's forbidden technique. He only recovered now, which gave the Dharma Saint an opportunity. He had no choice but to break through the Regal Medallion. He was waiting for an opportunity.

At this time, Gu Chensha had already changed continuously. He came out of his dimensional world and came to the Frigid Snow Region at the edge of the Eastern Wasteland. He saw that the New Divine Prefecture was still operating.

"This person's luck has come. It's time to harvest. The True God positions of God of Fortune and God of Longevity are about to be obtained by him. My painstaking plan has finally paid off. When I obtain the True God positions of God of Fortune and God of Longevity, I can use the supreme summoning technique to obtain the True God position of God of Fortune and God of Longevity from Jing Qiu. At that time, God of Fortune, God of Longevity and God of Fortune will become one. I can use the Heavenly Law to refine these three positions and fuse them into my body. I'm afraid I can break through to the God Realm with just a thought."

Gu Chensha had been planning on God of Fortune for a long time. Now, one of his incarnations, Ghost Weep, was running a country in God of Fortune's dimensional world, gathering faith for God of Fortune and God of Longevity. With his methods, he naturally did a good job and had now gained God of Fortune's trust.

As for God of Fortune, he was an existence with great luck. Some big shots evaluated him as Little The Great Spirit God. From this, it could be seen that this person was cunning and insidious.

In the era of the Divine Prefecture's Central Land, God of Fortune and Life would certainly have a great fortuitous encounter.

It was very likely that he would obtain the True God positions of God of Fortune, God of Longevity and God of Fortune.

Of course, now that the True God position of God of Fortune was in Jing Qiu's hands, it was the Dharma Saint's plan. Jing Qiu had already cultivated to the God Realm, and holding the True God position was like adding wings to a tiger.

Gu Chensha activated the Qi Observation Technique and could see that in the distant desert, the Holy Samar Empire, far away from the Divine Prefecture, was constantly expanding. Not only was the population skyrocketing, the atmosphere was blazing, and the luck was changing with each passing day. It seemed that Jing Qiu was using his magical power to plunder people everywhere with Jing Fanxing.

Of course, Jing Qiu still did not dare to plunder the people of the Yongchō in the Divine Prefecture, but the Endless World was so vast that even someone like Wan Senshi could not fully explore it. In some of the desolate lands, there were many human settlements, and even some countries. For example, outside the Deep Cold Snow Region, there was a vast land where empires also existed. In addition, in the depths of the desert, after passing through the desert, there were also unknown continents that had large numbers of people living on them.

Ever since Gu Chensha had cultivated the Twenty-Seven Changes "Seamless Two Realms", he could tear through space and teleport. He knew that in many distant lands, there were definitely empires more powerful than the Great Wei Dynasty. It was just that they were too far away, and there was no chance for them to come into contact with the Divine Prefecture.

For example, there were some continents that even God Realm experts had to travel for a year or even several years to reach. Ordinary experts would never be able to travel there in their entire lives. This was how vast the Land of Infinity was.

"Jing Qiu is very ambitious. In the past year, he has been constantly accumulating his strength, contacting various parties, and raising his cultivation base. He has been very busy."

Gu Chensha retracted his gaze. "Xing Qiongshi has been waiting in my dimensional realm for a chance to plot something big. He is a great scourge. I've drawn him in, and there are both advantages and disadvantages. I might as well fight him. First I'll plot against the Longevity God, and then I'll plot against Jing Qiu. In addition, Xing Qiongshi said that the position of True God of the Five Seasons might not be in Dou Yiyu's hands. It might even be in his hands, and he's just lying to me. What's true and what's false, what's true and what's false, none of this can be hidden from me. I've been planning for so long, and now it's time to reap the harvest.

And that Martial Emperor has been resurrected, and with Wan Senshi's help, it's time to reap the harvest.

In the past year, I've reformed the teachings of the Buddhist Sect, and it has become a culture. The Buddhist Sect has also received great benefits, and the Paramita Golden Mountain has been nourished, and its strength should be starting to recover. With the help of the Buddhist Sect, I'll be able to scam Wan Senshi once more. " With that in mind, Gu Chensha's body moved, and he snuck into the 'New Divine Land'.

"Wan Senshi, oh Wan Senshi, since you dared to capture Yuhuan Lu, you'll have to pay a price that's tens of times, or even hundreds of times more. Your investment in Martial Emperor far exceeds that of that Sky Melody Dragon Zither. "

The moment Gu Chensha entered the New Divine Land, he saw that Yuhuan Lu was still tied up on the golden zither in the center of the New Divine Land.

But after such a long time, Yuhuan Lu seemed to have started to fuse with the Sky Melody Dragon Zither, and her cultivation base was rising steadily. Given time, she might be able to become one with the zither.

However, even if she became one with the zither, she would not be able to escape Wan Senshi's clutches.

Gu Chensha's heart was extremely cold, and his hatred for Wan Senshi intensified. He would definitely make that person pay the price. If he had the chance, he would definitely capture Wan Senshi as well and let him taste this kind of humiliation.

This giant that had suddenly appeared was directly targeting the Tranquil Immortal Department. Gu Chensha needed to face them head-on.