Chapter 803
===========

"Xingqiongshi, this is a new body that I've created for you. I used my methods and wisdom to refine this innate spirit body from the primordial chaos. It's like a living being that was born from the primordial chaos of the primordial era. Although I've taken away your original body and all your cultivation base and divine abilities, I've also freed you from your original shackles and allowed you to be reborn. Now, I'll fuse my bloodline into it. After you're reborn, you'll be called Gu Xingqiong." Gu Chensha watched as Xingqiongshi's will entered the new body and spoke.

The newly born Xingqiongshi opened his eyes. "Gu Chensha, you actually took away all my cultivation base? I was originally at the Celestial Longevity Realm, and my body was the number one under the heavens. Now, I've lost all my cultivation base and divine abilities. I'm just an ordinary person now, not even at the Dao Realm. You've beaten me down to the mundane world. Do you want me to work for you? " "It's up to you whether you want to work for me or not."

Gu Chensha had basically taken away all of Xingqiongshi's cultivation base, turning him into an ordinary person. However, his talent was good, and he had innate spirituality. Plus, he still had his memories, so his cultivation speed was extremely fast. "All of your cultivation base is actually filled with a fiendish nature and a type of sin. Right now, I have to erase all of that sin. Only then can you truly surpass the Celestial Longevity Realm and reach the Celestial Origin Realm. Understand?"

"Gu Chensha, you're afraid that my will residing in the Divine Prefecture Gourd will threaten your creation of magical treasures, aren't you?"

Xingqiongshi laughed coldly. "Now that you've removed my will, you've truly gained control of the Divine Prefecture Gourd. There's no longer any threat. This Divine Prefecture Gourd uses my original body as its foundation. After absorbing the Inexhaustible Cauldron and Inexhaustible Umbrella, it'll definitely have unparalleled accomplishments in the future. I can already tell that you'll be absorbing other Inexhaustible treasures." "Not bad."

Gu Chensha nodded. "Xing Qiongshi, if you're willing to stay with the Calming Immortal Department, I won't chase you away. You can stay here and cultivate in peace. The Calming Immortal Department will provide you with all the resources you need. With your memories, you'll be able to cultivate to a very high level very quickly. Of course, you've never been truly weak since you were born. I'll let you cultivate from the beginning. It's to help you solidify your foundation, which is very beneficial to your cultivation. " "In any case, no matter what you say, I will definitely take revenge." Xing Qiong Shi said.

"Take him away."

Gu Chensha waved his hand and said to Heavenly Lord Martial Saint, "Mister Martial Saint, I'll leave this Gu Xingqiong to you. Let him cultivate together with the Martial Monarch."

"I'll keep an eye on this matter. Xing Qiongshi is a domineering existence. Even though he's just a reincarnated will, his cultivation speed is far faster than the reincarnations of countless old-timers."

Heavenly Lord Martial Saint nodded. "I know what you mean, Minister. I'll teach these two well. I'll even pay attention to Fa Wuxian. Although they've lost their treasures, their destiny is still there. Perhaps when the world changes, they'll undergo all sorts of incredible transformations." "That would be for the best."

Gu Chensha rose to his feet. "I'm going to go have a chat with that Primal-Chaos Grand Emperor. What ability does that little emperor of a kingdom outside of civilization have to have the guts to call himself Primal-Chaos Grand Emperor? That title can only be supported by destiny. Otherwise, he'll be dead." "Primal-Chaos Grand Emperors aren't a match for you, Minister."

Heavenly Lord Martial Saint laughed. "That guy talks big, but he's only at the Heavenly Longevity Realm. Add in the destiny of the Burning Empire, and that's why he calls himself Primal-Chaos Grand Emperor. However, he doesn't control the Central Divine Prefecture, so he's just a king of grass. He's nothing special."

"Thanks to the workings of the heavens, he came from the future and reincarnated into the present. He can't be underestimated."

Gu Chensha said, "However, I can subdue his seven treasures and refine them into the Divine Prefecture Gourd. In this way, the Divine Prefecture Gourd's power will be comparable to the Desolate Dragon Sect's Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. The Primordial Chaos Tree. " As he spoke, Gu Chensha's body disappeared. He'd locked onto the Primal-Chaos Grand Emperor's position. In truth, the Primal-Chaos Grand Emperor's true name was World Incineration. When he'd first descended into the world, he'd had the momentum to incinerate all worlds.

Gu Chensha moved with incredible speed. In the blink of an eye, he'd left the Central Divine Prefecture and even the Wildlands.

The Incineration Continent was beyond the Wildlands. There were mountains of flame and lava everywhere, stretching as far as the eye could see. Even birds would find it difficult to cross.

After passing through these mountains of flames and seas of lava, one would arrive at the Land of Dense Fog. It was unknown how many trillions of miles in circumference it was completely shrouded in dense fog, and the magnetic field was extremely chaotic. Once one entered the fog, one wouldn't be able to see the sky above or the earth below. Everything was upside down, and it was unknown how many experts had been trapped in the fog, and eventually died.

After passing the Zone of Mist, there was a chain of mountains, a barrier of hundreds of millions of kilometers. Then, after passing through countless mountains, he reached the Zone of Hurricanes.

Countless hurricanes swept about, accompanied by spatial tears that covered countless layers of space.

Then he continued onward, passing through enormous oceans, lightning regions, poison swamps, and dozens of other continents before he reached the Incineration Continent. Basically, even gods wouldn't be able to fly from the Central Divine Prefecture to the Incineration Continent without hundreds of years. This was because there were many spatial barriers and space-time mists in between. But Gu Chensha didn't care about that.

His cultivation base and battle prowess were already above the Heavenly Longevity Realm. In a one-on-one fight, the Great Spirit God, who had devoured the Voodoo Ancestor and the Primordial Heart Devil, was the strongest of the Heavenly Longevity Realm. And yet, he still wasn't a match for Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha had already gained enlightenment of the Dao of the Emperor Of Heaven in battle. He had taken the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art a step further, combining the Dao of Heaven Mending and the Dao of Heaven Reformation into his fist technique. By fusing the two daos into the Dao of the Emperor Of Heaven, he had gained enlightenment of both. His fist technique was unpredictable, and he could slay Saints and Gods with a single thought. His speed had reached a point where he could ignore distance and space-time. In just a few hours, he had arrived at the Incineration Continent.

The Incineration Continent was extremely vast, with magnificent mountains and rivers, a pleasant climate, and fertile soil. Legend had it that in ancient times, an enormous mountain of chaos had descended from the sky and burned to nothing, turning into dust that covered the land. Finally, the dust settled and formed a thick crust, which was how the Incineration Continent came to be.

Gu Chensha landed directly in the capital of the continent. The capital was built entirely of enormous stone, and it was flat and smooth. Although it couldn't compare to the old capital of the Central Plains, it was still very prosperous. However, compared to the Central Plains, it still had the feel of an ancient dynasty.

The Central Plains was now filled with skyscrapers, airships flying about in the sky, trains rumbling along the ground, and teleportation portals coming and going. It was like a scene from the heyday of mechanical civilization.

That was why the Great Burning Empire had hundreds of billions of people on the Incineration Continent, but it didn't even have a tenth of the destiny of the Central Plains' Yongchō.

Aside from that, the Dao Realm experts of the entire Imperial Court were far inferior to the Yongchō.

If the two countries went to war, the Yongchō could destroy the Great Burning Empire hundreds of times over without batting an eye.

It had to be said that the Central Plains' fortuitous encounters had been going on for more than a decade, and countless people had obtained ancient treasures and pills. Even farmers could obtain immortal treasures just by farming. Moreover, Gu Chensha had fused the Dragon Raising Technique into the Human Dragon Fist, which was unpredictable and could improve one's talent. The Great Burning Empire didn't have this advantage.

As he walked along the streets, he saw all sorts of wanderers galloping about on horseback. Taverns and brothels were bustling with activity, and music and dance could bewitch the hearts of the people. It was a bustling world.

In comparison, the Central Plains' pace was too fast. Everyone was bitterly cultivating and fighting the demons, while life here was slow and comfortable. It was the ideal ancient dynasty. Gu Chensha had a different style.

The current Central Plains had actually broken away from the ancient dynasty civilization model. Instead, it was a combination of immortal dao civilization and prehistoric mechanical technology civilization. This was what Heavenly Talisman needed.

"Heavenly Talisman 36 years, the calamity is coming. I think this Burning World will think of a way to increase the country's strength. He can continuously extract treasures and pills from the chaos to increase the quality and strength of the people. The power of worship will also increase greatly.

I think he's collecting Endless Treasures for the same reason. Endless Treasures can use the power of the Heaven Realm, allowing the extraction of materials from the chaos to be faster. "

Gu Chensha's Divine Will spread out slightly, and he had already grasped the aura of Burning World, who called himself Chaos Emperor. At that moment, Burning World was in the capital city's palace. He was still covered in the Endless Armor, and no one could see his true appearance.

His six subordinates were three men and three women: Endless Needle, Pill, Brush, Gong, Tree, and Book.

They all stood under the Emperor's throne. Apart from them, there were a few eunuchs and cabinet ministers.

"Your Majesty, you came back to strengthen the country's luck."

A cabinet minister walked up and reported, "I've already written a report with a few clumsy suggestions."

This cabinet minister was a middle-aged man who gave off an elegant aura. However, his cultivation was actually at the God Realm! A God Realm expert.

He was also at the Dao Realm 32 Transformations, One Thought Connecting to Heaven. He was just a step away from becoming a Saint, but his talent hadn't been able to break through.

"I went to the Central Plains, the center of the 10,000 worlds. I saw the Yongchō Court that now occupies the Central Plains. It was shocking. Although the Yongchō's population is less than a tenth of ours, their luck is dozens of times more than ours. Their overall talent far exceeds our numbers."

The Burning of All Worlds let out a shrill voice. "The Divine Central Continent is indeed the center of all worlds. Even though our Burning of All Worlds is extremely fertile, it can't compare to the Divine Central Continent. So, we must occupy it. The great calamity is upon us, and whoever can occupy it will have the upper hand." .....