Chapter 1053
============

High-Level Promotion

That was the highest meeting of the elders of the Arcane Kingdom. All of them had reached tens of thousands of arcane level, they could be called ancestors, and some of them were infinitely close to the realm of heaven. Once the arcane level reached 100,000, it was the realm of heaven.

"Joseph, your arcane level is about to break through to 100,000. You're the highest figure among us. You can see the Arcane Network very clearly. What do you think our Arcane Kingdom and even the Arcane Continent should do in the future? What's our fate?"

At that moment, an elder with more than 70,000 stars asked another elder with more than 90,000 stars. The elder with more than 90,000 stars was Joseph, his white beard was dragging to the ground.

"I can't see the future clearly, but I know that our elders and the Supreme Council's control over the Arcane Kingdom is getting weaker and weaker. Recently, I've felt that many powerful forces have entered the Arcane Kingdom. There are even other universes, masters in the realm of heaven, who sacrificed their own universes to gain the recognition of the Arcane Network, so that they themselves have become arcanists above 100,000." Joseph, whose white beard was dragging to the ground, said.

"That is to say, there are arcanists who haven't been enthroned in the Arcane Guild, and there are masters in the realm of heaven? Will there be more and more of them now? "

A few arcane elders said, "Our top priority is to quickly improve our arcane level, otherwise those powerful figures will certainly seize power. By that time, I'm afraid we'll all die without a burial place. We've ruled the Arcane Kingdom for so many years."

"It's extremely difficult to reach the realm of heaven and make our arcane level reach more than 100,000, unless we can get a huge universe to sacrifice.

But that's a very cruel thing, the power of our arcane magic ultimately depends on our own mind power. "Joseph said," Legend has it that there's a new world that also relies on mind power to exert its own power.

That new world is extremely huge, much bigger than the giant universe that exists in our Arcane World. It's full of people who have awakened their mind power. If we can plunder a lot of talents from there and become our arcanists, then the Arcane Network will completely favor us. " "Well said." Just as these Arcana Masters were talking, a voice rang out.

"Who is it?!" Joseph furiously activated an Arcana Technique. "Arcana Technique, seal! Arcana Technique, appear!"

Even his Arcana Technique, which was close to a rank of 100,000, was completely useless. It was as if his Arcana Techniques had lost their effectiveness. Then, Gu Chensha appeared in front of him.

"Everyone, you've just talked about the new world. I'm the Lord of the new world, the first person to awaken his soul, Gu Chensha. Your Arcane Kingdom is about to usher in a catastrophe. I'm here to save you, "Gu Chensha said.

"The Lord of a New World."

When all of the Elders saw Gu Chensha, they immediately banded together and prepared to unleash their own Arcana Techniques in an attempt to suppress Gu Chensha.

"Arcana Technique, Seamless Fate."

At that moment, Gu Chensha activated an arcane spell. That arcane spell had never appeared in the Arcane Kingdom. It was created by Gu Chensha himself. It was to continuously reveal the fate of all the creatures in the Arcane Kingdom and even the Arcane Network.

Seamless meant that it was uninterrupted. That was to show all the fate lines from birth to the end without missing anything.

"If your Arcana Techniques are in the tens of thousands, the Arcana Techniques in the Realm of Heaven Path are more than 100,000, and the entire Arcane Network is in the Realm of Heaven Path, but its Arcana Techniques are about 100 million, and it's still expanding. It's a wonder, it's a thousand times the power of the Realm of Heaven Path. Of course, a thousand times the Realm of Heaven Path is still the Realm of Heaven Path."

Gu Chensha activated the Seamless Fate Arcana Technique, all the arcane elders couldn't move, they could only watch the changes in the fate of the Arcane Kingdom and the Arcane Land.

"If you want to forcibly calculate my Arcana Techniques in terms of numbers, it's about quadrillion, because the Realm of Heaven Path is the peak in the old world, and the Immortal Realm is actually something in the new world. There's no Immortal Realm in the old world, not to mention the realm above the Immortal Realm, there's no Immortal Realm."

Gu Chensha said again, "Everyone, your giant universe is a confrontation between Fa Wuxian and the will of hundreds of trillions of universes. The Big Bang occurred, millions of universes gathered together and formed your giant universe. In this giant universe, there's the Arcane Continent, the Immortal Continent, the Giant Continent, the Dragon Continent, the Devil Continent, the Technology Continent, even the Magic Continent, the Orc Continent, and even the Dead Soul Continent … But, the Arcane Continent is the most promising one. In the future, it'll definitely unify the giant universe and conquer all the continents. Your political ideas and foundations are good, very interesting. But now, because of the Immortal Gourd that Fa Wuxian transformed, many masters have entered the Arcane Kingdom. You've also felt that for the Arcane Network, as long as it keeps increasing its power, it doesn't matter. And you'll be completely abandoned. Now I'm here to save you. " Whoosh!

An Arcane Robe appeared on Gu Chensha's body. His Arcane Robe was engraved with countless Milky Ways. Each Milky Way had countless twinkling stars. Upon closer inspection, each star was real, and there were countless creatures living within it. These creatures seemed to be using Arcane Techniques and learning Arcane Techniques.

"How is that possible?" All the elders' eyes almost popped out.

"Why is it impossible? I'm the Lord of the new world. It can even be said that the hundreds of trillions of universes that constitute the human world were all created by me. I'm the King of Inconceivable. My power can destroy the Arcane Kingdom, the Arcane Continent, and the Arcane Network tens of millions of times."

Gu Chensha said, "I'm here to help you. Why are you so hostile to me? For me, the Arcane Kingdom and the Arcane Network aren't worth stealing. We, the new world, never steal any power from the outside, we only contribute our own power."

"Great Being, your power is indeed hundreds of millions of times greater than our universe and continent. Please retract your magic power." At that time, Joseph smiled bitterly, "What do you need me to do? Our power is insignificant in front of you. Why did you come here?

Your behavior is like a giant dragon turning into an ant and playing in the ant's nest. It doesn't make sense. "

"Now many giant dragons have turned into ants and entered the ant's nest. I'm here to capture these giant dragons."

Gu Chensha said, "You're in a dangerous situation now. You'll be destroyed at any time because of the battle with the giant dragons."

"Then what can you do to improve our power?" At that time, Joseph, the strongest elder, said the most critical words.

"It's very simple. Your power is actually in your own mind."

Gu Chensha sighed. "The power of an Arcana Technique originates from one's own heart. One can use one's heart to activate the various elements in the universe and combine them together to form an incredible variety of Arcana Techniques.

But although you've awakened the power in the depths of your heart, it's still not enough. It's not thorough. It's like a pipe. If there are impurities in it, the water will flow slowly. If you can dredge the pipe, or even expand the pipe, then the power will increase by dozens of times. I'll now pass on some of the new world's experience to you … " Gu Chensha didn't give these people power, but he taught them experience. In terms of using their own mind power, they were still children. Buzz … Sure enough, countless powers kept surging out. Swish swish swish …

These doyens received Gu Chensha's experience and gradually entered a state of meditation. During this process, many impurities in their hearts were cleared out, and even more spirit force gushed out like tidal waves.

If it could be said that in the past, their arcana energy was like a small stream flowing out from the depths of their hearts. But now, their arcana energy was like the opening of a dam, releasing a flood. The rumbling of their spirit energy shook the heavens and the earth.

"I've finally broken through …"

Joseph let out a long howl as tens of thousands of stars appeared on his Arcana Magical Robe. That was a total of eighteen stars, double the amount he had before. He was now in the Heaven-Dao level, and had even more to spare.

As for the other elders, they all broke through to the Way of Heaven Realm, and the stars on their Arcane Magic Robes also doubled, and some even multiplied by several times.

"Breaking through is this simple?"

These Arcane Magic Elders' impression of Gu Chensha was even more unfathomable. Although they had reached the Way of Heaven Realm and their power had increased many times compared to before, the more powerful they were, the weaker they felt in front of Gu Chensha.

"Do you feel that the Arcane Network is much closer to you now, and your control power has greatly increased?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Thank you, teacher. From now on, you're our teacher."

Joseph and others bowed deeply to Gu Chensha, and then stood up respectfully, "We're willing to change the structure of the Empire, and we'll honor you as the Eternal Emperor of the Arcane Kingdom."