Chapter 326
===========

"The third volume of the Eternal Heaven Book has been lost but I suspect that it is deep within the chaotic space currents." Jin Suibo said, "Our Common People's Wish Ball has the ability to break through space."

"Right, logically speaking, only when one reaches the 27 World Seamless Dao Realm can one break through space."

Zhuge Ya said, "But now that the ball is formed so mysteriously, as long as we use up some of our powers, we can use the ability to open up space."

"The Heaven Demon Book itself is a god-like existence. We can slowly activate our instincts and it will become our treasure." Lou Baiyue said.

The few of them continued to refine it. At the same time, they used the ball to raise their own cultivation and to change the veins in the area.

With the ball, they absorbed all sorts of void souls, spiritual energy, and celestial energy. The speed at which they absorbed increased by 1,000 times.

Especially under Zhuge Ya's refinement, the 360 Common People's God Generals all reached the 15 or 16 Dao Realm Transformations.

If a period of time passed, the Common People's God General would even be able to reach the 18 Great Dao Realm Golden Core Realm.

If that was the case, Jingxian Division would have 360 Golden Core Dao experts, which would probably exceed many celestial sects.

Moreover, this Common People's God General was really mysterious. It was a combination of the Son of Heaven Sealing Technique and the Great Massacre God Technique. It was also the strongest combination of Gu Chensha's Common People's Heaven Mending Technique and Lou Baiyue's Common People's Heaven Reforming Technique.

The Common People's God General that was created from the merger of these two techniques had more potential than the Human Fusion Puppet. Moreover, this puppet had Zhuge Ya's calculations to make up for its weaknesses.

In the Tranquil Immortal Department, the current number one expert was undoubtedly Zhuge Ya. Even the Black Tortoise baby had to concede defeat to him. As for the Vermillion Bird baby, it hadn't grown up and was really weak now.

Luckily, Lou Baiyue had broken through and cultivated to the 19 Transformation, Size Manipulation. She was just a step away from the 20 Transformation, Gathering and Scattering Impermanence.

As for Jin Suibo, he was already at the 21 Transformation, Body Five Element. He was about to break through to the 22 Transformation, Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth. However, he was no match for Zhuge Ya.

As for the Fourth, he had long since mastered the 18 Transformations of the Great Path Jindan. However, because he was cultivating a secret technique, he had been stuck at this stage for a long time. He had yet to break through, but he was in no hurry.

"The five of you, quickly go and assist His Highness."

Zhuge Ya looked at Liu Yu and the other four. "The five of you were supposed to lead the troops to patrol the borders of the feudal land to prevent the Demonic Barbarians from invading. However, there is no longer a need for that anymore. This ball of People's Wish can completely stop the Demonic and Barbarian armies. " "Yes!"

Liu Yu and the other four were very pleased with themselves. They were about to try out their new divine abilities to kill the monsters.

"This is a concealment rune. You have to enter the Ghost-God's Touch tree without making a sound. Then, Lord Chen will be able to enter the Demon Realm and slaughter the fiends."

Zhuge Ya moved his finger, and a stream of magic power condensed into a rune. "This rune also contains my magic power, the Divine Blood of the Five Seasons, and the laws of the Vermillion Bird and Black Tortoise. Cultivate this rune in the tree. When the time comes, I will give those who are spying on it a surprise."

"We will definitely not disappoint you." The five of them took the rune. With a slight movement, the hidden rune disappeared.

"With the Divine Blood of the Five Seasons, the laws of the Vermillion Bird and Black Tortoise, and your magic power, the evolution of the tree will probably accelerate," Lou Baiyue said.

"That's right. That is what I want."

Zhuge Ya was not happy at all. Instead, he seemed to have sensed something and was very worried. "Since ancient times, when the world was in chaos, there were always internal troubles and then external troubles. The external troubles were the barbarians' invasion and the fiends' rampage. Now, we have suppressed them.

But the internal troubles are very serious. First, Gu Tanjian formed the National Fortune Party and roped in many princes. Then, Wu Dangkong's Scenic Martial Chamber of Commerce contacted the aristocratic families and the Black Heaven Earth Sect. Then, the Second Prince has returned, and the Hong Yun Games have begun to stir up trouble.

"The aristocratic families, the Immortal Dao, and the factions are all internal troubles. Pull one hair, and the whole body will be affected. "

Lou Baiyue said, "These people don't care about the big picture. For their own interests, they do not hesitate to harm the world. They must be eliminated."

"It's still impossible for us to eradicate them now. These people all have powerful forces supporting them. Gu Shengjian's backer is the Titan God and the inheritor of ancient witchcraft. Other than that, there's also an extremely mysterious force.

And I have more or less deduced the background of the Ancient Black Sand. It should be related to the three Heavenly Venerables, "Zhuge Ya said.

"The three Heavenly Venerables?

These three undying old fellows will definitely interfere. But although they are the leaders of the Immortal Dao Mystic Sects in name, each of the 72 Mystic Sects has their own little plans. They are simply obeying the orders of the three Heavenly Venerables. "

Jin Suibo laughed coldly. "These three Heavenly Venerables are not good people. Of course, they have a great suppressive force. If they are really cultivating the Second Prince, it will be difficult for us to deal with them."

"It is indeed difficult to deal with. Even if I become a Saint, I can do nothing to the three Heavenly Venerables. These three Heavenly Venerables are the teachers of the Emperor. They have existed since the Great Desolate Era. They have comprehended the mysteries of heaven and earth, broken through the Three Realms and Five Elements, and have surpassed the Thirty-six Transformations."

Zhuge Ya said, "Their cultivation is even above that of a Saint. Apart from the Emperor who can suppress them, no one in the world can do anything to these three Heavenly Venerables." "What about the Xing Qiong Clan?" The Fourth suddenly asked.

"If the Divine Prefecture's Most Vicious was at his peak, he could indeed defeat the three Heavenly Venerables. Unfortunately, he was split by someone. Even if he recovered, he could not return to his former state. And the three Heavenly Venerables are much stronger than they were."

Zhuge Ya said, "If the Divine Prefecture's Most Vicious were to come out now, I'm afraid he would not be able to escape the fate of being suppressed.

Moreover, after so many years, the vitality of the Divine Prefecture's Most Vicious has been greatly reduced.

It is very likely that the three Heavenly Venerables came out to refine the remains of the Divine Prefecture's Most Vicious. That is also a supreme artifact that can shake the heavens and earth. " "The Jade Kingdom must be sealed, especially at the bottom of the sea."

Lou Baiyue suddenly said, "The head of the Divine Prefecture's Most Vicious is sealed below, suppressed under the jade mountains. Now that the seal has loosened, the most important thing is that Wu Dangkong may have obtained the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman. If she goes to the bottom of the sea and uses the Jade Melting Spell to refine those jade mountains, then the Divine Prefecture's Most Vicious can be released." "That is also within my consideration."

Zhuge Ya smiled. "Right now, we are still a bit weak, so we need to borrow power. If we can obtain the head of the Divine Prefecture's Most Vicious, then we can use it to power the Common People's Wish sphere." "The Divine Prefecture's Most Vicious seems to be indestructible."

The Fourth frowned. "Rumor has it that back then, no matter how hard he tried, he couldn't kill him. In the end, he split his body and suppressed it in all directions." "It doesn't matter if he can't be killed."

Zhuge Ya said, "Back then, it was the previous Lord of Seven Stars who schemed to split him. As the current Lord of Seven Stars, it is still possible for me to deal with his head.

I have decided to obtain the Peerless Heavenly Tome and Eternal Heavenly Tome, fuse them into one, and refine the North Star Will. I'm afraid I will have to borrow the power of the Divine Prefecture's Most Vicious to do this. With the fiendish aura of his head, we can completely subdue these things. " "It's up to you, Sir."

Lou Baiyue gazed at the Common People's Wish sphere. "This treasure is destined to shake the world. It will become the most supreme of all treasures."

"Of course. The number one treasure of the Wilderness is the Wilderness Dragon Gate, and the number one treasure of the Middle Ages is the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman. In the future, I hope that the number one treasure will be our Common People's Wish sphere. " Zhuge Ya's words shocked everyone. Who would have guessed that Zhuge Ya's ambitions were so great?

To refine this treasure would be on par with the Wilderness Dragon Gate and the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman. Right now, this plan was nothing more than a pipe dream. Bang!

As they spoke, a talisman flew out from Lou Baiyue's body. Lou Chongxiao's image appeared on it, and he looked anxious. "Baiyue, just now, the emperor's imperial edict appeared on the table in the study. He wants us to prepare the ceremony and crown the second prince, Gu Xuansha, as crown prince." "What?" Lou Baiyue was shocked. "What is he trying to do?

Crown Wu Dangkong as Concubine Ming and the chief supervisor of the study. This is already a hidden danger to the imperial court. Now, he wants to crown Gu Xuansha as crown prince? Isn't it obvious that he wants to give the world to this person? I don't understand what the emperor is trying to do. " "This is also the emperor's plan. You don't have to worry."

Zhuge Ya seemed to have expected this move. "The emperor is far-sighted, and he is playing with the heavens. This plan is to lure the snake out of its hole, and to see the changes in the Heavenly Dao.

Our Calming Xian Bureau is an independent yamen, and we have the imperial edict. Even if he becomes the crown prince, he can't do anything to us. "

"But Gu Xuansha has evil intentions. If he becomes the crown prince, he will have a righteous reputation, and he will hinder our plans. I'm afraid it won't be easy." Jin Suibo didn't look good either.

"It doesn't matter. Gu Xuansha is backed by the three Celestial Masters. If he becomes the crown prince, the three Celestial Masters will give him more support. They might even go against the rules. This way, the emperor will have an excuse to get rid of the three Celestial Masters, and he can use this opportunity to train us."

Zhuge Ya, on the other hand, was very happy. "Once the news came out, I knew the emperor's great talent and strategy. Originally, the Ancient Mystic Sand was hidden among the people, stirring up trouble in the dark. Now, it's out in the open.

Also, Gu Xuansha is ambitious. He won't be satisfied with the current situation. How can he be manipulated by the three Celestial Masters?

Believe it or not, the day he becomes the crown prince, he will come to us and cooperate with us to empty the three Celestial Masters. " "That's reasonable."

Lou Baiyue thought about it carefully, and it was true. "The emperor wants Gu Xuansha to be the crown prince because he wants to restrain Wu Dangkong. The two of them are cooperating now, but it will be different when he becomes the crown prince. They will fight each other, which will cause the three Celestial Masters and the Wu family to fight. Even the Black Heaven and Earth Sect will be involved. We can sit on the mountain and watch the tigers fight." "Will they join forces to destroy us?" The Fourth asked.

"It's possible, but we are not dead. So, I asked Bao Ming 'er and Suibo to fan the flames," Zhuge Ya said, "For example, I told Gu Xuansha that Wu Dangkong has the Heaven Sacrifice Decree. What will happen? " "It's a good opportunity."

Lou Baiyue clapped her hands. "In this way, we will have more opportunities to fish in troubled waters." "Of course." Zhuge Ya nodded. "Your Highness and the Princess, just watch me." At this time, in the grass of the Bottomless Sea of Sin.