Chapter 829
===========

One second ★ small △ say § net.. org], wonderful pop-up window free reading! Chapter 826: A Great Improvement in Cultivation

Right now, Gu Chensha's cultivation required a huge amount of luck and unparalleled accumulation to advance to the next realm. However, after he advanced to the next realm, his combat power, calculation ability, refining ability, manufacturing ability, and control ability all increased by a lot.

Now that he had obtained the loyalty of the Punisher King, Gu Xingjian, and cultivated the thirty-fourth transformation of the Dao Realm, Qi Control, with just a slight movement, his power covered the heavens and earth, enveloping the Central Divine Prefecture, the Four Wastelands, and even the places outside the Four Wastelands. It actually felt like it was going to sweep through the Heaven Realm.

"That's right. With the improvement of my cultivation level, the power of the Emperor Of Heaven's Wrath of the Desolate Primordial Godly Thunder is even greater. In addition, I can use it a few more times." Gu Chensha knew what his trump card was.

Last time, the Devil Army had assembled in preparation for a counterattack. Countless old-timers, including members of the Archaic Devil Clan, and even primal-chaos elder-devils had been present. If they had slaughtered their way to the surface, even if the Calming Immortal Department had been able to hold them off, it would have been a major disaster. Many people would have been killed or injured.

Gu Chensha had used the Emperor Of Heaven's Wrath to destroy the Devilfolk stronghold in one fell swoop. In fact, he had even wiped out the entire first level of the Devilfolk. Countless old-timers in the Devilfolk had been so terrified that they didn't dare to come out again. Because of that, the common people had been able to go on another large-scale hunt and gain more experience.

Don't underestimate such a small amount of time. Even if it was just a few months, it would be enough for so many people in the world to be tempered, and countless heroes would emerge.

In the era of fortuitous encounters in China, it was not impossible for someone who did not know martial arts to cultivate to the God Level within a few months.

In the past, cultivating the first transformation of the Dao Realm, "Consuming Qi and Abstaining from Eating", required great comprehension, luck, and even decades of bitter cultivation to be able to reach this realm.

Now, because the Dragon Man Fist had spread throughout the world, it had seized the fortune of the world. It had already surpassed countless secret techniques since ancient times. Ordinary people only needed to cultivate this Fist Technique slightly to enter the Dao and increase their talent.

This was a huge merit for the Calming Immortal Department. Of course, it was a violation of the balance of the Heavenly Daos. To the Heavenly Daos, this was not merit, but a sin.

Gu Chensha's vast will covered the Four Wilds of the Divine Prefecture. As it spread out into the Heavens, he understood a certain principle.

"The Heavenly Dao's creation of humans is far too perfect. It far surpasses that of Daemons, Fiends, Immortals, Gods, and any other races.

Therefore, humans were deeply feared by nature. The Heavenly Dao knew that if humans rose up, they would cause great damage to its rules. Therefore, countless disasters had befallen it. As a result, humans are always in a captive state. "

Gu Chensha finally understood. However, the Heavenly Dao cannot leave humans. For the Heavenly Dao to evolve, it needs human sacrifices. Among the human sacrifices, there is something that can spur the Heavenly Dao to evolve. The Heavenly Dao nurtures humans, which is equivalent to planting crops and cows.

Dao of the Heavenly Dao sees us as enemies. "Gu Chensha understood." But the Heavenly Dao can't leave humans. If it wants to evolve, it needs human sacrifices. Among the sacrifices, it will be time for the Heavenly Dao to kill me. "

Right now, the fate energy of the Imperial Court is still not enough to trigger a true counterattack from the Heavenly Dao. If I manage to comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra, I will be able to cause everyone in the world to become an anomaly. That will be the time when the Heavenly Dao truly exterminates me, disregarding everything else.

This time, Gu Chensha's cultivation base had skyrocketed. His Sacred Dragon Heart Cultivation Technique's pinnacle calculations were vaguely showing signs of a breakthrough.

This was the highest essence of the Dragon Gate. It was the gateway to the Heavenly Court. It was controlled by the Gate Jin Heavenly King.

This was the highest essence of the Primordial Dragon Gate. In the future Heaven Court, the Primordial Dragon Gate was a gateway to the Heaven Court that was controlled by the Gate Jin Heavenly King.

"This is the highest essence of the Primordial Dragon Gate. It is the gateway to the Heavenly Court, controlled by the Gate Jin Heavenly King.

"If you want to be promoted and enter the Heavenly Court, you have to go through this gateway.

Gu Chensha had long seen through this secret. He wanted to obtain this door and the Gate Jin Heavenly King. Then, he would deduce a supreme technique that surpassed this door, which was the Dragonless Heart Technique.

Once the "Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method" was completed, Gu Chensha would truly be able to move the world and allow everyone in the world to surpass the shackles of the Heavenly Dao. In this way, the Heavenly Dao would naturally counterattack regardless of everything. At that time, it would truly be the time to decide the outcome.

"This person is so strong."

When Dou Yi Yu sensed the changes in Gu Chensha, her heart was already in turmoil. She had pledged her allegiance to the Tranquil Fairy Agency, but her thoughts were still somewhat complicated. This was because she knew that once the Tranquil Fairy Agency became tyrannical, they would definitely make a move against the three great Heavenly Venerates.

After knowing that the three Celestial Venerables sold her to Gu Chensha, Dou Yiyu felt that her father, Celestial Venerable Victorious Dou, was not as weak as she thought.

But because of the sacrifice, she was connected to the Calming Immortal Department. She couldn't betray them. If she did, she would be the first to suffer. She also knew that Gu Chensha could kill her with a flick of his finger.

In particular, after receiving the sacrificial power of the Punisher King, Gu Chensha would only grow stronger and stronger. He would improve with every passing moment, and the Heaven Longevity Realm antiques would no longer be his match. In fact, even if they reached the Heaven Origin Realm, they might not be able to do anything to him.

"If he continues to improve, Gu Chensha might even have the ability to subdue the Primordial Tree," Dou Yiyu thought.

"Everything is ready now."

After Gu Chensha mastered the Dao Realm's 34 Transformations, Fate Control, he stood up and slowly retracted his consciousness. Then, he said to Gu Xingjian, "Enter the Little Hong Meng Tree and cultivate diligently. Make use of its power to quickly reach the Heavenly Venerate Realm before the Heavenly Talisman Year 36 arrives. Although I've helped you improve your cultivation a little, allowing you to reach the God Realm, your current strength is still too weak. If you go out like this, you will definitely be stripped of your source energy, just like Jing Fanxing."

Although Gu Xingjian was the Punisher Heavenly King, even a Heavenly King needed to cultivate to raise his cultivation step by step. He definitely couldn't be invincible the moment he was born.

When he was just born, the Punisher Heavenly King was at the Dao Realm 20 Transformations, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence. In the current situation, this kind of realm could not cause any big waves at all.

On the other hand, Gu Chensha had helped him increase his cultivation. In the illusion that lasted for three days and three nights, Gu Xingjian had activated his origin and finally made successive breakthroughs, reaching the Divine level.

Such a cultivation speed was simply shocking. It was almost impossible since ancient times, even if one had a fortuitous encounter. But Gu Xingjian was a future Heavenly King, only below the Emperor Of Heaven and the Lord of the Sun and Moon. He was a big shot of the Heavenly Court in the future, so it was only natural for him to have such a cultivation speed.

After reaching the God Realm, even a Heavenly King's cultivation speed would slow down. But in the Calming Immortal Bureau, there were countless resources and cultivation techniques. No faction could compare to them, so Gu Xingjian would be able to advance again very quickly.

And what was even more amazing was that Gu Xingjian's power of worship could quickly nourish the Little Primordial Tree, causing the tree to undergo a fundamental change. With Gu Chensha's own refinement, it was only a matter of time before this tree surpassed the real Primordial Tree.

"Yes!"

Gu Xingjian now knew how amazing Gu Chensha was. Even if he truly became a future Heavenly King and cultivated to the Heaven Essence Realm, he might not be able to do anything to Gu Chensha. So, he obediently entered the Little Primordial Tree to cultivate and worship.

"Now that my value has been squeezed dry by you, there shouldn't be any problems." Dou Yiyu smiled bitterly.

"You are a Celestial Sovereign, the fourth Celestial Sovereign of our Calming Immortal Bureau, the Martial Saint Celestial Sovereign, Chang Weiyang, the King of Common People. Next is you, Dou Yiyu.

Celestial Sovereigns are big shots everywhere. Even when the Heavenly Court is established, Celestial Sovereigns will still be rulers. Their status will far exceed many demons, immortals, and demons. "Gu Chensha smiled." Moreover, I need you to do some things to increase your luck. "

"You're not going to ask me to infiltrate the Black Heaven Earth Sect's alliance, are you?" Dou Yiyu asked.

"That's right. I've already activated a Secret Art to hide your luck. Unless the Emperor Of Heaven appears, no one will be able to divine that your luck is actually connected to the Calming Immortal Bureau. You can use this to infiltrate their ranks," Gu Chensha said.

"With your level of cultivation, you just need to charge in and destroy their alliance. Why do you need to do something unnecessary?

In this alliance, the Immortal Master, Wan Senshi, the Dharma Saint, the three Celestial Sovereigns, and the Progenitor of Heaven and Earth are all cunning people. It won't be easy for me to hide from them. "Dou Yiyu stared at Gu Chensha.

"This alliance is not to be underestimated. Xuan Xin contacted Jing Qiu and Gu Huo. With Arid Triad's heart gathered together, even I have to be wary of them. I might not be afraid, but if the Divine Prefecture is thrown into chaos by them, then the losses will outweigh the gains. I don't want to force these people into a corner. Once I become a Celestial Sovereign, I will naturally be able to easily take care of them.

"Besides, I didn't ask you to infiltrate them for myself, but for you." Gu Chensha's voice was filled with an unfathomable tone.

"For me?"

Dou Yiyu was puzzled. Even if she had the intelligence of a Celestial Sovereign, it was difficult for her to understand Gu Chensha's actions. Before Gu Chensha, her Celestial Sovereign cultivation base and intelligence were like that of a three-year-old child.

"That's right. You are the mother of the Punisher King. Once you join the Calming Immortal Bureau, you will face a great disaster. I might be able to resolve your disaster, but it will be an external force that will prevent you from being able to train."

Gu Chensha's voice became even more profound. "If you join this alliance, you will obtain a great fortuitous event. In fact, you can even shift your disaster and deceive the world. Not only will the alliance bear your disaster, you will also be able to steal from the heavens. If you succeed, you will never face any disasters, and your level of cultivation will reach successive breakthroughs. You will have hope of reaching Heaven Origin Realm in the future." "Heaven Origin Realm!" Dou Yiyu's eyes sparkled.