Chapter 1033
============

Mister Wuwei

His Dragonless Heart Art was to create something from nothing, completely breaking the law of conservation of energy. It was a power that didn't exist in this world, yet it existed in everyone's heart. However, where did everyone's spirit force come from? This was a mystery. Only when Gu Chensha reached the ninth level of the Immortal Realm would he be able to truly comprehend it.

This terrifying thing was divided into Mister Wuwei, Mister Wuxin, and the others. It was stirring up chaos everywhere and hiding in the depths of the universe. It had long since become unpredictable and chaotic. Gu Chensha could not do anything about it for now. He could only make arrangements and slowly shrink the net. Only when he included all of these people would he be able to catch them all in one fell swoop.

"Apart from Mister Wuwei, Mister Wuxin, and the others, there will be others among them." Gu Chensha's expression was solemn as he continuously calculated.

"So that's how it is …" As he calculated, Gu Chensha looked at the endless depths of the void and saw a shrinking black air current.

This black air current was the true form of that terrifying thing. It had also given birth to Mister Wuwei, Mister Wuxin's true form, and it was continuously increasing in power. Its source of power was the hearts of all living beings in the world. In the hearts of all living beings, it was the heart of plundering and conservatism.

Although many people in the world had successfully cultivated the Dragonless Mental Technique, some people's hearts had not been able to change. For example, The Fourth Gu Huasha, although he had successfully cultivated the Dragonless Mental Technique, deep in his heart, when he encountered a treasure that would be of great benefit to him, his first thought was to plunder and plunder it to increase his cultivation.

Gu Chensha had turned the Emperor Of Heaven into a medicinal pill. The Fourth Gu Huasha's instinctive thought was to plunder and consume it to increase his cultivation.

This was an instinctive thought of plundering deep in his heart, and it was completely different from the thought of the Dragonless Mental Technique.

The thought of the Dragonless Mental Technique should be to immediately export it to the world and create the same medicinal pill. That way, his cultivation would increase.

As long as the thoughts and instincts in his heart did not change, this instinct to plunder would be the concept of the Old World. This concept was the source of that terrifying thing's power.

In other words, when Gu Chensha was increasing his own cultivation, that terrifying thing was also increasing its cultivation, and it might even be increasing more than Gu Chensha.

Because in the entire human world and the countless universes, the desire of all living beings to plunder surpassed the desire to contribute. Deep in everyone's instincts, when they encountered something good, their first thought was to obtain it. This kind of intention helped to increase the power of this terrifying thing.

Gu Chensha's ultimate goal was to completely eliminate the desire to plunder from all living beings in the world, and turn them into people of dedication and creation. This was the thought in everyone's mind: "I am the creator of all living beings. I don't need all living beings to do anything for me. I am the creator of all living beings, not the other way around. All living beings are useless to me."

If this kind of thinking was successfully implanted in everyone's mind, then it would be a success. That terrifying thing would no longer have a source of power and would gradually wither away.

The Old World's concept and will was that the moment every living being was born, their instinctive will was to eat, grow, and strengthen. This was the instinct to plunder.

And in the new world created by Gu Chensha, the first thought of all living beings was to give something to the world, because this was the only reasonable thing to do.

For example, a person who had just entered someone else's house and wanted to stay there, of course, he had to pay rent.

This was the concept of the new world, and the Old World's concept was that when a person entered someone else's house, not only did he not pay rent, but he also wanted to plunder the house's resources and force the landlord to give him money.

What Gu Chensha wanted to change and create was so great. He wanted to change the mindset of all living beings. This was something that no civilization, no great person, and no world had ever been able to do. No one had even thought of this.

Because people were born, they had to eat and absorb energy from the outside world in order to survive. Even the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian couldn't do what Gu Chensha did. Because Gu Taxian didn't create the Dragonless Heart Sutra. The birth of Gu Taxian was actually the beginning of a new world in the universe.

After this enlightenment, Gu Chensha was born, and he completely embodied the concept of the new world.

In actuality, Gu Taxian was quite confused and didn't know what was going on in the new world. Just like a historical rebel, he instinctively rebelled because he couldn't survive anymore, but Gu Chensha didn't. Gu Chensha created his own principles and carried them out in an orderly manner. From a certain perspective, it could be said that Gu Chensha was the Founding Ancestor. Gu Chensha thought to himself.

His thoughts became clearer and clearer, and so did his understanding of the changes to the universe. He knew that the arrival of the new world was unstoppable, but because of this, the counterattack of the old world was becoming more and more intense.

"Just wait …" Gu Chensha's cultivation seemed to have improved again.

While Gu Chensha was fighting Mister Wu Wu and Mister Wu Xin, in the Great Yongchō's palace's beast pen, two dogs were locked together. To be precise, it was The Great Spirit God and Fa Wuxian who had turned into dogs.

At this time, Fa Wuxian's face was filled with hatred for heaven, earth, all living things, and everything. Next to him, The Great Spirit God was thinking about something. The Great Spirit God also had a human head and a dog's body.

"The Great Spirit God, as long as I have the chance, I will definitely make you wish you were dead," Fa Wuxian suddenly said, "Even if I tear you into a thousand pieces, it will not dispel the hatred in my heart."

"Fa Wuxian, I do not want to humiliate you, but Gu Chensha turned me into this. What can I do?" The Great Spirit God said, "If you want to hate someone, you should hate Gu Chensha. Don't hate me here." "In any case, you are dead."

Fa Wuxian roared again, "No, I will not let you die. I will inflict the pain I have suffered on you a thousand times over. Of course, the same goes for Gu Chensha." "Forget it. If you behave yourself, you can suffer less."

The Great Spirit God said mockingly, "Now, we have turned into dogs, but we still have our strength. I heard that the Emperor Of Heaven is even worse off. He has actually turned into a pill. " "The Great Spirit God, you animal." Fa Wuxian did not want to say anything to The Great Spirit God.

"Fa Wuxian, do you want revenge …" At that moment, a voice rang out beside Fa Wuxian. A person appeared in the pen. This person was wearing a black cloak. The cloak did not seem to have a physical body.

"Who are you?"

Fa Wuxian was shocked. He looked around and found that the guards outside the pen did not see this person at all. It was as if they could not see this person in the black cloak at all.

"I am Mister Wuwei," the person in the black cloak said.

The black-cloaked man said, "I'm here to save you. You once made a wish to me, so I increased your strength. Have you forgotten?"

"You …" Fa Wuxian's expression was one of extreme shock. Then, he became ecstatic. "You are that terrifying …" "Alright, it is good that you know."

The black-cloaked Mr. Wuwei suddenly pointed and immediately injected his power into Fa Wuxian's body. Kacha kacha! Fa Wuxian turned into a human and was no longer a dog. Mr. Wuwei transformed The Great Spirit God again.

"Kill!"

Without the shackles, Fa Wuxian tried to kill The Great Spirit God, but Mr. Wuwei stopped him. "The Great Spirit God is still useful. You can't kill him.

Also, you can't kill here. If you kill, I am afraid that when Gu Chensha returns, we will not be able to leave. " Whoosh! As he spoke, Mr. Wuwei grabbed The Great Spirit God and Fa Wuxian and disappeared.

After they disappeared, everything returned to normal. The people guarding the animal pen suddenly realized that the two dogs had disappeared. They were shocked and immediately issued an alarm. Suddenly, the alarm spread throughout the entire palace. Lou Baiyue arrived immediately. When she saw the empty beast pen, her expression changed.

At the same time, in a faraway place, The Fourth was cultivating. He was thinking about how to seize the pill. "Only by obtaining the pill that transformed the Emperor Of Heaven can I be complete and become a powerful existence. I will have the opportunity to comprehend the Supreme Immortal Realm. Once I comprehend the Supreme Immortal Realm, I will be able to keep pace with Gu Chensha and will no longer be inferior to him. I will be able to create my own situation."

The Fourth Gu Huasha also had countless ambitions. He would never be willing to be inferior to Gu Chensha. At this moment, another man in a black cloak appeared in front of him.

"Who is it?" The Fourth was alert.

"Don't be afraid. I'm Mister Thoughtless."

The black-cloaked Mister Thoughtless spoke. "Do you want to cultivate to the Supreme Immortal Realm? Actually, it's not impossible. As long as you agree to join forces with us, we will thoroughly defeat Gu Chensha and reduce him to the lowest existence. Then, we will kill him and completely erase his ideals." "Alright, I agree," The Fourth Gu Huasha said. "But, you have to help me obtain the pill." "The pill is here."

Mister Thoughtless took out the pill that transformed the Emperor Of Heaven. "When Gu Chensha went after Mister Thoughtless, Mister Wuwei and I rescued Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God. At the same time, I stole this pill. I'll give it to you now. " "Is that so?" The Fourth Gu Huasha was overjoyed. "Then I'll completely surrender to you. But will I really be able to reach the Supreme Immortal Realm? "

"Of course. You and Fa Wuxian will both be able to reach the Supreme Immortal Realm. That's because the two of you occupy the word 'Wu'. From now on, you will be known as Mister Nihility Ancestor, and Fa Wuxian will be known as Mister Wuxian, just like us. Of course, it won't be easy to reach the Supreme Immortal Realm. You'll have to prepare a lot."