Chapter 1043
============

The Strongest Magic Treasure Chapter 1039: The Strongest Magic Treasure

"Gu Chensha, you're wrong. Do you think you can always stand at the peak?

Let me tell you, there will always be geniuses appearing in every generation. You might be standing at the peak now, but in the future, there will definitely be people who will surpass you. At that time, you won't be able to lead the trend and will fade into the crowd. What will you do then?

Let me tell you, there is no eternal protagonist in this world. Back then, in the Heaven Realm, Gu Taxian appeared out of nowhere and did countless things. But what about now?

He fused with the Heavenly Daos and created us. In the future, you will be the same. Why don't we work together to suppress the world and stabilize it? That way, we will be able to enjoy the limitless state forever. Otherwise, if we continue to improve, there will be existences that surpass us. " Mister Wu Wu extended an olive branch.

"Haha, Mister Wu Wu, you are underestimating me too much. Without competition, how can there be motivation? It's just that I have created one powerful existence after another. These powerful existences will become my motivation, allowing my cultivation base to rise higher and higher. Even if I were to enjoy limitless eternity for the sake of maintaining the status quo, what difference would there be between me and a walking corpse?" Gu Chensha laughed.

"Since you insist on going about things the wrong way, I won't say anything more to you. Gu Chensha, just wait and see. If Fa Wuxian is killed by the combined forces of countless universes, he will truly become a magic treasure. With this magic treasure, the one who obtains it will most likely have the power of an Undying. Because your new world has a different ideology, you won't be able to obtain this treasure. Therefore, the one who obtains this treasure will definitely be someone else. If someone else obtains it and they don't agree with your ideology, what will you do then?"

Mister Wu Wu Wu was still inciting, "Moreover, my true body has yet to fully emerge. Once it does, I'm afraid there will be more Undying existences. In the end, there might even be existences on the same level as you. This influence is definitely not something you can control." "Mister Wu Wu, don't talk nonsense."

On one hand, Gu Chensha was paying attention to the four Supreme Immortal experts, and on the other hand, he was observing the changes in the human world.

At this time, many of the Children of the Heavenly Dao had already begun fighting with Fa Wuxian. In a short while, at least a few thousand Children of the Heavenly Dao had been born. Some of the universes were still in their infancy and were unable to give birth to Children of the Heavenly Dao. However, this particular universe had fused with other universes and was eventually born.

In the human world, there were billions of universes, and with every passing breath, a brand-new universe would be born from the infusion of origin force from the new world, just like a child blowing bubbles. Fa Wuxian was completely immersed in the sea of people's war.

Thousands of Heaven Dao Realm experts gathered together, bringing with them the power of many universes. They set up a huge formation and gradually trapped Fa Wuxian within.

"Dammit, dammit, how could they still have such a trick up their sleeves? All the cosmoses are my enemies. Do you really think that they can do anything to me if they join forces?

This is simply wishful thinking. All the cosmoses will be devoured by me, and I will become the supreme and invincible ruler under the heavens. "

Fa Wuxian was trapped in the formation, but not only did he not retreat, he became even more ferocious. He turned into a vast mass of black gas, traversing through many universes, and wherever he reached, he would turn that place into nothingness.

"I didn't expect Fa Wuxian to be so ferocious even after being surrounded."

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, Zhang Ziran, The Great Spirit God, and Long Xiangtian had ugly expressions. Even with the addition of many Children of the Universe and Heaven Dao Realm experts, they were still unable to completely suppress Fa Wuxian. Moreover, Fa Wuxian seemed to be full of vigor and vigor, without any exhaustion.

If this continued and Fa Wuxian recovered or escaped, it would be like releasing a tiger back into the mountains, and there would be endless troubles in the future. At that time, Fa Wuxian would be able to defeat them one by one. No one would have a good time.

"We must kill Fa Wuxian."

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, and Zhang Ziran glanced at each other and nodded. "Everyone, this Fa Wuxian must be killed today, or we will all be devoured by the backlash." "Kill!"

Many Children of the Heavenly Dao felt their hearts tremble when they saw how ferocious Fa Wuxian was. Even though their cultivation had reached the Heaven Dao Realm, when they saw how ferocious Fa Wuxian was, they still broke out in cold sweat. They knew that if they didn't kill Fa Wuxian, they would die.

"Everyone, let's connect our hearts and summon more universes to awaken." At this time, many Children of the Heavenly Dao automatically comprehended some principles. All of them once again risked their lives and began to summon.

As they suppressed Fa Wuxian, the power of their collective summon was transmitted out. Instantly, in the many universes, in the depths of the mountains and rivers, all the power was like a rolling snowball, growing bigger and bigger. The vast power condensed into a huge seal around Fa Wuxian.

"It's about time. Let's add some power as well."

Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, and the others who had been watching all this time said, "This Fa Wuxian should be killed as soon as possible. If we let him go on like this, once he escapes, it will be very difficult to deal with him. If he continues to wreak havoc in the universe, who knows how much effort it will take for us to suppress him."

"But the moment Fa Wuxian is sealed, he will turn into a magic treasure. We don't know whose hands it will fall into. If it falls into the hands of that person, we will think of a way to get that person to join our new world and become a part of it. Otherwise, there will be another person who will rebel against the new world." Lou Baiyue said.

"That's the only thing we can do." RUMBLE!

Lou Baiyue and the others also poured their power into the Human World, activating their cultivation base. In an instant, boundless power was activated, and all the universes revolved even faster.

The strongest power of the universe instantly formed a huge seal, directly suppressing Fa Wuxian to the point where he couldn't move.

"The new world has made their move."

Immediately, Zhang Ziran and the others realized something. However, this was within their expectations. "The new world is also very wary of Fa Wuxian. Right now, it must be Lou Baiyue and the others who have made their move. However, Gu Chensha is definitely chasing after Mister Wu Wu and the others, and can't be separated from them. On the other hand, Lou Baiyue can't control Fa Wuxian. Therefore, we can take advantage of Fa Wuxian's sudden counterattack to obtain the treasure he has refined."

"That's right," The Fourth said excitedly. "The more chaotic the situation becomes, the more beneficial it will be for us." Gu Huasha, the Fourth, said excitedly.

Meanwhile, the Great Spirit God had a strange expression on his face. 'If I'm lucky, I'll be able to acquire the treasure Fa Wuxian has refined. Once I get it, I'll be able to reach the Invincible Deathless level. When that happens, I'll be able to hold my head high. My years of patience will finally pay off, and I'll have a huge advantage. Back when Gu Chensha turned me into a male dog and Fa Wuxian into a female dog, he forced me to marry him.

My body is secretly stained with Fa Wuxian's aura, and as soon as Fa Wuxian dies, I'll be able to draw on his aura and use it to reach the Invincible Deathless level. At that point, nobody will be able to kill me! Ah, Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha, your good days are coming to an end. " Bam! Bam!

At this time, a few other cosmoses spoke up, and powerful children of the heavens were born among them. Fa Wuxian felt immense pressure, and began to shrink toward the center.

"You people want me dead, so I won't let you have an easy time. Dao of Devouring, explode! Exterminate! "

Fa Wuxian knew that he was in a precarious situation against the entire universe this time. Hence, in that instant, he activated the technique of mutual destruction, releasing all the power he had devoured in an instant. Countless explosions erupted from the center of his body. Many of the children of the heaven-dao were instantly reduced to ash by the explosions.

The strength of these Children of the Heavenly Dao could not be said to be weak, but under Fa Wuxian's suicidal attack, it was basically impossible for them to survive. At this moment, thousands of universes also collapsed and fell apart. The destructive power, the power of the collapse of the universes, all merged into the explosion.

After the explosion, everything turned into nothingness. Only Zhang Ziran, The Fourth, and the others had predicted this. When Fa Wuxian went berserk, they suddenly left, not being in the center of the explosion, and survived. Everywhere was a scene of desolation. The center of the human world had a huge hole.

In the center of the explosion, a magical treasure appeared. It looked like a gourd, but the mouth of the gourd was huge, and the inside of the gourd seemed to be filled with teeth, wriggling. Fa Wuxian had turned into a gourd with a huge mouth.

"Fa Wuxian has turned into a magical treasure. He's dead. This gourd is a supreme immortal treasure. Whoever gets it will be invincible."

"This is a supreme immortal treasure! It's like reaching the heavens in a single bound! Go and snatch it! Snatch it!" "Snatch it!"

"This is truly Indestructible! This gourd contains the quintessence of Fa Wuxian after he died, refined by the explosion, and left behind true Indestructible power. Fa Wuxian is dead, but he really did refine a magical treasure. " Countless onlookers were stirred by what they saw.

No one could resist the temptation of the Imperishable Level gourd. It was the most powerful magical treasure in all of history. Since ancient times, there had never been a Heaven-Dao level magical treasure. But now, there was a magical treasure even stronger than the Heaven-Dao level, the Imperishable Level gourd. Everyone was instantly filled with incomparable madness.

"Hahaha! Come to me, gourd!"

The Great Spirit God was still in hiding. With a thought, the gourd sensed his presence, and in the blink of an eye, appeared in his hand.

"From now on, I am the most powerful!"