Chapter 1115
============

Wang Dong Chapter 1110: Wang Dong

When destiny reached a certain point, it would undergo a transformation. When that transformation reached a certain point, the person favored by destiny would have a fortuitous encounter. Beep, beep, beep …

At this time, Wang Dong felt a voice in his body. "System bound to host. Welcome host Wang Dong to the Merit Providence System.

The system would allow the host's cultivation base and every ability to reach a supreme level of good fortune, and could even allow the host to break through to Transcendence and obtain eternity. As long as the host continued to search for the mastermind behind the curtains of this world, then destroy the mastermind, he would be able to obtain unprecedented amounts of karma, and truly be boundless and limitless.

"The first mission is to establish a religion with a million people, find the mastermind, and fight against him.

"The reward for completing the mission is to directly reach the Divine Origin Realm. You will receive three supreme skills and ten invincible treasures …" Now, please accept the gift package bound to the host by the system. One dimensional armor. After wearing it, you can freely travel through dimensions and block attacks. It contains a huge storage space. You can also use dimensional slashes to destroy enemies and tear apart the heavens and earth.

One Three Talents Soul Pill. It can increase the host's soul strength by a thousand times. Your wisdom will surpass that of a sage. Cultivation technique: Black Tortoise Heavenly Fist … "

"I'll find the mastermind behind this. Even if I didn't have this system to help me, I'd still find you and dismember your corpse into ten thousand pieces." Wang Dong suddenly stood up. He'd obtained boundless power.

The system gave him missions, and at the same time, it gave him many treasures, pills, and cultivation techniques. It was the best support.

"This Merit Providence System is quite interesting." Gu Chensha looked carefully and didn't interfere.

This system wasn't created by some big shot, and it had nothing to do with him at all. He could tell that this system was formed from the hidden consciousness of countless living beings in the void. It was emitted and eventually condensed into a program that could destroy the heavens and earth. Then, the program descended on Wang Dong's body according to some mysterious karma, and chose this person called Wang Dong.

But what did Wang Dong do? Why was he chosen? Why was he loved by destiny? This was an existence without any rules. In other words, anyone in the world could obtain this fate energy.

Of course, when Gu Chensha looked around the world and saw that after he redefined his lifespan, the hearts of countless living beings were first filled with fervent cultivation, second with extreme unwillingness, third with intense curses, and fourth with all sorts of ways to break free from their shackles.

The emotions of all living beings in the Multiverse were like boiling water, boiling fiercely and giving birth to all sorts of bizarre beings.

Gu Chensha could tell that Wang Dong wasn't the only one who'd obtained this system. Many others had also obtained other systems. One after another, systems were created. The System was the most powerful artifact in the entire universe.

Back when he was still in the Heaven Realm of the Land of Infinity, Gu Chensha already knew that the power of the Heaven-sacrificing Talisman, the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Land, and the Hong Meng Tree could penetrate the heavens and the earth. However, compared with the system of the technological civilization, they were still far behind.

From a certain point of view, the System was equivalent to a cheating plug-in formed by the condensation of countless fate energies. That's right, it was a cheating plug-in.

In many technological civilizations, there was also a gaming era. In that gaming era, there would be many cheating plug-ins. They were all things that went against the Heavenly Dao and broke the balance of the rules.

Gu Chensha had set the rules. The fate energy of the entire Multiverse and the unwillingness of the people in the depths of their hearts resulted in all sorts of cheating and breaking the balance. This was the System.

Back in the Heaven Realm, the Heavenly Dao ruled over everything. It slowly nurtured all living beings and slowly evolved. However, all living beings were unwilling. In the end, Gu Taxian was born and broke everything.

In fact, back in the Heaven Realm, the Heavenly Dao could have expanded and become a multiverse. However, the Heavenly Dao felt that after expanding, it would be difficult to control. Hence, it had always limited the Heaven and Earth to a very small area.

Now, Gu Chensha completely understood. He saw through the essence of things, saw through any changes in fate energy, and saw through the karma of people obtaining fate energy.

From this Wang Dong, Gu Chensha once again observed many useful things. This was a perfect test subject.

This person was not only loved by the fate energy of this super-giant universe. Even the fate energy of other universes was gathering. Ever since he obtained this "Merit Creation System", he was like a fate energy absorbing machine, wantonly absorbing countless fate energies. However, this Wang Dong was against him. When he grew up, he would definitely challenge him.

He was the mastermind behind the scenes. However, Gu Chensha didn't care. He only observed in the dark and didn't make a move. He couldn't wait for someone to grow up and become a threat to him.

"Fate energy changes."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. In the multiverse, the most secretive fate energy changes had already appeared. Streams of fate energy condensed into dragons and snakes, entering many people's bodies.

When fate energy condensed into snakes, it would be some treasures, fortuitous encounters, elixirs, or something else. When fate energy condensed into a super-giant dragon, it would be the System.

Only those who obtained the System could be considered to have a super fortuitous encounter, and could be considered as a candidate for the main character.

However, it wasn't the new world choosing the main character, nor was it the old world choosing the main character. It wasn't even the new world or the old world choosing the main character. Instead, all living beings were choosing the main character. This kind of chosen main character was the strongest main character. This was also the meaning of "when a commoner comes out, all countries will be at peace." When a leader was born from the commoners, all countries in the world would truly be at peace.

Gu Chensha saw history. It could be as small as the end of a dynasty, where the feudal lords fought and killed everywhere. In the end, a leader rose from the commoners and unified the world. He would then create a brand new dynasty and pacify all disputes in the chaotic world. Now, it had also reached this point.

Everyone believed that the multiverse had reached an unbearable stage, and that countless people would rise up in rebellion against their own rule. As for whether or not they could be "first born from the commoner", that still depended on it.

"My strength has increased by leaps and bounds."

After Wang Dong comprehended the Novice Gift Pack, a transparent piece of armor appeared on his body. This was the Dimensional Armor, a novice gift gifted to him by the system. However, it was extremely powerful. With this armor, he could completely traverse through dimensions and come and go as he pleased. The dimensional crystal walls weren't able to seal him off at all. Furthermore, his cultivation began to swell violently as he evolved the true essence of his cultivation. Furthermore, the pill and the divine ability within his body had already completely fused together. Rumble! Wang Dong punched open the void. His strength had reached a new height.

"I can start completing the System's mission now."

Wang Dong's body flashed and he left the Military Academy. This was a huge empire, the Military Academy of the "Great Lin Empire". It had a strict military system. Wang Dong was just an ordinary student. According to his identity, he could only listen to the orders of the empire. He couldn't establish a sect or develop any power. If there were any signs of this, he would definitely be suppressed. But now that he had cultivated a top technique, he didn't care about all this.

"I am really strong now and I have the Dimension Armor. Even if someone is at Heaven Realm, they might not be able to kill me. But I still have to be careful. My current strength should be around Dao Realm 36 Transformation.

In this empire, legend has it that the ancestor who cultivated to the highest realm, the founding emperor, Lin Tian, is at the Heaven Dao Realm. He is much stronger than me. If I develop a sect in this empire, I will probably die if they notice me. "

Although he had obtained a fortuitous encounter, Wang Dong didn't relax at all. Instead, he was calculating and thinking about how to complete the mission. Gu Chensha didn't let Wang Dong off. He observed his every move in the dark.

Sure enough, Wang Dong was very capable in the future. He changed his identity and studied in the Empire's Military Academy. He achieved outstanding results and made many contributions to the Empire. Unexpectedly, he climbed up the ranks in a short period of time and became a general of the Empire. He also obtained many resources.

On the other hand, he became an opponent of the empire. He used his identity as a general to gradually spread his teachings among the slaves. It snowballed. Finally, in a short period of time, he completed the mission and raised his cultivation to the Heaven Primordial Realm. In the entire empire, the Heaven Primordial Realm was a famous big shot. He was at least a Noble.

He used these resources to secretly pursue the empire's princess. He won her favor and became the emperor's son-in-law. Then, he secretly roped in officials in the imperial court. He became a powerful faction and controlled the imperial court. Gradually, everyone in and out of the imperial court became his people.

Furthermore, he secretly completed a few missions and raised his cultivation to the Heaven Dao Realm. Afterwards, he pretended to be loyal to the imperial court. However, he secretly suppressed and assassinated the ancestor of the Heaven Dao Realm, the founding emperor, Lin Tian Tian. Then, he shifted the blame to another large empire, the Myriad Empire.

As a result, the two empires fought each other. The Myriad Empire invaded the Great Lin Empire and plundered and killed people everywhere. The people had no way of making a living. At this time, Wang Dong fought ten battles with the Myriad Empire. He won every battle. In the end, he destroyed the capital of the Myriad Empire, captured the entire imperial family, killed their ancestor, and destroyed the empire.

In this battle, Wang Dong became the hero of the entire empire. He was the God of War. The emperor also died in the battle. Under the unanimous election of everyone, Wang Dong became the new emperor of the empire. All of this happened in the short span of ten years.

"A hero without any blemishes …" Gu Chensha had been observing for ten years. He couldn't help but admire Wang Dong. He wasn't like other people who immediately went on a killing spree after a fortuitous encounter. Instead, he disguised himself as a hero without any blemishes. In the end, he seized control of the empire. In the hearts of the empire's trillions of citizens and officials, he had no regrets at all. He was perfect, but in reality, he was the greatest schemer. This person was different from the other protagonists. Wang Dong was different from other protagonists.