Chapter 1149
============

Disappearing

The Virtual Panel was created by Gu Chensha to restrict the lifespan of all living beings. It was also formed by Gu Chensha's Divine Power and Mana. If it disappeared, it would mean that Gu Chensha had fallen and died completely.

Now, there was a problem with the Virtual Panel. Although it did not disappear, it had already started to fade. From Dharma Saint's perspective, he could see that Gu Chensha had probably met with a great calamity.

"My chance is here."

Dharma Saint's expression was full of anticipation. "I, Dharma Saint, have never fallen behind. In the beginning, I did fall behind for a period of time. But in these hundred million years, through various methods, I have finally broken through a trillion. Even though there are many experts now, I am still standing at the peak.

As long as I am still alive, and continue to stand at the peak, observing the changes of the world, I will be able to obtain endless cultivation and Divine Power. Finally, I will surpass Gu Chensha.

I don't know what happened to Gu Chensha that caused the Virtual Panel to start fading. But there are only two possibilities. The first is that Gu Chensha is about to die. But this possibility is not high. The second possibility is that in the heavens, there is someone who can fight against Gu Chensha. This person's power can also affect the Virtual Panel and break Gu Chensha's rules. Then, Gu Chensha's influence will decrease, causing the Virtual Panel to fade.

I have calculated carefully. This is a good thing for me. I can use this opportunity to completely break the Virtual Panel and obtain eternity. I even feel that as long as I break the Virtual Panel, I can obtain the strongest cultivation. I can even comprehend the tenth level of Immortality and the ultimate secret of immortality. " Hum …

In the depths of Dharma Saint's soul, the Virtual Panel made a trembling sound again. It exploded violently and released a dazzling light that illuminated the sea of consciousness.

Dharma Saint tried his best to retract his soul and observed carefully. He could see that in the depths of the Virtual Panel, there seemed to be a white shadow that was struggling violently, trying to break the Panel.

"That powerful figure has been born. As expected."

The Dharma Saint could not help but feel excited in the depths of his heart. Perhaps I can reap the benefits from this and obtain the most powerful power from it, becoming the number one in the heavens! Rumble! The Dharma Saint soared into the sky and turned into nothingness. No one knew where he went.

In another unknown universe, two people were locked in a stalemate. One of them was none other than He Ming. Hundreds of millions of years ago, he had acquired the quintessence of both Zhou Qin and the mysterious masked Paragon. In the blink of an eye, he had become a titan with a lifespan of a trillion years. He wanted to exact his revenge and change the entire universe.

Unfortunately, things didn't go as he wished. During these 100 million years, he didn't even dare to show his face. Instead, he hid from place to place and lived a precarious life. Because a powerful figure was chasing after him. This powerful figure was the person standing in front of him.

This person's face could not be seen clearly. It was just a white shadow that contained an aura that could change, destroy, create, break, devour, and absorb everything.

He Ming knew that this white shadow had been born from the giant flesh egg. It wasn't Hong Yi, Wang Chao, Fang Han, Yang Qi, or Jiang Li, but it was a combination of the five of them.

The reason why this white shadow was chasing after He Ming was very simple. It wanted to obtain He Ming's life essence. There was Zhou Qin's imprint in it. If it could obtain Zhou Qin's imprint, the white shadow born from the giant flesh egg would be completely perfected and obtain the ability to challenge Gu Chensha. Now, no matter how strong He Ming was, he was no match for this white shadow.

"He Ming, surrender now."

The white shadow born from the giant flesh egg said, "Just now, I have completely comprehended the Skyless Change and the Dao of the Universe. Even Gu Chensha can't do anything to me. Do you feel that the virtual panel in the depths of your mind is about to shatter? Are you putting up a final struggle?" "I can't accept this."

He Ming knew that he was at the end of his rope this time. In these 100 million years of pursuit, he had fled everywhere and ended up in a miserable state every time. Not only did he not obtain any glory as a fortuitous encounter, but he was also punished because he had Zhou Qin's imprint. Not to mention fulfilling his ideals and revenge, it was impossible for him to even keep his life. "I obtained a supreme fortuitous encounter, but now, I'm worse than an ordinary person.

Is this retribution? I can't accept this. I want to fulfill my ideals and take revenge. I want to change the entire multivariate universe. I want to spread my ideals and the principles of a scholar to every corner of the multivariate universe. Unfortunately, none of this can be realized. " "What kind of lowly thing are you? Do you think you're worthy of Zhou Qin's imprint?"

The white shadow born from the giant flesh egg looked down on He Ming. In its eyes, He Ming was just a bumpkin from a microcosm, without any intelligence or strength. He was just a hot-blooded country bumpkin. However, he had some luck. In these 100 million years, He Ming had escaped from its pursuit many times. In fact, there were a few times when he had almost turned the tables. Unfortunately, its foundation was too strong. Even if he failed 10,000 times, it didn't matter. As long as he succeeded once, He Ming would be consigned to eternal damnation.

"You're the lowly thing." He Ming retorted. "Do you think you can kill me this time? I think you're too naive. Run away. "

In an instant, a thin mist appeared on He Ming's body. His entire body seemed illusory and real at the same time, as though he was about to disappear completely.

"Not bad, not bad. Earlier, you've comprehended yet another ultimate art. By borrowing the power of the interface in your body, you can transform yourself into nothingness. You've relied on this move to escape from my pursuit many times. Sadly, you won't be able to do so today. Today is the day you die."

The white shadow born from the giant flesh egg spoke. "I can even suppress this virtual interface. It's useless for you to borrow the various functions of it."

"Spirit force is limitless, but the masses don't know how to use it. Hence, that Gu Chensha developed this virtual interface. On the surface, it seems as though he's restricting the masses, but in truth, he's creating a spiritual support device for the masses. It can also be said that he's creating an operating system for the souls of the masses. Actually, as long as the masses have intelligence and gradually comprehend some of the profoundness of this operating system, they would be able to develop spirit force to a greater extent."

He Ming continued, "This is the true logic that I've comprehended during these years. Bastard, I'll let you know what true spirit force is."

In an instant, He Ming seemed to activate some function of the virtual panel in the depths of his mind. In an instant, the most powerful mystique appeared in the depths of the virtual panel. The mystique circulated and changed with each other before finally condensing into a rune.

This rune was twisted to the extreme. It seemed to be the most beautiful words in the world, yet it also seemed to be the ugliest words in the world. However, it represented a type of supreme power.

"Suppress!"

He Ming waved his hand, and instantly, this rune flew out, landing on the body of the white shadow that was born from the flesh egg.

Speaking of this, I still have to thank you. If it wasn't for you, I probably wouldn't have been able to break through this final stage. You're right, Gu Chensha's original intention wasn't to restrict people but to make things easier for them. It's the same as opening up a cheating device for the masses. Sadly, the masses just aren't able to understand it. They don't know how to utilize the benefits of this cheating device. You did manage to comprehend some crucial things, but this comprehension has ultimately become my nourishment. " As he spoke, the white shadow that was born from the flesh egg let out a heaven-shaking howl. BANG!

His sea of knowledge seemed to have received a boost from some sort of power. The virtual interface that controlled his life suddenly shattered completely. Next, a surge of power was born from the depths of his heart.

"Ha ha ha, I broke through. I finally broke through. So that's how it is. In that case, He Ming, you no longer have any value. Go to hell." The white shadow that was born from the flesh egg condensed into a physical form. He had materialized.

He was a very ordinary young man. However, his ordinary face seemed to contain endless truths. Moreover, there was no aura at all. It was as though he no longer existed in this world. Unfortunately, he did exist. At that moment, the talisman that was suppressing him disappeared without a trace. SOU! He Ming still wanted to escape.

However, the white shadow that was born from the flesh egg pointed slightly and He Ming's body instantly exploded. Two points of essence appeared. One of the points was pure green in color. It was Zhou Qin's spiritual imprint. Absorb!

The white shadow sucked in the green spiritual imprint in a single gulp. The moment it was absorbed, the white robed young man stabilized and appeared in this world.

He had completely belonged to this era. He had become the strongest person of this era. At that moment, he could feel the existence of Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha was the truly invincible person of this era. But now, he could finally fight with him.

"I … am the strongest person of the Eternal Era."

The white robed young man chuckled. There was no longer any malevolence on his face. However, his aura continued to spread out. Almost all the powerful beings in the multivariate universe could feel it.

"Everyone, today, I've broken the shackles of Gu Chensha. From now on, all of you shall obtain eternity. My cultivation state has already surpassed that of Gu Chensha. Now, under the witness of all of you, I shall annihilate this man completely. All of you shall obtain true eternal life. Pray that I'm the one who has saved all of you. " The white robed young man took a step out. He was going to kill Gu Chensha.