Chapter 830
===========

"That's right. The alliance formed by the three celestials and the patriarchs has many treasures, such as the Endless Heart, the immortal lord's Prehistoric One God System, Wan Senshi's immortal world essence will, Wu Dangkong's Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, Arid Triad's Heart, Heavenly King of Calamity Gu Huo, and Heavenly King of Innocuous Jing Qiu."

Gu Chensha said, "There's definitely going to be a huge competition between them. If you can benefit from it, wouldn't you be able to reach the heavens in a single step?

For example, if you can get any of those treasures, it's not impossible for you to reach the Heaven Primal level. " "If I reveal my identity, I'll probably be in a lot of danger." Dou Yiyu was still thinking.

"Riches come from danger. If I don't take the risk, how will I be able to shine in the future?"

Gu Chensha said. "Don't worry. You're a celestial now, and you're very valuable. Even Dou Sheng, Yuan Gu, and Subhuo will definitely help you and help you benefit from their alliance. Take advantage of this opportunity and send the power of your sacrifice into the Endless Heart. "

As he spoke, Gu Chensha flicked his finger and sent an endless stream of power into Dou Yiyu's body. Dou Yiyu's cultivation base skyrocketed, and he could vaguely sense the aura of a heavenly king. It was the aura of the Executioner King.

"This is …" Dou Yiyu was stunned.

"You're still the mother of the Executioner King, so you naturally carry his aura. In fact, the Executioner King is inside you, and has yet to be born. This is my secret art, the Dao of Mending the Heavens.

That's why your sacrifice carries the aura of a heavenly king. That way, you'll gain the trust and support of the three celestials. "

Gu Chensha said. "Deceive them with a set of lies, then help them kill the patriarchs and destroy the alliance. You'll be one of my pawns. Of course, given your current strength, you can secretly borrow the power of the Celestial Calmness Department, and the patriarchs won't be able to do anything to you."

Gu Chensha had meticulously prepared a series of grand plans to destroy the great alliance that Patriarch Heaven and Earth had built.

"In terms of schemes and viciousness, even the Great Spirit God can't compare to you." Dou Yi Yu finally understood Gu Chensha's calculations.

"That's just average," said Meng Hao. "Now that my magic power has reached this level, it's easy for me to control destiny. Your destiny is working with the Celestial Calmness Department. If I hadn't cultivated the Thirty-Four Transformations to the level of controlling destiny, I wouldn't have been able to deceive destiny. But now, other than the Emperor Of Heaven, no one can see through me.

This will make you extremely safe. "Gu Chensha waved his hand." This is your opportunity. You will naturally know what to do. "

"Since I can advance to the Divine Prime Realm, I will definitely seize this opportunity!" Dou Yi Yu's body moved slightly, and she disappeared from the courtyard.

Gu Chensha watched her leave, and his eyes darkened. "This woman is the best bait. I've placed the best bait on her. Let's see if the Emperor Of Heaven or the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, will take the bait.

If they can see that she's actually from the Celestial Calmness Department, they will beat her at her own game, and let me reap what I've sown. They don't know that I have a plan within a plan, and it's a chain of plans. Let's see who's more scheming. " He had asked Dou Yi Yu to infiltrate the alliance, and it definitely wasn't as simple as it seemed.

Feeling the huge sacrificial power rolling over, Gu Chensha slapped the Divine Prefecture Gourd, condensing the sacrificial power of the Executioner Ancient Punishment Sword. He extracted the undying substance from it, and then poured it into the gourd. Instantly, the Divine Prefecture Gourd surged with wind and thunder, and worlds were born and destroyed. Tides were born, nebulae surged, and fate energy spun. It vaguely gave off the feeling of a Greater Chiliocosm.

This Divine Prefecture Gourd was originally made from Xing Qiongshi's body. After fusing with the Immortal-Slaying God-Punishing Gourd and 20 other Endless Treasures, and after Gu Chensha's painstaking refinement, it wouldn't be strange for it to become a Greater Chiliocosm in the future. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha's figure also disappeared. In the next moment, he'd arrived at the distant Incineration Continent. Standing high in the sky, he looked down at the hundreds of billions of citizens, countless cities, roads, sects, cultivators, clans, and factions on the continent. It was a complicated mess, and the sacrificial power was also in disorder. It wasn't highly cohesive or unified at all.

The Great Incineration Heavenly King, Xiao Yan, was far inferior to Gu Taxian in the way of governance. Even after thirty years of governance, he was far from being able to compare to the Yongchō of the Divine Central Continent.

Of course, even if Xiao Yan's strength had reached the Heavenly Longevity Realm, the difference between him and Gu Taxian was incalculable.

At this time, the world still didn't know that their emperor had been chased away by Gu Chensha and replaced by a new imperial court. However, some of the more powerful people among the people had secretly sensed that the situation in the imperial court had changed in some fundamental way. The imperial court issued edicts one after another, and established a secret organization called the Celestial Pacification Bureau to supervise the cultivators with magical powers in the world. The imperial court's power had grown a lot stronger.

Many of the sacrificial rituals among the people had been cut off, and what replaced them was a philosophy, a philosophy of humans and dragons.

This time, Gu Chensha had obtained the sacrificial power of Punisher Ancient Punishment Sword and cultivated to the Dao Realm 34 Transformations to control fate. The first thing he wanted to do was to change the Great Incineration Empire and make it a part of the Yongchō.

He had left behind many chess pieces and created thousands of God Generals. They were all experts above the Dao Realm 20 Transformations, and they formed the Celestial Pacification Bureau in the name of the imperial court. They spread throughout the world and spread their ideals among the people.

However, just relying on this to change the ideals of the hundreds of billions of people in a short time was like trying to put out a cart of firewood with a cup of water.

Even if he subdued the upper echelons of the imperial court, a Saint and a few God Realm experts, he wouldn't be able to quickly make use of the hundreds of billions of people. But now that his cultivation had improved, he could do many things. Sou! He landed in the capital city of the Great Incineration Empire.

The Great Burning Empire was extremely large. If one were to follow the orders of the imperial court, it was likely that one would not be able to reach the border even after decades if one rode a fast horse at an ordinary speed. Fortunately, the Great Burning Heavenly King, Xiao Yan, already had a series of methods. After all, his cultivation was deep and he was also the reincarnation of a heavenly king. His control over the entire empire was quite good.

He had obtained seven Endless Treasures and was about to go all out and completely change his empire, causing the empire to erupt with tyrannical power and destiny. Then, he would occupy the Yong Dynasty and steal the Divine Prefecture. However, it was at this critical juncture that Gu Chensha arrived and chased him away.

The capital city of the Great Incineration Empire was exactly the same as in ancient times. The ancient streets, stone slabs, city walls, soldiers, shops, carriages, wanderers, scholars, ladies, porters, coachmen, etc. All sorts of people walked about and it was really bustling.

"I heard that the imperial court has changed."

Many voices were transmitted into Gu Chensha's consciousness. In many secret places, well-informed people were discussing the current situation.

This was especially so in the mansions of some high officials and nobles. All sorts of discussions were going on at almost every moment.

"That's right. The imperial court has actually set up the Celestial Pacification Department to monitor the unusual movements of the people. I heard that they've captured many cultivators these days. It seems like they're cleaning up all sorts of sacrifices in order to maintain their faith. Also, the Emperor hasn't been in court for many days.

It seems like something has gone wrong. Right now, the imperial court is being managed by a few cabinet ministers. "

"The few cabinet ministers' cultivation is above the God level, and the Grand Chief is a Saint. Since the Emperor isn't around, they can still control the situation. However, if they want to carry out a reform, they probably won't be able to do it. Now, they've actually started to kill cultivators and clean up sacrifices. I'm afraid it will cause the Under Heaven Family Clans and some immortal cultivators to retaliate. The world will be in chaos."

"We can only wait and see what kind of tricks the imperial court is playing. If something happens to the Emperor, that would be fun. I heard that back then when the Emperor unified the world, he had suppressed many powerful existences. If the Emperor isn't around, these powerful existences will come out one after another, and the world will once again fall into a situation of being torn apart."

"I've heard a piece of news recently. It's said that our imperial court is actually a very small country in the world. The true center of the world is a place called the Divine Continent. The Emperor of the Divine Continent can be called the Son of Heaven. He has obtained an edict from the heavens.

Our Emperor went to fight for the Divine Continent and was killed by someone. Right now, the imperial court has actually been secretly controlled by the people of the Divine Continent. " "There's such a huge matter?

Our empire would need tens of years, or even hundreds of years to reach the borders. Yet, it's not the center of the world? What Divine Continent? I've never heard of it before. "

"There's a seventy percent chance that this is true. Haven't you guys seen the movements in the imperial court?

The newly established Tranquil Immortal Bureau is cleaning up the officials and foreign generals who were originally loyal to the Emperor. This is a situation that is about to change.

However, they haven't done it openly. After all, there are many officials who are loyal to the Emperor. If they all rebel, I'm afraid that the world will immediately fall into chaos. "

"Right now, many people are watching to see if the Emperor is around. If he isn't around, I'm afraid that chaos will immediately occur. Being in this capital city, we are in the center of the whirlpool of trouble. We have to get away from this calamity." "Yes, I have a bad feeling about this."

Countless secret discussions were transmitted into Gu Chensha's mind in an instant. He instantly grasped the hearts of the entire capital city.

The capital city of the Great Fen Dynasty was extremely huge. There were hundreds of millions of people living in it. It was extremely prosperous and wealthy. Among them, there were also many people with profound cultivation who lived in seclusion in the imperial court.

In short, the current situation in the capital city was one of fear and unease. Many nobles and people who understood the news were extremely uneasy about the future.

With a thought, Gu Chensha arrived at the center of the imperial palace, on the throne of the Emperor.

At this time, the cabinet officials of the imperial court were discussing the situation and countermeasures. 。 a