Chapter 852
===========

"The great calamity is coming, and the Divine Prefecture is shaken. However, Gu Chensha, the head of the Calming Immortal Department, used his boundless cultivation base to suppress the calamity. His power is virtually enough to control everything.

"Quite a few people died in the calamity just now. My mother was drowned in the flood, but after the flood subsided, she was resurrected. The Calming Immortal Department is truly invincible.

"My grandfather and grandmother were living a happy life in the old capital city. Who could have imagined that the capital city would suddenly explode, turning them into ashes? Now they're completely resurrected. This, this is a godly miracle. Inconceivable. His Highness Gu Chensha of the Calming Immortal Department can already gain enlightenment of good fortune and do anything.

In other words, if we follow him, we can live forever and never die, and enjoy endless, immeasurable good fortune! " "If you follow the Calming Immortal Department, you can live forever!" "His Highness Gu Chensha is the supreme lord who controls life and death." "I can't believe something like this actually happened. We're not dreaming, are we?"

This series of events spread across the entire Divine Great Land in just a blink of an eye. Then, it spread to the Four Wastelands. In just a blink of an eye, the entire country knew about it. Everybody had seen the great flood. Basically, they couldn't avoid it. They could only resign themselves to fate. However, Gu Chensha had managed to suppress it. This kind of shocking power didn't make the people in the country confused because of the disaster. Instead, they became more united. They had a kind of blind trust in Gu Chensha and the Tranquil Immortal Department.

That was exactly what Gu Chensha wanted. He wanted to have the Destiny of the nation reach its most powerful state in an instant.

Once that happened, the common people, as well as the countless experts with ulterior motives, would feel that the Calming Immortal Department was unfathomable and undefeatable. As a result, the nation's Destiny would reach a pinnacle, and everyone's hearts would be completely united. Even those with ulterior motives would feel fear. Fear would suppress their ambitions to the lowest possible level. Some people would even give up on their ambitions, and would instead feel reverence for the Calming Immortal Department, and wouldn't dare to make any more moves.

In the blink of an eye, the hearts of the people were united, and Gu Chensha could sense that the power of the sacrifices was much purer than before. Furthermore, the unity of all living beings was much greater.

"Breakthrough, return to the origin!"

Gu Chensha received the support of this power, and in the blink of an eye, he had reached a terrifying level. He broke through a few realms, and the Divine Land Gourd not only made up for the consumption of suppressing the Divine Land this time, but also made great progress.

"They probably don't know what I'm capable of. In this tribulation, my strength will also improve. As the saying goes, the more difficult it is, the more prosperous the country will be."

When Gu Chensha was done, he put away the Divine Prefecture Bottle Gourd and comprehended even more things. 'Tribulations can destroy a country, but if used well, they can be used as motivation. Just like the Devil Calamity of the past, not only did they not destroy our Yongchō, but our Yongchō citizens were also tempered. It's just that we didn't have enough time, and the true potential of our citizens couldn't be unleashed.

But after this, they will deeply understand that a great disaster is right in front of them. Perhaps it will change in an instant, and everyone will die a violent death. The world is heartless, and the only way is to fight against the heavens. " "Chensha, you actually suppressed the eruption of the Divine Land's tribulation!"

The higher-ups of the Celestial Tranquility Department were all stunned. They knew that Gu Chensha was strong, but had never expected him to be this strong.

The Martial Sage could never have imagined that Gu Chensha would not only suppress the fluctuations of the Divine Land's tribulation, but also bring the dead citizens back to life, and restore everything to its previous state. This was a level that he could not even imagine, not even reaching the Primordial Heaven level. Right now, Gu Chensha's cultivation base had reached a level that no one could hope to reach.

"I can only barely suppress the eruption of the Divine Land's tribulation. Only when I advance to the Celestial Master level will the situation change completely."

Gu Chensha waved his hand and said, "The next eruption of the Divine Land's tribulation will be even more powerful, but I have a series of assurance that I will advance to the Celestial Master level before the great tribulation arrives. If the first round of the Divine Land's tribulation can defeat me, then I will basically be useless, and how will I have the ability to compete with the Emperor Of Heaven? Now, we have to seize the time and unite the hearts of the people of the world again. We must not let our guard down. The great tribulation has already begun, and sooner or later, the Divine Land will rise to become the Celestial Court. In the process of the Divine Land becoming the Celestial Court, all the living creatures on it will be cleansed. With my current cultivation base, I cannot stop this change, because this is the general trend of the future. Even if I cultivate to the Primordial Heaven level, I will not be able to stop it.

"Xuan Xin, Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, Gu Tanjian, and Gu Changjian are still attacking the Heavenly Mother Formation. Should we kill them all? Snatch the heart of the Four Barrens? "

"There's no rush. Let them attack the Heavenly Mother Formation. The Heart of the Four Wilds is no trifling matter. I can suppress the power of the Four Wilds, but I'm currently suppressing the Divine Prefecture. What's more, these five have the support of a mysterious heavenly king. I wonder if it's Primal Chaos, Zenith Heaven, Eastflower, or even Wisdom. It might even be the Four Heavenly Kings. "

Gu Chensha said, "The first thing I need to do now is to devour Heavenly King of Jin, the Primordial Dragon Gate, the 3,000 True Gods, and the many demons. That way, I'll have the capital to become a Celestial Lord."

"Heavenly King of Jin is in the dark now. He thinks that the calamity of the Divine Prefecture is here for him. He subdued the 3,000 True Gods and accumulated enough power. Then, he sent God Maha to subdue the old demons in the depths of the Demon Realm. Demon and God as One. I'll give him something more." Suddenly, Gu Chensha activated his own power. Hum. His own sacrificial power seeped into the depths of the Primordial Dragon Gate.

At this moment, the depths of the Primordial Dragon Gate were full of vitality. There were worlds everywhere, and dragon qi was flourishing. It was many times better than the half-dead state before. This was the result of the sacrificial power of the True Gods.

If the sacrificial power of the 3,000 True Gods was used well, it could turn the heavens and the earth upside down. These True Gods had been operating in the Divine Prefecture for tens of thousands of years, perhaps even longer. They had absorbed the sacrifices of countless people, and had even swapped themselves for the noble blood of the Divine Prefecture. They had become the people of the Divine Prefecture, the true leaders of all things.

Therefore, their sacrificial power had nourished the Primordial Dragon Gate, causing it to explode in power.

In addition, the Primordial Dragon Gate had also been nourished by the Devil Clan's old-timers, who had also swapped their own blood for the Divine Prefecture's. They had long since discovered that the Divine Prefecture's bloodline was the noblest and most miraculous of all. It came from the depths of the soul, and was something they were born with. It surpassed all life forms born from primal chaos.

Some of the old-timers knew that the people of the Divine Prefecture, as well as the people born from the Divine Prefecture, were experimental subjects that even the Heavenly Daos couldn't control. Even among ordinary mortals, heaven-defying people could be born. It wasn't that they could defy the heavens, but rather that they wanted to. The Heavenly Daos couldn't change their minds. The human heart was hard to fathom.

Many of the Devil Clan's old-timers and the sacrificial power of the 3,000 True Gods were gathered in the Primordial Dragon Gate, but Gu Chensha wasn't aware of it.

The immense sacrificial power surged through the depths of the Primordial Dragon Gate, and Gu Chensha's sacrificial power quietly seeped into it, becoming a catalyst of sorts.

If the sacrificial power of the Primordial Dragon Gate was a sea of oil, then Gu Chensha's sacrificial power was a spark that ignited the entire Primordial Dragon Gate in an instant.

At this moment, Chu Feng, who was the incarnation of Heavenly King of Jin, was surrounded by several hundred reincarnations of Xing Chen. They were all found among the commoners. These reincarnations of Xing Chen had long been monitored by the Department of Calming Immortals, but they had always been unwilling to work for them. However, Heavenly King of Jin had secretly roped them in, and in the blink of an eye, these people had gathered around Chu Feng.

Chu Feng also accepted the sacrificial power of hundreds of reincarnated stars, adding to the power of the Primordial Dragon Gate's sacrificial power.

Reincarnated stars also had great destiny and great fate, so their sacrificial power was no small matter. In fact, some of the folk's wild gods and grass gods didn't dare accept the sacrificial power of reincarnated stars. Once they did, the statues would scatter, and the yin spirits of the grass gods and wild hair gods would scatter.

"Your Excellency, our chance has come. The heavens are raining down a flood to wipe out the world. It's clear that the Department of Calmness and the Yongchō have been angered by the heavens and the people. They can't hold on any longer."

The reincarnated Literati Star had already sensed the disaster and was overjoyed. The other reincarnated stars also knew that the time to make great contributions to the Heavenly Law and the Heavenly Court had arrived.

"That's right. Now, you should quickly spread the idea that the Yong Dynasty is defying the heavens and causing disasters in the world. If all the common people and officials rein in their horses in time, they can be saved. Otherwise, they will be buried together with the Yong Dynasty. Also, the most important thing is to gather all the people who reincarnated from the stars and pull them under my command to worship the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Land."

Chu Feng knew that this was the time to plunder resources. If he could wantonly plunder, his status would be very high in the future.

Moreover, he knew that even now, he had subdued three thousand True God Sacrificial Priests, subdued the Demon Race, and subdued the reincarnated stars. With these accumulations, as long as he digested them, he would be able to compete with the Chaotic Heavenly King. He didn't know who would be the First Heavenly King in the future.

"If I can refine Gu Chensha, I will be the number one subordinate of the Emperor Of Heaven in the future. I will even obtain the eternal favor of the Heavenly Dao. Even the Emperor Of Heaven won't be able to touch me. My status will be even higher than the Sun-Moon Lord. "Chu Feng had wishful thinking. But at this time, Gu Chensha had already suppressed the fluctuations of the Divine Land.