Chapter 926
===========

The tenth prince, Gu Zhensha, was extremely cruel and vicious. He worked with other princes, such as the third prince, Gu Fensha, the eldest prince, Gu Hengsha, the fourteenth prince, Gu Yunsha, and the eighteenth prince, Gu Hongsha. They were all in cahoots with him, preparing to fight against Gu Chensha's rule.

However, the Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha cultivated a secret technique and devoured all the princes, melting the Emperor Ian Talisman's bloodline in their bodies. As a result, the princes were completely destroyed in body and soul. They had no chance of revival.

"Gu Chensha, how dare you kill me!"

"Impossible, impossible. I have already cultivated the Heavenly Dao. No one can detect me. Gu Chensha, in the past, you used the Heavenly Dao to stir up trouble everywhere you went. You were really good at it. Why can't I do it today?" Gu Chensha's body was covered in a golden light. He struggled and activated the blood in his body, but it was to no avail. "Impossible, impossible.

"What era are we in? Heavenly Dao Arts? The Heavenly Dao has completely collapsed. I've already refined many things that surpass the Heavenly Dao."

Gu Chensha laughed. "I can resurrect the brothers you killed. Although they can't be resurrected now, I'm different. The Heavenly Dao can't do it. I could do it a long time ago. " As he spoke, waves of incantations wrapped around the Tenth Prince, Gu Zhensha.

Immediately, many vengeful spirits appeared around Gu Zhensha's body. These vengeful spirits were mixed with fate and karma. They gathered together, forming a group of people. They descended to the ground.

These people were the princes that had been killed by Gu Zhensha. They had all been resurrected by Gu Zhensha, but they had all become ordinary people. Even Gu Zhensha, the tenth prince, had become an ordinary person.

"No!"

The tenth prince, Gu Zhensha, felt that he had lost all his power. He let out a cry of grief, but he had lost all his cultivation. He could no longer do anything.

The other princes were both sad and happy. They looked at their hands, not believing that they could come back to life.

However, they had already understood everything. The Tenth Prince, Gu Zhensha, had killed them, and Gu Chensha had saved them. If it wasn't for Gu Chensha, they would have completely fallen and died without any chance of revival.

"Thank you, Chensha, for saving me. I've done a lot of wrong things in the past, big and terrible ones. Now, I have to reflect on myself. Us brothers should work together to complete what father failed to complete, to completely subdue the Heavenly Daos."

The Third Prince, Guvasha, was the first to lower his head and sincerely admit his mistake. He finally understood how blinded he had been by greed.

The other princes, having been resurrected, seemed to have gained enlightenment as well. Bowing deeply to Gu Chensha, they said, "Chensha, now we truly understand how mighty you are. From now on, we will sincerely offer sacrifices to you, and pray for the prosperity of our nation, for the peace of Heaven and Earth, and for the well-being of all living things." "Good, very good."

Gu Chensha looked at his brothers and Princes and said, "Being able to come back to life is a joyous thing. Right now, Tenth Brother is not willing to come to his senses, so you all stay here and persuade him to turn over a new leaf. Don't think about grand ambitions anymore. Hegemony is nothing more than a dream, and even if you sit on the throne of the world, you'll just be working for the sake of all living things."

After being resurrected, his brothers were all loyal to him, and Gu Chensha felt his entire body become much lighter. It was as if he had broken through some kind of restriction. The Dragonless Cultivation Technique suddenly circulated, and a new chapter appeared. This chapter contained even more enlightenment for all living things.

Indeed, if he wanted to enlighten all living things, how could he not even enlighten his own brothers?

After enlightening his brothers, Gu Chensha's comprehension of the Dragonless Cultivation Technique deepened, and many changes and mysteries were born here.

Gu Chensha laughed, and said to everyone present, "Everyone, you are all people who have committed great sins, and now you are reduced to ordinary people. You can't even cultivate, and you don't even have the strength to truss a chicken. But this is not a good result, because the spiritual energy, immortal energy, and primal chaos energy have all disappeared. Everyone is the same as you, unable to cultivate. Right now, the only thing that can be cultivated is the mind.

The power that can be comprehended in the mind is inconceivable, and it can also be condensed into all kinds of substances, continuously producing immortal substances that can be of help to the world. In this way, the existence of humans in the world is no longer plunder, but contribution. "

"Gu Chensha, if you can really do this, then you have far surpassed the Emperor Of Heaven. But I can see that this supreme divine ability of yours has not reached the peak.

If I don't eat or drink right now, and cultivate your cultivation technique, I will die, and I will starve to death. But if I eat something, then I will fall into the path of plunder. "

The Immortal Master suddenly said, "If you teach me the cultivation technique now, and I practice it, I don't need to breathe, I don't need to eat or drink, and I can only rely on the power of my mind to survive. I will believe you, and from now on, I will work for you completely, without any doubt."

"Not now, but soon. This time, I am going to hold a great sacrifice. During the sacrifice, the power of all living beings will be raised to the extreme. The minds of all living beings will gather together, and it will brew into a perfect substance. This substance can connect the minds of all living beings. In the future, during the sacrifice, all living beings will absorb, brew, and feed back. This cycle will repeat, and all living beings will be able to completely break away from the means of plunder, and rely on the power of the sacrifice to survive and develop, and then replenish the world.

This will break away from the conversion and conservation of energy, and transform it into eternal energy. Eternal energy is the ultimate pursuit of prehistoric science and technology. Now that we have seen hope, we can only extract it from the minds. "

"Just watch," Gu Chensha said, "I will definitely succeed. My success will be the success of all living beings, and also your success."

"If you really succeed, the future will belong to you, and our entire world will welcome a brand new civilization," the Immortal Master said. "But I don't think you will succeed, because this situation goes against the truth." "Actually, this situation has already appeared.

Father Emperor, and your husband, Gu Taxian, how was he born? Is it an energy outside of the Heavenly Dao? What level of energy is that, and how was it born? "Gu Chensha said.

"I'll wait and see." Heavenly King of Jin, Chu Feng, was silent at first, but then he spoke.

He was the Heavenly King of Jin, and he was extremely intelligent. Naturally, he knew that if Gu Chensha succeeded, all living beings in the world would not need to absorb any energy and would be able to survive. That would be terrifying. If he succeeded, the rule of the Emperor Of Heaven would become meaningless.

In the future, the Emperor Of Heaven would also need chaotic energy, spiritual energy, and immortal energy to fill the universe. Otherwise, he would not be able to survive.

In other words, the rule of the Emperor Of Heaven was built on the basis that if all living beings wanted to survive, they had to plunder. Without plunder, all living beings would not be able to survive.

If Gu Chensha created a cultivation path that could survive without plunder, then the Emperor Of Heaven was destined to be eliminated, and the Heavenly Dao would fall and sink. This truth was no longer suitable for all living beings.

"Then let's wait and see."

Gu Chensha resolved the incident with the Tenth Prince, Gu Zhensha, and resurrected all his brothers. He made them repent and live in harmony with each other. Even Gu Zhensha did not kill him. Instead, he made him lose all his cultivation. Whoosh! Gu Chensha left the place.

His thoughts spread out again, combining with the crystal wall of the Four Wildernesses of the Divine Continent. In an instant, he was able to monitor every movement of all living beings in the Divine Continent and the Four Wildernesses.

Now, the Divine Continent and the Four Wildernesses had been completely refined by him. Ever since he integrated the warship and system left behind by the prehistoric civilization, the Four Wildernesses of the Divine Continent and the Four Wildernesses had become one. It was indestructible, surpassing any world in history. In terms of quality, even the Celestial Realm could not compare.

This was because the system and the warship left behind by the prehistoric civilization were the strongest materials of a civilization. When the system and warship were at their peak, their power even surpassed that of the Celestial Realm.

Gu Chensha had completely mastered the warship and the system. He integrated them into his Dragonless Gourd, then combined them with the Four Wildernesses of the Divine Continent and became some kind of immortal existence. This was the foundation for him to control the Imperial Court, to fight against the Emperor Of Heaven, and to finally defeat the Heavenly Dao.

Gu Chensha integrated himself with the Four Wildernesses of the Divine Continent. Immediately, countless voices entered his consciousness.

In the Wildernesses, many experts gathered together. There were Gods, Saints, Celestial Lords, and Heaven Longevity Realm experts. There were even existences at the Heavenly Origin Realm who were secretly talking.

"Right now, we can no longer absorb any Spiritual Qi, Celestial Qi, or Primal Chaos. But this is actually not important. Rumor has it that the Emperor Of Heaven is about to be born. Under the guidance of the Heavenly Dao, all the Spiritual Qi and Primal Chaos Energy will be used to condense into the Human Realm. The Human Realm will expand rapidly in the future. It will expand so much that even the Celestial Realm cannot compare to it. It will become the number one world. As long as we can enter the Human Realm, we can cultivate. "

"Yes, the Human Realm will also merge with the Celestial Realm. The Celestial Realm is about to shatter. Who knows how many living beings will die in the great calamity."

"This is all the fault of the Imperial Court and Gu Chensha. If it wasn't for the Imperial Court and Gu Chensha, the Myriad Realms would be in a peaceful evolution. Such a big thing would not have happened."