Chapter 906
===========

"Hahahaha!" Long Xiangtian laughed, "I didn't think that Gu Chensha would try to sow discord at a time like this. Sister Liu and I are one, we won't be separated. In the future, we'll be like the Emperor Of Heaven and the Empress. We'll dominate the world. In the past and in the future, you'll just be my stepping stone." "Arrogant again?"

Hearing this, Gu Chensha couldn't help but laugh. In his eyes, Long Xiangtian and Sister Liu had obtained the Sun-Moon Lord's Origin, as well as Gu Tiansha's Origin and the Heavenly World's Sun and Moon. Gu Chensha really didn't care about them right now. Of course, they were also very afraid of Gu Chensha. They wouldn't dare to take the initiative to attack.

"Gu Chensha, we got what we wanted this time. We'll leave now. When we refine the Origin and come out again, it'll be time for you to die."

Long Xiangtian's body moved and fused with Sister Liu. They turned into a bright light that wrapped around the sun and moon. The bright light gathered together and rose together. In an instant, they disappeared without a trace, sneaking away from under Gu Chensha's nose. Gu Chensha didn't chase after them. He was still afraid of the Emperor Of Heaven's attack.

Sooner or later, the two would kill each other. When the time came, their Origin would condense and they would become even more powerful. That would be the day of harvest.

Perhaps the Emperor Of Heaven helping them secretly wasn't out of kindness. He wanted to fatten them up and then devour them.

Gu Chensha turned to look at Crown Prince Gu Xuansha and Gu Tiansha. He shook his head and sighed, "Gu Xuansha, you originally had the Crown Prince's position and didn't do anything. You could've enjoyed your good fortune. But you just wanted to die. You went against the Imperial Court and the world. Look at you now. I'll abolish your cultivation and turn you into an ordinary person." Gu Tiansha seemed to have lost all of his ambitions. He had become an ordinary person. He hated Gu Xuansha, Gu Chensha, and everyone else.

But now, he appeared very terrified, as if all his hopes had been dashed to pieces. "Gu Chensha, I've become a normal person this time. Forget it. I'll live the rest of my life as a commoner."

On the other hand, Crown Prince Gu Xuansha reacted much more violently than Gu Chensha. He almost roared, "Gu Chensha, how dare you! I am the Crown Prince, the Crown Prince conferred by my Imperial Father. How dare you turn me into an ordinary person!

You said that I wouldn't have suffered if I had just been the Crown Prince. However, when Gu Tiansha forced me to kneel, why didn't you come to save me? Even the God of Destruction under the command of the three Heavenly Venerates came to force me. Where were you then? What was the Crown Prince?

The Crown Prince is the person who controls the world. When the Emperor isn't around, the Crown Prince has to govern the country. But what about me? I'm imprisoned all day long. This person can step on me, that person can bully me, and you're a subject. How dare you ride on my head? In terms of morality, righteousness, and propriety, you are a traitor!

Gu Chensha, don't make it sound better than a song. I've lost everything. If you want to kill me, then kill me.

I'm not afraid of death, nor am I afraid of disappearing forever. Also, Gu Tiansha, you coward. You're born from the Heavenly Dao and Imperial Father. You'd rather be an ordinary person at a time like this. "

"You two brothers are killing each other. I want to refine you, and you want to refine me. Turning you into ordinary people is actually for your own good." Gu Chensha pointed.

Instantly, all of Crown Prince Gu Xuansha's energy was taken away. Then, his talent and abilities degenerated rapidly. In the blink of an eye, he became an ordinary person like Gu Tiansha. Then, Gu Chensha flicked his sleeves.

The two of them felt like they were floating. They landed in the Divine Land. In a courtyard, they saw many familiar people, such as Fa Wuxian, Chu Feng, and even the Celestial Master.

These people had gone against the Imperial Court and Gu Chensha. They should have been annihilated and their families killed. However, Gu Chensha was merciful. He only took away their powers and turned them into ordinary people. He even gave them a chance to cultivate and start over. Ever since Gu Chensha obtained great abilities, he basically didn't kill people anymore. To him, killing people was a very lowly thing. What he needed to do was to subdue people's hearts.

Each person was a very precious treasure. When these people gathered, they could produce sacrificial power. From the hearts of people, he could refine things that surpassed the Heavenly Dao. If Gu Chensha relied on killing to suppress people, it was basically a waste.

"Gu Tiansha, Gu Xuansha, your powers were taken away too?"

Chu Feng's expression was very ugly. Although he had become an ordinary person, he was still a Heavenly King in the past. He more or less had some secret information. He knew how fierce Gu Chensha was. Gu Xuansha had obtained the battleship and system left behind by the prehistoric civilization. He had become a big shot. But now, he had become an ordinary person. This meant that Gu Chensha had obtained all of their wealth and source energy.

Gu Xuansha said angrily, "Gu Chensha didn't obtain our source energy and the source energy of the Lord of the Sun and Moon. Long Xiangtian and a woman took them away. Gu Chensha obtained the battleship and system left behind by the prehistoric civilization." "That's still very terrifying."

Chu Feng frowned and said, "If he refines the battleship and system, I'm afraid there will be a huge change. When that happens, he will suppress the divine continent and the four barren lands. If he refines them all, even the Emperor Of Heaven won't be able to do anything to him."

"Don't worry, the battleship and system of the prehistoric civilization are not something he can refine. Even the Heavenly Dao didn't destroy the battleship and system, let alone Gu Chensha."

Celestial Master had also become an ordinary person. She also had great resentment in her heart, but this was her own choice. Gu Chensha had given her a great opportunity to join the imperial court, but she was unwilling. In the end, all of her powers were taken away.

"Not necessarily."

Gu Tiansha said, "Celestial Master, your understanding of the past is still at a very early stage. Now that the Heavenly Dao is about to collapse, of course, it will collapse together with Gu Taxian.

Many things will be different from before. In this case, the system and battleship will be completely refined. " "I don't believe it." Celestial Master sneered.

At this moment, Gu Chensha had already returned to the Dragonless Gourd. The moment he returned to the altar in the center of the gourd, his body moved slightly, and in a split second, the Dragonless Heart Sutra surged out, wrapping around the system and battleship. The system and battleship of the prehistoric civilization were all in his hands. Even the imprints of the 12 leaders were wrapped up by the Dragonless Heart Sutra.

"Very good, this system and battleship contain the deepest level of immortality. I've already understood the principles behind their creation.

To me, this system and battleship no longer have any secrets. It won't be difficult to completely refine them. Dragonless Heart Sutra, permeate it, and transform all the sacrificial power. "

Gu Chensha knew that if he refined this battleship and system, his strength would increase to another level. He would truly dominate the universe, sweep through the world, and even the Emperor Of Heaven wouldn't be able to do anything to him. Even if someone stronger appeared in the future, he would be able to control the situation.

He waved his hand, and the Dragonless Heart Sutra slammed into the system and battleship over and over again.

The surface of the battleship was covered with countless characters, which were none other than the secrets of the Dragonless Heart Sutra. However, the inside of the battleship began to emanate boundless life force.

The life force converged, transforming into a holy light that prevented Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra from invading it. It was the One God System's instinct to fight back.

"Not bad. Not bad at all."

Gu Chensha nodded his head, "The system has finally shown its domineering side. I knew it wouldn't be that simple. Now, it's much stronger. It seems like it has absorbed the Ancient Heavenly Sand, Ancient Profound Sand, and even the source of the Heaven World's will. It might even have absorbed their fate energy. The system is slowly recovering. If I hadn't separated the system in time, I'm afraid the Ancient Heavenly Sand and Ancient Profound Sand would have been completely devoured by the system. In the end, the system would have recovered its strength and devoured the Heaven World." Wu Wu Wu

Ghostly wails and divine howls burst out from the depths of the warship and the system. Then, the system seemed to be evolving some extremely powerful killing move. Then, a will emerged from it and appeared in the depths of Gu Dusha's sea of consciousness and soul.

This will took the form of an old man. This old man was wearing a white robe. His beard and hair were also white. They were so long that they touched the ground. He didn't hold any code or scepter in his hands. His hands were empty, but they seemed to be able to create anything at any time. This is the will of the system of God, God.

The reason why the prehistoric civilization created this God was obviously to compete with the Emperor Of Heaven and be on equal footing.

"Mighty entity, Gu Chensha, you can't destroy me or refine me."

The will of the system of God spoke to Gu Chensha. "However, I can't absorb your power either. Therefore, we can talk fairly. We can work together to create true eternity and indestructibility. What do you say? " "Oh? We can work together? "

Gu Chensha smiled and said, "I don't need to combine forces. I only need to refine you and fuse you into my Dragonless Heart Sutra. You are indeed immortal, but you are not truly indestructible. In the past, you could not be destroyed. But now, the times have changed, and the situation has changed. You also have flaws and loopholes." [Currently reading chapter: Dragon Tally _ 903] Men and Women