Chapter 367
===========

Anger appeared on Tian Kang's face, "Your Highness, are you trying to frame me as well?"

"What do you mean by frame you as well?" Gu Chensha grasped the flaw in Tian Kang's words, "From what you're saying, I am framing the Jing Clan?"

"It's still the same thing. If Your Highness wants to arrest the Jing Clan, you must present the evidence to the imperial court. Then, the imperial court's Upper Study will make a public decision and the three courts will hold a joint hearing before convicting them. This is the judicial procedure set by the Emperor and is also the foundation of the imperial court's order. Your Highness and the Calming Immortal Department cannot destroy this foundation. Otherwise, if the nobles blindly follow suit, wouldn't the world be in chaos?

Countless examples from the previous dynasty have proven this point. Your Highness must not do anything that goes against the grain. "Tian Kang acted like a loyal subject admonishing him, his tone becoming louder and louder.

"Go against the grain?

It was clearly the Jing Clan that caused chaos in the world and almost plunged Jing Prefecture into a sea of blood. Why did you say that it was this Prince and the Calming Immortal Department that caused chaos? Is this how the Iron Blood Marquis taught you? "Gu Chensha's gaze became sharp.

Tian Kang did not budge an inch, "I am the Iron Blood Guard's commander-in-chief in Jing Prefecture. I supervise the officials and the aristocratic families. The Calming Immortal Department's merchant association is also under the Iron Blood Guard's supervision. Now that Your Highness cannot produce any evidence, you want to mobilize the troops with the governor to destroy a large aristocratic family. This will definitely put the people of Jing Prefecture in danger. My Iron Blood Guard will definitely not stand by and do nothing. We swear to stop it with our lives." "Stop it?

Stopping the imperial court from encircling the rebels is considered a rebel and will be killed without mercy. "

Gu Chensha waved his hand, "Step down. I have already explained to you that the Jing Clan is rebelling. You better know your place."

"Your Highness, I have also said that if Your Highness is stubborn, I will stop it with my blood." Tian Kang said righteously, "If the Jing Clan is really rebelling, I will also stop it with my blood." "Oh? I didn't expect to meet a loyal and filial son here. "

Gu Chensha smiled, "Unfortunately, your blood cannot be compared to the blood of the commoners of Jing Prefecture and the entire world. The Jing Clan's rebellion will cause a chain reaction. The world will be in turmoil and who knows how much blood will be shed. You cannot stop it and will instead be an accomplice to the world.

How dare you compare your insignificant life with the lives of all the commoners and officials in Jing Province? "

If it weren't for Zhuge Ya and Gu Chensha, Jing Qiu's rebellion would not only have affected Jingzhou, but also the neighboring prefectures. Millions of people would have been killed or injured.

"Your Highness, I have ordered that the Jing Zhou troops are not allowed to take any action. I have also reported to the imperial court. By now, the imperial court should know about this matter. The Crown Prince, Imperial Concubine Ming, and many ministers of the Upper Study Room will have countermeasures." Tian Kang sneered, "Your Highness, don't act rashly. Otherwise, don't blame me for offending you." "Very good, another traitor."

Gu Chensha sighed, "Then, I can only let you be like Jing Fanxing. Your strength has reached Dao Realm Transformation Seven and you can leave the ground and fly into the air. He could be considered a top talent. He was more than qualified to be the commander of Jingzhou. But you colluded with the Jing Family to try to hide it and drag time. That is unforgivable.

When the Xiantian Energy in your body rotates, it actually carries a chaotic aura. This is Jing Qiu's World Flipping Fist. He helped you break through from Dao Realm Transformation Six to Transformation Seven. "

When Tian Kang heard this, his expression changed and he laughed coldly, "Your Highness, if you want to blame someone, you can find any excuse."

Gu Chensha used the Banishing Celestial Technique and was about to suck away all of Tian Kang's strength to turn him into a fool.

"Your Highness, please show mercy."

At that moment, a voice rang out. Then, a large flag appeared in the courtyard and dispersed into magic power. The magic power gathered and formed a human figure. This person had an aura of iron and blood. It was a middle-aged man, the Iron Blood Marquis.

"Dao Realm 22 Transformations, Astronomical Phenomenon, Iron Blood War Flag."

Gu Chensha nodded his head, "As expected from the reincarnation of the ancient War God. Although he hasn't activated all of his strength, it is just a matter of time."

"Your Highness, please show mercy. Tian Kang might have been blinded and he definitely didn't join in the rebellion."

The Iron Blood Marquis cupped his fists, "Moreover, Your Highness should have followed the law and reported it to the Crown Prince." "Since the Iron Blood Marquis said that, then I would like to argue.

The main goal of the law is to maintain justice, to be fair, to avoid killing and to get rid of evil. If not for us attacking first, who would be able to stop Jing Qiu's bloodbath? Even if you are the reincarnation of the War God, you are no match for Jing Qiu. If we followed the law, the world would already be in chaos.

This shows the weakness of the law. Since that is the case, then we have to change it. Since ancient times, there were no eternal laws, only eternal justice and fairness.

The Iron Blood Marquis can't give up on the basics. For the rules of the law, we can give up on the people of a few states. That is a foolish way of thinking.

His Majesty bestowed the medallion on us, giving us the authority to act arbitrarily. This is to prevent bureaucratic inflexibility, which might cause major problems. "

Gu Chensha was in the mood to argue with the Iron Blood Marquis. Now that the situation was set, all that was left was for Zhuge Ya to capture Jing Qiu, strip him of his abilities, and reduce him to a mortal.

Although Jing Qiu was strong and had many trump cards, the Innate Numinous Treasures, the Central Earth Great Virtue Banner, and the North Star Bloodline were taken away.

These treasures melted into the depths of the Common People's Wish sphere, allowing the sphere's cultivation to reach near consummation. Not only did it save at least a hundred years of evolution, but many people in the sphere also benefited greatly.

This was especially so for Gu Chensha, who had obtained Jing Fanxing's cultivation and bloodline, which also contained the Azure Dragon bloodline, tossed them into the depths of the sphere. This way, the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, and North Star Bloodlines gathered in the sphere. These bloodlines would form a power that could change the world.

"Your Highness, what you said is your philosophy. I have my own as well. In the matters of the imperial court, the words of the Calming Immortal Bureau don't count, neither do I. The Emperor has the final say." The Iron Blood Marquis sighed. "Also, the Emperor has already appointed the Crown Prince, the foundation of the empire.

Even a King has to listen to the Crown Prince's wishes. If not, it wouldn't be a blessing for the empire. " "Is that so?"

Gu Chensha coldly stared at the Iron Blood Marquis. Without a doubt, the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises of the imperial court were truly loyal to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Now that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had appointed the Crown Prince, they would naturally support the Crown Prince. However, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue both knew that this was the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's doing. Regardless of Wu Dangkong or Gu Xuansha, they were just being used. The true core was still the Calming Immortal Bureau. However, it was hard to say this out loud. "In that case, the Iron Blood Marquis also wants to stop this King from acting against the Jing Clan?" "The Calming Immortal Bureau is already established, there's nothing I can do to stop it."

The Iron Blood Marquis smiled bitterly, "I only hope that your Highness would prioritize the empire and not allow the world to be torn apart again." "What a joke."

Gu Chensha waved his hands, "Iron Blood Marquis, when Wu Dangkong was ruining the imperial court, you didn't say anything. Now that the Calming Immortal Bureau is suppressing the evil, you actually came out to say such words? Are you afraid that we brothers would fight amongst ourselves and cause chaos in the world?" "This subordinate doesn't dare to."

The Iron Blood Marquis was taken aback. Gu Chensha's words were too harsh, "This subordinate didn't mean it that way. This subordinate is loyal to the Emperor and the imperial court. There's no falsehood in my words."

He suddenly felt an immense pressure. In the past, he had always thought that the Calming Immortal Bureau was merely a little trick played by the princes. But when he heard Gu Chensha's words, he finally understood. Unknowingly, the Calming Immortal Bureau had already become a colossus.

"I know that."

Gu Chensha didn't want to make things difficult for the Iron Blood Marquis, "Let the Calming Immortal Bureau deal with the Jing Family matter. After all, Jing Fanxing tried to assassinate me. As for what the Crown Prince and the Upper Study Room thinks, they won't care."

"Since that is the case, then I understand." The Iron Blood Marquis bowed and brought Tian Kang away.

Tian Kang was now at Dao Realm Transformation Seven and was an important talent in the Iron Blood Guards. Naturally, the Iron Blood Marquis couldn't bear to let Gu Chensha trash him just like that. Gu Chensha also gave the Iron Blood Marquis face.

The Iron Blood Marquis flew up and landed in the Jing Zhou City Iron Blood Guards camp. Only then did he place Tian Kang down.

"Marquis, this matter …" Tian Kang was about to say something when the Iron Blood Marquis said, "Kneel." Putong! Tian Kang knelt on the ground.

"This time the Jing Family is plotting a rebellion. You were tempted by that Jing Qiu and you have lost all the face of the Iron Blood Guards." The Iron Blood Marquis scolded.

"This subordinate is muddle-headed." Tian Kang didn't dare to retort.

"Many things are about to happen."

The Iron Blood Marquis frowned, "The Calming Celestial Department has become a giant and the Emperor has chosen a Crown Prince. We are in trouble."

"What is there to worry about, Iron Blood Marquis?" At that moment, someone appeared. He had a long beard and was wearing a stone green robe.

"Marquis Dashi." The Iron Blood Marquis stood up, "Please teach me about the current situation."

"A few days ago, Marquis Zhenhai broke free from the 19th Highness and suppressed the Demon Region. You know what happened. The 19th Highness planted the Heaven Demon Tree and absorbed the monsters. In the end, the monsters were terrified and didn't dare to come out."

Marquis Dashi said, "From then on, Marquis Zhenhai recognized the Calming Celestial Department and the 19th Highness. Actually, all of us are old and the Calming Celestial Department should be the pillar of the dynasty. The Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya alone, is more important than all of us combined. "

"The Emperor has chosen a Crown Prince. No matter what the Emperor thinks, the Crown Prince is the center of the world and the Imperial Court. No matter how strong the Calming Celestial Department is, it's only a supporting force," said the Iron Blood Marquis. "Eldest Brother, I don't think I'm wrong."

"You're wrong. If the Emperor wanted the Crown Prince to rule the world, he wouldn't have allowed Wu Dangkong to oversee the nation. From ancient times until now, when the Emperor wasn't around, the Crown Prince oversaw the nation. That's the correct path." Marquis Dashi said, "We have to listen to the Emperor's intentions." "What does the Emperor mean?" The Iron Blood Marquis frowned.

"The Emperor means to revitalize the nation's destiny. We will follow whoever can do that," said Marquis Dashi. "From the looks of it, neither the Crown Prince nor Wu Dangkong can do it. Only the Calming Celestial Department can." "Eldest Brother, I understand." The Iron Blood Marquis thought for a moment, then sighed.