Chapter 975
===========

Nihility Ancestor Chapter 972 - Nihility Ancestor Chapter 972 - Nihility Ancestor This time, Gu Huasha made his move.

Gu Huasha didn't appear personally. Instead, he secretly channeled his cultivation base into Zhang Ziran's body, allowing Zhang Ziran to resist the corrosion of the Dharma Saint. At the same time, he had to counterattack and capture the Dharma Saint.

"Indeed, my gamble was right."

When Zhang Ziran felt the boundless energy within his body, he knew that he had made the right choice. However, this was the only choice he had. Otherwise, only death would await him.

The Emperor Of Heaven didn't care about emotions. If he followed Gu Huasha, he might be able to struggle on while at death's door.

Naturally, Zhang Ziran wouldn't completely trust Gu Huasha. He was merely borrowing Gu Huasha to increase his strength and obtain some breathing space. Otherwise, he would have died right now.

And now that he and the Dharma Saint were to make a move, it meant that there was no room for reconciliation with the Heaven Court. As the ruler of the Human Realm, he had to lead the Human Realm to rise up against the Heaven Court.

However, he didn't feel the slightest bit of fear. Instead, he felt some sort of release from the depths of his heart, causing his entire being to turn pure. In an instant, a bright light shone from the top of his head as streams of Dragonless Heart Sutra flowed out. He actually started to comprehend it, causing his cultivation base to rise steadily as well.

"Wonderful."

Gu Huasha was watching the battle from the great hall of the palace, "Once this Zhang Ziran lets go of his burden and breaks off with the Heaven Court, he would also be able to stimulate his spirit force. This man is a powerful character to begin with, but he is being suppressed by the Heaven Court. After releasing his spirit force, he might have a chance to master the Dragonless Heart Sutra. The Human Realm is where the fate energy is, and the ruler of the Human Realm is the core of the fate energy. My plan seems to have a chance of succeeding." Zhang Ziran himself was truly a crucial character. The fate energy on him was almost incomparable. Humans represented the spirit of all living beings. The Human Realm was the ruler of all worlds.

Theoretically speaking, the Heavenly Court was nothing more than a parasite that attached itself to the human world, absorbing nutrients from the human world to strengthen itself.

Zhang Ziran's determination to break off relations with the Heavenly Court was actually in line with the Dao of the human world. Rumble! Something in him was stirred.

In the span of a breath, many of the shackles of power in the Human Realm were broken by him, and he regained the power of the Human Realm. Crackle!

His power spread out, and the Human Realm automatically rotated. With him as the center, a circle of ripples erupted. Wherever the ripples went, all the gods were swept away and disappeared in the ripples.

The Heaven Court created all kinds of gods, earth gods, city gods, door gods, and so on. There were countless of them. This was especially true in the capital.

Now, all the Divine Spirits in the capital had been swept clean, melted by Zhang Ziran's ripples. Then, the ripples continued to expand. Hundreds of thousands of miles, millions of miles, hundreds of millions of miles, billions of miles, ten billion miles … All the Divine Spirits in the surrounding area had been wiped out in an instant. The phenomenon of the Gods Who Look Three Feet Above Their Heads no longer existed.

"How dare you!" Seeing this situation, the Dharma Saint almost couldn't restrain his anger.

"Zhang Ziran, do you know what you are doing?

You destroyed the foundation of the Divine Spirits in the Heavenly Court and disturbed the Human Realm. You will be stripped of everything, and you will beg for death. "

"Hahahaha …" Zhang Ziran laughed loudly: "Dharma Saint, you are wrong. The moment I broke off relations with the Heavenly Court, I have completely put down the shackles of my soul and obtained the blessing of the righteous path of the human world. As the creator of the Human Realm, my strength is no longer below yours. My cultivation can completely suppress you. No matter how strong you are, you are no match for the Human Realm." A small Human Realm appeared above Zhang Ziran's head.

The appearance of this Human Realm meant that Zhang Ziran's control over the Human Realm had deepened a lot. Using the power of the Human Realm, it seemed to be a piece of cake for him to suppress the Dharma Saint.

No matter how strong the Dharma Saint was, compared to the entire Human Realm, he was still insignificant. The Human Realm was more than ten thousand times bigger than the original Heavenly Realm.

Even if he could only use one ten-thousandth of the Human Realm's power, it was equivalent to the entire power of the original Heavenly Realm.

"Zhang Ziran, it seems that you are really reckless. Do you really think that you can use the Human Realm?

The Heavenly Court has been planning for so long and has long penetrated into every bit of the Human Realm. Completely controlling the Human Realm is just around the corner. This little fluctuation of yours is just a wave in the surging tide. "

Suddenly, the Dharma Saint used some kind of divine ability and left the battlefield. He directly returned to the Heavenly Court.

As for Zhang Ziran, he slowly withdrew his power and panted. He didn't dare to chase after him, nor did he dare to take the opportunity to attack the Heavenly Court. Just now, when he used the power of the Human Realm, he felt that he suffered a huge backlash. He almost used up all his strength and almost collapsed. He knew that his strength was still not enough. If it wasn't for Gu Huasha's input, he would have already died from exhaustion.

"Zhang Ziran, your strength is still too weak."

Gu Huasha walked over and said, "But there is one thing that is not bad, you can finally control the power of the Human Realm again. The Human Realm is inconceivable. With each passing day, it will expand a little and its power will increase a lot. If you completely control the Human Realm, you can definitely be called the Ancestor of Human. "

"Now that I have completely severed my ties with the Heavenly Court, what do you think my next step should be?"

Zhang Ziran became completely polite to Gu Huasha, almost like a student asking his teacher for advice, "At first, I thought that you are the true body of the Emperor Of Heaven, but now it seems that you are not. Because if you push me to become the Ancestor of Human, it will be a huge blow to the Heavenly Court. This kind of thing, unless the Emperor Of Heaven is schizophrenic, he will definitely not do it."

"You can't understand what I mean for now, but it doesn't matter. You just need to remember that I can save you from this disaster. Otherwise, you would have been captured by the Heavenly Court and sent into reincarnation, suffering for generations to come, and your family's fate would be even more miserable."

Gu Huasha said, "If I guessed correctly, the Heavenly Court will not openly attack you, but someone will rise up in the Human Realm to change the dynasty.

The Human Realm has its own rules, if the Emperor Of Heaven acts to suppress you, it is equivalent to destroying some kind of fate. "

"Hahahaha …" Zhang Ziran laughed, "This way, I am not afraid. If the Heavenly Court openly attacks me, and the Emperor Of Heaven acts to suppress me, I am very afraid, because I am not a match for the Emperor Of Heaven, I can only destroy indiscriminately. But if the Emperor Of Heaven does this, I don't care at all." "This is the most ruthless move."

Gu Huasha's face did not have a relaxed expression, "You underestimate the power of this move. In fact, the Emperor Of Heaven already predicted that you would rebel, so he has many plans.

A new Child of Destiny will appear, and after he appears, he will take your position. At the same time, when the two of you fight each other, the Emperor Of Heaven will take the opportunity to make the people's hearts stronger. Split and combine, combine and separate. The creation of the Mandate of Heaven, the rise and fall of the Mandate of Heaven, this is a smelting process. The Emperor Of Heaven treats the Human Realm as a giant forging furnace, and you are all his smelted steel. "

"I want to see what kind of Child of Destiny will deal with me, the Human Ancestor." Now, Zhang Ziran did not call himself the Master of the Human Realm, but directly called himself the Human Ancestor.

"That person will appear soon. What you need to do now is to strengthen the foundation of the Imperial Court, worship the Human Ancestor, and abolish the Heavenly Court's worship ceremony. You need to bring about the belief that man can conquer the heavens."

Guhuasha said, "Once the words' man can conquer the heavens' come out, and you are the ancestor of humanity, the sacrifices and fate energy will all be gathered on you. After a period of time, your Dragonless Heart Sutra will definitely be completed, and it will not be impossible for you to reach the realm of Hongling Sand."

"In that case, I still need your help." At this time, Zhang Ziran would definitely not let go of Gu Huasha.

"I will definitely help you. However, when you worship the Human Ancestor, you can also erect an ancestor, and that is the Nihility Ancestor. The Ancestor of Nothingness is me. The so-called Nihility Ancestor is empty, and it gives birth to everything, but it does not exist. Everything is born from nothingness. Nothingness is me, and I am nothingness.

I am the ancestor of everything, and I occupy the highest position. You, the Human Ancestor, live below me. Of course, you can recruit the Grand Feather Sand, and worship the Taoist Ancestor. That way, you can quickly dissolve the power of the Emperor Of Heaven. "Gu Huasha said.

"That's a good idea."

Zhang Ziran laughed. "The Nihility Ancestor is at the top, the Human Ancestor is at the bottom, and the Taoist Ancestor is at the same level. That way, when the three ancestors join forces, they will naturally occupy all of the destiny in heaven and earth."

As he spoke, Zhang Ziran's keen senses picked up on something. 'So, Gu Huasha and Gu Chensha seem to have some sort of rift, and Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra takes up the word' Nothingness'.

Now that Gu Huasha wants to become the Nihility Ancestor, he wants to occupy all of the destiny of the word 'Nothingness', and cause Gu Chensha to lose some sort of destiny. After that, Everlasting will have a new master. '

Zhang Ziran said, "I think we can add another ancestor, and that would be the Eternal Ancestor, Gu Chensha. What do you think?" "That's fine."

Gu Huasha's expression flickered. He looked at Zhang Ziran for a moment, then smiled. "If you want to do it, then just do it. You're being very insightful.

I guess I underestimated you. Based on this idea alone, I can tell you that your future is limitless, and that you won't be killed by the Emperor Of Heaven. " "In that case, I'll get it done right away."

Zhang Ziran could tell what Gu Huasha was hinting at, but he played dumb and left to gather the officials of the court. After a moment of thought, Gu Huasha vanished.

After they were gone, Gu Chensha appeared. "The Fourth is very interesting. Very interesting. Not only will this Eternal Ancestor not help my cultivation base, it will actually weaken my destiny. After all, I've already begun to reach the Deathless level, and the sacrifices of all living beings will bind me to the Eternal level. That doesn't matter to me.

The Fourth, ah, The Fourth. You're very mysterious. But now I know exactly what your relationship with the Emperor Of Heaven is. "