Chapter 416
===========

The East Wilderness was a general term. There was no fixed region. Even the East of the Divine Land was called the East. The concept of North, South, East, and West was centered around the Divine Land. It could be said that the Divine Land had been the core of the Land of Infinity since ancient times. Countless heroes and saints came from the Divine Land. There seemed to be an inexplicable power in the Divine Land.

The Heaven Sacrifice Talisman also appeared in the Divine Land and fell into the hands of the people of the Divine Land. It would never appear in the Barbarian Land.

Since ancient times, only the Emperor who unified China could be called the legitimate Emperor. The others were all barbarians, inferior, and barbarians. Even in the Great Wei Dynasty in the West, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor was not the Emperor.

"The East Wilderness has been the base of the Immortal Dao Sects since ancient times. The South Wilderness is occupied by demons. The North is the Gobi Desert and the West is the ocean. But the Land of Infinity is so vast that even Sages can't fly out of it to explore its borders. Because of this, the Land of Infinity is called Infinity.

There were so many sceneries in the whole land. Even the mountains and rivers of the East Wilderness attracted Gu Chensha's attention.

Compared to the Wilderness, the East Wilderness was a place full of heroes. Many martial arts experts settled there in an attempt to obtain the Immortal Fate. If they were chosen by the Immortal Dao Sects, they would have the chance to obtain the secret of immortality.

Gu Chensha knew that even now, many people from all over the Yongchō went to the East Wilderness to seek Immortality. But most of them died in the forests.

The East Wilderness was not peaceful either. The situation was complicated. There were many martial arts experts and the disciples of the Immortal Dao Sects. There was no unified law. Most of the disciples would hide in the sects after killing people and robbing them. It was impossible to find them. Gu Chensha was very familiar with the situation in the East Wilderness.

Jin Suibo's job was to collect information about the major Immortal Dao Sects in the East Wilderness. He collected reports of recent events and studied them in detail to obtain first-hand information at all times. Besides that, Jin Suibo also planted informants in the major Immortal Dao Sects. These informants would also secretly pass on information.

Under Jin Suibo's painstaking management, the Tranquil Immortal Department had formed a dense net that gradually infiltrated the inner part of the Immortal Dao Sect.

The Tranquil Immortal Department had huge financial resources. In the past, they had the two great Dharma treasure manufacturing factories, Buzhou Palace and Dragon Gate. The Buzhou Palace, in particular, combined with the power of the Common People's Wish sphere, produced a large number of armors, weapons, and talismans. It was very useful in buying people's hearts in the Immortal Dao.

Apart from this, the Tranquil Immortal Department's magic treasures were also sold in large quantities to the profound sects of the Immortal Dao, earning quite a bit of wealth.

It was just that recently, because the Buzhou Palace and the Dragon Gate had been directly absorbed by the Heavenly Demon Tree when it was born, no new treasures had been born. This led to a lack of control over the Mysterious Gate of the Immortal Dao.

This was something that couldn't be helped. After the Heavenly Demon Tree was born, it had undergone an unparalleled transformation. In the long run, it had to continue like this. However, within eight to ten years, it would be impossible for the sapling to condense treasures.

And that was with the help of the Extreme Celestial Pearl. Otherwise, the Heavenly Yao Tree would not be able to provide any help for the next few hundred years. Not even a single drop of energy could be stored within the sphere of the Life's Will. This was the domineering nature of the Heavenly Demon Tree.

Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya were both thinking of ways to make the Heavenly Demon Tree grow quickly. Otherwise, the world was in full swing. If it was delayed for decades or even centuries, wouldn't it be disastrous?

Flying in the sky above the Eastern Barren Land, one could look down at the mountains and rivers. Some of the mountain peaks were even higher than the clouds, piercing deep into the sky. There were powerful restrictive spells on them. Needless to say, these were the mountain gates of some powerful sects.

Apart from this, there were also mountains shrouded in clouds. They were like mirages, and it was impossible to fly in. One would get lost within. This was also a method used by some sects.

Of course, these were methods only second and third-rate sects had. As for the Primordial 72 Mysterious Gates, they had opened up huge time voids.

Gu Chensha didn't alarm any powerful existences. He avoided some formation mountains along the way and headed straight for the depths of the Eastern Barren Land, where the Mysterious Gate of the Universe was.

After a full three days and three nights, he didn't stop to rest. Only then did he reach the depths of the Eastern Barren Land.

With his speed, three days and three nights was enough for a Dao Realm 18 Transformation Golden Core Realm cultivator to fly for a year or even several years.

In the depths of the Eastern Barren Land, the scenery changed once more. Between the mountains, there were often giant plains. Some plains were the size of a state or even several states in the Divine Continent.

On these giant plains, there were many people. There were cities, towns, and villages. They would then join together to form a country. Within the country, there would be a king and an emperor.

Gu Chensha knew that most of these plains were not natural. They were created by brilliant cultivators using great magical powers to move the mountains, rivers, and veins of the earth so that ordinary people could live and reproduce in them. Firstly, it was to supplement the foundation of the sect. Secondly, it was for those cultivators with great magical powers to do experiments like Jing Qiu. They wanted to use this method to understand the secrets of time, the mortal world, and the world.

Of course, during the three days and three nights that Gu Chensha traveled in the Eastern Barren Land, he saw that most of the people on the plains didn't have a strong destiny. They were in a mess and didn't have a fiery aura. This was far worse than the Sama Empire that Jing Qiu had built.

Moreover, the language, culture, and even the books they read were all inherited from the Divine Great Land.

As for the Sama Empire, Jing Qiu had created its own language and even had a calculation method. It was like a saint had created a brand new civilization.

It seemed like Jing Qiu was so talented and his cultivation was so deep that even Fa Wuxian wasn't a match for him. Whoosh! Gu Chensha appeared on a plain surrounded by tall mountains.

This plain was about two to three times the size of Xian Province. It was vast and the surrounding mountains pierced into the sky. The mountains were covered in white snow and looked really holy and pure.

"I'm here. This should be the location of the Mysterious Gate of the Universe." Gu Chensha recalled the information that Jin Suibo had received.

On this vast plain, there was also a country that was very prosperous. Gu Chensha even saw some cultivators flying around and landing on the surrounding snowy mountains.

He took a brief look and found that the destiny of this country was peaceful. Although it wasn't as fierce as fire, there was a hint of good fortune. Whoosh!

He directly landed in the capital city in the center of the country. There was a huge temple. This temple was built in the shape of a round sky and a square earth. There was a bright light on it that rushed into the clouds and never extinguished. There were four words written on the temple, "Great Temple of the Universe." This was the contact point of the Mysterious Gate of the Universe in the secular world.

Gu Chensha landed in front of the temple and saw two guardian beasts. They looked like tigers but they had horns on their heads and wings on their backs. Their eyes were golden and their fur was like gold.

These were Golden Fur Bears and they were really strong. They were born with the ability to see through evil spirits and could swallow them directly. They were similar to Dao Realm 13 Transformation Devouring Demons and Ghouls. Of course, this was the special ability of the Golden Fur Bears and it wasn't something that could compare to Dao Realm 13 Transformation cultivators. Apart from these two Golden Fur Bears, there were a few kids cleaning outside.

When they saw Gu Chensha appear here, they didn't panic and just said, "Stop, this is where the Great Temple of the Universe is."

"I am from the Celestial Path and want to enter the Mysterious Gate of the Universe. Head in and report." Gu Chensha waved his hands and didn't reveal his identity.

The two Golden Fur Bears seemed to be able to understand human language. Their ears stood up and their eyes shone brightly as they looked towards Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha released his aura slightly and the two Golden Fur Bears retreated like they were frightened. The few kids were shocked. They knew that the Golden Fur Bears had the ability to check on people. From this, one could see that this person was really strong. A kid hurriedly walked in and an hour later, he came out and invited Gu Chensha in.

Gu Chensha followed the boy into the temple. All along the way, there were wide paths that were simple yet vast, and there weren't any pavilions or corridors. It revealed a feeling of the boundlessness and profundity of the universe. The construction style was filled with the mysteries of space and time. Walking into the entrance of an ancient hall, the boy silently retreated. Gu Chensha stepped into the hall.

He saw that although it was pitch black, there were two people standing there. One male and one female. The male looked like a celestial and the female was really elegant. They were both top geniuses.

"I didn't expect that King Chensha from the Celestial Peace Division would be here. Our Mysterious Gate of the Universe has failed to welcome you. The Sect Leader got the news and ordered us to come and welcome you. Please forgive me for my negligence, Your Highness. "The male cultivator cupped his hands and bowed.

Gu Chensha didn't find it weird that the other party knew his identity. Chang Weiyang was really scheming and she was probably no weaker than a Saint. Her heart would definitely be moved by his arrival.

"I came to visit the Mysterious Gate of the Universe in a hurry and didn't bring any gifts. I am the one who neglected you."

Gu Chensha's spiritual sense moved and two thoughts entered their minds, "This is a small cultivation technique created by the ancient Seven Star Lord, Jiang Gongwang. I see that your cultivation is about to reach the 14th Transformation of the Dao Realm. This technique refines the mental energy in your mind and makes it pure. This way, your soul will be stronger and you won't suffer from cultivation deviation.

Of course, the cultivation technique of the Mysterious Gate of the Universe is profound, but you can learn from it. "

Two more cultivation techniques appeared in the minds of the male and female cultivators. They looked at each other and comprehended them. Instantly, joy appeared on their faces. This cultivation technique was really amazing and exquisite.

"Thank you for your gift, King. Please."

The young man and woman walked into the depths of the hall. Instantly, a huge door of space and time appeared. Behind the door was another world. Without a doubt, that was where the Mysterious Gate of the Universe was.