Chapter 1064
============

Many Protagonists?

"Zhang Ziran does have a chance."

Gu Chensha also noticed that Zhang Ziran came to the Arcane Kingdom to look for opportunities. In fact, there were several super giant universes outside, such as the Taiwu Universe, the Mother Nest Universe, and the Immemorial Universe, but the Arcane Universe had the highest chance, and there were two opportunities to achieve the Supreme Immortal Realm.

As for Zhang Ziran, Gu Chensha didn't want to kill him. In fact, it was reasonable for him to betray the Dragonless Cabinet. After all, he was born as the most important Lord of the Human Realm under the Emperor Heaven, and he had his own ideas. What's more, even some of the existences he created would betray him.

"However, Zhang Ziran's son, Zhang Yi Ren, also has a chance to reach the Supreme Immortal Realm. Zhang Yi Ren already had a hundred times the power of Long Xiang Tian, I even sealed the terrible will and the Ancient Dao Immortal in his body. In this era full of opportunities, it's not impossible for him to reach the Supreme Immortal Realm. It's just a matter of time, who will reach the Supreme Immortal Realm first."

Gu Chensha, as the mastermind behind the scenes, was constantly promoting the development of certain events.

Zhang Ziran, Zhang Yi Ren, and even The Fourth, they weren't hysterical characters like Fa Wuxian, so Gu Chensha could tolerate them.

"Now, the most promising people to reach the Supreme Immortal Realm are these people."

Gu Chensha moved his palm, and a huge Fate Map appeared in front of him. In this Fate Map, there were many stars flashing, among them were Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, Wu Sheng, Jin Suibo and others, and the The Fourth, Gu Huasha, Zhang Ziran, Zhang Yi Ren, Hong Ling Sha, Liu Chansha, Dharma Saint, Long Xiang Tian and others, of course, Teddy Lin Yu, Meholi, Lin Xiaofan and others, they also had a chance to reach the Supreme Immortal Realm.

"Hmm?" At that point, another star rose up from the chart. It was none other than Zhao Jiangshan.

Zhao Jiangshan was originally the first person to advance to the Heavenly Dao Realm. Unfortunately, after he advanced to the Heavenly Dao Realm in the Righteous and Evil Universes, he immediately became complacent. Therefore, he challenged Gu Chensha's authority and was directly suppressed by Gu Chensha. He turned into a bull that opened up the void everywhere, creating one world after another. Those worlds then merged and formed a universe.

It was unknown just how many worlds this person had created. As he created them, his cultivation base continued to rise. Suddenly, he seemed to have broken free from some kind of restriction and went into hiding.

Zhao Jiangshan had gone into hiding in the Immemorial Cosmos, searching for an opportunity to ascend to the Undying Realm. Deep down, he hated Gu Chensha.

As a Heavenly Dao Realm expert, he should have been invincible. Unfortunately, Gu Chensha had turned him into a bull, a humiliation that was second only to Fa Wuxian.

Of course, Zhao Jiangshan didn't vent the humiliation to the point of insanity, nor did he vent his anger on others. Instead, he silently endured it, hoping to get revenge after reaching the Undying Realm. That was much better than Fa Wuxian. Otherwise, Gu Chensha wouldn't have been able to tolerate him.

"Stars Vie for Splendor."

Gu Chensha's chart of destiny changed again. The astral destiny represented by these people transformed into tiny dragons. Then five pearls appeared in the sky, which began to fight with each other.

Currently, in this world, there were five obvious opportunities to reach the Undying Realm. The four super colossal universes had four opportunities, and the gourd of the Undying Realm that Fa Wuxian had transformed into was also an opportunity.

"In my new world, there are also endless opportunities to reach the Undying Realm. However, I won't let them out until the time is right. Of course, there are still some opportunities to reach the Undying Realm apart from my new world. That terrifying thing hasn't completely disintegrated yet."

The Ancient Dust Sand fell into the world outside the void. In that place, the terrifying thing was still wriggling and expanding. However, it was about to ripen, the melon that was ripe and the stalks that fell. Once it did, there would be at least dozens of opportunities to reach the Undying Realm.

Of course, at that time, there would also be dozens of opportunities to reach the Undying Realm in the new world. But this was relative.

That terrifying thing represented the highest essence of the old world, while the new world represented the embryonic form of a new era. Sooner or later, there would be a final clash between the two. Once they clashed, the victor would be determined. Whoever won would be able to continue on.

The fundamental rules of the old world were devouring, plundering, evolution, then destruction, and conservation of energy.

Between heaven and earth, there was a fixed amount of energy. First, there would be a small dot, then a huge explosion, giving birth to myriad things. The myriad things would survive, natural selection, devouring each other, and growing stronger. It was like raising a Gu. The strongest Gu would be the only one, and then it would turn into a small dot, then explode again, turning into myriad things.

The fundamental rules of the new world were dedication, giving, expansion, infinity, non-conservation of energy, and endless energy. These two kinds of rules were completely different, fundamentally different. Therefore, in the following era, the one with the upper hand would depend on the battle.

The representatives of the old world were Mister Everlasting and the others, while the representative of the new world was Gu Chensha. Right now, Gu Chensha had the upper hand, while Mister Everlasting was being suppressed. Therefore, the power of the new world was constantly expanding.

However, Gu Chensha knew that Mister Everlasting and the others weren't his greatest opponents. A true opponent who could stand on equal footing with him had yet to appear. But now, there was already such a spearhead.

For example, Lin Xiaofan, Meholi, Teddy Lin Yu, all of them were born, intentionally or unintentionally challenging Gu Chensha's position. Although these people wouldn't amount to much, even if they reached the Undying Realm, it wouldn't be of much use. But after all, the entire multiverse already had such characteristics.

In the future, there would be even stronger 'main characters' who would continuously challenge Gu Chensha, until Gu Chensha was pulled down from his throne. Of course, Gu Chensha definitely wouldn't do as these people wished.

He wouldn't suppress the birth of these 'main characters' either. Instead, he would welcome their birth and challenge his position. This was also a form of motivation for himself.

Gu Chensha's thinking was very far-sighted. Not only did he want to use the power of these 'main characters' to increase his resources and reach the Undying Realm, but he also wanted to go even further and reach the Undying Realm Level 11. However, Gu Chensha had no idea what the Undying Realm Level 11 was. However, he felt that the Path of Immortality should be endless. The world would always develop, and he had to break through bottlenecks step by step. This was his Path of Endless Creation.

"I'm thinking too far ahead …" Shaking his head, Gu Chensha looked at the Fate Map. There seemed to be some dragons being born, and they all had hope of reaching the Undying Realm.

Gu Chensha's Fate Map was a map that controlled everything in the universe at all times. As long as someone's Fate Qi reached the point where they could reach the Invincible Immortal level, it would show up on the Fate Map.

After he finished his observation, he found that in many places in the Arcana Universe, people with the fate of 'main characters' were slowly gathering and being born.

In other words, as the Arcana Universe grew stronger, there would be more and more people like Teddy Lin Yu and Lin Xiaofan.

"Interesting, this is too interesting."

Gu Chensha dispersed the Fate Map and turned into an ordinary Arcanist, walking in a village in the Arcana Universe.

Most places in the Arcana Universe had good weather and beautiful scenery, especially the villages, which were quiet, rich, and healthy.

Many civilians worked in the fields. Some planted food, some planted arcana medicinal herbs, and they tried to sell them to Arcanists in exchange for opportunities.

Lin Xiaofan silently entered the Arcana Universe, and he didn't cause a stir, so the Arcana Universe was still very peaceful.

The roads in the village were very neat, wide, and all of them were solid and smooth stone slabs, and they weren't mined from the mountains, but created by the arcana spell "Mud to Stone".

Among the arcana spells, there was an arcana spell that could turn mud into hard rock. The arcana spell could only turn mud into sandstone, and the more advanced ones could turn it into granite, and the more powerful ones could turn it into diamond. In addition, there was also the "Golden Touch" spell, which could turn mud into gold. Now, in some major cities, some roads were really paved with gold.

Of course, gold was not a hard currency in the Arcana Kingdom, but an ornament. The currency in the Arcana Kingdom was the Arcana Coin.

The Arcana Coin was a common currency issued by the Arcana Union, and every coin had arcana sealed in it, which had great benefits. It could even be used directly as food.

For example, Gu Chensha saw that in the village market, some civilians were buying slaves with Arcana Coins.

The lowest level of Arcana Coin had an arcana sealed in it called "Nutrition". After using this Arcana Coin, there would be an arcana aura that rushed into the body of the person, and it could satisfy the person's nutrition for a day. The person didn't need to eat or drink, and it could also maintain their spirit and physical strength.

One Arcana Coin could be exchanged for ten days of food, or even more. After all, the Nutrition in the Arcana Coin was very convenient. The Arcana Coin was small and easy to carry, and the Nutrition in it was very pure, unlike other food that had to be excreted after eating, so it could be exchanged with food for ten times.

That was the currency policy formulated by Gu Chensha for the Arcana Union. Before Gu Chensha controlled the Arcana Union, the entire Arcana Kingdom still used gold and silver, and the arcanists exchanged various materials with each other.

After Gu Chensha formulated the Arcana Coin policy, immediately, the economy of the entire Arcana Universe was completely stabilized, and a large amount of luck poured into the Arcana Network, which made the Arcana Network improved by dozens of times. However, it also increased Gu Chensha's control over the Arcana Network a lot.