Chapter 923
===========

Geniuses remembered in a second, 'Go if you like? Say → ', providing you with wonderful novels to read. Chapter 910: Spiritual Qi Vanishing Chapter 910: Spiritual Qi Vanishing

Gu Chensha's ideal, or perhaps the essence of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, was to create a truly independent and free individual that could survive on its own without relying on anything else.

The Celestial Venerable realm was nominally outside the Three Realms, not within the Five Elements, and could not rely on spiritual qi, immortal qi, or even primal chaos energy to absorb power.

But Celestial Venerables were not immortal, and their lifespans were limited. If a Celestial Venerable wanted to advance to the Longevity realm, they would need to control a large number of sacrifices and obtain power from them. But Celestial Venerables could not extract immortal substances from the power of sacrifices.

Their use of sacrifices was to directly fuse them, and their methods were still very backward and primitive. Thus, in the eyes of Gu Chensha, Celestial Venerables were still eating raw meat and drinking blood.

And even Celestial Venerables needed to plunder external objects before advancing to the Celestial Venerable realm. After advancing to the Celestial Venerable realm, they would need to plunder even more external objects to obtain sacrifices. Up until now, there had never been anything that was born without plundering external objects. Gu Chensha himself was also plundering. Of course, Gu Chensha could see this. He was thinking and creating, and was about to succeed. He wanted to quickly break away from the shackles of these ancient laws and obtain true freedom.

However, even if he obtained great freedom himself, it was still not enough. He wanted to lead the masses towards true freedom. Only then would his achievements be considered complete, and he would reach a realm that had never been seen since ancient times. Even the Ancient Immortal Treading Stage could not compare to him. In fact, he had already touched the Ancient Immortal Treading Stage.

"This time's grand ceremony is a great tribulation. You, Zhuge Ya, and many others will face the most critical tribulation. Of course, there is also Baiyue. We can only succeed, and not fail. If we fail, I'm afraid the situation will deteriorate day by day, and it will be very difficult to turn things around," said Gu Chensha.

"This grand ceremony was not proposed by us, but by the family head called Nangong Xun. His cultivation seems to be at the Celestial Venerable realm, but he has hidden it very deeply. I actually can't see what trump cards he has," said Wen Hong.

"I've been observing this person for a long time."

Gu Chensha flicked his finger and an image appeared in front of him. It was the figure of Nangong Xun. At this moment, Wen Hong could vaguely see a gigantic pillar appearing behind Nangong Xun. This pillar dominated the universe and supported the heavens. It was the backbone of the heavens and could support everything.

"This is …" Wen Hong was shocked.

"This is the pillar of the Heavenly Court, called the Primordial Chaos Heavenly Pillar. It is the center of the Heavenly Court, and it is no small matter. It is still in the Dragon Gate of the Prehistoric Universe, the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, and the Primordial Mist Tree. In the future, the Demonic Ape of Chaos stole the Primordial Chaos Heavenly Pillar and forged it into his own weapon. He rampaged through many worlds, wreaking havoc in the Underworld, attacking the Immortal World, the God World, the Devil World, and the Heavenly Court. In the end, he was suppressed by the Emperor Heaven. "

Gu Chensha pointed at the pillar and said, "This pillar fell into the hands of Nangong Xun. This Nangong Xun is also a huge variable. In the future world, this person does not actually exist.

From this, it can be seen that the Heavenly Court is also changing, and the Emperor Heaven is also changing. Everything in the future has become confusing. No one can guess what will happen. Many predetermined things are no longer fixed. " "From now on, we can only walk the path one step at a time. Let's do our best to organize this great ceremony. "

Wen Hong frowned. "However, Nangong Xun proposed this great ceremony. This person also has the Primordial Chaos Heavenly Pillar, so he is definitely not one of us. He will definitely cause trouble during the great ceremony. What should we do?"

"It's not just this Nangong Xun. There is also Duan Xiaoxian and Xu Ziyu who want to cause trouble during the great ceremony. These people all have ill intentions, but I don't want to kill them. I will still give them a great chance. If they can get rid of their thoughts and work together, so that all living beings in the world can truly become immortal, then I will be very happy."

Gu Chensha said, "Let's see if these people are smart or not. This great tribulation is our doom, but it is also their doom. If they are stubborn, then the only thing that awaits them is death." "It seems like Chensha, you have everything planned out?" Wen Hong asked.

"I can't say that I have everything planned out, but we will definitely not allow the situation that we have worked so hard to build to collapse. In fact, we have obtained the warships and systems left behind by the prehistoric technological civilization, and we have integrated them into the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wildernesses. This has allowed the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wildernesses to truly unite and become one. In this way, this place will be even larger than the future Heavenly Court," Gu Chensha said.

"Right, Chensha, why don't you go talk to those people now and make things clear? If we wait until the great ceremony and these people make their move, I'm afraid that we will be forced into a passive position." Wen Hong was still a little worried.

"It's fine. If we talk to these people now, it will be hard to avoid alerting them. When they suddenly make their move during the great ceremony, all the karma will be revealed, and all the secrets will be completely exposed. We can then completely crush all the hidden conspiracies. At that time, the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wildernesses will truly become immortal nations, and they will expand outwards and finally sweep through all the realms."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "We have to gather all our people. In the great tribulation, the human heart is the most tested. The human heart can create everything, and it can also destroy everything." "We have already started moving." Wen Hong nodded and left to make the final preparations.

Gu Chensha watched as Wen Hong left, and his eyes looked even further. In an instant, his eyes saw through the entire Heaven Realm. In the past, no one could clearly see the entire Heaven Realm, and no one could measure how vast and vast it was. The Heaven Realm was also known as the Endless Mainland, and it was endless. But now, in Gu Chensha's eyes, the Heaven Realm was actually not very big.

He saw a sphere. This sphere used to be the center of the space-time turbulence, and it was the model for all realms. People from all realms wanted to enter the Heaven Realm to obtain the greatest opportunity.

In the space-time turbulence, the other realms were like small ponds, small rivers, and there were no big fishes in them. The Heaven Realm was the vast ocean, and it could contain giant whales and flood dragons.

Even in the Boundless World, it could at most give birth to a Heavenly Lord, and there was only one quota. But the Heaven Realm was different.

However, the current Celestial Realm was completely different. It seemed to have become a pitch-black sphere. There was no light or heat, and it was covered with dense cracks. These cracks had penetrated into the deepest layer of Celestial Realm's space and crystal wall, causing it to feel like it was about to collapse. Kacha kacha …

Gu Chensha calmed his heart and listened carefully. He could even hear the deepest part of the Heaven Realm, and there were cracking sounds all the time. This meant that the entire Heaven Realm was about to collapse. How huge was the Heaven Realm? Once it collapsed, how many far-reaching effects would it have? This was simply a disaster that would destroy the world.

"It seems like the collapse of the Heaven Realm is unstoppable, and I am not going to stop it. Keeping the Heaven Realm intact is actually meaningless to me."

Gu Chensha thought to himself, "But the Human Realm, Demon Realm, Demon Realm, God Realm, and Celestial Realm are about to appear." Bang!

Just as Gu Chensha was thinking, there was suddenly a loud explosion coming from afar, one after another. Many cultivators flew up. These cultivators all cried out in shock, "Why did my pill furnace explode? Is the Spiritual Qi out of balance? The Spiritual Qi between heaven and earth is thinning, and is dissipating? Could the rumors be true? "

"Not good, the Spiritual Qi is really thinning, which means we will not be able to absorb Spiritual Qi in the future. How can we cultivate?

Without Spiritual Qi, we will gradually be exhausted, and our True Qi will not be able to be replenished! " "The Spiritual Qi is dissipating so fast, I feel like the tide is ebbing."

Countless cultivators cried out one after another. Their faces were ashen, as though their parents had died.

Gu Chensha closed his eyes and then opened them. He saw something even more profound, "As I expected, the huge Spiritual Realm is shrinking, and all the Spiritual Qi will dissipate and automatically enter the Human Realm."

In the world, there was a layer. There were no living beings in this layer, but there was a huge amount of Spiritual Qi, which turned into Spiritual Qi. As long as a living being could step into the Dao Realm, they could use their own spiritual power to guide Spiritual Qi into their body, so that they did not need to eat grains to survive, and could directly reach the realm of Qi Fasting.

If there was no Spiritual Qi now, no matter how strong the living beings in the world were, they would not have a chance to advance, and would only keep regressing.

From this, it could be seen that the disappearance of Spiritual Qi would definitely cause a huge panic. This was even more terrifying than the earthquake in the Four Wilds and the Divine Prefecture.

"The Emperor Of Heaven wants to create the Human Realm and inject all the Spiritual Realm's Spiritual Qi into the Human Realm to form a huge world, and then use this as a temptation to make all living beings enter the Human Realm, completely encouraging the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds." Gu Chensha saw through the conspiracy, but he did not plan to stop it.

Because the world he wanted to create was a world that did not rely on plundering, a world that could survive independently. Any living being could rely on their own will to become immortal, to strengthen themselves. If they relied on plundering Spiritual Qi and Spiritual Qi to survive, then it was definitely not in line with Gu Chensha's philosophy. Gu Chensha let the panic spread. He did not stop the dissipation of Spiritual Qi.

If all the Spiritual Qi was gone, the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds would fall into absolute panic. This kind of panic even the Imperial Court could not suppress, because no one would be able to cultivate, and would fall into the deepest level of despair. Just like the people in ancient times who had no food to eat, they would destroy, and they would rebel at all costs, becoming more terrifying than demons. This was a huge test for people's hearts.

Gu Chensha looked at the chaos, and the country's aura was falling, but he was not afraid at all. Instead, everything was calculated.