Chapter 964
===========

Bizarre! Chapter 961: Bizarre!

"How dare you!"

When Nie Wansha saw the Feathersand, she laughed viciously. "Who are you? How dare you act so impudently in front of me. It seems you're able to resist the corrosive power of the red dust.

In that case, I'll capture you. I'll force you to tell me how you can resist the power of the red dust. " Crackle! Nie Wansha waved her hand, unleashing a consummate technique she had comprehended.

"Myriad Sand Annihilation Hand!"

In the blink of an eye, a river of eternal sand appeared, each grain of sand seeming to contain a world of life and death. The cycle of life and death was unpredictable, and within it appeared the various heavens, the legion of gods, the legion of devils, and all sorts of other existences, both tangible and intangible. Next, the waves of the river formed a giant hand that reached out to grab the Feathersand.

"You really are stubborn." Another flower appeared on the Feathersand's body. This flower was none other than the Freedom Flower.

As soon as the flower appeared, it blossomed, and the Myriad Sand Annihilation Hand was sucked into it.

Xia Wansha was shocked. "What kind of cultivation base is this? You're clearly weaker than me, but there's nothing I can do about it."

"Submit or not? If not, then die." The Feathersand didn't have the time to explain things to Xia Wansha.

She flicked her finger, and a Freedom Flower spun out, radiating boundless light that enveloped Xia Wansha.

"You wretch! How dare you treat me like this. Either you die, or I die! "

Xia Wansha's body shrank down, transforming into a fist-sized ball of light. It spun rapidly, then compressed to its limit, then exploded. RUMBLE! It was as if a thousand thousand worlds had been destroyed at the same time. The light of the Freedom Flower wavered.

But the Feathersand didn't care. She waved her body, and the power of the Freedom Flower surged out like a tide, wrapping around her in layers, making it impossible for the lightning to break through.

After the explosion, Xia Wansha once again reformed her body, but she looked much more listless than before. Clearly, she hadn't been able to escape.

"Give it to me." The Hongling Sand reached out and grabbed Xia Wansha's neck.

In an instant, Xia Wansha's body was lifted up like a duck. He felt as if his body's mutation source was being extracted bit by bit, and he screamed in fear.

"Spare me, spare me! I'm willing to submit. "Xia Wansha was scared out of her wits.

"Pray, sacrifice."

The Feather Sand didn't plan on killing Xia Wansha, because a living Xia Wansha's sacrificial power would be far greater than directly absorbing the Variant Origin.

"Yes, yes, yes …" Xia Wansha felt as if his life and death were in his hands. He did not dare to hesitate at all and immediately started to pray. Immediately, a massive wave of sacrificial power entered the Freedom Flower of the Hong Feather Sand.

"Alright, you stay in my Freedom Flower. I will confer you the title of a Guardian Deity."

The Freedom Flower on the top of the Hong Feather Sand's head spat out flames. Xia Wansha was bound by the flames, reduced to the size of an ant. He wandered around, praying, praising, becoming one of the Hong Feather Sand's protectors. After subduing Xia Wansha, the Hong Feather Sand's power increased greatly.

Her aura was clearly different, and she moved even faster. The Freedom Flower activated, opening up a pure land in the Human Realm.

"Amazing."

Gu Chensha felt the changes in the Dragonless Cultivation Method from the Hong Feather Sand's body and felt very pleased. This test subject was worth it.

"My next target is Yu King Sand. Just now, Xia Wansha's mutated source energy was equivalent to ten Long Xiangtian's. My next target, Yu King Sand, would be equivalent to twenty Long Xiangtian's. After subduing it, my strength would increase. Chu Wusha, Nie Xunsha, these people's strength would be equivalent to ten Long Xiangtian's. After subduing all of them, I can subdue Gu Dao Immortal. As long as I subdue Gu Dao Immortal and absorb all of them into my Freedom Flower's flame, I can become the third force and fight against Gu Chensha and Heaven Emperor. Who would be the final victor in the future? After subduing Xia Wansha, the Hong Feather Sand's body flickered, and he appeared in another place.

This place was a piece of land that King Yu Sand had created. It was extremely vast, and trillions of living beings were worshiping him.

He was much stronger than Xia Wansha, and he constantly circulated his power in an attempt to resist the erosion of the red dust power.

"I am invincible. Seal the red dust, condense the dao fruit, and fight poison with poison!"

King Yu Sand's body trembled, and the red dust power that had invaded his body and soul began to condense into a fruit. This fruit was strange and dazzling, and contained the most vicious of corruptive powers.

King Yu Sand had taken a different approach, condensing the red dust power into a dao fruit, as if he was creating a powerful weapon to fight against the Heavenly Court. If he threw the concentrated red dust power into the Heavenly Court and suddenly exploded, many of the immortal officials in the Heavenly Court would immediately fall into the cycle of reincarnation.

"This Yu King Sand is much stronger than Xia Wansha. He actually came up with such a method. Moreover, he comprehended the changes in his body and cultivated a method to fight poison with poison. He also seemed to have comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra and many other methods passed down from the Heavenly Court. Finally, he comprehended and created a new method. However, this method seems to be rather shallow and can't be passed down. You can only use it yourself." Hong Ling Sha waved his hand and directly appeared in front of Yu King Sand.

"You finally appeared?" King Yu Sand saw the Hong Feather Sand, and was not surprised. He had already sensed it.

"Oh? You actually know me? "The Hong Feather Sand was a little surprised.

"I have a feeling, and have comprehended many things. If I am not wrong, you should be the new Heaven Empress. The Heavenly Court has been established, and the Emperor Heaven's strength has reached the limit, and he has comprehended such a vicious thing as the Three Corpses God. However, the Heavenly Court is not yet complete. Because the Heaven Empress is missing. "

King Yu Sand said, "You have comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra, but the Emperor Heaven still wants to subdue you. Everything you are doing now is actually a struggle between Gu Chensha and the Emperor Heaven. You can't escape your own fate." "How do you know?"

The Hong Feather Sand's expression suddenly became extremely cold, "Do you believe that I will immediately kill you if you say these words?"

"It's up to you whether you believe it or not. Of course, deep in your heart, you believe it." King Yu Sand laughed, "However, do you want to escape your own fate?"

"Of course I can escape my own fate. What Gu Chensha, what Emperor Heaven? None of them can control me. Sooner or later, I will make them my slaves. As for your alarmist talk, I can only quickly subdue you." The Hong Feather Sand was about to make her move.

"Wait, I can rely on you. I won't lose anything anyway."

King Yu Sand said, "I am looking forward to seeing you break away from the entanglement of the Emperor Heaven and Gu Chensha, and establish your own world." "Is that so?

You are quite open-minded. Since that is the case, I will not make things difficult for you. You can worship me first, and become one of the protectors of my flame. "

The Hong Feather Sand actually did not believe the words of the King Yu Sand. She threw out the Freedom Flower above her head, and with a slight brush, the King Yu Sand was also swept into the flower. The King Yu Sand actually did not resist, and directly began to worship.

The Hong Feather Sand had subdued Xia Wansha and Yu Wansha, two people who had obtained the Variant Origin, and her strength had increased as if she had been reborn. She knew that even if she fought with Gu Daoxian now, she would not be at a disadvantage. However, she was not in a hurry.

If Xia Wansha and Yu Wansha were to be stripped of their Variant Origin and fused it with her, then the Hong Feather Sand's strength would increase explosively. However, this was a one-time deal, and was far better than subduing the two of them and making them worship her. However, although the two of them could continuously increase her strength, it required time. Moreover, the Hong Feather Sand felt that there was definitely something wrong with the King Yu Sand. Although she had subdued him now, she was afraid that if there was any movement, he would rebel. Therefore, she had to use her Dragonless Heart Sutra to completely subdue him.

'The hearts of people are fickle, and the hardest to subdue. Although he is dead set on you for a while, once the environment changes, he might immediately betray you.'

The Hong Feather Sand thought to herself, 'The Dragonless Heart Sutra can't be subdued either. Otherwise, that Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra is much more profound than mine. Why did so many experts enter the Human Realm when he established the Eternal World? Could it be that subduing the hearts of people is not the correct path?

If Gu Chensha wanted to act, the entire Human Realm would probably fall into his hands. However, he did not do so. Could it be that he comprehended an even deeper transformation of the Dragonless Heart Sutra?

No matter what, I have now subdued as many people who obtained the Variant Origin and gathered them together to become my Guardian Deities. Furthermore, I will use the power of their worship to refine more Undying, and finally break through to the Undying Realm. I will reach the level of Undying and stand on equal footing with Gu Chensha, Emperor Of Heaven, and become an Undying Realm. ' Just as she was about to continue, a few rays of light suddenly landed in front of her.

"Chu Wusha." "Nie Xunsha." "Qu Hesha." "Zhen Xin Sha." "Luo Xinsha." "Jin Cangsha." "We have come to pay our respects and pledge our allegiance to you."

Some of the people who obtained the Variant Origin actually came out in groups and prostrated themselves in front of the Hong Feather Sand, saying that they had come to pledge their allegiance to her.

"Hmm?"

The Hong Feather Sand was very puzzled. A sense of wariness immediately rose in her heart, 'Who actually ordered you to pledge your allegiance to me?'

"We were not ordered by anyone. We just felt some danger. Even if we did not pledge our allegiance to you, you would still come looking for us and subdue us one by one, am I right?

Rather than that, why don't we directly pledge our allegiance to you? This way, we won't be taken advantage of when we fight. "One of the men who wore a golden robe, Jin Cangsha, said.