Chapter 26
==========

"Yes!" Everyone kowtowed. Honglong! At that moment, Lou Baiyue was already attacking the Barbarian Race monster.

She was the only one who dared to go up and the others retreated. After the blood sacrifice, the Barbarian Race had obtained the evil god's power. They were really strong and were even more vicious and cruel. They also had the battle experience that the evil god passed down to them, so they had exceeded Grandmasters. Their combat strength was comparable to those at the first or second transformation of Dao Realm. The Princes present knew how strong they were, so who dared to go up?

When Fourteenth Prince Gu Yunsha saw this, he was shocked, "Lou Baiyue doesn't know how strong the Barbarian Race is after the blood sacrifice?"

He had fought at the border and killed Barbarian Race generals. He had met barbarians who sacrificed themselves to strengthen their comrades and obtained killing power in a short period of time. He could even kill those who had just entered Dao Realm. That was because this was the power of the evil god.

But this killing power used up one's life source and after it exploded out, the Barbarian Race generals would die. This was why when one faced such a barbarian race, one had to retreat and let them die naturally.

"Kill!"

Lou Baiyue used the Void Space Seal and her heart was calm. Her body flashed and she waved her hands. It was as if she had a thousand arms that pressed forwards. Instantly, a storm rose up. It was as if a giant wave had reached the heavens and a tsunami surged.

The Barbarian Race monster gave out a heart-tearing roar. Its sharp claws shone with a metallic light as it covered Lou Baiyue's head like it was about to rip open her skull.

This Barbarian Race monster's martial arts were mysterious and dark. It was bloody and evil but its moves were well trained. The intent of this martial arts far exceeded that of Grandmasters.

In an instant, Lou Baiyue seemed to have fallen into an illusion. The world was grey and hazy, and there were piles of white bones everywhere. It was as if he had stepped into the burial ground of the Netherworld.

Gu Chensha looked from afar, and the image of the center of the burial grounds appeared in his mind. There was a throne of white bones that was tens of thousands of feet tall, and there was a devil god sitting on it. This devil god had a human body and a wolf head. He held a giant scythe dripping with blood, and his eyes were green. He instantly locked onto everyone and stole their souls. Boundless spiritual pressure came crashing down.

Compared to this, the Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha's Lightning Slash Force was like a drop of water compared to the ocean. This Martial Dao Will contained the will of the Evil God. When he attacked, he could destroy the souls of Dao Realm experts.

"Grand Empyrean of the Void, formless Dharmic Realm!"

Lou Baiyue had already expected this. Otherwise, she would not have been so reckless. She immediately activated her secret technique. In Gu Chensha's perception, this woman no longer had any martial arts aura.

No, it shouldn't be said that she didn't have any martial way aura, but rather that her martial way aura was "nothingness", the void.

Since it was nothingness, then no martial arts aura or spiritual pressure would be able to affect her. At this moment, the sharp claws were already above his head, and he was in imminent danger.

In the nick of time, Lou Baiyue squatted down, shrank, and spun around. Her speed was as fast as a flame, and she was already behind the Brute Tribe demon. Her palm formed a seal, and she pressed it lightly. This move used the Void Daluo Dharmic Seal.

The demon from the Barbarian Race spun around furiously, only to see the entire Heaven and Earth filled with resplendent light. A palm descended from the Heavens, covering the entire Heaven and Earth. The palm was actually filled with a chaotic void that seemed to encompass everything.

In the face of this palm that was as large as the heavens and earth, the Barbarian Race demons could not muster up any thoughts of resistance. Bang! Lou Baiyue's palm landed on the Barbarian Race demon's chest, piercing through his back. It directly pierced through his body.

"Tremble!"

With her arm piercing through his chest, Lou Baiyue did not give the Barbarian Race demon a chance to resist. She roared like a tiger, and used her strongest strength to tear through the Barbarian Race demon.

Instantly, the Barbarian Race demon was split apart from the middle, and his body parts flew everywhere. At this moment, she was no longer a noble lady, but a war god who had slain all demons. All the nobles and nobles were dumbfounded.

What they saw was Lou Baiyue tearing apart a Barbarian Race demon. In the midst of a storm of blood and carnage, she displayed her heroic nature.

"This woman is powerful …" Gu Chensha felt a chill run down his spine, and he became even more cautious. He could not let this woman obtain any clues about his secrets.

The last Barbarian Race general died at the hands of Lou Baiyue. At this time, the princes also returned. Many soldiers entered and started to count.

"Your Majesty, the numbers are out. Lou Baiyue has killed 32 Barbarian Race generals and is ranked first." Gao Ling said softly.

"There is no need to say anything. Give the Hundred Tribulation Golden Pill to Baiyue." Heaven Talisman Emperor instructed.

"Thank you, Your Majesty."

Lou Baiyue walked up to take it. The pill was placed in a bottle, but it looked really heavy. It was probably dozens of kilograms or even hundreds of kilograms.

"The way to take the Hundred Tribulations Golden Pill is very cautious. It must be boiled in a big fire for seven days and seven nights before a trace of golden liquid can be boiled out. Only then can it be slowly swallowed. This Golden Pill will take three years to finish." When Gao Ling, the general director of the six palaces, delivered the pill, he warned.

"I know about that."

Lou Baiyue nodded her head, "Unless one reaches the fourth transformation of the Dao Realm, one can swallow gold and turn into stone. Only then can one consume it."

The fourth transformation of the Dao Realm meant that one's organs were really strong. The organs were like a furnace and could digest metal and stone. At that time, one could consume all sorts of pills.

Many pills contained metal and stone. Although they had strong medicinal powers, they weren't meant for normal people to consume. Many princes were tempted but there was nothing they could do.

"Father, I have something to say." Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha knelt down.

"Oh? Speak. "Heaven Talisman Emperor gestured.

"Half a year ago, Brother's martial arts were really ordinary, so how did he reach such a realm?

Just cultivating Giant Spiritual Energy alone can't be explained. Based on the rules, the Princes have to report everything they do to the Imperial Clan Manor. I think that Brother has some secrets and he has bad intentions. I hope that Father can hand him over to the Imperial Clan Manor to investigate him and explain where he got his cultivation from. "Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha lowered his head and his gaze was dark and vicious.

As long as Gu Chensha was investigated by the Imperial Clan Manor, they would be able to frame him. The Imperial Clan Manor was filled with people from the princes, so it was really easy for them to do so.

"Tenth Brother is truly treacherous."

Gu Chensha sneered in his heart, "He still hasn't figured out Father's intentions. Father clearly wants to put me in an important position, yet he still wants to cause trouble?" "Oh?" Heaven Talisman Emperor fell into silence after hearing those words. The atmosphere suddenly became tense.

Everyone turned to look at Gu Chensha, waiting to see how he would deal with this. However, he remained calm and didn't bother to explain himself.

"Baiyue, what do you think?" After a long time, Heaven Talisman Emperor asked Lou Baiyue.

Lou Baiyue didn't expect Heaven Talisman Emperor to throw this question at her. Although it was just a question, there was a lot of information contained in it. He wanted to see the Lou Clan's attitude.

In an instant, Lou Baiyue reacted. She knelt down and said, "Your Majesty, I was the one who gave His Highness the Titan Force. I believe there won't be any problems. His Highness must have activated the bloodline of The Great Spirit God in his body and obtained the bloodline of an ancient true god. We must congratulate Your Majesty on this matter. In the future, His Highness will definitely be able to kill many in the war against the barbarians." These words expressed his stance, protecting Gu Chensha. Seventh Prince Gu Chensha heard this and stared deeply at Lou Chongxiao.

Lou Chongxiao felt a chill in his heart, "The Seventh Prince's gaze indicates that he will draw a clear line between himself and the Lou Clan. If Baiyue attacks Gu Chensha now, he might be able to gain the Seventh Prince's favor.

But he will lose face in Your Majesty's heart. Your Majesty bestowed the title of High Duke to Gu Chensha and asked him to start a government office. Baiyue will naturally respect Your Majesty's wishes and protect Gu Chensha. If this attack happens, the Lou Clan will be finished. " "Little Ten, did you hear what Baiyue said?" Heaven Talisman Emperor smiled, "What do you think?" "Father …" Tenth Prince Gu Chensha wanted to say something.

At this time, Seventh Prince Gu Chensha spoke, "Old Ten, don't be ridiculous. A real man is able to let go. You should be happy that Nineteenth Brother is successful in his cultivation. The country has gained another talent."

At this time, Gu Chensha felt something was wrong. He immediately changed his tone, "Seventh Brother is right."

"Little Nineteen, you did well this time. Cultivate well. I still have tasks for you to do in the future."

Heaven Talisman Emperor encouraged Gu Chensha, his tone was warm and gentle. Many of the nobles felt that spring was coming for Gu Chensha.

The hunt lasted for two days. After the duels between the princes, it was time for the disciples of the nobles to practice their martial arts. It was an exciting competition. The nobles of the Yongchō placed great importance on education. Almost every disciple was well-versed in both the pen and the sword.

Two days later, Heaven Talisman Emperor returned to the court. At this time, the red sun appeared in the sky.

After Gu Chensha's initial success, he did not do anything else. Following the Heaven Talisman Emperor back to the court, he followed a few eunuchs from the Ministry of Internal Affairs to check out the mansion that the Emperor had bestowed upon him.

This time, the Ministry of Internal Affairs did not play any tricks. Everything was done in an orderly manner.

"Nineteenth Master, the mansion is here."

A senior eunuch led the way and introduced, "Many years ago, when the Emperor built the canal, he divided the land beside the river to build a mansion for the disciples of the Imperial Clan." Gu Chensha looked at his own mansion. It wasn't extravagant, but it was about 10 mu in size.

In front of the canal, it was a magnificent sight. There was even its own pier, where one could take a boat on the canal. Outside the mansion, there were orchards and fertile fields.

"Nineteenth Master, outside this mansion, there are 300 mu of orchards and 1,000 mu of fertile fields. These are all fertile lands from the canal, and belong to this mansion. After deducting the expenses, there's an annual income of about 50,000 yuan." The senior eunuch pointed to the orchards and fertile fields.

A mansion would require at least a hundred servants, and at most a few hundred. There were even thousands of them. There were also all sorts of connections. The annual expenses were not a small sum. Just relying on the salary was far from enough, and one had to have their own assets.

Even for a Prince, his annual salary would only be in the tens of thousands. As for a Prince's mansion, it would require at least 50,000 to 100,000 yuan.

This was still a conservative estimate. If one wanted to hold banquets, reward subordinates, recruit officials, or form cliques, it would require even more money.

"Little godson, later, go and take stock of the mansion's assets and calculate the accounts. At the same time, gather some of the original people in the mansion and give them a lecture. From now on, you are the chief steward of my mansion." Gu Chensha said to his godson.

"Yes, Master!" His godson beamed with joy. He had finally made a name for himself.

He was originally a little eunuch who followed Gu Chensha and was bullied. He ate vegetables and tofu every day and never had a good day. Now, he had become the chief steward of Duke Chen's Mansion. At the very least, he could manage a hundred people and become a person above others.

However, he was only happy for a moment before his mood darkened. "Eunuch Qi, let's go through the accounts of the Department of Internal Affairs and hand it over."

The senior eunuch, Eunuch Qi, was stunned. He thought to himself, 'Why does this little godson seem like a different person?

His temperament is deep and his strength is not ordinary. It seems that everyone thought that the nineteenth prince was a fool. I didn't expect him to have such a deep foundation that he could even train a eunuch. '

'It seems that my little godson's cultivation has been successful and he has cultivated an imposing manner.'

Gu Chensha nodded to himself. 'I have cultivated the Emperor's God Sealing Technique and sacrificed it to the heavens. In the future, I will have to study it and see what kind of pill I can make to help him cultivate his martial arts to the level of a master.'

Since he was going to open a mansion, it was best to have reliable subordinates. Gu Chensha's connections were thin. If he looked around, everyone would be suspicious.

He was sure that in this mansion that he rewarded, many of the stewards were the subordinates of other princes. When the time came, his every move would be monitored. It would not be as convenient as before when he did things.