Chapter 1098
============

Gu Xinjian

Ever since a Martial Saint's Martial Talisman condensed into form, it was the number one supreme treasure of the heavens. When this treasure was activated, it could circulate all the Martial Dao, creating a myriad of transformations. Martial Dao reigned supreme. Even Gu Chensha found it incredibly wondrous. Although the Warrior Saint had lost the talisman, he was still an Uncorruptible expert. Unfortunately, his fighting prowess had been greatly reduced.

If a Martial Sage had reached the Invincible Imperishable Realm, with the help of the Martial Talisman, he would be able to dominate the world and dominate the Heavens. He could even take on Mister Indifferent, Mister Heartless, Mister Inaction, and Mister Thoughtless single-handedly. After all, even if the four misters joined forces to deal with him, they would not be able to do so.

Now that the Warrior Saint had reached the Uncorruptible level, with the help of his talisman, not even Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, or Zhuge Ya could stand up to him.

Because the Warrior Saint was so strong, the will of the old world had sent down a tribulation to strip him of his talisman the moment he reached the Uncorruptible level. That was a tribulation. What the Martial Sage needed to do now was to condense another Martial Talisman.

The Warrior Saint had been the strongest expert in the Divine Central Continent, and ranked second only to the Dharma Saint. Compared to Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, and Zhuge Ya, he had a much stronger foundation.

Ten thousand years before Lou Baiyue and the others were born, the Martial Saint had already created the Martial Dao, leading humanity on the path of cultivating martial arts to strengthen their bodies. Unknowingly, the amount of spirit force he had accumulated wasn't something that others could match up to.

In the current metaverse, all universes had a Martial Dao civilization. Even the Arcane Kingdom and the Mother Nest Universe had people who cultivated the Martial Dao.

Everyone who cultivated the Martial Dao would be blessed by destiny. In other words, the Warrior Saint was the ancestor of the Martial Dao, the origin of the Martial Dao.

However, those who obtained his talismans would also be able to obtain the blessing of these Martial Dao Qi.

"Chensha, your strength is far above mine. Can you deduce who has the Martial Path Talisman?" The Martial Sage still felt it was a pity.

"Right now, it's a fog. The old world and the new world have betrayed me at the same time, messing up all fates. I can't see it clearly either. "

Gu Chensha stretched his hand out, and a river of fate appeared in front of him. Gales sprang up from within the river, causing huge waves to rise, covering everything in their path. As the waves rose and fell, they lifted up some of the things in the depths of the river, causing countless small fish to grow into enormous fish, and countless enormous fish to grow into enormous wyrms.

"The River of Destiny is in chaos. You can't control it either. "

The Martial Sage's heart skipped a beat. Although he had reached the Invincible Immortal Realm, he still felt powerless when faced with the fate of the multiverse.

Of course, the Martial Saint currently stood at the peak of the world. However, it was precisely because of this that he was able to see more things. The higher he stood, the further he could see, the more he knew. The more he felt that his cultivation base was not high enough.

"That's right. The moment the new world betrayed me, I lost control of my fate. If the old world acted against me, I could still suppress them easily. But when the new world betrayed me, the pressure on me increased.

Of course, that wasn't the most important thing. The most important thing was that the old world and the new world joined forces. " "If this chapter isn't finished, please flip to the next page." "Message": "Already subscribed.