Chapter 415
===========

"Who? Who knows where this god is? "

Gu Chensha thought for a long time. "Since even Gu Tanjian doesn't know, this god must be hiding very well. How can we find him? He abandoned his godly position and reincarnated as a human. His cultivation must not have fully recovered. If I'm not wrong, he must be in a weakened state. If we want to kill this god, now is the best time." "Wu Dangkong."

Wen Hong said a name. "She must know where The Great Spirit God is. Moreover, The Great Spirit God will find her because the Divine Decree is in her hands. If The Great Spirit God wants to recover his strength and improve further, or even reach the realm he has always dreamed of, he must use this talisman to obtain some fate from the Heavenly Dao."

"If that's the case, father didn't kill this god back then because he wanted me to take revenge with my own hands."

Gu Chensha suddenly understood. "Maybe this god is father's way of testing me. If I can kill this god with my own hands, I will definitely be able to gain the greatest enlightenment."

"It's not impossible. Trexian's way of doing things is unfathomable. With his methods, killing The Great Spirit God is not a problem. No matter how this demon hides, it will be difficult for him to escape his control. That's why he kept him alive. It's very possible that he left him alive for you to kill.

If you can fight this god with your wits and courage, your cultivation will definitely increase to an extremely high realm.

However, with your current cultivation and wisdom, you are far from being able to deal with this demon. "

Wen Hong said, "Actually, ever since I cultivated the God's Means, I've always been able to faintly sense that this fiend holds great enmity towards me. At the most critical moment, this fiend will definitely brazenly attack and kill me."

"Looks like I'll plot against Wu Dangkong in the future. I'll use this woman as bait to lure this demon out," Gu Chensha said.

"You have great fate on you. It seems that Trexian helped you and twisted your fate, causing unimaginable changes in the future."

Wen Hong said, "I've already gained a lot of benefits from you. Looks like I'll get even more benefits in the future.

However, you must not underestimate the enemy because of this and think that you will be able to turn misfortune into fortune no matter what happens to you. That will create a big flaw in your mind. "

"I will pay attention to this matter. I will definitely not be arrogant and put myself in danger. Therefore, although I promised the Three Divine Apes to keep the appointment at Mount Meru, I still came to find Uncle Hong. I hope to hear Uncle Hong's opinion. If it is really dangerous there, I don't mind breaking the promise. There is no trust between demons and monsters."

Gu Chensha did as he pleased. He would not risk his life for some promise. He had mastered the art of war.

"Your strategy is correct. In order to maintain stability in the current world, the most important thing is to prevent the Devil Calamity from erupting. Once a Devil Calamity erupts, no matter how powerful your Celestial Calmness Department is, it will be useless.

And the Devil Calamity is unavoidable. It's like in the world, when the yin and yang lose their balance, it will produce lightning. "

Wen Hong, on the other hand, had a completely new view of the Devil Calamity. "Between heaven and earth, demonic nature and spirituality are the energies of Yin and Yang. Demonic nature represents chaos, while spirituality represents order. Between the two, there will be a loss of balance every once in a while, resulting in a collision.

When they collide, the demonic nature and the spiritual nature will be balanced, and the world will be at peace. Think about it. If there was no lightning in the world, what would it be like? " "The balance of yin and yang? Alternating? "

Gu Chensha seemed to understand something. "If there was no lightning in the world, life would not be born. Lightning is the result of the yin and yang losing their balance and colliding violently, resulting in an explosion. In the end, it is the qi of creation, life, and death."

"That's right. The Devil Calamity is unavoidable. If it erupts, let it erupt. After the baptism of the Devil Calamity, the humans of the Divine Continent will be tempered and perhaps improve." Wen Hong had his own understanding.

"But after every Devil Calamity, the world will be plunged into misery and suffering. Who knows how long it will take to recover."

Gu Chensha frowned. "It's not easy for the Imperial Court to create such a prosperous situation. If it returns to a state of desolation overnight, I'm afraid it's not a good thing." "That's not necessarily true."

Wen Hong shook his head. "When I said let the Devil Calamity erupt, I didn't mean to ignore it. Instead, I meant to use the Devil Calamity as a means to temper the people, keeping it within the scope of the Imperial Court's control. This way, the people will feel that the Devil Calamity is wreaking havoc, and everyone will be tensed up to train themselves. This way, the world will not be fundamentally damaged." Only when there is external pressure will there be internal unity, and the people will not fall apart. "The world has been peaceful for too long. The people's worship of martial arts has begun to decline, and the trend of extravagance has gradually risen." Therefore, a good ruler will not completely let the world be at peace and recuperate. Instead, he will keep the enemies within the scope of his control and use them as training targets.

"For example, the royal family will also keep hunting grounds and organize hunting teams to maintain bravery and blood." "Uncle Hong's words are the essence of a ruler. Governing the world should be like this."

Gu Chensha was well-read, and he had read all the books in the world. He naturally understood this principle. However, knowing it was easy, but doing it was very difficult. Take the current Devil Calamity as an example. If they allowed it to erupt and did nothing, then once the seal was opened, the world would immediately fall into chaos.

That was not all. The various aristocratic families and the ambitious people among the people would take advantage of the situation and rise up. The world would be in turmoil, and it would be impossible to control the situation.

That was why Gu Chensha and the Celestial Calmness Department's plan was to delay the Devil Calamity and increase the power of the people. As long as they could delay it for a few dozen years, then the population would explode, increasing by ten times, or even a hundred times. Their cultivation bases would also rise, and then they would have the upper hand in the war against the Devil Calamity. Furthermore, the common people would be tempered, and heroes would emerge in large numbers.

"That's all you can do right now. Zhuge Ya's step-by-step plan is flawless. When it comes to the development of the Celestial Calmness Department, as well as personal cultivation bases, his plans are the most correct, most perfect, and most concise. Even if I were to help the Celestial Calmness Department right now, I wouldn't make any changes. You were able to recruit the Lord of Seven Stars as your subordinates, and because of her karmic luck, you really do have a huge advantage. Among the reincarnated stars, the only person the Lord of Seven Stars fears is the Lord of the Sun and Moon."

Wen Hong suggested, "Actually, you can go see Chang Weiyang, the Sect Leader of the Profound Immortal Dao Sect's Profound Gates of the Universe. She's a Divergent, and has the desire to overturn the universe. The Celestial Calmness Department might be able to come to an agreement with her, and perhaps control the extent of the Devil Calamity." "Then before I go to Mount Sumeru, should I pay a visit to the Profound Cosmos Gate?"

Gu Chensha wasn't in a hurry. Last time, during the struggle over the Martial Song Star's servant, Fa Wuxian had snatched the servant away. However, in the end, the servant had fallen into the hands of Chang Weiyang of the Profound Cosmos Gate. There was no way Fa Wuxian could contend against Chang Weiyang.

Furthermore, the Profound Cosmos Gate and the Profound Heaven Earth Gate had a deep enmity. In addition, the Profound Cosmos Gate also had a grudge against the three Celestials.

"To deal with the three great apes, even if I help you, it won't be enough. However, if you can come to an agreement with Chang Weiyang, then there won't be any problems. She's enough to restrain Li Wanlong," Wen Hong said.

"Since that's the case, I'll make a trip to the Profound Cosmos Gate. I also have some capital in my hands, so I can discuss matters with the Profound Cosmos Gate." Gu Chensha also had the same intention. Since Wen Hong had pointed him to the Profound Cosmos Gate, then there was definitely some hope.

The three great apes were demons after all. Although they had agreed to go and negotiate, and the Yin Yang Ghost Apes had also agreed to the conditions, it would be very easy for them to go back on their word. Gu Chensha didn't place his hopes on these demons keeping their promises.

After the problem of the ape race was solved, there would be one less trouble in the future. Then, he could focus on dealing with the Devil Calamity.

"I've met that Chang Weiyang once. She's very special, and she's also unique in the Profound Cosmos Gate. In a certain realm, she even surpassed her father, Chang Yuzhou."

Wen Hong said, "If you go to the Profound Cosmos Gate, at least you won't encounter life and death tribulations like when you met those demons at Mount Meru."

"Understood, then I'll go over now." Gu Chensha looked at the starry sky in the sky. He couldn't fly out.

This was the Grotto-Heaven that Wen Hong had opened himself. It couldn't be compared to the Common People's Wish sphere.

Wen Hong smiled and waved his hand. A starlight wrapped around Gu Chensha and flew out. He tore open the void and arrived outside.

Gu Chensha didn't stop. He activated all his Dan Qi and flew in the sky at his fastest speed. He flew towards the Eastern Wilderness where the Profound Cosmos Gate was located.

This was the Wilderness, which belonged to the south. To reach the Eastern Wilderness, one didn't have to pass through the Great Yongchō. Instead, they had to follow the dense primeval forests, mountains, and rivers to reach the Southeastern Land, which was the Southeastern Land that bordered the Southern Wilderness and the Eastern Barbarians.

Indeed, after flying for about six hours, the mountains, rivers, and forests in front of him had a completely different style.

The mountains were verdant, the water was clear, and the trees were tall and straight. There were many mountain springs, and there were basically no swamps or quagmires.

The weather had also become dry and cold. It was very different from the humid heat of the Wilderness.

The Wilderness was densely packed with vines, poisonous insects, and miasma. From afar, the forest looked like a black mass of barren hills and unruly rivers. It was a daunting sight to behold.

The Eastern Wilderness was beautiful. One look and one could tell that it was suitable for cultivators to live and cultivate.

Gu Chensha flew in the sky and scanned the area with his divine sense. He could sense any scenery, spirit herbs, underground mineral resources, or buried treasures. He discovered that in the forests of the Eastern Wasteland, there were many hermits living in seclusion. Sects of twos and threes could be found everywhere. It was not desolate and uninhabited at all.

"The total population of the Eastern Wilderness doesn't seem to be less than the total population of the Yongchō. It's just that the area is vast and scattered. It's not as concentrated as the Divine Land.

The major sects of the Immortal Dao's 72 Profound Sects. It's said that in the Eastern Wilderness, they even let their disciples establish countries as a huge pool of talents. "This was Gu Chensha's first time in the Eastern Wilderness. ..... Divine Strategy Battalion's Dragon Token — Royal Guard 561292968

This is a subscription group for our Divine Strategy Battalion. To join this group, one needs to have at least 1,500 Dragon Token fans! Divine Strategy Battalion's Dragon Token — Hundred Flower Garden 99929021 This is a group for our Divine Strategy Battalion's girls. We welcome female fans to join us. Divine Strategy Battalion's Dragon Token — Heavenly Secrets Pavilion 347526179 Divine Strategy Battalion's Dragon Token — Moon Worshipping Pavilion 499690348 Divine Strategy Battalion's Dragon Token — All Sacred Hall