Chapter 318
===========

Gu Chensha had activated his protective astral energy to envelop an area of several kilometers, preventing any fiend monsters from taking even half a step forward. This was because he was afraid that some powerful fiend monsters would harm the Seven-Colored Demon Vine.

After so many days of preparation, the Seven-Colored Demon Vine's combat strength was around that of a Dao Realm Transformation 13 expert. Although it was strong, its weakness was that it couldn't move. If there were too many of them, the vine wouldn't be able to handle it.

Although the vine could automatically kill monsters and absorb their essence blood, without Gu Chensha's help, its digestion ability was limited. Apart from that, it couldn't digest souls. Everyone knew that to be able to swallow souls, one had to reach the Dao Realm Transformation 13.

The reason why the Blood-Sucking Demon Vine could absorb souls right from the start was because of Gu Chensha's usage.

Now that the monsters retreated, he didn't use the energy barrier. He was concentrating his strength to deal with this Dao Realm Transformation 20 demon. The wider the range of the energy barrier, the weaker it was.

If Gu Chensha shrunk it to a few miles, even Golden Core Dao experts wouldn't be able to break it. But if it covered dozens of miles, then even Dao Realm Transformation 14 or 15 experts could break it. If it was a few hundred miles, then even the Nine Transformation Glass Body could break it. As for a few thousand miles, he didn't have that ability yet.

Even if his Energy Ocean and Consciousness Ocean expanded and his cultivation improved, there was a limit. Unless he could break through the limits of Celestial Being and become an anomaly like the Sect Leader Chang Weiyang.

"Demon, what do you want?"

Gu Chensha used mental energy to communicate. The demon language was really lacking and wasn't as bright as human civilization. Naturally, humans wouldn't learn that demon language and experts communicated with each other mentally.

"How many demons have you killed? I will kill all of you humans and return it."

The demon's mental energy was really calm but Gu Chensha's heart shuddered when he heard it. He had killed at least 10 million demons over the past four months. If the demon killed 10 million civilians, then he would be able to do it.

But even if he didn't kill them, if they charged out, they would kill civilians. There was no compromise between the two sides. Souls were extremely valuable to Gods, and it was the same for Freaks.

This was a conflict between two races. Either the humans exterminated the Devil Beasts and became stronger, or the Devil Beasts treated the humans as food.

"Many of your devil race's evil gods have also been sealed. What other ability do you have to fight against us?" Gu Chensha seized his will.

"The new God has been born. If we kill you humans as a sacrifice, we will also receive a gift."

This demon moved very elegantly. There was no demonic energy around him, but his nature was extremely evil. "You are a powerful sacrifice." "What?

A new god has been born? "Gu Chensha was extremely shocked." Without the Heavenly Talisman, how can there be a god?

That's just a fake god without a God Seat. Could it be that the experts among the demons knew about the birth of the Heavenly Talisman and came to attack the humans, threatening the human emperor to confer the title of God on him? "

In the Antiquity Time, there was such an example. Demons from Hell invaded the Divine Great Land, and the two sides fought fiercely. Later on, they reached an agreement. Ancient Emperor of Heaven conferred the title of God to the strongest of the Demon Clan. Then, the Demon Clan retreated and didn't invade the human race for many years. That was how many evil gods came about.

Humans couldn't exterminate the Devil Race at all. There were too many of them. Every many years, the Heavenly Dao would change and invade the human world. The historical records were even more bloody than the barbarians.

Since ancient times, the people in the Godly Land had suffered many disasters. The barbarians invaded, the Devil Disaster broke out, the evildoers ran amok, and the civil strife was endless.

In fact, the barbarians were also related to the Devil Race. Many of the evil gods that the barbarians believed in were also the gods of the Devil Race.

As soon as the Heavenly Talisman Emperor ascended the throne, he first cut thousands of mountains and filled the Sea of Sin, blocking the passage of the Devil Race to the Godly Land. Then he began to pacify the barbarians. As long as these two external problems were solved, humans could have a breathing space. With the current development speed of the Great Yongchō, after a few hundred years, there would be Dao Realm experts everywhere. Everyone would be wise, and it would be just a matter of time to eliminate the Devil Race and the barbarians.

Since Heavenly Talisman Heavenly Monarch ascended to the throne, 19 years had passed, close to 20 years. The population of the Divine Continent had multiplied by several times and the quality of the population had also risen to a terrifying level. Martial arts masters and Dao Realm experts had appeared like bamboo shoots after the rain. Gu Chensha's Department of Tranquility was doing statistics.

Being familiar with history, Gu Chensha most regretted the era of the Emperor Wu thousands of years ago.

At that time, the Emperor Wu had great talent and strategy. His cultivation was also so great that he could kill gods.

At that time, he unified the world and oppressed the barbarians. He built the Dragonization Tower to increase the wisdom of the people. The world was also prosperous and orderly.

Unfortunately, the good times didn't last long. Because he was too strong, the natural law changed. The immortals wanted to overthrow the regime and sent many agents to rebel. The Monster Race and the barbarians also launched a big counterattack. What was more terrible was the appearance of the Devil Race in the Bottomless Sea of Sin. Under these three troubles, the dynasty collapsed in an instant, and the people were in misery.

Now was very similar to the past. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor was in isolation, Wu Dangkong was scourging the world, the aristocratic families were making wishful thinking, the barbarians and the monsters were preparing a big counterattack, the Devil Race began to gather an army, and the immortals wanted to disturb the court. Once the situation collapsed, the people would immediately be in a terrible dark age.

"Since you killed so many of our soldiers, if I let you escape this time, how will I have the face to command the army?"

The monster walked slowly and actually walked into the attack range of the seven-colored demonic vine. It stopped two or three miles away from Gu Chensha. He stared at the gourd condensed on the seven-colored demonic vine. That was the Immortal Slaying Flying Knife. He was a little afraid of this thing.

This thing hadn't really taken shape and its power wasn't great, but it could still seriously injure him. He had to have some scruples.

"Then come."

A sneer appeared on Gu Chensha's face. "Even if you can defeat me today, I'm afraid you won't get any benefits. I know that you are not the only expert here. If you are injured, I'm afraid your companion will devour you or refine you into a puppet to increase his strength."

The Devil Race killed each other and didn't recognize family. Although the weak obeyed the strong and there was a simple order, there was no trust to speak of. For example, they would devour their companions without hesitation. As expected, there was some fear on the monster's face, but there was also some greed.

Gu Chensha knew what the demon was thinking. Although the demon was afraid of being taken advantage of, it also wanted to kill Gu Chensha and obtain the seven-colored demonic vine.

If the demon caught him and devoured him, it could obtain his memories and the seven-colored demonic vine to refine itself into a Heavenly Demon Tree. Maybe he could become a Devil God in the future. This was also a gamble.

The demon was already an expert of the Impermanence Gathering and Dispersing Realm, so it could naturally see the mysteries of Gu Chensha and calculate the benefits of devouring him.

"As expected, the experts of the Devil Race can't take it anymore." In the distance, Gu Xuansha and Wu Dang Kong saw this. They looked at each other with anticipation.

Wu Dangkong flicked his fingers and calculated. "Even I can't help but want to capture Gu Chensha, take his memories, refine his cultivation, and obtain the seven-colored demonic vine."

As she spoke, her body moved slightly. Suddenly, many pitch-black lights flew out. They traveled through the demonic herbs that were seven or eight people tall. God knew how many monsters they killed.

Then the pitch-black lights turned blood-red and flew into her body, disappearing in the blink of an eye.

"This secret technique of yours is a bit mysterious. With one move, you can absorb the souls and essence blood of monsters. It's even more terrifying than Gu Chensha's seven-colored demonic vine. You've secretly killed many monsters these days and collected a lot of their souls and essence blood, right?" Gu Xuansha watched Wu Dangkong's every move.

"This secret technique is our Wu family's Spirit Martial Soul-Breaking Technique. It specializes in killing monsters." Wu Dangkong knew that she had exposed many secrets in front of Gu Xuansha, but she didn't care at all.

With the protection of Gu Xuansha here, she could absorb the monsters' essence blood and souls without worry.

At this moment, she closed her eyes and looked inwardly. Deep within her sea of consciousness, she saw a huge space. That was the Sun-Moon Sacrificial Altar. Within the space of the altar floated large amounts of blood. At a glance, it was like a world of blood rain. Every drop of blood rain contained a soul.

While Wu Dangkong was observing the changes, she didn't stay idle. She killed many monsters and collected their souls and essence blood, preparing for a great sacrifice.

Gu Xuansha has a lot of trump cards, but my trump card is even bigger. Gu Chensha killed the monsters and turned them into the Heavenly Demon Tree. I'll collect the souls and essence blood for the sacrifice. I have three million souls in the Sun Moon Altar now. Last time, more than three hundred thousand souls were sacrificed for the Heavenly Dao Divine Light. This time, I'll prepare three million and six hundred thousand souls for the sacrifice.

Wudang Kong chuckled coldly. "When the time comes, I'll borrow the power of the Dao of Heaven to create a true dimension in my sea of energy and consciousness. That way, I'll be able to store magical power and Nascent Divinity much more efficiently than I am now. My battle prowess will be ten times stronger!

Only when one reached the 30th Transformation of the Dao Realm and opened up a Grotto-Heaven could they open up a real space in the void, which was the so-called God Country.

As for refining magical treasures like interspatial rings and bracelets, they could only be refined at the 30th Transformation.

This was why people who opened up a Grotto-Heaven at the 30th Transformation of the Dao Realm were similar to gods. As long as they were conferred a title by the Emperor, they would be true gods.

People at the 30th Transformation of the Dao Realm were similar to gods, but their lifespans weren't as long as those who had been conferred a title.

Wu Dangkong used the sacrifice to use the power of the Heavenly Dao to turn her energy sea and consciousness sea into two Grotto-Heaven spaces that she could control. That way, her energy sea and consciousness sea would be stronger, and the power of the soul and Xiantian Earth Energy they could store would increase by a hundred times.

Not to mention an existence of the same level, even an existence that surpassed her by a few levels would be easily killed by her.

However, it was extremely difficult to collect three million and six hundred thousand souls and essence blood. Luckily, the appearance of the monsters gave her a chance to get rich.

This was also the reason why the monster army couldn't wipe out the humans. With the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, the monsters were a great supplement for the ancient Emperor.