Chapter 294
===========

Everyone held a meeting, discussing and expressing their own opinions. Finally, after brainstorming, they came up with a sound plan. Gu Chensha moved slightly and left the center of the fief, heading for the border.

The Barbarians and demon apes gathered in the Savage Forest at the border of the fief, ready to attack at any time. It was useless to talk on paper, so they still had to investigate.

As for Lou Baiyue, she was still in charge of the affairs of the Calming Immortal Department, giving advice to Zhuge Ya, training Long Zaifei and the others, making them carry out the plan step by step. Everything was carried out in an orderly manner.

Gu Chensha soon reached the border of his fief. His fief was now very large. Under the attack of Liu Yu's group of five and Long Zaifei's troops, a large piece of land was opened up, forcing the Barbarians to retreat. They occupied many forests, grasslands, rivers, lakes, mountains, and plains.

Every time they occupied a piece of land, Gu Chensha would carry out large-scale development, building roads, paving bridges, planting medicinal herbs, raising livestock, and building houses to sell to foreign merchants.

In recent years, the population of the Yongchō had been expanding rapidly. Every year, a large number of babies were born, and the death rate was very low. This was the result of affluence and advanced medical care. This way, the land outside the border was worth a lot of money.

In addition, there were many opportunities to make a fortune outside the border. Perhaps ordinary people could find spiritual herbs in the Savage Forest and sell them for a good price. Many people bought medicinal herbs here and transported them to the mainland to sell, earning a lot of money. Thus, countless adventurers and gold seekers came to the border. The construction of Gu Chensha's fief was the best, so it attracted more and more people.

Originally, the construction of the fief required a lot of manpower and resources, but after he and Lou Baiyue brought back six thousand year bone demons from the Demon's Land, and after Bao Ming 'er's refinement, the construction of the six thousand year bone demons could be equivalent to hundreds of thousands of civilian workers.

Moreover, the thousand year bone demons did not need to eat or drink, and could continuously absorb Spirit Qi and convert it into Innate Gang Qi.

Of course, the thousand year bone demon's innate Gang Qi reserve was much less than a normal cultivator's, and it was tiring to work. After exhausting their Gang Qi, they had to cultivate hard to replenish it, and it was difficult to recover. However, under Bao Ming 'er's meticulous refinement, these six thousand year bone demons had many Spirit Gathering Runes on their bodies, which greatly increased their ability to absorb Spirit Qi, and they worked much faster.

But with the expansion of Gu Chensha's fief, these six thousand year bone demons gradually became too busy.

Fortunately, Gu Chensha had refined three hundred and sixty Heaven Mending Divine Generals. These Heaven Mending Divine Generals had undergone many transformations, and their cultivation bases were now extremely powerful. Their intelligence was also unfathomable, and they were equivalent to human geniuses. Their cultivation bases were even comparable to peak figures of the Dao Realm Eleventh Transformation of the Immortal Dao.

Just a little bit more and these Divine Heaven Mender Generals would be able to advance to the twelfth transformation, 'Soul Snatcher'.

Sometimes, Gu Chensha would release the Heaven Mending Divine Generals at night to modify many places in his fief. This could reduce a lot of pressure.

However, Heaven Mending Divine General was his trump card, and it was where his trump card was. Normally, it could only be hidden in the depths of the Dragon Gate, breathing in and out with Bu Zhou Palace, cultivating and becoming sturdy. Using it to construct a fief was really a waste of talent.

"It seems like I still need Bao Ming 'er to create more puppets. But puppets like the thousand year bone demons are bred over a thousand years, so they are hard to create." Gu Chensha observed the situation of his fief as he thought about many things.

Only puppets that had cultivated to the seventh transformation of the Dao Realm and could use Xiantian Earth Qi to sweep up items were truly good puppets. Apart from that, the other puppets were all physical bodies, and the efficiency was low.

However, puppets that could cultivate Xiantian Earth Qi were extremely difficult to create. Even if Gu Chensha had Bu Zhou Palace and Dragon Gate, it was actually very difficult to create them.

Strictly speaking, those three hundred and sixty Heaven Mending Divine Generals weren't created by him. They were obtained from the decomposition of the nine Saint Dragon Celestial Soldiers. In the end, because of many fortuitous encounters, they finally reached their current realm.

For example, these three hundred and sixty Heaven Mending Divine Generals had absorbed the Green Dragon God Wood. This was something that all blacksmiths dreamed of.

If it wasn't for Heavenly Heaven Earth Sect plotting against Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue, Qingyao wouldn't have taken it out to exchange for Jing Fanxing, Jian Chengkong, and Xiao Wujin.

Unfortunately, Heavenly Heaven Earth Sect went for wool and came home shorn. The Sect Leader's soul was refined by the power of the heavens, which helped Gu Chensha instead. This allowed Gu Chensha to deduce many changes to the Common People Heaven Mending Technique and reach small completion. Sou!

While he was thinking about it, Gu Chensha turned into a scholar and landed at the border of his fief.

Rows of markets were built at the border of his fief. Most of them were made of wood and a few of them were made of stone. Behind the markets, dozens of miles away, there was a neatly built city with troops stationed there.

These markets were built by many adventurers and merchants. They did business at the border of their fief and built their residences so that they could enter the wild forest to obtain treasures.

This was because the forest land within the city where the troops were stationed was Gu Chensha's fief. It was forbidden to gather herbs or hunt there. Even catching bugs was forbidden. Only by exploring the forest outside of the fief would one's gains belong to them. This was also the law of the Great Yongchō.

This was why waves of adventurers and adventurers would come to the border of the fief. Relying on the fact that there was an army nearby, they would enter the dangerous areas and even hunt beasts.

This was tantamount to living an extremely dangerous life, a life of licking blood from the edge of a knife.

Gu Chensha turned into a scholar with a long sword by his waist. He walked on the road to the market. After the rain, the road was covered in mud. If one stepped on it, they would sink in and be unable to pull themselves out. Luckily, he was wearing long boots, so he wasn't afraid.

He came to the border of the fief to observe. Although there were many markets here, in truth, it didn't belong to his fief. This was why the roads weren't built here. Some of the roads here were actually opened up by many merchants and adventurers.

He could fly and observe all sorts of movements. He didn't need to walk on the ground, but he cultivated the Common People Heaven Mending Technique. Interacting with common people helped his cultivation and comprehension. The myriad of living beings was his path. Apart from that, as the fief leader, he had to visit the people of the entire fief.

On the muddy road, there were many people walking about. Most of them were strong men, martial arts experts, and there were even Dao Realm experts.

Four years ago, there were very few Dao Realm experts. But during these four years, along with the development of the Wild Wilderness, there were many resources and opportunities, causing many people to rise out of the masses. Many talents popped up. Ride! Ride! Ride!

Just as Gu Chensha was walking, the sound of horses galloping spread out from behind him. There were also the shouts of cavalry. Gu Chensha dodged right away.

A pair of cavalry galloped over like a dragon, kicking up mud. Many people tried to dodge but were still splashed. However, those who were splashed didn't dare to curse or chase. Puchi!

The black mud splashed up to a person's height and there was also beast feces mixed within. It was dirty and smelly and it was about to splatter onto Gu Chensha's body. Gu Chensha waved his sleeves and energy waves surged, blowing away all the mud.

This wasn't Xiantian energy but the wind of martial arts. When Gu Chensha was at Martial Arts Grandmaster Realm, he had the strength of a wolf, a bear, and a python. When he used Giant Spirit Energy, a palm would cause a strong wind that could blow people away. Now that he was at Dao Realm Transformation 14, even if he didn't use the power of the soul and Xiantian energy, the strength of his physical body was still really terrifying.

If he used all his physical strength and blew out, he could cause a storm that could blow away a small village and even a small town. He could even uproot the trees in the forest.

One had to know that his body was the Sun Moon Dragon Body and it was much stronger than cultivators of the same realm.

"Eh?"

Just at that moment, the leader of the cavalry pulled the reins of his horse and stopped. The cavalry behind all stopped at the same time. They were really quiet but they moved like lightning. They showed their exquisite horsemanship and combat strength. Kacha kacha.

The black armor on the leader's head actually split open like it was alive. The head that appeared was actually a girl.

"Horned Flood Dragon Armor."

Gu Chensha saw it long ago. This cavalry was actually wearing Horned Flood Dragon Armor which covered their entire body. There were no gaps at all and fire and water couldn't get in.

A few years ago, Horned Flood Dragon Armor was an important war resource. But during these years, it slowly spread out and families with power would spend large amounts of money to buy it from the Celestial Designer Institute.

After all, this armor was too amazing. Not only was its defense super strong, but it could also increase one's strength. Anyone who wore this armor could become a martial arts master as long as they knew a little bit of martial arts.

But even so, the Horned Dragon Armor was still extremely expensive. An ordinary tycoon at the county level would not be able to afford it even if he sold his entire fortune.

"This scholar has great skills. Sorry for what happened just now."

The female knight who revealed her face cupped her hands and apologized, "We are the knights of the Hongyun Games, responding to the court's summons to fight against the barbarians. Please forgive us for being in such a hurry."

"Hongyun Games?" Gu Chensha's mind spun rapidly as he recalled the report from the Calming Immortal Department.

Aside from collecting taxes from the immortal dao, the Calming Immortal Department also secretly monitored the aristocratic families, the various civilian gangs, and the scholarly societies. The number of requests was as vast as the ocean every day.

The Hong Yun Club was a civilian gang that had risen in the last ten years. Originally, they did not reveal themselves and only did some business. They controlled the water transportation in some places, but after the war with the Barbarians, this gang suddenly rose to prominence. Many experts appeared in their ranks, and they killed the Barbarians everywhere they went. They were one of the more powerful groups among the civilians.

The Calming Immortal Department had also secretly investigated and discovered that some of the leaders of the Hong Yun Games were extremely mysterious. However, they abided by the law and did not do anything out of line.

The Calming Immortal Department suspected that this Hong Yun Games was also connected to some government figure.