Chapter 67
==========

"I kept it a long time ago."

Gu Chensha acted mysteriously, "If Third Brother sees it, he will take it and say that he killed it. When that happens, I won't be able to argue with him in the Imperial Court."

"19th Master is really scheming, I am impressed. So, should we just stay in the mountain?" Shi Tietie asked.

"The team and I will train in the mountains for a few days. You lead the team back to report to Dashi Marquis that I understand his intentions."

Gu Chensha felt that although Shi Tietie was on his side, after all, he was on Dashi Marquis's side. It wasn't good for them to know too many secrets.

He had many plans for entering the forest, such as hunting tigers and wolves to refine Tiger Wolf Pills for his subordinates to consume. That way, he could create a bunch of strong warriors and even martial arts masters. Apart from that, he also had to cultivate.

Even though he had obtained huge benefits, obtained huge amounts of wealth, trained his troops, and even subdued the Barbarian Race emissary who was at the seventh transformation of the Dao Realm as his servant, in reality, these were all external things. His cultivation was still at the Mortal Realm Grandmaster, and if he didn't increase his cultivation, it was all just an illusion. He was really clear about his weakness.

It was that he started too late. Any prince would cultivate from a young age and their foundations were really firm. He had only cultivated for a year and although he had a fortuitous encounter, his cultivation wasn't something that could be done in a day.

Apart from that, he lacked a good teacher and had to figure things out on his own. At most, he would ask Long Yuyun for some pointers but he didn't dare to reveal too many secrets.

Now, the barbarian race envoy Yi Ming was the best teacher. This person had reached Dao Realm Seven Transformation and was definitely a top expert. He was in charge of the God Temple and had even communicated with evil gods and knew many of their secrets. Be it knowledge or experience, he was top notch. If one asked him for pointers and dug out all of his knowledge, one would be able to enrich one's martial arts and might even be able to break through to Dao Realm.

Shi Tietie knew his place and knew that Gu Chensha had a secret to do. After discussing for an hour, he led the troops and left. The forest became silent.

"Let's continue to venture deeper into the mountains to cultivate. There will be no one to look for then." The remaining two hundred and forty-three people, including Liu Yu and the other four, all obeyed the order.

Originally, marching through the mountains was extremely dangerous. The air was damp and miasma was everywhere. Snakes, insects, rats, and ants were everywhere. The reason why the Great Yongchō army was unable to attack the barbarians was because the barbarian lands were filled with dangerous forests. The forests were ancient and primitive. Once you entered, you would not be able to come out. Not to mention other things, the densely packed poisonous mosquitoes, poisonous leeches, and blood-sucking insects could bite an expert to death.

And now, everyone in Gu Chensha's army was wearing the Horned Dragon Armor. Their entire bodies were wrapped tightly without any gaps. Not even water vapor could enter, let alone poisonous mosquitoes and blood-sucking bugs. Furthermore, this armor could keep them warm, protect them from the cold, and filter out poisonous miasma. They could lie down anywhere and rest. This armor was equivalent to completely isolating their bodies from the outside world. With this armor. Any tents, bedding, all kinds of supplies, and even horses could be discarded.

One had to know that when this armor ran, its speed would be much faster than a horse. If there were horses, then they would have to prepare fodder for the horses and prevent them from getting sick at any time. It was much more troublesome than taking care of people.

The annual cost of feeding a high-grade warhorse was more than the cost of eating and drinking for ten commoners. However, this armor only needed to bask in the sun and absorb sunlight.

The more the army marched, the more Gu Chensha felt that this Horned Dragon Armor was the true weapon of the army.

"It's a pity that there isn't much heavenly dew. Otherwise, I would be able to evolve the Horned Dragon Armor."

Gu Chensha led the army for half a day and arrived at a real dense forest. There was no path forward, and they had to advance by stepping on thorns. At this time, the benefits of the Horned Dragon Armor were revealed. The path was flat. Even sharp blades and swords could not harm this armor, not to mention the thorns and poisonous thorns.

When they arrived at a lake, the two hundred and forty-eight people stopped to rest. Everyone took out a blood strengthening pill and consumed it.

"All of you train here and train your martial arts. Think about how Dashi Marquis's army has been fighting these few days. I have something to do with Yi Ming." Gu Chensha instructed. He and Yi Ming hid in the forest.

With Yi Ming's ability to fly, his range of activity had greatly increased. He quickly flew through hundreds of miles of forest, and his speed in finding tigers and wolves was also extremely fast. In less than a day, he had caught hundreds of fierce tigers and wolves and refined hundreds of tiger wolf pills. Huff huff … Yi Ming started to pant. The two of them slowly landed on the mountain.

"Yi Ming, are your injuries not healed?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Master, on the one hand, my injuries have not healed and on the other hand, flying consumes a lot of xiantian energy. Even if I am at Dao Realm Transformation Seven, I won't fly unless I have no choice. The higher I fly, the faster I am, and the more xiantian energy is consumed. Even if I cultivate the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture, I can't fly anymore."

Yi Ming panted as he spoke. He was a Dao Realm Transformation Seven expert, but he actually started to pant. One could see that he was really close to death.

"So that is the case. The xiantian energy of Dao Realm Transformation Seven has a huge limit." Gu Chensha observed and noticed many things.

"Xiantian energy is stored to fight enemies. Using it to fly is just too wasteful."

Yi Ming said everything he knew, "If I didn't cultivate the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture and cultivated something else, I would have died long ago."

"This is a drop of Heaven Dew. Consume it and you will be able to recover quickly. You will also be able to replenish your energy." Gu Chensha gave Yi Ming three drops of Heaven Dew.

Yi Ming immediately knelt down and was overjoyed, "Thank you, Master. With the Heavenly Dew, not only can I recover from my injuries, but I can also get rid of the evil spirit and evil aura in my body, turning over a new leaf. At the same time, I can cultivate the Maha Suppression Scripture and have hope of breaking through." "Break through!"

Gu Chensha was shocked and nearly retracted the Heaven Dew. Yi Ming broke through, causing the Samadhi True Flame to appear in his body. After refining the talisman, he would die. He asked, "How long will it take for you to break through?"

"So, because of the restriction of the evil god, I need to cultivate another technique. I need at least 60 years to break through.

Now, I only need 10 years, but I hope that Master can give me more Heaven Dew. If I have 1,000 drops, then I will have the confidence to break through in 10 years. If Master doesn't give me Heaven Dew, then I will still need 60 years. "Yi Ming wouldn't lie.

"That is good."

Gu Chensha heaved a sigh of relief. 10 years was okay, even three to five years was enough for him to develop. It seemed like he had to give Yi Ming less Heaven Dew in the future and just let him maintain his current cultivation.

After consuming three drops and resting for an hour, Yi Ming's injuries were totally healed. His Xiantian Earth Energy was full and he was filled with energy. "Master, I have fully recovered. What should I do next?"

"Just give me pointers. I need to digest all the battle experience I gained and settle it down." Gu Chensha had thought about it long ago.

"Yes, Master."

Yi Ming said, "With the Maha Prison Suppression Scripture as the core, I know thousands of righteous and evil martial arts and have guided thousands of barbarian martial arts grandmasters. Among them, there are dozens of barbarians who have broken through to the Dao Realm. Master, I can see through your current situation. You seem to be cultivating the Giant Spirit Divine Art, but in reality, you are cultivating a secret art that is countless times more profound. Your technique is even above the Maha Prison Suppression Scripture.

"Your guess is right."

Gu Chensha wasn't surprised. With Yi Ming's foresight, it was normal for him to be able to see through it. But he couldn't tell him about the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique. There were as many techniques in the world as there were sand, but there was one that wasn't that shocking.

"With Master's strength, in terms of fighting, you can fight against Nine Bulls and Two Tigers who are at the second transformation and even win.

This is because the first transformation is mainly to absorb spiritual energy. The second transformation is just to increase strength. With these two transformations, you can still be killed by normal swords and blades. The third transformation is different. If Master faces him, he won't be his match. "

Yi Ming dissected the cultivation realm, "If Master just cultivated the Great Spirit God Technique, you would have broken through to Dao Realm. But because you cultivated such a high level technique, you weren't able to break through. The higher the technique, the harder it is to break through. But after breaking through, one's achievements will be higher. Master still lacks martial arts foundations and the Martial Dao isn't perfect. In other words, you don't have a deep comprehension of the Dao.

"Go on, I'm listening." Gu Chensha listened very carefully.

"This world is formed by multiple parallel universes. It's so complicated that it's hard to calculate. In the ancient Gods' Divine Scripture, it's called multivariate. Each space-time has its own unique nature. The one we're in is called the material space-time. It can also be called the Color World, or even the True World, which means that it's the real world. The air we breathe doesn't have spiritual qi. Spiritual qi doesn't exist in our world, but it's easily affected by our world and leaked out.

Look. "Yi Ming waved his hand, and immediately, many stones flew over and arranged themselves according to a strange array formation.

He was cutting and cutting. At the same time, he carved some talismans on the stones. Two hours later, he built a small garden. In the end, he plucked a large tree and cut it into wood. He stabbed it into the ground. Weng … There seemed to be a small whirlwind blowing in the garden.

"Master, try walking into the garden." Yi Ming told him.

Gu Chensha walked in and felt refreshed. The air in this temporary garden seemed to be especially fresh. It was relaxing and even the soil smelled fragrant.

"This is the Spirit Gathering Formation?" Gu Chensha asked.

"That's right. I'm using the technique of civil construction to trigger the Fengshui, causing the magnetic poles of the sky and earth to distort. This will slightly affect the space-time, allowing the Spiritual Qi to leak down from another space-time. However, this array is too simple and crude. If there's a slight problem, the magnetic poles will disperse." Yi Ming casually kicked a stone, and the refreshing feeling in the small garden dissipated.

"There are many ways to set up a Spirit Gathering Formation. Some are big, some are small, and the effects are different.

Furthermore, in some places, the natural terrain of the mountains and the earth veins are powerful Spirit Gathering Formations. That place will produce generations of talented people. This is the case with the spirit of the land. Everything is the effect of the spirit energy. "

Yi Ming concluded. "I said so much to tell Master that the Dao Realm is not martial arts. No matter how many battles you have with others, it is just an increase in martial arts experience. The Dao Realm is the understanding of the geography of the mountains and rivers, the rules of the universe, the fluctuations of the airflow, the changes of the magnetic poles, and the movement of the sun and moon. If not, you can't connect spiritual energy into your body."