Chapter 640
===========

"Wen Hong."

Immortal Master Wan frowned. "If it weren't for the distortion of the Heavenly Dao and the great change, he would be the master of the Divine Central Continent, the Son of Destiny, and wield great power. He wouldn't just be an ancient Son of Heaven. He might even be the founder of the future era, enjoying the immortal throne. Unfortunately, the Heavenly Dao changed, and he was reduced to an ordinary Saint. Now that the Divine Prefecture has erupted, his fortune is rising steadily, and we can't ignore him. Unfortunately, he's extremely cunning, and we can't catch him."

"Don't even think about capturing him. He has become a Saint after all, and he is working with the Calming Immortal Department. With the protection of the dimensional realm, it will be difficult to deal with him."

The Immortal Master said, "Wait until he cultivates a Minor Chiliocosm, then he will have some capital to escape."

"Right now, if the Taiyi Mystical Sect, the Heavenly Dance Mystical Sect, the Universe Mystical Sect, Wen Hong, the Minor Divine Continent, and the World's Wish Sphere are all mixed together, and with that huge tree as their foundation, they will multiply endlessly. Then, even if we join forces, we will not be able to break through."

The Immortal Master said, "This way, even if those little fellows truly stabilize their foundation, as their cultivation increases, if all of them become God level, or even Saint level, then it will be very difficult to deal with them. They have 16 Saints now, the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermilion Bird, and the Black Tortoise.

If all of them become Saints and activate the dimensional realm, then they will be on equal footing with us. " "That's right."

Wan Senshi said, "Actually, if you and I join forces, we can completely annihilate these little fellows. Unfortunately, you are unwilling to do so."

"We have too many people tied down. Putting aside whether that person of mine will allow us to do so, even the powerful existences like the three Heavenly Venerables are eyeing us covetously. As long as we are tied down by the dimensional realm, they will make their move. Moreover, the Buddhist Sect seems to be biased towards the Calming Immortal Department." The Immortal Master said, "If the Buddhist Sect and the Calming Immortal Department join forces, then we have no chance of winning."

"Indeed. The Buddhist Sect has accumulated a lot. Although that supreme Buddha is my junior, he is not as strong as I am. It will not be easy for me to completely suppress and kill him." Wan Senshi said, "He announced to the public that he had died, but he hasn't.

It seems that I can only hold a World Salvation Ritual and let the Heavenly Dao devour Gu Taxian. Then, I can carry out a series of plans. Then, no one will be my match.

"You of the Heaven," the Immortal Heaven said, "Immortal Master.

The Immortal Master said, "We are all living beings born from the Big Bang of Primal Chaos. We have witnessed the birth and destruction of many civilizations. We are almost indestructible and have reached the realm where we can live as long as heaven and earth. However, heaven and earth will eventually collapse and return to primal chaos. When we arrive, we, we, we, we, we Gu. Dao of Dao God Ji Would, God Of.

"Of course. I think you want to as well."

Wan Senshi said, "The world will return to primal chaos, and everything will return to nothingness. It's impossible for us to resist such a Dao of Life and Death. Not to mention us, the Hong Meng Tree, the Heaven Offering Talisman, the Boundless Universe, everything will have to return to the furnace. Are you willing to accept this?"

"Naturally, we are unwilling. Hence, we are doing our best to struggle. The three Celestial Venerables are also struggling." The Immortal Master said, "It all depends on whether there is any hope in the end." "I think there's a good chance."

Wan Senshi said, "After all, a situation that even the Heavenly Dao is unable to control has occurred. The Heavenly Dao itself is the will of chaos, life, and death, the highest authority of all.

If we can obtain a slim chance of survival from within, we can also hope for a Primal Chaos to still exist. "

"You have your plans, and I have mine. However, these are still too early for us," the Immortal Master said. "The most important thing now is to solve the problem of the Dharma Saint first."

"After the problem of the Dharma Saint is solved, I'll personally play with those fellows from the Celestial Tranquility Bureau."

Wan Senshi's interest was suddenly piqued. "To think that they actually took advantage of the fact that I was too busy to deal with them and took over the chess piece that was Jing Fanxing. This is something that has never happened in the past several tens of thousands of years. " "Be careful not to fail miserably at such an easy task," the Immortal Master said with a smile.

"A small surprise makes it all the more interesting."

Wan Senshi said, "Let's not fuss over these things for now. When do you think the Dharma Saint will be able to cultivate a medium-class world?" "It should be soon."

The Immortal Master said, "He has already helped Wu Dangkong comprehend the wonders of the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. Using this talisman, he can borrow the power of the heavens and repay it in the future. It will be enough to make up for all losses. The thirteen Deity level experts of the school of Legalism are in the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar, which is equivalent to 130 Deities. Such a huge amount of power should be more than enough to push the advancement of the medium-class world.

If my guess is correct, the Dharma Saint will need another three months to completely transform. Of course, he might still have some tricks and allies hidden up his sleeves. He won't be defeated so easily. Although our cultivation levels are high, it will be very troublesome to kill a Celestial Venerable. " "When did the Celestial Venerable become one in your words?"

Wan Senshi said, "However, a Celestial Venerable that hasn't become a medium-class world isn't that much of a threat. If he becomes a medium-class world, he will have the ability to fight us to the death."

"The Celestial Venerable realm is one level lower than us. It is outside the Three Realms and not within the Five Elements. According to our classification, it is Celestial Venerable, Celestial Longevity, and Celestial Origin.

We are all in the Celestial Longevity realm. The so-called Celestial Longevity realm means that we live as long as the heavens. We are already at the peak. You haven't seen a creature in the Celestial Origin realm, right? "Wan Senshi said.

"A creature in the Celestial Origin realm is equivalent to a mighty force on par with the Boundless Universe. I have indeed never seen one before.

If we include magic treasures, the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, the Desolate Dragon Gate, and the Grandmist Tree, it should be the Celestial Origin realm, "Wan Senshi said.

"Then do those three little fellows, Yuan Gu, Dou Sheng, and Pu Tuo have any hope of reaching the Celestial Longevity realm?" the Immortal Master asked.

"Those three little fellows are extremely cunning. It's very likely that they have already ascended to our realm. They're just biding their time. Although I said that the three of them are nothing to worry about, the truth is that the three of them are already peerless enemies."

Wan Senshi was very clear in his heart. However, even if the three of them ascended to the Celestial Longevity realm, their accumulation would still be far inferior to ours. They are beings born after the heavens, while we are beings born from the primal chaos explosion. In terms of innate strength, there will be a gap. "

"Right now, they are coveting some of the treasures of the Grandmist Tree in order to make up for their innate weakness and stand on par with us," the Immortal Master said.

"Those three little fellows have been restless ever since the Primordial Era, and they've slowly grown to such colossal realms," Wan Senshi said. "It looks like after we deal with the Dharma Saint, we'll have to deal with them as well.

If we don't deal with those three little fellows, I'm afraid that my Great Sacrificial Rite of Salvation will inevitably fail in the end. " "That's inevitable," the Immortal Master said.

The Immortal Master said, "It just so happens that it will take a few months for our power to be completely fused together. So, we'll give the Dharma Saint three months."

Both of them were cultivating with each other, drawing out the power of their own dimensional worlds to forge a one-time attack.

Both of them were ancient creatures born from the primal chaos explosion. Now that they were working together, their offensive power could be raised to a frightening level. Days passed by.

Ever since the day Wan Senshi declared war against the Calming Immortal Department, many people from the Alliance of Myriad Immortals wanted to capture the people of the Calming Immortal Department. However, in the first month, all those who harbored evil intentions were captured by the department. Moreover, the department directly declared that the Alliance of Myriad Immortals was an illegal organization, and that any member of the Alliance of Myriad Immortals who entered the Divine Central Continent or the Wildlands would be killed immediately upon sight.

As long as the original members of the Alliance of Myriad Immortals withdrew from the Alliance and confessed their crimes, they would be leniently dealt with, and would also be rewarded handsomely. They would be sent to the Divine Central Continent to cultivate and be taught the Dragon Cultivation Technique. In a short period of time, many members of the Alliance of Myriad Immortals also began to rebel.

Gu Chensha had advanced to the Twenty-Sixth Transformation of the Dao Realm, "All Techniques Return to One". The three hundred and sixty Marshals of the Common People who were suppressing the land of Yongzhou had also advanced to the Twenty-Sixth Transformation. With Gu Chensha's current cultivation base, with each advancement in level, his combat prowess would increase by several times, or even tenfold.

Because he had won against Wan Senshi in a battle of magical powers against Jing Fanxing, he had obtained Wan Senshi's Dao-Seeking Diagram, the method to condense the World Tree, and the essence of the Tree of Wishes. Gu Chensha's comprehension of the Primordial Tree had deepened. He used the Heavenly Dao Technique to simulate everything, and it was like a fish in water.

What was even more amazing was that when he advanced to the Twenty-Sixth Transformation, "All Techniques Return to One", he had refined the All Elephants Shattering Cudgel and fused it into his body.

This was why his current combat prowess, not including his medium-class world, was comparable to a God-level expert at the Thirty Transformation of the Dao Realm, "World Creation".

If he improved further and reached the more crucial Twenty-Seventh Transformation, "Seamless Space Between Two Worlds", he would be able to tear apart space. Then, with his own strength, it would be a piece of cake for him to kill a God Shattering Dust World. The All Elephants Shattering Cudgel's ability was to destroy worlds and destroy all phenomena.

It was true that Gu Chensha could use the Art of Heavenly Dao to activate seventy to eighty percent of his power, but only when he reached the Twenty-seventh Transformation and comprehended the wonders of space tearing could he use his powerful magic power to tear space. Only then could he use the full power of the All Elephants Shattering Cudgel.

Now, with a single thought from Gu Chensha, the All Elephants Shattering Cudgel that he had refined in his body had already turned into a ball of runes.

This ball of runes wasn't the main body, but the will that had been refined. It was the God of Strength's true god dao. The God of Strength was known as the God of Strength, so his true god dao was to use strength to destroy everything.

This ball of runes was a spiritual will that had fused into Gu Chensha's heart, causing his spirit force to reach the realm of being able to use 200 million things at once.

Moreover, when Gu Chensha was slowly nurturing this rune, the God of Strength's body also started to appear in his Heavenly Dao Technique. It was as if he had obtained the God of Strength's true orthodoxy.