Chapter 170
===========

Gu Chensha knew that he was no match for Li Wangsheng. But he had an absolute way to protect himself.

His body didn't even think. When danger approached, he had already disappeared, causing Li Wangsheng to pounce on empty air. Obviously, he had already hidden in the space of the Sun Moon Altar.

Although he was no match for Li Wangsheng, it was impossible for Li Wangsheng to kill him in an instant without giving him a chance to dodge. With his strength, he would not be killed in an instant. Li Wangsheng missed his target.

Surprise appeared on his face. He knew that Gu Chensha had escaped into space, but even a space treasure would leave a trace. How could it be invisible?

He also had a space treasure on him. If he entered it, the treasure would float in the air and appear in front of the enemy. He had never even heard of such an invisible space treasure, let alone seen it.

At this time, Lou Baiyue attacked from behind. She was like a demon god as she slashed down from the sky. A long black knife appeared in her palm. As she slashed down, it was like a song. Heaven's will was like a knife.

Li Wangsheng clasped his hands together and caught the knife. Then, a raging flame appeared on his palms. It coiled like a snake and burned towards Lou Baiyue's body.

"Burning Spirit Fire?"

Lou Baiyue's expression changed slightly, "It can burn any spiritual energy that comes into contact with it. It specializes in burning Xiantian Gang Qi. Unfortunately, it is useless against me. The God Slaying Gang Qi cannot be burned by the Burning Spirit Fire."

As she spoke, the God Slaying Gang Qi in her body changed continuously like waves, instantly extinguishing the fire.

The Burning Spirit Fire was a strange technique. It was extremely vicious. After mastering it, one could use the Xiantian Gang Qi of others as fuel. Touching it would cause the whole body to burn. Li Wangsheng activated this technique because he wanted to kill.

But Lou Baiyue's Great God Slaying Technique was created by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. It suppressed many worlds and its profound meaning was different from any other technique. Even the Son of Heaven's Investiture Technique could not suppress it, so how could any other secret technique resist it?

Seeing that he couldn't burn Lou Baiyue's Gang Qi, Li Wangsheng suddenly opened his five fingers and grasped forward. With a fierce force, he once again displayed a ruthless martial art.

This claw wasn't a dragon, but rather a hundred poisonous hooks. It carried a deep poisonous aura, and there were even Yin flames flickering on its surface. It was a ghost claw that came from the underworld.

"Nether Ghostclaw?"

Lou Baiyue slapped out with the back of her hand. The nature of the God Slaughtering Astral Qi became extremely ferocious. It condensed into a crystal and attached itself to her entire body, causing her to look as if she was wearing a crystal armor. Crunch crunch …

The Netherworld Ghost Claw grabbed onto her body and rubbed against the crystal god slaying qi, releasing an ear-piercing explosion, but it did not tear through her defense.

Seeing that this martial art couldn't break Lou Baiyue's defense, Li Wangsheng changed his martial art again. His fists and palms alternated like layers of mountain shadows, pressing toward the center from all directions.

"Ten Thousand Sumeru Mountains?"

Lou Baiyue casually waved her hands and broke all these mountain shadows, "This is an ancient Buddhist fist technique. It condenses the Innate Gang Qi to the extreme. When you attack, the power is extremely heavy. Just one punch can break any protective Gang Qi. People who are inside it will feel as if they are being crushed by ten thousand mountains. It's extremely uncomfortable. It's a pity that you have only cultivated the Hundred Mountains. You haven't even reached the Thousand Mountains, let alone the Ten Thousand Mountains. Legend has it that the ancient Buddha once used this technique to suppress the Chaotic Demonic Ape God with one hand, but later this evil god escaped. It seems that Li Wanlong let him out. " "Lou Baiyue, don't think that the Great God Slaughtering Technique is invincible."

Li Wangsheng used many secret techniques in a row, but still couldn't break the Great God Slaughtering Technique's Gang Qi. Although Lou Baiyue couldn't do anything to him, what realm was he in?

He was much higher than Lou Baiyue, but he actually tied with her. This was something he couldn't stand. Especially at this time, when Gu Chensha appeared again.

Gu Chensha was somewhat elusive, constantly absorbing the Innate Gang Qi that drifted in the aftermath of the battle. If this went on, sooner or later his Gang Qi would be exhausted by Lou Baiyue, and it might even lead to his failure.

"No, I have to think of a way." Li Wangsheng once again changed several martial arts and attacked Lou Baiyue like a storm. Gu Chensha continued to wander around the periphery, and he was amazed by what he saw.

Li Wangsheng would change a powerful martial art in almost every round of attack. So far, he had changed at least seven or eight kinds of martial arts, each of which was very powerful. Some were good, some were evil, some were majestic, some were gloomy, some were intertwining, and some were sharp. It was so compact that it made people breathless.

And Lou Baiyue used the God Slaughtering Gang Qi to break all kinds of martial arts of Li Wangsheng with this martial art.

As the two of them exchanged blows, they moved like a hare and swooped down like a falcon. Their Stellar Energy changed and their moves were exquisite, allowing Gu Chensha to learn many things.

This was a real expert's actual combat. He was there, and the things he learned were far better than reading.

He wandered around the periphery, absorbing the splashing Innate Gang Qi into the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. At the same time, the Demon Subduing Blade in his hand aimed at various angles, trying to deal a fatal blow to Li Wangsheng.

Of course, Li Wangsheng didn't care about him at all, but he was annoying. It was like a mosquito and a fly flying around his ear, very annoying.

There was another thing that Li Wangsheng had to guard against, and that was that Gu Chensha was very cunning and had a treasure that he couldn't imagine. If he took advantage of him being unprepared and used some kind of evil treasure, it would be hard to defend against it. Whoosh!

Li Wangsheng pulled out his arms and legs and stabbed in the air. The sword light was like lightning, bombarding Gu Chensha's body without warning. This caught him off guard.

Seeing that Gu Chensha's skin was torn and his flesh was torn, and he escaped into an inexplicable time and space, Li Wangsheng thought that he was seriously injured and was not far from death. But just as he and Lou Baiyue fought for a while, Gu Chensha came out again.

This time, not only was his injury completely healed, but his aura was also stronger, as if he had refined all the Innate Gang Qi in his attack.

Gu Chensha was like a piece of mud that couldn't be shaken off or broken. He stuck to Li Wangsheng's side. Li Wangsheng was restrained by Lou Baiyue and couldn't do anything to him. He even sneered at him from time to time.

"Li Wangsheng, you are only so-so. Your attacks are refined by me and become my nourishment. But then again, your Innate Gang Qi is really a great nourishment." Gu Chensha walked around the periphery and sneered at Li Wangsheng, making him angry.

In Li Wangsheng's eyes, Gu Chensha was like a mantis jumping in front of a cart, but the wheels couldn't crush him. Lou Baiyue gave Gu Chensha a look of approval while attacking. "Well done." "Damn it!"

Li Wangsheng suddenly burst out. Many small dragons appeared on his body. These small dragons swam in all directions, emitting various kinds of colorful lights. Wherever they went, there would be an explosion. In an instant, the surrounding dozens of miles immediately turned into a sea of Gang Qi. No one could hide from it.

Moreover, with him as the center, a huge Innate Gang Qi vortex formed, trying to absorb everything around it. But at this moment, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue disappeared at the same time. The two of them cooperated very well. The moment Li Wangsheng exploded, they both hid. In other words, Li Wangsheng's attack burst out of nowhere and hit nothing. After the burst, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue reappeared.

Lou Baiyue smiled and said, "Li Wangsheng, this move of yours is called Demon Extinguishes the World. I didn't expect it to be so powerful. If I had to face it head-on, I might really be able to break my God Slaying Gang Qi. After all, my cultivation level is lower than yours, but I have a magic weapon that makes me invincible. Even if Li Wanlong came, he might not be able to break my magic weapon. The Demon Extinguishes the World consumes a lot of Innate Gang Qi. I think you used at least half of the Innate Gang Qi in your body with this attack." "Lou Baiyue, I didn't expect you to also use that treasure."

Li Wangsheng frowned. The move he had just used was indeed terrifying. The Demon Extinguishes the World was a destructive attack. If his opponent hadn't hidden, he would have died immediately.

"What is that treasure of yours?" "You have to guess it yourself."

Gu Chensha came out again and stared at Li Wangsheng, "If you fight with us, you will definitely lose. None of your attacks can break our magic weapons." Lou Baiyue didn't say anything. She opened her palm and attacked. In an instant, she was fighting with Li Wangsheng again.

This time, Li Wangsheng's breath was much weaker and not as fierce as before. After three or four exchanges, he suddenly let out a long roar and turned into a ball of light. It flashed violently and disappeared in an instant. He had already left this place. Lou Baiyue didn't chase after him.

"Li Wangsheng ran away?" Gu Chensha also expected this ending, "Are we going to start exploring this Buzhou Palace now?"

"Li Wangsheng's Demon Extinguishes the World didn't hit us. The consumption of Innate Gang Qi is too great."

Lou Baiyue said, "Moreover, we can hide in the magic weapons and be invisible. He can't hurt us at all. What's the point of staying here if we don't leave?"

"This time, I absorbed the Gang Qi from the aftermath of your battle and used the Dragon Transformation Pagoda to refine it. I benefited a lot." Gu Chensha said, "But I can't help much next. It's up to you." "What do you think of the Fengshui of this Buzhou Palace?" Lou Baiyue flew up and looked around.

Gu Chensha also stood side by side with her. As far as the eye could see, there were tens of thousands of palaces and they couldn't see the end. Was it not thousands of miles?

Only the ancient Son of Heaven, whose magic power surpassed that of a god, could refine such a magnificent palace.

"Actually, this palace is a space of its own. We are all in the space of the palace now."

Gu Chensha said, "Between the layers of the palace, there are countless formations. Although many are damaged, the layout of the construction is not to be underestimated. I see at least hundreds of thousands of formations linked together, attracting and operating with each other. It's amazing. Look over there, there is the Four Symbols Immortal Formation, there is the Eight Trigrams Heaven Formation, here is the Nine Qi Dragon Vein …"

Gu Chensha had read the ancient books on formations and Fengshui. He was now very knowledgeable. Looking carefully here and combining what he had learned, he immediately learned a lot.

He felt that the greatest treasure here was that he could see many Fengshui layouts operating with each other, seamlessly piecing together.

His eyes looked around, remembering many of the diagrams of the Buzhou Palace in his mind. "This is the Way of Buzhou …" In that instant, he seemed to have comprehended some sort of key trick.

This palace was built by the ancient Son of Heaven Zhou. Son of Heaven Zhou also cultivated the Son of Heaven God Investiture Art. The Buzhou Palace he formed naturally contained the secret of the Son of Heaven God Investiture Art.