Chapter 685
===========

Sure enough, the North Star God and Jing Qiu spoke righteously in the beginning, but once Longevity God took the bait, they immediately turned hostile. Longevity God was very clear about this. He and Gu Chensha had already discussed this matter.

"Your Highness, can you resolve the Heavenly Demon Tree in my Minute World?" Longevity God asked.

"Don't worry. This North Star God's scheme is just a small trick. It's not generous at all. As an existence at the Heavenly Venerable level, the ancestor of the Monster Race, he actually used these crafty schemes and tricks to turn hostile. It's really too despicable. He won't be able to achieve anything great."

Gu Chensha's tone was full of disdain. "If the North Star God was more generous, he would have immediately given you the position of Blessing God. The situation would still be under his control, but he's actually so petty and treacherous. No wonder the ancient Monster Race has declined until now." Regarding this, Gu Chensha indeed looked down on the North Star God. Wan Senshi's actions were much more generous than the North Star God's. How could such actions win the hearts of the heroes of the world?

Gu Chensha's understanding of the Heavenly Demon Tree could be said to have surpassed the North Star God. This wasn't his wisdom, but the wisdom of the ancient Heavenly Sons of Heaven. In addition, there was also the wisdom of Wan Senshi's Small World Tree.

The Buddhist Sect's understanding of the Grandmist Tree also surpassed the North Star God. From the Grandmist Tree, they deduced the Heavenly Demon Tree's flaws.

Gu Chensha used these flaws to infiltrate it with the Heavenly Dao. Unknowingly, he controlled the entire Heavenly Demon Tree and allowed Longevity God to use it. In other words, after Gu Chensha's operation, the North Star God suffered a double loss.

The Heavenly Demon Tree's seed contained the North Star God's divine power. It had been painstakingly refined and was very rare. Otherwise, it would have been impossible to control Longevity God.

It should be known that the Longevity Immortal was a Sage with two True God Thrones. Even though the North Star Heavenly Venerate was a Heavenly Venerate, it wasn't easy to control such a Sage.

Therefore, the North Star God created the seed of the Heavenly Demon Tree and used its divine power to catalyze it, filling Longevity God's world and controlling it from the inside. This was also one of the supreme mysteries of the Heavenly Demon Tree.

If Longevity God didn't have Gu Chensha's help, he would have been controlled by the North Star Clan, and he would have been unable to live or die.

But now that there was Gu Chensha, it was completely different. Longevity God had secretly absorbed this Heavenly Demon Tree, saving at least thousands of years of bitter cultivation.

"This seed of the Heavenly Demon Tree contains the accumulation of the North Star Continent for many years. In order to control you, it can be said that it has invested a lot of capital. Because of this, once this seed enters your world, it doesn't need to absorb any vitality to automatically grow into a towering tree. This time, you have a lot of good fortune. After eating this wave, you already have the foundation of a Minor Chiliocosm. Even if you don't obtain the great position of the God of Lu, you can still cultivate a Minor Chiliocosm in the future."

Gu Chensha carefully analyzed the situation and found that he had completely removed the hidden dangers of Longevity God and allowed Longevity God's Minute Dust World to accumulate enough power. As long as it underwent a slight transformation, it could evolve into a dimensional realm.

"This is all thanks to King's divine plan. But now that the North Star Continent thinks that they have controlled me, we have a great chance to cheat them again."

Longevity God also hated the North Star Continent, and he was extremely vengeful. He instantly thought of many plans to deal with the North Star Continent.

"That's right. This time, we must cheat the North Star Continent."

Gu Chensha said coldly, "Longevity God, your ambition is still a little small. You just want to deceive the North Star Continent and obtain some benefits from it. But I'm different. I want to suppress the North Star Continent and refine it into the World Tree. You should know that my Common People's Wish sphere now has the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, and Black Tortoise. Only the North Star Continent is missing. If the North Star Continent returns, it will have all five elements. How strong will the dimensional realm sphere become? It will definitely be able to deal with everything that happens next. So what if it's an Empyrean Realm North Star Continent? I feel that the North Star Continent hasn't recovered the supreme power of the ancient era. Now is the best time for us to suppress and kill it. " "King."

Longevity God already knew what Gu Chensha meant. He was simply horrified. He never expected that Gu Chensha would have such great ambitions. He wanted to suppress the North Star Continent. The North Star Continent was a Celestial Venerable, the ancestor of all demons. It was the strongest divine beast condensed from the essence of the earth since ancient times. It was almost an undefeatable antique. "Can we really suppress the North Star Continent?

Right now, the Calm Immortal Department has many enemies. If we fight with the North Star Continent, won't others take advantage of it? " "Of course, I won't act rashly."

Gu Chensha said, "But have you thought about it? Jing Qiu is a cunning person. He definitely won't listen to the North Star Continent's orders. In fact, if I'm not wrong, he has an agreement with the Dharma Saint. He definitely wants to secretly ally with the Dharma Saint to suppress the North Star Continent.

The North Star Continent is formed from the true essence of the earth. Whoever can suppress it in the depths of their own world will benefit greatly. The stability of the world will be far greater than before it was suppressed. "

"Looks like King is waiting for an opportunity to let the Dharma Saint take action to suppress the North Star Continent? We'll be the fisherman. "Longevity God immediately understood Gu Chensha's thoughts.

"That's natural. Now that you cooperate with me, at the most crucial moment, you will definitely be able to deal a fatal blow to the North Star Continent."

Gu Chensha said, "My plans are huge, and there are even stronger things that have yet to appear. As the zen culture fuses with the civilization of the Great Yongchō's 20 billion citizens, the Buddhist orthodoxy will also strengthen. The Paramita Golden Mountain will gradually reveal its great power. Not only that, the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong will also enter the Great Prestige Dynasty. There are 50 billion people there. Now that we are spreading our civilization, our Calm Immortal Department will also become stronger and stronger."

"I already know what to do." Longevity God said, "King, don't worry. We must suppress the North Star Continent." "This matter is not far away."

Gu Chensha said, "I will first help you secretly obtain the True God Throne of the Lu God. This Jing Qiu can't beat you."

Just as Gu Chensha and Longevity God were discussing how to plan, Jing Qiu and the North Star Continent were communicating through their wills.

"Lord North Star Continent, this Longevity God obtained two True God Thrones. It's not a small matter. Moreover, it's very likely that he has something that Wan Senshi set up. I'm afraid …" Jing Qiu was still very careful.

"You're afraid that he will break the seal?"

This Heavenly Fiend Tree seed was nurtured by me for thousands of years. It's not an ordinary seed. If it completely melts, it can immediately form a Minor Thousand World. This Longevity God is a person with great destiny and great luck, but he will never submit to anyone. Even I can't subdue him, so I broke my oath to completely control him and sharpen his character. If he can completely submit to me in the next three years, then he still has a chance. Otherwise, he can only be devoured by me. "

"Longevity God is known for being cunning in the Profound Path of Immortals, but how can he fight against Lord North Star Continent?" Aunt Hu quickly said.

"Jing Qiu, Longevity God has already been subdued by me. He's now your assistant. You and Aunt Hu will manage the Holy Sama Empire together. Aside from offering sacrifices to yourself, you will also offer sacrifices to me. I'm the supreme being, the ruler of the earth. I'm the true essence of the earth. Offer sacrifices to me, and the soil will be fertile."

This was the North Star Continent's true goal. "My injuries from back then have not fully recovered. I need the essence of the Desolation Heart to truly recover. Moreover, at that time, I will reach the peak of the Heavenly Life Realm and even surpass Wan Senshi and Celestial Lord." "I will definitely help Lord North Star Continent." Jing Qiu bowed.

"Very good. I'm going to do something in the space-time turbulence. Look after Longevity God in case he refuses to submit and causes trouble." As he spoke, the North Star Continent disappeared.

"Jing Qiu, are you going to carry out Lord North Star Continent's plan now?"

Seeing the North Star Continent leave, Aunt Hu said, "Immediately establish Lord North Star Continent's faith and then help him obtain the Desolation Heart. At that time, we will all benefit greatly." "Is that so?"

A strange smile suddenly appeared on Jing Qiu's face. "The Holy Sama Empire is mine. I am the only true god in the empire. Apart from me, there are no other gods. Not even the North Star Continent. " "What?"

Hu Gu Shen was shocked, as though she didn't dare to believe her ears. "You, you actually dared to betray Lord North Star. Who gave you the guts? Don't forget that Lord North Star has also placed a restriction on your body." "Hmph."

Jing Qiu said, "The North Star Continent's mind isn't clear. I already knew that there would be this calamity. Therefore, I worked together with Lord Dharma Saint to remove the North Star Continent's restrictions.

Lord Dharma Saint used Wu Dangkong's Heaven Sacrificial Decree and used the secrets within to remove the North Star Continent's restrictions. How can the North Star Continent compare to the Heaven Sacrificial Decree? Lord Dharma Saint, Wu Dangkong, please come out. This time, we are going to do something big. We will capture the North Star Continent's primogenitor and use the Heaven Sacrificial Decree to refine it. Then, we can control all the demons in the world and gather immense power. " Rumble! The space opened. Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong appeared together.

The light of the sun and moon appeared on Wu Dangkong's body. They intertwined and seemed to give birth to a heaven and earth. In this heaven and earth, a talisman appeared. It was the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. It was obvious that she could use the power of the talisman to protect herself against enemies.

"Not bad, Jing Qiu. You fooled the North Star Continent perfectly."

The moment Wu Dangkong came out, he nodded. "The North Star Continent is really too old. His injuries haven't even healed and he wants to stir up trouble. He's just courting death. Aunt Hu, you're a smart person. Follow me and be a maid. I'll spare your life and you'll obtain great benefits. How about that?" ..... Unknowingly, the talisman had reached two million words. Everyone knows that after the Emperor of the Galaxy ended, I basically didn't write for a year.

A large part of it was because the website fell into the hands of others. Those people didn't understand online literature and randomly interfered. Also, I wrote for more than ten years and it was too tiring. From Buddhism to Dao, Old Demon of Black Mountain, The Romance of Dragon and Snake, Sun God, Eternal Life, Saint King, Emperor of the Galaxy. A total of seven books with more than 20 million words. Ten years of wind and rain, how many decades can a person's life have? So, at that time, I prepared to change my life.

But later on, I felt that I wasn't willing to give up just like that. So, my team and I took back the website and I wrote a new Dragon Talisman.

Starting from the Emperor of the Galaxy, the main characters in my books have changed. Everyone must have noticed it.

In the previous books, the main character of Buddhism is Dao, Zhou Qing, the main character of Old Demon of Black Mountain, Wang Zhong, the main character of The Romance of Dragon and Snake, Sun God Hong Yi, Eternal Life Fang Han, and Saint King Yang Qi.

These people all showed off their abilities and flew in all directions. They were like peerless swords that cut through the waterfall of life and death.

But the main character of Emperor of the Galaxy, Jiang Li, was more peaceful. The entire book's plot also became more ordinary. There weren't any exciting words like before.

In this Dragon Talisman book, the protagonist, Gu Chensha, was no longer as clean and efficient as the previous protagonists who killed anyone in their way.

I was surprised by the huge changes in these two books. The biggest reason was that I was older and my personality was much more peaceful. So, whether it was the main character's personality or the book's plot, they all became more ordinary. My life was ordinary, and my writing was ordinary.

Just as I thought that my writing and life would be ordinary, the previous person in charge of the Divine Arms Battalion, the Emperor of the Galaxy's Billion Guildmaster, came to find me.

He told me, "Divine Armament, it's been a long time since you showed up in front of the old brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion. Everyone is still reading your book and waiting for you to speak.

The old brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion haven't dispersed yet, and the seventy-two guilds are still here. The book can't be written, but the brothers can't be separated. " When I heard this, my heart was moved, and I almost burst into tears.

The hot-blooded feeling I had when I was Sun God and fought for eight consecutive monthly votes, as well as the fighting spirit of the Emperor of the Galaxy's Billion Guildmaster, seemed to have returned to my body. No matter what, the brothers can't be separated.

So, we started to act crazily. We started to contact the old brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion. With the help of Xiaowu, Scumbag, and other old hardcore fans, we built the Divine Armament Dojo. It was a place for the brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion to gather. Everyone could read and practice martial arts. We could pursue our own lives, our own Dao, and our own passion. Our brothers from all over the world finally had a home to return to. All the readers who have read my book, Dreaming of Divine Armaments, are my brothers.

As for the news about the Divine Armament Dojo, I will post it on my official WeChat account and Weibo.

Also, Scumbag, Xiaowu, and other old brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion will read and practice martial arts with us. They will direct and act in their own performances and take videos and pictures of the stories in and out of the book. Readers of the Divine Arms Battalion, please contact Scumbag and Xiaowu and join our big family.

For this reunion event, a few tycoons of the Divine Arms Battalion and the author's fan platform of the Orange Melon App have sponsored an iPhone 7, three gold coins, ten signed books, and 30 sets of the Divine Arms Battalion's Tang Suit.

All of them will be given to the brothers of the Divine Arms Battalion who have picked on the wrong people. This is our reward receiving group: {127066225}. There are Scumbag, Xiaowu, and the tycoons who sponsored this event.

If you join the group, not only will you receive an iPhone 7 and gold coins, but you will also receive an invitation from the Divine Armament Dojo. You can come here and eat, drink, and have fun with us. You can also film the characters in the book. You can download the Orange Melon App to see the videos of my dojo. Because of the fate caused by the book, we are connected in reality.

From now on, we will bid farewell to the plain and burn with passion and passion, both in and out of the book. Me! Dreaming of Divine Armaments. It has returned. The Divine Arms Battalion has returned.