Chapter 1136
============

There's a Higher Mountain

Qin Guang was invincible. After appearing out of nowhere, he immediately wanted to prove himself and his ability to dominate the heavens. He went to the Lifeless World and made his move.

The Lifeless World's power was no match for him at all. In his opinion, even if the Old World and the New World joined forces, it would be a piece of cake. If they joined forces, he would be able to take them all out in one fell swoop without wasting any more power. He even had the ability to turn the multiverse into ashes and rebuild it from scratch.

It was just that deep in his heart, he still had some misgivings about Gu Chensha. Otherwise, he would have done as he pleased long ago.

Seeing the New World's Will Gu Xinjian and the Old World's Will Gu Taxian appear, Qin Guang showed no fear at all. Instead, a smile appeared on his face. "Good, very good. I've long since calculated that you would make your move.

Since you've appeared together, it means that you've been working on it for a long time. The Old World's, New World's, and Lifeless World's source energies have actually been linked together to form an even larger world. Once this world's evolution succeeds, it will greatly increase your strength.

Unfortunately, I'm here today, and I'm going to do the same thing. However, I'll monopolize the fruits of the evolution. If you're obedient and become my slaves, I can share some of the soup with you. If you're disobedient, only death awaits you. " "Do it!"

The New World's Will Gu Xinjian and the Old World's Will Gu Taxian didn't waste any more words with Qin Guang. They felt that any nonsense was meaningless at this time. Rumble!

The three enormous source energies gathered together. Instantly, the palace became a palace of absolute destruction. Inside the palace, countless energies surged, and three completely different data appeared.

One was the source energy of the Lifeless World, and the other was the source energy of the Old World and the New World. This meant that the three great worlds were about to merge.

These three great worlds were boundless universes. Once they merged and evolved, what kind of level would they reach? Perhaps even Gu Chensha was looking forward to this change.

Gu Chensha was also paying close attention to this change. However, he did not intend to interfere. He wanted to let them determine the winner and loser on their own. Just like raising Gu insects, when the Gu insects were devouring each other, the Gu breeder would not interfere.

"Since you fellows are courting death, I have no choice but to grant you your wish. If I can destroy the old and new worlds and kill off all the people inside, I can do the same to you fellows." Seeing what was happening, Qin Guang's lips curled into a savage grin.

"Destroy." Two words came out of his mouth.

Instantly, a world-destroying beam of light shot out from him, spreading out in all directions. Deathless and non-deathless, void and non-void, matter and energy, as well as non-matter and non-energy, all of it merged into the beam of light. This was his ultimate technique. Comprehending the strongest move. Just this move alone could make him invincible.

"This person has gone completely mad, just like Fa Wuxian back then. He wanted to devour the entire universe, but in the end, he was besieged and killed. Right now, his power won't last long." The new world's will, Gu Xinjian, roared.

All of a sudden, he and the old world's will, Gu Taxian, emitted the same ripple. The two of them joined forces, and the ripple surged out, clashing with Qin Guang's light beam. Crackle!

Many black holes appeared here, rising and falling. Who knew how many strange phenomena had occurred.

"Everyone, today is the day of life and death."

Qu Chen said, "The situation is already irreversible. This Qin Guang is here to destroy us. If we still don't join forces, we will suffer a calamity. Activate the grand formation and completely release ourselves. Let the Lifeless World, the New World, and the Old World unite." "That's right, let's go all out!" "Kill!" "Activate what we have prepared." "Sacrifice." All the Lifeless Undying experts activated their strongest mystic arts and released their authority.

"Today is the best time for me to do so."

Among them, only Chen Qi was very happy. Many bubbles appeared above his head, each containing a world. These worlds were extremely illusory, as if they weren't real. However, as Qin Guang activated his power and the new world's will, Gu Xinjian and the old world's will, Gu Taxian, clashed, the residual power was absorbed by these worlds, and they gradually grew into a real world. These bubbles, which were as numerous as the sands of eternity, were all worlds within him.

It was unknown how many illusory worlds he had created. These worlds had a great impact on the hearts of countless people. Among them, there were stories of sorrow, joy, separation, and reunion, or impassioned stories, all of which stirred people's hearts.

These worlds were illusory worlds, but now that they had obtained the highest level of power, they were all full of life.

In this life, Chen Qi had relied on himself to spread his knowledge across the multiverse, finally reaching the Lifeless Undying Realm, and his power had been steadily increasing.

His lifespan had always been in the tens of billions, but he had hidden it very well, so he had always been ranked fourth in the Lifeless World. In reality, if he went all out, he might have been able to compete with Qu Chen for the first position. However, he felt that the first position was meaningless, and it was better to stand aloof from the world and continue to develop and create illusory worlds.

Because of this, many people thought that he was harmless, and he had the most friends. No one had any ill intentions towards him.

Now, he activated illusory worlds to absorb the residual power of the battle. Not only did it enrich his power, but it also helped many people block a lot of damage. Buzz …

In just a few moments, a lot of the shockwaves had been absorbed, and Chen Qi's lifespan was still increasing. Above his head, countless bubbles became corporeal, and many of the people in those worlds became real. Unknowingly, his lifespan had reached 100 billion.

Once it reached 100 billion, his strength would be on the same level as Lou Baiyue, Zhou Qin, and the others.

Moreover, this was not all. His lifespan had not stopped, and it was as if there were no bottlenecks that could endlessly increase.

"Chen Qi, as expected of the person I took a fancy to back then."

Gu Chensha was paying close attention to this and continuously nodded. Back then, in the Arcane Universe, Chen Qi had still been an ordinary person who had become rich by writing novels. Gu Chensha had taken a fancy to him, and he had many fortuitous encounters. Later, after a series of events, he had become Indestructible. However, Chen Qi had never forgotten his original goal, and he continued to construct worlds to gather Fate and increase his power. Countless powers started to transform and accumulate. Boom! His lifespan once again broke through, reaching 200 billion years. He could faintly contend against the new world's Gu Xinjian and the old world's Will, Gu Taxian.

"Suppress!"

Above his head, countless real worlds and countless lifeforms were completely resurrected. His strength, courage, fate, and wisdom were all gathered on his body.

All of Qin Guang's attacks seemed to be unable to harm him. They were all absorbed by his illusory world, and instead helped him. Surges of power directly reinforced Qin Guang's body.

Qin Guang's power was actually unable to be released, and its power was greatly reduced. Chen Qi was actually able to withstand it, and it seemed like his plan to destroy the three universes was starting to fail.

"What's going on? Impossible! "

Qin Guang seemed to not dare to believe his eyes. "I've appeared out of nowhere, and I'm already invincible. How can there be such a freak who can actually contend against me?" Whoosh!

His body moved, bypassing the new world's Will, Gu Xinjian, and the old world's Will, Gu Taxian, and directly attacked Chen Qi.

Chen Qi had no fear at all. He pushed out with both palms, and in an instant, he clashed with Qin Guang dozens of times. Each time, Qin Guang's power surged into his body, wanting to kill him. However, an illusory world appeared above his head, absorbing the power and turning it into a real world.

This way, Qin Guang could not do anything to Chen Qi at all. Instead, he was helping Chen Qi cultivate some kind of divine art. Whoosh! At this time, Chen Qi's lifespan increased again, reaching over 300 billion years.

His will began to affect the source of the three universes. The source of the three universes, the old world, and the Longevity World, started to merge.

"Merge within!"

At this time, seeing that it was already time, Chen Qi suddenly activated the power in his body, and the countless worlds above his head flew out, merging into the three universes.

The three universes trembled violently, and completely merged together, forming an unknown universe. This universe had already completely surpassed the limitless, boundless universe. This kind of universe was already unknown as to what to call it.

The instant this universe was completely upgraded, everyone received a baptism, and their strength increased greatly. At this time, Chen Qi's strength increased even faster. His lifespan began to skyrocket! From 300 billion to 400 billion, to 500 billion, 600 billion, 700 billion, 800 billion, 900 billion. Only then did it slowly stop.

In other words, Chen Qi's strength had completely surpassed Qin Guang's. Qin Guang had gone through so many changes to achieve a lifespan of four to five hundred billion years, but now, Chen Qi's lifespan was actually twice as long as his. In this transformation, Chen Qi had gained the most.

However, when the three universes gathered together, they merged into an inconceivable universe. At the moment this universe was formed, Chen Qi threw many of his worlds into it, allowing him to obtain the greatest power. It was only natural for him to be able to complete it.