Chapter 540
===========

Outside the borders, in the fief of First Prince Gu Hengsha, Gu Tanjian was the absolute master. Ever since Gu Hengsha was reprimanded by Heavenly Talisman Emperor and went into seclusion to reflect on his mistakes, he had gone into seclusion. Now, all the matters in Prince Heng's residence were handled by Gu Tanjian.

In this fief, there were armors and formations everywhere. Merchants came and went, and many specialties of the Wilderness were made into goods. It was a prosperous place, which showed how capable Gu Tanjian was. However, the situation was much worse than a few years ago.

In the past few years, there was an endless stream of carriages and horses in Gu Zingjian's fief. Even the officials and scholars who came to visit were endless. At that time, Gu Tanjian was at the peak of his power.

But now, after the rise of the Celestial Pacification Bureau, the business of Gu Tanjian's National Fortune Party was snatched away. Even the newspaper sales were low. Many scholars wanted to study at the Common People's Wish Academy. Some scholars couldn't enter the academy, so they settled for the next best thing and joined the Human Dragon League.

In addition, the Celestial Pacification Bureau supported the Human Dragon League. They spread the news that Crown Prince Gu Xuansha, the head of the National Fortune Party, Gu Tanjian, and the treacherous concubine Wu Dangkong were in cahoots to ruin the country. At this time, Gu Tanjian's reputation was also bad. Of course, he wasn't as bad as Wu Dangkong. But if this continued, he would fall into depravity in the long run.

"Brother Dang Xing, I heard something big happened in the Wu Clan." In the guest hall of Prince Heng's residence, Gu Tanjian was discussing with someone. This person was' Wudang Xing '. Of course, it was the 'Wudang Xing' that Gu Chensha had transformed into.

He had an agreement with Gu Tanjian to obtain the fragment of the Map of Stars and the Thousand Eyed Demon Sword from Gu Tanjian. There were still many things to be done, so he had to feign civility.

"It's not a big deal. It's just a change in the control of the Martial Saint's Abode. King Wu Yu and the other eight old fellows only control one-third of the Abode, while Martial Emperor and Wu Dangkong each control one-third of the Abode."

Gu Chensha didn't hide anything from Gu Tanjian and told him everything. "I didn't get any benefits from this change. I'm really angry." "I don't think so?"

Gu Tanjian said with a playful smile, "I heard that the Martial Saint's Paradise lost all of its treasures, pills, and primordial treasures. There are a few famous artifacts in the Martial Saint's Paradise, such as the Innate Treasure Basin, the Black Tortoise Nine Palaces Shell, the Myriad Immortals World Opening Flag, and the Great Immortal Slaughtering Spear. I want all four of these treasures. " "Alliance Master is truly amazing."

Gu Chensha was silently astonished. The four most valuable artifacts that he obtained from the Martial Saint's Paradise were actually known by Gu Tanjian. It could be seen that Gu Tanjian had already planted people in the Wu Clan and was extremely familiar with the Wu Clan's information and various treasures.

"Brother Dang Xing, you've played a huge gamble this time. You obtained so many treasures from the Wu Clan. However, I'm afraid you won't be able to return to the Wu Clan anymore."

Gu Tanjian said, "Of course, you don't have to return to the Wu Clan. Anyway, you have already obtained plenty of benefits from the Wu Clan. Moreover, you have the Immortal Master's support. Be it Wu Dangkong or the Martial Emperor, they won't be able to do anything to you."

"I still have the Alliance Master's support." Gu Chensha said, "The Alliance Master has bestowed me with many treasures. I have engraved it in my heart." "Is that so?"

Gu Danjian didn't believe Wudang Xing's bullsh * t at all. But in his opinion, Wudang Xing still had a lot of value. "Then we can proceed with the deal between us. Help me introduce me to the Immortal Master."

"No problem." Gu Chensha immediately agreed. "When does the Alliance Master wish to meet the Immortal Master?"

"The Immortal Master resides in the Devil Region. Does that mean I have to head to the Devil Region?" Gu Tanjian didn't expect that 'Wu Dang Xing' would agree so quickly and had some hesitation in his heart.

"In any case, the Alliance Master can head to the Devil Region whenever he wishes. With the identity of the Immortal Master, it is impossible for him to take the initiative." Gu Chensha was an expert in playing with people's minds.

"I still have to consider this matter properly." Gu Tanjian thought for a moment and said, "Speaking of which, the Wu Clan is now in disarray. What are your thoughts?"

"Although the Wu Clan has lost their treasures, they now have two powerful helpers, Wu Dangkong and the Martial Emperor. In the future, when they build the Martial Saint's Cave Heaven together, they will definitely be able to restore the Cave Heaven and even improve further." Gu Chensha said insincerely.

"These words are false. What kind of person is the Martial Emperor?

He can't tolerate any existence that goes against him. It is also impossible for him to compromise with others. Wu Dangkong, King Wu Yu, and the others will either submit to him or die. The Martial Emperor will definitely not painstakingly build the Cave Heaven and share it with others. "

Gu Tanjian laughed loudly. "Haven't you heard the story of one monk carrying water to eat, two monks carrying water to eat, and three monks with no water to eat?"

"The Alliance Master is right. King Wu Yu and the others, the Martial Emperor, and Wu Dangkong, aren't they just three monks with no water to eat?

I think the Martial Emperor must have used the one-third of the control rights to extract the power of the Martial Saint's Cave Heaven and build his own small world. "Actually, Gu Chensha already knew this would happen.

With the Martial Emperor's personality, it was impossible for him to manage the Martial Saint's Cave Heaven and share it with Wu Dangkong and King Wu Yu. Gu Chensha could almost see the day when the Martial Saint's Cave Heaven was torn apart.

"It's a pity for the Wu Clan."

Gu Tanjian said, "They are an aristocratic family with thousands of years of history, second only to the Legalism School. They are now in danger. Speaking of which, Brother Dang Xing, you are really amazing. With just a few words, you caused the Wu Clan to fall apart and obtained all the Wu Clan's treasures. However, you are also a member of the Wu Clan. I'm afraid you will be cursed by the Martial Saint's Heroic Spirit in the future for doing this."

"This matter has nothing to do with me. It is the Martial Emperor and Wu Dangkong who are fighting each other. It is not uncommon for the great clans to weaken due to internal conflicts. How can you blame it on me?

Moreover, the Martial Saint has already mediated this matter. The Wu Clan is divided into three, but they are still fighting each other. It is the Martial Saint's fault for not making arrangements. "

Gu Chensha said, "However, the Wu Clan's Martial Saint's Cave Heaven is extremely valuable. After all, it has been accumulated for seven to eight thousand years. If the Alliance Master can obtain it …"

"What do you have in mind?" Gu Tanjian naturally coveted the Martial Saint's Cave Heaven. After all, it was a small chiliocosm.

Although he had obtained many treasures from The Great Spirit God, a small chiliocosm was the foundation of establishing a religion. It was something that only the Ancient 72 Mystical Gates had. Many Deity Rank experts had gathered together and operated for thousands of years. Only by combining the microscopic worlds could it become a small chiliocosm. Even the Great Spirit God was probably operating it bitterly. He might have cultivated a small chiliocosm into a medium-sized world, or he might have cultivated a medium-sized world and was accumulating power.

All in all, a small chiliocosm was so precious that even the three Heavenly Venerables couldn't casually arrange and give it away.

Thinking about it, after the Immortal Tranquility Department obtained the Heavenly Demon Book, they fused the Buzhou Palace, the Dragon Gate, the Central Yin Yang Virtuous Flag, the Myriad Demon Human Transformation Painting, the Minor Thunderclap Temple, the Minor Muni Buddhist Pagoda, the Three Realms Seal, the Heaven Cornucopia, the Black Tortoise Nine Palaces Shell, the Myriad Immortals World Opening Flag, the Great Immortal Slaying Spear, and many other primordial treasures and artifacts.

"If Wu Dangkong wants to defeat the Martial Emperor, we can have a share of the loot. It is impossible for the Martial Emperor to cooperate with us. He won't give us any benefits," Gu Chensha said, "With the identity of the Alliance Master, we can still reach an agreement with Wu Dangkong." "You will operate this matter?" At this time, Gu Tanjian was very wary of "Wudang Xing". Naturally, he wouldn't agree to it easily.

Wudang Xing's methods were too powerful. It was all thanks to him that the Wu Clan was in its current state. Gu Tanjian saw everything. Of course, he didn't suspect that this Wudang Xing was fake. He just felt that the Immortal Master was behind him.

"I will handle this matter for the Alliance Master," Gu Chensha was thinking of an idea to get the Qi of the Holy Dragon from Gu Tanjian.

At present, the few big shots of the Calming Immortal Department had all become Innate Saints. Zhuge Ya, himself, Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, four of them had the aptitude to become Innate Saints. Jin Suibo's Five Star Profound Meaning had been fused by his Heavenly Dao Law. He was only one star away from becoming an Innate Saint. If he could obtain a trace of the Qi of the Holy Dragon, he could make up for this shortcoming and become an Innate Saint.

As for the others, such as Long Zaifei, Lou Huaiyue, his foster son, Liu Yu and the others, Long Yuyun, and Yu Han Lu, they trained hard in the Cultivating Dragon Heart Technique and Creating Dragon Heart Technique. Those who weren't peerless geniuses could become peerless geniuses. Those who were peerless geniuses in the past could consolidate their foundation and make their aptitude more solid. This way, they could all reach the current level of Jin Suibo. As long as they obtained a trace of the Qi of the Holy Dragon, they could also become Innate Saints.

Of course, his foster son, Long Yuyun, and Yu Han Lu were not as good as Long Zaifei, Lou Huaiyue, and Liu Yu. If they wanted to advance, they needed a lot more Qi of the Holy Dragon than Long Zaifei and the others.

Therefore, Gu Chensha was very concerned about obtaining the Qi of the Holy Dragon. Originally, the fact that the big shots of the Calming Immortal Department had become Innate Saints had already shocked the world. If the original backbone of the Calming Immortal Department could all be promoted to Innate Saints, then there would be no one who could stop the existence of the Calming Immortal Department. He also thought of a plan. He had to make Gu Tanjian take out the Qi of the Holy Dragon. However, at this time, Gu Tanjian's body shone with light. It seemed that he had received some news.

He pondered for a while and suddenly smiled. "I didn't expect that I would receive news just because I wanted to see the Immortal Master. Wudang Xing, don't be so busy. There is a good thing that I need you to participate in." "What is it?" Gu Chensha felt that something unexpected had happened.

"You still remember my cousin, Gu Changjian. He is the kid who was accepted as a disciple by the Dharma Saint. He actually came to discuss something important with me," Gu Tanjian said.

"I'd like to hear the details." Gu Chensha didn't say anything else.

"Wait for a while. This kid will come to see me soon."

Gu Tanjian waved his hand. After waiting for half an hour, another person suddenly appeared in the hall. It was Gu Changjian.

The Dharma Saint had changed Gu Changjian into a barbarian's body. Of course, he could also change back.

"Cousin, you are really doing well now. You have directly obtained the favor of the three major powers. I am very envious of you, "Gu Tanjian said with a smile.