Chapter 450
===========

"Transform into flesh and blood!"

Holding the golden snake in his hand, Gu Chensha once again injected his Heavenly Dao Art quality Dharmic powers into it, hoping to turn the golden snake into a body of flesh and blood. But it was useless. The profound structure of the flesh and blood body was far superior to that of gold. Gu Chensha's cultivation wasn't enough to turn it into a human.

This also meant that he could turn his body of flesh and blood into gold, but he could not turn gold into flesh and blood. To the creatures created by the Heavenly Dao, the level of flesh and blood was much higher than gold.

Of course, this was because his realm wasn't high enough. He was only at the 20th transformation of the Dao Realm, Gathering and Dispersing. If he improved further and reached the 21st transformation of the Five Elements, then the 22nd transformation of the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth, it wouldn't be difficult for him to turn a rock into an animal.

He didn't face any obstacles in breaking through to the 21st and 22nd transformation, but he didn't want to advance so quickly. He had to stabilize his foundations and familiarize himself with the Heaven Dao Technique. At this moment, he had entered an unprecedented realm. No one had ever cultivated the Heaven Dao Technique. Even the memories of the Ancient Monster Race Saints, Lord of Seven Stars Zhuge Ya's memories, Xing Qiongshi's experience, Grand Tutor Wen Hong, Chang Weiyang, Tai Xuandu, and even Dou Nineteen's memories and the secrets of the three Celestial Venerables didn't tell him how to cultivate the Heaven Dao Technique in the future. At most, it would be of the True Dragon Technique quality.

Since he had stepped into this realm, there was no predecessor's experience for him to learn from. Gu Chensha could only advance step by step and plan carefully. He could not afford to make any mistakes. Otherwise, if he took the wrong path, all his previous efforts would be wasted.

Cultivating the Heaven Dao Technique didn't mean that he could do whatever he wanted. Instead, he had to be more careful in this unknown realm.

After Gu Chensha extracted Dou Nineteen's memories, he didn't kill him. He left him for Zhuge Ya to deal with. Although this was Dou Nineteen's true body, he still had an incarnation outside. If he killed the true body, the incarnation would mess around and cause problems. Moreover, Dou Nineteen was a good chess piece and it would be a waste to kill him just like that. As for how to deal with Dou Nineteen, Zhuge Ya was more experienced than Gu Chensha.

It was better for Gu Chensha to focus on building the academy, educating talents, and pushing the world forward.

"Common People Commander!"

With a call, a common people's general appeared from the gourd. He was no longer a three-faced man with a three-pointed, double-edged blade and a vertical eye at the center of his brows. Instead, he was dressed in Confucian robes and had a carefree temperament, like a strategist and a great Confucian scholar. As he cupped his hands, he said, "Your Highness, this subordinate greets you."

As this General of Common People spoke, he was full of intelligence. One could not tell that he was a puppet at all. He was like a knowledgeable supreme elder from a large aristocratic family.

"Very good."

Gu Chensha praised in his heart. Just a common people's general, true dragon technique quality, Dao Realm 22 Transformations Law Phenomenon, was much stronger than Jing Fanxing back then. Even if Gu Huo fought him one on one, without using any magical treasures, he would definitely lose. He had 360 Common People's Generals. This strength was indeed impressive. Even the Celestial Path Sect Leader would drool.

Dou Nineteen truly lived up to his reputation as the Treasure Boy. He had put in a lot of effort, invited many Deity level experts, including his father Victorious Celestial, and stirred up a storm in the immortal dao. It took him hundreds of years to finally cultivate the Sovereign Weapon and the Sovereign Gourd.

"Investigate the mountains, rivers, and veins of the earth. Build a school," Gu Chensha instructed.

"Yes!" Sou! The common people's general flew out and started to look around.

Gu Chensha also spread his thoughts out. In an instant, it covered hundreds of thousands of miles of land. In his heart, he drew out the image of the city, how to build it in the future, how to form a perfect formation, and also how to plan for the next few hundred years after the population exploded.

With a radius of hundreds of thousands of miles, it was comparable to a large province in the Imperial Dynasty. It could accommodate hundreds of millions of people and it was self-sufficient.

If hundreds of millions of people united and learned the Dragon-Nourishing Cultivation Art, then in a few decades, or perhaps even a century, the sphere would be comparable to the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. As Gu Chensha pondered how to build the school and set up the formation … Within the sphere, Zhuge Ya and Dou Nineteen conversed.

He released all of Dou Nineteen's restrictions. In any case, Dou Nineteen wouldn't be able to escape from the sphere. Furthermore, he'd already obtained all of Dou Nineteen's memories and knew all of his secrets.

The three Celestial Sovereigns were in the middle of something important and couldn't spare any attention. However, they could succeed at any moment, and there wasn't much time left.

"Young Master Dou, don't panic. As long as you cooperate with me, I promise I won't hurt you."

Zhuge Ya waved his hand, and the branches of the Celestial Demon Tree drooped down. Sweet dew seeped out and poured into the two tea sets in front of him. "This is Astral Spiral Dew. It's of the highest quality. Have a taste." "Lord of Seven Stars, what the hell are you up to?"

Dou Nineteen recovered and looked greedily at the Celestial Demon Tree. He knew how difficult it was to refine. He'd lost the Emperor's Heavenly Armament, the Imperial Dao Gourd, and many other trump cards. But if he could get his hands on this Celestial Demon Tree, he'd be able to make up for everything he'd lost. He'd even make a profit dozens of times over. "Even if you kill my body, you won't be able to do anything to me."

"That's not necessarily true. There are many curse arts that can be used to curse the true body through clones. That's not to mention that your true body is already in our hands."

Zhuge Ya extended his hand. "Drink. Don't tell me you don't even dare to drink a cup of tea from the Celestial Calmness Department?" "Let's see what tricks you have up your sleeve."

Dou Nineteen drained the Astral Spiral Dew. "Not bad. It's good tea. I didn't think a tiny Celestial Calmness Department like me would be able to enjoy as much tea as a deity. This dew is refined from chaos origin power, and when you add in the power of the stars, it's almost as good as heavenly dew."

"It's nothing more than a cheap trick." Zhuge Ya waved his hand. "Compared to the three Celestial Sovereigns, it's nothing." "If you know how powerful the three Celestial Sovereigns are, how dare you act so presumptuously?

Lord of Seven Stars, do you know that ten thousand years ago, Jiang Gongwang died because he challenged the authority of the three Celestial Sovereigns? It's not too late for you to repent. "

Dou Nineteen said, "If you join our faction and act according to the wishes of the three Celestial Sovereigns, you'll definitely have a chance to live forever. Otherwise, even you won't have any tribulations, and your lifespan will only be a few thousand years.

Furthermore, the Lord of Seven Stars' lifespan is even shorter than some cultivators. Sooner or later, you'll be summoned by the seven stars and return to your true body. From a certain perspective, you're nothing more than a puppet. " "Well said."

Zhuge Ya laughed. "You've spoken my mind. However, if I want to break free from the shackles of a puppet, I'll need to rely on a powerful existence. As far as I'm concerned, the three Celestial Sovereigns aren't strong enough." Hearing Zhuge Ya's blatant words, Dou Nineteen couldn't help but fly into a rage out of humiliation. He knew that Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman was far stronger than the three Celestial Sovereigns.

"Gu Taxian was abandoned by the Heavenly Dao and hasn't appeared in public for many years. He hasn't attended court. It's hard to say if he's still alive," Dou Nineteen cursed.

"The three Celestial Sovereigns are doing something big, and so is His Majesty. However, I don't think I need to tell you who's doing something big and who's doing something small," said Zhuge Ya.

"Zhuge Ya, let's not talk about empty words. Let's talk about the conditions. What do you want in exchange for releasing my true body?"

In front of Zhuge Ya, all schemes and plots seemed childish and laughable. Dou Nineteen was keenly aware that if he tried to compete with Zhuge Ya in scheming, he would be the one to lose.

"What do I want from you? I just want to cooperate with you. "

Zhuge Ya slowly sipped his tea. "I think your strength will stop here. It'll be very difficult for you to improve any further. Moreover, although you are the son of Victorious Battle Celestial, there are still many brothers ahead of you. If you don't receive enough attention, you might be treated as a sacrificial pawn.

Why don't you cooperate with us? I can guarantee that your future achievements won't stop here. Moreover, as a wise person, shouldn't you bet on both sides? " "Why bet on both sides?" Dou Nineteen asked. "Don't tell me you want me to rely on Gu Taxian?" "Why not?"

Zhuge Ya sneered. "Or do you really think that His Majesty doesn't have the ability to kill the three Celestial Sovereigns before he dies, Dou Nineteen? Once the three Celestial Sovereigns are killed, where will you go?

Actually, I've already seen that the three Celestial Sovereigns know that His Majesty has the ability to kill them. That's why they placed their hopes on the Primordial Mist Tree and obtained the ability to regenerate. If you bet on both sides, wouldn't your chances of survival increase greatly?

This isn't some sinister plot, but an overt plot. I think you've been brainwashed. Do you really think that the three Celestial Sovereigns are invincible? " "How do we cooperate?" Dou Nineteen had some thoughts.

"You're in my hands now. If you want to cooperate, you have to show some sincerity."

Zhuge Ya carefully observed Dou Nineteen's body. "How about this? You help me get the Azure Dragon egg and the White Tiger egg. I'll gather the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise, the four Holy Beasts. These four Holy Beasts will grow together with the Heavenly Demon Tree. Only the Vermilion Bird and Black Tortoise are slightly lacking. I believe that Heavenly Venerate Dou Sheng has the White Tiger egg, and the Azure Dragon egg is in the Black Heaven Earth Gate. With your status, it won't be difficult for you to obtain one.

Of course, you'll also benefit. After gathering the four Holy Beasts and condensing the Heavenly Demon Tree, I'll forge a body for you. I'll let His Highness use the Heavenly Law Technique to refine magic power for you, allowing you to cultivate 10,000 Techniques Return to One. I believe that even your father doesn't have the Heavenly Law Technique's quality. "

"Heavenly Law Technique's quality …" Thinking of Gu Chensha's methods, Dou Nineteen couldn't help but shiver.

Of course, if he summoned his clones and took out his other trump cards, he could fight against Gu Chensha for a while. However, if Gu Chensha increased his cultivation realm, he wouldn't be a match for him.