Chapter 889
===========

One second ★ small △ say § net.. org], wonderful pop-up window free reading! Chapter 886 The Endless Dragon The hearts of the people of the world had indeed changed.

The originally well-behaved people, because they had obtained more power, greatly inflated the depths of their hearts. Before their horizons were broadened, they felt that the imperial court, Gu Chensha, and the dragon-less cabinet did not give them much.

However, it was impossible for the imperial court to disseminate all cultivation techniques and techniques to the world. If that was the case, the chaos in the world would increase by a billion times.

This was because the World's Heart had not yet reached the level where it could grasp an extremely strong power.

Everyone grasped great power, but they did not have the corresponding state of mind, which would bring disaster to the world.

In Gu Chensha's opinion, the people of the world were far from being able to truly grasp power. Giving them the strongest power was equivalent to giving a child a destructive killing machine. Throwing it out at the drop of a hat would cause disasters everywhere.

"Governing the world is so difficult."

Gu Chensha sighed in his heart, 'No wonder even the Heavenly Dao can't do anything to the human heart. I control the Qiankun divine continent. If I'm not careful, I'll be devoured by the human heart of the divine continent and Qiankun sooner or later.'

Walking on the Great Stone Wall, Gu Chensha found that most of the people here were cultivators seeking a breakthrough.

The Great Stone Great Wall gathered the veins of the Divine Prefecture. In an era without the supervision of the Heavenly Dao, the Great Wall was also evolving on its own. It cultivated an invincible power and possessed its own spirituality. In the end, it became an existence even stronger than the Dragon Gate of the Primitive Universe, the Primordial Mist Tree, and the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. The Great Stone Wall had gradually revealed its invincibility.

Gu Chensha also knew about this. The reason why he came to Xian Province and the Great Stone Wall was actually to set up a big picture.

In the blink of an eye, his Divine Sense was able to penetrate every nook and cranny of the Great Stone Wall. The Great Stone Wall was hundreds of thousands of miles long, separating China from the Wilderness.

There were currently billions of people living on the Great Wall. There was no mistaking the fact that they were living here. They were renting houses, setting up tents, and seeking enlightenment. This place became a place of enlightenment.

"Hmm? The reincarnation of Infinity Treasure? "

As Gu Chensha's divine will permeated the place, he sensed some unusual auras. He had already obtained the 12 Inexhaustible Treasures of the Three Ministers, Eight Marquises, and Fang Lin, as well as the 7 Inexhaustible Treasures of the Great Burning Heavenly King, Fa Wuxian's Inexhaustible Umbrella, Wen Hong's Inexhaustible Cauldron, Xuan Xin's Inexhaustible Heart, Gao Yuanxin's Inexhaustible Eye, and Zhang Ziran's Inexhaustible Flame.

Adding them up, he now had a total of 24 Endless Treasures, and there were still 12 Endless Treasures wandering outside.

Apart from Jing Qiu's Inexhaustible River, Gu Tanjian, and Gu Changjian's Inexhaustible Sword and Inexhaustible Blade, there were still nine Endless Treasures that Gu Chensha had been wanting to collect.

In fact, every time he collected an Endless Treasure, it was equivalent to grasping a part of the Heaven Realm's secrets and abilities. Sooner or later, the Heaven Realm would be under his control. Now, Gu Tiansha and Gu Xuansha were plotting against the sun and moon, and even the entire Heaven Realm. However, in Gu Chensha's view, these two people were doing everything for him.

Let them pose a threat to the Heaven Realm's will, let the prehistoric civilization's system and the Heaven Realm's will fight to the death. Then, Gu Chensha could truly collect the 36 Endless Treasures, open the door to the Heaven Realm, and refine the throne of the Emperor Heaven. He could truly rule over everything and follow his heart. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha's body appeared on the other side of the Great Stone Wall, and he still saw tourists and cultivators everywhere. A few cultivators gathered together and communicated secretly with their divine thoughts.

The aura of the Endless Treasure came from one of the cultivators. This fluctuation was very obscure. If Gu Chensha had not obtained the Endless Heart and cultivated to an Invincible Realm, he would not have been able to sense it.

The person with the aura of the Endless Treasure was a very young man, about 15 years old, exactly the same age as Gu Chensha when he started out.

Moreover, this young man had red lips, white teeth, muscular arms, and a thin waist. He was handsome, confident, graceful, and had an outstanding temperament. With a single glance, one could tell that he was a young hero. The people gathered around him were not ordinary people either, but they all obeyed his orders. From the looks of it, this young man was the backbone, just like how Gu Chensha gathered many experts to establish the Calming Immortal Department back then.

This young man's cultivation was extremely profound. When Gu Chensha looked over, he found that the power in his body was surging like a tide, like a dragon or a sea. The Endless Treasure in his body vaguely turned into the shape of a dragon, rising, changing, and stretching.

"The Endless Dragon?"

Gu Chensha nodded. The Endless Treasure in this young man's body was very powerful. It was called the Endless Dragon, and it was ranked fourth among the Endless Thirty-Six Treasures, second only to the Endless Cauldron.

Moreover, this treasure, the Endless Dragon, and the Endless Cauldron worked together. Once the dragon entered the cauldron, it could truly control the world and achieve an Invincible Realm. Its status was even higher than Gu Tianzi's, and it would be the true Lord of the Human World.

The Human World was the future human world. It was extremely vast, and it was also the object of Heaven's care. But now that Gu Chensha had appeared out of nowhere and even suppressed the Emperor Of Heaven, whether or not the Human World could be formed in the future was unknown.

"Let's see what this young man is trying to do. I sensed an unusual aura from his body.

He seems to have an extremely powerful fate and luck. Some of the previous Endless Treasures' reincarnations can't compare to him at all. "Gu Chensha observed in secret and didn't make a move. He wanted to see what mysteries this young man had.

The Heavenly Dao had now lost control of the Human World, and all kinds of people with fate and luck were emerging one after another. In the past, the Emperor's fate was already the best in the world, but now, there were more people with such fate, and there were even stronger ones.

When Gu Chensha saw this young man, he could sense from his fate. If this young man was in the past, his fate would have far surpassed Gu Tianzi's. Even the Emperor's fate was not as good as this young man. It seemed that besides the Endless Dragon, this young man had other secrets.

Gu Chensha had seen such a young man before, and that was Zhang Ziran. He contributed his Endless Flame to show his sincerity to the Imperial Court, but Gu Chensha could sense that Zhang Ziran wasn't so simple. However, Zhang Ziran had been working hard for the Imperial Court and hadn't made any mistakes or complaints. He had also contributed a lot to the sacrificial power. This was why Gu Chensha was able to make use of him.

"Long Xiangtian, your cultivation has actually improved so quickly. In the short three days we have been here, you have broken through many realms. You have gone from Dao Realm 17 Transformation Dao Splitting Soul to 27 Transformation Two World Seamless. In three days, you have broken through 10 realms. This is basically a miracle that has never happened in history. Even the top person in the world, the head of the Imperial Court's Dragonless Cabinet, Gu Chensha, isn't as fast as you.

Moreover, with your current 27 Transformation Realm, you can kill God Realm experts and even fight with Saints. In the future, you will definitely achieve great things. "

There were men and women in this small group, and they were all filled with energy. With Long Xiangtian, who had the Endless Dragon, as the leader, the fate gathered by this small group was really overpowered. They could pretty much make their dreams come true and do whatever they wanted.

"This small group's fate is really overpowered. In the future, they will be able to do great things."

Gu Chensha frowned and continued to monitor them. The people in this small group were all cultivating and they were using a hidden Spiritual Sense to communicate with one another.

"It won't be a problem for me to reach God Realm in one go."

Long Xiangtian's divine will stirred in a cryptic manner. "Furthermore, I've come to understand the wondrous effects of the Great Wall. The Great Wall itself is a dragon of the divine continent. It coils around the divine continent and suppresses it. Over time, it has produced a wondrous effect.

Especially recently, countless cultivators and experts have come here to comprehend their cultivation realms. The will and psyche of these people are wholeheartedly focused on comprehending the dao, producing the purest true intent of dao enlightenment. This true intent is purer and more tyrannical than any sacrificial power. What I need to do now is to use my Boundless Dragon as a primer to permeate the Great Stone Wall, then completely refine it, turning it into my lifebound treasure. That way, I can comprehend the secrets of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, as well as the spirit of dao enlightenment of all living beings. As long as I take the Great Stone Wall, my cultivation base will immediately reach grand completion, and I'll be able to get a share of the spoils from Yongchao. " "What?

You can even refine this Giant Stone Wall? This Giant Stone Wall is so majestic and majestic that it has weathered so many natural disasters. There was even a time when it transformed into a Giant Stone Dragon that helped Yongchō fend off a calamity. In the eyes of many cultivators, this Giant Stone Wall is a supreme treasure. " "That's right."

Long Xiangtian's divine will flickered as he continued, "This Giant Stone Wall has already surpassed the Desolate Dragon Gate, the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, and the Grandmist Tree. What's even more amazing is that as the mysteries of this Giant Stone Wall continue to manifest, countless experts have come here to comprehend the dao. Their Dao Comprehension Spirit will permeate into the Giant Stone Wall, causing it to grow stronger and stronger, eventually transforming into something that transcends the limits and limits. My current cultivation method is to plant my own will within the Giant Stone Wall, gradually gaining control over the Great Stone Wall, allowing it to absorb the Dao Comprehension Spirit of all living beings in the world. In the future, everyone would think that the Imperial Court has obtained the sacrificial power of all living beings in the world, but they would never know that I have already taken over the Dragonless Cabinet, feasting on the most delicious meat. The Dragonless Cabinet, the Imperial Court, and that so-called invincible Gu Chensha are merely eating my leftovers." "With such a plan, can we really succeed? No one knows who will emerge victorious in the future. "Another youth spoke.