Chapter 795
===========

"Now that I've become a Saint, I've gained a lot. I've acquired the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra, but it still needs to be perfected and fused into the Human-Dragon Fist. Then, I can perform divination with the Martial Sage, and all of the higher-ups of the Celestial Tranquility Department will work together to create a martial art that can be passed down for all eternity.

"That's right."

Gu Chensha said, "This has to be done quickly. Once this martial art is comprehended, we can first spread it within the Calming Immortal Department and choose loyal and ambitious people to impart it to. Then, our sacrifices and destiny will increase greatly. This will give me more power to subdue the Primordial Meng Tree, break the alliance of the three Celestial Venerables, and save Chang Weiyang."

Gu Chensha hadn't forgotten his original goal. The reason he had gone to the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate was to kill the Great Spirit God. At the same time, he could use the sinful energy within the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate to temper himself and become a Saint. Only then would he have the confidence to save Chang Weiyang.

That was because the three celestials, the Dharma Saint, Patriarch Heaven and Earth, Xuan Xin, Wu Dangkong, the Immortal Lord, and Wan Senshi had formed an enormous alliance. The alliance was so stable that not even the current Gu Chensha was confident in being able to defeat it. After all, each of the old-timers had their own trump cards.

Of course, if Gu Chensha were to pass on the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra, everyone would become a Saint, and their latent talent would increase. Sacrifices would sweep through the world like a cosmic tide, and his strength would increase far more than the alliance. Operations were fundamental.

Under Gu Chensha's summons, Lou Baiyue, the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, the Longevity God, and even the Marquis of Mortal Life, the King of Mortal Life, the God of Five Seasons, Liu Yu, Jin Suibo, Long Zaifei, the Four Divine Beasts, The Fourth, Yuhuan Lu, Yu Hanlu, Long Yuyun, Ling Shaofei, Chang Yuzhou, Yi Ming, Yi Zheng, and the rest of the older generation were all gathered here.

Some of them followed Gu Chensha from the start. For example, the eunuch's godson was already a top talent. He had made up for the flaws in his body and reached the 20th transformation of Dao Realm, Gather and Scatter Impermanence.

But because the Blessing of the Holy Dragon was not enough, the little godson did not become a Saint. Now that the time was right, Gu Chensha was ready to create this child. He had followed him for so long, so he had to become a Saint and then reach the God Realm.

With so many talents in front of him, Gu Chensha was filled with emotions. He thought back to how he had come to Xian Zhou alone, gathering subordinates and building a foundation. Back then, it was tough for him to move forward. Who would have thought that he would be able to truly rule over the God Continent and even compete with the Heaven Dao? Even one of the three God Artifacts, the Primordial Dragon Sect, had to retreat?

"I've already figured out the secret of the Untainted Dragon Gate. I'm not in a hurry. I can go and subdue the Sacrificial Decree. You should know that even now, I still have half of the control over the Sacrificial Decree. In the past, my father wrote the words' Man Conquers Heaven 'and suppressed the power of the Heavenly Dao. Now, I've already comprehended the true meaning of' Man Conquers Heaven ', which is to gather the hearts of the people. From the hearts of the people, I can extract the substance that can surpass the Heavenly Dao. This is the basic theory of' Man Conquers Heaven '.

An idea suddenly popped up in Gu Chensha's mind, "With my current strength, I might be able to extract the substance that surpasses the Dao of Heaven from the human heart. If I insert this substance into the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, I will be able to expel Wu Dang Kong's will and the arrangement of the Dao of Heaven. Then, I can control this talisman and refine it into the Divine Prefecture Gourd.

In addition, there are many fundamental secrets in this talisman, which are related to some of the subtle mysteries of the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven. "

In this world, the most powerful magic treasure was the throne of the Celestial Emperor. It was just that no one had ever sat on this throne, and no one had ever sat on it.

In the Heaven Dao, since the creation of the world and the Big Bang of Chaos, no one had the virtue and power to sit on the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven.

Moreover, the relationship between the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven and the Heaven Dao was not that of superior and subordinate, but equal. It could be said that the Emperor Of Heaven was the personified side of the Heaven Dao, the concrete side. The Emperor was the subordinate of the Heaven Dao.

Gu Chensha comprehended the Emperor Investiture Skill, and then combined it with the true meaning of the Infinity Treasure, swallowed the Infinity Umbrella, and obtained many of the deepest secrets. Finally, he knew the secret of the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven.

Therefore, he had to obtain the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven in order to have a chance to defeat the Heaven Dao and build his ideal new world.

To change the fate of heaven, he had to refine and control the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven to be considered successful. Just like in the secular world, to change the fate of heaven, one had to become the emperor himself.

At this time, the upper echelons of the Tranquil Immortal Department were all gathered, including Tai Xuan Du, Ji Qingwu, and the others.

After these people gathered, Gu Chensha waved his hand and sacrificed the secret of the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra. It turned into an article, a diagram, and a mysterious will. It kept spinning, forming a sphere for everyone to see. />

"Everyone, this is the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra that I obtained from the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Universe. According to the theory, as long as ordinary people follow the prescribed order, they will first learn the Dragon Raising Sutra, then the Dragon Making Sutra, and finally the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra. After they reach the Great Perfection, they can turn from fools to natural-born saints. However, theory is different from practice. In practice, if the three major sutras are spread throughout the world, I estimate that one in a hundred million people will have the aptitude to become natural-born saints.

"Moreover, if we publicize it now, it will cause a huge commotion. Therefore, we have to comprehend this sutra again and create it again, turning it into our Dao of the Dragon. Everyone, transfer your wisdom into this ball of light. Let's start calculating." Gu Chensha first transferred his wisdom into it.

"The Holy Dragon Heart Sutra is indeed a heaven-defying Dao. It seizes good fortune, which is no small matter. Although it can make fools become natural-born saints, because it reverses heaven and fate, they are destined to be surrounded by sin, and the karma will not be shallow. Maybe a Golden Core cultivator can live for thousands of years, but after he cultivates the Dragon Raising, Dragon Making, and Holy Dragon Heart Sutra, he will immediately encounter a tribulation and die.

"Sometimes, defying the heavens and changing fate is very dangerous," Chang Yuzhou said. "This Dao must be taught carefully."

"Indeed, you are a fool to begin with. You have low-grade aptitude. If you want to forcefully become a genius, you will have to take a great risk. It is impossible that you will not have a smooth sailing.

If you want to change fate, you will have to throw caution to the wind and have the courage to perish together with fate, challenging fate. "

The Martial Sage said, "This is something that cannot be criticized. Actually, publicizing the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra now is indeed not a good choice. Instead, it is a bad move. Not to mention the chaos this sutra will cause if it falls into the hands of ambitious people, even if a large number of people obtain it and forcefully cultivate it, they will definitely encounter a series of tribulations and suffer heavy casualties. Therefore, we have to improve it. That is the way of the king. " "Chensha, you should have comprehended the supreme transformation of turning sin into merit, right?

That is why you have the confidence to spread it after improving it. "Lou Baiyue stared at Gu Chensha.

"That's right. The enemy of others is my hero. The sin of the heavens is my merit.

If I spread this Dao and let everyone in the world become a Saint, then they will also have sins. As one of the initiators, my sins are greater than those of the cultivators. What I need to do now is to let the sins of the cultivators be added to me. The karmic retribution of the sins of the world will belong to me.

The greater the sin, the greater my merit, and the greater my strength, "Gu Chensha said." This is what I want. "

"However, I feel that there is a limit to how much sin you can turn into merit. If there is too much and you can't convert it, you might end up making a fool of yourself," the Martial Sage asked.

"Indeed, there will be such trouble."

Gu Chensha nodded. "However, this is also a chance to train me. If there is no pressure, I might not be able to reach the highest realm."

"That makes sense. No matter what, let us start calculating." With a thought, Chang Yuzhou poured his wisdom into it.

"Giants of the ancient Buddhist Sect, pour your wisdom into it as well. Everyone, let us comprehend it together."

At this time, Gu Chensha waved his hand again. Suddenly, a force opened up layers of space and time. That giant Paramita Golden Mountain.

This was a dimensional realm, a pure land of bliss that countless giants of the ancient Buddhist Sect had created together.

In the past, the Paramita Golden Mountain was shrouded in mist. But now, Gu Chensha and everyone in the Celestial Tranquility Department could clearly see that the Paramita Golden Mountain was filled with holy lands. Many giant shadows of Buddhas were faintly discernible. These Buddhas were not alive, but had already fallen. But because the ancient Buddhist Sect was flourishing in the past, they had spread their teachings to countless worlds. Thus, the accumulated power of faith was extremely vast, allowing the dead Buddhas to manifest their spirits.

Later, the power of worship on the Paramita Golden Mountain was almost used up. Finally, they were persuaded by Gu Chensha and formed an alliance with Gu Chensha, allowing them to spread the teachings of the Buddhist Sect throughout the world. This was how they gathered so much faith. Such power of faith allowed the operation of the Paramita Golden Mountain to continue.

Now, with a point of Gu Chensha's finger, the Paramita Golden Mountain once again injected a large amount of power of faith. This power of worship was injected into the Paramita Golden Mountain, and the Buddhas of the Buddhist Sect immediately came to life.

They put their palms together before Gu Chensha and also injected their wisdom into the ball of light.

In an instant, the ball of light seemed like it was about to split open. The light of wisdom and the power of imagination shot out from within. This light could penetrate countless universes.

While he was calculating, Gu Chensha's body also released light. Wherever this light shone, everything would be clear. There was no doubt at all. This was the light of omniscience. The light of omnipotence.

Under his wisdom and leading deduction, the light of the ball of light finally started to settle down, turning into many articles and diagrams. This was the Perfect Human Dragon Dao that he had re-calculated.

"The Human Dragon Fist has finally integrated the Holy Dragon Mantra into it."

Gu Chensha kept these articles and diagrams into the Divine Land Gourd and stood up. "The Human Dragon Fist can now be gradually spread out." ..... appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy)