Chapter 627
===========

Wan Senshi stood high above, and everyone's reaction was clear in his eyes.

"Fa Wuxian, what do you think of my Doomsday Salvation Scripture compared to all of the Dharma Saint's laws?" Wan Senshi asked Fa Wuxian.

"My Lord's scripture is simply a creation of the heavens and earth. It can protect one's self during a great calamity, achieve supreme cultivation, break through the fog, and reach the true heart, peek into the Heavenly Dao, and save the world. With this scripture, there will be no more fog. The mysteries contained in this scripture can even create endless civilizations, and it is the origin of all civilizations in the world.

As long as one can comprehend even a little bit of this scripture, they can create a brand new civilization. Although all of the Dharma Saint's laws are profound and spiritual, they are far from being comparable to this Doomsday Salvation Scripture. "

Fa Wuxian was not trying to flatter Wan Senshi, he was speaking from the bottom of his heart. He was a natural-born saint, so he could naturally see the mysteries in this scripture that others could not.

"You can actually see the origin from it?"

Wan Senshi nodded, "I did not misjudge you, your comprehension is very high. This Doomsday Salvation Scripture is indeed a fusion of the True Scripture of Origin, which was born in the primal chaos before the creation of the world. It contains the origin of many civilizations, and if you can comprehend this truth from it, your cultivation will definitely improve a lot."

"Thank you for your exaggeration, my Lord. I will definitely study this Doomsday Salvation Scripture and spread its glory, so that everyone in the world can read this scripture, and finally, we will be of one heart and one mind, and save the world from the end of the world." Fa Wuxian seemed to have really comprehended many truths.

"This Fa Wuxian was actually brainwashed by Wan Senshi, but it seems like he is just pretending?

Or does he have ulterior motives? "Gu Chensha frowned, once the Doomsday Salvation Scripture was revealed, the world would become complicated from now on.

The Calming Immortal Department had to prevent the people of the world from being poisoned by this scripture.

"Everyone, how do you think we should deal with this woman?" Wan Senshi asked Fa Wuxian.

"This matter naturally depends on my Lord's decision." Fa Wuxian hurriedly said.

"I'm asking you now." Wan Senshi's tone was a little heavy.

Fa Wuxian hastily bowed and said, "Of course I'm going to hold a public hearing. I want all cultivators who have been bullied by the Celestial Calmness Department to come out and hold a public hearing on this woman. Finally, in front of all the cultivators, I'm going to punish her and behead her. I'm going to make her beg for death, but she can't. I'm going to give the Celestial Calmness Department a severe blow to its reputation." "Not bad."

Xiao Xigui nodded. "Those bastards from the Celestial Pacification Division managed to cultivate a dimensional realm by chance, and they've been tormenting the immortal dao everywhere. They've taken control of the universe, thinking that they're the ones who are destined to follow the heavens. Now that His Excellency Wan Senshi has appeared, he's the savior of the world, and he's bringing order out of chaos. He's going to sweep away the evil and teach those bastards from the Celestial Pacification Division a lesson. Those who submit will prosper, and those who oppose will perish."

The Crimson Cloud Mystic Sect couldn't wait to blow up the matter and use Wan Senshi's power to avenge them.

"Since I've tied this woman to this altar, I'm going to show everyone what happens to the Celestial Calmness Department for going against our Alliance of Myriad Immortals. Next, I'm going to tie up more people from the Celestial Calmness Department."

Wan Senshi said, "These juniors are lawless and out of control. They've subverted the structure of the immortal dao, and even destroyed the spirit's orthodoxy. They're a bunch of people who want to destroy the world. What you've said is useless.

I'm going to save the world, so these people who want to destroy the world must be killed. However, this woman is just a small fry, and killing her is useless.

Moreover, killing her like this won't do us much good. I want her to stay here as a sacrifice, and when we hold the ceremony to save the world, we'll kill her as a sacrifice to the Heavens. That's the crux of the problem. " "His Excellency has great foresight."

Fa Wuxian's eyes flickered. "That's right. Anyone from the Celestial Calmness Department is an existence who defies the Heavens and goes against the Dao. That Gu Taxian is the greatest demon who can destroy the world. We must capture him as a sacrifice to appease the Heavenly Dao."

"From now on, every single person from the Celestial Calmness Department must be captured alive. Tie them to this altar, and when I hold the ceremony to save the world, I'll use them as a sacrifice to the Heavenly Dao."

Wan Senshi said, "From now on, in addition to spreading the Doomsday Scripture of World Salvation, you'll also be responsible for capturing the people from the Celestial Calmness Department, from those in charge, such as Gu Chensha, Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, Gu Huasha, and a few others who have reached the level of Innate Saints. Then, there's the small fries in their chamber of commerce. As long as they join the Celestial Calmness Department, capture them all. Remember, they must be captured alive. If they're dead, there's no way to sacrifice them. "

"Lord Wan Senshi, the imperial court is also a heaven-defying existence. Shouldn't we capture the officials of the imperial court as well?" Fan Bai of the Fan Clan asked.

Fan Bai was the number one ancestor of the Fan Clan, and his cultivation was the highest. Originally, he had also tried to force the imperial court to abdicate. Unfortunately, Gu Chensha had forced him to give up the Release Bow and the Permanence and Impermanence Arrows. To the Fan Clan, these were extremely important and unbearable treasures. Therefore, in order to take revenge, Fan Bai had personally pledged his allegiance to Wan Senshi.

No matter what, he had to take back the Fan Clan's supreme treasure. Otherwise, the Fan Clan wouldn't be able to survive.

"The Celestial Calmness Department is now the core of the imperial court."

Wan Senshi waved his hand. "As long as we capture everyone from the Celestial Calmness Department, the imperial court will naturally fall into our hands.

Furthermore, I have an agreement with the Immortal Master that the imperial court won't touch them for the time being, especially the people from the Celestial Designer Institution. They are the Immortal Master's personal property. After I clean up the Celestial Calmness Department, the Immortal Master will take control of the imperial court, and then we'll hold the ceremony together. Of course, things will change in the future, but for now, we'll just follow this path. " "We'll definitely follow Lord Wan Senshi's orders," Fan Bai said.

"Please, Lord, take charge and seek justice for our Fan Clan. As long as we can retrieve our Fan Clan's supreme treasure, the Release Bow and the Permanence and Impermanence Arrows, our Fan Clan will follow your lead." "What a pity."

Wan Senshi also sighed. "The Release Bow and the Permanence and Impermanence Arrows are no ordinary connate spiritual treasures. They contain three profound meanings, and if one can fully comprehend them, one's soul will be able to escape from the sea of bitterness and reach the realm of a supreme Buddha. Now that they've fallen into the hands of that kid Gu Chensha, I think it'll be very difficult to retrieve them. However, after I capture that kid, I'll also offer him as a sacrifice to the heavens. At that time, your Fan Clan's status will definitely be much higher than it is now. The merit of saving the world will not only allow you to become a True God, but your Fan Clan's Brahma Ancestor will also be resurrected. Of course, there are many other benefits, but I won't go into them one by one.

However, the Doomsday Salvation Scripture in your hands is not just a scripture, it can also record your merits. For example, if you capture a member of the Calming Immortal Department, according to that member's aptitude, wisdom, and strength, your merits will be recorded in the scripture. With these merits, you can send your thoughts to the scripture, and you can exchange for what you want. This scripture can communicate with my dimensional realm. " "It's actually that mysterious?"

Fa Wuxian, a man who was inwardly lawless and unruly, now felt that Wan Senshi was simply omnipotent. Let alone being able to see through his depth, he couldn't even imagine how powerful he actually was.

"That's why I called this meeting today. First, to let you know that I've declared war on the Calming Immortal Department, so you don't have to be afraid, just capture their people. Second, you want to spread the Doomsday Salvation Scripture.

Third, the main purpose of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals is to save the world from the doomsday. Therefore, we must unite as one, with one heart and one mind. You don't have to worry about the three Heavenly Venerables, those three little guys won't dare to go against me. "

Wan Senshi said, "I still have something else to do. Regarding the capture of the people from the Calming Immortal Department, you Deity level figures should come up with a plan." With that, Wan Senshi disappeared.

"This group of people is like a plate of loose sand. How can we expect them to wage war against the Calming Immortal Department? What a joke. Is Wan Senshi using these people as the vanguard?

He should have a more powerful plan. The three Heavenly Venerables have been working for so many years, and they have countless disciples, but Wan Senshi is even more ancient than them, and he has countless disciples. Why hasn't he shown up until now? "Gu Chensha was even more puzzled.

At present, some of the experts in the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals were formed by various great clans, as well as the Dao of Immortals and Mystical Sects. Each of them had their own ideas, and they were not united at all. If Wan Senshi did not take charge of this matter, these people would not dare to stand out and confront the Calming Immortal Department.

In Gu Chensha's view, this loose Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals was not even comparable to a small divine province, and Wan Senshi did not seem to have any intention of further integration.

If he were to take control of the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, he would have to carry out a series of integration measures. First, he would completely subdue some Deity level experts and let them do a series of tests. After that, he would break up all the sects, regroup them, train them, and produce them. Only after a long period of integration could these people exert their greatest fighting strength and cohesion.

But now, Wan Senshi had carried out a loose management, and did not use any ruthless measures. This had led to the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals having almost no cohesion. Each of them was plotting against each other, and some even wanted to kill each other and annex each other to enhance their own strength.

For Gu Chensha, it was best to divide, suppress, and use all kinds of means to make this kind of alliance collapse. But now, because Wan Senshi did not show his real means, it made Gu Chensha extremely scrupulous. On the contrary, it made Gu Chensha extremely scrupulous and did not dare to make a move.

"The most urgent thing now is to see when the Dharma Saint will be promoted to a medium-sized world. At that time, there will be many tribulations, and I can take advantage of his tribulations to obtain a series of things.

Also, Zhuge Ya and Tai Xuandu are discussing with Chang Weiyang, hoping that they can use the experience of the Dharma Saint to help Chang Weiyang break through the bottleneck and reach the Realm of Heavenly Lord. "Gu Chensha decided to hold back for the time being and let his subordinates, the Department of Jing Xian and the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, fight against each other. First, he wanted to see how the discussion between Zhuge Ya and Chang Weiyang was going. In the Mysterious Gate of the Universe. At this time, there were five giants. Zhuge Ya, Chang Weiyang, Tai Xuandu, Wen Hong, and Ji Qingwu.