Chapter 268
===========

In the palace of Sky Bearing Pass, Wu Dangkong was cultivating in her own palace.

This time, she went for wool and came home shorn. She was put into a very difficult situation by Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue. Her foundation in the imperial court was already shallow. She was only able to work in the Upper Study Room and lead the group of officials because of the decree of Heavenly Talisman Emperor. After that, she worked together with Gu Tanjian and obtained the support of a group of princes. Only then did she gradually gain a foothold.

Originally, she wanted to use some methods to clip the wings of the Calming Xian Bureau and turn her Scenic Martial Trade Union into the largest trade union.

However, Jing Fanxing and the other two were captured, causing the Calming Xian Bureau to make a big fuss. Even Gu Tanjian had to retreat and didn't dare to make any moves for the time being.

She naturally tried her best to distance herself from Jing Fanxing and ordered the Scenic Martial Trade Union to quickly return the items that they had embezzled from the national treasury.

This way, the Fourth of the Calming Xian Bureau wasn't easy to deal with. He immediately expanded and suppressed the Scenic Martial Trade Union again. Jin Suibo even snatched away most of the Scenic Martial Trade Union's business in the Immortal Dao.

The Fourth's strength was unfathomable and was evaluated by Grand Preceptor Wen Hong as not bad. He was an unparalleled genius who created the Illusory Beyond Heavens Divine Art. How could he be so easy to deal with? Wu Dangkong didn't gain any advantage when she fought with the Fourth in the trade union.

"What a pity."

Wu Dangkong woke up from her meditative state. Thinking about how she was in a disadvantageous position these days, she emitted an ice-cold baleful aura. "The Calming Xian Bureau has great potential. Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue are almost equivalent to Fa Wuxian. Gu Huasha is an unparalleled genius. Long Zaifei, Lou Huaiyue, Liu Yu, Mo Chao, Jia Liang, Qian Zhen, and Zhou Bu are also unparalleled geniuses. Other than them, there's also Jin Suibo. This person is extremely terrifying. In the future, when these people grow up, they will simply be terrifying."

Wu Dangkong calculated. She was quick-witted and had long since investigated the structure of the Tranquil Immortal Department.

Apart from Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and Gu Huasha, the other geniuses were not to be underestimated. All they lacked was time to grow.

The Calming Immortal Department now had scale, resources, and cultivation techniques. Peerless geniuses could cultivate at an incomparably fast pace.

"They have Wen Hong's support behind them, and they even obtained the Skydemon Book.

I'm afraid their strength will increase by a hundred times. "Wu Dang Kong knocked on the table." How can we weaken them? I don't have many talented subordinates.

Jing Fanxing is also a piece of trash. He was blinded by hatred and fell into the barrier of hatred. "

She circulated her divine art, and many flames appeared in front of her. The flames twined around her body, turning into all kinds of birds and fire crows. In the end, they gathered fiercely and actually turned into a head of fire. Phoenix. But fire. The phoenix was still evolving. It was as if he was about to transform into the Vermillion Bird Divine Beast.

While cultivating, her body became smaller and smaller. In the end, she turned into the size of a fist. She wanted to shrink but she couldn't. She had already cultivated to the Size Manipulation Realm, Dao Realm 19 Transformations.

Moreover, she seemed to have grasped a secret technique and her body contained the Vermillion Bird Flame. Phoenix Bloodline. After Size Manipulation, her body was far stronger than the Glass Body. Just as she was cultivating, the space shook and a talisman appeared in front of her.

She sensed an extremely huge aura. Her body shook and she turned back to normal. Then, she saw the talisman in front of her.

This talisman was a green scroll. It wasn't made of metal, silk, or hemp. There were four words on it, like a flying bird.

"Orders from the heavens?"

Wu Dangkong was a talented person and she immediately saw through what the four words on the green scroll were. Peng peng peng! Her heart started to beat intensely.

"Is this the Heaven Sacrifice Decree?"

She couldn't believe her eyes. She reached out and grabbed the scroll. When she felt the coldness, she knew that this talisman was real.

"A talisman that has never appeared in the ancient times actually appeared in front of me?

Am I ordered by the heavens? "Even though Wu Dangkong had a deep cultivation, she couldn't suppress her emotions. After a long while, she calmed herself down and accepted the reality in front of her.

Even with her shrewdness, she couldn't help but give off an even stronger aura, "No wonder, no wonder the Heaven Talisman Emperor summoned me into the palace and asked me to take charge of the study room. Everything was in preparation for this?

He seemed to have predicted that the Heaven Sacrifice Decree would appear and fall into my hands. In that case, I will be in danger? What if he comes out of seclusion and asks for this talisman from me? Wouldn't I be a sheep walking into a tiger's mouth?

"No, I want to strengthen myself. With this talisman, who in the world can be my match? Legend has it that this talisman requires the energy of the emperor to be sacrificed. I can obtain unparalleled power and even the Emperor's God Investiture Art. "

Wu Dangkong held the talisman and seemed to have made up her mind, "Since this is the case, the heavenly talisman is in my hands, then the world is mine. Not only will the world be mine, but the immortals will also be under my control and the gods will also be conferred by me. I am the rightful emperor, the Son of Heaven!" Lang Prefecture.

Located in the east of the divine continent, there were many great scholars in the past dynasties. However, the people here did not seek fame. Instead, a large number of scholars liked to seek immortality and seek the Dao. They lived in seclusion and went deep into the East Barren.

Gu Chensha stood high up in the sky. The astral winds were so cold that even metal and stone would be blown into powder. However, it had no effect on him.

Instead, the dragon gate was constantly absorbing the astral winds of the Nine Heavens and transporting it to the depths of Buzhou Palace to condense into talismans. It was the "Astral Wind Talisman".

The astral winds of the Nine Heavens were extremely fierce and could even disperse primordial spirits. They had great offensive power. Brilliant martial cultivators also collected the astral winds of the Nine Heavens and refined them into talismans. Some stored them into talismans, while others made them into talismans.

Originally, with Gu Chensha's cultivation level, he could not make the astral winds of the Nine Heavens into talismans. However, the dragon gate's power was not to be underestimated. In addition, Buzhou Palace itself was a talisman manufacturing factory. With the two working together, he could absorb the astral winds of the Nine Heavens and make talismans, wind blades, wind arrows, wind dragons, and wind beasts.

Although Gu Chensha did not lack talismans, he had 36 Heaven Mending Divine General puppets that did not have talismans.

If these 36 Heaven Mending Divine Generals all had powerful talismans to protect them, then their power would increase by many folds.

Fortunately, Buzhou Palace was extremely powerful and also had a great talisman manufacturing ability. It could condense the power of the stars and the astral winds of the Nine Heavens, as well as all sorts of energy and vital energy to create talismans.

Gu Chensha absorbed the astral winds and turned them into talismans. Then, he used the talismans to mix with the starlight, and finally, he used the essences of the five metals and jade as a carrier to forge a set of "Heaven Mending Battle Robes".

He had a rich knowledge of refining artifacts. This "Heaven Mending Battle Robes" was a combination of the "Sky Demon Battle Robes" recorded in the Book of Heavenly Demons, the "Myriad Star Battle Robes" of the Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art, the Divine Dragon Armor, the "Son of Heaven Battle Robes" of the Son of Heaven Investiture Art, and even the "Heavenly Cycle Battle Robes" of the Dao of Buzhou.

Of course, if this "Heaven Mending Battle Robes" was made, it might not be comparable to the "Sky Demon Battle Robes" or "Myriad Star Battle Robes", but it was indeed the most suitable battle robe for Heaven Mending Divine Generals.

If this battle robe could be refined, not only could Heaven Mending Divine Generals store astral energy within it, but it could also increase their defense and speed. There were also many killing moves.

In the Buzhou Palace, there was a ball of metallic essence and a ball of jade constantly circulating. Under the activation of the Buzhou Palace, the vast power of the stars turned into astral flames that burned the golden stone.

The golden stone melted and fused together. The astral flames seeped into it, and spiritual qi and immortal qi were extracted by the Buzhou Palace's formations and constantly tempered.

Then, after the golden stone melted, it turned into a ball of air. Finally, it wriggled and took the form of a battle robe armor. The Buzhou Palace condensed starlight and constantly carved many formations on it.

And the 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals constantly used their astral energy to activate the many formations of the Buzhou Palace.

The absorbed astral winds of the Nine Heavens turned into talismans that were also injected into the battle robe armor. Then, more and more talismans appeared, finally turning into a human-shaped whirlwind. This was the Giant Wind Spirit that had gathered.

The Giant Wind Spirit was something that was equivalent to the Great Strength Heavenly Works. It was recorded in the Great Spirit God Technique that when one's cultivation reached a certain level, they could gather astral winds of the Nine Heavens and mix it with spiritual qi to give birth to a spirit, turning it into a Giant Wind Spirit. Then, with the Giant Wind Spirit as the foundation, they could create a Giant Spirit Soldier.

And Gu Chensha used the Buzhou Palace to create the Giant Wind Spirit and fuse it into the Heaven Mending Battle Robe, causing the speed of the battle robe to become extremely fast. This was his train of thought.

However, a set of Heaven Mending Battle Robe was not so easy to refine. It required repeated tempering and extraction.

Even if the Buzhou Palace and the Dragon Gate worked together and the 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals worked together, it would still take several months. Of course, the most important thing was that it required materials, metallic essence and jade.

Right now, Gu Chensha was not mass-producing it because he did not have enough materials. He was trying to make one to see.

He stood in the air and observed the terrain of the entire Lang Province, trying to find the person who had reincarnated from Xing Chen. He continued to calculate, but he didn't manage to come up with any results.

After a long time, he landed and turned into a traveling scholar. He walked around and observed the people. At the same time, he refined the Heaven Mending Technique in his body.

He realized that he walked among the people and interacted with them. He observed their lives and his comprehension of the Heaven Mending Technique improved greatly.

More than half a year passed in the following days. He traveled all over Lang Province, covering various provinces, counties, towns, and villages. He also did some things in secret, such as punishing evil, promoting good, and helping the needy. He also got to know some scholars who were also traveling.

At the same time, he wasn't just sightseeing. He began to make arrangements in Lang Province. Under his secret command, the people of the Celestial Pacification Bureau gradually infiltrated Lang Province. From agriculture, commerce, scholars, and martial arts, he gained full control of Lang Province.

Lang Province was also an important place. It produced many scholars and was very knowledgeable. After all, it was close to the Eastern Barren Land and some aristocratic families had deep connections with the Celestial Dao.

The largest aristocratic family in Lang Province was the Sima Family. Although it was not a Saint Family, it had a foundation of thousands of years. There were many talents in the family and there were even cultivators. However, they kept a low profile. Even among the officials in Lang Province, there were no people from the Sima Family.

This was different from the Wu Family. In Wu Province, many provincial government officials were from the Wu Family. Even the Imperial Court found it hard to restrict the local tyrants.