Chapter 1023
============

Working Like a Horse

Zhao Jiangshan became the first expert to reach the Heavenly Dao Realm. Just as he was about to display his might and snatch Gu Chensha's authority, he was suppressed in front of everyone and even turned into a cow.

"If you want to become the Heavenly Dao Realm, you must be the cow of all living beings."

Gu Chensha looked at Zhao Jiangshan, who was filled with resentment. "You still don't understand this principle, so I turned you into a cow and made you open up the endless void, turning the void into a fertile world that can bear even more living beings. This is the process of training you. During this process, you will understand the true meaning of the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique. Of course, if you are blinded by hatred and resentment, it doesn't matter if you don't understand it. You will forever be your cow.

"Gu Chensha, don't put on an act here. In fact, what you're doing is that those who submit to me will prosper, and those who oppose me will die. I don't believe that you will be able to enjoy the throne forever." Suddenly, the dog that Fa Wuxian had turned into started howling as well. Smack!

The little godson lashed out with a whip, and Fa Wuxian let out a pained cry. His entire body started burning, and the fire seeped into his bones, causing him to roll on the ground.

"Go."

Lou Baiyue pointed again, and the dog that The Great Spirit God had turned into pounced forward. He pressed down the dog that Fa Wuxian had turned into and started doing some unsightly things.

Fa Wuxian had been turned into a female dog, while The Great Spirit God had turned into a male dog. This was the Emperor Of Heaven's idea. He wanted to completely humiliate Fa Wuxian, causing him to lose all his dignity and anger.

The Great Spirit God no longer had any dignity. He was beaten until he begged for mercy in pain every day. It was as if he was suffering from hellish pain at all times.

"Ah …"

Fa Wuxian had almost lost his mind. Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, he had been humiliated like this. It was simply unbearable.

"Gu Chensha, I would rather be destroyed and lose my power forever. I don't want my soul anymore. I want to curse you. I curse you to fall. I will use my eternal life in exchange for the chance to destroy you. Why?!" Endless resentment was brewing inside Fa Wuxian's body. It actually caused an unbelievable change. A sliver of Heavenly Energy was born.

"Wonderful."

Gu Chensha observed the changes. He discovered that Fa Wuxian was incomparably angered and humiliated. Immense resentment was born in the depths of his heart. Such resentment stimulated the spirit force in his heart to its limits and was finally released, transforming it into heavenly dao energy.

Gu Chensha waved his hand, and the power of the Heavenly Dao that was born in Fa Wuxian's body was extracted. It spun in his hand, and after studying it for a moment, the power of the Heavenly Dao transformed into a medallion.

"Not bad, not bad. A token formed from heavenly dao energy is also a treasure. In the future, if anyone has meritorious service, I will turn this heavenly dao energy into a token and give it to him," Gu Chensha said.

"Gu Chensha …" Fa Wuxian seemed to have no strength left. He was filled with deep despair.

Seeing this, Gu Chensha waved his hand and stopped the two dogs from making a fool of themselves. "The Great Spirit God, what do you want to do now?"

"Your Majesty, I am willing to submit. I am willing to do anything. I can continue to humiliate Fa Wuxian on your behalf. I hope to be able to make a name for myself one day. "The Great Spirit God made a fool of himself.

"Very good."

Gu Chensha nodded. "There will be a day for you to make a name for yourself. However, right now, you are just a vile person who is afraid of punishment. In fact, as long as I let you go, your old illness will relapse. Now that you are humiliating Fa Wuxian, I will turn around and let Fa Wuxian take revenge on you. " As he spoke, a universe condensed into a form. Then, he placed Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God into this universe. Immediately, Fa Wuxian began the process of ravaging The Great Spirit God.

Instantly, countless miserable cries rang out in that universe. Many of the ancestors present were trembling with fear. This was clearly killing the chicken to warn the monkeys. He was using the tragic experiences of Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God to warn the people present to do things in peace.

"Everyone, the matter with the Righteous and Demonic Universes has come to an end."

Gu Chensha said, "Overall, the Righteous and Demonic Universes have done well. They have nurtured a Heavenly Dao Realm expert. Of course, Zhao Jiangshan needs to be tempered by his own personality. He needs to work hard for a period of time. If he can completely wake up, he will be of great use. In any case, what you need to do next is to create more of the Righteous and Demonic Universes. More Heavenly Dao experts will be born. The entire world will continue to expand, and you will have hope of reaching the Heavenly Dao Realm.

The Fourth, Emperor Of Heaven, the two of you can now contact these ancestors and create another universe. Remember, this universe cannot absorb other powers from the human world as the price. This is like tearing down the east wall to pay the west wall. This way, it will be impossible for a Heavenly Dao Realm expert to be born. You must use your spirit power to gush it out. This way, the universe you create will be a true universe. Only within this universe can a Heavenly Dao be born. " "Yes." The Fourth and Emperor Of Heaven lowered their heads.

They had no other choice. They were very unwilling, and they still didn't want to do this for others. Look at the ancestors of the Righteous and Demonic Universes. They had painstakingly joined forces and worked wholeheartedly for a thousand years before a Heavenly Dao Realm expert was born.

But this Heavenly Dao Realm expert, Zhao Jiangshan, not only didn't want to protect them, he even wanted to suppress and subdue them. He even wanted to kill them. This was equivalent to painstakingly raising something that wanted to kill them and humiliate them. Why did they have to do this? The Fourth and Emperor Of Heaven weren't willing to do such a thing. But they still hadn't turned around. But now that Gu Chensha had given them a clear order, they had no choice but to obey.

"Alright, that's it. Court dismissed. Everyone can leave." Gu Chensha waved his hand.

"Court dismissed."

The little foster son had returned to his former role, but this time, he was truly playing the role of a eunuch. Of course, he was no longer a eunuch.

In the instant that the court dismissed, he seemed to have been reborn. He had fulfilled his wish. Back in that small courtyard in the capital of the Central Plains, Gu Chensha was still the nineteenth prince. He didn't have to pay any price, and he basically didn't have any power. But back then, he had fantasized that Gu Chensha would become the emperor, and then he would stand in the imperial court, second only to the emperor and above millions. Later on, although Gu Chensha had great power, he had never become the emperor. But now, Gu Chensha had finally sat on the throne.

And this throne was trillions of times more powerful than before. He was the supreme emperor who ruled over countless universes, countless spacetime, and countless continents. He was much more powerful than the Heavenly Talisman Emperor of the past. He had finally completed his childhood dream. In an instant, it was complete. In the depths of his heart, he no longer had any regrets.

The many Ancestors had been thoroughly awed by Gu Chensha. No matter how displeased they were, they didn't dare show it. After all, even a Heaven-Dao existence had been suppressed by Gu Chensha, and had been reduced to a cow. The miserable fate of Fa Wuxian and the others also caused people's hearts to tremble. After the meeting was adjourned … Some of them left, while others gathered in groups of twos and threes to discuss matters.

"Confucianism Ancestor, you stay behind."

Emperor Of Heaven and The Fourth Gu Huasha called out to a group of people, including Confucianism Ancestor and Spell Ancestor.

"What's wrong?"

Confucianism Ancestor wasn't very pleased. "Nihility Ancestor, Ancestor of Heaven, you've received orders to create a new universe. Are you going to join forces with us?" "That's right."

Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha, The Fourth said, "And this time, the more Ancestors there are, the better. We're going to use the Dragonless Heart Sutra to create a huge universe, a great existence. This is also the only way to fight against Gu Chensha. " "What?

Fight against Gu Chensha? "Confucianism Ancestor's eyes lit up, but then dimmed. He clearly didn't believe it.

"I have an idea." The Fourth Gu Huasha seemed to have thought of something.

"Nihility Ancestor, if you have an idea, just say it. Actually, Gu Chensha is the strongest, and our days aren't good. We need to raise our noses. If we can have someone who can fight against Gu Chensha, our days will have a chance.

But that's easier said than done, unless that terrible thing is born. But once that terrible thing is born, it will probably devour us. "

Confucianism Ancestor said, "You and I should be able to sense it with our cultivation. Indeed, after that terrible thing is born, the first thing it will do is devour everything."

"Whether that terrible thing can be born or not is another matter. Even if it is born, we can't control it."

Nihility Ancestor, The Fourth Gu Huasha waved his hand. "What I want to say is something else. Actually, I've already started secretly creating a universe. Look." Buzz … Under The Fourth's urging, a universe was born on his fingertip.

In this universe, one could see a vast continent, an endless starry sky, and the familiar Divine Central Continent, the Four Wildernesses, the Desolate Sea, the Desert Wildernesses, and the Eastern Wildernesses.

In the Divine Central Continent and the Four Wildernesses, Yongchō was born. Yongchō had an emperor, who was also the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Then, Gu Chensha appeared, as well as various existences from before. In other words, the universe created by the Fourth was a miniature version of the original universe, and a brand-new Gu Chensha was born.

"Only Gu Chensha can deal with Gu Chensha." The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "Confucianism Ancestor, what do you think?

I'm not strong enough, but if we have countless ancestors, thousands of ancestors, all working together to help me create another Gu Chensha, two Gu Chensha fighting each other, that's good for us. None of us are a match for Gu Chensha, so we can work together to create a Gu Chensha.

Your Righteous and Evil Universes have created a Zhao Jiangshan, which is actually a threat to Gu Chensha, but not much. However, if we thousands of ancestors work together, and with many changes in fate, it wouldn't be strange to create another Gu Chensha. " "That makes sense. This plan is feasible.

This is called giving someone a taste of their own medicine. "A thoughtful look appeared on the Emperor Heaven's face. Then, a faint smile appeared on his face. Remember the mobile website: M.