Chapter 31
==========

"Eunuch Wang is too polite."

Lou Baiyue took out a bottle. "This is a little thing I found in the ancient land left behind by Tian Tianzi. It's very suitable for nourishing your body." "In that case, this old servant will kindly accept it."

Eunuch Wang was about to decline, but when he heard that it was something found in the ancient land of Tian Tianzi, he immediately smiled and accepted it.

Gu Chensha knew that this Eunuch Wang was a major character and was as famous as Gao Ling in the six palaces.

Chief Steward Gao Ling followed beside the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and dealt with secret matters. His aura was gloomy and mysterious, like the shadow of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. As for Eunuch Wang, he dealt with the big and small matters of the six palaces. His aura was kind and benevolent. The two of them were in the light and in the dark, one Yin and one Yang, perfectly maintaining the operations of the palace. With regards to Eunuch Wang, even Gu Fasha didn't dare to offend him.

Gu Chensha didn't give him any gifts. He was poor now, and giving him gifts would only be asking to be humiliated. He definitely couldn't compare to Lou Baiyue's wealth.

Eunuch Wang didn't care about all this. He still had a kind expression on his face. "This old servant has passed down the decree. I will go back and report to you." "Eunuch Wang, take care."

Lou Baiyue nodded. After Eunuch Wang left, she said, "Your Highness, since we accepted this mission, we have to leave the capital within three days. This mission won't be easy. I heard that in Xian Province, other than the remnants of the Xian Dynasty plotting in the dark, there are also barbarian spies trying to stir up trouble. Not only that, many evil demons also want to take advantage of this once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to wreak havoc in the world and gain power. They want to collect souls, refine devil treasures, and cultivate magic."

Once the war started, countless people would die on the battlefield. Those dead souls, baleful qi, and vengeful spirits were the best nourishment for evil demons.

Gu Chensha killed ferocious beasts as sacrifices to the heavens. From this, he knew that the heavens made an equivalent exchange. If you offered your soul to the heavens, you would receive a gift from the heavens. The soul was a type of energy.

It was the source of all vitality. Without a soul, humans would rot. With a soul, vitality would circulate, and growth would be in a perfect balance.

"What should we do about this mission? I don't have any ideas, I'll just follow your lead. "

Gu Chensha thought for a moment. "I don't have any work experience. There are many things I need to learn. I hope you can guide me." "Very good. Go back tonight and pack up. Bring some capable followers with you.

There's no time to lose. We'll leave tomorrow morning and take the water route. "Lou Baiyue immediately set the rules.

"I think so too." Gu Chensha had to hurry back and settle this matter.

He knew that this trip was definitely not simple, and the slightest carelessness would lead to disaster.

The Tenth Prince's residence was still deep within the pure copper palace. Gu Zhensha's eyes were closed as he cultivated. His pores emitted a thunder-like aura. Deep within his abdomen, Qi flowed, and the roars of dragons and tigers could be heard, as well as the wails of ghosts and the howls of gods.

After a long time, he suddenly opened his eyes and punched the ground fiercely. Cracks immediately appeared on the pure copper floor.

"What a pity. Just a little bit more and I could have subdued the Thunder Dragon's will, broken through the martial arts barrier, and achieved the Dao Realm." Gu Zhensha stood up. His body seemed to have grown taller.

"Tenth Highness, you don't have to be so anxious. Haste makes waste. The Thunder Dragon's bloodline is fierce and domineering. The will contained within is also fearless of the heavens and earth. It can dominate the three realms.

It's not easy to subdue the will within. However, once it is subdued, it will be many times more powerful than ordinary Dao Realm experts. "

At that moment, there was another person in the pure copper palace. It was a middle-aged brawny man. He wore a loose robe and had a white cloth wrapped around his head. His style was similar to that of the southern miasma.

This middle-aged brawny man seemed to be guiding Gu Zhensha in his cultivation. It was obvious that he was the most important First Elder Foreign Minister in the residence.

"Mister Feng, thanks to your guidance, my cultivation has improved a lot recently."

Although the Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha had a violent personality, he was very polite to this person. "Unfortunately, I still can't completely merge the Ghost King Sutra and the Thunder Slash Force together."

"Tenth Highness, you don't have to be so courteous. It's my duty to help you. You've already been recognized by the Ancestral Sorcerer's Bone Tablet. As long as you improve further and communicate the true essence of sorcery, you can become the young master of our ancient sorcery dao. By then, I'll still be your subordinate.

Also, Your Highness, you don't have to be wary of the sorcery dao. The sorcery dao is the ancient natural dao. It's also a part of the Heavenly Dao. It has nothing to do with gods. It's the past, present, and future. The past dao is the sorcery dao. It's the survival of the fittest and the survival of the fittest. The present dao is humanity. It's the benevolence, righteousness, etiquette, and morality. It's Gu Tianzi who has the Heaven Sacrifice Decree. As for the future dao, I don't know what it is. "

Mister Feng sighed. "The sorcery dao represents the past in the Heavenly Dao. Although it has dissipated in the dust of history, someone has to inherit it. Otherwise, the Heavenly Dao won't be complete. I hope you can be the successor.

I think the world is facing a great calamity. If Your Highness can't grasp the past sorcery dao, I'm afraid you might die. " "What do you mean?"

Gu Zhensha's hair stood on end. He knew that Mister Feng had a profound cultivation base and could peer into the secrets of the heavens. He also knew that Mister Feng had an unparalleled power behind him. Back then, Gu Zhensha was able to destroy the Five Ghosts Sect and obtain the Ghost King Scripture because of Mister Feng's help.

The Five Ghosts Sect had only inherited the superficial knowledge of witchcraft, the so-called witchcraft and ghost techniques.

"In every great era, there will be countless calamities.

The ancient sorcery dao ended and the human dao rose. It's unknown how many gods, devils, and demons fell. That was a battle that lasted for thousands of years. The endless battles caused the void to collapse and countless races to go extinct. Amidst the battle of blood and fire, human civilization was born. Benevolence, righteousness, and etiquette were born. The sorcery dao that followed the law of the jungle became an evil dao. Hence, the past dynasties and generations hated the art of sorcery. "

Mister Feng sat down and immersed himself in the ancient history. A sense of vicissitudes rose in his heart. "And now, I can feel the opening of the future and the ending of the present. Because of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's thoughts, I'm terrified. He might be the key to opening the future. At that time, benevolence, righteousness, morality, and etiquette will collapse. The entire world will welcome earth-shattering changes and the Heavenly Dao will step into the future. As for what exactly it is, I have no idea.

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor's cultivation base far surpasses mine. Even destroying the remnants of the sorcery dao is nothing to him. "

"The past life of the Heavenly Dao is a bloody sorcery dao that follows the law of the jungle. The present life is about benevolence, righteousness, morality, and etiquette. What is the future life? Is this what Imperial Father wants? "

Gu Zhensha suddenly realized that he didn't understand his father at all. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor. "No matter what, it's not up to me to think about these things. Let's break through to the Dao realm first. While we're at it, let that brat Gu Chensha be consigned to eternal damnation!" Duke Chen Residence. Gu Chensha and Long Yuyun were discussing an important matter.

"I didn't expect the Heavenly Talisman Emperor to let you handle this matter so quickly. This is a great opportunity. There are many experts in the Xian Dynasty, and all of them are bent on reviving their country. You have the bloodline of the Xian Dynasty's royal clan, and with the awakening of the Great Spirit God's bloodline, I'm afraid there will be many experts willing to submit to you. Your wings will grow stronger very quickly." Long Yuyun seemed to have grasped onto an opportunity.

"That might not be a good thing. All sorts of ambitious people would want to make use of me. At that time, I would be embroiled in trouble." Gu Chensha didn't feel that this was an opportunity.

"How can there be any achievements without trouble? The greater the risk, the greater the reward. "

Long Yuyun continued, "Lou Baiyue said to travel by water tomorrow. Since that's the case, I will prepare a huge ship for you. The warriors of our Dragon Sword Island will become your personal guards. That way, you will have more prestige." "Absolutely not."

Gu Chensha hurriedly rejected, "I think it's better for me to sit on Lou Baiyue's battleship. I've just established my clan, and I've already caused such a huge commotion. Those with ulterior motives would surely attack me immediately. How about this, if you want to do something big with me, you should first bring some people to Xian Prefecture to gather information. We can contact each other when the time comes."

"You're really meticulous in handling matters. But if you go out to do something like this, you won't be able to establish your prestige without any influence.

Also, your every move will be under the surveillance of Lou Baiyue. This isn't good either. "Long Yuyun could also see many flaws.

If it was in the past, Gu Chensha wouldn't sit on Lou Baiyue's battleship even if he was beaten to death. But now, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman had transformed into a spatial altar hidden in the depths of his mind. He had no secrets at all, and he could once again play the pig to eat the tiger.

"I have my own plans for this matter."

Of course, Gu Chensha wouldn't reveal many secrets to Long Yuyun. She wasn't a good person, and now that they were working together, he could only trust her a little.

"Okay, then I will bring experts to Xian Prefecture to plan."

Long Yuyun had a playful smile on her face, "The war is about to begin, and Xian Prefecture is a chaotic place. My Dragon Sword Island can find many opportunities there." Early in the morning, the fog on the canal still hadn't dissipated.

An iron armored battleship stopped at the pier. It was pitch black, like a giant shark coming out of the water. Many experts moved resources onto the ship. The soldiers were all covered in leather armor, and the armor seemed to change according to the color of the environment, perfectly blending into the surroundings. In the cabin, Lou Baiyue listened to the report from her subordinate.

"Princess, everything is ready. All the experts in the mansion have put on the Illusionary Snake Leather Armor and prepared the secret weapon created by the Celestial Designer Institute, the Fire Talisman Spear. Dozens of people will fire at the same time, and even a Transformation One Dao Realm expert will die under this Fire Talisman Spear. It is the latest creation of the Celestial Designer Institute, and it hasn't been circulated yet. It is an absolute secret."

That subordinate was a man with a knife scar on his face. He was filled with endless energy, and it was obvious that he was a Martial Path Master. However, he knelt in front of Lou Baiyue respectfully.

"Dao Nu, you have been in my Lou Family for 20 years, right?" Lou Baiyue asked.

"Yes, Princess. 20 years ago, I was the sect leader of the Horizontal Blade Sect. I did something illegal and was beheaded by the imperial court. It was the duke who saved me, and from then on, I am willing to be a slave." Dao Nu knelt down and didn't dare to raise his head.

"I know of your loyalty. Back in the day, your Hengdao School had some influence in Xian Province. This time, I brought you along because I'm familiar with the route," Lou Baiyue said. "You should know what to do, right?" "I have already made arrangements." Dao Nu retreated.

At that moment, a tall and skinny man came in and knelt down as well, "Princess, Sword Slave has something to report. The 19th Highness is here alone, and he didn't bring any followers."