Chapter 128
===========

The man was simple and honest. He dressed like an honest farmer and had an honest demeanor. He didn't have the cunning or evil aura of the demonic path. The woman was a little enchanting, but that was all. She was very different from the demonic path people Gu Chensha had seen before, Black Bat, Yin Yang Xiushi, Blood Soul Cult Master, and Hundred Poison Daoist.

When the two walked in, their eyes were filled with shock. They looked around as if they were afraid of something.

"Greetings, Your Highness."

After the man and woman entered, they cupped their hands in greeting but didn't kneel. They seemed to have some backbone.

"No need to be so polite." Gu Chensha said, "Please take a seat and have some tea." Immediately, a maid came to serve tea.

The man and woman didn't drink, but when they smelled a cold scent, they tasted it. They were shocked. "Drunken Cloud Winter Plum?

The water used is Cold Jade Spring with spiritual liquid added. Agarwood was used as charcoal to roast it. It's a superior Inferior Dao. Drinking it all year round can purify one's Qi and blood. "

"As expected, they have a deep understanding of pharmacology." Gu Chensha nodded. May I ask for their names?

"I'm Wang Zhi of the Gu Poison Sect, and this is my junior sister, Lan Qi," the man who looked like an honest farmer said.

"Do you have a senior brother and sister and a master?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Yes, but we went our separate ways because of different ideals. Master passed down a total of five branches, with the five poisons as the form. My branch is based on the Heavenly Centipede, but I feel that the art of Gu Poison shouldn't be used to harm people. Instead, it should be used to cure people. We never do anything illegal. Instead, we walk the pugilistic world and accumulate virtue."

Wang Zhi cupped his hands and said, "If I have harmed people or done anything illegal, I will be forsaken by the heavens and killed by both humans and gods."

"My senior brother and I have traveled the world and accumulated countless merits. We have saved countless lives, but I don't know why the people of the Immortal Dao want to kill us indiscriminately when they see us.

Could it be that the evil path and the demonic path only look at cultivation techniques and not people's hearts? "Lan Qi's face was filled with grief and indignation.

"Most people in the world are like this. Actually, when I first heard about the Gu Poison Sect, I also felt that it was an unorthodox path and that it was too dangerous. However, if it could really cure illnesses and save people, then it would be very valuable."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Right now, my fief is suffering from an insect plague. I wonder if the two of you can lend me a hand?

If you can get rid of these pests, I can hire the two of you as foreign officials. I can also open a medical center for the two of you, report it to the imperial court, and get the two of you an official position. How about it? " "An official position? You can even open a clinic? Cure a patient? "

Wang Zhi stood up in surprise, "Junior Sister and I once swore that we would use the Art of Venomous Poison to save the people in the world, to get rid of the evil aura, and to restore the world to its clarity. Apart from that, we must let the world understand that the Art of Venomous Poison can save people more than the Art of Immortality."

"The fact that I can promise you means that I have some confidence. As long as you demonstrate your abilities, I will immediately submit a memorial to my father."

Gu Chensha nodded. "You might even be allowed to accept disciples, establish your own sect, and carry it forward." Plop!

Wang Zhi and Lan Rong left their seats and knelt down. "His Majesty is benevolent, and we can see that the empire is prosperous and the people are at peace. This is the most prosperous era in history. If you allow us to establish our own sect, we are willing to kowtow to His Majesty." As they spoke, the two of them had tears in their eyes.

"Quickly, please rise."

Gu Chensha hurriedly helped them up. "I can see the sincerity of the two of you. As long as it is beneficial to the country, I will do my best to do it." "Your Highness, is there a Primordial Divine Beast guarding this place?

The Vital Venomous Poison that we cultivate is actually suppressed to the point that we can't use any of our abilities. "Wang Zhi asked.

"There is indeed."

Gu Chensha sighed. "But that Divine Beast has yet to hatch, so it can't spread its divine energy throughout the fief."

"Don't worry," Wang Zhi said. "The more insects there are, the more beneficial it will be for our cultivation," Wang Zhi said. "There's no time to lose. We'll help Your Highness deal with the insects right away.

However, we still need Your Highness to allocate some manpower to help us. We need to dig a Myriad Venomous Pond in the surrounding valleys, mix it with medicinal ingredients, and burn it. That way, we'll be able to attract a steady stream of poisonous insects. " "That won't be a problem," Gu Chensha said. "Yi Ming, you do it." "Yes." Yi Ming stood up.

"Let's go take a look." Gu Chensha waved his hand.

The group walked out of the castle. At this time, Wang Zhi took out a bottle gourd and poured out a golden centipede. It was only as thick as a thumb, but it had many wings.

He took out a medicinal pill and fed it. Suddenly, the centipede began to grow. In a few dozen breaths' time, it was as thick as a human leg and several zhang long. Then, it flew into the air. Wang Zhi took a step forward and flew into the air. The Great Dragon Armor on Gu Chensha squirmed as he flew into the air. At the same time, Shi Zhongchan and Yi Ming flew up too.

Wang Zhi and Lan Qi looked at him and felt that Gu Chensha was really extraordinary. Their cultivation wasn't at Dao Realm Transformation Seven, but with the Vital Gu, they could fly. Naturally, they knew about the armor on Gu Chensha and they could tell that it was a top treasure. When he wore the armor, the poison wouldn't be able to invade him.

They flew out of the surrounding mountains. Wang Zhi pointed to a few valleys and said, "Your Highness, build a huge Gu pond in these valleys. Junior Martial Sister and I will cast spells and the poisonous insects within a radius of hundreds of miles will gather here. In the past, we hid everywhere and didn't dare to build such a large pond. "

"No one dares to cause trouble in my land." Gu Chensha nodded his head. "Yi Ming, use your spells to dig a pond." "Yes!"

Yi Ming's current cultivation base was at the ninth Dao Realm transformation, and he had a glass jade body. He had consumed heavenly dew for a long time, and his meridians had expanded. He had also cultivated the Sun-Moon Refinement and Sun-Moon Transformations techniques. As a result, his true energy far surpassed that of ordinary experts.

He waved his hands and his Xiantian Qi turned into a giant hand that dug towards the valley. Instantly, large amounts of dirt and stone were dug up. The tough mountain rocks all shattered like tofu.

An hour later, the giant pond was dug. It was 100 feet deep and the bottom was flat. If barbarian race slaves did this, it would take at least a month.

"So amazing."

Wang Zhi and Lan Qi looked at each other but did not say anything. They both urged their Natal Gu centipede to fly to the bottom of the pool, sprinkling various medicinal powders and burning some strange spices. Then they built an altar in the pool with a flag on it.

The flag was pitch black and on it was a really life-like centipede. The centipede danced in the wind and gave off a black energy that spread all around.

"Pay attention." The two of them flew up. "King, let's hide. The poisonous bugs are coming."

"It is okay. Let me take a look." Yi Ming waved his hands and sent out thick True Qi that wrapped everyone up into a giant ball.

Sure enough, an hour later, the mountain forest was filled with buzzing noises. Many unknown poisonous insects were flying in the sky, almost covering the entire sky.

The poisonous bug army in the forest was really terrifying. Who knew if there were hundreds of thousands, millions, or even tens of millions? They formed a flood. No, it should be called a flow of bugs.

All the poisonous bugs landed in the hole and started to kill one another. In an instant, bug corpses were all over the ground.

On the altar in the pond, the black flag spread out. Wherever it went, the bug corpses were swept up and their essence blood was absorbed. The black energy became thicker and thicker.

"How amazing."

Gu Chensha nodded and said, "This method of making the poisonous insects kill each other is hard to come by. That flag is also a treasure. It absorbs the essence blood of the insects to strengthen itself. It is even more powerful. If this continues, the treasure will become stronger and stronger."

"The flag will constantly absorb the essence energy of the poisonous bugs and turn it into a Five-Poisons Nascent Divinity. When the time comes, it will be even more amazing."

Wang Zhi's face lit up with delight. "Before, we didn't dare to absorb it so openly. First of all, digging such a huge pond requires a lot of manpower, and we don't have many disciples. Second, if we absorb it like this, experts will definitely notice and come to slay the devils. Then we'll be killed. Even if we manage to escape, the flag will be destroyed, and decades of hard work will go down the drain."

"Don't worry," Gu Chensha said. "Outside of my fiefdom, no one will dare to slay devils and demons. This is the imperial court, and the immortal dao sects have to abide by its laws." "Thank you, Your Highness," Wang Zhi said happily.

"Next, I'll list out all sorts of herbs. Your Highness, you just need to send people to buy them, and then dig several ponds in the surroundings. We'll use them one by one, and in a month, all the bugs will be gone. Furthermore, our cultivation in a month will be equivalent to decades of hard work. When the time comes, we can also dig ponds like this on both sides of the road leading into the pass to eliminate the bugs and ensure the smooth flow of the trade route." "That's good."

Gu Chensha nodded. "You'll need a lot of herbs to attract the bugs. I can see that, so I'll take care of it. Just focus on your cultivation and expelling the bugs." "No problem. As long as it's a bug disease or a plague, we can get rid of it," Wang Zhi said.

"How dare you, fiend! You dare to cultivate heretical arts here? You're courting death!"

At that moment, a thunderous rumble came from afar, echoing through the mountains and causing everyone's ears to ring. The dense swarm of poisonous bugs in the sky was shaken by the roar and fell like rain. Gu Chensha hurriedly looked over.

He saw a figure flying over at lightning speed. Innate Stellar Qi surrounded his body, tearing through the air and bringing with it a thunderous explosion. His might was simply overwhelming. Swoosh! That person was still five kilometers away, and he pointed with his finger.

A sharp and eerie sword light coiled around Wang Zhi and Lan Qi like a silver snake, wanting to use the flying sword to slay them and slay devils and demons.

"Isn't this a slap to my face?"

Gu Chensha had just said that no one would come to slay devils and demons in his fiefdom, and they came immediately. He couldn't help but feel a little annoyed. "Yiming!" "Yes!"