Chapter 751
===========

After a long while, Wen Hong finally digested the Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art. This art was perfect for him, and now that he cultivated it, he could get twice the results with half the effort. With this art on him, Wen Hong began to believe Gu Chensha's words.

He was now a Saint, so he was naturally different from ordinary people. He had the ability to deduce the heavenly dao and distinguish between right and wrong.

"Nephew Chensha."

Wen Hong spoke after a long while. His aura was different from before, and he had changed his tone. "How do you think the world should be governed? Are we really going to be like Gu Taxian, conferring titles to gods, opening canals, and building great walls?

But based on what you said, your cultivation is only at the Twenty-Ninth Transformation, and you've comprehended primordial chaos. How can you suppress those Celestial Venerables?

The three Celestial Venerables are high above us, and apart from them, there are also many old antiques who keep an eye on the Central Divine Prefecture. "

"Gods, kill them one by one!" Gu Chensha said. "Uncle Wen, don't you have the Heaven-Offering Decree?

I can use this talisman to completely perfect the Heavenly Dao. This talisman is formed from the will of the heavenly dao, but the true heavenly dao is suppressed by Father. This Heaven-Offering Decree is just an illusion. My Heavenly Dao is real, so I should be able to undo the power of this talisman. "

"This talisman has the power to seize the fortune of heaven and earth. I'm afraid it won't be so easy to control." Wen Hong didn't take out the Heaven-Offering Decree.

Gu Chensha looked at him deeply. He knew that this person was still very wary and didn't truly trust him. But Gu Chensha didn't care.

"Nephew, you mentioned your mother just now. Dustling Star."

Wen Hong suddenly thought of something. "Dustling Star became the holy maiden of The Great Spirit God a long time ago, but I heard that she became the personal disciple of the three Celestial Venerables. If you want to see her, you'll have to go find the three Celestial Venerables." "I have my own plans for this."

Gu Chensha knew that even if his mother's Dust Spirit Star really existed in this dream world, it was just an illusion, completely different from the real world. If he insisted on this, he was afraid that his soul would be trapped here forever, and he would never be able to wake up from the real world.

"Then let us first discuss the matter of how to open the canal. My dear nephew's magical power is boundless, and you can move mountains and fill seas. When the Dao of the Heavens circulates, you can create all living things and never retreat. You can do this for the imperial court. What do you think?

First, open a river from the capital to the border, and at the same time build the Great Wall of Stone? Wen Hong thought for a moment, and was about to push Gu Chensha out.

"Looks like Uncle Wen still doesn't believe me."

Gu Chensha laughed out loud, "But it doesn't matter. I came here to change the heavens and earth. Even the will of the Heaven Realm can't do anything to me, so how can this small illusion do anything to me? General of Common People! Come out! "

Right there, he activated his own magic power. Instantly, a large amount of chaos energy was sucked into his body. Then, from within the chaotic energy, numerous Great Generals of the Common People were born.

The moment these Common People's Generals were born, they were experts at the Dao Realm 22 Transformation, Astronomical Phenomenon. They were the same as the Emperor's Heavenly Soldier.

Moreover, the quality of their magic power was really high. They were at True Dragon Technique and Grade Five, the same as the Son of Heaven.

Gu Chensha snatched Dou 19's Emperor's Heavenly Soldier, which was how he became the Common People's Commander.

In the real world, the Common People's Generals had their fate lines severed by Gu Chensha. All of them broke through and became God Realm. Of course, the current Gu Chensha was unable to directly create a God Realm Common People's Commander.

It was because in the real world, other than his own cultivation, he also had the circulation of the powers of the two medium worlds and the imperial court's great fortune to support the 360 Great Marshals of the common people for many years. This was why all the Great Marshals of the common people had advanced to the Divine level.

In this Dream World, not only did he not have a medium-sized world, but he also didn't control the imperial court. Naturally, he couldn't create a God Realm Common People's Commander.

Right now, he could at most create the twenty-two transformations of the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth. This was because there was a huge gap between the 22 and 23 transformations.

The 22 Transformation Astronomical Phenomenon was still a change in magic power. The 23 Transformation Past Reflection was comprehending the changes in space and time. One's spirituality had to be strong enough to comprehend it.

But even so, Gu Chensha's creation of these common people's generals gave Wen Hong quite a fright. "You can actually directly create the 22 Transformation Heaven and Earth puppets from the primordial chaos? That's simply inconceivable.

Even the three Sky Venerables aren't as fast as you. No, they aren't puppets, they are living beings … " Wen Hong realized that something wasn't right.

This was because he realized that the spirituality of these puppets and the destiny lines weren't connected to Gu Chensha.

Indeed, even the three Celestial Venerables were not as fast as Gu Chensha when they were refining the Great Emperor's Heavenly Weapon. They needed a lot of time and effort to refine the Great Emperor's Heavenly Weapon at the fifth level of the True Dragon Technique. This was the advantage of Gu Chensha's Heavenly Law.

"That's right. This is the principle that I comprehended. I severed the destiny lines."

Gu Chensha said, "If these common people generals of the 22 transformations become officials of the imperial court, they will be able to absorb the fate of the country and advance quickly. Uncle Wen has also seen their ideas of ruling the country.

In the real world, this has already been proven. Uncle Wen, think about it. If all the officials of the world became this kind of Great Commander of the common people, then just how clear would the governance of the imperial court be? At the very least, Uncle Wen's Son of Heaven aura would increase by a thousand times. With me as a variable, Uncle Wen would be able to break through the realm of the Son of Heaven that has existed since ancient times.

"Become an Empyrean?" Wen Hong's heart was truly moved. Emperors basically couldn't become Sky Venerables. This was the restriction of the Heavenly Path.

Actually, Wen Hong didn't want to be controlled by the Heaven Sacrifice Decree. Everything that Gu Chensha showed was indeed a variable.

"How many Common People's Generals can you create?" Wen Hong asked.

"Endless."

Gu Chensha's tone was calm. "Since I came here, I don't fear the heavens. I will destroy the old and create the new. I will use my powers to drown the world.

However, I will create 3,600 first. Uncle Wen, you can distribute these Common People's Generals to various places to be officials. Not long later, these 3,600 Common People's Generals will gradually grow and create a prosperous era. "

"The powers in the world are complicated. Even if these Common People's Generals are sent out, they probably won't be of much use. For example, Fazhou is controlled by the Legalists. The 22nd Common People's Generals are strong, but in front of the Legalists, they won't be able to do much. If they really harm the interests of the Legalists, they will be suppressed." Wen Hong said.

"I will attract the attention of the Legalists. Then, the Common People's Generals can clean up the world.

Of course, this is just a small matter. I have my own preparations for the real big move. To be honest, if Uncle Wen wants to rule the world, you can't be half-hearted. You have to press forward. If you don't have the courage, in the next three years, the calamity will arrive.

Now is God Talisman's 33rd year. God Talisman's 36th year is the true calamity. "Gu Chensha knew that Wen Hong was the Emperor and his era name was God Talisman.

"I have to think about this carefully. I can't be rash. The changes in the world should be like cooking a small dish. If the fire is too strong, it might ruin the big plan." Wen Hong frowned.

"A serious illness needs to be treated with strong medicine."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Normal Emperors are worried about their own safety. Naturally, they hope to slowly reform. But my idea is that if the Emperor is willing to sacrifice himself and change the Heavenly Mandate, from top to bottom, it will be like a lightning strike, sweeping away the evil aura in the world and making the Divine Land clear."

"Like a lightning strike, breaking through the haze of the world?" Wen Hong seemed to be thinking about this sentence.

"That's right. That's all I have to say. Whether Uncle Wen listens or not, I have to do this." Gu Chensha's words were really domineering.

"Oh?"

When Wen Hong heard this, he said, "Do you know that you are trying to mislead the people? If I don't listen to you and use the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman to suppress you, what will you do?" "The Heaven Sacrificial Talisman can't suppress me."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "If Uncle Wen doesn't listen to me, then it doesn't matter. I will abolish the Emperor and take control of the God Artifact.

I will become the Emperor Of Heaven myself. I don't care about the Emperor, because I have already mastered the Heavenly Dao Technique. "

"Abolish the Emperor and take control of the God Artifact!" When Wen Hong heard this, killing intent actually appeared on his face.

"Uncle Wen, don't have killing intent. The Emperor is actually a puppet. In the real world, Uncle Wen has actually been freed. Here, Uncle Wen must free yourself and your soul. Only then can you truly break free from the shackles of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman."

Gu Chensha patted him lightly. "Besides, I don't want to fight with Uncle Wen for the world now. If Uncle Wen doesn't believe me, then I have no choice but to be ruthless.

My Heavenly Dao Technique can change. Even if I hide, no one can find me. I just need to spend some time and I can overthrow the world. Why should I appear here and waste my breath, and even impart the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art to Uncle Wen? " "In that case, you are sincere."

Wen Hong slowly retracted his killing intent. "However, I have a question. If you were to change the world here, how would the me here and the me in the real world that you speak of exist?"

"After transcending, there is a possibility that the two will become one. They will both be true selves. That is the true freedom." Gu Chensha said, "Don't you want to know the ultimate secret?" "Alright, if that's the case, I will use you to govern the country. But what do you want? What official position should I give you? "Wen Hong asked.