Chapter 317
===========

"Precelestial Dao, Yin Yang Ghost Transformation, Demonic Secret, Soul Vortex." Gu Chensha suddenly stood up and punched out.

Xiantian astral energy suddenly flew out, turning into a huge whirlpool that swept up all the devil beasts dozens of kilometers away.

This move was the Soul Vortex of the Sky Monster Mystic Art. When it was activated, it could suck away thousands of souls. Gu Chensha even used his Draconic Breath to suck people over.

Thousands of monsters were sucked into the ground. Kacha kacha, the Astral Energy turned into a giant millstone, grinding them to pieces. This was the Sunmoon Millstone. After grinding the monsters, it would be easier for the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine to absorb them.

The Seven Colored Demonic Vine had now turned into a Dark Gold Demonic Vine. There were many ghostly auras faintly appearing on it, just like a kingdom of demons. This was the sign of evolving into the Touch of the Demon and God.

The devil beasts here were the best tonics. With tonics and experts, one's cultivation speed would be very fast.

"Condense."

Gu Chensha pointed again, and another fruit appeared on the tree. The fruit split open, and extremely handsome men appeared. There were also seven of them, and they were a perfect match for the Heart Stealing Demon. This was also a puppet, and it was called the Heart-devouring Demon Centipede. The so-called "demons and monsters" were extremely powerful existences in the demon race. He could even condense the Heavenly Demon Tree.

The Heart Devouring Demon Centipede, Heart Seizing Demon Succubus, Heart Rending Demon Centipede, and Heart Destroying Demon Centipede were puppets with great destructive power recorded in the Sky Demon Secret Arts.

Gu Chensha first refined seven "Heart Stealing Demons", then seven "Heart Devouring Demons". This way, when the demons worked together, their lethality would more than double. The moment this demon was born, it had the strength of someone at Dao Realm Transformation Nine. Of course, this was also because there were simply too many souls and blood essences here.

There was no end to the devil monsters, and there was no end to them. He could squander them as he pleased. Under normal circumstances, Gu Chensha might not even be able to produce one in a few years.

Seven Heart-devouring Demon Hunters and Heart-stealing Enchantresses were born, and they worked together to attack. He immediately began harvesting the devil monsters as if they were grass.

Just like that, Gu Chensha responded to the myriad of changes by remaining unchanging. He killed fiends and monsters, absorbed their souls and blood essence, strengthened the seven-colored demonic vine, and transformed his own body. In the blink of an eye, another month had passed.

The seven-colored demonic vine had completely turned into a dark gold color. With a slight shake, there seemed to be the wailing of ghosts and gods.

At this moment, the gourd above the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine was emitting a murderous aura, and under the Demonic Vine, twenty-eight demons and monsters had been born.

These were puppets and each one was equivalent to a Dao Realm Transformation Nine expert. Four of them could form a formation.

Seven of them could be used to set up a formation, and twenty-eight of them could be used to set up an even larger formation.

Of course, these demons and monsters were far inferior to the Common Life Divine General. However, with the advancement of the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine, they could eventually transform into the 28 Demon God Stellar Monarchs.

After the Heaven Monster Tree was refined, its strongest protector would be the 28 Demon God Stellar Monarch puppets. The tree absorbed the power of the stars and all sorts of souls to form the Horn Wood Serpent, Kang Gold Dragon, Di Earth Raccoon, Room Sun Rabbit, Heart Moon Fox, Tail Fire Tiger, Water Leopard …

This meant that the 28 demons and monsters were just the embryonic forms of the 28 Demon God Stellar Monarchs.

Horn Wood Serpent, Kang Gold Dragon, Di Earth Raccoon, Room Sun Rabbit, Heart Moon Fox, Tail Fire Tiger, Water Leopard … Each of these Demon God Stellar Monarchs could suppress heaven and earth. They were the true essence of the Heaven Monster Tree.

When Gu Chensha mastered the 28 Chi, Mei, Wang, and Liang, he had more or less comprehended the mysteries of the 28 Constellation Fey Gods.

If the Heaven Monster Tree was refined, after a long period of time, the 28 Demon God Stellar Monarchs would form on the tree. It would be like the gathering of 28 gods into the Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise. This tree would be perfect and it would be more than enough to suppress a world.

However, in ancient times, many Demon Race Sages weren't able to cultivate the Heaven Monster Tree to its peak. Even Monster Saints weren't able to do so. Even if Gu Chensha's cultivation was dozens of times stronger, he wouldn't be able to cultivate it. If he did, then he would be able to suppress this Demon Region with just a flip of his palm.

"That is weird. Another month has passed and no strong monsters have appeared?"

The two brothers had just killed a few Dao Realm Seven and Eight Transformation Demons and sat down to consume the Seven-Colored Essence Fruit to recover. They started to discuss, "The 14 and 18 Demon Emperors from last time haven't appeared. Are they afraid?" "No, the monsters are observing my movements."

Gu Chensha said, "I can't let my guard down. I feel like there are at least three of them above 20 Dao Realm Transformations. If they attack me, I might not be able to block them."

If Gu Chensha had Dragon Gate, he could deal with 20 Transformation Demons. Now that he was relying on his own cultivation, it would be tough for him to cross so many realms and kill them. The key was that there wasn't just one.

He used the Celestial Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife to destroy the 18 Transformation Demon Emperor's Heaven Demon Pagoda, but it wasn't so useful against 19 and 20 Transformation Demons.

At 19 Transformation, one's body could change. If it shrunk to dust, then it wouldn't be easy to kill.

At 20 Transformation, one would gather and scatter. When it scattered, it would form energy. When it gathered, it would form.

Of course, if the Celestial Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife formed, it would be able to slash everything. If it faced space, it would slash space. If it faced worlds, it would slash worlds. If it faced celestials, it would slash celestials. What Gu Chensha crafted now was less than 1/10,000 of its true strength.

Fortunately, during this month, he didn't know how many monsters he had killed, and the flying knife gourd had become a lot more tyrannical. The quality of the Seven-Colored Essence Fruit that formed on the tree was much better too.

Actually, this tree could form all sorts of things, but Gu Chensha only formed the Seven-Colored Essence Fruit, Evil Demon King Liang, and Celestial Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife Gourd. His current goal was to evolve this tree into the Touch of Ghost-God.

This tree was the most difficult Dharma treasure to refine according to the Book of Heaven Demon. Gu Chensha naturally had some insights on how to refine it after studying it for several months. As this tree advanced, Gu Chensha's body would gradually improve.

The 28 Evil Demon King Liang puppets formed a huge array and connected with each other. They constantly captured demons and fed them to the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine. Their cultivation levels became sharper, and there seemed to be some runes on their bodies that were about to condense into some Dharma treasure.

"Come back!"

Seeing that the Evil Demon King Liang had left the range of his Stellar Energy barrier, Gu Chensha immediately called them back.

The 28 Evil Demon King Liang gathered and returned to their respective trees. They were once again enveloped by the membrane fetus and squirmed within.

To these 28 Evil Demon King Liang, the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine was their mother. After returning from battle, they still connected their bodies to their mother's body.

"Weapons!"

Gu Chensha activated it again and condensed another 28 different weapons on the tree. They were sabers, spears, swords, halberds, hatchets, hooks, tridents, hammers, ropes, shields … These were the weapons of the 28 Monster Gods and Star Lords. Gu Chensha had the Rainbow Flower Vines condense them and then equipped the Chi, Mei, Wang, and Liang puppets to increase their combat power.

The Evil Demon King Liang were all Dao Realm Nine Transformation Experts. With the 28 of them gathered together and formed a formation, along with the weapons that were related to them, their killing strength increased once more. Anything could be formed from the tree.

A full seven days passed and the 28 Evil Demon King Liang appeared once more. Each of them had a weapon in their hands and each of them was different.

"These weapons are so strong." The two brothers looked on with envy.

"Don't be anxious. I will form stronger weapons for the two of you."

Gu Chensha's hands formed a circle and shot out many runes. Under his control, the Heavenly Demon Tree once again condensed two fruits the size of a human head. These fruits looked like flesh and blood, and there seemed to be the sound of blood flowing in the blood vessels.

The two brothers could see that there were really two weapons being formed in the fruits. One was a golden spear and the other was a halberd.

"I have formed two weapons based on your fighting techniques. One is the ancient Golden Crow's weapon, the Great Sun Golden Spear. The other is the weapon that the ancient Golden Winged Roc Race uses, the Eight Desolation God Halberd.

If these two weapons are formed, they will be really strong and can increase your killing strength by several times. But you will need a long time to gather them and won't be able to train them in a short time. "

Gu Chensha made these weapons for the two brothers to test the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine's ability to refine treasures.

"Thank you, King."

These days, the two Ximen brothers had followed Gu Chensha on expeditions and slaughtered, and they had benefited greatly. They were already wholeheartedly convinced of Gu Chensha's superiority, and they prostrated themselves before him. Moreover, they had made a firm resolution that the Ximen Clan must submit to the Calming Immortal Department.

The two brothers were Dao Realm Transformation Nine experts and had a really high status in the Ximen Family. They had the right to decide many things. Moreover, they had reached Dao Realm Transformation Ten and could do many things at once. While they were speaking, all the demons outside disappeared like a receding tide. It was like they were affected by some power and didn't attack or send themselves to die.

This reduced the pressure on Gu Chensha and a look of shock appeared on his face. "Prepare yourselves. Don't leave the range of the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine. Something huge is going to happen. The experts of the Demon Race are about to appear."

The two brothers' hearts clenched. During these few days, they had a good time killing demons. Now that the demons had retreated, it felt really uncomfortable. Weng … A demonic energy rose up from the distance. It was as thick as a beacon.

The demonic energy arrived not far from the Seven-Colored Demonic Vine and landed. It slowly condensed into a human shape. This person was wearing black clothes and was a handsome man. He had a smile on his face and his hands were behind his back. When he looked over, it made one feel dizzy and like one's soul was about to fall into a whirlpool.

"Heaven Demon Tree, not bad, not bad. You want to refine this tree to suppress the Sea of Sin?" This demon was exactly the same as a human and one couldn't see any signs of a demon at all.