Chapter 292
===========

"Why is Your Highness so impatient?" Jin Suibo said confidently. "I came here to make a deal with you. What do you say?" "What kind of deal?"

Wu Dangkong didn't know what Jin Suibo was planning. Last time, she had tried to suppress him and kill him, but she hadn't expected him to be so unfathomably powerful. Not only did he possess the profound mysteries of the stars, but he also had the Peerless Heaven Tome. At this level, he was most likely an ancient freak of the profound immortal dao. No one could do anything to him.

"Last time, Her Highness Concubine Ming was overbearing. She wasn't willing to pay any price and just wanted to rope me in. She even gave me two choices. One was to rely on you and become your slave. The other was to have me die. Who would sincerely follow you when recruiting subordinates like this?" Jin Suibo sneered. "However, I came here today to discuss a business deal with Her Highness." "Oh? Business? What do you want to sell me? "Wu Dangkong's eyes seemed to pierce right through him.

"Of course it's something you're interested in. For example, the reincarnation of Xing Chen."

Jin Suibo acted according to Zhuge Ya's plan. "I know that Your Highness recently had some sort of fortuitous encounter and that your cultivation has advanced by leaps and bounds. You're also doing your best to defeat the Celestial Calmness Department.

But I know that if you don't act now, the Celestial Calmness Department will grow a thousandfold. When that time comes, you won't be a match at all. " "What do you mean?" Wu Dangkong didn't believe Jin Suibo at all.

"The reincarnation of Xing Chen."

Jin Suibo extended a finger. "If the Celestial Calmness Department manages to recruit a reincarnation of Xing Chen, will it increase in power?" "You're also a reincarnation of Xing Chen, right?"

Wu Dangkong smiled mysteriously. "However, after I went back and carefully thought about it, I realized that your five star mysteries were most likely stolen from the heavens. There's no way you could've fused them with your own nascent spirit. Furthermore, they were probably obtained by the Peerless Heaven Tome and have nothing to do with you. You're just a spokesperson for the Peerless Heaven Tome, aren't you? If you really were the Lord of Five Stars, your cultivation base wouldn't be as low as it is now. " "You guessed correctly, I have the Peerless Heavenly Scripture supporting me from behind." Jin Suibo was unmoved. "But this is my business. How about we talk about the deal?" "Are there any reincarnated stars in the Calming Immortal Department?

I've sent people to keep an eye on the Tranquil Immortal Department day and night, but they don't seem to have discovered anything. "Wu Dangkong kept probing.

"Your men?

What kind of expert could your subordinates have that they would dare to spy on the Tranquil Immortal Department? "

Jin Suibo's words were not polite in the slightest. "Your Ladyship's foundation is still shallow. I don't think there are any unparalleled geniuses among the subordinates you can command.

Within the Calm Immortal Bureau, the peerless geniuses were Long Zaifei, Lou Huaiyue, Liu Yu, Qian Zhen, Jia Liang, Zhou Bu, and Mo Chao.

These seven people are all extremely powerful, and their cultivation is improving every day. I believe that the Empress' Scenic Martial Merchant Association has also experienced their methods. "

Wu Dangkong frowned. It was true that she didn't have any unparalleled geniuses among her subordinates.

Unparalleled geniuses were extremely rare, and they could only be found through luck in the Immortal Dao's 72 Mystic Gates. The Wu Clan had unparalleled geniuses, but their statuses were the same as hers. Why would they work for her and listen to her commands?

In history, there were many eras where unparalleled geniuses could become the monarch of a country. They were the founding ancestors of a country and had great talent and bold vision.

With so many unparalleled geniuses gathered in the Calming Immortal Department, all aspects would naturally be operating more smoothly.

Jin Suibo was also an unparalleled genius, which was why he could rope in hundreds of second- and third-rate factions in the Immortal Dao. Furthermore, as the Calming Immortal Department's influence grew, it would be easier for him to rope them in.

Bao Ming 'er was also an unparalleled genius, and he had secretly joined the Calming Immortal Department. With so many formidable individuals gathered and working together, the Calming Immortal Department's potential was extremely terrifying in the eyes of outsiders. Moreover, there was a Black Tortoise overseeing this place.

The Black Tortoise's aptitude was equivalent to an innate saint. It could circulate the Heavenly Dao, swallow and spit out immortal essence, and forge its lair. As long as it was close to the Black Tortoise's lair, it would be contaminated. It would possess the power of the Black Tortoise, and even ordinary herbs would become spirit herbs. This created an unknown amount of income for Gu Chensha's fief.

Apart from them, Long Yuyun, Yu Hanlu, the White and Green Snakes, Little Foster Son, Yi Ming, and Yi Zheng, as well as a few people under The Fourth were all geniuses.

With this structure, the Calming Immortal Department had already become a force to be reckoned with. It was like a young True Dragon. As long as it grew its claws and teeth, it would be able to soar above the Nine Heavens when it encountered a thunderstorm.

In order to deal with the Calming Immortal Department, Wu Dangkong researched day and night and even tried to rope in people, attempting to break the Calming Immortal Department from the inside. However, the Calming Immortal Department was an iron plate and extremely united. Meanwhile, her Wu Clan and factions had their own ulterior motives. Even her former fiancé, Jing Fanxing, was actually a member of the Black Heaven Earth Gate and wouldn't work for her wholeheartedly. As far as the eye could see, she didn't have any capable subordinates. However, capable subordinates relied on luck and were very difficult to nurture.

'If the Calming Immortal Department were to obtain a few more Reincarnators of Xing Chen … then how am I going to survive?

Even if I'm the Imperial Concubine of the Upper Study Room, I would still be pressured to the point where I can't breathe and live a life of incomparable humiliation. None of those ministers would side with me. Gu Tanjian is also harboring evil intentions when he cooperated with me. Life is truly difficult. 'Wu Dangkong pondered in her heart and was also fuming with anger.

This was completely different from when she was in the Scenic Martial Merchant Association. In the Scenic Martial Merchant Association, she handled matters with ease. She contacted hundreds of clans and prospered with each passing day. However, in the imperial court, as the Imperial Regent, she couldn't play many tricks. How could a small Scenic Martial Merchant Association compare to the affairs of the entire world?

If it was in the past, Wu Dangkong would have been more than enough to become the emperor. However, the current world had been expanded thousands of times by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. Not only did it encompass the entire Divine Land, but it also involved the Immortals, Devils, and Demons Seas. These powers were tangled and complicated. Even though Wu Dangkong was an unparalleled genius, her abilities were somewhat lacking.

"Tell me, which Reincarnators of Xing Chen are there in the Calming Immortal Department?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"If you want me to reveal my secret just like that, then how can I still do business?" Jin Suibo laughed. "Could it be that Your Highness isn't willing to pay any price? Then forgive me for being blunt, but I'm afraid that no one will cooperate with you in the future. " "What do you want?" Wu Dangkong frowned.

"This news of mine is extremely shocking. If Your Highness doesn't care, I'm afraid that it will be too late for regrets. This time, the Calming Immortal Department has really recruited an earth-shattering figure.

Since Your Highness has been keeping an eye on the Calming Immortal Department day and night, you should know the recent situation of the Calming Immortal Department. " Jin Suibo followed Zhuge Ya's instructions, slowly luring Wu Dangkong into the trap …

In the conferred land, Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, Zhuge Ya, Long Zaifei, Lou Huaiyue, Liu Yu, Qian Zhen, Jia Liang, Zhou Bu, Mo Chao, Bao Ming 'er, Long Yuyun, Yu Han Lu, Yi Ming, Yi Zheng, Shi Zhongchan, and the others had all gathered for a meeting.

Every once in a while, the Calming Immortal Department would hold a meeting. Firstly, it was to summarize the gains and losses, and secondly, it was to observe everyone's loyalty to see if they had been bribed by someone else. Lastly, it was to discuss the future development plans. By brainstorming, they could come up with many good ideas. This time, it was naturally because of the matter regarding Zhuge Ya.

Zhuge Ya activated his intelligence and laid out a trap everywhere, slowly weaving a net to increase the safety factor for him to completely fuse with the Seven Star Profound Meaning, and also to obtain many resources for the Calming Immortal Department.

"Mister Zhuge Ya, this is a list of our various matters. Please take a look." Long Zaifei took out a stack of documents and passed it to Zhuge Ya.

Right now, his main task was to lead troops into battle, expand the territory, and deal with the barbarian race.

The years of fighting and killing had cultivated an incomparably capable temperament. He had gone deep into the Savage Forest a few times and killed his way through. He had also encountered many dangers, but he had managed to turn danger into safety many times. Gradually, he had developed the temperament of a big shot.

"This is your military layout in the surroundings, right?"

Zhuge Ya read through it in an instant and thought for a moment. "Right now, our Calming Immortal Department's army has already formed, and we don't lack equipment. We have a great advantage against the barbarian race. However, from what I see, the barbarian race is also continuously improving and learning. We can't underestimate them.

Originally, the barbarian race wasn't good at manufacturing because they could offer sacrifices to the Evil God and naturally obtain power. They could live freely in the Savage Forest. However, because the Emperor had sealed the Evil God's power, they could no longer offer sacrifices. This way, the forest that they originally relied on for survival had instead become an obstacle.

However, this way, the wise barbarian race will think of ways to improve and learn from our Yongchō. The barbarian race has a huge population, and the Savage Forest is practically endless. The number of barbarians living there far exceeds the number of people in our Divine Prefecture. Originally, the tribes would fight and kill each other, but now, there is a trend of unity. Furthermore, without the Evil God's power, although the barbarians are physically weak, their minds are clear, and they won't be invaded by the Evil Qi. Their intelligence has also increased.

I see that in these two years, the barbarian race's population has decreased, but the number of experts has actually increased. We have to guard against this. "

"The barbarian race has a huge population, and it doesn't matter if they decrease a little. They have been eating raw meat for tens of thousands of years, and haven't developed at all. That's because the Evil God has suppressed their intelligence. Now that they are fighting against the Yongchō, they are actually forcing out their potential. Most importantly, the Demon race is also secretly helping the barbarian race."

Lou Baiyue analyzed, "Actually, I'm not afraid of Wu Dangkong, Gu Tanjian, or those Immortal Dao Profound Sects. What I'm most afraid of is still the barbarian race and the Demon race."

"Yes, the barbarian race and the Demon race are the real enemies. The last time Que Ying 'er came, she wanted to kill all of us.

I've already remembered this woman's matter. When there's a chance, I'll destroy the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons. "The Fourth's brows were filled with killing intent.