Chapter 660
===========

Gu Chensha didn't want to obtain the memories of some big shot, nor did he want to obtain some cultivation method to cultivate. His ambition was great, and it was no small matter. He wanted to obtain all the information about the entire civilization. The vast amount of information about the Buddhist civilization would all enter his mind.

This way, he could grasp the entirety of the Buddhist civilization in his hands. At the same time, he could perfect his cultivation and break through to the next realm. This way, he could quickly take control of the situation.

From a certain point of view, he was making an exchange and compromise with the Buddhist Sect. If he allowed the Buddhist Sect to integrate into the Yongchō civilization, the Buddhist Sect would definitely agree.

Just as he expected, when he turned the Bow of Liberation and the Arrows of Permanence and Impermanence into Qin Han's body, he communicated with Paramita Mountain, which was located in the depths of the Buddhist Sect. In an instant, the will of the Buddhist Sect seemed to have thought about it before it transmitted an endless amount of information about their civilization. Rumble!

In the blink of an eye, Gu Chensha's sea of knowledge was filled with the information about the civilization. How vast was the civilization of the Buddhist Sect?

Even a Celestial Master wouldn't be able to receive so much information in such a short amount of time. Even if Gu Chensha cultivated the Heavenly Dao Technique, he wouldn't be able to do it. But he could pass it on and transfer it.

The vast amount of information and civilization rushed into the World Tree in the dimensional realm. The Heavenly Demon Tree had evolved into the Tree of Wishes, and the Tree of Wishes had evolved into the World Tree. Now, it had become a bridge that connected four minor chiliocosms and one dimensional realm. In the depths of the space-time turbulence, no matter how violent the storms were, it wouldn't budge.

Gu Chensha injected all the information that the Buddhist Sect had transmitted into the world, calculated, and stored it.

He knew that there was another reason why the Buddhist Sect had done this. They were afraid that in the upcoming tribulation, their civilization and orthodoxy would be completely destroyed and vanish into the vast universe. If they could make a copy for the Celestial Tranquility Department, they would have an additional chance in the future.

Regardless of whether the Celestial Tranquility Department could help the Qin Han rise or not, the Buddhist Sect wanted to leave behind their orthodoxy in order to preserve it in the upcoming tribulation. This was a gamble.

In this way, even if the Golden Paramita Mountain was destroyed and taken away by others, the orthodoxy and civilization would still be left behind.

This was what Gu Chensha had calculated. Last time, he had joined forces with the Buddhist Sect to seize the Dao Querying Diagram and the Small World Tree that Wan Senshi had left for Jing Fanxing. They had made a huge profit, but after that, Wan Senshi had acted again and seized Jing Fanxing back, giving him treasures again. From this, it could be seen that the Buddhist Sect could not do anything to Wan Senshi.

That was why Gu Chensha came to the Human Dragon Association to make this decision and negotiate with the Buddhist Sect. Under the pressure of the Heavenly Devil Race, the Buddhist Sect would definitely join forces with him.

Otherwise, the Heavenly Devil Race might be able to control this Qin Han, and the pawn that the Buddhist Sect had painstakingly laid out would be destroyed in a day. It was truly a pity. With Gu Chensha's help, the development of the Buddhist Sect would be much better.

The unparalleled and vast civilization of the Buddhist Sect was still being passed on. God knew how many scriptures, how many layers of history, how many comprehensions of the bigwigs, how many stories of sorrow and joy …

As Gu Chensha received the impact, he did not feel any joy or sorrow. He circulated the Heavenly Dao Technique with all his might, just like a wise spectator, watching the rise and fall of the Buddhist Sect and the principles.

There was the history of the fight between the bigwigs of the Buddhist Sect and the demons. There was the experience of the Supreme Buddha subduing the demons and fighting with many experts. All of this was deeply engraved in his mind, just like his own experience.

This was especially so for the Supreme Buddha, who was born on the Primordial Mist Tree. The moment he opened his eyes, he broke away from the Primordial Mist Tree and became an independent existence.

The deep comprehension of the Primordial Mist Tree and the appearance of the Primordial Mist Tree, as well as all sorts of information surged in. In an instant, Gu Chensha's cultivation had reached its peak.

What he truly cared about were the things that the Supreme Buddha had comprehended from comprehending the Primordial Mist Tree. The secrets of the Primordial Mist Tree were what he truly needed.

At the same time, Chang Weiyang, Tai Xuandu, Ji Qingwu, Zhuge Ya, and Wen Hong all felt the impact of the Buddhist Sect's civilization. Their cultivation had already reached the Sage and Deity level, so their comprehension and capacity for tolerance were extremely great.

This was also Gu Chensha's calculations. Chang Weiyang had obtained the orthodoxy and civilization of the Buddhist Sect, so she had a higher chance of winning the battle against Dou Yiyu.

Gu Chensha's true body leaped out once again, tearing through the void and arriving in the dimensional realm. His body kept changing as he faced the five experts. "Everyone, help me. Let me accommodate the Buddhist Sect's civilization and deduce the profoundness of the Primordial Mist Tree, so that the World Tree can evolve once again." Rumble!

The five experts completely operated their cultivation bases and began to inject all their power into Gu Chensha's body, urging Gu Chensha's body to operate.

Gu Chensha's magic power operated faster and faster. The Buddhist Sect's civilization and the secrets of the Primordial Mist Tree were completely activated in his body. In a flash, his magic power turned into hundreds of millions of words. Each word was different, and they represented the fundamental secrets of heaven and earth.

The World Tree changed once again. Many chaotic vortexes appeared on the huge tree trunk, as if it had brought chaos to the human world.

The Taiyi Mystical Sect, the Universe Mystical Sect, the Heavenly Dance Mystical Sect, and the Small Divine Continent — the four Minor Chiliocosms began to transfer power to the World Tree itself. At the same time, the power of the Common People's Wish sphere in the dimensional realm was incomparably magnificent. The five major realms formed together, and the entire World Tree evolved into the Primordial Mist Tree according to Gu Chensha's comprehension.

Of course, the current World Tree was still far from the Primordial Mist Tree, but its power was much stronger than before. Kacha! As the World Tree evolved, Gu Chensha's magic power gathered together.

This gathering power was really strong. The moment it was formed, he used his own strength to rip space apart. The changes and obstructions in space could no longer trap him.

At this moment, he broke through and finally reached the 27 Transformations, the Seamless Two Worlds Realm.

At the same time, the 360 Common People's Generals that suppressed the world started to transform. This was also a crucial change.

The Common People's Generals were originally at the 26 Transformations of the Dao Realm, 10,000 Techniques Return to One. This realm was one step away from the 27 Transformations, but his strength had changed drastically. The 36 Transformations of the Dao Realm, every nine transformations was a huge leap. The 29 Transformations was the Glass Jade Body, which increased one's lifespan to 300 years. The 29 Transformations was the Great Dao Golden Core, which increased one's lifespan to 1,000 years.

The 39 Transformations was the Seamless Two Worlds Realm that Gu Chensha had cultivated. He tore open space and teleported.

Not only could this increase one's lifespan, but one's attack strength would also greatly increase. One would be able to enter many dangerous places and wouldn't be trapped by formations. One would also have many more escape methods.

Gu Chensha had accumulated a lot to break through to this realm. He pretended to be courteous with Dou Yiyu and then came to an agreement with the Buddhist Sect. Only then did he truly break through to this realm.

Once he broke through, the suppression ability of the Common People's Generals would increase by 10 times or even dozens of times.

Once the Common People's Generals broke through, their suppression ability would increase and the luck of the country would naturally become stronger.

Wuzhou Governor Han Wuqin was dealing with all sorts of documents. He had already reached the Dao Realm 11 Transformation Soul Tentacle Realm. He flipped through documents, observed things, and dealt with official matters with ease. Moreover, during these few days, he had many fortuitous encounters and had a few decent treasures on him. If they fought, even experts at the 14th or 15th Transformations wouldn't be able to kill him.

However, in the current turbulent situation, even though this kind of cultivation could obtain respect, it was still far from enough to rule over an entire province.

Fortunately, there was a young man and woman beside him. Both of them were elegant and handsome. The woman was his daughter, and the man was his son-in-law. His son-in-law's aura was vast and mighty, as if he was connected to the heavenly stars. Endless true essence of martial arts was transmitted down, giving off a feeling of transcendence and sainthood. This kid was actually the reincarnation of Xing Chen. He was the reincarnation of Wuqu Xing.

Back then, the person who reincarnated from Wu Qu Xing was a manservant in the Governor's Mansion. Gu Chensha, Jing Fanxing, Fa Wuxian, and the others had yet to compete for this position. Later on, Fa Wuxian brought this manservant away, but halfway through, he was taken away by Chang Weiyang and became a disciple of the Cosmos Mystic Gate. Gu Chensha took in Governor Han Wuqin's daughter as a disciple of Calming Celestial Department. The servant and the girl were a couple.

Now that the Universe Sect and Calming Celestial Department had formed an alliance, the reincarnation of Wuqu Xing's servant naturally followed Chang Weiyang's orders and came to assist the imperial court and his father-in-law.

Han Wuqin didn't oppose this matter. He knew that the servant's magic power was tyrannical and had already cultivated to the twenty transformations of impermanence magic power. How many years had it been?

However, since he was the reincarnation of Xing Chen and the reincarnation of Wuqu Xing, it wasn't strange for him to have such speed. Compared to the ordinary peerless geniuses, the reincarnation of Xing Chen had a rich destiny. Especially in this great era, treasures and fortuitous encounters were constantly being delivered to him.

During these days, other than his own fortuitous encounters, Han Wuqin had also obtained a lot of benefits from his son-in-law.

"Son-in-law, according to what you see, the current situation isn't optimistic."

Han Wuqin had already received the news that the Dharma Saint had cultivated a dimensional realm and was colluding with the Heavenly Devil Race. The next step was to take control of the entire aristocratic clan. The Wu Province was where the Wu Clan was located. If the Dharma Saint wanted to sweep through, he would first make a move on him, the governor.

"With internal and external troubles, it's indeed hard to hold on."

The reincarnation of Wuqu Xing's servant had already changed his name to Chang Wuqu. He nodded and said, "Father-in-law, don't worry. Now, the Taiyi Fantasy Sect, the Universe Sect, and the Heavenly Dance Fantasy Sect have formed an alliance with Calming Celestial Department. They are working with each other and have become a huge force. Even if the Dharma Saint wants to launch a rebellion, he has to think twice. Otherwise, even if he has great means, he will suffer a great loss and be taken advantage of by other giants."

Just as the father-in-law and son-in-law were talking, a violent spatial fluctuation spread out from the Governor's Mansion.