Chapter 338
===========

"Common People's Wish. Extinguish ambition. Protect the universe. Kill the traitors of the Dao."

Zhuge Ya, Gu Chensha, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, Lou Baiyue, Jin Suibo, and The Fourth worked together. Their cultivation base rose steadily.

Countless explosions rang out from within the Common People's Wish sphere. It was as if stars had exploded, the earth split, and the seas dried up. Half a year passed. Finally, everything quieted down.

"Time is silent. Flowers bloom and wilt."

A smile appeared on Zhuge Ya's face. "My plan with the previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, has finally paid off. The three Celestial Sovereigns and the North Star will devour each other. With the power of the Heavenly Demon Tome and the divine power of the Death Exemption Talisman, this Common People's Wish sphere has a pure origin spirit. Now that we've branded it with our imprints, we can control this treasure." Hum … The seven of them infused their soul imprints into the Common People's Wish sphere.

Sure enough, there was an extremely powerful origin spirit inside. It had the aura of the North Star, the three Celestial Sovereigns, and even the ancient Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, as well as the Heaven Talisman Emperor in the Death Exemption Talisman.

These auras combined to form a pure soul. It was like a newborn baby, without any thoughts. It needed someone to teach and nurture it. Gu Chensha and the others worked together to create the soul of the Common People's Wish sphere.

At this moment, the Common People's Wish sphere had become a completely new treasure. It was no longer a combination of three treasures. It was like a person changing from nineteen to twenty.

At this moment, the Milky Way Whirlpool that had enveloped the Ancient Dusty Sand Land for hundreds of miles had all disappeared. Once again, the picturesque scenery of castles, manors, rivers, lakes, towers, bridges, shops, streets, and so on was restored. There was no longer anything strange.

The Common People's Wish sphere had escaped into the space-time turbulence. It had become a true paradise.

Gu Chensha and the others were inside the Common People's Wish sphere. The huge space was like another world. There were mountains, rivers, flowers, and trees. It was as if they were in the Primordial Era. In the sky, there was even a huge sun shining down on the world.

The Great Sun was the soul of the Common People's Wish sphere. Within the Great Sun, there were seven indistinct figures. They were the soul imprints of Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, The Fourth, Vermillion Bird, Black Tortoise, and Jin Suibo. The seven of them held this unparalleled magic treasure together.

"We finally succeeded. Even if experts above Dao Realm Transformation 30 come, they won't be able to do anything to us. If we hide within, we will be perfectly safe."

Zhuge Ya laughed heartily. "From now on, our Celestial Tranquility Department's resources will be on par with any of the seventy-two arcane gates of the immortal dao. We won't be inferior to any of the Sage Clans either."

"When this treasure was first refined, there were many mysteries. It was equivalent to a small world." Lou Baiyue looked around. "But if we want to use all of its power, it still won't be enough."

"That's only natural. Our cultivation levels are still low. You must know that the Book of Heavenly Demons is a treasure written and refined by many demon sages. Only by cultivating to the level of a sage can we unleash its full power," Zhuge Ya said. "However, this is still not an ideal Dharma treasure. It will be difficult to deal with the future.

I need to find the treasures left behind by Jiang Gongwang and merge them into this sphere. Then, I'll merge the Peerless Sky Book and Eternal Sky Book into it to increase its strength. "

"I obtained the memories of North Star, Lord of Seven Stars Jiang Gongwang, and the three Celestial Venerables. If I cultivate in this country, in just a few years, I'll be able to grow." The Black Tortoise was delighted. It might have been the luckiest Black Tortoise in history.

"If my guess is correct, there's an Azure Dragon in the Black Heaven Earth Gate. Or maybe there's an unhatched Azure Dragon egg, and the Second Prince has a White Tiger egg."

Zhuge Ya said, "After obtaining these two eggs and hatching them, the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, and North Star can be gathered in this Common People's Wish sphere. The laws are complete. " "Mister Zhuge will be in charge of everything. Common People's Divine Generals, come out."

With a thought from Gu Chensha, 360 Common People's Divine Generals appeared inside the Common People's Wish sphere.

These Common People's Divine Generals were like ancient gods. They had vertical eyes on their foreheads, and they held three-pointed, double-edged blades. Their armor glowed with auspicious light. It had been greatly improved.

"These Common People's Divine Generals have changed so much. All of them have reached the Seventeenth Transformation of the Dao Realm. They're just one step away from forming a Golden Core of the Great Dao." Gu Chensha was shocked to discover this.

"They will be able to reach the Golden Core of the Great Dao Realm soon."

Zhuge Ya said, "They are already inseparable from the Common People's Wish sphere. This sphere is their mother, and when the mother level up, they will naturally level up too. In the future, planting and cultivation will be done in the world inside the sphere. The land inside is true Spiritual Land and Celestial Land. No matter what kind of Spiritual Herbs you plant or what kind of Spiritual Beasts you feed, it will be thousands of times better than outside."

Gu Chensha had long discovered that the sphere inside the Common People's Wish sphere was split into three regions. One was the Chaotic World, which was formed by the Heaven Demon Book. The second region was formed by the Buzhou Palace, which was a giant pool. Flames, ice crystals, and other energies flowed inside. As long as one threw materials in, they could create decent treasures and pills.

The third region was formed by the Dragon Gate, which was also a tall door. Within the door, golden light shone, and it could raise one's talent. If a normal person entered the door, they would become a genius after coming out.

However, this door's transformation was not limitless. Roughly one person could be transformed into a genius every month, and that was already very shocking.

Gu Tanjian had relied on the power of the Ancient Dragon Nourishing Pill to turn people into geniuses. Once the pill was gone, he would be powerless.

And now, the Common People's Wish sphere was absorbing many mysterious energies in the world, combining and decomposing them into an endless stream of Dragon Nourishing Qi that could raise the talent of all living beings.

In the future, this sphere in the chaotic flows of time and space could become the foundation of the Calming Immortal Department. It could continuously produce all kinds of Spiritual Herbs, weapons, and armor.

Only today did the Calming Immortal Department truly have the capital to match the Heavenly Designer Department. The Heavenly Designer Department did not have such a powerful treasure.

"From now on, the Calming Immortal Department's tax revenue from the Immortal Dao will be refined by the Common People's Wish sphere, and its value will increase by at least tenfold. Even without the tax revenue from the Immortal Dao, we can rely on this sphere to continuously extract energy from various dimensions, and then use the Grand Massacre God Magic to combine it into matter. That way, we can create an endless supply of treasures." Gu Chensha understood the situation, and was very satisfied.

"It's best not to create this sphere on a large scale, because it consumes a lot of energy. The most important thing is to accumulate energy, transform it, and reach a higher realm."

Zhuge Ya said, "Right now, we can only plunder all kinds of natural materials and treasures from the outside world, and set up grand formations in the depths of the sphere to increase its power. We can't let the sphere do its work." "That's right," Zhuge Ya said. "Besides, we don't lack resources anymore."

Lou Baiyue knew about this. "Oh, right. Chensha, you obtained the Banishing Immortal Talisman and schemed against the three Celestials. You'll have to be careful of their counterattack." "I'll be careful."

Gu Chensha said, "Now that the sphere has been successfully condensed, I'm afraid that our Crown Prince will come and borrow the power of the sphere to increase his cultivation base, attempting to reach the 22 Days of the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth."

"It's fine. This is what I promised him. And even if I help him ascend, there are benefits to it. I can collect this person's information and secrets, and from there, obtain information about the White Tiger egg."

Zhuge Ya smiled coldly. "As a pawn of the three Celestials, the second prince's value is far from being squeezed dry." "Mister Zhuge, you want to let the second prince go clean?" The Fourth laughed.

"No, I'm helping him break free from the three Celestials' shackles. That's what he thinks too."

Zhuge Ya waved his hand. "He definitely won't be willing to be a pawn of the three Celestials. And now, he thinks that the world is his. He also wants to unify the Immortal Dao, and become the number one Great Emperor in history." "Now that I've done what I wanted to do, I'd better return to the Demon Realm of the Sin Province."

Gu Chensha looked at the sphere. It was a treasure he had painstakingly refined, and now it was connected to his flesh and blood. "This sphere can already break through space-time and transmit its power down, making up for the Touch of Ghosts and Gods in the Sin Province. At the most crucial moment, this sphere can even descend into the Demon Realm and help me kill Demon Emperor-level experts." "This is the fastest way to ascend."

Zhuge Ya also agreed. "The Heavenly Demon Tree is a plunder method. It's the naked Primordial Demon Path, where the strong prey on the weak and plunder everything. There's no morality or etiquette."

"Then I'll head over now. My goal this time is to kill the Skull Ash Demon Emperor, and even lure out the Skull Black Demon Emperor to help me kill him."

With a thought, Gu Chensha actually appeared in the center of the Sin Province, above the Bottomless Sea of Sin, in the crown of the Heavenly Demon Tree. This was the ability to break through space-time and become seamless between two worlds. Back then, Grand Tutor Wen Hong had used this method to teleport him to the vicinity of his fief. And now, the Life's Wish sphere also had the ability to tear through space-time and teleport.

It could be said that if Gu Chensha and the others hid in the depths of the sphere, even God couldn't do anything to them.

At this moment, the tree that was the Touch of Ghosts and Gods was becoming more and more dazzling. Under the absorption of its roots, all the demonic herbs withered and turned into its own nutrients. The demonic energy in the sky gradually thinned, and the earth stopped hatching. It seemed that it wouldn't be long before the area around the Sea of Sin would be revitalized again. Zhuge Ya's incarnation was still sitting on it, but Liu Yu and the others were gone.

"They went to the Demon Realm deep in the seal to fight?" asked Gu Chensha.

"That's right. The Demon Realm is the best opportunity for the five of them to train. Their cultivation has improved extremely fast in the past six months, and they've already cultivated to the 17th change," said Zhuge Ya's incarnation.