Chapter 872
===========

One Second to Remember 09, providing you with exciting reading. Chapter 869: Forming a Net

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha was in despair, but a battleship suddenly appeared in his sea of consciousness. In an instant, endless information was transmitted to the depths of his soul, allowing him to understand the supreme power of the battleship.

"Hahahaha, it's the crystallization of the highest wisdom of the prehistoric civilization. Now it's all in my sea of consciousness, allowing my cultivation to soar. I've grasped a civilization. There's always a way out."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha was overjoyed. He only felt the battleship in his mind move a little bit, and it sent out endless power. As the power changed, it moved violently and created an incredible change.

His cultivation broke through layer by layer in an instant, reaching the Heavenly Venerable Realm and then the Heavenly Longevity Realm. It was a realm that countless people dreamed of, but he broke through so easily. This was a miracle, something that defied the heavens. Whoosh!

His body flickered, and in the blink of an eye, he passed through the sealing mark and left the Crown Prince Palace.

"Gu Chensha, Gu Xuansha, Lou Baiyue, everyone, wait for me. When I'm completely familiar with the power of the battleship, it'll be your time of death. The prehistoric civilization is an existence that can challenge the heavens. In addition, the power of this battleship surpassed the Heaven Realm when it was at its peak."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha's voice was filled with overwhelming hatred. "After I capture you, I'll grind your bones to ashes. No, that's too easy for you. After I suppress you, I'll make you reincarnate again and again. You'll beg for death, but you won't be able to. I'll let you enjoy endless pain for my pleasure." Crown Prince Gu Xuansha disappeared. He hid and was ready to make a comeback at any time.

As he disappeared, Gu Chensha, who was in the Dragonless Gourd, smiled. "There's indeed a deep meaning." "What's the matter?" asked Lou Baiyue.

Although Lou Baiyue had become a Celestial Venerable and activated the mysterious Origin in his body, his strength was almost invincible. However, he was still a little weaker than Gu Chensha, who had also become a Celestial Venerable.

"I'm talking about Crown Prince Gu Xuansha. He's escaped," said Gu Chensha.

"How is that possible? I set up a seal. How could he have escaped? Even the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha couldn't help him." Lou Baiyue's mind moved. "He really escaped. Did Gu Xuansha have a fortuitous encounter?"

"Of course. He obtained the Prehistoric civilization's battleship and the One God System. His power increased too much for us to control, so he escaped."

Father made him the Crown Prince. The Prehistoric civilization's battleship and the One God System chose him. With the battleship and the One God System, he will become a super giant in the future. "

Gu Chensha seemed to have a card up his sleeve. "This guy has been suppressed by us to the point that he's extremely angry and hysterical. Next, he will launch a series of revenge methods. However, his first target will definitely not be us because the system already knows how powerful I am. It will definitely not allow the Ancient Mystical Sand to fight us head-on. So, he must be looking for a pushover.

For example, to find Gu Tiansha or to kill the Heavenly Kings. Then, we can develop calmly and watch the tigers fight. We can make the best preparations for the real disaster. " "The 36 years of the Heavenly Talisman are up. The real disaster has begun. Do you feel anything? Many things in the world have changed, "Lou Baiyue asked Gu Chensha.

"I felt it a long time ago. The Heavenly Dao's restraint on the worlds has been reduced to the extreme!

In other words, many of the previous cultivation rules will be overturned. Many cultivation barriers will become extremely easy. For example, the Dao Realm. It was difficult for people to break through in the past, but now it's almost simple. In addition, the Golden Core Realm, the Spiritual Power Realm, the 23 Changes Reflecting the Past, the God Realm, the Sage Realm, and even the Heavenly Lord Realm, the Heavenly Life Realm, and the Heavenly Origin Realm will be easy to break through. [0↑ 9 △ Small ↓ Say △ Net] .09

If I'm not wrong, there will soon be giants reaching the Heavenly Origin Realm. In addition, Heavenly Lord Realm masters will also be born. They will not be as few as before. "

Gu Chensha secretly calculated the Heavenly Dao and found that all the changes in the Heavenly Dao seemed to be hidden. There was almost no monitoring of the worlds' space-time. The moment he became a Heavenly Lord, the Heavenly Dao seemed to have disappeared.

It was like a court. Suddenly, all the armies, bureaucrats, constables, and government offices disappeared. The world suddenly lost its restraint and order. What would happen to the world?

The result was simple. The world would be thrown into chaos. Flames of war could be seen everywhere, and no one would know how many people would become emperors or kings.

It was the same now. The Heavenly Dao had lost its order, and the world was no longer under supervision. Countless people with hidden ambitions would rise up. In fact, many people in the Divine Prefecture would cultivate to a very high level, and they would have the ambition to seize power. Gu Chensha had to suppress the internal conflicts.

The Central Plains Divine Prefecture, even the Yongchō, had never been a monolithic entity. People's hearts changed, and not even the Heavenly Dao could control them. Naturally, Gu Chensha would not be able to completely control them.

Of course, as his power increased, the world was changing. Furthermore, he did not want to control the hearts of people. He wanted to be a pioneer. He wanted to create an era that had never existed before, an era where humans could control the Heavenly Dao. In addition, he wanted to break through the restraints of the Heavenly Dao and expand the world without limit. This was what his Dragonless Heart Sutra was trying to do.

"The Heavenly Dao isn't completely gone," he said. "On the contrary, it gave up on supervising the myriad worlds in order to rein in its power and deliver a fatal blow to me, or perhaps to my father.

Gu Chensha continued, "In that case, I have to be very careful. Once the Heavenly Dao makes its move, it won't give me a chance to survive. I'm not strong enough to fight the Heavenly Dao. I need to advance my cultivation, and gain enlightenment of the dao of deathless and indestructible.

"It's too bad that the battleship and the One God System got away," she said. "If we could refine them into the Dragonless Gourd, the situation would have changed, and we would have been able to fight the Emperor Of Heaven. If the Heavenly Dao reins in its power to attack us, then it will have to rely on the Emperor Of Heaven."

Lou Baiyue said, "However, I've searched everywhere. I've searched everyone in the Calming Immortal Department, but I couldn't find the Emperor Of Heaven or the other Heavenly Kings.

As for Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, Jing Qiu, and Gu Huo, they seem to have disappeared. Xuan Xin has also gone into hiding. Great Burning Heavenly King, and Gu Tiansha are also hiding somewhere. "

"Of course you can't find them, because these people have left the Imperial Court. They know that once I become a Heavenly Venerable, I won't be able to hide, so they left first."

Gu Chensha said, "They are now gathered in a mysterious place, planning and waiting for the right time. Or rather, waiting for our Imperial Court to have internal strife."

"Why would we have internal strife?" Longevity God asked doubtfully, "Our current strength is extremely tyrannical.

The three hundred and sixty common people's generals have finally become Heavenly Venerables, suppressing the world. Any ambitious people will be suppressed to the point that they don't dare to have any ideas. "

"People's hearts will change, forever hard to fathom. Now that the Heavenly Dao has lost its supervision, cultivation has become extremely easy, especially breaking through realms.

Think about it, in the future, many experts will obtain fortuitous encounters and cultivate to the God Realm, Sage Realm, and even Heavenly Venerable.

Then their hearts will definitely change, and as their cultivation increases, so will their ambitions. Think about it, if there are thousands of Heavenly Venerables, tens of thousands of Heavenly Venerables, how will we manage them? But we can't suppress their advancement, so we will walk the same path as the Heavenly Dao. "Gu Chensha frowned," This is indeed a big problem. "

"The Heavenly Dao has lost its supervision, shrinking its strength, in fact, it is handing the problem to us."

Lou Baiyue said, "But as long as we become stronger, we can still lead the world, lest there be unpredictable changes in the world." "I also have some plans for this matter. Let's sweep away the unstable factors first. I must collect the Four Desolates, all of them into the Dragonless Gourd. "

Gu Chensha said, "Once the Four Desolates are collected, the Divine Prefecture will be isolated. Once the Divine Prefecture is isolated, wanting to transform into the future Heavenly Court is almost impossible.

Now, my true body is suppressed in the Dragonless Gourd, and the Dragonless Gourd hangs in the sky of the Divine Prefecture, suppressing the changes at any time, and then activating its power to collect the Four Desolates.

I obtained almost 99% of the knowledge and wisdom of the prehistoric civilization, and combined it with my Dragonless Heart Sutra to advance to Heavenly Venerable, I came up with this grand plan. After I collect the Four Desolates, I will collect the Divine Prefecture, all of them fusing into my Dragonless Gourd. This way, I will see how the ancient Heavenly Court will advance, and how the Emperor Heaven will appear. But collecting the Four Desolates is a big project, and I have to make arrangements. "

As he spoke, Gu Chensha sat cross-legged in the Dragonless Gourd, sending out streams of power into the depths of the Four Desolates, as if he were spinning a spider's web. Once the web was finished, he would capture the Four Desolates in one fell swoop.

Gu Changjian, Xuan Xin, Jing Qiu, and Gu Huo had only obtained the recognition of the Heart of the Four Wastelands. They were able to obtain the power of the Four Wastelands, which was why they looked very powerful. However, they had only obtained the recognition. They were like officials who had obtained the power bestowed by the emperor, and could be taken back at any time.

But now, Gu Chensha was going to collect the true forms of the Four Desolates, which was beyond the Heavenly Primal stage.

Gu Chensha's true form sat there, gathering the Four Desolates. An energy current rushed out of his body, which transformed into a new version of himself. "After I became a Heavenly Venerable, I sensed the existence of other Endless Treasures! Did you think you could hide them from my calculations?

Even if it's the Heavenly Dao, there will always be a time when a hundred secrets slip up. I will gather all thirty-six treasures, open the gate to the Heavenly Realm, and obtain the Heavenly Emperor's throne. At that time, I don't believe that the Heavenly Emperor won't come out. " Mobile users, please visit M. Read for a better reading experience.