Chapter 267
===========

"When the talisman flew away, I felt that father's words were still suppressing the power within the talisman. The two of them were changing and it seemed like there was an unbelievable change."

Gu Chensha exhaled deeply and circulated his strength. He realized that not only did it not disappear, but it actually improved when he was resisting the backlash of the heavens. It was just that he couldn't do it anymore. Moreover, his path of cultivating the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique was also blocked.

He had now cultivated the Sun Moon Refining, Sun Moon Transformation, Sun Moon Annihilation, Sun Moon Dragon, Sun Moon Talisman, and Sun Moon Sacrifice.

Legend had it that after the talisman left Emperor Gu and searched for a lower Emperor, that Emperor Gu's memories of the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique would disappear.

This was why there were no records of the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique in the tombs of the Emperor.

Now, in the depths of Gu Chensha's mind, the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique was still etched in it. Lou Baiyue also remembered it.

Actually, in the ancient records, even if the Emperor obtained it, he couldn't pass it down to others. If he did, he would face a calamity and the person who was passed it would suffer even more.

However, all this was changed by Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue. Of course, this was the plan of the Heaven Talisman Emperor.

"You have to be more careful in the future after losing the talisman. In the past, when we faced danger, we could enter it with just a thought. Even gods wouldn't be able to find us. Now that we face experts, it won't be so convenient anymore." Lou Baiyue warned.

"It is okay, this is also a training for us. Without the Sun Moon Altar, we can still roam the world.

I am a top talent now and the Common People Heaven Mending Technique is close to completion after dozens of deductions. Moreover, we don't need this talisman to cultivate anymore. "

Gu Chensha naturally knew how amazing it was. Luckily, he was prepared and didn't use the talisman for a long time. This could be said to be preparing for a rainy day.

"Our top priority right now is to find out who the Heaven Sacrificial Decree will fall into. This is the biggest variable."

Lou Baiyue said, "The good thing is that you still have the Son of Heaven's God Bestowment Art, so you can use all kinds of transformations to your heart's content. This is the greatest advantage, and also the area where the Heavenly Dao couldn't defeat His Majesty. We can use the Son of Heaven's God Bestowment Art to sense the location of the Heavenly Talismans." "It's possible."

Gu Chensha used Sun-Moon Refinement, Sun-Moon Transformation, Sun-Moon Annihilation, Sun-Moon Dragons, Sun-Moon Talismans, Sun-Moon Sacrificial Rite, and all sorts of other miraculous magics, all of which had never happened before. "Right now, we have two things to do. First, we need to see who has the Heaven-Sacrifice Talisman. Second, we need to see what the reincarnated Xing Chen will do. Just now, when the Heaven-Sacrifice Talisman went berserk, the Heaven-Dao was flawed. Although we were in a very dangerous situation, and almost died, the Heavenly Dao was agitated, and we found a flaw. How about you? How do you feel? " "Me too."

Lou Baiyue's hands moved, and instantly, astral energy surged out of her body, forming a huge picture in front of her. This picture was actually the Great Yongchō's Divine Land.

Without thinking, Gu Chensha's Xiantian astral energy also surged out, forming a star picture, exactly the same as the nebula in the sky.

Back when he was recruiting Baoyu Country, he had secretly studied the power of the stars, and when he fought with Tai Mang Di, he used the "Astral World Transformation" that he had comprehended.

In fact, all the sects and clans used the power of the stars to gather energy, refine their bodies, cultivate their Yuan Shen, and build formations.

After fighting with Tai Mang Di, they discussed for several days and learned many things. Later on, he obtained the 28 Mansions Fiend Transformation from the Book of Heavenly Demon, and finally had some small success in comprehending the stars. After that, he and Lou Baiyue comprehended it again, and then went to find Grand Tutor Wen Hong, obtaining the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art and other understanding of the dao. Then, he cultivated again, using the Yuan Shen of the Black Heaven Earth Sect hidden in the Azure Dragon Divine Wood to sacrifice the Heavenly Dao and calculate the Common People Heaven Mending Art.

After this series of cultivation, his understanding of the stars was no less than many of the old antiques.

At this time, he and Lou Baiyue worked together, one using astral energy to form the mountains and rivers of the divine land, the other turning into a star picture, and they worked together.

All of a sudden, the star picture trembled, and heaven and earth shook. Countless stars fell to the ground, almost recreating the disaster from that day. Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue worked together, playing out the moment when the Fiend Star descended.

Just like this, the two repeatedly practiced, again and again, practicing over a thousand times. Suddenly, a bright light appeared in a prefecture in the divine land, flickering slightly and then immediately vanishing.

"This is Lang Prefecture." Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue said at the same time. "There's also a reincarnated Xing Chen."

Then, the two used the Son of Heaven God Sealing Art and the Great Massacre God Art again in an attempt to find the whereabouts of the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. This time, there was no result.

"It seems that our cultivation is not enough to calculate the whereabouts of the Heaven Sacrificial Decree." Lou Baiyue's expression was very unsightly.

"I'm going to Lang Prefecture to find the reincarnated Xing Chen. This time, I must bring him into the Calming Immortal Department." There was no worry in Gu Chensha's eyes, only great confidence.

The departure of the Heaven Sacrificial Decree made him feel much more relaxed. From now on, he felt like a bird flying in the sky, a fish swimming in the sea.

The talisman had helped him a lot in the early days, but now that he had his own path, the talisman was a burden to his soul. It was better for it to fly away. He didn't lack cultivation methods or treasures. He called out to Lou Baiyue and took to the skies, heading straight for Langzhou. At the same time, Qingyao landed on a tall mountain in the Boorish Wastes. She flicked her finger, and Jing Fanxing, Jian Chengkong, and Xiao Wujin all descended.

"Damn it!"

Jing Fanxing's body exploded with great power, and his resentment soared to the sky. "I'm going to kill Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue, those b * tches. All my treasures and pills were taken by them!"

Jian Chengkong and Xiao Wujin's expressions were extremely ugly. They were so angry that their faces had turned black. This was a great humiliation to them, and they had suffered great losses. Not only had they been imprisoned, but everything of value had also been taken away.

The treasures they had painstakingly cultivated and the pills and talismans their sects had given them were all gone. Apart from their clothes, they were practically naked.

Jing Fanxing, in particular, was a core disciple of the Black Heaven Earth Gate. He was one of the higher-ups of the sect, and the resources he received were far beyond what ordinary disciples could compare to. He had many treasures that had been given to him by the higher-ups of the sect, but now they belonged to the Bureau of Calmness.

"Even your North and South Dipper Soul Protection Pearls were taken away?"

Qingyao looked it over. "This was personally refined by the Sect Leader. It uses the Constellation Pearl Formation as its foundation, and incorporates the life power of the South Dipper and the death power of the North Dipper.

The Yin and Yang of Life and Death protects the nascent spirit. With this pearl, you won't have to worry about someone stronger than you stealing your soul and nascent spirit.

In addition, this treasure can protect your nascent spirit. Even if your physical body collapses and you reincarnate, your soul won't be harmed. This treasure will be a great opportunity for you in the future. Don't lose it. " "I didn't lose it."

Jing Fanxing's eyebrows twitched, and a black and white Taiji bead emerged from his ancestral aperture. It spun and released the starlight of life and death. "This treasure is very mysterious. It has already fused with my nascent spirit, so that bitch couple didn't discover it." "Elder Qingyao."

Jian Chengkong and Xiao Wujin respected Qingyao very much. "Why didn't the sect destroy the Bureau of Calmness in one fell swoop? Instead, they gave us the Azure Dragon Divine Wood?

That Azure Dragon Divine Wood ah, even for those above the Twenty Transformations, it's a rare cultivation treasure. It's such a pity to give it to that slut couple. "

"Whether the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is in seclusion or has completely disappeared, no one dares to act rashly." Qingyao waved her hand. "You didn't come out empty-handed. At least you attacked the Bureau of Calmness.

If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor didn't come out, how could you let them get the Azure Dragon Divine Wood so easily? The sect leader has his own plans. As long as they refine it, they'll be beyond redemption. " "We will follow the lead of the Black Heaven and Earth Sect." Jian Chengkong and Xiao Wujin said.

"Very good. The three of you continue to act and cause chaos in the world." Qingyao said, "Especially you, Jing Fanxing. Don't be discouraged by this."

"I will take revenge and cultivate my skills. I will kill that bitch couple and Wen Hong!" Jing Fanxing still didn't know that it was Gu Chensha who had captured them. He thought it was Wen Hong's incarnation.

With his eighteen transformations Dao Realm Golden Core cultivation, he didn't believe that he wouldn't be able to fight back against Gu Chensha.

"The three of you will assist Wu Dangkong," Qingyao said. "Wu Dangkong's identity is a little mysterious. I can't explain it now.

But if you assist her, you can disrupt the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's plans. You will be favored by the world and your cultivation will be smooth sailing. You will have many fortuitous encounters. Don't think that the world is useless. If you participate in the world, you will be able to obtain the Heavenly Dao's fate. " "Thank you." The three of them lowered their heads.

"Also, you have to be careful of Gu Tanjian."

Qingyao's expression was solemn. "This person's cultivation isn't much, but he has many mysterious powers supporting him.

Everyone in the immortal dao guesses that he has the support of The Great Spirit God, but that's not the case. I'm afraid there is someone even stronger and more terrifying than The Great Spirit God. " "I still can't see what this kid wants," Jing Fanxing said.

"He wants to control the world and become the emperor."

Qingyao knew. "It's very possible that The Great Spirit God and the stronger existence behind him have comprehended the Emperor's Energy that only the Heavenly Dao can use." "Did that dog of an emperor Gu Taxian comprehend it as well?" Jing Fanxing's gaze was dark.

"It's very possible."

Qingyao waved her hand. "But this isn't something you guys can manage. You guys are going to support Wu Dang Kong on one hand and play along with Gu Zhan Jian on the other. Figure out his true strength, got it?"