Chapter 820
===========

One Second Remember 09, to provide you with exciting reading. Chapter 817: The Situation Spiraling Out of Control

"Now that I've defeated the Demon Race's temporary alliance, the world will have peace for at least a year, and the quality of life will improve many times over. Not counting the hundreds of billions of people in the Fen Dynasty, our overall population is close to 40 billion. In the final phase of the 36 years of the Heavenly Talisman, everyone must achieve superior aptitude, and then 20% will become geniuses. And the number of natural born Saints will exceed tens of thousands. [0↑ 9 △ Small ↓ Say △ Net .09 】”

Gu Chensha secretly observed the world, and he already had some understanding of the upcoming great calamity.

There were still about ten months until the 36 years of the Heavenly Talisman. At that time, the population would be 40 billion, and if 20% became geniuses, there would be billions of geniuses. Coupled with the tens of thousands of natural born Saints, it would be an enormous number. No dynasty or empire could have so many geniuses.

In truth, the fate of an empire depended not on the number of people, but on the quality of the population.

In history, many empires with large populations were completely conquered by empires with smaller populations by ten times, or even dozens of times. Such examples could be found everywhere. In terms of military strength, the weak triumphed over the strong. There were many examples of a few thousand soldiers defeating an army of hundreds of thousands.

According to Gu Chensha's idea, if the world could complete this transformation, then the purity and quantity of the sacrificial power would increase to a terrifying level.

He could use this power to complete many of his cultivation, because the sacrificial power of the people could extract substances that could not be extracted from the primal chaos.

In this way, he would not even need to devour the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, to push his strength to the Celestial Lord realm.

Because he controlled the Divine Central Continent, he was now the only ruler of the Divine Central Continent to the living beings and people of the Divine Central Continent. Naturally, he could enjoy the great fortune of the Divine Central Continent. In the future, the Divine Central Continent would be the Heavenly Court.

Gu Chensha now controlled the Divine Central Continent. In a sense, he was already preparing to fight for the position of Emperor Of Heaven in the future. He was confident that no one could run the Divine Central Continent better than he could.

Seeing countless people and experts rush into the Demon Realm and begin to slaughter the demons, Gu Chensha nodded and left.

The Devil Race would definitely make a comeback. The next time they gathered, it would be even bigger. Moreover, not only the Devil Race, but the Monster Race would also appear. Even Gu Chensha had to be prepared for this.

"If I become a Heavenly Venerate now, I can directly destroy many alliances."

Gu Chensha calculated for a moment and suddenly looked at Mo Huang. A smile appeared on his face. "Jing Qiu, the reincarnation of the Endless River, and Jing Fanxing, the Innocuous Heavenly King. Jing Qiu has finally obtained the Heart of Mo Huang and the power of the Boundless World. His strength is already very strong, but he hasn't achieved anything yet. Now is the time to plunder." His body flashed.

In the next moment, they arrived at the center of the desert, in the central temple of the Holy Sama Empire. At this time, Jing Qiu had yet to recover from Gu Chensha's attack. Gu Chensha had already appeared in front of him.

"Gu Chensha, you actually came."

There was absolute understanding in Jing Qiu's eyes. He seemed to have made up his mind. "Are you here to destroy my empire, take my Boundless River, and obtain the Source of Innocuous Heavenly King?" "That depends on whether you can adapt to the circumstances."

Gu Chensha looked at Jing Fanxing, who was curled up in the corner, and couldn't help but shake his head, "This kid's fate is to be harvested. If I don't harvest him, he will be harvested by his own people.

Jing Qiu, I won't kill you. However, if you submit to my Calming Immortal Department, I can confer you the title of King, the King of the Desert.

However, the faith of the Holy Sama Empire must change. Believe in the principles of our Calming Immortal Department. How about that? That way, you can enjoy power forever. [Zero ↑ Nine △ Small ↓ Say △ Net .09 】”

"If the Holy Samar Empire does not believe in me, is it still an empire? What's the point of me ruling the entire empire? "

Jing Qiu's expression didn't change. "Gu Chensha, your Calming Immortal Department can be tyrannical for a while, but when the Emperor Of Heaven descends, he will truly restrain you. When that time comes, your destiny will greatly decline. Moreover, everything you do now will be a wedding dress for the Emperor Of Heaven.

"Placing your hopes on the illusory Emperor Of Heaven, Jing Qiu, you are a pragmatic person. How could you be so stupid?

Moreover, you may not be loyal to the Emperor Of Heaven. I think your idea is to devour them one by one. After devouring Jing Fanxing's Origin of the Innocuous Heavenly King, you want to devour the other Heavenly Kings. In the future, if you devour the Nine Heavenly Kings and reach an inconceivable realm, you can devour the Emperor Of Heaven and sit on the throne of Emperor Of Heaven. It's good to have ambition, but too much ambition doesn't match your strength. That's a troublesome thing. "

Gu Chensha said slowly, "There's one more thing. Do you think that if you don't surrender now, you can escape my attack?" "Of course."

Jing Qiu said slowly, "You used the Emperor Of Heaven's Wrath to defeat the demons. Such a powerful attack consumes too much energy. It can't be used for long. If you could attack continuously, the world would have been yours long ago. I'm sure that you won't be able to use such great power again.

I'm now united with Desolation. Not only do I use the Endless River to stimulate Desolation's vitality, but I also use the Innocuous Heavenly King's destiny to nourish Desolation. If you want to suppress me by force, it's not impossible. But do you think that I don't have a way to take you down with me? " "Take you down with me?"

Gu Chensha looked at Jing Qiu for a long time, then smiled. "Jing Qiu, you really have a trick up your sleeve. If I push you too hard, you'll use your Innocuous Heavenly King's Origin as a sacrifice to Desolation's Heart, and then cause all of Desolation to self-destruct and be completely destroyed. In that case, it will definitely affect the Divine Central Continent, causing great damage to the Divine Central Continent and destroying the destiny of our dynasty, right?" "As expected of the Head of the Department of Tranquility, you even know my last resort."

Jing Qiu's face remained expressionless. "If I didn't have a trick up my sleeve when fighting with you, I would have ended up like Jing Fanxing long ago. My trick can't hurt you, but it will cause serious damage to the balance of the Divine Central Continent. You should be able to consider the consequences." Self-destructing Desolation. This was Jing Qiu's method of taking him down with him.

Desolation belonged to the Vast Thousand Domains, and it had been closely linked to the Divine Central Continent since ancient times. The Four Wilds could be said to be the four guards of the Divine Central Continent. If any one of them were lost, the Divine Central Continent would suffer great damage, and it would take hundreds of years for it to recover.

Jing Qiu originally could not control Desolation, but things were different now. By using the Innocuous Heavenly King's Origin as a sacrifice, he could use Desolation to threaten the Divine Central Continent.

Of course, after self-destructing Desolation, he would certainly die in it, but there was no other way. Otherwise, he would not have been able to threaten the Department of Tranquility and Gu Chensha.

"In truth, Patriarch Heaven and Earth and the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth are doing the same thing. They have already secretly taken control of the Eastern Wastelands Heart, and you can't interfere at all. Aside from that, even the Wildlands Heart is being plotted against by some old fogeys, and it will be difficult for you to continue.

As for the Desolate Sea Heart, it has fallen into the hands of one person. Although you control the Divine Central Continent, it is only an empty shell. "

Jing Qiu said, "And even if it is the Divine Central Continent, you only control the common people of the Divine Central Continent. There is no way you can control the Divine Central Continent's Essence and Heart. Aside from that, the Divine Central Continent's Heart will eventually fall into the hands of Emperor Heaven. Do you know that?" "Jing Qiu, it seems like you know a lot of things."

Gu Chensha said, "I have been too busy recently. I had to deal with The Great Spirit God entering the Untainted Dragon Gate, deal with the Grand Burning King, save Chang Weiyang, search for the Emperor Heaven, defeat the Devil Race, and then deal with you. I have delayed a few important matters. Indeed, the Four Wilds' Hearts are extremely important. Patriarch Heaven and Earth has the Eastern Wastelands Heart, you have the Desolate Desert Heart, and someone else has already secretly taken control of the Wildlands Heart and the Desolate Sea Heart. If the Emperor Heaven comes out and takes control of the Divine Central Continent, any rule I have will become an empty shell, right?"

"That's right. On the surface, you have ruled over the Divine Central Continent and sent your power into the Four Wilds, but if the Essences of the Four Wilds refuse to acknowledge you and reject you, you and your people will be rejected by the Essences of the world. What good will that be?"

Jing Qiu became carefree. "Countless people think that your Department of Calming Immortals is mighty now, but to those who have truly reached my level, it is actually as dangerous as a pile of eggs. As long as the Emperor Heaven comes out and takes control of the Divine Central Continent, your Department of Calming Immortals will immediately fall apart.

"In truth, there is one more thing. If you oppress me now, the other Essences of Arid Triad will come to support you. Gu Chensha, no matter how strong you are, it is impossible for you to fight against the Essences of Arid Triad alone, right?" "You seem to have a point."

Gu Chensha nodded, but his tone suddenly changed. "That's a good thing. If there's no challenge, then I'll find it boring. I'm the ruler of heaven and earth, and I've changed the will of heaven. It wouldn't be normal if everything was smooth sailing.

"Also, Jing Qiu, you said something about dying together with us. You sounded so logical, which made me think that you were really someone who would sacrifice yourself for justice.

"But I know that you won't self-destruct, and you won't give up on your life either. That's why I have no qualms about capturing you and refining you. Besides, even if you self-destruct, you will only damage the divine central continent. You won't be able to cause much damage to it, so why should I be afraid? That's why, kneel down! "

Gu Chensha moved casually, and a great power came crashing down on Jing Qiu, causing his entire body to creak. Even his Endless River, the Essence of Innocuous Heavenly King, and the power of Desolation's Heart could not withstand it. He was about to kneel down for real.

"Impossible! Impossible! How could you be so strong?!"

Jing Qiu was shocked. "Logically speaking, I should have been able to hold you off for days and nights, or even longer. How could I not be able to hold you off for even a moment?" "Mobile users, please visit M. Read for a better reading experience."