Chapter 904
===========

Gu Tiansha's heart was filled with regret, and he wanted nothing more than to crush Crown Prince Gu Xuansha to death.

Unfortunately, there was nothing he could do about it. Crown Prince Gu Xuansha had cut him in two. One was the essence of the Lord of the Sun and Moon, and the other was the dao of heaven and the boundless vital power of Gu Taxian. To Crown Prince Gu Xuansha, those two spheres of light were incredible.

Crown Prince Gu-Xuansha was practically salivating with desire. 'Incredible. Incredible. I have to absorb the essence of the Lord of the Sun and Moon, as well as your essence. Once I do, I'll definitely reach a higher level. Then I'll be able to fuse with the System of the One God and this battleship. That way, I'll have an eternally indestructible, undecaying, and undecaying body.

Even if I run into someone stronger in the future, they'll only be able to temporarily suppress me. They won't be able to destroy me. After all, I'm indestructible. '

"Let me go, Gu Xuansha, and I'll listen to you from now on. With me as your assistant, you'll progress even faster."

Within the two essences, Gu Tiansha's will was begging pitifully. He was still hoping for a glimmer of hope. "Why don't you take these essences, but you can keep my will. You can even turn me into a normal person. I don't want to disappear from this world.

Even when Gu Chensha fights his enemies, he strips them of their cultivation base and essence, turning them into ordinary people. He doesn't kill them. "

"Hahaha …" Gu Xuansha used his light and divine ability to envelop this source and laughed out loud, "Gu Xuansha, you're too naive. You want me to let you go? Let you make a comeback?

Gu Chensha was an idiot for doing this. If he did not kill his opponents, there would be many changes in the future. These people would recover their strength and then kill him. That was why he had to remove the roots when he was cutting weeds. Now that he had killed someone, there was no way for him to recover. He could not revive because the Heavenly Dao had lost control.

The advantage of losing the supervision of the Heavenly Way was that the speed of cultivation had become faster. However, the most detrimental aspect was that after people died, they could no longer be resurrected. In the past, after a Sage died, their imprints were still within the Heavenly Way. As long as there was enough sacrificial power, they could exchange for a chance to be resurrected from the Heavenly Way. But now, there was no such good thing anymore.

So, this time, Gu Tiansha, you better disappear completely. I won't leave you behind to make a comeback and cause trouble for me. " With that, Crown Prince Gu Xuansha increased the speed of his assimilation.

"Gu Xuansha, you won't have a good death!" Gu Tiansha cursed, "You're even more vicious than Gu Chensha, you won't have a good ending.

You still want to compete with Gu Chensha? With your breadth of mind, you can't compete with him at all. If I knew you were so vicious, I might as well rely on Gu Chensha. Even if I die, I can still obtain a good position. At least I don't have to die without knowing why. "

"This is your mistake. But you're quite stubborn. You still don't want to give up. Do you think you're still fated to survive this?"

Gu Xuansha moved his hands and countless rays of light gathered, trying to strip away Gu Tiansha's will. Gu Tiansha's will was gradually stripped away from the source.

"Look, this is your will. Without the two sources, you're no different from an ordinary person. Your will is also filled with greed, anger, and obsession. Evil things have filled the depths of your heart. You don't have anything special. I can crush you like an ant. But I really want to chat with you for a bit longer. Back then, you were so arrogant in front of me. You even made me kneel before you. But now, I'm standing in front of you." Gu Xuansha was very proud of himself. He clenched his fist and was about to crush Gu Tiansha to death.

But at this moment, a voice rang out, "Gu Tiansha, you've actually comprehended such a principle. Not bad, not bad.

Since you think I'm on the righteous path and have a will, that means you can still be saved. I'll save you this time. " Buzz … Gu Chensha appeared in the battleship. He waved his hand and Gu Tiansha's will was saved by him.

Following this, the body of an ordinary person appeared, and Gu Tiansha's will gathered within it. At that moment, Gu Tiansha lost all of his essence and cultivation base, becoming an ordinary person with low talent, no cultivation base, and no strength to even truss a chicken.

Then, Gu Chensha made a grabbing motion again, and the two balls of Origin Power began to stir, flying towards his palm. He naturally wouldn't let go of them.

"Gu Chensha, why are you chasing me all the way here? I want you to die!"

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha was about to succeed and become one of the strongest beings in the world. However, when he was about to eat the delicious food, such a change happened. He was so furious that he wanted to tear Gu Xuansha into pieces and digest him. But he knew that Gu Chensha must have come prepared. He was definitely not a match for Gu Chensha.

"You want me to die? You're too arrogant. "

Gu Chensha shook his head. "You've accomplished your mission, Primordial Sand. Father made you crown prince so that you could attract the systems of the One God left behind by the prehistoric civilization. You've done just that, and by a stroke of good fortune, you've assimilated the twelve magisters and turned them into your clones. Unfortunately, all of that is useless. As far as I'm concerned, it's all child's play." "Gu Chensha, give it to me!"

Crown Prince Gu Tiansha didn't care what Gu Chensha was saying. He focused on the two sources. Whether it was the source of the Lord of the Sun and Moon or the source of Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian, he couldn't let Gu Chensha get them.

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha moved slightly and the 12 balls of light behind him surged toward Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha shook his head, then waved his finger, causing an essay to appear. It wriggled, then wrapped around the twelve glowing spheres of light. Shockingly, the psychic seals of the twelve magisters were sucked into it.

He wouldn't let go of the battleship and the One God System. He knew all the secrets of the One God System, but because of that, if the One God System was absorbed into the Dragonless Gourd, he would have the ability to recreate the Heaven Realm. He would absorb the battleship and the One God System from the prehistoric civilization. He could shatter the Heaven Realm, recreate the Heaven Realm, or even destroy ten thousand realms.

"Take them all!" At this time, Gu Chensha also used his own power to get rid of these two people in one go.

Gu Tiansha couldn't threaten him, but it was a troubled time. People like Long Xiangtian would appear one after another.

If Gu Tiansha, the battleship, and the One God System fell into the hands of someone like that, it would be a big problem. And if they fell into the hands of the Emperor Of Heaven, it would be even more troublesome.

As soon as Gu Chensha used the Dragonless Heart Sutra, the battleship and the One God System were filled with countless texts. They contained all the secrets of heaven and earth, and even knowledge that surpassed the laws of heaven and earth.

That knowledge entered the core of the battleship and suppressed the One God System. Then, it began to separate the One God System and Gu Tiansha's soul.

Now that the One God System and Gu Tiansha's soul were inseparable, Gu Tiansha's power increased dramatically. He was now one of the most domineering figures in the world.

But for Gu Chensha, it wasn't a big deal. The Dragonless Heart Sutra surpassed the One God System, which was the crystallization of the prehistoric civilization.

"Kill!"

Gu Tiansha felt himself getting weaker and weaker. Soon, he lost control of the One God System. He knew that if he went on like this, he would die a horrible death. Therefore, he had to fight for his life.

"In my name, use the One God to destroy heaven and earth, imprison all living things, burn souls, and disperse destiny!" RUMBLE! A powerful force that seemed to distort fate emerged from Gu Xuansha's body.

"Not bad, not bad. I can't believe you can do this. Burn your path to the future. In other words, after you burn it, you will have no future, and no destiny. You're digging your own grave.

Even if you escape this time, your destiny will be exhausted. You won't live for more than a few days. " Gu Chensha could see that Crown Prince Gu Xuansha was burning his own fate, fate, and future.

It was a very mysterious method. One had to have a deep understanding of destiny and destiny to use it. It was a method to destroy indiscriminately.

"Hahaha! Gu Chensha, how do you know how mysterious I am? Do you really think I'm a fake crown prince?

You think I'm the crown prince for no reason? I've already gained enlightenment of my own path. Yours is the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and mine is the Dao of Innumerable.

The so-called number means that there is an end, and innumerable means that there is no end to it. Innumerable Daos burn destiny. Not only will I not die, but at the same time that I lose destiny, I will obtain infinity. Destiny is nothing more than a shackle that binds our fate. I have broken this shackle and obtained an infinite future. "

An extremely powerful aura kept rotating and rising from Gu Xuansha's body. This was his last trump card.