Chapter 397
===========

Ever since Wu Dangkong had entered the Imperial Court, he had been nothing but a scourge.

Although Gu Chensha somewhat understood why Great Emperor Heavenly Talisman had summoned her to the palace, he couldn't tolerate this woman's constant destruction. She would throw the world into chaos whenever she had the chance, and this time, she even wanted to release the head of the divine continent's number one fiend.

This woman was an extremely unstable factor. If he didn't eradicate her in time, he feared that there would be a great disaster in the future. Disregarding everything else, if she released the head of the divine continent's number one fiend, Precious Jade Nation would fall. The Calming Immortal Department would suffer great losses, and customs taxes would be lowered. Not only would the world's finances be shaken, but many coastal provinces would also be affected. The might of a single head was comparable to the outbreak of a Devil Calamity.

At the very least, even if the current Calming Immortal Department used the sphere of Common People's Wish, they still wouldn't be able to deal with the head of the divine continent's number one fiend. At its peak, not even the three Celestial Sovereigns could do anything to it. Although its current cultivation was far from its peak, it was still not something the current Calming Immortal Department could contend with.

Even if it was just a head, Gu Chensha felt that if it truly activated it, it would have no problem destroying an entire Immortal Dao sect.

This sort of unstable factor could only be slowly weakened. It couldn't be released directly and throw the world into chaos.

Zhuge Ya's plan was to first communicate with the head and take advantage of the fiend's eagerness to escape. He would benefit from it, help the Heavenly Demon Tree grow, and at the same time weaken the fiend's strength.

In this way, even if the fiend was released, the Calming Immortal Department would have already matured and wouldn't need to fear it.

For example, they could first release the fiend and obtain its bloodline. Not only could they help the Heavenly Demon Tree grow, but they could also set up an altar to summon the Interstellar Coffin. As long as they could collect all of the Lord of Seven Stars Jiang Gongwang's inheritance, the Calming Immortal Department's strength would increase by a hundredfold.

In truth, the current Calming Immortal Department was still a bit overcautious. Even though they had successfully cultivated the sphere of Common People's Wish, they were still a bit wary of God-rank experts and Saint-rank Paragons.

Right now, if an Immortal Sage were to attack the sphere of Common People's Hope, it would still be torn apart. It was just that those Immortal Sages were afraid that the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor might have left behind some trump cards to suppress them.

Although the Heavenly Talisman Great Monarch was in seclusion, there were still some traces of him appearing from time to time. For example, he promoted Wu Dangkong and increased the lifespan of the Wu Clan's Old Ancestor by a thousand years. This kind of method, even the three great Empyreans did not have.

The Wu Clan's Patriarch had already reached the limit of his lifespan. The stronger a person was, the harder it would be to extend their lifespan. There was no stopping it.

It was just like how the more powerful an empire was, the more irreversible it would be if it collapsed. No one could save it.

A figure like the Wu Clan's Patriarch had already reached the Deity Realm. His lifespan had been depleted, and even the three great Empyreans could not extend his lifespan. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor could do it.

This kind of news had already spread out. It must have also spread to the ears of many Celestial Sect Leaders, the three Empyreans, and many other hidden existences. Who would dare to act rashly?

More importantly, there were many gods in the world who didn't show any signs of divinity. This meant that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's power to seal the gods was still present. These powerful existences naturally did not dare to act rashly.

Gu Chensha, Zhuge Ya, and the others wanted to make use of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's deterrent power to do many things in order to deal with the various changes in the future.

What if something went wrong? For example, if the gods opened the seal and revealed the divinity to the world again? What should they do in such an era? What should the Tranquil Immortal Department do?

All of these had to be prepared for a rainy day and considered from a long-term perspective. They had to increase their strength and eliminate unstable factors.

At present, the best factor that Gu Chensha considered was to abolish all of Wu Dangkong's magic power and martial arts and make her the Regent. However, this was equivalent to a tiger that had its claws and teeth cut off. It would no longer be able to stir up any big waves and would become an obedient chess piece.

The magic power that he collected from Wu Dangkong would definitely be able to accelerate the growth of the Heavenly Demon Tree.

Gu Chensha's cultivation had increased by a lot again. Some of the Martial Sage's memory fragments and experiences seeped into his sea of consciousness. Putting aside the fact that he instantly digested them, he had also mastered all kinds of martial dao techniques and essences. When he executed all his martial arts, the power was at least doubled.

This Tianwu Secret Talisman was extremely important to the Wu Clan. It might not be the true treasure that guarded the clan, but it was still one of the top ten treasures. This treasure had been directly swallowed by Gu Chensha, and the benefits she obtained weren't just limited to this. In the future, during her cultivation, these benefits would appear one by one. Buzz …

Gu Chensha's Banishing Immortal Palm covered the sky and enveloped Wu Dangkong's body from top to bottom.

Meanwhile, Wu Dangkong couldn't dodge at all. She had the intention to hide in the Sun Moon Altar, but her heart was burning with rage. Furthermore, she wasn't willing to show weakness. After losing the Tianwu Secret Talisman, even with her status in the Wu Clan, she wouldn't be able to withstand the clan's anger.

The main reason was that ever since she became the Imperial Concubine, she had asked for a lot of resources from the clan. However, she hadn't given anything back to the clan, which was rather embarrassing.

Without the Tianwu Secret Talisman, it would be much more difficult for the clan's disciples to cultivate in the future.

"I'll fight it out with you. I'm the one who's chosen by the heavens. All the great luck is with me." Wu Dangkong's palm struck out with layers of secret martial arts, attempting to break through Gu Chensha's Banishing Immortal Palm. Bang, bang, bang, bang … Both of their attacks collided with each other.

With every attack, Gu Chensha's Banishing Immortal Palm was able to absorb a portion of magic power from Wu Dangkong's body. It would be absorbed into the depths of his Dantian's Qi Sea, decomposed, refined, and transformed into Golden Core Qi.

In an instant, both of them had exchanged over a thousand blows. Gu Chensha was in high spirits. In his Weilu Acupoint, Zhangmen Acupoint, Yamen Acupoint, Xinjing Acupoint, Jingmen Acupoint, Danzhong Acupoint, and Guanyuan Acupoint, he condensed another eight Golden Cores. Now, his entire body, including the main Golden Core, had a total of 18 Golden Cores.

It was not that these 18 Golden Cores were motionless. Instead, they began to circulate along with his meridians. They did not stay in the fixed acupoints, but instead, they flowed continuously, forming a diagram of the movement of the stars in Gu Chensha's body.

At this moment, if someone were to take a closer look, they would notice that the Golden Cores in Gu Chensha's body were twinkling and jumping up and down, causing his physical body to be in a perfect rhythm at all times. In this way, Gu Chensha's physical body was being further tempered.

And in this collision, Wu Dangkong's aura became even weaker. The power of her magic power had decreased by at least 30%. In other words, her cultivation had been absorbed by Gu Chensha's Banishing Immortal Palm by one-third.

"How is it?"

As soon as Gu Chensha withdrew his palm, the 18 Golden Cores in his body stabilized their aura and digested each other. Not only did they nourish his bloodline, they also protected his body. He felt a sense of wonder.

"In the Five Transformations of Dao Realm, it is to gather the spirit in the 100 acupoints. It is to compress the spiritual energy in the 108 acupoints. Then, through tempering, it will combine with the Blood Qi. After a thousand revolutions, it will turn into Innate Astral Qi. And at the 19th transformation, it is to explode the physical body, mix with the Golden Cores, and finally become magic power. Now, I have an additional process, and that is to gather the Golden Cores in the 100 acupoints.

After refining the Golden Cores in all the 108 acupoints, I will condense the Golden Cores in each of the smaller acupoints! "Gu Chensha was so comfortable that he almost moaned.

"Gu Chensha, you are amazing!" Wu Dangkong's face was pale. It was obvious that the damage to her magic power had caused her to be weak.

Gu Chensha adjusted the Core Qi in his body and adjusted the 18 Golden Cores to be lively and agile. After completely combining with him, they emitted a strong aura.

He stopped just now not to let Wu Dangkong go, but because he suddenly used the Banishing Immortal Palm to absorb a third of her magic power. After refining the Golden Cores, he had to take a good rest, polish it, and turn it into his own.

Now that he had recovered, he naturally wanted to defeat her in one fell swoop. He wanted to extract all of her magic power, so that she could no longer harm the Imperial Court and could only be a chess piece in the future.

When Wu Dangkong saw Gu Chensha's aura enveloping her again, her expression changed drastically. She wanted to hide in the space of the Japanese Altar. She could no longer care about her face.

It had to be said that this woman's cultivation was far superior to Jing Fanxing's. At the same realm, Gu Chensha could use the Banishing Immortal Palm to extract Jing Fanxing's power, bloodline, and foundation. But against this woman, after thousands of palm strikes, he only extracted a third of her magic power. It didn't even affect her talent.

But as the battle continued, Gu Chensha's cultivation became more and more vigorous, while Wu Dangkong's cultivation became weaker and weaker. The result was already decided. Wu Dangkong was no match for the current Gu Chensha.

Moreover, she saw that Gu Chensha could condense many golden cores. This kind of method had only appeared in ancient legends. It must be known that although it was not certain that one could condense one golden core, every additional golden core would be extremely difficult to control.

A golden core contained countless runes, formations, cores, and energy bodies. If one was careless, and a slight problem occurred in the core, it would cause an explosion. Not only would one's corpse be left, but it would also be extremely difficult to control.

In history, there were indeed cultivators who coveted power and cultivated two golden cores. But they couldn't control it and were killed by the explosion. More importantly, the corporeal body might not be able to withstand more golden cores.

Wu Dangkong had never heard of a person like Gu Chensha condensing multiple golden cores at once and doing it with ease. She had already lost her will to fight.

But at this moment, a sudden change occurred. A boundless murderous aura rushed up from the depths of the trench at the bottom of the sea, emitting spiritual waves.

"Strange, strange. There are actually two people who know the Emperor's God Sealing Technique. How strange. Has the era changed? Why is it like this?" This will forcibly cut in between Gu Chensha and Wu Dangkong. Gu Chensha was shocked. He felt a familiar aura. This will was the will of the most ferocious person in the divine continent, Xing Qiongshi.