Chapter 152
===========

"Although I'm a prince, the Legalists don't give me many resources. They still see me as an outsider." Gufasha knew that the Legalists wouldn't give him the real good things. They would nurture the core disciples.

"Of course," Mister Jin agreed. "After all, your surname is Gu, not Legalism.

If it wasn't for the Heavenly Talisman Emperor ruling the world and suppressing the immortals and gods, and a weak emperor, Your Highness wouldn't even be comparable to the lowest disciple of the Legalists. The Legalists are a Sage family, so they have the confidence. " "I don't expect anything from the Legalists. Fa Wuxian looks down on me. In the world, only Father can make him fear me. " Gufasha was annoyed. "If I can use this person, there won't be any injustice in the world."

"Fa Wuxian is a natural-born Sage. There's no need to think about subduing him. Even gods won't submit to him."

Mister Jin pondered. "It's not hard for Your Highness to make use of the Legalists. You can use the Primordial Tree's fruit." "How?" Gufa Sha's body moved.

"Send a letter to the patriarch of the Legalism clan, saying that he's willing to give the fruit of the Primordial Mist Tree to Fa Wuxian, as long as Fa Wuxian can temporarily be a guest retainer for a year. I've taken a look, and no expert of the Legalism clan is as valuable as him." Mister Jin said, "With a year's time, many things can be done.

"Do I really have to give the fruit to Fa Wuxian?"

Gufasha was puzzled. "He's a natural-born Sage. If he eats the fruit, he'll probably become a Sage in the future. Won't I have to submit to him? How can I be willing? "

"How could it be so simple? First, we have to destroy the Temple of Mahānata. Only then will the Majestic Emperor bestow the fruits. That alone is more than enough for Fa Wuxian. Also, Fa Wuxian isn't sincere. In fact, he even wants to challenge the Majestic Emperor.

Mister Jin was disdainful. "Even if he's a natural-born Sage, it's like an ant trying to shake a tree. Why did the Emperor give the Primordial Tree's fruit? He wants to lure the Legalists into his trap. "

"We have to discuss this carefully." Gufasha nodded slowly. "The most important thing now is to get the Dragon Transformation Tower!" "It still depends on Fa Wuxian."

Mister Jin took out the intel, "I went to gather intel and realized that there are many experts in Prince Nineteen's land. Even if I went personally, I wouldn't be able to gain an advantage. Your Highness, take a look. These are the arrangements of the experts. First, Yi Ming has the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body and his cultivation isn't lower than yours.

Apart from that, there was Shi Zhongchan, Jushi Marquis' son, who was at Samadhi True Flame. Apart from that, there was also Poison Sect's Wang Zhi and Lan Qi. The two of them were at Dao Realm Six and were about to reach Seven.

Of course, that's not all. The most terrifying one is still that child, Long Zaifei. Your Highness, do you know that he's a peerless genius? " "I know this child. He once fell into boss's hands. I don't know why boss didn't kill him."

Gufa Sha was in deep thought. "An unparalleled genius. As long as he is given time, he will grow extremely quickly. It will be unimaginable. My mansion doesn't have such a talent. This kind of person can only be found by chance." "That's not all."

Mister Jin said, "Currently, Prince Nineteen has already invited Luo Wu to build a branch courtyard in his fief. They're both working together. I've been observing from afar for the past few days. The Vermilion Bird Formation and the Black Tortoise Emerging from the Sea are resonating with each other, and even the earth veins and weather phenomena are changing. Forgive me for being blunt, but Prince Nineteen's business in his fief has Long Yuyun and Frosty Jade Dew as support. He's selling all kinds of Gu Poison Sect medicinal pills, nurturing doctors, treating illnesses, and opening a medical center. Just this alone is comparable to all of His Highness's businesses.

Apart from that, the land veins are slowly changing to plant herbs, fire dates, and other trees. His income far exceeds yours.

Luo Wu also helps him recruit celestial experts. If we don't include the Legalist School, his strength has probably exceeded yours. "

"I was also worried about that. I didn't expect that two people from Poison Sect would actually be able to develop so many pills and earn so much money." Gufa Sha frowned.

"I didn't expect it either. The Poison Sect has always been in hiding and doesn't dare to show up. Even the celestial cultivators' impression of them is that they refine poison to harm people."

Mister Jin had a regretful expression. "I didn't expect them to treat people and save people. Their pills are also amazing. They might not be useful to us, but to ordinary people, they can save their lives and strengthen their bodies. In addition, the Wilderness has no lack of poisonous insects. It's like a treasure trove for them to transport." "We can't let him develop any further." Gufa Sha slammed the table. "How long has it been?

It's only been a year, and he's already risen so strongly. What will happen if he has another three to five years? "

"Not to mention three to five years, even if he has another year, His Highness won't be able to compare."

Mister Jin said, "You should know that his trump cards are the Dragonization Pagoda, the Black Tortoise Divine Beast Egg, and the Seven Sacred Heart Refinement Pill. These are things that His Highness can't possibly have."

"Damn it. Back then, I took The Great Spirit God's Ring, the Devil-Warding Robe, and the Spell Breaker Immortal Sword. I didn't expect him to have so many fortuitous encounters. Do you think Father is helping him? "Gufa Sha felt very uncomfortable.

"I can't rule out that possibility." Mister Jin said, "His Majesty's methods are unpredictable and hard to predict." "We can only take it step by step."

Gufa Sha thought about it and couldn't think of a solution. He weighed the strength of his subordinates and realized that they really couldn't compare to Gu Chensha.

Although he was a prince, he had worked hard over the years and had some experts under him. He didn't lack people in the Dao Realm, but at most, they were only three or four transformations. Those who cultivated Xiantian Earth Energy were like wild cranes, free and unrestrained. They wouldn't be restricted by the prince unless the prince offered a good price.

Only someone like Gu Chensha, who had stolen half of the Demonic Ape Temple's wealth, could afford to hire experts. In Gu Chensha's fief. The purple energy turned into mist and condensed into balls that didn't dissipate. Within the purple energy, there was also red energy.

In the giant castle, there were many Fire Date Trees and Purple Green Celestial Peach Trees. The Fire Date Trees grew really quickly and in a month, they bore many fruits.

The Fire Date Trees strengthened the body and were much better than the Herculean Bull Meat. However, they had to be grown in a place with Spiritual Energy and had to be carefully nurtured.

But now, this wasn't a place where Spiritual Energy gathered but a place where Celestial Energy gathered. The Celestial Energy and the veins of the earth merged and the soil on the ground turned purple. When one touched it, there was actually a crystallizing smell. In the long run, this castle would become really indestructible. At that moment, Gu Chensha was learning Treasure Refining Techniques. Bao Ming 'er was teaching him.

"There are three types of Treasure Refining Techniques: Blood Refining, Energy Refining, and Spiritual Sense.

Blood Refining is the Blood Refining Technique. Over time, the Treasure Refining Technique and the Spiritual Sense will be able to communicate. "Bao Ming 'er took out a dagger and demonstrated," The Blood Refining Technique will nurture the Treasure Spirit. This technique is taught by consuming one's own Blood Essence. Qi Refining is different. It is instilling Innate Earth Qi into the material and using various techniques to carve the formation. As for Spiritual Sense, it is the Primordial Spirit that tempers the material.

Regardless of what Bao Ming 'er's goal was, it was true that she was imparting knowledge to him. Gu Chensha's eyes didn't move.

Part of his Treasure Refining Technique came from the Sun and Moon Refining Technique and the books he read. Other than that, he also learned from Yi Ming, Luo Wu, and the others.

But these people weren't good at refining treasures. Bao Ming 'er came from Many Treasure Mysterious Sect and started cultivating to refine treasures. He even cultivated his body to be refined like a Treasure.

"Originally, my Many Treasure Mysterious Sect had a technique called the Undying Treasure Body. It refined one's bones, bones, skin, flesh, blood, heart, and lungs like treasures. After cultivating to Dao Realm Transformation Four, one swallowed metal, jade, and all sorts of treasures. In the end, one wouldn't have a flesh and blood body but a Treasure Body. If one faced such a person, one would be really terrifying. One's fist technique would be able to pierce through everything." Bao Ming 'er continued to teach. All sorts of techniques, theories, and slight changes were analyzed in detail.

Gu Chensha and the Sun and Moon Refining Technique were interconnected and he noticed many intricacies. Apart from that, he realized that the Sun and Moon Dragon was similar to the Undying Treasure Body.

He didn't comprehend much of the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique, but now that he was being taught properly and combined with what Luo Wu taught him, he comprehended something new.

Vital energy surged in his body and circulated around one another, nourishing his five viscera and six bowels.

Along with the Dragon Raising Heart Technique, when he used it, he felt like there were many small dragons crawling about in his body.

"It seems like I will reach Dao Realm Transformation Four in the next few days."

Gu Chensha knew about his own cultivation. Once he reached Dao Realm Transformation Four, he would be able to pierce through the Xiantian Energy of normal experts. "If I cultivate Xiantian Energy, I will be able to use many things, especially the King Dragon Armor and Demon Descending Blade. The Dragon Transformation Tower will be able to use energy to refine them."

The reason they are so strong is because you fed them with the best natural treasures. If my guess is correct, it should be the Ancient Heavenly Dew. What a pity, what a waste. If I could use the Heavenly Dew to craft magical treasures, then the power of the armor and sword would be many times greater. "Bao Ming 'er sighed." You have so many natural treasures, but they are all wasted. "" You have so many natural treasures, "Bao Ming' er sighed." You have so many natural treasures, but they are all wasted.

"My sword and armor can gather Original Spirits because they have fused with the fragments of the Heavenly Demonic Relic. However, I feel that they haven't played their intended role. Logically speaking, the essence of the Ancient Heavenly Demonic Relic is vigorous. This armor and the sword's ability to swallow and spit are not that simple." "What?" Bao Ming 'er was shocked, "You actually merged the shard into the sword and armor. What a waste." "Fairy, what do you want to teach me?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Pass the sword and armor to me." Bao Ming 'er reached out.

With a thought, Gu Chensha caused the King Dragon Armor and Demon Descending Blade to turn into two small dragons that flew into Bao Ming 'er's hands. He wasn't afraid of her doing anything. Although the sword and armor were magical, they were far from the Dragon Transformation Tower. Bao Ming 'er touched the two small dragons. Her eyes opened wide and a bright light shot out. Then, threads of Xiantian Energy appeared on her hands and seeped into the sword armor.