Chapter 74
==========

Gu Chensha took a sip and felt refreshed. His pores opened up as if he was lying in the clouds, watching the changes of the world as if it were a game of chess, and becoming an immortal.

"Good tea," he praised immediately.

Frost Jade's eyes were filled with surprise. "This tea is called Drunken Cloud Plum Blossom. Even a Changed State of Dao would take half a day to drink a sip. The Nineteenth Highness actually woke up so quickly, and is still in the Martial Ancestor Realm. This shows that the Great Yong Imperial Family is truly blessed."

"I don't deserve it. The spiritual energy in this tea is so strong that it is rare and expensive. I'm surprised that the Princess spent so much money on it." Gu Chensha tasted it carefully and knew the effects.

"I heard that Sister Long Yuyun is under the Nineteenth Highness' command and is building a mansion to become his wife. Is this true?"

Frost Jade asked, "Sister Long Yuyun and I are close. She wrote to me that Your Highness is a dragon among men. Seeing you today, I can see that you have such a temperament."

"The people of Baoyu are simple and elegant. The people play with jade to cultivate their character. Their foundation is the same as Great Yong, and they have been on good terms since ancient times. The Imperial Family has never bullied the people. For Big Brother to bully such a country is not benevolent. "

Gu Chensha went straight to the point. "I will write to Imperial Father about this. I have been conferred the title of Jun Wang, and I have the right to report directly." "What request does Your Highness have?" Frost Jade's face was filled with joy.

Gu Chensha shook his head. "This matter is beneficial to the Yongchō. Using weapons to kill the evil barbarians is the right way, and using benevolence to subdue small countries is also the right way. Big Brother's recent actions have been somewhat demonic. He wants to destroy Baoyu Country, and then burn, kill, and loot. In the end, the people will suffer, and the Imperial Court will suffer." "Then I'll leave this matter to Your Highness."

Frost Jade took out a jade box from under the table. "There is a Jade Blood Pill in this box. As a token of my gratitude, I hope Your Highness will not refuse."

"The Jade Blood Pill is made from Jade Blood Jade that has been buried underground for tens of thousands of years. After dozens of years of refinement, it finally turns into a jade liquid, and then it is nourished with spiritual energy for dozens of years.

It was rumored that the Jasper Blood Jade was extremely precious, as it was formed from the blood of a fallen ancient master.

When one consumed the Jade Pill, one's bones would slowly turn into jade and become really firm. Especially for people with Dao Realm Eight Transformation Samadhi True Fire, they would be able to save a lot of effort and refine the jade bones in the Glass Jade Body. This pill is so precious that it practically seizes the fortune of heaven and earth. "

Hearing this, Gu Chensha gasped. He had read the records in the ancient books and knew that this pill was even more mysterious than the Disaster Golden Pill.

"Although this pill is precious, it is nothing compared to the safety of my Baoyu Country. I only hope that Your Highness can accomplish this task." Frost Jade Dew pushed the pill over.

However, Gu Chensha did not take it. He shook his head and said, "It is not an exaggeration to say that this pill is the national treasure of Baoyu Nation. I would like to have it, but I can't take it away from someone else. Moreover, Baoyu Nation is not at fault in this matter, so there is no need for this.

If I accept it, not only would I be bribing them, but I would also be taking advantage of their misfortune. I don't want the pill, I will try my best to do this. "

If it was a few months ago, he might have accepted it. Now that his cultivation had deepened and he had some aura, he rejected it.

"Your Highness is really noble, I am impressed."

Frost Jade Dew smiled, "Then, I will leave this matter to Your Highness. I will plead on behalf of the tens of millions of people in Baoyu Country."

"If I can save millions of people from the calamity of war and ruin of their families, I will feel that the Seventh Princess has given me great merit."

Gu Chensha stood up, "Then, I will do this. There is no time to lose, I will go back and write a report." "I hope that Your Highness succeeds." Frost Jade Dew personally sent Gu Chensha to the door.

When Gu Chensha left the inn, a woman appeared beside Frost Jade Dew, "Jade Dew, what do you think of this Gu Chensha?"

"Sister Yuyun, I have only interacted with him for a short while, and I can feel that he is a man with a bottom line. He is not like the other princes, who will use any means necessary to achieve their goals. This is rare." The person who appeared beside Frost Jade Dew was Long Yuyun.

"That's right, when I misunderstood him and injured him, he did not intend to kill me. However, he is cruel and merciless to the Demonic Barbarians, and will stop at nothing.

I can see that he still abides by the righteous path. Although he is flawed, he will correct his mistakes. "Long Yuyun said," I think he is stronger than the other princes. I wonder if he will change in the future. " "He is not swayed by profit, I admire that."

Cold Jade Dew was also quite surprised. "I dare say that even the Seventh Prince Gufa Sha would not be indifferent to this pill. He would definitely accept it after some hesitation, but he actually forcefully refused. His ability to restrain himself is truly powerful." "What if he really accepts it? Are we really going to give it to him? "Long Yuyun asked.

"Then we will have to rely on you to get it back."

Frost Jade Dew smiled, "But then again, your cultivation is getting stronger and stronger. You are actually about to break through to the third transformation."

"This is also because I obtained the Divine Mahākāśyapa Pill and the Heavenly Dew, which cleanses the evil energy and purifies the spiritual energy in my body, completely stabilizing my foundation."

Long Yuyun did not smile, "It is a pity that my cultivation is still too low, and I cannot take revenge. If there is a chance, I will definitely kill the First Prince Gu Hengsha."

"I want to kill him too. He actually captured the people of Precious Jade Nation to cultivate the Purgatory Blood Pool Demonic Art."

Frost Jade Dew's killing intent appeared, "But this person cultivates both righteous and evil, and has already cultivated the first chapter of the Eternal Heavenly Book to perfection. Because he cannot break through to the second chapter, he wants to break through through the demonic arts.

The Heng Clan was the first to support the Heavenly Talisman Monarch, but the Eternal Heavenly Book is incomplete, only half a volume and two chapters. Oh right, you mentioned the Heavenly Dew? Where did it come from? " "Gu Chensha has the Heavenly Dew, and he even nurtures his subordinates. I am very sad to see this."

Long Yuyun shook her head, "If I have enough Heavenly Dew, I can turn the Dragonbone Sword into a Bone Dragon."

"If I have enough Heavenly Dew, not only can I break through, I can also turn the Myriad Jade Sphere into the Jade Deity's Eye. It is not impossible to kill Gu Hengsha." Frost Jade Dew sighed deeply.

"Actually, with the potential of Precious Jade Nation, it is not difficult to fight Gu Hengsha to the death. I am just afraid that if I kill him, the Heavenly Talisman Monarch will be enraged, and the Jade Deity, Sea Deity, and Dragon Deity will be shaken."

Long Yuyun continued, "Now that the commoners of Dragonsword Island are in trouble, I don't dare to take revenge on the imperial court, and can only compromise. If not for the Heavenly Talisman Monarch, we wouldn't be in such a sorry state."

"The Heavenly Talisman Monarch is the first Son of Heaven since the beginning of time. Although he doesn't have the Heavenly Talisman Decree, and his title is somewhat flawed, with his cultivation, it doesn't make a difference. Fortunately, he is not a tyrannical emperor, and the commoners of the Yongchō are living a hundred times better than before."

Frost Jade Dew expressed her opinion, "Not only that, he has not fooled the commoners, and has even opened up the people's minds. Even the commoners are not prohibited from using weapons, swords, bows, and armor. This is also unprecedented. If we submit to the imperial court, it might not be a bad thing. Look at the First Prince, he cultivates the Purgatory Blood Pool Art, and he doesn't dare to harm the commoners of the Yongchō. If he were to harm the commoners of the Yongchō, he would have been captured long ago."

"That's right, Gu Hengsha only dares to kill the commoners of the Yongchō Empire, and announce to the outside world that there were casualties due to the war between the two empires."

Although Long Yuyun was unwilling, she had to resign herself to fate, "That's why I wish to submit to the First Prince, and turn all the commoners under me into commoners of the Yongchō Empire. This can be considered as paving a path of retreat for them." "Does Gu Chensha still have the Heavenly Dew?

If he does, I would like to make a deal with him. "Frost Jade Dew was very clear on the benefits of the Heavenly Dew.

"He has some secrets that no one knows of. Other than the Heavenly Dew, he also has the Tiger-Wolf Dan."

Long Yuyun took a sip of tea, "This is also the reason why I want to get close to him. You seem to want to get close to the Tenth Prince, but you have to be careful of him. He is temperamental, sinister and ruthless, violent and bloodthirsty, and definitely not a good person. I think that among the sons of the Heavenly Talisman Monarch, the Nineteenth Prince, Gu Chensha, and the Fourth Prince, Gu Huasha, are the best. As expected of the nine sons of the dragon, each one is different. "

"The Fourth Prince, Gu Huasha, may seem calm and indifferent, but he is actually very ambitious. Don't be fooled by him."

Frost Jade Dew sipped her tea as well, "Although the Tenth Prince is temperamental and violent, I can see through him. That makes things easier."

"That's true. Regardless of good or evil, as long as you can see through them, that's the best. Otherwise, it would all be for naught." Long Yuyun put down her teacup, "This is what it means to see through good and evil, to follow one's heart."

"Sister Long, now that you have the eighteen Heavenly Dragon Spirit Convening Flags, in addition to the spirit gathering array, you can produce quite a lot of spirit liquid every day. Your subordinate's strength will definitely increase by leaps and bounds. I wonder if you can share some of the spirit liquid with me?" Frost Jade Dew suddenly thought of something.

"The spirit liquid is far from being comparable to the Heavenly Dew. Furthermore, the eighteen Heavenly Dragon Spirit Convening Flags belong to Gu Chensha, and he's only lending them to me temporarily. I still need to help him nurture his subordinates. But since Sister Long Yuyun has spoken, I won't be stingy. Here's a gourd, take it."

Long Yuyun clapped her hands, and her personal maidservant brought out a huge gourd that was about a foot tall.

"So much."

Frost Jade Dew was overjoyed, "Thank you, Sister. Although we in the Dao Realm can absorb spiritual energy, we can't condense it into liquid. Refining treasures, concocting pills, and planting herbs all require spirit liquid. If our Baoyu Country has this flag for decades, our strength will at least double."

"Recently, the Great Wei Dynasty has been very active. Rumor has it that there are tens of thousands of Heavenly Dragon Spirit Convening Flags in the dynasty. The spirit liquid churns and turns into a pool of water. I wonder how majestic it will be." Long Yuyun rubbed her palms together, "If we can get more of these flags, we will have the foundation of a thousand-year-old aristocratic family." In the room of the relay station. Gu Chensha and Yi Ming sat around the table.

There were many jades on the table. Some were the size of a fist, some were the size of a chicken egg, and they all had different shapes.

Gu Chensha kept arranging the jade stones and arranged many patterns on the table. It was a little like a military drill on a sand table.

"It's done!" Gu Chensha suddenly arranged them, and instantly, the jades on the table gave off a refreshing smell.

Yi Ming casually grabbed out of the window, and a sparrow that was jumping on a tree was caught and placed into the jade stone array. The sparrow immediately stopped moving, as if it was enjoying it.

"Master really knows how to set up a Spirit Convening Array."

Yi Ming sighed, "This sparrow is lucky. It can absorb the nourishment of spiritual energy in the array. If it has two or three days, it will gradually develop intelligence. If it has three to five months, its lifespan will increase. If it has three to five years, it will become a spirit. If it has a fortuitous encounter and learns a cultivation method, it will become a demon."

"I finally understand. Everything in the world has its own spiritual waves, which are magnetic poles. They are all different and messy, but by arranging them artificially, they become a whole. Then, the spiritual waves can be sharp and break through some kind of barrier.

And the human body is the same. The spiritual waves of the acupuncture points, organs, and bones are all very messy. Through cultivation, they can be unified, becoming more and more concentrated, and stronger. "

Under Yi Ming's guidance every day, Gu Chensha's understanding of the Dao state became deeper and deeper. Only then did he realize how ridiculous he was in the past. He thought that by cultivating hard, he could break through in one step. Without inheritance and guidance from a master, he would have to take many detours to break through. "However, I feel that using jades to set up a Spirit Convening Array is the best." .....