Chapter 119
===========

"Heaven's mysteries are a kind of law. For example, if the world is in chaos for a long time, and the people have no way to make a living, and evil spirits wreak havoc, a savior will be born to restore peace to the world. But if the world is peaceful for a long time, evil spirits and villains will be born to wreak havoc in the world. The cycle of yin and yang is endless. This is heaven's mysteries. Of course, heaven's mysteries are not that simple. Sometimes, there will be many deviations, but generally speaking, it is always in an absolute balance."

Fourth Prince Gu Huasha said, "In the calculations of many immortals and gods, the savior of the world, the Son of Providence, was Wen Hong. You and I both know what happened after that."

"Fourth Brother, you still haven't told me why you're looking for me." Gu Chensha did not want to stray too far from the topic.

"Yesterday, Imperial Father called me over for a heart-to-heart talk."

The Fourth Prince, Guhuasha, stood up and said, "Father mentioned you and asked us to visit more often, so I came here today. Actually, my purpose for coming here today is very simple. I just want to test out Nineteenth Brother's martial arts. Aren't you curious about my martial arts? Then, please make your move. " "Fourth Brother?"

When Gu Chensha heard this, he immediately became excited. He really wanted to see how strong Gu Huasha, whom Grand Preceptor Wen Hong said had "some tricks", was.

"Make your move."

Fourth Prince Gu Huasha was a different person. He was arrogant and looked down on all the heroes in the world. His clothes fluttered even though there was no wind. This kind of aura was something Gu Chensha had never seen on Seventh Prince Gu Fasha.

Immediately, Gu Chensha's heart trembled. His hands formed a circle, and he suddenly struck with the Mountain Moving Style of The Great Spirit God Fist. With his current cultivation, this move was like a giant spirit moving a mountain. The mountainous force surged toward Fourth Prince Gu Fasha.

"Too slow." Pa!

All the force dissipated, and Gu Chensha only felt himself being sent flying by a huge force. He could not see clearly at all, and he was stuck to the wall. Then, he slowly slid down.

He suddenly came to his senses and saw that his fourth brother was still standing in the same place, as if he had not moved at all.

"So powerful!"

Gu Chensha immediately reacted. This Fourth Brother's martial arts were unfathomable. Fortunately, he had already anticipated this. He kicked his legs and changed his stance. His left hand struck out three times in a row. This time, it was a combination of Star Striker, Sky Piercing, and Demon Slaying.

That day, when he was still a Martial Technique Grandmaster, he used his spear on the boat to heavily injure the Black Bat Demon.

Now, his martial arts were dozens of times stronger than before. When he used this forbidden technique, he could even injure experts at the fourth transformation of the Dao Realm.

That wasn't all. His right hand executed another set of martial arts. It was the "Chaotic World", "Chaotic World", and "Apocalypse" of the Chaotic World Demon Codex. This was the standard art of slaughter, the art of chaos.

He began to combine the two sets of martial arts into one, using them together. Using one mind to do two things, the left and right changes were displayed, the sun and moon turning into a series of changes. Between the changes in strength, it could be said that even an expert like Jade Frost Dew would have to avoid the sharp edge. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha's movement was as swift as a clap of thunder. From a tricky angle, he instantly arrived in front of Number Four. Fist shadows and murderous aura instantly engulfed Number Four. Peng! There was another loud explosion.

Gu Chensha still did not see clearly when he was sent flying again. He was plastered against the wall, but he was not injured. It was obvious that Number Four had a sense of propriety. This state of not being injured after being sent flying was much more difficult than beating him to the point of vomiting blood. This was because Number Four's control of force made it seem as if it were light. Number Four saw through all the changes in his moves and succeeded with a light blow.

"Again!" Gu Chensha didn't believe that he would be defeated without even being able to see it clearly.

He attacked time and time again but was smacked away. Apart from Sun and Moon Kill, he used pretty much all his skills but it was useless. Each time he charged towards The Fourth, he would be smacked into the wall. He didn't even know how he lost. Moreover, what The Fourth used wasn't Xiantian Earth Energy but a normal fist technique.

"How did this happen? I thought that my physical strength had reached the peak and as long as I didn't face Xiantian Earth Energy, I would have the upper hand. Now, it seems like I was just a frog at the bottom of a well." Gu Chensha was hit 30-40 times and finally understood that the gap between him and The Fourth was huge.

"You use armor and sword." The Fourth Gu Huasha said. Gu Chensha didn't hold back. With a thought, pili pala!

The Great Dragon Armor covered his body and he took out the Demon Descending Blade. This sword and armor were connected to his heart and soul and he carried them with him day and night. He breathed in and out and used his blood to write runes. Now that he summoned them out, he was fully equipped. His strength wasn't something that his bare fists could compare to.

That day, he wore this armor and held this sword. In just an instant, he sliced off Yu Ba's finger. Although he was caught off guard, it showed that he had the right to fight with someone at Dao Realm Transformation Six.

But now, his cultivation level had increased by one level, and his armor and treasured sword were much stronger than before. He didn't know how much Sun and Moon Dragon Blood he had absorbed these days, and he was confident that even if Yu Ba was prepared, he would still be no match for him.

His body moved slightly and sword energy surged. The Demon Descending Blade was several times faster than his physical attacks and the sword wind even tore holes in the ground. But, it was useless. The moment the sword energy reached the The Fourth, peng! He was smacked away along with his armor. It was no different from before.

"Collect."

At this moment, he knew that even if he used Sun and Moon Kill, the outcome would be the same. He still wouldn't be able to see how he was sent flying. The gap between him and the The Fourth was just too huge.

The armor was retracted, and the Demon Subduing Blade was also wrapped up by the armor and wrapped around his waist.

"Fourth Brother, I am no match for you at all. What kind of martial arts are you using?

You didn't even use Xiantian Energy to beat me up like this. "Gu Chensha didn't feel dispirited from failure and instead, he learned humbly.

"This is a technique I created, Heart in the Vast Outer Sky."

The The Fourth Gu Huasha didn't seem to have attacked at all but his aura became even stronger, "Wen Hong is right. Big Brother and Seventh are really normal and even if they work together, they are no match for me. Actually, 19th Brother, you are the first to see my technique."

"Fourth Brother, you really hid it well." Gu Chensha was shocked, "If Big Brother and Seventh found out, they would probably spit out blood from anger." "I don't care about their attitude."

The Fourth sat down once more and his aura disappeared. He was still lazy and smiling, "But 19th Brother, it is best if you don't spread this out." "Of course."

Gu Chensha was still guessing but couldn't think of anything. He could only ask openly, "Fourth Brother, what is your cultivation level?" "You'll know when your cultivation level increases a few more levels."

The The Fourth Gu Huasha waved his hand, "Although Seventh Brother is not as good as me, he is a direct descendant of the Empress and has the resources of the number one aristocratic family. Even a pig can become a demon. Moreover, although Seventh Brother is not a demon or a ghost, he is intelligent. Saying that his talent is normal is only from Wen Hong's own point of view.

However, the school of Legalism behind Seventh Brother has produced a truly powerful figure in recent years called Fa Wuxian. If you meet him, you have to be careful. " "Fa Wuxian …" Gu Chensha had heard Yi Ming say that he was almost killed by this person.

"19th Brother, although your martial arts are strong, you haven't formed a martial art that is truly suitable for you. People are different from each other. Even twins who look exactly the same will have different personalities and thoughts. All martial arts might not be suitable for you. The martial arts that are most suitable for you are still the martial arts that are born from the depths of your soul."

The The Fourth Gu Huasha warned, "Of course, this kind of martial art that is born from the depths of the soul is very difficult. Most people still continue the martial arts of their predecessors, but that's understandable. They just can't truly stand out. The world is big, and to stand out, you must have your own unique martial arts." "That's true."

Gu Chensha was familiar with history books and knew that even in learning, one had to break away from the shackles of their predecessors and have their own independent opinions. Only then could one become a master. "Thank you for your guidance, Fourth Brother. What else did Father say to you?" "This is also the real reason why I came to find you today."

The The Fourth Gu Huasha said solemnly, "Father said that no matter what happens in the future, he wants you and me to protect the people of this world and continue his path. He also hopes that there won't be an Emperor in the future, or that everyone will be an Emperor. His wish is for everyone in the world to be independent and free. Everyone will not invade each other, everyone will respect each other, and everyone will have mutual affinity." "This is the unity of all living beings." Gu Chensha sighed. "But why did he say such things? Could it be that the rumors are true? " "Is it because of the rumors that Father cannot tolerate the heavens? It won't last long? This is what Wen Hong said, right? "

The The Fourth raised his eyebrows and gave off a chilling aura. "You don't have to worry about this. Things aren't that simple. Those who try to bring chaos to the world, whether they are Immortals, Demons, or Demons, I will kill them all. You and I have to do our best to do this."

"Fourth Brother, don't worry. Father's wish is my wish. If I can do this, I will have no regrets." Gu Chensha said solemnly.

"Good brother!"

Lao Si patted Gu Chensha's shoulder and said, "I think that Lao Qi, Lao Da, and Lao Tenth have different ambitions. Originally, I would not have said such a thing. But now, there is no harm in saying it. If anything happens in the imperial court in the future, the two of us may have to bear the responsibility."

"Right now, the general situation of the world and the national policy are both extremely good. Whoever spoils this national policy, even if my power is meager, I will not cherish my life." Gu Chensha also said, "Good brother, your sharpness can cut through metal."

"Hahaha …" The Fourth laughed out loud. "The world is so beautiful and it is filled with eye-catching treasures.

However, there will always be people who want to shatter it. But because of that, our existence is meaningful, right? " Peng!

The air around him exploded, and with a shake, he actually disappeared. Gu Chensha didn't even know how he had left.

Even if Yi Ming wanted to leave with his Dao Realm Glass Jade Body cultivation, Gu Chensha could barely see him. One must know that he was cultivating the Sun Moon Dragon and his eyes were slowly evolving into the Sun Moon Dragon Eyes.