Chapter 949
===========

Chapter 946: Ancient Dao Immortal Chapter 946: Ancient Dao Immortal

"Indeed, at the moment of Heavenly Dao's destruction, Gu Chensha will face the greatest calamity. Heavenly Dao's essence and Gu Taxian's essence will completely fuse together. At that time, we don't know what kind of terrifying thing will be born."

Gu Chensha's heart shook after hearing Ji Ningsha's opinion. That's right, this was what he was worried about.

At his current level, he could already extract the eighth level, Immortality, from the sacrifices of all living beings. This was the realm of Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian.

Whether it was Heavenly Dao or Gu Taxian, the limit of their creation was the eighth level, Immortality. They couldn't reach the ninth level, the highest level, Immortality.

However, if the Heavenly Dao and Ancient Celestial Treading were entangled and destroyed at the same time, the terrifying thing that was born would very likely reach the ninth level of the Undying Realm. At that time, Gu Chensha would definitely not be its match. Only he knew how terrifying the ninth level of the Undying Realm was.

At this level, there was no distinction between good and evil. Destruction and creation were all in the palm of one's hand. If this terrifying thing wanted to destroy the world, it was only a matter of a thought. Gu Chensha had always been on guard against such a thing, but he couldn't stop it.

He could only wait for this moment to appear while accumulating strength. When that terrifying thing appeared, he could directly suppress and refine it to get rid of the danger.

However, in the meantime, Gu Chensha himself had to cultivate to the ninth level, the Invincible Undying Realm. Only by reaching this level could he resist the birth of that terrifying thing. Rumble!

While Gu Chensha and Ji Ningsha were communicating telepathically, the battle between the Otherworld and Heavenly Court was getting more and more intense.

After many clashes, both sides' strength was showing signs of exhaustion. It could be said that both sides were suffering.

At this critical moment, a giant hand descended from the sky, breaking through the layers of void and grabbing towards the Otherworld. The layers of the Otherworld's crystal barrier couldn't stop it and was directly grabbed by this giant hand.

The giant hand had an immortal light and was black and white. It seeped into the Otherworld and grabbed towards Ji Ningsha and the others.

"Giant mutation source energy."

Gu Chensha's heart skipped a beat. The holder of the mutation source energy finally couldn't hold it in anymore and started attacking these people.

Long Xiangtian, Liu Chansha, Ye Qingyi, Ji Ningsha, Yunnisha, and the others were all holders of the mutation source energy. They worked together to create the Otherworld. If they were subdued and obtained, they would immediately gain great power.

Their worship far surpassed that of ordinary Empyreans, Heavenly Longevity, and Heavenly Primordial realm experts.

In this case, if the Heavenly Court took these people in and used their sacrifices to forge a new Heavenly Court, even Gu Chensha would have a headache.

That was why Gu Chensha had entered this place in disguise and changed his name to the Sands of Civilization.

"You are all under me and become my subjects. I will not mistreat you."

"Long Xiangtian, I know you hate Gu Chensha to the bone. As long as you pledge your allegiance to me, I will definitely help you kill Gu Chensha and take your revenge." The voice came from the hand.

"The biggest holder of the mutation source energy has made a move."

Ji Ningsha was shocked: "He has been observing us since a long time ago. Now that we are surrounded by the Heavenly Court, he immediately made his move. He is taking advantage of this opportunity to rob us of our origin so that he can keep all the mutated origin for himself." "Damn it."

Liu Chansha also frowned. She tried to use the Otherworld's power, but she could only feel her source energy being grabbed by the giant hand. It was about to leave her body and fly towards the giant hand.

The other party's power was huge. Her source energy was attracted to it. This must be the biggest ball of mutation source energy. Buzz buzz … The Otherworld seemed to be sealed by some power. Then the huge source energy entered the Otherworld. The Otherworld suddenly shrunk and disappeared. Zhang Ziran and the others' attacks missed.

"Damn it, the biggest ball of mutation source energy has appeared."

The Sun-Moon Lord Hua Mingsha said, "We've finally lured him out. It seems like our plan is working. Let him fight with Long Xiangtian's group first, then we'll be able to pacify the human world."

"I'm afraid this isn't a good idea. If we allow that Hou to subdue Long Xiangtian and the others, his strength will increase, and we will be even more helpless against him. With so many of us working together, we are barely able to suppress the otherworldly world. In addition to that, there is also that evil person with a huge mutated source. The human world will be thrown into chaos again. We must hunt him down immediately." "Even if we work together, we are not a match for Long Xiangtian."

The Earthly Sovereign said, "That Liao's mutated origin is so huge that only the Heavenly Sovereign can suppress it. If we fight it, we will be devoured by it." "Then what should we do now?"

The Mighty Miracle God asked. In the depths of his heart, he said, "As expected, these are troubled times. Right now, I don't know who will be the final victor. I have to place more bets. I can't place all my bets on the Sky Emperor. Otherwise, I'm afraid that my end will be miserable in the future." "As long as you help me, I have a plan." Zhang Ziran said.

"Oh? What plan do you have? "Lord of Sun Moon Hua Mingsha asked.

"The power of the Mortal World is extremely vast and unbelievable. As long as it's truly activated, I'm afraid it can overturn everything. Although I'm the Lord of the Mortal World, it's impossible for me to fully activate the Mortal World after it's formed. However, as long as everyone here helps me, I'll enforce justice on behalf of the Heavens and operate the Mortal World.

Zhang Ziran said, "Once this formation is completed, the power of the mortal world will be gathered in my body, and I will be able to find the location of the source of the huge mutation. At the same time, the power of the mortal world will be completely strengthened, and all the cultivators who have cultivated magic power and lost their physical bodies will be tainted by the mortal world, weakening their strength. This will be the greatest power of the mortal world in the future." "Now is not the time." The Great Spirit God and the others were startled.

They all knew that there were countries collecting the power of worship in the human world. If the entire human world was filled with the power of the red dust, then it would not be easy for them to collect the power of worship. They wouldn't even dare to casually descend to the human world. If that was the case, they wouldn't be able to do anything.

In fact, the battle between the Celestial Thearch and Gu Chensha, as well as the possessor of the huge variant Origin Source, was something the Mighty Miracle God and the others could not wait for. Without order, they would be fighting day and night. Only then could they fish in troubled waters.

"What do you think?" Zhang Ziran looked at the Nine Heavenly Kings, Hua Mingsha, and the Earthly Sovereign.

In the Heavenly Court, the Lord of Sun and Moon was the most respected. The Earthly Sovereign and the Lord of Sun and Moon were on equal footing. The Chaotic Heavenly King was slightly weaker, but no one could control the other.

Now, if the three people in the Heavenly Court agreed and helped Zhang Ziran, he would be able to complete his plan in the human world. He would activate the power of the red dust and change the appearance of the human world.

"This is a very important matter. We must get the decree from the Emperor Of Heaven. If the Emperor Of Heaven is willing, we will be duty-bound."

Hua Mingsha was the first to speak. This person was created by the Emperor Of Heaven. He would naturally follow the orders of the Emperor Of Heaven.

"Alright, I will contact the Emperor Of Heaven. I hope the Emperor Of Heaven will give the decree." The decree appeared above Zhang Ziran's head. At the same time, in the Other World.

The huge Other World was still in the human world, but it had shrunk. It was hidden in a secret place in the human world. It was sealed by a powerful force. Then, many people entered the Other World.

Yuan Gu, Pu Tuo, Dou Sheng, dozens of Sky Primal experts, hundreds of Heavenly Venerables, and thousands of Saints and Gods.

These people were setting up a great spell formation, and a huge amount of sacrificial power poured into the otherworld. As the spell formation operated, a lot of undying substance appeared, which began to seep into the otherworld's greyspace and take control of it. This was a brazen attempt to refine the Otherworld.

But as the controller of the Other World, Long Xiangtian, Ji Ningsha, Liu Chansha, and the others didn't dare to move. They could only watch a young man with his hands behind his back staring at them.

This young man was wearing black and white clothes. There was a circle of light behind his head. There seemed to be two majestic forces fighting in the light, creating all sorts of terrifying scenes. The life and death of worlds were like floating clouds. Time and space were like quicksand. Long Xiangtian had only seen this kind of power from the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha.

"Damn it. I don't know what kind of dog shit luck this guy has. He actually obtained the largest mutated essence. That mutated essence is a hundred times bigger than mine. I'm no match for it at all. Now he wants to control the otherworldly world we've worked so hard to create, and we're helpless."

Long Xiangtian was very depressed. He was very pessimistic about his future. He was angry, but there was nothing he could do.

"What do you mean? Do you really want to fight to the death?"

Ji Ningsha saw a large group of people appear in the Other World. The young man in black and white clothes moved her formation into the Other World and started refining it. She knew that he wanted to take her foundation. But there was nothing she could do. This person was way stronger than her.

"Fight to the death?"

The young man in black and white clothes laughed. "The fish will die, but the net won't break. You're so weak. How can you compare to me? Submit to me and give me control of the Other World. That way you can avoid death. " "What's your name?" Ye Qingyi stepped forward and cupped his hands.

"Oh? Looks like you want to rely on me.

They all call me Master. But you're different. You also obtained the mutated source. You can call me Ancient Dao Immortal. "

The young man in black and white clothes said, "You people are named Sha because you want to fight for some future fate. But I'm one step ahead of you."