Chapter 546
===========

The two of them discussed for a while more.

With a shake of his body, Gu Chensha transformed into Wudang Xing and once again headed toward Gu Flicking Sword's fief.

"Brother, why did you come to see me this time?" Gu Tanjian still had a calm look on his face. He was not someone who was easy to deal with.

"I met the Immortal Master again."

Gu Chensha lied. "The Immortal Master bestowed me a treasure, but I am unable to use it freely. I want to use it to exchange for a bit of the Qi of the Sacred Dragon with the Alliance Head. I really want to raise my aptitude to the level of an Innate Sage." "Oh? What treasure did the Immortal Master give you? "Gu Tanjian's interest was piqued.

Gu Chensha immediately took out the Hundred Treasures Immortal River. The 360 treasures in it formed a complete set. The long river trembled, and its might was extremely great.

"Hundred Treasures Immortal River?"

Gu Tanjian looked at it for a while. It seemed like someone had told him the secret of this treasure. "This is indeed an item of the Immortal Master. It even seems to contain the Immortal Master's will. It seems like you are indeed the Immortal Master's subordinate. You did not lie to me."

"How would this subordinate dare to lie to the Alliance Head?" Gu Chensha did his best to flatter Gu Tanjian.

"Very good. This combination of treasures is extremely powerful. However, it requires an extremely large amount of magic power to activate. With my cultivation, I would need dozens of them to activate 30% of this treasure's power."

Gu Tanjian nodded. "I think there must be a deeper meaning behind the Immortal Master bestowing this treasure to you. You actually dare to exchange this treasure with me?"

"Riches are found in danger." Gu Chensha said. "Compared to this treasure, I still desire to cultivate to the level of an Innate Sage. This is the foundation of my life. To me, treasures are not as important as my own life. "

"This treasure is indeed powerful. However, it is impossible to exchange it for the Qi of the Sacred Dragon that can allow you to transform to the level of an Innate Sage. How powerful is an Innate Sage? Even the three Heavenly Venerables are unable to help me achieve such aptitude. "

Gu Shengjian waved his hand. "Unless you can cultivate the Dragon Nurturing Mental Cultivation Technique and the Dragon Creation Mental Cultivation Technique to the extreme, allowing yourself to become a peerless genius, then I'll give you a wisp of the holy dragon's aura, and you might be able to transform into an Innate Saint. However, that would be the lowest grade of Innate Saint aptitude." "No matter what, I hope the Alliance Master can fulfill my wish."

Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "Alliance Master, don't you want a natural saint to appear among your subordinates to wave the flag and cheer for you?" "Since that's the case, I'll fulfill your wish."

Gu Tanjian said, "I have a strand of holy dragon qi here, but it's not enough for you to transform. However, if you can obtain three more treasures like the Hundred Treasures Immortal River, I'll give you a strand each time. That should be enough." "That's the only way."

Gu Chensha knew how precious the Qi of the Holy Dragon was. A natural born Sage was much more valuable than any magic treasure. So, he gave the Hundred Treasures Immortal River to Gu Tanjian.

Gu Tanjian took the treasure and observed it for a while. Then, with a flick of his finger, the bottle containing the strand of holy dragon qi fell into Gu Chensha's hand. Seeing Gu Chensha's doubtful expression, he said, "Don't worry, I'm honest with you. I won't lie to you just for this."

"I trust the Alliance Master's character." Gu Chensha's eyes flickered. "In that case, I'll take my leave.

Let's find a place to absorb this holy dragon qi first. At the very least, I'll improve my aptitude and obtain more treasures from the Immortal Master. "

After Gu Chensha left, Gu Tanjian fiddled with the Hundred Treasures Immortal River. "This Wudang Xing actually obtained such a treasure from the Immortal Master?

This is unbelievable. This Hundred Treasures Immortal River contains the Immortal Master's will. Even though I can't activate it, I can still get the Great Spirit God or the Sorcerer Ancestor to refine it for me. It'll be a powerful magic treasure that can increase my strength. Moreover, if I can fuse this magic treasure with the Microscopic World I obtained, it'll be a great supplement. I've placed a curse on the holy dragon qi. After it fuses with my body, it won't be long before I can completely control it. "

"Gu Shengjian is really sinister. He even set up a curse in this Aura of the Holy Dragon." Gu Chensha had already used the Heavenly Dao to check the bottle. The Aura of the Holy Dragon inside was indeed real.

Now that his Heavenly Dao Art had reached the Twenty Three Transformations, "Past Reflection," his divination ability had greatly increased. With just a slight movement of the bottle, he could observe everything that was happening.

Even if a god, a sage, or even the three Heavenly Venerables tried to overturn heaven's secrets, it would be useless. The Heavenly Dao was far away, and the truth was everywhere. How could it be hidden? He had already arrived at the Lesser Divine Land.

This time, he had obtained a trace of the holy dragon qi. He would not use it immediately. Instead, he would study the mysteries of this qi to see if he could use the Heavenly Dao Art to create it. Or, he could use this qi to communicate with the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Universe. Then, using the Dragon Nurturing Mantra and Dragon Making Mantra as the foundation, he could deduce some secrets of the Holy Dragon Mantra.

He could use his magic power to create the Heavenly Dew that had about eighty percent of its spiritual effects. That way, he could simulate the holy dragon qi.

Of course, the holy dragon qi was billions of times more complex and powerful than the Heavenly Dew. Even if Gu Chensha understood this qi, with his current cultivation base, he might not be able to simulate it using the Heavenly Dao Art.

Fortunately, he wanted to obtain the secret of the holy dragon qi. From there, he could open a new window and use it as resources to comprehend more of his cultivation base.

"One day, in the Greater Divine Land, everyone will be a saint." When Gu Chensha returned to the Lesser Divine Land, he summoned Jin Suibo.

At this moment, the construction of the Lesser Divine Land was already on track. With the hundred thousand miles of island as the foundation, it spread out. Numerous living beings in the ocean had gained some intelligence. They prayed and gave out weak wishes.

The living beings in the ocean were weak and their wishes could not be compared to humans. However, there were many of them.

Gu Chensha saw huge amounts of wish power gather into a rumbling current and charge into the Biochemical Dragon Pagoda. Then, it entered the small chiliocosm sphere and became a stable source of energy.

Within the Lesser Divine Land, there were actually some living beings in the ocean who turned into human forms. They went ashore and prayed and made wishes to cultivate.

Gu Chensha combined the Maha Hell Suppression Scripture, the Common People Mending Heaven Technique, the Buddhist Sect's secret technique, and the essence of the Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Painting to comprehend the Great People Universal Purification Scripture.

Under the creation of the Lesser Divine Land, many living beings in the ocean actually reversed their bodies and turned into human forms.

For example, those sea monkeys were originally similar to humans. While cultivating the Great People Universal Purification Scripture, they absorbed the essence energy within the Lesser Divine Land and bathed in the rainwater that had 80% of the effect of the Heavenly Dew. They actually shed their fur and started to transform into humans.

There were some strong living beings in the ocean that had some cultivation to begin with. It was easier for them to transform into humans.

Gu Chensha even saw a few giant whales soaking in a few lakes in the Lesser Divine Land. They also started to transform into humans. However, their bodies were too huge. Even if they transformed into humans, they would still be giants.

The lakes in the Lesser Divine Land were nourished by the Heavenly Dew and the rainwater. They were even more effective than the spiritual ponds in some celestial sects.

In the Lesser Divine Land, Gu Chensha created many existences similar to the Lightning Pool of the Universe in order to help the strong living beings in the ocean transform into humans and replenish the Lesser Divine Land's strength.

The reason why the ape race was so strong back then was because they had the Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Painting. They were extremely similar to humans and had high intelligence. If the Chaotic Demonic Ape God hadn't been sealed, even Li Wanlong would have had to avoid it.

"Your Highness, you really obtained the Holy Dragon Blessing." Jin Suibo was a little excited.

"Not bad. Although it's only a sliver, it's enough for you to become an innate Saint. You cultivate the Dragon Raising Heart Sutra and the Dragon Making Heart Sutra. You're also the Lord of Five Stars. You're only a small step away from becoming an innate Saint. Right now, the Holy Dragon Blessing is the most suitable for you. However, before that, I need to properly comprehend it."

Gu Chensha said, "I used all my means to obtain this sliver from Gu Tanjian. He never expected that I would be able to thoroughly comprehend the Holy Dragon Blessing with my Heavenly Dao cultivation and understand its foundation. This sliver is enough."

As he spoke, Gu Chensha stretched out his palm. With a violent shake, the Heavenly Dao suddenly poured into the bottle.

The bottle immediately exploded. The curse within was forcibly extracted. Only a sliver of the pure Holy Dragon Blessing was left. This Holy Dragon Blessing was pure and contained a secret that not even the sacred could understand.

Even the three Heavenly Venerables couldn't understand the supreme secret of the Holy Dragon Blessing. Gu Chensha poured his Heavenly Dao cultivation into the Holy Dragon Blessing.

Immediately, the Holy Dragon Blessing suddenly expanded and rapidly absorbed Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao cultivation. Almost in an instant, Gu Chensha was about to be sucked dry. Fortunately, Gu Chensha had the support of the Spirit Space, so he easily stabilized the situation. Buzz …

After this sliver of Holy Dragon Blessing absorbed the Heavenly Dao cultivation, it actually turned into an old man with a human head and a dragon body. This old man had a human head and a dragon body. It was like a zigzag. It was like an ancient "Dao" character.

The old man opened his mouth and narrated the ancient scriptures and the deepest secrets of the universe.

However, this ancient scripture was intermittent, and some parts were unclear. It was hard to understand.

"Holy Dragon Heart Sutra."

Gu Chensha suddenly roared, "As expected, my Heavenly Dao cultivation can resurrect even Sages for a period of time. For example, that Chang Cosmos. If I pour it into the Holy Dragon Blessing, it can also resurrect the Holy Dragon Blessing, turning it back into its original form. In the Primeval Universe, the deepest secrets of the Divine Dao lie. Unfortunately, my realm is not enough. If I could reach the God Realm, I would probably be able to deduce the secrets of the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra. Unfortunately, right now, I can only understand bits and pieces of the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra." After a long time, the old man's voice gradually became inaudible.

Gu Chensha knew that he had reached the end. He suddenly pointed, and the old man turned back into the Holy Dragon Blessing and entered Jin Suibo's body.