Chapter 812
===========

One Second to Remember 09, providing you with exciting reading. Chapter 810: The Nine Heavenly Kings

This "Zhang Ziran" was quite outstanding, but there was nothing particularly mystical about him. He was hot-blooded, diligent, persistent, pure, brave, and other good qualities. If he were to be tempered, he would have a chance of becoming someone great in the future. However, there were too many youths like this in the Calmness Division.

If he were to be placed among the many youths that the Calmness Division nurtured, "Zhang Ziran" would be considered to be in the middle of the pack. There were many who were more talented, hardworking, and hot-blooded than him.

Gu Chensha had been observing him for a long time, and he had already seen through everything about this youth.

This youth's family was a third-rate aristocratic family, and he was from a side branch of the family. He wasn't very outstanding at first, and had been bullied by the family. However, because of some fortuitous encounter, he had matured and become a genius, and now he had a position in the family. He wanted to make a name for himself, and had done many things. There were tens of thousands of such youths throughout the country. This was a testament to the prosperity of the Yongchō family.

After speaking a few words with "Zhang Ziran," Gu Chensha began to search for the Emperor Of Heaven's Karmic Providence again. This "Zhang Ziran" also entered the portal and went to the Demon Subduing Stronghold to accept a mission, hoping to make a name for himself.

"The Emperor Of Heaven's Karmic Providence really hides itself well. Just who is it?

There are no clues at all. I've tried my best to calculate, but to no avail. It's as if there's a layer of fog in front of me. Of course, this is because my own cultivation and cultivation are insufficient. There's also one thing I haven't broken through and become a Celestial Lord. If I had become a Celestial Lord, I'm afraid the Heavenly Dao wouldn't be able to blind my senses. "Gu Chensha pondered.

Gu Chensha hadn't yet comprehended the Dao of Divergence, because it was more than a trillion times more difficult for him to comprehend than anyone else. Once he broke through, he would truly stand on the opposite side of the Heavenly Dao, and there would no longer be any room for reconciliation. Apart from that, after he broke through, he would even be able to peek into the true intentions and mysteries of the Heavenly Dao. [0↑ 9 △ Small ↓ Say △ Net .09 】 The process of searching for the Emperor Of Heaven's Chosen One was also a form of cultivation.

If he could really find some clues about the Emperor Of Heaven being the Chosen One, his cultivation would probably take another step forward. He would completely understand the Heavenly Dao, and it would not be difficult for him to comprehend a Divergent. His cultivation might even reach a terrifying level. Of course, the current Gu Chensha was already terrifying enough.

While Gu Chensha was searching for the reincarnation of the Emperor Heaven Earth, the construction of a huge alliance in the Black Heaven Earth Sect had reached its most crucial stage.

Patriarch Heaven and Earth, Xuan Xin, Immortal Master, Wan Senshi, Dharma Saint, Wu Dangkong, Heavenly Lord Victorious Doer, Heavenly Lord Yuan Gu, and Heavenly Lord Pu Tuo, the nine core figures of the alliance were still refining a heart.

That heart was the most mysterious of all the Infinity Treasures, the Infinity Heart. Although it was ranked the last of the Infinity Treasures, being the 36th, the profundities and transformations contained within it far surpassed those of the other Infinity Treasures.

At this time, the nine existences were injecting power into the Infinity Heart, and it started to grow.

The Infinity Thirty-Six Treasures were not as simple as they seemed on the surface. After they were born, they would continue to grow.

The key to their growth was actually very simple. It was the power of worship. The more power was sacrificed, the purer it was, and the faster the Infinity Thirty-Six Treasures would grow.

The reason why Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian's Infinity Sword and Infinity Blade, which were ranked first among the Infinity Treasures, couldn't tear apart heaven and earth, slash through the universe, and destroy the void was because they were just born and not in their complete form. It was like the difference between a newborn Black Tortoise and an adult Black Tortoise.

A newborn Black Tortoise was very weak and could even capture someone with ten transformations of the Dao Realm. However, an adult Black Tortoise was something that even a Sage couldn't deal with. An adult Infinity Thirty-Six Treasures was completely different from an adult one.

It could be said that if Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian joined forces, they could only fight a Celestial Venerable. But if their Infinity Sword and Infinity Blade reached perfection, they could kill Tian Shou with just one blade. Unfortunately, Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian couldn't control the worship right now.

Gu Changjian and Gu Tanjian had control over some tribes in the Wilderness, but these sacrifices were like a drop in the bucket. They couldn't feed the Infinity Sword and Infinity Blade, and they couldn't fully grow. Only when the destiny of all the people of the Central Plains gathered together could this divine artifact grow rapidly and become a colossus.

The Infinity Thirty-Six Treasures had already been born, including the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises that Gu Chensha had obtained, Fang Lin, and the nine Infinity Treasures that had been fused into the Divine Prefecture Gourd had yet to fully mature. But Gu Chensha wasn't planning on using these treasures. Instead, he was planning on seizing their essences and destiny to pour into his Divine Prefecture Gourd to refine his own magic treasure.

Otherwise, if he fed them to the Infinity Treasures, they would easily take over and cause him to be trapped. Even Wen Hong now understood the restrictions that the Infinity Cauldron placed on him, so he gave it to Gu Chensha and let him refine it.

The result was that once he gave up on the Infinity Treasures, Wen Hong immediately comprehended the Dao of Divergent and had a chance to reach the Celestial Venerable Realm. From this, it could be seen that Wen Hong was worthy of being the former Child of Destiny.

However, the Boundless Heart was currently being refined by the nine magnates. Apart from Wu Dang Kong and Xuan Xin, the other nine magnates were all incomparably powerful characters from the ancient times. They had created their own worlds, and within them, they had nurtured countless commoners. When gathered together, they could form a mountainous amount of faith energy, which could be infused into the Boundless Heart. Naturally, the Boundless Heart would erupt with immense power, and it would also grow rapidly.

The Infinity Heart inside the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth had already grown to the size of the Divine Prefecture. As it squirmed, it unleashed a powerful force. With a slight twitch, a large amount of Chaos Qi was sucked into it and turned into energy, which was then ejected and turned into "Heavenly Qi" that was of a higher grade than Immortal Qi.

As a result, the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth was greatly nourished, and the ancient Black Gate of Heaven and Earth was showing signs of evolution.

"It's about time." Patriarch Heaven and Earth suddenly stopped. "Have you sensed anything?

Heaven's Will is unpredictable. When I was refining the Infinity Heart, I vaguely sensed some kind of Heaven's Will. The Chosen One, the Emperor Of Heaven, has appeared. Did you all feel it? "

"I also sensed some fragmented information. When I put them together, it's indeed shocking. That's the Emperor Of Heaven we're talking about."

Behind Immortal Master Wan's bronze mask, there was a trembling voice. "However, I also received another piece of information. One of the Nine Heavenly Kings by the future Sky Emperor's side, Xiao Yan, has already reincarnated and became the Sky Emperor's protector in advance. This person reincarnated as a person of the Burning Land more than thirty years ago and established the Great Burning Dynasty." "I can see the future clearly now," Heavenly Lord Yuan Gu, one of the three Heavenly Lords, said.

Heavenly Venerate Yuan Gu, one of the three great Heavenly Venerates, said, "The future era will be the era of the true Celestial Thearch. We have been in a chaotic era ever since the creation of the world. There is no true ruler in this world. The unprecedented tribulation of Ancient Immortal Treading is actually paving the way for the emergence of the Celestial Thearch. Whoever can eliminate this scourge will be able to ascend to the throne of the Celestial Thearch and become the true ruler of this world."

"Everyone, it looks like we're going to find the Emperor Of Heaven's Destined One," said Yuan Gu, one of the three Heavenly Lords.

"If we take him under us, even if he worships us a little, we'll become the Emperor Of Heaven's teachers. In the future, we'll be able to attack and defend. Teaching the Emperor Of Heaven is a great merit. It's not so easy to obtain."

"In the future, the Emperor Of Heaven has nine Heavenly Kings. They help the Emperor Of Heaven operate the Heavenly Dao, monitor the world, and kill all kinds of beings that disrespect the world. Xiao Yan is one of the Heavenly Kings and is called the Great Burning King. He's the strongest person who controls flames in the world. Other than him, the other eight Heavenly Kings haven't appeared yet. However, as time passes, they'll definitely appear one by one, "said Heavenly Lord Pu Tuo.

"I didn't expect our cultivation to improve after condensing the Endless Heart. We've also obtained so much information."

At this moment, Wu Dangkong also spoke, "This time, I've received everyone's cultivation buffs and improved a lot. In time, I'll reach the peak of the Saint Realm and reach the Dao Realm 36 Changes. This is an unprecedented opportunity." "Indeed."

Xuan Xin seemed to be trying to please Wu Dangkong. "Since ancient times, the giants have never gathered like this, and the Endless Heart has never appeared.

However, you've obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Decree, which will be of great help to us. The Heaven Sacrificial Decree itself is under the command of the Heavens. Apart from that, it might be the best treasure to find the Destined One of the Emperor Of Heaven. " "That's right."

The Dharma Saint said, "If we use the Heaven Sacrificial Decree well, we can use this advantage to find the Emperor Of Heaven's Destined One."

The old antiques exchanged glances and nodded in their hearts. No matter what, the Heaven Sacrificial Decree wasn't just an invincible treasure. It was also the embodiment of the Heavenly Dao's will. It would definitely be of great help to control the future.

"Apart from the Heaven Sacrificial Decree, the Endless 36 Treasures are also the most important items to find the Emperor Of Heaven's whereabouts. Unfortunately, most of them are in the hands of Gu Chensha's Celestial Tranquility Department."

The Immortal Master couldn't help but sigh. "As for the Great Burning Heavenly King, because he was defeated by Gu Chensha, he actually abandoned his empire and pledged his allegiance to the Sun Moon Gu Chensha. If Gu Chensha finds the Celestial Emperor's chosen one and gets devoured, I'm afraid that no one will be able to suppress him.

"Looks like we have to secretly contact the Great Burning King, Xiao Yan, who is the current Burning World, to join our alliance. Apart from that, the brothers Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian are the reincarnations of the Endless Sword and the Endless Blade. We have to rope them in as well." "Rope in all the forces that can be roped in."

Celestial Master Victorious Battle said, "I've also received news that the Primeval Dragon Gate's The Great Spirit God and Primeval Old Man were expelled by Gu Chensha.

We can rope in Primeval Old Man, but forget about The Great Spirit God. Just kill him and refine him as a sacrifice to the Endless Heart. " "That's true."

Wan Senshi agreed. "I don't trust The Great Spirit God. Even the Celestial Tranquility Department is more open and aboveboard than him. The Martial Sage joined the Celestial Tranquility Department and became a Heavenly Venerate. The Longevity God is also about to become a Heavenly Venerate. If we join the Great Spirit God, we'll be killed and have our destiny stolen. There's basically no benefit to speak of. I suggest we kill this demon. " Mobile users, please browse M. Read for a better reading experience.