Chapter 167
===========

"Humph!"

Li Wangsheng sneered, "The Heavenly Talisman Emperor only has four old fellows under him, Takamagahara of the Hexapath Demon Sect, Wang Bei of the Evermourning Demon Sect, Ghost Axe of the Yama Demon Sect, and Shengong of the Original Sin Demon Sect.

It's undeniable that these four old fellows are indeed powerful, but they might not be so loyal to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

They are, after all, devils. Although they have been subdued, it's hard to change their demonic nature. Not to mention the great changes in the world, shouldn't they leave a way out for themselves?

They work for the imperial court, and if there's any benefit, they will take it. Now that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is in closed-door cultivation, my father has already sent someone to contact them. "

"If that's the case, then it's great news. If the four old ancestors betray the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, it will be a great blow to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, especially those two old fogeys who are the leaders of the demonic dao. The Heavenly Demon Sect is definitely not a heretical sect." Yuan Shasheng said joyfully.

"Don't be too happy yet."

Barbarian Emperor said, "As long as the Heavenly Talisman Emperor doesn't die, the four old fogeys will not dare to betray the Heavenly Talisman Emperor." "Even so, they are definitely not loyal and filial sons."

At this time, Heng Budong said, "In the imperial court, there are only eight marquises and three dukes who are loyal to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor: Jushi Marquis, Ironblood Marquis, Starsuction Marquis, Qianqiu Marquis, Demon Vanquishing Marquis, Treasure Gathering Marquis, Xinwu Marquis, and Zhenhai Marquis. Yuan Duke Lou Chongxiao, Yi Duke Li Sixuan, and Mei Duke Xi Chou. These people can't be underestimated. "

"These eleven are indeed the cornerstone, but there are also powerful figures among the younger generation." Li Wangsheng said, "For example, Lou Baiyue, Fang Lin, and the fourth prince, Gu Huasha.

Unfortunately, that Fa Wuxian won't submit to the imperial court, otherwise, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor will be even stronger. "

"Fa Wuxian wants to compete with the Heavenly Talisman Emperor." Heng Budong said, "But he's too arrogant and won't cooperate with us."

"I can't deny that Fa Wuxian is indeed strong. I'm afraid I won't be a match for him in the future." Li Wangsheng said honestly, "But compared to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, there's still a huge gap." "The geniuses in the world are as bright as the stars. Even the Sages are just the stars."

Yuan Shasheng had a complicated look in his eyes. "And the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is the sun and moon in the sky, suppressing the light of all the stars. As long as he is alive, even the Sages have to look up to his radiance." "He won't last long."

The Barbarian Emperor said, "Alright, let's get down to business. Although we've entered Bu Zhou Palace, other than sightseeing, there's nothing else to be gained. Capturing so many living beings to sacrifice and pollute is of no use." "This is just our first experiment. If it doesn't work, we'll have to think about it further."

Li Wangsheng said, "Barbarian Emperor, you should think about whether you want to pollute this place with more blood sacrifices." "Then let us return first and discuss with the other Barbarian Emperors."

The Barbarian Emperor looked at the broken Bu Zhou Palace greedily, as if he wanted to remember it in his heart. The regret of entering a treasure mountain and returning empty-handed was clearly shown in the bronze mirror.

The two Barbarian Emperors flew out of the crack and disappeared. They didn't find Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue.

"Seems like it's about time."

Lou Baiyue finally understood. "So, inside this crack is Bu Zhou Palace. This palace contains the profound theory of creation, life and death. It's a pity that it was heavily damaged during the war of gods and demons. But it still has spiritual effects and there are countless treasures inside. It's a pity that these people can't open it."

"Right now, only Li Wangsheng, Heng Budong, and Yuan Shasheng are left inside. Should we go in and fight with them?"

Gu Chensha calculated carefully. "Or we can see what secrets these three have and wait for a chance to leave them alone. Then we can deal with them one by one." "If the three of them join forces, we are no match for them."

Lou Baiyue said. "Even if the three of them are alone, it's not easy to kill them with one strike. But I see that the three of them are acting sneakily. What they said to the Barbarian Emperor wasn't true."

"The barbarians have never been trustworthy. They are asking a tiger for its skin by cooperating with the barbarians. But the demon race is not a good thing either.

But I don't understand. Yuan Shasheng is also from the barbarian race. Why does he seem to be closer to Li Wangsheng? "Gu Chensha asked.

"Although the Chaotic Demon God Ape is an evil god, he is also a demon. He is on good terms with Li Wanlong."

Lou Baiyue was well-informed. "In the past, they fought side by side against the old monsters of the Celestial Path. In the past several Wars of Gods and Demons, Li Wanlong and the Demonic Ape God of Chaos stood together." "I see. But between the Chaotic Demon God Ape and Li Wanlong, who is stronger?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Of course Li Wanlong is stronger."

Lou Baiyue said, "Li Wanlong is probably one of the strongest people in the world. Without the emperor, he could fight against the 72 sects of the Taigu Immortal Dao alone. You can see how strong he is.

Although the Immortal Dao Sects were always scheming against each other, they were still united when it came to exterminating demons. There was a bottom line in the battles between sects. The battles between the Fiend Race and the Fiend Race were fought to the death. There were no rules.

So since ancient times, the demon race has been in a state of disunity. But since the appearance of Li Wanlong, the rules among the demon race have been gradually established. "

"The demon race has been very arrogant since ancient times. I have seen many historical records. For example, in the mountains near the county, there are demons who often come out to eat people. There are also many demons who confuse men and women to absorb their essence. There are also demons who pretend to be gods and steal incense offerings. There are even demons who kill officials and don't get discovered in the court. It's unimaginable. "

Gu Chensha said, "Fortunately, the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty has purged the demons among the people. Such things have never happened again."

"Except for the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, there have been many demons among the people." Lou Baiyue said, "This is the emperor's strength.

Li Wanlong is also a great strategist. He suppressed thousands of demons, built the holy land of the demon race, the Nest of 10,000 Dragons, and opened up a time and space. It is no different from the Kingdom of Gods. What is more incredible is that the Kingdom of Gods is rejected by the origin of the Endless Land and can't appear in the world. But the Nest of 10,000 Dragons can. This shows how powerful this person is. " "If we deal with Li Wangsheng, will the old guy Li Wanlong come out?" Gu Chensha was very worried.

"Li Wanlong doesn't have the leisure to do that. Besides, he has been beaten by the emperor time and time again. How would he dare to act rashly?

If he acts, the emperor can kill him as easily as killing a chicken. He only dares to send people to cause trouble now. "Lou Baiyue waved her hand." Eh? Li Wangsheng seems to be making a move. "

As expected, Li Wangsheng, Yuan Shasheng, and Heng Budong watched the two Barbarian Emperors leave. They all smiled coldly. "The Barbarian Emperors can't be trusted. We will leave while they are gone. We will take the most important ancient treasure here."

"Looks like Lord Li Wanlong has a plan. Can he really open the seal of Buzhou Palace?" Heng Budong asked.

"Of course. This Buzhou Palace is the imperial residence of the ancient emperor. Not to mention us, even some old monsters in the celestial path can't open it. But someone can get the recognition of this palace." Li Wangsheng said confidently.

"You mean the descendant of the emperor?"

Heng Budong's eyes shone. "Actually, I came here this time because the spirit of our Heng Clan's saint told me to find a treasure here. It's called the Celestial Sphere. This sphere was created by the emperor's life. It can calculate the fate of heaven and earth. If we can get it, we can use it to calculate the location of the third volume of the Eternal Heavenly Book that our Heng Clan lost."

"The third volume of the Eternal Heavenly Book that your Heng Clan lost is indeed very powerful. It caused your Heng Clan's cultivation method to be incomplete. You have been unable to compete with the other saint families. But I heard that as long as your Heng Clan can destroy a temple, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor can calculate the contents of the third volume for you. Why didn't you agree?" Li Wangsheng smiled faintly. He didn't say anything about the descendant of the emperor.

"This is the decision of my clan's ancestor. I have no right to deal with it."

Heng Budong was also scheming against Li Wangsheng. "Our Heng Clan has also searched for the descendant of the emperor but found nothing. Since the emperor fell in the war of gods and demons, his bloodline was truly cut off. There is no such bloodline in the world anymore. Could it be that Lord Li Wanlong found it? "

"My father even divined the location of the Primordial Dragon Gate, let alone the descendant of the emperor."

Li Wangsheng looked around and said, "This Buzhou Palace's core is the Celestial Sphere. Whoever controls the Celestial Sphere will be able to control this Buzhou Palace. If your Heng Clan wants the Celestial Sphere, doesn't that mean the Nest of 10,000 Dragons won't get any benefits?

Whoever controls the Palace of Buzhou will be in possession of a bountiful paradise. Countless old fogies of the immortal dao will flock to it like ducks. If your Heng Family wants a piece of the pie, then you'll have to offer something in return. Otherwise, the Nest of Myriad Dragons won't hand it over for nothing. "

"This isn't something I can decide." Heng Budong thought for a moment. "Brother Wangsheng, what price do you want the Heng Clan to pay? We'll ask for as much as we can and return as we can. Even if the deal doesn't work out, we'll still be righteous. "

"I'm relieved to hear that. Your Heng Clan wants to bet on the treasure in many ways. No matter who wins in the end, they will benefit from both sides."

Li Wangsheng said. "How about this? This Buzhou Palace will definitely belong to the Nest of 10,000 Dragons, but we can use it to find the third volume of the Eternal Heavenly Book. What do you think?"

"This isn't a good idea. It's not that I don't trust the Nest of 10,000 Dragons, but what if something happens and you take the Buzhou Palace while we get nothing? Wouldn't that be a huge loss?" Heng Budong didn't believe the Yao Clan's promises at all.

The Yao Clan, the Barbarian Clan, and the Devil Dao had always fallen out with each other faster than flipping a page. It was common for them to go back on their word after swearing oaths.

"What's there to lose?" Li Wangsheng said. "Even without the Heng Clan, the Nest of 10,000 Dragons can still open this Heavenly Cycle Palace and obtain the Cosmic Apparatus."