Chapter 1042
============

Stand on the spire

"Impressive indeed.

I didn't expect The Fourth and Zhang Ziran to have such a trick up their sleeves. Even we didn't expect this. "

Lou Baiyue saw that The Fourth, Zhang Ziran, and many other Progenitor experts were praying, and they actually triggered the origin power of countless universes in the Human Realm. These universes began to be activated, and then released their power, accelerating their operation, and also joined the ranks of the resistance against Fa Wuxian.

"This is also Fa Wuxian's perverse actions. He has devoured many universes, and he has started to comprehend the ninth level of the Immortal Realm. He has angered the masses. Although the consciousnesses of these universes are weak, they can still sense that if Fa Wuxian succeeds in breaking through, they will not be able to escape the fate of being devoured. This is Fa Wuxian's doing. If it was someone else, even if it was Zhang Ziran or The Fourth, they would not be able to resonate with these universes." Wen Hong said, "This is the accusation of the masses. Fa Wuxian is done for this time." "I'm afraid Mister Wu Wu and the others won't let Fa Wuxian die just like that." Jin Suibo said.

"This is Chensha's plan. Chensha has already locked onto Mister Incorruptible and the others. As soon as they show themselves, he will begin to capture them. Thus, Mister Incorruptible and the others will be powerless in this battle."

Zhuge Ya said, "However, we are also unable to control the situation. Right now, countless universes are beginning to awaken, and their revolutions are accelerating. Many children of the Heavenly Dao will be born, which means that the experts of the Heavenly Dao Realm will appear like bamboo shoots after a spring rain. These experts will all join the ranks of those who besiege Fa Wuxian. If nothing goes wrong, Fa Wuxian will be sealed, refined, and turned into the world's number one magical treasure, the number one divine weapon. Whoever obtains this magical treasure will truly achieve invincible divine powers, and will be able to unleash undying power. I wonder whose hands this divine artifact will fall into. " "We won't fight for this divine artifact either."

Longevity God said: "Our new world's philosophy is to create everything by ourselves. Aside from our own mind, everything else is external, and everything will be created. Therefore, when we see a supreme divine tool, our first thought is not to obtain it, but to create a similar divine tool."

"That's right. This is the ideal of our new world. No matter what great things we face, we don't have any greedy thoughts. That's why we can practice the Dragonless Heart Sutra and cultivate to a supreme realm."

Lou Baiyue said, "This is a problem of philosophy. This is the philosophy of our New World. Any great divine artifact is far inferior to our hearts. If we try to snatch this divine artifact, it's like trying to snatch a bun from a beggar despite having mountains of gold and silver. How laughable and neglecting the essentials. "

"Let's just watch from here to prevent any accidents from happening. Anyway, we can't let Fa Wuxian escape this time.

However, I don't know which lucky person will be able to obtain the magic treasure that Fa Wuxian has refined. Once he obtains it, his strength will probably be above ours. "Jin Suibo said.

"Let's see.

Look, many universes have given birth to Children of Heaven's Dao. Those Children of Heaven's Dao are all experts in the Heavenly Dao Realm. Those universes have awakened and accelerated their operations. As we speak, some universes have experienced tens of millions of years, or even hundreds of millions of years. " Lou Baiyue pointed at many universes.

Everyone could see that time in many of the universes had started to accelerate, and countless exciting stories were happening. Some main characters were born. These main characters were just like Gu Chensha back in the Mainland of Infinity back then. They were able to turn any dangers into blessings. They grew, comprehended, and defeated powerful enemies one after another. In fact, there were even two universes that fused together, giving birth to two Children of the Heaven's Dao. They fought and killed each other, and eventually, the stronger existence was chosen.

A few hours passed. Zhang Ziran, The Fourth, and the others joined forces and trapped Fa Wuxian. Fa Wuxian began to counterattack and killed a few Progenitors. At the same time, the formation that The Fourth, Zhang Ziran, and the others had set up started to shatter. "Hahaha …" Fa Wuxian laughed maniacally. "All of you are going to die this time.

"Hahaha …" Fa Wuxian laughed maniacally. "This time, all of you are going to die. I am not someone that a group of ants like you can deal with. Even if you unite all the universes, I can still suppress you. Speaking of which, I have to thank that b * stard, Gu Chensha. If he had not humiliated me like that, I would not have been able to comprehend the intense hatred in my heart. In order to thank him, I will not let him die. I will make him suffer unimaginable pain." Kill! Fa Wuxian turned into a ball of black gas and rolled around arrogantly.

Countless universes could sense his evil intentions and the strongest resentment that wanted to devour the world. Bam!

Suddenly, a few universes trembled. All the origins condensed and the power of the Heaven Dao shrank. They supported the protagonists that they had chosen. Those protagonists instantly rose to the Heaven Dao Realm.

"Who would have thought that in the human realm of the universe, there would be such a demon that threatens the lives of countless universes. He has to be killed."

In a universe called the Jambu Universe, the main character, the Son of the Heaven Dao, appeared. He was a young man with a resolute face. He seemed to have experienced countless life and death situations and had a strong personality.

Lou Baiyue looked at this Heaven Dao Realm expert and saw through his fate. This Son of the Heaven Dao of the Jambu Universe was originally a small fry in a sect. His name was Fang Xie. He had been humiliated and had a fortuitous encounter. After experiencing love and hate, he had trained for 10,000 years and finally reached the Heaven Dao Realm in the universe. Now he had rushed out and understood his mission. He joined the Fourth, Zhang Ziran, and the others to besiege Fa Wuxian.

At the same time, dozens of universes were catalyzed at the same time and nurtured protagonists of the Heaven Dao Realm.

These protagonists had trained for tens of thousands of years in their own universes. Some had even trained for hundreds of millions of years before they broke free from the restraints of the universe and reached the Heaven Dao Realm. They stood out and started to besiege Fa Wuxian. Finally, Heaven Dao Realm experts appeared one after another under the agitation of many universes.

Each universe could only produce one Heaven Dao Realm expert. However, there were some special universes that produced two or three Heaven Dao Realm experts.

"Fa Wuxian actually influenced the changes of countless universes in the human realm. This is also Chensha's plan, right?" Wen Hong asked Lou Baiyue.

"That's right. Chensha had already predicted Fa Wuxian's perverse actions. He purposely turned Fa Wuxian into a female dog and turned The Great Spirit God into a male dog. He kept humiliating them, causing Fa Wuxian's hatred to approach the Supreme Immortal Realm. He destroyed many universes in the world. This was equivalent to accelerating the development of those universes, forcing out the infinite potential of the universes. Now that Fa Wuxian has gone crazy, isn't the potential of these universes being forced out one by one?"

Lou Baiyue saw it clearly. "Those universes accelerated the development of their potential, giving birth to one Heaven Dao Realm expert after another. Didn't this add a lot of variables to the world? A brand new era is coming. From now on, there will be as many Heaven Dao Realm experts as there were in the Ancestor Realm. Even those in the Supreme Immortal Realm will appear. This way, the world will become richer and the whole world will improve. Only then will Chensha be able to obtain more resources to comprehend the tenth level of the Supreme Immortal Realm."

"So this is Chensha's thinking. Indeed, the stronger all living beings are, the more resources he will obtain. If all living beings have low cultivation, then Chensha, who stands at the peak of all living beings, isn't actually that high." Zhuge Ya suddenly understood.

Gu Chensha had always stood above all living beings, or rather, he was opening the path for all living beings. However, all living beings had to follow closely behind him. For example, a pyramid. The higher the living beings were, the higher they could push Gu Chensha at the top of the pyramid. This was mutually reinforcing.

Therefore, the increasing number of Heaven Dao Realm experts wasn't a bad thing for Gu Chensha. In fact, it was a great thing. It would make it easier for Gu Chensha to comprehend the tenth level of the Supreme Immortal Realm. Therefore, all of this was Gu Chensha's plan.

At this moment, Gu Chensha was up in the air looking at a sphere. Within the sphere, there were four streams of black qi swirling around. They were none other than Mister Wuwu, Mister Wuxin, Mister Wuwei, and Mister Wuxiang. These four were forming a formation to fight against Gu Chensha.

Mister None spoke, "Gu Chensha, you are indeed powerful. But I'm afraid it's impossible for you to do anything to us. We'll have a long time to go on. " "Can't you feel that the billions of universes in the human world are revolving faster? Many Heaven Dao Realm experts have been born. "

Gu Chensha said to Mister Wuwu and the others, "This is all part of my plan. Actually, I still have to thank you guys for nurturing Fa Wuxian, allowing him to go against the flow. Only then would he be able to resonate with the universe, allowing my plan to be realized."

"You …" Mister Invincible understood what Gu Chensha wanted to do. "The more experts there are in the Human World, the stronger you will be. You will be stepping on the heads of all living beings to advance. No matter if the Human World is against you or for you, as long as they are experts, they will become your stepping stone, allowing you to reach higher heights.

Now that there are more Heaven-Dao experts, many of them won't be your subordinates, and they might even try to kill you. But they're still your resources. You'll gain a deeper understanding of the Undying Realm, and you'll be closer to the tenth level of the Undying Realm than you can imagine. "