Chapter 1092
============

Begging for it

Even Zhou Yang, who had reached the Supreme Immortal Realm, couldn't withstand the first punch of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's Ancient Immortal Trampling Fist.

The Eight Desolation Great Technique, the level-ten universal ring, and all of spacetime were contained within Gu Taxian's punch. Puchi!

Zhou Yang's system was completely destroyed. Then, he was punched in the chest, causing everything to shatter. His entire body exploded, and his vitality was greatly damaged. Bang!

Zhou Yang exploded, turning into black streams of energy and black data. The black data contained white runes and words. This was Zhou Yang's vital energy and data gathered together to form a peerless system.

The data and runes gathered together to form Zhou Yang's body. He stared at Celestial Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian, who sat on the throne. At this time, the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian was sitting on the throne again.

"This isn't a living being, but a terrifying essence. It doesn't have its own consciousness, and seems to be bound to the throne, unable to leave. This is my chance.

This is the best time for me. If I can devour it all … "Zhou Yang's vital energy was damaged, but his heart was burning with passion.

He knew that the situation now was extremely dangerous for him. But at the same time, there was also an extremely great opportunity. As long as he devoured this throne and the quintessence of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, he would be able to ascend to the heavens in a single step. Even if he was the main character of countless miraculous encounters in the multiverse, he would still feel like he was watching a child playing house.

All of a sudden, Qin Wentian seemed to understand Gu Chensha's state of mind. He was absolutely invincible, coldly staring at everything in the world. He didn't care at all, he was a game to the heavens and earth, there was no one who could challenge his position. "Although I've cultivated to the Invincible Imperishable Realm and become a hegemon of this world, compared to him, I'm still a little weaker. But if I devour this throne and the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor, I would definitely be stronger than him."

With a thought, countless data appeared all over Zhou Yang's body. Waves of power were forcefully squeezed out from the depths of his heart. "Damn it. This is the Old World. My Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique's power in my heart is greatly suppressed. It's very difficult to use it. If I were outside, my strength would increase a lot. " This was the Old World. Zhou Yang was restrained. However, this was also a chance for him to hone his skills. Kill!

The powerful data once again gathered into a system, which now had two universes. One was the new world, and the other was the old world. These two worlds opposed each other, but they also harmonized with each other. This was Zhou Yang's unique understanding of the old and new worlds.

As soon as the old and new worlds appeared, the suppression from the old world on him was greatly reduced. After that, he floated in the air and with a few flashes of light, he neared the throne and the Heavenly Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian. He similarly punched out with his fist.

"If this ball of Origin of yours finds a protagonist to possess, then with the help of the protagonist's body, you can perfectly display your strongest strength. Unfortunately, the protagonist hasn't raised the Gu yet, so it's hard for you to find a target to possess. I know that your biggest enemy is Gu Chensha. Now that I'm here, I'm the best body for you. Why don't you give up everything and let me refine it? I'll kill it for you. (If this chapter is not finished, please turn the page.)