Chapter 571
===========

"Will the Orb of People's Wishes be destroyed? Will the Celestial Steadiness Department perish? "

At this time, almost all the powerful beings were watching the clash between the black rainbow and the orb.

The black rainbow was the strongest eruption of the demons, the first release of the Devil Calamity. The curse of the multitude of demons that had accumulated for so many years, the power of the Minor Chiliocosm, all of this had to find a point to bear. The Calming Immortal Department's Common People's Wish sphere had been the equivalent of gathering the great destiny of the world, gathering all the wishes of all living beings within it. Then, it would inevitably have to withstand the baptism of tribulation.

This was something that Gu Chensha and the others had long since expected, and they were prepared for.

Wu Dangkong, Fa Wuxian, Gu Zhanjian, Xuan An, and the others were all watching. They knew that the world had undergone a brand new change because of this strike of the black rainbow. The world was in chaos.

"The Devil Calamity is so powerful. This is the first attack. I wonder if the Celestial Steadiness Department can withstand it," Xuan An thought.

"The Immortal Dao, led by the Crimson Cloud Mystic Sect, waited for the Devil Calamity to erupt, then launched the second attack. But now it looks like there's no need for the Immortal Dao to act. The first wave of the Devil Calamity isn't something the Celestial Steadiness Department can handle.

In front of this attack, the Celestial Steadiness Department's sphere is nothing more than a chicken egg, while the black rainbow's attack is like a meteor falling from the sky. The meteor falling from the sky had struck the chicken egg. How could the chicken egg withstand it? Of course, at this time, no one went to take advantage of it.

The impact was too great. Anyone who went would be affected. Even a Dharma Saint wouldn't dare to take this kind of attack head-on. If any Dharma Realm was hit by this kind of attack, it would end up like the Celestial Steadiness Department: destroyed and destroyed.

This black rainbow wasn't the power of a god or a saint. Instead, it was the accumulated curses of billions of demons over the years. It was also the foundation of the Minor Chiliocosm created by more than ten demons over the past ten thousand years, and who knew how many demon gods and demon saints had joined forces. The first attack of the Devil Calamity would definitely be recorded in the annals of history. Wu Dangkong was also very nervous. Her palms were sweating.

She was prepared to go there at any time to obtain the treasures left behind by the Tranquil Immortal Department.

"I never would have guessed that the first attack of the Devil Apocalypse would be so powerful. The Celestial Tranquility Department better not be annihilated. If the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise are all destroyed, I won't be able to obtain anything. That would be a loss for me," Wu Dangkong thought to himself. Time seemed to stop, but it passed quickly. However, at the next moment, the scene that all the Almighties had imagined did not happen.

The crystal barrier of the Life's Wish sphere didn't resist. Instead, it suddenly opened up. This was equivalent to a bandit coming in, opening the door and letting the vicious bandit in. This was suicide and courting death.

"Success or failure depends on this."

Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, and the rest were still praying inside, injecting their wish power into the sphere, while Gu Chensha was still refining the Primeval Dragon Sect's talisman.

Up until the very last moment, Gu Chensha hadn't been able to completely suppress the Primeval Dragon Sect's will.

If he couldn't suppress it, then the talisman wouldn't be able to perform the Stellar Transposition. The inside of the sphere would have to face the Devil Apocalypse head-on, and they would die without a doubt. There was nothing that could save them. But now, it seemed that there really was no hope of survival. Their future paths had been severed. These people had no future. They would die without a grave.

"As expected, until the very last moment, I can't comprehend the 24 Dao Realm Transformations and peer into the future."

Gu Chensha, who was furiously circulating his Heaven-Dao magic, could sense the destructive power of the black beam of light. He knew that everything was in his hands. The future of the Celestial Tranquility Department, and the future of the entire world, all depended on him. And yet, he still wasn't able to suppress the will of the Primeval Dragon Sect.

He watched as the black beam of light charged in. In just a moment, the illustrious Celestial Tranquility Department would collapse. The all-powerful Lord of Seven Stars, Lou Baiyue, Gu Huasha, and the others would all be turned to dust.

This was the second time that Gu Chensha had faced death. The first time, he had truly died. He had been killed by the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Dagger, but it had helped him cultivate the Heaven-Dao magic.

This was the second time, and he hadn't died yet. But in that instant, he saw his future. His life had come to an end just like that. He knew that he was dead for sure. But in that instant, he saw through his own future.

His cultivation had reached the 24 Dao Realm Transformations, Future Peering. The moment he succeeded, his magic power exploded. These were all changes that came naturally to him.

As his magical power rose, his psyche rose, and his cultivation base rose, he devoured the will of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate talisman. The talisman rumbled under his control, and under the power of the magic of the Heavenly Dao, the gigantic Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate once again descended into the sphere.

At this moment, the strength of the talisman that Gu Chensha activated was much stronger than that of a Martial Emperor. He could pretty much use all of the talisman's abilities. He even seemed to have found the true location of the Primeval Dragon Sect.

The talisman that had turned into the Primeval Dragon Sect seemed to have a suction force that started to accept the impact of the black beam of light.

"Okay!"

At this moment, Zhuge Ya's body turned into a dazzling star map that merged into the Star Shifting Formation.

The power of the black beam of light could destroy gods and break saints. But now, the Primeval Dragon Sect talisman had actually transformed it and absorbed it into the Star Shifting Formation.

"10,000 worlds open. All changes are within my control." Zhuge Ya knew that this was his best chance.

He used the power of the black beam of light to activate the formation and open a passageway through the chaotic flows of space and time.

Originally, with the Celestial Tranquility Department's strength, summoning the World Burying Coffin to receive this Connate Spirit Treasure would require nearly all of its power.

However, things were different now. With a slight Star Shifting Formation and the power of the black beam of light, opening a passageway through the chaotic flows of space and time was equivalent to using billions of demons, countless Demonic Gods, and Demonic Sages of the Demon Race, as well as the savings of more than ten Minor Chiliocosms to help the Celestial Tranquility Department summon.

The Celestial Tranquility Department converted this power and used it to attack the chaotic flows of space and time.

Immediately, a boundless passageway opened. In the depths of the chaotic flows of space and time, the shape of the World Burying Coffin appeared.

The World Burying Coffin was pulled along this passageway. Without any suspense, it was quickly teleported, passing through the layers of obstructions and arriving at the altar of the ball. No one could stop it, not even the Great Spirit God or the three Heavenly Venerates. This was because this summoning power was equivalent to the full-power strike of the Demon Race. Anyone who blocked this power would die. Gu Chensha used Star Shifting Formation and Star Shifting Formation and finally succeeded.

This was extremely dangerous. It could be said to be seeking life in the midst of death. If there had been the slightest mistake, they would have been completely wiped out.

The World Burying Coffin was as huge as a mountain. Normally, even if one wanted to summon it, it would have taken a long time to crawl through the chaotic flows of space and time.

However, the power of this Demon Disaster was too great. It directly pierced through the distant chaotic flows of space and time.

This was equivalent to an ordinary person trying to open a path in the Wilderness to transport goods. It was extremely difficult. However, it was different for a Deity rank powerhouse. They could open a broad path with a snap of their fingers.

After opening a passageway, the World Burying Coffin used this passageway to descend into the interior of the ball. This series of changes was completed in the time it took to take a breath.

The Demon Disaster erupted. A black beam of light rose up from the bottomless Sea of Sin and bombarded the Life's Wish sphere. Gu Chensha comprehended the twenty-four transformations and peered into the future. His magic power skyrocketed, and he subdued the talisman left behind by the Primeval Dragon Gate. He used the Heavenly Dao Art to activate the talisman. At the critical moment, he twisted the black beam of light, pierced through space and time, and summoned the World Burying Coffin. The World Burying Coffin fell into the sphere. The sphere wriggled and began to digest the World Burying Coffin.

The black beam of light continued to attack, but it was all distorted by the talisman of the Primeval Dragon Gate. Instead, it became the power to refine the World Burying Coffin.

Originally, even if the Celestial Tranquility Department obtained the World Burying Coffin, it would have taken several years or even decades to refine the coffin into the sphere and fuse the two into one.

But now, with the power of the black beam of light, the connate numinous treasure disintegrated almost effortlessly. First, the countless chains on the coffin were absorbed by the God of Wishes. The Tree of Wishes began to grow. The chains weren't really made of iron, but rather, they were made up of laws.

These laws dragged the World Burying Coffin through the chaotic flows of space and time, hiding and appearing and disappearing unpredictably.

After the Tree of Wishes absorbed these laws, the seal on the World Burying Coffin was immediately opened. Endless brilliance filled the interior of the sphere. The first to fly out were the seven great stars.

Zhuge Ya let out a long roar and the Big Dipper Shifting Formation was activated. He actually captured the seven great stars and fused them into his cultivation base. His thoughts fluctuated rapidly, "Hahahahaha … I finally obtained the profound meaning of the ancient seven stars. These seven stars did not return to the Heavenly Dao with the fall of Jiang Gongwang. They were suppressed in this coffin for ten thousand years, continuously honing themselves. They are now complete and endless. After I devour them, I can immediately transform into the ninth level of the True Dragon Technique!"

The profound meaning of the seven stars was once again devoured by Zhuge Ya. He also used the power of the black beam of light from the Devil Disaster to refine the profound meaning. Waves of aura that could distort heaven and earth were transmitted from his magical power. This happened in the span of two breaths.