Chapter 531
===========

"Very good. The Tree of Wishes has formed a Deity of Wishes. Although this deity is not a God yet, as long as it absorbs enough energy, it will be able to do so. However, the deity formed by this tree is still inferior to us God realm experts. Fortunately, this Deity of Wishes is actually one with me. It will listen to my commands without any other thoughts. This is also the brilliance of the Tree of Wishes. If it was the Heavenly Demon Tree, the 28 Constellations Fey God Celestial Monarchs would have awakened its own intelligence. Gu Chensha could naturally feel the changes in the sphere of the Life's Wishes.

If one's cultivation was not high enough to forge a God Weapon, one would be harmed by the Origin Spirit born from the God Weapon. This was a taboo when forging a Magic Weapon.

Especially when forging a Demon Weapon, if one's cultivation was not high enough to forge a Demon Weapon stronger than oneself, there was almost a hundred percent chance of backlash.

Immortal Weapons and God Weapons were slightly better, but there was still a fifty percent chance of backlash.

This was the difference between a ruler and a vassal. If the ruler was weak, the vassal would be strong. Rumble!

At this time, the battle in the Martial Saint's Paradise was getting more and more intense. Xing Qiongshi used the Divine Prefecture Grand Technique and used the Divine Prefecture Ominous Armor as a medium to descend into the Martial Saint's Paradise. On the other hand, the Martial Emperor used the Desolate Dragon Sect's talisman to spread out, trying his best to suppress Xing Qiongshi and snatch the Martial Saint's Paradise.

At this time, the nine God realm experts in the Martial Saint's Paradise, King Wu Yu and the others, all started to tremble. They used the power of the entire Paradise, trying to suppress Xing Qiongshi and the Martial Emperor. On the other hand, Wu Dangkong was forcing the nine Divine level experts to give her control.

"Xing Qiongshi, your main body is far away in the depths of time and space, doing something crucial. You can't split yourself away. This bit of power is not enough to defeat you.

If your main body came, I would naturally retreat. "The Martial Emperor roared," But now, you can't take away my Martial Saint's Paradise. " An even more intense shockwave descended upon this place.

The more intense the fight, the more I like it. It'll be best if you guys keep fighting like this. That way, I'll have enough time to steal the power of the world and transform the sphere of the Common People's Wish into a minor chiliocosm. As long as the transformation is successful, the absorption ability will increase greatly. By the time you guys finish fighting, I'll have already absorbed the Martial Saint's Paradise into an empty shell. "Gu Chensha wanted these people to fight, just like in the Dharma Realm. He aimed at the treasury again.

Earlier, after collecting the Black Tortoise Tortoise Shell, the Ten Thousand Immortals World Opening Banner, the Innate Treasure Basin, and the Great Killing Immortal War Spear, Xiao Chen set his sights on items slightly weaker than these Magic Treasures. There were even talismans refined by Martial Sages, large numbers of Medicinal Pills, and natural treasures.

In the treasury of the Martial Saint's Paradise, there were seven Godly Swords personally refined by Martial Sages: Slashing Thunder, Slashing Flame, Slashing River, Slashing Frost, Slashing Gold, Slashing Star, and Slashing Hell.

There were many treasures of this grade. Although they were not as powerful as Primordial Treasures, they were extremely destructive. For example, a cultivator who had cultivated the 20th transformation, "Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence", could use this sword to kill an expert with an Undying Body.

To a cultivator who had cultivated magic power, these seven Godly Swords were even more useful than real God Weapons. This was because a God Weapon like the "Wanxiang Shattering Rod" required the power of the world to activate. Ordinary cultivators would be sucked dry if they got their hands on it.

Just as Gu Chensha was preparing to continue searching for treasures, an extremely divine and domineering martial path, as well as a seemingly boundless battle intent, suddenly descended into the cave. Or rather, in the depths of the Paradise, there seemed to be an original spirit awakening.

"Martial Sage Summon!" Gu Chensha immediately knew that King Wu Yu and the others were going all out.

They activated the reserves in the Martial Saint's Paradise and summoned the Martial Sage to suppress them!

"Oh?

Martial Sage, you have finally appeared! "The Martial Emperor roared again," Although I am your descendant, I have already surpassed you. Martial Sage!

Back then, I had already reached the peak of the 36 Transformations of the Dao Realm. My cultivation was on par with yours. Now, I have comprehended the Deviant. In the future, I will definitely surpass the 36 Transformations and jump out of the Three Realms. "

As he spoke, the Martial Emperor released his Deviant aura, "Only I can control the Martial Saint's Paradise and unify the world in the future.

I will worship you and let you return to the human world. If the Dharma Saint can come back, so can you. Otherwise, with the current situation, the Wu Clan will only perish. King Wu Yu and the others do not have the ability to revitalize the Wu Clan!

When the Wu Clan perishes, you will lose your worship and you will sink into oblivion forever. You will never be able to break free from the Heavenly Dao and return to the human world. You won't even be able to manifest your spirit. As time passes, you will completely disappear and no one in the world will remember the appearance of the Martial Sage! " This was the fall of the ancient times.

The clans of the Sages would worship the Sages and exchange the power of worship with the Heavenly Dao in exchange for the chance of the Sages manifesting their spirit. If the clans perished, the Sages would lose the exchange of power and would sink into oblivion forever. It was that cruel. Therefore, the Martial Emperor had absolute confidence that the Martial Sage would support him.

Because the Martial Sage knew that only the Martial Emperor could revitalize the Wu Clan. King Wu Yu would not be able to do it.

As soon as the Martial Saint appeared, all the world energy in the Martial Saint's Paradise settled down. This made Gu Chensha unable to steal anything. He immediately hid himself and transformed himself, becoming a part of the Paradise, making it impossible for anyone to detect his presence.

"All of you, split the Wu Clan equally!"

The Martial Sage's vast body almost filled the entire Martial Saint's Paradise. He sent out a thought, "The Martial Saint's Paradise is a small chiliocosm. King Wu Yu and the nine gods will take one-third of the control. The Martial Emperor will take one-third and Wu Dangkong will take one-third. Work together sincerely. Otherwise, there will be a great disaster!" "Yes!"

Wu Dangkong immediately responded, "Lord Martial Sage, King Wu Yu and the others have killed many demons in the Demon Domain. Let me perform the ritual. With the Sacred Gathering Ritual, Lord Martial Sage will definitely be able to unleash all of his power and defeat the Xing Qiong Clan." "Good! Quickly perform the ritual! " The Martial Sage ordered.

At this time, King Wu Yu and the others understood the Martial Sage's will. They had no choice but to disobey the Martial Sage's order. He immediately threw a gourd into Wu Dangkong's hands.

At this time, the Martial Sage moved his finger and grabbed out three rays of light, which represented the control of the Martial Saint's Paradise. It was divided into three parts. King Wu Yu and the nine gods took 30%, Martial Emperor took 30%, and Wu Dangkong also took 30%. The remaining 10% seemed to be left behind, and no one could occupy it.

"The remaining 10% of control will be rotated. Whoever contributes the most to the Wu Clan will be able to obtain the 10% of control for 60 years! After 60 years, they will automatically hand it over. "The Martial Sage set the rules.

All of these changes happened in just a few breaths' time. The Divine Will rippled, and it was completed in an instant.

With a few words, the Martial Sage unified the Wu Clan's forces. He then sent a powerful will to the Xing Qiong Clan, "Xing Qiong Clan, you came to plot against our Wu Clan. All of this is futile. Leave the Divine Prefecture Ominous Armor behind!" Boom!

The Martial Saint unleashed his powerful will, causing the entire Martial Saint's Abode to rumble. A boundless World Energy pressed down on the Divine Prefecture Ominous Armor. With a kacha, the Divine Prefecture Ominous Armor was pressed down.

In a battle of this level, Gu Chensha could not interfere at all. Even if he used the power of the Life's Wish sphere, he could only protect himself in the dark. It was impossible for him to fight in it. He was like a leaf in a storm.

Fortunately, some corners of the Martial Saint's Paradise were relatively safe. It was like a safe haven for a typhoon. He hid there, waiting for an opportunity to steal the world's power again.

The Divine Prefecture Ominous Armor was extremely important to the Xing Qiong Clan. He only had two sets of this armor. How could he lose it so easily?

He had planned to use this armor to plot against Wu Dangkong. Now that the Martial Sage had taken it away, he was not willing to accept it.

This was also the world that Gu Chensha had predicted. Therefore, Gu Chensha still had a high chance of obtaining a big vote.

As expected, when the Divine Prefecture Ominous Armor was suppressed to the limit, the Xing Qiong Clan's will strengthened once again, "Martial Sage, even the seven sages of the human race combined weren't my match. Now that I have been reborn, I have comprehended even more. Even at your peak, you will be reduced to ashes in the blink of an eye. I will show you what unimaginable power is. Divine Prefecture Great Art, 100 levels! " A power that didn't belong to this world descended upon the Martial Saint's Paradise.

In the blink of an eye, Gu Chensha felt like the entire Divine Continent was being transported into the Martial Saint's Paradise.

The boundless power of the divine continent poured down, and the Martial Saint's Paradise was immediately on the verge of collapse. No matter how sturdy this Lesser Chiliocosm was, it couldn't withstand it. Even a Medium Chiliocosm would find it difficult to withstand it.

"Xing Qiong Clan is too powerful."

Gu Chensha's heart was pounding. He was proficient in the Seventy-Two Divine Prefecture Great Arts, and knew that the highest level of the Divine Prefecture Great Arts was the ninety-nine levels, which represented the ninety-nine prefectures of the Central Divine Prefecture. That was the limit, but Xing Qiong Clan had broken that limit. He had mobilized a hundred levels and combined them into one. This kind of power surpassed the three Celestial Sovereigns, and didn't belong to this world.

As soon as the hundred levels of the Divine Prefecture Great Arts were unleashed, it wasn't just the Martial Saint's Paradise that was collapsing. The entire Divine Prefecture seemed to be shaking, as if it was going to experience another earthquake, collapse, and shift mountains and rivers.

But at that moment, a majestic power emanated from the imperial palace in the old capital of the Divine Prefecture. In an instant, it suppressed the mountains and rivers, stabilizing the Divine Prefecture.