Chapter 891
===========

"Hahaha, since you've joined the Flying Dragon Union, you should be honest with me. I think you're a God, right? At this time, Long Xiangtian said to Gu Chensha's Zhou Wang.

"Oh? You can see it so clearly? Even I can't hide it from you? "Gu Chensha pretended to be surprised.

"I more or less have some secret techniques. For example … "Long Xiangtian suddenly slammed his palm towards Lin Fan.

Gu Chensha quickly retaliated and the two palms collided. At that moment, there was a slight explosion. Long Xiangtian didn't move at all, but Gu Chensha took three or four steps back.

"So powerful!" Gu Chensha was even more surprised. "Your palm technique even contains the power of the Holy Path? I feel like an endless dragon is coming towards me. Even the power of my world is no match for it. " Of course, Gu Chensha did it on purpose. He knew what Long Xiangtian was thinking.

However, Gu Chensha could tell that Long Xiangtian's palm technique not only contained the secret of the Endless Dragon, but also a bit of the power of the Great Stone Wall.

From this, it could be seen that this young man was really planning to take over the Great Stone Wall.

Gu Chensha felt that Long Xiangtian was very valuable. It was better to observe him in secret and see what tricks he had up his sleeves. He wanted to make use of Long Xiangtian's luck to reach its peak and then harvest the fruit. In Gu Chensha's eyes, Long Xiangtian was an immature Celestial Medicine. It wasn't time to harvest it yet. He decided to add fuel to the fire.

Long Xiangtian's luck and luck were like the smell of blood in the sea. They would attract countless sharks and beasts.

For example, if the Emperor Of Heaven saw Long Xiangtian's luck, he would definitely take Long Xiangtian in and strengthen his own forces. Gu Tiansha and Gu Xuansha would do the same.

With this bait, Gu Chensha would be able to fish out many powerhouses who didn't show their strength.

"Guild Leader's strength is truly outstanding." Gu Chensha pretended to be convinced by Flying Dragon's strength.

"Very good."

Long Xiangtian's gaze flickered, and he saw that he had actually sent a dragon-shaped rune into Gu Chensha's body to control him. He definitely wouldn't trust this Zhou Wang in front of him, but now he could completely control him. "Hmph!

Even if you're a Divine Realm expert, you won't be able to escape the control of my Soaring Dragon True Talisman. This Soaring Dragon Secret Art is a supreme secret that I've comprehended myself. In the future, I'll definitely surpass that Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Technique and become the highest profound that can truly dominate the world. "

"This child planted a secret technique in my body. This secret technique is quite interesting. I didn't think that the variable that appeared in the world would have such profound wisdom."

How could Gu Chensha not know of Long Xiangtian's every move? He was interested to see how far he could grow.

"Alright, we're on the same side now."

At this moment, Long Xiangtian felt that he had complete control over Gu Chensha. This was because Gu Chensha's aura, divine sense, and even his microscopic world were all under his control. "Let's carry out the plan." In reality, this was an illusion that Gu Chensha had given Long Xiangtian.

"What's the president's plan?" At this moment, Gu Chensha was also communicating with his divine sense.

"Listen up, this time, I'm going to break through to the Divine Realm and subdue the Great Stone Wall. Only by subduing the Great Stone Wall will our Flying Dragon Union have the ability to fight against the various powerful figures in the world. After I become a Divine Realm expert, killing Celestial Venerables won't be a problem." Long Xiangtian didn't hide his ambition.

"Then what do we need to do?" At this moment, some of Long Xiangtian's companions asked.

These companions were all people with extraordinary luck. Gu Chensha looked over and saw that all of them were peerless geniuses. In particular, there was a man and a woman among them who vaguely had the potential of being born with the talent of a Saint.

Actually, when Gu Chensha spread the Human Dragon Fist throughout the world, almost everyone in the world could learn it and use it to improve their aptitude. These people had obviously learned the Human Dragon Fist and used the Raising Dragon Heart Sutra, Making Dragon Heart Sutra, and Holy Dragon Heart Sutra to gradually improve their aptitude.

In the past, Gu Chensha wanted everyone in the world to become a genius. Now, he had achieved 90% of this goal.

Everyone in the world, even babies, would have the potential to become a genius after being baptized by the Human Dragon Fist.

"Protect it for me," Long Xiangtian said.

"At the same time, increase the reputation of our Flying Dragon Union. We also need to gather faith. The more faith we have, the stronger we will be and the more likely we will be able to subdue the Great Stone Wall." "Yes, we're already secretly doing this.

However, if we do it with great fanfare, we might attract the attention of the Imperial Court. The Imperial Court is very powerful now. "Gu Chensha said." If we're discovered, we'll be in danger of being destroyed. " "What's there to be afraid of? I already have a plan."

Long Xiangtian laughed coldly. "The world is going to be chaotic soon. The earlier we prepare, the more benefits we'll have. Don't look at the dragon-less cabinet, Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, Gu Huasha, and Wen Hong. They might be able to control the situation, but things aren't what they think. Don't worry, just do it. " "Since the guild leader has said so, we can make our move." The few men and women nodded.

"You're not strong enough," said Long Xiangtian. "First, set up a grand spell formation. Circulate your mental cultivation method. Follow my Dao of the Soaring Dragon. Gather your strength, penetrate the Great Stone Wall, and steal the spirit of enlightenment." Instantly, a profound spell formation was transmitted into Gu Chensha's mind. This formation and mental cultivation technique were Long Xiangtian's Dao of Soaring Dragon. “！！！”

Suddenly, Long Xiangtian uttered a syllable. This syllable was an incantation. It was a combination of three 'dragon' characters. These words and sounds were the sounds made by the dragons as they soared into the sky.

This sound contained the highest principles of heaven and earth. It was a secret that Long Xiangtian had comprehended himself.

As soon as the incantation rang out, Gu Chensha felt that the minds of these people were closely connected. It was as if a group of dragons had soared into the sky and soared into the sky. Then, this intent entered the Great Stone Wall.

At that moment, Gu Chensha could vaguely feel that the Great Stone Wall was about to follow the will of the dragons and fly into the sky. It would transform into a stone dragon, transcend the world, and become an independent entity. Under Long Xiangtian's infusion, the Great Stone Wall began to undergo a fundamental change.

"I've underestimated Long Xiangtian. If his sacrificial power is fully activated, it'll surpass the sacrificial power of a Heavenly King." Gu Chensha secretly calculated and nodded.

If Long Xiangtian became a sacrificial subject, then the purity of his sacrificial power would surpass that of the Punisher Heavenly King.

Punisher Heavenly King Gu Xingjian had taken control of the Inferno Continent, turning it into the Yongchō's Fen Province. Now, he had built a portal to the Four Wilds, and the citizens of the Inferno Continent had begun to interact with each other. Gradually, the billions of people of the Inferno Continent had become part of the Yongchō's rule. Everything was going very well.

Gu Xingjian was a Heavenly King, second only to the Sun-Moon Lord, the Emperor Of Heaven, and the Empress. According to the future development, no one could surpass him in terms of source power.

However, Long Xiangtian's source power surpassed that of a Heavenly King, and there was even a hint of untapped potential.

In fact, Gu Chensha had a feeling that if Long Xiangtian's potential was used to its fullest, he could surpass the Sun-Moon Lord.

He came to the commoners and actually found such a person, which was a good harvest. However, this also meant that the situation was starting to get out of control.

Whether it was the Emperor Of Heaven, the Yongchō and the Dragonless Cabinet, or the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian, they were all unable to control the situation. They could no longer grasp the future. As for what the future would become, it was impossible to predict.

In the future, if people like Long Xiangtian were to appear continuously, there would only be eight or ten of them, and the world would truly be in chaos.

Gu Chensha could not suppress them all, because there was still the Emperor Of Heaven to hold them back. “！”

Once more, Long Xiangtian chanted. With him at the center, there seemed to be a suction force that made anyone who got close to him feel like they would turn into a dragon and fly into the sky, obtaining true freedom. This person's body gave off a weird attraction.

"Not bad, not bad."

Gu Chensha nodded to himself. 'Although this person is a product of the situation that went out of control, he has his redeeming qualities. From his Soaring Dragon Mental Cultivation Method, I was able to draw parallels from other aspects and improve my Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method. I obtained some good ideas, and only by pooling my thoughts can I further perfect it. Peng peng peng …

A soft sound spread out from Long Xiangtian's body. In the blink of an eye, Long Xiangtian broke through once more, going from Dao Realm Transformation 27 to Vacuum Crushing. Breaking through realms was just so easy. For the next three days. Each day, Long Xiangtian would break through a realm.

Comprehending the primordial chaos from the twenty-eighth to twenty-ninth transformations was extremely easy. It was as easy as eating and drinking water. It could be said that even people with King Source couldn't break through so easily.

On this day, Long Xiangtian's body trembled once more, and the power of the world's birth and destruction erupted from his body. Generally speaking, when a Highgod created their own world, they would absorb energy from the primal chaos, then refine it into world energy. They would then evolve the way all living things operated, enriching their own world, turning it into an organic cycle.

But when Long Xiangtian's world was born, it didn't absorb any chaos energy at all. Instead, it absorbed the Dao Comprehension power from the giant stone wall.

This Dao Comprehension power far exceeded all the essences of chaos energy. It was even more than the power of worship.

The Dao Comprehension power was the king of worship. This was why Long Xiangtian's dust world was born.