Chapter 221
===========

Gu Chensha observed the terrain and knew that there were many secrets hidden in the deep sea near Baoyu Nation. There were many good things in the jade mountains and mines. It would be a pity not to explore them.

The deep sea was very dangerous. Even a Golden Dan Great Dao cultivator would find it hard to stay in the deep sea for long. The water pressure in the deep sea was no joke. It could even crush steel.

In the deeper sea, the temperature was so cold that even blood would freeze. There were undercurrents and flocks of sea beasts. Many Dao Realm experts had ventured into the deep sea in search of treasures, only to be trapped by the harsh environment and eventually die.

The sea and the Wilderness were completely different environments. In the depths of the sea, there were many unexplored treasures. However, Gu Chensha had something to rely on: the Black Tortoise baby.

The Black Tortoise was a divine beast of water and contained the laws of water. The sea was its paradise.

With the protection of the Black Tortoise, it could enter places that martial cultivators could not enter and discover many miracles. This was an eventful time. Every bit of strength he could increase meant an extra bit of safety.

Moreover, there might be restrictions set up by the Great Wei Dynasty in the sea near Baoyu Nation. This was the information Gu Chensha had obtained after capturing Gu Huo.

After discussing with Yu Hanlu, Long Yuyun, Long Zaifei, and other confidants, Gu Chensha flew up and left quietly. His current movements could be said to be stealthy. Soon, he flew to the sea near Baoyu Nation. High in the sky, his eyes flashed as he looked at the land and sea.

Using the Sun Moon Dragon Eyes, he could see that Baoyu Nation was like a big fish, carrying all things in the sea.

"Could the entire Baoyu Continent have been transformed from an ancient sea beast?

Impossible. Baoyu Nation is millions of miles wide, almost the size of a prefecture in Yongchō. What kind of beast could be so big? "

Gu Chensha laughed to himself and asked the Black Tortoise baby in the Sun Moon Altar, "There are good things in the deep sea jade mines of Baoyu Nation. Since we are here, which place do you think has the thickest spiritual qi?"

"The water around Baoyu Nation is full of spiritual qi, so the fish in the water are plump and multiply endlessly."

The Black Tortoise baby watched from the altar. "The seawater in the northwest is the most different. It's the deepest there. We can go there and take a look." Gu Chensha took out a map.

The borders of the Precious Jade Country and the surrounding seas were drawn on it. Some places were marked. This was the detailed map that the Frost Jade Dew had given him.

There were many marked areas in the sea near the Precious Jade Nation. They were areas with ancient ruins in the deep sea. There were even areas with ferocious sea beasts.

Although the jade mines at the bottom of the sea were more abundant, the Baoyu Nation only mined on land because it was impossible to dive into the deep sea. Only the top experts could enter and explore.

"Oh?

The northwest area marked on the map seems to be the area where the sea beasts gather the most. Rumor has it that the sea in that area is unfathomably deep. A barbarian fleet once came here to salvage something, but they were struck by the sea beasts. Even some of the marshals with copper skin and iron bones were eaten. "Gu Chensha immediately flew over and arrived at the sea in about two hours.

The seawater in this sea was extremely deep and dark green. There were whirlpools one after another, and the sea waves that spanned thousands of miles were turbulent. It was unknown how many giant demons and sea beasts were hidden in it.

"What a strong smell of Spirit Qi."

Gu Chensha took a deep breath. He didn't know what was at the bottom of this sea. The earth veins were extraordinary, causing many sea beasts to gather in this area. He didn't circulate his Earth Energy and directly descended into the sea.

He had already cultivated the Glass Jade Body. Almost nothing could destroy his body. He had also cultivated the King Dragon Armor, which made his defense even stronger.

But when he fell into the sea, he still felt that the huge whirlpool was about to grind him to pieces. In the face of the great power of heaven and earth, he couldn't stabilize his body and move freely.

"Sea Calming Pearl!"

Gu Chensha separated his hands and forced out his Innate Earth Energy. It turned into a fist-sized pearl that floated above his head.

With his current cultivation, he could suppress the sea within a radius of 50 miles by using the Sea Calming Pearl. But it was a waste of Innate Earth Energy, so there was no need for it now. He restrained his power and suppressed the sea within a radius of two to three acres.

The Sea Calming Pearl was formed by his Innate Earth Energy. It counteracted the undercurrent of the whirlpool in the sea, and he gradually understood some of its mysteries. The tides in the sea were very beneficial to his cultivation.

"The Sea Calming Pearl doesn't evolve like this …" The Black Tortoise baby would occasionally give him pointers.

The Sea Calming Pearl was a treasure that was automatically born from its body. Of course, it was most familiar with it.

Under its guidance, Gu Chensha became more and more familiar with the Black Tortoise Nine Treasures Transformation formed by the Innate Earth Energy. Just a few hundred feet deep in the sea, a school of ferocious strange fish suddenly pounced over.

Each of these strange fish was half a foot long. They were covered in scales, flat, and had sharp teeth. When they pounced over, they were as fast as lightning in the water. Their structure was not afraid of the undercurrent at all. Crunch, crunch …

There was no telling how many fish there were, but they were densely packed. They reached Gu Chensha's side like arrows and quickly plundered him. They bit on his King Dragon Armor and made the sound of metal scraping.

"These Bone Breaking Fish are so fierce."

Gu Chensha wasn't surprised when he saw this scene. He recognized that these were the extremely ferocious' Bone Shattering Fish 'of the sea. They formed groups and swarmed over their prey, and their teeth could even crush bones into powder before swallowing them.

Some people had caught Bone Breaking Fish before and realized that they could even bite through iron.

Even if one cultivated to the third transformation of the Dao Realm, Copper Skin and Iron Bones Realm, one wouldn't be able to block the random bites of these fish.

However, the Bone Breaking Fish was also extremely delicious. Its meat quality was even better than the Bull of Strength, but it was harder to catch than the Bull of Strength.

When some fishing boats met groups of Bone Breaking Fish, the boats would be instantly bitten through. Fishing with nets was a joke. Even iron nets would be bitten through in a few bites.

The Bull of Strength could also set up all sorts of traps, so the Bone Breaking Fish couldn't be dealt with in the sea at all.

However, Gu Chensha had seen these fish in his residence. Long Yuyun did business and transported a lot of seafood into the pass. The Long Family were the descendants of the Dragon God and Ocean God, so they had many exquisite fishing methods that others didn't have.

One Bone Breaking Fish was worth 1,000 yuan, which could be exchanged for two to three years of food and drink for a normal family.

The Great Yongchō was rich in resources and the price was stable. One yuan was equivalent to one tael of silver, which could buy 50 kilograms of rice or 10 kilograms of pork.

"The sea is indeed a good place. The resources are much more abundant than on land. If I can develop it well, the richness of my land will increase by several times. In the future, when I recruit Baoyu Country, I will build a merchant group here. "

As Gu Chensha's energy swept out, hundreds of Bone Breaking Fish were swept into the depths of the Sun Moon Altar and eaten by the Black Tortoise baby.

The Black Tortoise baby had a huge appetite and couldn't eat its fill. It loved to eat things with rich essence blood.

However, Gu Chensha didn't want to let it out to hunt in the sea. Once the Black Tortoise baby came out, the commotion would be too big and it would attract the attention of some people. The energy of a God Beast couldn't be hidden from some old antiques.

The Black Tortoise baby squatted in the space of the Sun Moon Altar and opened its mouth, waiting for Gu Chensha to use his energy to sweep the Bone Breaking Fish into his mouth. In just a short while, it had swallowed thousands of Bone Breaking Fish without even a burp.

There were tens of thousands of these Bone Breaking Fish, and they all rushed forward. Gu Chensha calculated that if it wasn't him but some other expert, even if they were at the Seventh Transformation of the Dao Realm, their Xiantian energy would be used up and devoured by the fish.

One had to know that using Xiantian energy in the sea was completely different from using it on land. The resistance of the water was great, and Xiantian energy could only protect the body and repel the seawater.

Fortunately, Gu Chensha's Xiantian energy was dense, and he was proficient in the Black Tortoise Secret Technique. His control of water was exquisite.

However, even if he didn't use Xiantian energy, with his Glass Jade Body, the Bone Breaking Fish wouldn't be able to bite him even if they were a hundred times stronger. Zi zi zi …

At this moment, a blue shadow that was dozens of feet long suddenly appeared from the bottom of the sea.

The shadow looked like a python, but it had a single horn. The moment it appeared, the horn released a strong electric current. With it as the center, many Bone Breaking Fish were paralyzed and died.

Then, the paralyzed Bone Breaking Fish were all swallowed by the blue horn python. The other Bone Breaking Fish fled in all directions, as if they had met their nemesis, and didn't dare to go up again.

"This is the Electric Dragon." Gu Chensha recognized it. It was a powerful demonic beast in the sea, the Electric Dragon.

A dragon was something that looked like both a dragon and a snake. It had the bloodline of the dragon race in its body, but it wasn't a real dragon. However, it was undoubtedly extremely powerful. The Electric Dragon was born with the ability to release electricity, and it was extremely powerful. In the sea, it was extremely fast.

However, the Electric Dragon itself was also an excellent material for refining weapons, and it was also a treasure.

The electric horn on its head could be refined into a lightning-type weapon, and its flesh could be refined into good pills. A drop of the Electric Dragon's blood could cure all kinds of diseases, and the best was to get rid of rheumatism and cold.

"Good stuff."

Gu Chensha formed a seal with both hands, and suddenly, his Connate Gang Qi evolved into a picture, which was not obstructed at all in the sea. This was one of the Nine Treasures of the Black Tortoise, the Mountain and Sea Picture. The Mountain and Sea Picture floated in the water, sweeping and wrapping around the Electric Dragon. The Electric Dragon couldn't move at all.

"Seal of the Sun and Moon, Spirit Crystal."

Gu Chensha moved his hands again, and the Dragon Gate in his body absorbed a huge amount of Spirit Qi from the depths of the void. It squeaked and compressed, turning into a crystal shell, directly sealing the Electric Dragon within. A drop of Spirit Liquid was very valuable, and a Spirit Crystal was a treasure among treasures.

Gu Chensha was now using the Dragon Gate to directly extract a huge amount of Spirit Qi from the void, compressing it into a layer of crystal shell that wrapped around the Electric Dragon that was dozens of feet long. If an expert from the Immortal Dao Sect saw this, they would turn pale with fright.

After sealing the Electric Dragon, he sent it into the space of the Sun and Moon Altar. He had time to make good use of the Electric Dragon to refine the King Dragon Armor.