Chapter 732
===========

The Martial Saint had reached the Celestial Sovereign realm on the Great Stone Wall.

The Great Stone Wall had come to life and transformed into a dragon, absorbing all of Lord Sun-Moon Gu Tiansha's attacks. Gu Chensha had taken advantage of this. The Divine Continent was filled with the techniques left behind by the Celestial Talisman Emperor. As long as one used them well, they would be undefeatable.

Gu Chensha cultivated the Divine Continent Grand Arts, and through his own comprehension, he was even more profound than Xing Qiongshi.

He had several advantages over Xing Qiongshi. The first was the Heavenly Dao Arts, and the second was that he truly controlled the power of the Central Divine Continent. This was crucial.

Unify the divine continent, establish a legal lineage, unite the hearts of the people, and fuse the destiny of the divine continent with the people.

This allowed him to have a profound understanding of the divine continent itself. In addition, because these people acknowledged your rule and pledged allegiance, they would infiltrate the depths of the divine continent and leave their mark. Each era would have a mark of a great figure.

Third, Gu Chensha comprehended the Dao of Sacrifice. He could sacrifice himself to help the divine continent, forming a bond of flesh and blood with the divine continent.

Fourth, as the son of the Celestial Talisman Emperor, his bloodline and will far surpassed Xing Qiongshi's. These four advantages allowed Gu Chensha to use the Central Divine Continent to do many things. Gu Chensha had won the battle against Gu Tiansha again.

The moment the Great Stone Wall had awakened and transformed into a stone dragon, Lord Sun-Moon Gu Tiansha had retreated, and the other old-timers had been intimidated. They didn't dare to come out and suppress the Martial Saint, fearing that the Celestial Talisman Emperor had left behind some other tricks.

The Martial Saint had borrowed the power of Lord Sun-Moon Gu Tiansha to smoothly ascend to the Celestial Sovereign realm and solidify his foundation.

Afterward, the Great Stone Wall continued to meander along the horizon, just like before. It was as if the dragon transformation had been an illusion. The clouds were calm and the wind was gentle. Ordinary people didn't sense what had just happened.

"Brother Chensha, now that I've become a Celestial Sovereign, I can use many of my techniques. Go back and consolidate the Wu Clan, then form an alliance with the Celestial Calmness Department. I will help the Celestial Calmness Department condense the Will of All Life."

It was all thanks to Gu Chensha that the Martial Sage had been able to ascend to the Empyrean rank. Naturally, he would return the favor.

The Martial Saint was different from the Dharma Saint. The Martial Saint still stuck to his original intentions. In this series of events, he was first rescued, and then he traveled around the world. He realized that the Department of Tranquil Immortals had indeed done a good job, and had reached the pinnacle of his thinking. Then, he successfully ascended to become a Heavenly Venerable. His ascension to the Empyrean realm could be said to be entirely due to Gu Chensha.

Not only did he obtain the resources of the Calming Immortal Department, but he was also stopped by Gu Chensha. It could be said that the Martial Sage owed the Tranquil Immortal Department a great deal of karma.

He was already the same as Longevity Bliss God, connected to the fate of Tranquil Immortal Si. They were bound together for good or bad. This was also what Gu Chensha wanted.

'The Tranquil Immortal Department now has another Empyrean. Moreover, after the Martial Sage's cultivation becomes the Empyrean, he will definitely be able to suppress everyone. By letting the Martial Sage persuade the other clans, he will be able to create a wave. Many clans will completely put aside their grudges, rely on the Tranquil Immortal Department, and govern the country together.' Gu Chensha pondered.

'Brother Chensha, I feel that the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha still has some uses.' The Martial Sage suddenly thought of a problem. 'Why do you say that?' Gu Chensha asked.

'We ancient Sages have fused with the Heavenly Dao. With enough sacrifices, we will be able to manifest our spirits. Now that the Heavenly Dao has weakened and the rules have collapsed, it will be much easier for us to revive.'

The Martial Sage said, 'That Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha can revive by sacrificing himself to me. By the same logic, sacrificing other Sages can also revive other Sages. For example, the current Cosmos Profound Gate. Chang Weiyang's whereabouts are unknown, and they are like a group of dragons without a leader. The hearts of the people in the sect are not stable. But if we can revive Chang Yuzhou, the hearts of the people will immediately be stable. Your Heavenly Dao technique can also achieve this, but your realm is not high enough. For this, we will need to borrow the sacrifice of the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha. ' 'This is a huge scheme.'

Gu Chensha understood, 'I will make a plan to let Gu Tiansha perform another sacrifice, and let him fall into my trap.'

'That Gu Tiansha will definitely not let the matter rest after his failure this time.' The Martial Sage said, 'I am just afraid that he will collude with the Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong.'

'Now that our strength has increased, and Lord Martial Sage has become a Heavenly Venerable, everything will be much easier. Moreover, we have basically obtained 12 of the Endless Thirty-six Treasures. The Imperial Court's Three Dukes and Eight Marquises, as well as the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong.

After the 12 of them are gathered, nurtured and condensed, it will be equivalent to 12 Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourds. How much power can this produce? Even the Sun Moon Lord can't do anything about it. 'Gu Chensha knew what the urgent matter was now.

'The Endless Thirty-six Treasures are extremely important. If each of them can unleash its power, it will be a world-shaking existence.'

The Martial Sage said, 'These treasures must not fall into the hands of others. Otherwise, the Celestial Calmness Department and I will be in great trouble.

The Three Ministers and Eight Marquises of the imperial court are the treasures left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. In my opinion, we have to protect them well and gather them in the Common People's Wish sphere. Only then will they be able to operate the Endless Treasure smoothly. This way, the strength of our Calming Immortal Department will greatly increase. Let's first suppress all the Mysterious Immortal Dao Sects. Apart from the Warlock Sage, I believe that the other aristocratic families will listen to my arrangements.

'I will leave the matter of persuading the aristocratic families to Lord Martial Sage. I am very assured of this. Also, I will look for Fa Wuxian and Jing Qiu now, hoping to obtain their Endless Treasures. These two people are wholeheartedly rebelling against the Imperial Court, but I will do my best to reform them.' Gu Chensha said, 'If I can't reform them, then I can only suppress and kill them to seize their treasures.'

'Naturally, we must kill those who are stubborn and want to bring chaos to the world.' The Martial Sage was decisive in killing. He was definitely not an indecisive person.

'Then I will leave everything to Lord Martial Sage.' After Gu Chensha and the Martial Sage came to an agreement, they went their separate ways. Within the Heavenly Designer Institute. Gu Huansha, Maha Suisui, Maha Linfeng, Maha Chengfeng, and other experts were all gathered.

At this moment, Gu Huansha's cultivation had actually reached the Dao Realm 32 Transformations, 'One Thought Connecting Heaven'.

She was just a step away from cultivating the 33 Transformations, 'Truth Saint Heart' and reaching the Sage Realm. Her speed was simply too fast.

'Huansha, who would have thought that the Giant Stone Great Wall was also a supreme treasure left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. This time, Gu Chensha used it to chase away the Sun Moon Lord, allowing the Martial Sage to successfully become a Heavenly Lord. Calming Xian Department's strength increased once more.

In a faction, having an additional celestial was completely different from not having one. The Celestial Tranquility Department had obtained the North Star Emperor and refined it into the King of All Life. Although it was still a celestial, the will of the North Star Emperor could not be completely erased, and there would be great hidden dangers. However, Martial Sages were different. After these ancient Sages were resurrected and promoted to celestial, they would be extremely terrifying.

His ability to use and activate it would be enough to push a medium-sized world to a terrifying realm. ' Maha Linfeng obviously knew about what had happened on the Giant Stone Great Wall.

"The Martial Sage has already matured. The Heavenly Lord Dao is different from that of a Saint. Who knows how many cultivators have tried to break through but to no avail?" Gu Huansha nodded her head, "Even we might not be able to become Heavenly Lords in the future.

The power of the Tranquil Immortal Department has been reinforced once again. I think that Gu Chensha has also taken advantage of the opportunity of becoming a Martial Sage to become an Empyrean to practice the process of becoming an Empyrean. This process is extremely rare and will be of great help to Gu Chensha's cultivation. It will also lay the foundation for him to ascend to the god-grade.

What I am worried about now isn't Martial Sage but Gu Chensha becoming a God Realm Expert. Once he does, his combat strength will be even more terrifying than a Heavenly Lord. At that time, it won't be easy for our Celestial Designer Institute to do many things. " "Things aren't easy now."

Maha Chengfeng smiled bitterly, "Now, the 360 Common People's Generals have all reached God Realm. Originally, they were just at the 29 Dao Realm Transformation and comprehended Chaos. Now that they have reached God Realm, all of them have their own worlds and are contacting each other to build teleportation gates.

Along with a Common People's Marquis patrolling and contacting people, our management ability has increased by 10 times.

I have ordered those aristocratic families who are worshipping The Great Spirit God in Xian Province not to act rashly. Otherwise, they might be uprooted. " "This is a problematic matter."

Gu Huan Sha furrowed her brows. "Our Heavenly Craft Institute has painstakingly managed to build up a huge reputation among the people. Actually, most of the people at the bottom still use our Calming Immortal Department's goods. After all, our machines are very cheap, and even the people at the bottom can afford them. As for those medicinal pills and the three-piece human-dragon set from the Calming Immortal Department, besides the real rich and powerful, who else can buy them? Of course, we can't mass produce them.

The difference between God Realm and not is huge. Now that the 360 Common People's Generals have reached God Realm, many things can be done. It isn't hard to change a province. "

"The moment the teleportation formation is built, the flow speed will increase and we won't be able to sell our flying transports."

Gu Huansha's expression wasn't good, "Moreover, the key is that those Common People's Generals have their own luck and luck. This means that they are out of Gu Chensha's control. In this fortuitous encounter era, the Common People's Generals bear the karma of all living beings and obtain the support of the people. If they can obtain fortuitous encounters, it will definitely be shocking. Countless Dharma treasures and elixirs would swarm towards them. That is the most terrifying thing. "