Chapter 684
===========

"Since you've pledged your allegiance to me, you must be sincere."

The North Star God moved his finger, and a colorful seed floated in front of him. "This is the seed of the Heavenly Demon Tree that I've refined. If you sincerely pledge your allegiance to me, put this seed into your own world. This seed will turn into the Heavenly Demon Tree, which will enrich your world and make it grow dozens of times faster than it is now. Of course, if you're disobedient and try to betray me, the Heavenly Demon Tree can instantly absorb your world and even your soul.

If you accept and plant the seed of the Heavenly Demon Tree, you'll be one of us, and I'll immediately give you the position of God of Lu. " "The seed of the Heavenly Demon Tree." A look of extreme fear appeared on Longevity God's face.

He knew that this was the strictest method that the North Star God was familiar with. Of course, it could also give great benefits to his subordinates. He also knew the mystery of the Heavenly Demon Tree. By putting it into the world, it could quickly absorb the power of primal chaos, enrich the world, create the rules of the world, and make it stronger and more perfect.

However, the control of this seed was in the hands of the North Star God. Once it was accepted, it would control the life and death of others, and it would no longer have freedom.

It was not like him joining the Celestial Tranquility Department, where their fate was interlinked. One's glory was glory, and one's loss was also a loss. This was equivalent to being a minister of the imperial court, and not being completely controlled by others.

"Damn the North Star God, how dare they try to control me."

Longevity God's heart was filled with hatred. "This method is inferior, far inferior to Wan Senshi, and even worse than the Celestial Tranquility Department.

But the strength of the North Star God is far above me. If I resist, I'm afraid I'll meet with misfortune. But if I just give in like this, I'm afraid I'll become suspicious. " "What?

You don't want to? "The North Star God's face changed." You'd better think it through. Don't refuse a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit. "

"Lord North Star God, I've joined the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, and Wan Senshi didn't control me, so I'm free. Besides, I've now obtained the position of two True Gods, and my cultivation base has reached the thirty-three changes Saint Heart of Truth, becoming a Sage. The world is vast, where can't I go?

After a period of time, my cultivation base will certainly reach the thirty-five changes, or even the thirty-six changes, and I'll cultivate my world to become a Minor Thousand Immortal World, and become a Celestial Sect. My status will be extraordinary. How can I be a slave?

For the sake of God Lu's position as a True God, I will become your slave. My life and death will be in your hands. How is that possible? Isn't this too laughable?

I can rely on you, but if you want to completely control me and turn me into a puppet, that is absolutely impossible. At most, we will have a life and death struggle today. Since I am Wan Senshi's subordinate, I more or less have some means of communication. If I use this method, Lord Wan Senshi will definitely come to save us. At that time, let's see if Lord North Star can withstand it. "

Longevity God burst into laughter: "I, Longevity God, am not a small shrimp that can be trampled by others. I am a Saint, you know, a Saint! I'd rather die in glory than live in dishonor. "

"Audacious!" Hu Gu Shen shouted, "You actually dare to roar in front of Lord North Star, you reckless thing. I'll suppress you right now. " "You?"

Longevity God also released killing intent: "You sly fox, using the tiger's might to intimidate others. If not for Gouchen behind you, I would have killed you ten times in an instant, do you believe me?" "You're courting death!" Hu Gu was about to attack.

"Wait."

North Star God stopped the battle and looked at Longevity God from head to toe: "Your words are reasonable. If you immediately accepted the seed, I would have suspected that you were pretending to surrender. Not bad, you are right. You are a Saint and cannot be humiliated.

What I'm doing is a bit too much, but you're a crafty and cunning person. If I give you the position of the True God of Lu Shen, you'll be able to fuse the three gods of Fu, Lu, and Longevity into one and your strength will increase greatly. In time, even I won't be able to suppress you. At that time, you might even plot against me.

So, I have a suggestion. You should eat the seed and be under my control for three years. After three years, the seed will be completely under your control, and I will retract my will. How about it?

You will work for me for three years, and I will give you the position of God Lu. You won't suffer a loss, right? We can sign a Sky Demon Contract on the tree, and it will be written clearly. No one can violate it. " "Sky Demon Contract?"

Longevity God thought about it: "Then let's see. I am determined to get the position of God Lu, and there is one more thing. Jing Qiu can't display the true secret of this position. He can't bestow Fortune to others, and he won't be able to bless the world. He can't use Fortune to govern the country, but I am different. If I get this position, I will be able to bless the Holy Sama Empire, and the Empire's Fortune will increase by at least three times. Jing Qiu, am I right? "

"If not for that, I wouldn't have given up the position of God Lu and let Lord Gouchen give it to you." Jing Qiu nodded. No one knew what he was thinking.

"But Jing Qiu, if you give up the position of God Lu, your lifespan and cultivation will immediately drop. Are you really willing?" Longevity God asked.

"I will naturally compensate Jing Qiu. I will give him something even better than the position of God Lu," said Gouchen.

"Besides, after you obtain the position of God Lu, you will have to help Jing Qiu establish the Holy Sama Empire. With your help, Jing Qiu's empire will rapidly expand, and the benefits he will reap might not be any less than yours." "Lord Gouchen is right."

Jing Qiu understood this principle. "If I don't know what to do and what not to do, if I establish such an enormous empire, then Longevity God, if you join us and help me establish it, won't the Desolate Desert be ours?

If the Calming Immortal Agency can accommodate the Lord of Seven Stars, do you think I can't accommodate a Blessed Longevity God like you? "

"Good. You have courage and breadth of mind. That is the way to do great things. You, Jing Qiu, aren't simple.

It seems that if I don't agree to Lord Gouchen's Sky Demon Contract, then I will never be able to obtain the position of God Lu. In fact, it will be impossible for me to leave without paying a price, "said Longevity God.

"That's about right," said Gouchen.

Gou Chen said, "But you have to understand that I don't want to kill you, I just want to subdue you. Because there is no point in killing you. Controlling you and turning you into a puppet will lower your value. Only if you are sincere, gain benefits, and work for me will I be able to bring out your value. You have to understand that, so I won't do anything to you." As Gouchen spoke, a contract appeared on the Heavenly Demon Tree Seed. The terms of the contract were very clear. It had been condensed by Gouchen's will.

"Release your psyche. We will sign this Sky Demon Contract together. If anyone violates it, the contract will be invalid." Gouchen had Longevity God look at the contract.

Longevity God looked at the terms and found them to be very fair. He would serve Gouchen for three years and obtain the position of God Lu. They complemented each other.

He released his psyche and signed the contract with Gouchen. Then he concentrated his psyche into the Heavenly Demon Tree Seed. Subsequently, he opened his microscopic world and absorbed the Heavenly Demon Tree Seed.

Seeing Longevity Immortal do this, North Star's complexion eased a bit. After Longevity Immortal completely absorbed the Heavenly Demon Tree Seed, it suddenly shook and cast a secret technique. At this time, the Heavenly Demon Tree in Longevity Immortal's microscopic world began to grow crazily. In an instant, it had covered one-third of the world.

Originally, when the Heavenly Demon Tree grew in Gu Chensha's world, it immediately plundered all vitality, causing the world to wither. Now that the Heavenly Demon Tree grew, not only did it not plunder vitality, but it also released dense spiritual qi and immortal qi, causing the world to inflate like a balloon.

"Rumor has it that Celestial Tranquility obtained the Heavenly Demon Book and that Gu Chensha cultivated the Heavenly Demon Tree. Then, it evolved into a Wish Tree, and now a World Tree. "Longevity God deliberately said.

"Hmph! Celestial Tranquility ruined my plans and must be destroyed.

The Heavenly Fey Tome was refined by me with painstaking efforts. It gathered the essence, Qi, and spirit of many ancient Fey Race sages, as well as the principles of words written in their blood. Originally, it called itself a world. Although I wasn't able to completely refine it, it gathered a lot of incense and faith. Sooner or later, it would undergo a transformation. It was all destroyed by the Celestial Tranquility Department, causing me to only awaken now. Otherwise, I would have completely awakened more than ten years ago.

How could those little bastards from Celestial Tranquility understand the true essence of the Heavenly Demon Tree? "Gouchen was very angry when this was mentioned.

In the past, Celestial Tranquility obtained the Heavenly Demon Book and used it to form a microscopic world to resist the attacks of many experts.

This book was different from ordinary microscopic worlds. It could be said to be a great treasure for the demon race to suppress fate energy.

"Now that I have absorbed this Heavenly Fiend Tree, according to the Heavenly Fiend Contract, Lord North Star should give me the True God position of Heavenly Fiend God." At this time, Longevity God naturally wouldn't let go of the North Star contract.

"What's the hurry?"

At this time, Jing Qiu smiled cunningly, "What kind of existence is Lord Gouchen? Will he confiscate it from you?

This God Lu's True God position is also very useful to me. I'll use it for now. After three years, when the contract expires, I'll give it to you. " "What?"

Longevity God said, "That wasn't what you said earlier. As long as I sign the contract, the True God position will belong to me. I didn't say anything about three years later. Lord Gouchen, are you going to violate the contract? You have to know that once the contract is violated, it won't take effect. " "I have the right to interpret the Heavenly Fey Contract."

Gouchen scoffed coldly, "Longevity God, you are still too naive. I can't give you the True God position now. Of course, if you cooperate with Jing Qiu and build a kingdom, you can use his position to make up for your weakness. You are a smart person and should know that the situation is stronger than you. Your greed has harmed you. You actually signed such a contract with me. Now, with just a thought, the Heavenly Demon Tree in your microscopic world will steal all your essence and make you beg for death." .....