Chapter 1072
============

Chapter 1067: Complete Death The current situation was very strange. Once the four realms were united, the ruler of the Old World would be born.

The ruler of the Old World would be the main character, evenly matched with Gu Chensha. Together, they would fight to be the next ruler. This would be Gu Chensha's final enemy.

However, even with Gu Chensha's current cultivation, he couldn't be sure who the ruler of the Old World was. All he could do was wait and see. If Gu Chensha could see through it, he'd be able to stand above the Old World. Of course, his cultivation hadn't reached that level yet.

In short, Gu Chensha was not invincible, but he only had one enemy now, and that was the master of the Old World. If he subdued this enemy, then no one in this world would be a match for him and would be able to shake his beliefs.

However, Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, and the others were still worried. They weren't worried about Gu Chensha, but about themselves. They hadn't comprehended the Imperishable realm yet.

If they didn't quickly reach the Imperishable realm, they wouldn't have a foothold in the coming battles.

"Chensha, the most important thing right now is how we can reach the Imperishable realm."

Lou Baiyue asked, "Right now, the mother nest, Arcana, Taiwu, and Immemorial Cosmoses all have a chance of ascending to the Undying Realm. However, I feel like our new world is much larger than these cosmoses, so our chances of ascending to the Undying Realm are much higher. However, I feel like I'm still lacking a little bit. As long as I comprehend that bit of essence, I'll be able to ascend to the Undying Realm. I haven't fully comprehended the laws of the new world yet.

"I feel the same way. I feel that even though we are the creators of the new world, we don't actually fully understand it," Zhuge Ya said. "We don't have any idea what the new world is. That's where we're lacking. " "Indeed. However, I feel that I have already comprehended some of the true secrets."

On the other hand, Wen Hong said, "I'm the new ancestor. I've broken away from the old world, severed my fate, and obtained the word 'new'. That's why I have a faint connection to the new world. I feel like I'm not far from the Invincible Realm."

"That's right. The Invincible Immortal Realm is an extremely difficult realm to comprehend. Our New World's current accumulation is more than enough for you to comprehend the Invincible Immortal Realm. To be honest, even if the four realms were to merge, it would still be much weaker than our New World."

Gu Chensha said, "But now, I'm going to forcefully open up the truth of the new world for all of you, so that you can all reach the Invincible Imperishable level. Mister Wu Wu and the others would never have thought that I could do something like this.

Once you've all reached the Invincible Deathless level, go into hiding and wait for the right moment to strike. That would save the situation.

Everyone in the world is calculating and plotting. However, my plot is the most profound and profound. " "Chensha, your cultivation base has reached this level? You can make us all reach the Invincible Deathless level? "Lou Baiyue was shocked.

"Of course, stronger than Mister Wu Wu and the others. In fact, I can kill them, but I'm afraid of harming them.

Now, listen to my arrangements. I'll use the tenth level of the Invincible Deathless Will to help you comprehend the Dao of the Invincible Deathless. I haven't reached level ten, but I'm very clear about some of the structure. "Gu Chensha said," This level is very mysterious. I've only comprehended less than one-tenth of it.

But with this one-tenth of power, I can evolve the multiverse to an unimaginable level with a single thought. " Rumble!

Just as Gu Chensha was speaking, many incomprehensible, indescribable, inexplicable, inexplicable, inexplicable, inexplicable, inexplicable, inobservable, and inexplicable appeared above his head. This thing had never appeared in the world before.

It wasn't material, it wasn't energy, it wasn't non-material, it wasn't non-energy, it wasn't mind, and it wasn't non-mind. No one could understand what this power was, and no one could tell what it was. Even Wen Hong, Zhuge Ya, and Lou Baiyue had no idea what it was. It was as if they were dumbfounded. However, this power quickly enveloped them and formed a large cocoon on their bodies.

The cocoon glowed with a color that hadn't been seen in the world before. In fact, it couldn't even be called a color. It wasn't a color, but it wasn't a color.

In the multiverse, even the highest lifeforms, like Mister Wu Wu, couldn't understand what this was. It wasn't that they couldn't reach this level, but they couldn't imagine it or understand it. This power surpassed their way of thinking. The scary thing wasn't that you couldn't reach a level of cultivation. The scary thing was that you couldn't even imagine or understand this level of existence. The level that Gu Chensha was using now was this level. And this was only one-tenth of the "Neither Being nor Undying" level. Buzz …

Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, and Jin Suibo, who were wrapped in the eggshell, were completely sealed inside. They seemed to have disappeared, and only a faint aura remained. "This is the Neither Being nor Undying Realm.

Actually, I don't want you to directly reach the Neither Being nor Undying Realm. I want you to experience the mysteries of this realm. At the same time, I want you to feel the highest level, the Neither Being nor Undying Realm. However, this is very dangerous, because this realm is too far beyond your understanding. If you can't control it, your heart will collapse, and your worldview will be completely destroyed. You will lose all your abilities and become a normal person, unable to progress any further. In the end, you will die with nothing left, and I won't be able to save you. " Gu Chensha's move was actually very dangerous. But it wasn't like he didn't have the confidence to do it.

As expected, within the eggshell, Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, and Jin Suibo's aura were getting weaker and weaker. Their will seemed to be disintegrated, destroyed, and subverted by an unimaginable power.

But it seemed that because of something deep within their hearts, their souls were not destroyed, and their hearts were still there. The four of them, in their own eggshells, had turned into a small flame. The flame flickered, and it seemed like it would go out at any time. But it didn't. Buzz … At this moment, Gu Chensha increased his power. The flame in the eggshell was getting weaker and weaker, and it was on the verge of death.

Suddenly, the flame represented by Jin Suibo went out with a puff, leaving only a few green smoke, which then dispersed. The eggshell also broke and disappeared without a trace.

"Dead, not dead, but completely annihilated. Even his energy has disappeared. It's impossible for him to reincarnate, and it's impossible for him to revive."

Seeing this, Gu Chensha sighed, "Jin Suibo's luck is relatively shallow. Although he has made great contributions by following me, if it wasn't for him, the Calming Immortal Department wouldn't have been able to operate so quickly. Unfortunately, he couldn't withstand the non-immortal realm, and directly disappeared.

This is the difference between the old world and the new world. In the old world, energy is conserved. After a person dies, even if he fuses with heaven and earth, and becomes a part of the source, if he has great divine power, he can destroy evil spirits, reverse time, and revive the person. This is because of the conservation of energy. But in the new world, because energy is not conserved, death is true death. This is also the biggest disadvantage of the old world and the new world. " Jin Suibo died just like that. He was completely annihilated, and even the current Gu Chensha couldn't revive him.

He had lost a great general, and one who had followed Gu Chensha all the way to the Central Divine Region, and had made great contributions. In fact, Jin Suibo's contributions were even greater than Zhuge Ya's. Jin Suibo had been an elder of the Everlasting Celestial Sect, and after joining Gu Chensha, when the Calming Immortal Department had first been established, he had roped in countless cultivators.

Gu Chensha still remembered those contributions. At that time, Jin Suibo had made alliances, exchanging resources, and doing business, making the entire imperial court flourish. The wealth of the Calming Immortal Department had practically supported the treasury of the Great Yongchō, and that was how the world had been able to maintain its rapid operations. That was why Gu Chensha was where he was today. He was in a very melancholic mood.

However, Gu Chensha didn't stop. He knew that Jin Suibo's death was just the beginning. If Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, and Wen Hong couldn't hold on, then they would die just like Jin Suibo.

"The Transformative Transformation."

Gu Chensha continued to urge the Calming Immortal Department. He couldn't stop now, because if he did, the deaths of Lou Baiyue and the others would be unavoidable. Given Gu Chensha's current abilities, he wouldn't be able to bring them back to life.

However, in the moment that Jin Suibo died, Gu Chensha had actually peered into some of the secrets of the Transformative Transformation, and his framework had become even more complete. This was one of his experiments, but the price he had paid for it was far too high. Suddenly. Wen Hong's flame changed.

When it was about to be extinguished, a bright light burst out. Within this flame, Wen Hong's body reformed and swallowed the entire eggshell.

Then, from the origin of the new world, a surge of energy came down and revolved within Wen Hong's body, taking away a large amount of energy. However, Wen Hong's life essence had improved. Undying Level 9, the Transformative Qi emerged from his body.

Who would have thought that the first person to reach the Transformative Transformation would be Wen Hong?

Currently, in this world, there were Mister Indifferent, Mister Inaction, Mister Indifferent, Mister Indifferent, Mister Indifferent, and Gu Chensha. However, they weren't humans, they weren't even living beings. Therefore, the first person to reach the Transformative Transformation was Wen Hong.

Fa Wuxian died the moment he was born, so it could be said that he didn't reach the Transformative Transformation.