Chapter 569
===========

"What I am worried about now is not the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, the demons, or the Immortal Dao, but the division of humanity itself. I can see that once the Demon Disaster breaks out and the world is in chaos, the ambitious aristocratic families will immediately kill officials and rebel, setting up their own. For example, the Legalists might be the first."

Number Four said, "For example, I'm from the school of Legalism. After the Devil Calamity broke out, I would definitely support Number Seven, Gufasa, as a puppet and make him the emperor. That would be justifiable. Moreover, the empress is from the school of Legalism. Second Brother is the crown prince, but he has no power behind him. How can he ascend the throne? " "If the Legalists do this, they will probably clash with Wu Dangkong.

I think they will support Seventh Brother, but it is still impossible for him to become the emperor. "

Lou Baiyue's gaze deepened. "It's true that those aristocratic families are ambitious, but their foundations are clear to see. We can still see their depths. What I'm most afraid of is that when the world is in chaos, many ambitious and ruthless people will take advantage of the situation to rise.

You have to know that last time, when the black gas eroded the sun, the mountains shook, and the demon stars descended, the profound meaning of thousands of stars fell into the world. What has appeared now is just a drop in the ocean.

If the Demon Disaster does not come, our Department of Calmness will reorganize the world and make everyone swear the Great Vow. With this thought, we can completely change the minds of those demon stars and turn the demonic path into the righteous path. Those who bring chaos to the world can become pillars of the country, but it is hard to say when the disaster comes. " "Sigh."

Zhuge Ya sighed. "Those reincarnated stars will definitely be able to govern the world in times of prosperity. But in times of disaster, they will become villains in times of chaos. " "Able to govern the world, villains in times of chaos."

The Fourth was full of praise. "Mister Zhuge's words are spot on. Once these reincarnated stars meet an opportunity, it is like a dragon returning to the sea, a tiger returning to the forest. It will be difficult to control them." "Only our Department of Calmness can hold on."

Long Yuyun said, "If our Celestial Pacification Department can become more powerful during this devilish tribulation, then we'll be able to suppress the situation and turn the tables around. However, the world will inevitably go through a period of pain." "Damned fiends, damned fiend calamities, damned fiendish natures."

Lou Baiyue repeated three times, "That bastard Dharma Saint wants to carry out the Spirit Demon Project. We want the world to be devoid of demons. We want to wipe out all the demons and eliminate all the demons. Even if this is the balance of the Heavenly Axiom, we want to change the destiny of the world!" "That's right, the Emperor is doing the same thing as the Emperor."

Zhuge Ya said, "This is also the reason why I sought refuge with His Majesty. If I had followed the original trajectory of fate, I would have ended up the same as Jiang Gongwang. In the end, I would have fallen and returned to the stars. What was the point? He might as well go all out for once.

As long as my plan succeeds this time, I'll be able to replace the flower with the tree, shift the stars, and successfully obtain the World Burying Coffin. From there, I'll be able to absorb the ancient Seven Star Esoteric Meaning. With the addition of the two esoteric meanings, I'll be able to make a breakthrough and raise the quality of my magic power to the same level as the Dharma Saint, reaching the ninth level of the True Dragon Technique. "

Even for the ancient Son of Heaven, the quality of the True Dragon Technique was only around nine to five.

The Dharma Saint had reached the ninth level of the True Dragon Technique, which was why he was so ferocious and resisted the call of the Heavenly Axiom. Zhuge Ya would be the same.

"I don't know how Chensha is doing this time. We can't relax either. We'll do our best to operate the sphere. Being able to use a portion of our power is still a portion of our power."

Lou Baiyue was now an Innate Saint. Her prayers and vow power of will weren't something ordinary cultivators could compare to.

At this time, Zhuge Ya, the Fourth, him, and even the four sacred beasts, as well as the other core members of the Calming Immortal Department, all started to pray and vow, gathering the power of will. Rumble!

This power of will directly seeped into the interior of the Minor Chiliocosm, driving the sphere's operation.

The power of will of an Innate Saint was immense. The nourishment it provided to the world was almost the same as that of a Deity expert. This was also the reason why many forces hoped that an Innate Saint would appear in their clan.

Of course, Innate Saints had their own ideas. They definitely wouldn't pray or offer sacrifices to a certain existence.

For example, Fa Wuxian. Although he was born in the School of Legalism, he was arrogant and unruly. He didn't pray or offer sacrifices to the Dharma Saint, nor did he contribute to the Dharma Realm. This had incurred the dissatisfaction of the old antiques, who didn't even give him the Primordial Chaos Holy Pill and the many primordial treasures and artifacts.

Everyone in the Calming Immortal Department was united. There was basically no disloyalty. Of course, this was because they were still in the early stages of their business. Everyone was hot-blooded and sincere. As time passed, all sorts of drawbacks would appear. It was inevitable that a hollow tree would grow worms over time.

Everyone in the Calming Immortal Department began to pray. In the distant Minor Divine Prefecture, Jin Suibo had long since received the news. He gathered all the cultivators and prayed without a care for anything else, providing the Minor Chiliocosm with power.

The entire Minor Divine Prefecture's aura was boiling, and fate energy was condensing. The boundary of the Minor Divine Prefecture became denser and denser. Billions of ant-like Divine Generals appeared on it. They were born and destroyed at will, forming an extremely powerful defensive formation.

Ever since this Minor Divine Prefecture was established, Gu Chensha had set up great formations time and time again. He had even sent down Heavenly Dew. Now that he had created Heavenly Dew, it had 80% of the true Heavenly Dew's magical effects. It fell everywhere in the Minor Divine Prefecture. After all the cultivators were nourished, their cultivation advanced rapidly, causing the power of prayer to become purer.

This small Divine Region had already become a huge sect. Over two hundred thousand cultivators were gathered in the continent on the sea which had a range of several hundred thousand lis, spreading out in all directions. Disregarding high-end battle prowess and Divine level experts, this number had already surpassed any of the 72 sects. Even the Black Heaven Earth Gate couldn't compare to the mid-level combat power.

Of course, if the high-level combat power was taken into account, this Minor Divine Prefecture was just a motley crew. It was just that their numbers were huge. However, if a Immortal level expert or a Saint came and destroyed the boundary, many people would immediately scatter like birds and beasts. Time ticked by. Suddenly, a red light rose up from the sea. It was the sunrise.

The sunrise meant that the seventh day was coming. However, this sunrise was different from the past. There was a layer of blood red on it, and indistinct sounds of ghosts crying and gods howling could be heard. This was a strange phenomenon.

"The sun bleeds, and all lives are destroyed."

At this moment, many experts also saw this situation. In the depths of the Eastern Wilderness, in a mountain, among the weeds, an old cultivator who was about to die sighed.

"The calamity of heaven and earth, the battle of spirits and demons, the clash of yin and yang, and the lives are in misery." In an unknown depth at the bottom of the sea, in a cave, a cultivator opened his eyes.

"The world has changed. The massacre is about to begin. Calamities will continue. The sky and earth will change. Time and space will shatter. I'm afraid this calamity will be difficult to change. It will also be the greatest calamity in history." In the depths of time and space, some ancient voices intertwined with each other.

The appearance of the Demon Calamity was just a prelude. It wasn't a great calamity. However, this little spark could cause the situation to explode.

"The calamity is about to begin."

Suddenly, Zhuge Ya opened his eyes and saw the blood-red sun. Between the heaven and earth, everything was stained with a layer of blood. He looked worriedly at Gu Chensha, who was still fighting with the Desolate Eon Dragon Sect's will. His heart sank.

If Gu Chensha couldn't defeat the Desolate Eon Dragon Sect's will this time, the entire Calming Xian Department would be annihilated. They definitely wouldn't be able to withstand the attack of the demon allied army. Far away in the depths of the Eastern Wilderness, in the Cosmos Profound Gate.

Supreme Xuandu, Chang Weiyang, and Wen Hong gathered together again. The three of them operated the Heavenly Dao and calculated the future. They also saw the great blood-colored sun rise.

"It's about to begin. The changes in the world are unstoppable."

Wen Hong stood up abruptly. "I wonder if the little guys from the Calming Xian Department can withstand it."

"According to common sense, there is basically no hope of resisting." Chang Weiyang shook her head. "Even our Cosmos Profound Sect will be the first to bear the brunt. We will definitely be annihilated.

You must know that this time, the Demon Calamity was initiated by dozens of demons. Among them, there will be at least ten minor chiliocosms working together to attack. I'm afraid that with the first attack, the Calming Xian Department's Common People's Wish sphere will collapse. " "I hope that these little guys can surprise us."

Chang Weiyang said, "If they can withstand it this time, then it will truly be unstoppable. After this great calamity, it will be considered complete. Then, we can support them with all our strength." "I wonder what exactly is happening inside the sphere."

Chang Weiyang said, "That sphere is a minor chiliocosm. There are many changes that can't be seen at all. I also wonder what these little guys have prepared. I'm very curious. Chang Weiyang, you have set up many methods. Do you know what they are relying on now? "

"I've lost contact with my son, Tai Mang Di. He has entered the sphere and seems to want to live and die with the Calming Xian Department. All information has been cut off."

Chang Weiyang shook his head. "It is very possible. The Calming Xian Department is indeed carrying out a huge plan that they don't want anyone to know about. If this news is leaked, then the plan can't be carried out."

"That Gu Chensha has cultivated the Heavenly Dao Technique, so he shouldn't be destroyed. Once the Heavenly Dao Technique is cultivated, his body is almost the same as the Heavenly Dao. Even if he is cut into countless pieces and completely destroyed, he can still be reborn. This is different from other powers.

Chang Weiyang said, "However, the Heaven Dao Technique hasn't appeared since ancient times. I don't know what it is." "I want to see what Heaven Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian left behind."

Chang Weiyang said, "Logically, he wouldn't allow the Divine Continent to be in chaos. Last time, Xing Qiongshi used the 100th level of the Divine Continent Technique. That strike was truly destructive but it was still suppressed. Xing Qiongshi was also injured." "We can only wait and see what happens next."

Wen Hong sighed, "Logically, these little fellows probably knew that the Devil Calamity was about to erupt. Usually, Gu Chensha would come to us for help. But this time, he didn't come. He didn't even send us a message. From this, we can see that he wants to fight against the Devil Calamity alone. He doesn't want to drag us in first. "