Chapter 252
===========

Gu Chensha couldn't see through Que Ying 'er's cultivation base at all. He could only feel that the demonic qi in her body was as vast as the mountains and seas. It was deep and unfathomable like the vast starry sky. Based on her aura alone, this demonic woman far surpassed Jing Fanxing and Gu Huo.

She was the concubine of Demon Saint Li Wanlong and the one who held the true power in the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons.

As she spoke with Gu Chensha, she controlled the situation in the castle. Next, she would refine Gu Chensha into a Corpse Demon puppet.

Her body emitted black qi that seemed to be formed by many vengeful spirits. These vengeful spirits and resentment had existed for a long time and were collected from an unknown abyss. After painstakingly refining them, they could contaminate the soul and control the body.

Gu Chensha discerned that this cultivation technique was called the Demonic Demon Refinement Vengeance Technique. So long as one was contaminated by this qi, the person would become a walking corpse that only knew how to slaughter and completely obeyed the master's orders, and it was extremely vicious.

"Kill!"

In the face of danger, Gu Chensha erupted with unprecedented battle intent. He was not afraid at all as he circulated his astral qi with the power to destroy evil. Moreover, his will instantly communicated with the Nine Heavens Stars.

The stars in the sky faintly descended and condensed into Constellation Demon Gods around him. Flames surged and refined the black qi, firmly protecting him.

"Twenty-eight Constellation Demon God Transformation? A supreme martial art recorded in the Book of Heavenly Demons.

Very good. I didn't expect you to have cultivated the Seven Constellations of Black Tortoise. Unfortunately, this little skill is like the light of a firefly in front of me.

If I wanted to kill you, I could do it in an instant. However, to refine you and turn you into a Corpse Demon puppet, it would take some effort to make you beg for death. "

Que Ying 'er did not care about Gu Chensha's resistance. She spoke calmly in an attempt to disintegrate his spirit and will. The black qi swirled and turned into black flames that wrapped around him. "Not only you, I will also turn your subordinates and the tens of thousands of people in your fief into Corpse Demons."

Gu Chensha did not speak nor was he angry. The Innate astral qi around him turned into a Black Tortoise and shrunk to protect him. The Dragon Gate continued to operate to protect Lou Baiyue and the others. Que Ying 'er was actually unable to do anything to him at this moment.

If Que Ying 'er had unleashed a powerful destructive attack, she would have been able to shatter Gu Chensha's protective aura in one fell swoop. However, if she had to unleash a technique that would make him unable to commit suicide and had no choice but to refine it obediently, she would have to expend a lot of effort. The black flames burned fiercely and seeped in again. Que Ying 'er seemed to have unleashed her true power.

In just a few dozen breaths of time, Gu Chensha felt as if the pressure around him was as great as a mountain. Even his protective Stellar Energy was finding it hard to resist. It was squeezed inch by inch, and cracks began to appear on it.

With the help of the Dragon Gate, he could definitely fight against a Dao Realm 18 Transformation Golden Dan Great Path expert. But now, Que Ying 'er was able to suppress him so easily. Her strength was terrifying.

"It's useless. If you cultivate the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and the Black Tortoise's twenty-eight mansions, you will be able to last against me."

As Que Ying 'er spoke, the black flames split apart and actually transformed into many different colors. They were extremely bizarre and dazzling, and the boundless colors of the Boundless Thousand Worlds were all contained within them. Gu Chensha suddenly felt that he could no longer hold on.

"Common People Mend the Heavens, Condemned by the Masses, Resentment of the Masses."

Even though Gu Chensha was in such a dangerous situation and was about to be refined into a Demon Corpse Puppet, his heart didn't change at all. Instead, he became calmer and calmer.

The Stellar Energy around his body changed once more as he activated the Common People Mend the Heavens Technique that he had recently comprehended. Instantly, the sound of ghosts crying and gods howling rushed out from his body. Within the Stellar Energy, one could actually vaguely see the Common People scolding the Heavens, and their resentment filled the sky. He was using resentment to counter resentment.

The moment this technique was used, Que Ying 'er's resentment actually seemed to be melted with the resentment of the Common People. No resentment could compare to the resentment of the Common People.

Gu Chensha activated the Heavens Mend the Heavens Technique and used resentment to counter resentment. Instantly, he completely suppressed Que Ying 'er's resentment. Some of the black flames and colorful flames actually merged into the Dragon Gate and were absorbed by Gu Chensha to nourish his body.

"This is a technique that you created yourself?"

Que Ying 'er was finally moved. "Not bad, not bad. Even though this technique isn't complete and is very crude, it can actually absorb the resentment that I refined. Very good. Since that's the case, I'm not going to play with you anymore." Boom! A circle of light that resembled a peacock spreading its tail appeared behind Que Ying 'er.

The moment this light appeared, it was like a mountain or an ocean, completely enveloping Gu Chensha.

"Obscured by the darkness, the Myriad Thoughts of the Common People, summon the Soul and ask the Heavens, refine the soul." Gu Chensha was once again faced with a huge pressure. This power was almost suffocating.

However, under such a tyrannical power, Gu Chensha's mind was refined into a ball. His multitasking thoughts twisted and changed, breaking apart and being reborn. In the depths of his Spiritual Sea, all the accumulations were circulating crazily.

His accumulations were very strong. He had used the Emperor's Energy to offer sacrifices to the Heavens and used the Fate Changing Sacrifice to turn himself into an unparalleled genius.

He had learned countless techniques and was familiar with all kinds of ancient books. Even history from ancient times to the present was stored in his mind.

At this moment, all these memories and knowledge suddenly fermented under the pressure and transformed into something completely new. Kacha!

The memories in his Spiritual Sea seemed to be crystallizing and then shattering, turning into something physical.

With a thought, the soul in his Spiritual Sea seemed to turn into tentacles that spread out of his body. He used his soul to see the truth and nature of the world. He had actually advanced to the 11th Transformation of the Dao Realm, the Soul Tentacle Realm.

This realm meant that from now on, Gu Chensha wouldn't be able to use his eyes to see the world. Instead, he would use his soul to touch the world. His Spiritual Sense and soul would turn into tentacles. With his body as the center, he would be able to touch the nature of the world and understand the truth of the world. Everything would no longer be the same.

After advancing under the pressure, Gu Chensha instantly felt that his body's energy was different from before. It was 10 times easier for him to control his Xiantian Energy with the Soul Tentacle. The degree of compression and density of the Xiantian Energy was different. Zi zi zi …

His Xiantian Energy that was about to collapse reformed once more. The Dragon Gate shone brightly and its strength increased by several times. Originally, the Dragon Gate treasure was really strong, but it had to be activated by God Power.

In the past, Gu Chensha used his Spiritual Sense to activate it. Now that his Spiritual Sense had turned into a Soul Tentacle, he could control the Dragon Gate and he could use 60% of its strength.

If Gu Chensha could cultivate his soul to leave the body and use it to control the Dragon Gate, then he would be able to use 90% of its strength.

If he cultivated the 17th Transformation, Dao Splitting Soul Clone, he would be able to place a portion of his soul in the Dragon Gate and turn it into his body. Only then would he be able to use 100% of its strength. At that time, Que Ying 'er wouldn't be his match at all.

Even now, when he used the Soul Tentacle to activate the Dragon Gate, the whirlpool in the depths of the Dragon Gate increased in size. Suddenly, a giant snake aura spread out from within. This was the full strength of the Sun Swallowing Ba-Snake.

The Dragon Gate merged into the Sun Swallowing Ba-Snake Bag and Gu Chensha hadn't been able to fully use its strength.

Now that he used the Soul Tentacle to activate the treasure, one could see the shadow of the Sun Swallowing Ba-Snake within.

The Sun Swallowing Ba-Snake swallowed everything and was a god amongst monsters. It had unparalleled pressure on the monster race. The Dragon Gate released its strength and once again devoured some of Que Ying 'er's vital qi.

"You actually broke through under my pressure. As expected of Gu Taxian's son."

Que Ying 'er suppressed and refined repeatedly, but she couldn't do anything to Gu Chensha. She was instantly enraged. "Since that's the case, I'll beat you until you're half dead before refining you."

The space between her eyebrows suddenly split open, and light blossomed. A strange demonic rune appeared.

This monster rune was actually the word 'dragon'. It was an ancient script of the monster race. It was unknown who wrote it. The moment this rune appeared, Gu Chensha felt as though he was facing the Heavenly Demon Chaos Hole of the Heavenly Demon Book again. His soul was about to be lost.

"Kneel." Que Ying 'er raised her hand and pressed down. Kacha, kacha. Gu Chensha's astral qi showed signs of collapsing again.

At this moment, Lou Baiyue, who was sitting beside the Heavenly Demon Book, suddenly opened her eyes. Her body emitted a blinding radiance as though her soul had returned.

Lou Baiyue opened her eyes and had a strange smile on her face. She pressed her palm gently on Gu Chensha's back.

The Great Massacre God Art's astral qi was activated. Her primordial spirit was also injected into the depths of the Dragon Gate as she joined forces with Gu Chensha. Boom!

The Dragon Gate received the activation of such power. All of a sudden, the phenomenon of everything collapsing and the shrinking of the universe appeared. All the light emitted by Que Ying 'er was absorbed in an instant.

"What?

How did you break free from the Heavenly Demon Book's restraints? "Que Ying 'er was truly shocked this time. This shock was no small matter.

"That's the profoundness of the Great Massacre God Art. You underestimate His Majesty, and you underestimate me too much. "

Lou Baiyue's body crackled. "It's not that easy to destroy my soul. If not for this, I wouldn't have dared to forcefully open the restrictions of the Heavenly Demon Book."

Her cultivation increased by another level and was already perfected. Clearly, she had devoured many demon souls in the Primordial Demon Soul World inside. Her primordial spirit was strong and had accumulated enough.

At the Thirteenth Transformation, Devil Devourer and Ghost Ghoul could devour different kinds of souls to strengthen one's primordial spirit. In the end, one's primordial spirit would be strengthened and reach the Astral Projection stage.

As for Lou Baiyue, she had long been able to project her primordial spirit into the Heavenly Demon Book to devour demon souls. That allowed her to skip a long period of accumulation and reach the Fifteenth Transformation, Heavenly Eye Suspending. At this moment, Lou Baiyue's primordial spirit was condensed to the extreme. With her and Gu Chensha joining forces, their power increased by several times.

"Demoness, since you want to refine us into Corpse Demon puppets, you can forget about leaving today." Lou Baiyue flicked her fingers and a mirror appeared. It was the Vast Thousand Mirror.

This mirror was a treasure of the ancient Emperor. Lou Baiyue used her primordial spirit to activate it. When the mirror shone, a circle of light appeared and actually enveloped Que Ying 'er. In the mirror, Que Ying 'er's figure appeared. This mirror had the miraculous effect of absorbing souls.