Chapter 917
===========

Geniuses remembered in a second, "Go if you like? Go if you like? "and provided you with wonderful novels to read. Chapter 914: Evil Dragon of Fate

"Interesting, interesting …" At that moment, Gu Chensha was patrolling the edge of the Desolate Desert.

At this time, many cultivators had entered the crystal wall at the edge of the Desolate Desert. They had come from all over the Heaven Realm. The Desolate Desert used to be filled with yellow sand, but now it was filled with oases. Countless cultivators had come. They were being monitored and could not enter the prosperous areas. They could only use their magic to create oases, turning the desolate Desolate Desert into a place suitable for people to live in and even for cultivators.

In the court's reward system, if cultivators changed the Desolate Desert, it was also merit, and they could use this merit to obtain many resources.

However, what Gu Chensha said was interesting was not this, but that his eyes could see through space and time and fall upon the Nest of 10,000 Dragons that had just collapsed.

"Peacock, this woman really thinks too much. She actually wants to benefit from both sides and gain benefits from both sides? The Emperor Of Heaven's plan is not bad, but can it hide from me?

Fine, I will wait for you to finally launch a thunderous attack, and then I will catch you all in one fell swoop.

As long as I can calm the hearts of the people of the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds, I can control the situation and become stronger. "

Gu Chensha wandered about in the Desolate Desert. The situation in the Desolate Desert was slightly better than in the Desolate Wilderness. Many people were busy with construction. Some Deity level experts were gathering spiritual qi and moving water vapor, causing spiritual rain to fall in the desert. Therefore, many plants began to grow, and many blessed lands were built. It was somewhat similar to the Eastern Desolate Wilderness.

The Desolate Desert, which had lost its vitality, was gradually recovering. It was like the Eastern Barren Territory.

"Big Brother Chai, let's work together and turn this place into a paradise," a god level cultivator said to a saint level cultivator.

A God-level expert said to another Saint-level expert, "The imperial court has a new rule. All currencies have been changed to merit. As long as we do something that contributes to the Four Wilds and the Divine Prefecture, it will be recorded. Then, we can use the merit to buy many things. We can even choose to stay here forever.

I've heard rumors that the Heaven Realm is about to collapse. When that time comes, I'm afraid it will be a great disaster. Only the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wildernesses will be able to avoid falling in the calamity. "

This was a bunch of god level experts and there were roughly seven or eight of them. The leader was a Saint with the surname Chai. This Saint was actually at Dao Realm 36 Transformations. He was at Embodiment Transformation Realm and gave off an aura like he was about to break through to Celestial Realm.

"Yes, I can feel that the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wildernesses have completely connected with the Imperial Court. Gu Chensha's will has replaced the original sun and moon to nurture all living beings. I can tell that the power within is invincible." Saint Chai looked at the sky, "Amazing, great, really great." "Big Brother Chai, why do you think so highly of that Gu Chensha?

However, I've heard many rumors among the commoners, saying that Gu Chensha has actually refined the Heavenly Realm's Sun and Moon, as well as the Four Wildernesses of the Divine Prefecture, in an attempt to gather all living beings in the world and sacrifice them all to extinction. I wonder if this rumor is true, "said a Deity level expert.

"That rumor is fake."

Saint Chai said, "Actually, I've studied Gu Chensha's life experience a long time ago. Everything he did was for the sake of all living beings in the world. He wasn't selfish at all and gave a lot to all living beings. Furthermore, he didn't ask for anything in return. Only such a person could create such a powerful cultivation technique like the Dragonless Mental Technique. So, I believe him. We moved all of us from Chaisang Continent.

This time, we are going to support the Imperial Court. The Imperial Court has reached the stage of reform and as long as we protect its power and respond to its calls, we will definitely be able to obtain huge benefits. We will also be able to gather all living beings together. It will be good for ourselves and also for all living beings. This is the righteous path. " "What about the legendary Emperor Of Heaven?"

The few god level experts all said, "The Emperor Of Heaven is the orthodox one. It seems like that is what the rumors say in the world. Now, where should we go? We should have a choice."

"I choose Gu Chensha." Saint Chai said, "Moreover, I seem to have seen through some changes in the future." "No matter what, we will listen to Brother Chai."

The god level experts all said, "We are all people of Chaisang Continent and have received many favors from Brother Chai. This time, we will definitely follow Brother Chai's lead."

"Very good, I feel that I will be able to become a Heavenly Lord soon. Once I do, I will contact the Imperial Court and hope to do something for them. Then, I will borrow their power to improve myself."

Saint Chai said, "I, Western Wood Pass, also have great ambitions. I have always wanted to turn Western Wood Mulberry Continent into an ideal country. It's a pity that such a thing suddenly happened in Heaven Realm, catching me unprepared. I also feel how insignificant I am. But after seeing this Yongchō, I feel that what I have been pursuing is actually here. " "Brother, let's first transform this place into a blessed land." "Alright!"

These people mobilized their powers together and instantly, a large amount of spiritual energy was drawn down from the sky. In the end, it gathered into a clump and seeped into the desert. One could see with the naked eye that the sand in the desert was turning into soil that brought with it a rich fragrance. Next, countless plants and flowers grew out from the ground and trees rose up one after another. In the blink of an eye, the desert with a circumference of millions of li had become a world of birds and flowers, extremely suitable for humans to live in. Transforming the desert was a form of merit. Sou!

A Common People's Commander flew over. At this moment, Saint Chai Xiguan walked up and bowed, "Common People's Commander, why did you come here?"

"Chaisang Pass, all of you come from the Chaisang Continent. You have transformed the desert and gained huge merit. Moreover, all of you are sincere and the sacrificial power is really pure. From now on, you can live in the God Continent and Four Wastelands. This is the Dragon Token and it represents your identity, cultivation, and wealth. From now on, the Imperial Court has changed the currency policy and it will be replaced with merit. Your sacrifices can be merit and doing things that are beneficial to the world is also merit. If you do things that harm the people in the world, then your merit will be reduced and it will become a sin."

Commander Common People waved his hand and instantly, a Dragon Token appeared in the hands of all the people from the Chaisang Continent.

This Dragon Token was only the size of a palm and light flowed within. There was a large amount of information within. Chai Xiguan sent his Spiritual Sense in and saw his own information.

"Chaisang Pass, from Chaisang Continent, Dao Realm 36 Transformations. He is at Embodiment Transformation Realm and has 27,698 merit points. If you live in the God Continent and Four Wastelands, each day you will consume one merit point. If you don't have enough merit, you will be chased out of the God Continent and Four Wastelands … " Following this, Chai Xiguan saw the entire continent's operation.

"So, that is the case. Heaven World is indeed about to collapse. Gu Chensha and the Imperial Court are trying their best to maintain the light and operation of the God Continent and Four Wastelands. Each day, they use up huge amounts of power. The power to maintain the world's operation is paid by Gu Chensha and the Imperial Court.

The people in the world don't contribute much. Now that the Imperial Court is promoting this policy, they hope that everyone will contribute their strength to protect their own world and safety. This is merit. "

Chai Xiguan could see how much power was used to maintain the God Continent and Four Wastelands in his Dragon Token. The Imperial Court displayed the deepest secrets of the world in the form of data. After Common People's Commander gave them the Dragon Medallions, he disappeared. These people started to study the secrets within the Dragon Tokens.

"The Imperial Court's policy is not bad. As long as we do things that benefit the people in the world, we will be able to obtain merit and we can use it to exchange for various things."

A god realm expert said, "Brother Chai, it seems like you can use merit to exchange for a chance to become a Celestial Venerable.

Moreover, it is really easy to earn merit. You just have to worship every day and the power will gather in the Imperial Court's Sacrifice Pool. The Imperial Court will then extract undying substances from within to strengthen the entire world, causing it to become stronger and better. From then on, it will strengthen us. This is a perfect cycle. "

"Right, but I think that many people only want to obtain and don't want to give. They only know how to steal and not contribute. They are self-sufficient."

Chai Xiguan said, "Once the Imperial Court's decree is passed, I think many people will object. It will definitely cause a bloodbath. However, if we follow the Imperial Court's footsteps, we will definitely have huge gains." Gu Chensha listened to the discussion of this group of people and nodded to himself. Actually, there were many people in the world who understood things.

"How is the country luck?"

Gu Chensha raised his head and looked at the sky. In the darkness, he could already see the country luck and people's hearts of the God Continent and Four Wastelands. As the Imperial Court's decree was passed down, it would definitely cause waves of backlash. Many people with intentions would add fuel to the fire.

As expected, in the rumbling destiny, some people's grievances were getting bigger and bigger and were about to explode. However, some people who understood things were supporting the Imperial Court more and more. Gu Chensha accurately grasped the situation. The destiny of the world hadn't reached an irreversible stage. Weng …

Just at that moment, suddenly, numerous streaks of giant black energy appeared in this giant destiny ocean. These black energies were like many evil dragons, lying within. They had already grown sharp claws and teeth, ready to swallow the hearts of those who believed in the Imperial Court.

Once these evil dragons exploded, the Imperial Court would be turned upside down. Even if they didn't get wiped out, they wouldn't be able to recover and suffer heavy losses.