Chapter 737
===========

"I didn't expect that I was actually the reincarnation of the 36 treasures. I obtained the Endless Umbrella. Huo Ran??? Wen? ?

Fa Wuxian's expression changed and there seemed to be a comprehension that surpassed the world in his brow. The Endless Umbrella was lawless, covering the sky with one umbrella. If the sky didn't see me, I wouldn't see the sky.

One could say that as long as the Endless Umbrella was opened, one would have the power to avoid everything. It was pretty much an endless defense. Apart from that, the umbrella also had other abilities.

"My cultivation has reached the Dao Realm 32 Transformation One Thought Connecting Heaven Realm."

Fa Wuxian pondered in his heart. "Ever since I obtained the Endless Umbrella, my cultivation has advanced by leaps and bounds. I've broken through realms again and again. Next, I'll be able to cultivate the 33 Transformations of the Saint Heart realm. For me, breaking through to the Saint realm is no longer a problem. Even the Celestial Lord realm has hope. Originally, to reach Heaven Sovereign Realm, one had to become a Divergent.

Moreover, even if one became a Divergent, one still needed huge opportunities and comprehension to break through the three worlds, five elements, six paths and eight desolations. Normally speaking, out of 1,000 Divergents, only one could become a Heaven Sovereign. The rest would still die.

Even someone like Martial Saint only broke through with Gu Chensha's help and successfully became a Heaven Sovereign.

In fact, if it wasn't for Gu Chensha's help, as well as the gigantic stone wall left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Monarch, the Martial Sage would have already fallen to Gu Chensha's hands.

From this, one could see that even if the Heaven Dao was loosening and the chances of advancing were much higher, it wasn't easy to jump out of the three worlds and not be within the five elements. But the reincarnation of the Endless Treasure was different.

The person who reincarnated had a power that came from the Endless Land. This was the true power of the Heaven Realm and it was only below the Heaven Dao. Such power could push one to Heaven Sovereign Realm and increase one's chances.

Of course, it was just a high chance and it didn't guarantee that one would become a Heaven Sovereign.

Luckily, they were in the midst of a tribulation and the Heaven Dao was weakened, so the chances of him becoming a Heaven Sovereign were much higher. Now, Fa Wuxian felt that there was a 90% chance of him becoming a Heaven Sovereign.

"The key is the ritual." Fa Wuxian sensed that the Endless Umbrella was really hungry. Yes, it was hunger. It needed a large number of people to worship it.

It needed to devour sacrificial power in order to grow and accumulate power. Right now, it felt like the Endless Umbrella was extremely empty, not releasing much power.

But even then, Fa Wuxian's methods were already really strong. Even peak Dao Realm 36 Transformations, Incarnation Realm experts wouldn't be able to do anything to him.

It was even possible that if he encountered an Empyrean, he would have a high chance of escaping without a trace. He wouldn't be instantly killed by an Empyrean.

If he became a Sage, with the Infinity Umbrella, even a Heavenly Venerate wouldn't be able to kill him. He could easily walk away from a Heavenly Venerate. Of course, he still wouldn't be a match for a Heavenly Venerate. Now, he still had a chance to be killed by an Empyrean.

Encountering an Empyrean was very dangerous. There was no guarantee that one would be able to escape. After becoming a Sage, one could definitely escape.

"Gu Chensha, I finally understand my identity and obtained my own life treasure. Let's see how you can take it away. I will definitely wipe out Calming Celestial Department!

I, Fa Wuxian, was originally filled with glory but because of your Calming Celestial Department, it slowly dimmed down. I want to find the glory that I lost. "Fa Wuxian hated Calming Celestial Department and Gu Chensha to the bone.

He had succumbed to the hands of the Tranquil Xian Si over and over again. The most humiliating incident was during the imperial court, when Gu Chensha had extorted the Blade of Law Enforcement from him. He had to bow and scrape in order to escape. He would definitely get his revenge.

"Jing Qiu seems to be the reincarnation of the Infinity Treasure. If he also obtains the Infinity Treasure, then that would be amazing. He controls the enormous Holy Sama Empire, which now has a population of billions. With the small space-time door that Wan Senshi gave Jing Fanxing, many people can be transported directly to the desert. The Holy Sama Empire is developing very quickly. Furthermore, the desert is very vast. As long as there is enough population, it can develop quickly. With billions of people sacrificing, the Infinity Treasure will grow very quickly. "

Fa Wuxian now knew very well why Jing Qiu had to cling onto the empire in the desert to carry on his business. Now, that power was on full display.

Both of them had obtained the Infinity Treasure. With the support of billions of people sacrificing, Jing Qiu was growing much faster than Fa Wuxian. With billions of people sacrificing every day, the power of the sacrifice would be immense.

"Last time, I tried to seize Jing Qiu's Imperial Star, but I was defeated by him. Should I go again this time?" As the reincarnation of the Infinity Treasure, Fa Wuxian could sense the other reincarnations.

For example, Marquis Jushi could sense that Fa Wuxian and Jing Qiu, as well as the three dukes and eight marquises of the imperial court, were all the reincarnations of the Infinity Treasure. Naturally, Fa Wuxian could sense it as well. Everything was ready. Fa Wuxian stood up, as if he was going to go over to Jing Qiu. But at that moment, a power silently enveloped the small mountain. Fa Wuxian did not break out.

"Who is it?"

Fa Wuxian's expression changed. He used the power of his world, but he could not break out. The small mountain seemed to be sealed by some kind of powerful magic. Even his Infinity Umbrella seemed to be suppressed.

"Naturally, it's me."

At that moment, Gu Chensha appeared in the small mountain. "Fa Wuxian, congratulations on achieving great success. I didn't expect you to be the reincarnation of the Infinity Umbrella." "Gu Chensha!" Fa Wuxian's heart sank. Deep hatred appeared on his face. "How did you find me?"

"Don't forget, the three dukes and eight marquises of the imperial court are all reincarnations of the Infinity Treasure. I gathered them in a dimensional realm and used the Heavenly Dao to activate them. Using their auras as the source, I deduced the existence of other reincarnations. Naturally, I locked onto you and Jing Qiu."

Gu Chensha said, "Fa Wuxian, you are too scheming. If you hid in a dimensional realm, it would be almost impossible for me to catch you. But you are afraid that the Dharma Saint will devour you, so you hid far away and cultivated in this small mountain." "Gu Chensha, you want to catch me today?"

Fa Wuxian's eyes narrowed. He was like a big fish that had fallen into a net. He made up his mind to destroy both jade and common stone. "Do you really think that you can cover the sky with one hand?" "Covering the sky with one hand isn't that powerful, but it's more than enough to deal with you."

Gu Chensha said, "Our Calmness Celestial Department has two Celestial Masters. Not to mention the Common Life King and the Martial Saint, we also have two dimensional realms. Right now, the three dukes and eight marquises are all reincarnations of the Infinity Treasure. Apart from that, we also have many Saint-level experts. The four sacred beasts. Apart from that, there is also the Longevity God and the Common Life Marquis. Even if you obtained the Infinity Treasure, you might not be able to defeat them." The Longevity God was also one of the giants.

He borrowed the power of the Dharma Saint to cultivate a minor chiliocosm. Not only that, he had also obtained the three True God Thrones of Fortune, Prosperity, and Longevity. His cultivation speed was extremely fast. He was originally at the Sage Realm. The dimensional realm of the Common Life's Wish sphere was the most suitable place for him to cultivate. He would soon reach the peak of the 36 Transformations. Of course, it would still be extremely difficult to break through to the Celestial Master Realm.

With three True God Thrones gathered in one person, he had the three True God Thrones of Fortune, Prosperity, and Longevity. This in itself surpassed the ancient gods and made him a well-known figure among the True Gods. He indeed had the qualifications to become a Celestial Master.

"Your Calmness Celestial Department is strong."

Fa Wuxian roared, "But I don't believe that your Calmness Celestial Department is invincible. No one can do anything to you. If you want to kill me today, you must pay the price." "I won't kill you."

Gu Chensha said, "Fa Wuxian, I can see that you're a genius. Since you're the reincarnation of the Infinity Treasure, I'll have to bear some karma if I kill you. Of course, I'm not afraid.

I'll give you a chance now. Repent, and we'll work together to protect the imperial court and the common people. I'll let bygones be bygones. Join the Calmness Celestial Department. " "Are you trying to recruit me?"

Fa Wuxian didn't make a move. Even though he had obtained the Endless Umbrella and his cultivation had increased greatly, he was still very wary of Gu Chensha. In fact, it could even be said that he feared him. This time, he had also received news that the Lord of the Sun and Moon had been repelled by Gu Chensha and helped a Martial Sage become a Celestial Master. Even someone as proud as Fa Wuxian felt that he couldn't compare to this series of methods. In the depths of his heart, he already believed that Gu Chensha was far above him.

"Recruit? You and the Dharma Saint aren't of one mind. You can't say that I'm trying to recruit you. "

Gu Chensha spoke tirelessly without any killing intent. He was still trying to persuade Fa Wuxian. "Actually, Fa Wuxian, you're dissatisfied with our Celestial Tranquility Department because of your arrogance. Your ego is higher than the heavens, and you think that we should all be beneath you. This will cause the flames of jealousy in you to grow stronger and stronger. In the end, it will get out of hand and you will burn yourself to ashes.

If you let go of your arrogance and face yourself and us, you'll find a whole new world unfolding in front of you.

Our Calmness Celestial Department doesn't actually have any enmity with you because you killed your father or stole your wife. But your hatred is even greater than that. Are the changes of the human heart really so miraculous? Just because of jealousy, it can produce such a twisted hatred? " "Gu Chensha, your mouth is really powerful."

Fa Wuxian was not moved in the slightest. "Looks like you have truly obtained the teachings of the Buddhist Sect. The greatest ability of the Buddhist Sect is to be able to turn righteousness into evil, to turn death into life, and to speak eloquently. You now have the ability to convince even saints, but it is still not enough to convince me.

My will is firm and unshakable. I'll kill you no matter what, and I won't regret it even if I die nine times. " "You're really stubborn."

Gu Chensha let out a long sigh, "I've pointed out a path of survival for you, but you refuse to take it. This is the will of the Great Tribulation. Under the Great Tribulation, your mind is confused, and in this way, you'll inevitably turn into ashes.

No one can save you, it's really a pity. "(Author's Notice: Please use the APP to read the book. It's free and ad-free. The webpage version will affect your reading experience. Please follow the official WeChat account. Appxsyd (Press and hold for three seconds to copy) Install the client!