Chapter 358
===========

"Let's see what happens next."

Gu Shengjian's smile became even more sinister. "Next, your Jing Clan should be prepared. If you infuriate the Tranquil Fairy Department, it can be said that you have infuriated the imperial court. With Lou Baiyue's personality, he might launch a thunderous attack." "That Gu Chensha can really take it."

Jing Fanxing's tone became even more vicious, "He is actually still in the governor manor and can't come out. He is just a turtle hiding in its shell."

"Don't underestimate this person. Before he rose up, he was really good at hiding. No matter how angry he was, he was able to take it."

Gu Tanjian felt it was a pity, "The four of you tried to assassinate him, but he actually killed you. Elder Wangji and Xiao Yan died, and Red Cloud Sect suffered heavy losses.

The good thing is that Red Cloud Sect and Calm Celestial Department are irreconcilable enemies, so we can make use of this. "

"What if they take it?" Jing Fanxing asked, "Brother Flicking Sword, since such a thing happened, we will need to rely on you." "If they take it, then naturally, I will have many backup plans."

Gu Shengjian seemed to be scheming. "Moreover, you are an expert at Dao Realm 22. Even if you can't kill Gu Chensha, can't you kill the other people from Calming Xian Department?

Go all out and assassinate the juniors of Calm Celestial Department every day, testing their bottom line. I don't believe that they will be able to take it. " "That is indeed appropriate."

Gu Tanjian wanted to stand up right away, "Apart from those few strong people, the others are ordinary. Let me see who I should kill first. Liu Yu, Qian Zhen, Zhou Bu, and the others? The five of them are actually cultivating in the Demon Region, so this is a good chance. " "You can't."

Gu Shengjian hurriedly stopped him. "If you go and kill these five people, you'll probably die too. These five people have already awakened the bloodline of the Gods of Five Seasons. You won't be their match at all if they join forces." "Brother Flicking Sword, are you underestimating me?" Jing Fanxing was a little angry.

"If Brother Stars doesn't listen to me, you can try."

Gu Tanjian said, "If the five of them were alone, the power wouldn't be much. Brother Stars could suppress them. But with the five of them working together, the power would increase by more than five times."

Jing Fanxing shot to his feet. "Those five have limitless potential," he said. "In a few more years, they'll have truly matured. At that point, they'll be even more difficult to kill. We need to get rid of them as soon as possible."

"Get rid of the unnecessary ones and refine them into puppets, or subdue them and turn them into our people."

Gu Tanjian said, "However, you can kill people like Long Yuyun and Cold Jade Dew who control the private merchant guilds. That way, the Calming Immortal Department will be paralyzed."

"Attacking them with my current cultivation level is a bit demeaning. However, for the sake of wiping out the Celestial Calmness Department, driving them into a frenzy doesn't really matter. I'll send out a clone of my magic power to assassinate them. I'll kill all the low-level members of the Celestial Calmness Department. Let's see how they'll react then."

Jing Fanxing's body flickered as he sent out a stream of magic power, which transformed into a clone that looked exactly like him.

He had cultivated the Twenty Two Transformations, the Dharma Manifestations of Heaven and Earth. His body could transform into anything in Heaven and Earth, and he could also send out a stream of magic power to roam the world.

His body was not a fleshly body, nor was it a Nascent Divinity. It was not a conglomeration of energy, but rather, a dharma body. It was incomparably mysterious, and could transform at will. Actually, reaching this level was the pinnacle of cultivation, and therefore, the next step was to emulate the past.

Although this dharma power clone only had about ten percent of his power, it was more than enough to assassinate the important members of the Celestial Calmness Department.

Even if it only had ten percent of his power, it would be more than enough to crush any expert below the twentieth transformation.

Of course, after the dharma power clone left, he would lose about ten percent of his power. However, that didn't matter.

"The main reason I came here was to meet with Mr. Jing Qiu."

Gu Tanjian saw that Jing Fanxing was about to assassinate him, but he didn't stop him. To him, Jing Fanxing's lifespan was close to seven hundred years, and he had forcefully wasted his time in the Black Heaven Earth Gate to reach his current level. He had used up all his potential, and there was no hope for him to advance any further.

If Jing Fanxing hadn't entered the Black Heaven Earth Gate and forcefully used the power of space-time reversal to cultivate, he would have cultivated for five or six hundred years in the real world, and he would have reached the Undying Body Realm.

But now, because he was cultivating in the Black Heaven Earth Gate, it was basically impossible for him to use his magic power to cultivate the Twenty Three Transformations of Dao Realm, Past Reflection. This was because his laws of magic power had been imprinted in the Black Heaven Earth Gate, and it wasn't formed through mutual understanding with the real world. In other words, this was Jing Fanxing's limit. This was the downside of being eager for quick success.

Jing Qiu was only a little over a hundred years old, and he was already at the Twenty Five Transformations of Dao Realm, Undying Body Realm. In the future, it wouldn't be surprising for him to become a god-like existence. This was why the core of the Jing Family wasn't Jing Fanxing, but Jing Qiu.

Even now, Jing Qiu suppressed Jing Zhou and the entire Jing Family's luck, and those Saint Families were all polite to him.

"Family Head is out, and he isn't at home."

Jing Fanxing said, "He headed to the Black Heaven Earth Gate to discuss matters with the Sect Leader. Then, he headed to Red Cloud Sect. I don't know where he is, but he will be back soon." "So, it was your idea to let Gu Chensha visit?" Gu Tanjian frowned.

"No, it was the Family Head's idea. He left a plan and told me to do this."

Jing Fanxing said, "No matter how bold I am, or how deep my hatred is, I won't drag the Jing Family down for my own benefits.

Jing Qiu has already contacted everyone and bet on our Jing Family's luck. If we successfully suppress Calming Celestial Division, we will have the resources of a Saint Family, and we won't be exhausted for thousands of years. " "Oh? What kind of agreement did Jing Qiu reach with the Black Heaven Earth Gate? What kind of agreement did you reach with Red Cloud Sect? "

Gu Tanjian asked. "Now that we're working together, you have to tell me some secrets. Otherwise, I won't know anything. It'll be hard for us to continue working together. "

"That's why Brother Flicking Sword should stay here for a while longer and wait for the Family Head to return," Jing Fanxing said. "I have to stay in the family to prevent Calming Celestial Division from acting out of desperation." "I think we can humiliate Gu Chensha, who lives in the governor's mansion."

Gu Tanjian suggested another idea. "For example, how about we run on Calming Celestial Division's Jing Zhou Trading Company?"

"That's easy, but the Family Head wants to rope in people from the trading company and make them our people.

After all, we have great use for the Calming Celestial Division's goods. Minor Star Return Pills, Major Star Return Pills.

These are all treasures that can increase the Jing Family's strength. The Family Head wants us to infiltrate Calming Celestial Division and empty them.

However, compared to Prince Jingxian's pills, they seem to be far inferior. Prince Jingxian has a large number of Dragon Nourishing Pills and even Dragon Creation Pills. If they can help our Jing Family produce more peerless geniuses and geniuses, then our plans will be much smoother. " "That's fine."

Gu Tanjian said, "I have a lot of Dragon Raising Pills and Dragon Creation Pills, but I can't just give them away for free. As long as you're willing to pay the price, I'll give you as many as you want. How about it?" "Then what does Crown Prince need?" Jing Fanxing asked.

"I'll discuss this matter with your Jing Qiu. I want to see how much temptation an experienced and prudent person like him has to offer to go against Calming Celestial Division so openly.

Now that the Calm Immortal Department had cultivated the Common People's Wish Sphere, the general trend was set. Even in this place, Gu Chensha could communicate with the power of the sphere at any time, tearing through space to transmit a huge amount of energy. Unless there was a magical treasure of the same realm, it would be impossible to seal the connection.

Because of Gu Taxian's suppression, your Black Heaven Earth Gate can't spread its power into the divine continent. Although I can stop the sphere's power, I'll have to pay a huge price. It's not worth it. "

Gu Tanjian said, "Your Jing Family lacks this kind of treasure. If you had it, you'd immediately become a Sage Family."

"This kind of treasure is easier said than done. It's a pity that the Book of Heavenly Demons originally belonged to me, but it was taken away. Damn it. "Jing Fanxing gritted his teeth at the thought of this, his killing intent surging. At this moment, a young man suddenly appeared in front of the two of them.

This young man's complexion was like jade, and he wore green embroidered clothes. He didn't have any sharp aura around him, and he was extremely gentle. He looked like a scholar who had studied for many years.

"Greetings, Family Head." Jing Fanxing cupped his fists.

"So, Mr. Jing Qiu is back."

Gu Tanjian didn't dare to be careless. Even a god wouldn't think that a Dao Realm Transformation 25 Undying Body expert was a small person. At such a realm, one would even have the ability to talk to gods.

"Prince's visit to my Jing Family brings light to my humble abode."

Jing Qiu's face was beaming and he seemed to be in a good mood, "I heard you say that you wanted to use the Dragon Raising Pill and Dragon Creation Pill to exchange for something from my Jing Family. What do you want?" "Let's not talk about this business first. There is a problem now."

Gu Dianjian pointed to the Governor's manor not far away. "There's still a fiend living in the Governor's manor who can destroy the Jing Clan at any time. As the head of the clan, Mr. Jing Qiu, I want to see how you're going to resolve the crisis in front of you." "Problem?" Jing Qiu laughed, "How is this a problem?

This is just an opportunity. My Jing Family lacks a cornerstone treasure, and I think that the Common People's Wish sphere is perfect for our Jing Family. That treasure is pretty much in my hands. "

"Mr. Jing Qiu, you sure talk big. Based on what I know, that sphere merged with the Buzhou Palace, the Dragonization Pagoda, the Heavenly Demon Book, and many other treasures. Through the Death-Exemption Talisman, it merged with the power of a Saint. Over the years, it has gone through many tribulations to reach its current realm. There was also the Lord of Seven Stars suppressing it. Does Mr. Jing Qiu really think that he can outsmart the Lord of Seven Stars?" Gu Tanjian wanted to find out more about Jing Qiu.