Chapter 972
===========

"Is it confirmed that the Fourth is the true body of the Emperor Of Heaven? Eight or nine out of ten? "

Lou Baiyue was still a little uneasy. "The Emperor Of Heaven is cunning, and not a good person. If we are wrong, and the Emperor Of Heaven is someone else, and we wrongly accused the Fourth, I'm afraid there will be chaos, and all our previous efforts will go to waste?

Actually, whether the Fourth is the true body of the Emperor Of Heaven, I'm not a hundred percent sure. I'm afraid this is a scheme of the Emperor Of Heaven. Maybe the Emperor Of Heaven deliberately made us wrongly accuse the Fourth, and he hid in the dark to stir up trouble?

Otherwise, the matter of him naming the Sun-Moon Lord Hua Mingsha is too obvious, giving us daydreams, using fate to interfere with our judgment, causing us to make a mistake in the end.

If we make a mistake in this matter, I'm afraid we'll suffer the heaviest blow, and even the Dragonless Cultivation Method will be destroyed. "

"You're right about this matter. The Dragonless Cultivation Method is the truth, but as the creator of the Dragonless Cultivation Method, he was deceived by someone, and harmed his own brother. After this matter, my fate, and the Eternal World will suffer a huge blow, and it might even be unable to recover. Of course, the current me will not be affected by fate. Even if my fate ends, there will not be any collapse."

Gu Chensha said, "But whether the Fourth is the true body of the Emperor Of Heaven or not isn't very important to us. Even if the Fourth is, do we have to suppress and subdue him? It's definitely to reform him, to change his way of thinking. Isn't he the same?

With this thought in mind, we will be successful in every endeavor and will not be doubted by anything. We don't need to have two choices. We only need to follow one path and we will be able to overcome all obstacles and resolve everything. "

"You're right. Even if the Fourth is up to no good, even if he's hiding his true intentions, he's still our brother, and one of the founders of our Yongchō Imperial Court. Right now, our Yongchō Yongchō has completely stabilized, and there are no more loopholes. The people's hearts are also gradually stabilizing, and those who have no confidence in the Dragonless Mantra have already left, leaving behind only those who are extremely determined."

Lou Baiyue said, "Actually, I'm still worried about something else, and that's the terrifying wills. Wills have entered our Eternal World, and there aren't many experts in the Eternal World that can compare to Ancient Dao Immortals. It's impossible to resist the invasion of this terrifying will. " "You've hit the nail on the head."

Gu Chensha nodded. "The Emperor Of Heaven isn't the enemy, because his cultivation is completely under my control. This terrifying will is our greatest enemy. But you don't have to worry, you've cultivated the core of the Dragonless Mantra, and your heart has obtained great freedom. That terrifying will can't invade you. This is the same as the Hongling Sand. The Hongling Sand has cultivated the Dragonless Mantra, and the terrifying will can't invade you.

But it's hard to say for the others. Right now, our Eternal World's crystal barrier is actually unable to resist invasions. " "How many wills does he have in total?"

Lou Baiyue said, "It has invaded many people who have been reincarnated from the source of variation, and it seems like there's more than one. What I'm afraid of is that this terrifying will is endless, and will eventually invade everyone in our Eternal World. That would be troublesome." "That's indeed a possibility."

Gu Chensha said, "But right now, the Heavenly Dao and Father Emperor are still entangled, and haven't completely collapsed. This will doesn't appear many times, and if it's scattered, it will instead weaken its power. You have to be careful, lest the higher-ups of our Eternal World are infiltrated."

"Being careful isn't a good thing. Besides, even if I cultivate the Dragonless Mantra and can resist the invasion, I can't prevent others from being invaded." Lou Baiyue frowned.

"This matter is very troublesome for now, but I have a way. I've comprehended some secrets from this Gu Daoxian's body, and it just so happens that I can create a trap. As long as his will dares to enter the Eternal World, I can completely imprison it, and he won't be able to return. My Eternal World isn't like the human world."

Gu Chensha said, "But right now, I have to make a trip to the human world, and send this Gu Daoxian's will to reincarnate." "Reincarnate in the human world?"

Lou Baiyue said doubtfully, "Why don't we directly let Gu Daoxian reincarnate in the Eternal World? That way, it'll be easier to nurture him. If he goes to the human world, there will be a series of irreversible changes?" "It's not that it's bad to be in the Eternal World, but it will imprison his thoughts.

And the mortal world is boundless, and the desires of the human world are the best way to temper a person. "Gu Chensha said," Besides, I'm throwing out a bait, and let many people take the bait.

And before the collapse of the Heavenly Dao and Father Emperor, the human world was still the absolute main character among the many worlds. Don't look at how the Emperor Of Heaven has strengthened his supervision, causing the human world to practically be imprisoned to the extreme, but the hearts of people yearning for freedom will never be extinguished. As long as there are living beings, there will be the existence of freedom, and even if there are no living beings, there will still be the existence of freedom. In this way, in the future, in the human world, there will be more and more experts. And they will be those heaven defying experts. " "How is that possible?"

Lou Baiyue was a little doubtful, "Now that the Emperor Of Heaven's supervision is so strict, not to mention that there are many gods watching over every household, even within everyone's body, there is also the supervision of the Three Corpses God, constantly reporting everyone's thoughts to the Emperor Of Heaven. Every action of the world's living beings, every thought and every thought, will be known by the Emperor Of Heaven. Under this kind of supervision, it is impossible for experts to appear. Any expert who has the slightest clue will be eliminated without a trace." "There's no point in supervising them."

Gu Chensha said, "Look at our Eternal World, now we have gradually given up on supervision, but everyone is doing very well, studying the Dragonless Cultivation Technique, and starting to be free.

The real operation of the world depends on the people's hearts to change themselves, and not on people's supervision.

The real order comes from the heart, and the Emperor Of Heaven has walked to the extreme, so the stronger his supervision, the stronger the rebound of the people's hearts. My Dragonless Cultivation Technique is like a spark. Sooner or later, it will ignite the entire Human Realm. " "So, you have already arranged for Gu Daoxian's path?" Lou Baiyue guessed Gu Chensha's plan.

"Looks like your cultivation is becoming more and more profound."

Gu Chensha said a few words to Lou Baiyue, "I will go to the Human Realm to arrange everything, and pay attention to the Fourth's movements. If my guess is correct, that terrifying will will gather all its power and invade the Fourth. This is another trap." As they spoke, Gu Chensha once again entered the Human Realm.

This time, he did not use an incarnation, but his real body, which meant that he had completely left the Eternal World, and the Eternal World did not have his power to protect it. This was an empty city stratagem, or rather, a stratagem to lure the enemy into a trap.

He could come and go freely in the Celestial Court with an incarnation, and now his real body had directly moved to the Human Realm. Even if he used his power, it would not be impossible to refine the entire Human Realm.

However, he was not prepared to do so. First, he wanted all living beings in the Human Realm to completely awaken themselves. If he forcefully refined the Human Realm, then he would be no different from the Emperor Of Heaven.

The Emperor Of Heaven's attitude towards all living beings was that of a slave, while his attitude towards all living beings was that of a teacher.

Secondly, the Human Realm was related to all the fate energy in the world, and if it was refined, it would probably cause the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian to collapse prematurely.

"I have arrived in the Human Realm again, and the atmosphere seems good."

Gu Chensha once again stepped into the Human Realm, and he saw that there was order everywhere, and there were gods everywhere in the dark. The territory of the Hong Dynasty was getting bigger and bigger, and it was constantly expanding, starting to sweep across on a large scale. The master of the Human Realm, Zhang Ziran's cultivation was getting stronger and stronger. He seemed to have comprehended some kind of principle.

"Zhang Ziran has opened up his own family, and he has his own harem and son."

Gu Chensha observed the master of the Human Realm's fate energy and noticed some secrets. He started to calculate, and he had an idea. A smile appeared on his face. He came to the capital of the Hong Dynasty, Hong City. He saw a giant imperial city that stood tall, and it was no weaker than the sky palace.

The current Hong Dynasty wasn't built in a classical style, but it was a combination of celestial path and prehistoric technology.

However, the power of the celestial path was greatly weakened, and it was only limited to the Dao Realm 19 Transformation, Size Manipulation.

This was because once one cultivated techniques, one had to ascend to the Celestial World, otherwise, one would be contaminated by the power of the Human Realm.

Gu Chensha walked casually into the palace. He didn't head to where Zhang Ziran was discussing matters, but to the harem.

Zhang Ziran had his own thoughts as he knew that he couldn't be the master of the Human Realm forever. Once the Human Realm stabilized, the Emperor Of Heaven would attack him. This was because with his strength, he wouldn't be able to occupy the position for a long time.

Moreover, he knew that the Emperor Of Heaven would definitely send him into the cycle of reincarnation to find his mistakes. It was common to kill the donkey when it was no longer of use.

This was why he was making preparations. But now that the Emperor Of Heaven was getting stronger and stronger, he couldn't do anything rashly.

Gu Chensha observed the fate energy of the imperial city and could see that Zhang Ziran was conflicted. Sou!

Gu Chensha landed in Zhang Ziran's harem because he discovered that one of the harem concubines seemed to be pregnant and was nurturing the fetus. He landed and saw many maids serving in the harem.

That concubine was really spiritual and beautiful. She gave off a soul-grabbing aura but she wasn't really strong. She was only at Dao Realm Transformation Nine.

The Celestial Emperor had ordered that even in the palace of Hong Chao, the ruler of the human world, no one was allowed to have more than 20 transformations of mana other than Zhang Ziran.

"Concubine Yi, the Emperor seems really unhappy recently.

The expansion of the Great Hong Dynasty is going smoothly, but the emperor is getting more and more worried. "A palace maid reported the situation to the imperial concubine.

"I know about this. Also, keep a close eye on the Empress. I heard that the Crown Prince has cultivated to Dao Realm Transformation Nineteen, Big Wish Realm. He wants to improve but he isn't willing to ascend. Keep a close eye on this matter. He might learn some evil techniques and when the time comes, the Heaven Dynasty won't accept him." The pregnant Concubine Yi said.

"Of course, who is willing to ascend? Once they ascend, they will have no status in the Celestial World."

The maid said, "The Emperor has 18 princes. If you give birth to this one, it will be the 19th prince."