Chapter 804
===========

Burning World, who claimed to be the Great Emperor of Chaos, had always been hidden inside the Inexhaustible Armor. Just like Wan Senshi, he wore a loose robe and a bronze mask, making it impossible for others to see his true face.

"Your Majesty, we're too far away from the Divine Central Continent. Even gods can't reach it. Only a Celestial Master can pass through the layers of barriers and reach the Divine Central Continent. But even then, only one person can pass through. It's impossible to bring the entire empire with him."

Another cabinet minister walked up and reported, "Of course, Your Majesty's cultivation is invincible, and you could easily store all the citizens of the Empire into your own world and then bring them to the Central Plains to settle down. But this would cause chaos in the Empire's operations. Not only would the Karmic Luck decrease, but there would also be no place near the Central Plains that could accommodate so many citizens. Furthermore, how could he allow others to sleep soundly on his side bed? The Yongchō of the Central Divine Prefecture will definitely not let us off. " This cabinet minister was actually a saint. Even the Saints had to bow down to the Burning World.

"Now that the world is peaceful, there are actually many people who are unwilling to leave their homes. Naturally, I can't force them to migrate. Otherwise, they will definitely resent me in the depths of their hearts. In this way, the power of sacrifices and the destiny of the country will produce something that is not beneficial to me. The gains do not make up for the losses."

Burning All Realms was well-versed in the art of governing a country. "I've already made arrangements. I've collected seven Boundless Treasures, and when they're combined, they can draw upon a portion of the Celestial Realm's power. That way, we can open a teleportation portal and teleport from here to somewhere outside of the Divine Central Continent. Then, you can encourage the people, saying that the Divine Central Continent has endless wealth, and that everyone should go and plunder it.

Right now, our imperial court is too comfortable and doesn't pose any threat. Over time, the people's hearts will be corrupted, and the power of worship will be scattered. The morale of the people will be low, and the fate of the nation will be at ease. Danger will arise.

The Central Divine Prefecture is currently being invaded by the Barbarian Tribe from the outside and the Devil Tribe from the inside. The Immortal Dao and Demon Dao are constantly causing trouble. As a result, everyone is in high spirits, and their Karmic Luck is naturally a hundred times stronger than ours. As the saying goes, we live in hardship and perish in peace. " "We live in hardship and perish in ease. Your Majesty's words are truly deafening. "

Another cabinet minister said, "If we fight against the Yongchō of the Central Divine Prefecture, it will definitely stimulate the common people's desire to cultivate and strengthen the nation, allowing the world to shine with vigor and vitality once more."

"However, the people of the Central Divine Prefecture are all valiant, and we're no match for them at all. If we launch a large-scale invasion, our country's Karmic Luck will be far inferior to that of Yongchō."

Meanwhile, the icy cold woman from the Endless Needle hurriedly stepped forward and said, "Master, I've wandered the world, and the people of the Central Divine Prefecture are thousands of times stronger than our kingdom." "I know that too."

The Burning World said, "That's why we have to invade, and we have to start nurturing elites. We have to gather experts first, and then we can destroy and plunder them. In addition, I will start creating a large number of treasures. My advantage is that I can extract countless treasures from the primal chaos.

Over the past few days, I've been researching Endless Treasures, and with my countless experiences, I've finally created a set of armor. "

As he spoke, a clump of primal chaos energy descended, wriggling about. After a few dozen breaths' worth of time, a primal chaos colored armor appeared. The armor was ancient and ancient, and there were many runes flowing on its surface. Powerful defensive and offensive powers were born from it.

"This is …" A cabinet minister said in shock, "Your Majesty, the power of this armor is comparable to the strength of a Dao Realm Transformation 27." "That's right, I created this armor, and I named it the Chaos Armor."

The Burning World said, "This armor has the ability to rip open space, and the key is that when a normal person wears it, they can also use strong combat strength. Apart from that, this armor can also help one cultivate. The Celestial Calmness Department's Dragon Armor can't compare to my Chaos Armor. " "Your Majesty, can this armor be mass produced?"

The Saint-ranked cabinet minister said, "I've just observed that His Majesty needs a few dozen breaths of time to create one of these suits of armor. If that's the case, then even if His Majesty works day and night, it's still a drop in the bucket for our entire country. It's said that the Divine Central Continent's Human Dragon Armor was created by a small Primordial Tree. This tree's manufacturing ability is extremely formidable, and it can instantly condense millions of suits of armor.

Moreover, a country's strength doesn't depend on the Emperor crafting treasures to replenish the treasury, but on the people's own production ability. Otherwise, they wouldn't be ruling the country, but raising pigs. The Yongchō officials of the Central Divine Region have some research and heard about it. They are split into the Celestial Craft Department, which creates all sorts of machines from the prehistoric civilization. The Celestial Calmness Department spreads the celestial path civilization.

They will then lead the people to fight against the Demon Race and Barbarian Race to produce and evolve. That way, the atmosphere and strength of the people will be totally different. " "That's a good idea," Fen Wanjie said.

Burning World said, "I'm also preparing to refine something similar to the Little Hongmeng Tree. It can absorb the chaotic qi and create various treasures. I already have people under me who have reincarnated from the Endless Tree. Based on this tree, I can create something that surpasses the Little Hongmeng Tree.

How about this: the six of you will contribute your own Endless Treasures, and I'll use them to refine a world-shaking treasure. " "Yes, sir!" The six of them didn't hesitate at all, and all of their Endless Treasures flew up into the air. Endless Needle, Pill, Tree, Book, Brush, Palace.

The six Boundless Treasures exploded with immense power in the air. At this moment, the Boundless Armor on Fen Wanjie's body flew up and gathered in the air with the six Boundless Treasures. It squirmed non-stop and a huge amount of Celestial Realm power boiled. Seven Endless Treasures combined.

Each Endless Treasure could be combined, and the more of them there were, the more power they could wield, and the more celestial power they could wield.

Now that the seven Endless Treasures were gathered together, their power was simply earth-shattering, and they could travel to any place in the Endless World.

After Fen Wanjie took off the Endless Armor, he still didn't reveal his true appearance. His entire body was covered in primal chaos energy, and his true appearance couldn't be seen clearly. He was constantly activating his power, trying to combine the seven treasures into one. At this time, all the court officials and eunuchs in the palace retreated.

"By condensing these seven Endless Treasures, we can open the teleportation formation, and strengthen the fate of the country. It's a pity that we didn't manage to capture the Endless Blade and Endless Sword this time.

Otherwise, we could combine the nine treasures into one, and it definitely wouldn't be like this. "Fen Wanjie was very dissatisfied.

"It's all our subordinates' fault." The six of them hurriedly knelt down.

"Logically speaking, the six of them should be furious that their Endless Treasures were taken away, but they are still so loyal. What kind of charm does Fen Wanjie have?

The reincarnated Endless Treasures are all indomitable beings, but they are actually slaves. My Tranquil Immortal Department's Endless Treasures reincarnated, the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises, Fang Lin, are all peerless Kingdom Scholars, much less Wen Hong. "

Gu Chensha had long locked onto the aura of Chaos Emperor Fen Wanjie. He snuck into the palace and watched as Fen Wanjie held a meeting with his subordinates.

Fen Wanjie actually wanted to lead his subordinates to open the teleportation formation and attack Yongchō. Gu Chensha laughed coldly in his heart.

In Gu Chensha's opinion, the combined strength of the Great Burning Dynasty was far too weak, and it wasn't enough to pose a threat at all. It could be said that as long as the Burning World was sealed, suppressed, and refined, the entire imperial court would basically collapse, and they wouldn't be able to control a large country with a population of hundreds of billions. He had just observed the overall situation of the country.

The entire Great Fen Dynasty was indeed very strict, and there were no opposing factions. However, there were experts hidden among the people, and there were many who had the Flood Dragon Qi. As long as there were no tyrannical overlords to suppress them, these people would take advantage of the situation to rise and throw the world into chaos. Who knew how many would be crowned Emperor, how many would be crowned King.

However, Gu Chensha had no interest in controlling the Great Fen Dynasty. Even if there were two hundred billion people here, if things went well, after a few decades, Gu Chensha could once again gather a huge amount of faith and worship. The country and population here was a huge fortune to any expert, but Gu Chensha didn't have the time now.

What he needed to do was to circulate the Qi of the tens of billions of people in the Divine Central Plains and Yongchō well, so that everyone was a sage, and everyone was an anomaly. This required a great deal of power.

Moreover, in the endless world, there were many countries like the Great Fen Dynasty, as many as the hairs on a cow. When Gu Chensha opened the Door to Heaven and became Emperor Of Heaven, he would naturally be able to control every corner of Heaven, and then gather countless courts. As a true supreme existence, the hearts of the people would be united, and the people would be united. Right now, he was far from being able to do this.

"This Burning of All Worlds is refining an Artifact. I could have just taken it away, but there's no need for that. Moreover, this person's true secret hasn't been forced out." At this moment, Gu Chensha suddenly revealed his body. Under the watchful eyes of the crowd, he appeared like a demon king.

"Incinerate the Myriad Realms, your puny kingdom dares to plot against my Central Divine Prefecture? Don't you think your ambitions are too great? Moreover, you even schemed to capture Gu Danjian and Gu Changjian. Those two are members of the imperial family, so you've already broken the law. Do you understand? "

Gu Chensha looked at the seven Celestial Treasures, and a smile appeared on his face. He didn't immediately take them.

"Gu Chensha!"

At this time, the Burning of All Worlds hidden in the Qi of Primal Chaos continued to condense, and didn't stop. "I knew you would come. Your Celestial Tranquility Department's methods are indeed extraordinary, to be able to lock onto my position. Even with my cultivation and profundities, I can't escape your calculations. But this is also my scheme. I lured you here, do you understand?" .....