Chapter 1045
============

Who Owns the Gourd? Chapter 1041: Who Owns the Gourd

Gu Chensha entered the chaotic universe to find the owner of the gourd. He did not want the gourd. Although the gourd formed by Fa Wuxian was the most powerful magic treasure in history, it was nothing in his eyes. The appearance of the gourd was actually caused by him.

He stimulated Fa Wuxian's hatred, and then set up a trap for Fa Wuxian to escape. Finally, he began to devour the universe, causing the people in the universe to unite against him.

This was also a test subject of his. As expected, when Fa Wuxian went against the flow and devoured everything in the world to his limits, it triggered the resistance of many things in the universe. At the moment when they were dealing with and killing Fa Wuxian, everyone worked together as one. In an instant, the universe's origin energy and human's spirit force reached the strongest degree of resonance.

As a result, a lot of data from this experiment was incorporated by Gu Chensha into his own cultivation system. The Dragonless Heart Technique improved greatly again, and it provided a lot of resources for him to comprehend the tenth level of the Path of Immortality, the realm of non-immortality.

Now, he wanted to find the owner of the gourd, and then observe him to obtain more data, and then obtain more information and emotions.

Fa Wuxian had indeed died, but the brand was still there. In that final strike, the gourd had been purified, causing it to become a truly undying substance.

"This universe is really chaotic …" After entering the huge chaotic universe, Gu Chensha saw thousands of races, countless giants, giant beasts, even magic, immortal sects, giant dragons, devils, gods, humans, demons, immortals, extraterrestrial creatures, technological civilizations, half-human half-beast races, and so on. They all lived in the same space, fighting each other in this universe to obtain the greatest chance of survival. They constantly squeezed the living space of other races to maximize their own benefits. Gu Chensha landed in a huge city.

The city was full of tall castles made of stone, and they were obviously not man-made, but magic power.

The city was very huge, stretching for tens of millions of kilometers. It was the capital of the most powerful empire on this continent, the Arcane Kingdom. This continent was called the Arcane Continent.

Many universes were born under the influence of Gu Chensha's power, and all of them were dominated by the magic civilization.

Back then, in order to escape from Fa Wuxian's pursuit, Wu Dangkong entered the Dragon Valley Continent and fused with the Ancestor of Magic, which allowed him to escape successfully. But now, Fa Wuxian was dead, and Wu Dangkong had become a horse, a mount that pulled the chariot. There was no chance for him to make a comeback.

The Magic Civilization and the Immortal Dao Civilization had completely different philosophies. The Immortal Dao Civilization used the Spiritual Qi of Heaven and Earth to purify one's cultivation, forming a world within one's body and creating everything.

As for the Magic Civilization, they used their own mental power to arrange the various elements in the universe to form spells. These spells were unimaginable, and their variety far exceeded that of the Immortal Dao Civilization. However, the lifespan of some Magicians in the Magic Civilization was far shorter than that of the Immortal Dao Civilization.

Moreover, the Immortal Daoist civilization emphasized solitude, while the Magic civilization emphasized teamwork. For example, a lone Magician would never have great success.

But if many Magicians gathered together to form a huge team, they would study magic with each other, gather all their power together to form a mana pool, and then extract magic from the mana pool, their power would be much greater.

This kind of civilization was like a technological civilization, emphasizing teamwork, but it was more like a combination of the Immortal Dao Civilization and the technological civilization.

When Gu Chensha stepped into the Arcane Continent, he felt that the laws in the continent were everywhere. There was a big arcane network that completely covered the continent, monitoring everything and providing power for the Arcanists on the continent. In this continent, all the Arcanists who contributed to the Arcane Empire could use the arcane network to enhance their own arcane power. The so-called arcane was a variant of magic, which was more refined and creative than magic.

The area of the Arcane Continent was larger than that of the Land of Infinity. The ruler of the Arcane Continent was the Arcane Empire.

The ruler of the Arcane Empire was a group of Arcanists. There was no emperor in the empire, nor was there a strongest ruler. Instead, they formed a joint parliament, and every five years, an Arcane Consul would be elected.

There were thirteen Arcanists in the joint parliament, and they were called the King of Arcane. They ruled together and voted when they encountered something. There were also Arcane Councilors.

This political institution was somewhat similar to the joint parliament of the twelve Lords of prehistoric civilization, Lord Satan, and the Lord God.

Gu Chensha observed the Arcane Continent, the Arcane Empire, and all the structures were in his eyes.

The hierarchy of the Arcane Continent was very obvious. The Arcanists had the highest status in the entire empire, followed by some nobles, then knights, civilians, and slaves.

This hierarchy was somewhat interesting. In the previous orthodox empire of the Land of Infinity, the emperor was the first, and the imperial court was the master. Even the immortals had to surrender to the imperial court and work for the imperial court. But now the Arcane Continent was dominated by the Arcanists.

Even the lowest level of slaves, as long as they were born with arcane aptitude and could trigger the power of the arcane network, their status would immediately be promoted and they would become an existence higher than the nobles. In the Arcane Continent, the status of the Arcanists was sacred.

Countless civilians, slaves, knights, and nobles wanted to awaken their arcane aptitude and become Arcanists. One step into the sky, even the status of an Arcane Apprentice was far above the nobles. In this continent, anyone could turn over a new leaf, it was a world full of opportunities.

Gu Chensha continued to observe and clicked his tongue in wonder. This civilization was quite interesting.

The layers were like a pyramid, the hierarchical structure was strict, but there was no lack of opportunities for advancement, it was both dull and full of hope.

Moreover, in this universe, the Arcane Continent was one of the most powerful empires. The group of arcanists had launched attacks on many continents and empires. They had captured countless races, and they had even captured people from the Path of Immortals to do experiments.

Gu Chensha saw that in the city of the Arcane Kingdom, there were many spaces and teams of arcanists. They were studying all kinds of arcane spells and doing all kinds of experiments. Some of them captured people of the Path of Immortals, dissected them, extracted their blood, and analyzed them. Some captured dragons and used arcane spells to turn the dragons into fighting machines.

Some Undead Arcanists actually captured cultivators of the God Realm and turned them into undead zombies and war puppets.

The cultivation level of the Arcanists was completely different from that of the Immortal Path civilization. They didn't have the physical realm, the Dao realm, and there were no 36 changes, Celestial Lord, Heavenly Longevity, Heavenly Essence, Heavenly Realm, and Heavenly Path.

Their level was evaluated according to the professional title of the Arcane Union. Arcane Apprentices must master two spells, Flash and Water Purification.

Flash was used for illumination, while Water Cleansing was used to turn dirty water into pure water in an instant. It was completely a life skill.

The combat power of Arcane Apprentices wasn't even as good as that of the warriors who hadn't reached the Dao realm, but their Flash and Water Purification arcane spells couldn't be achieved even by the experts of the Five Changes of the Dao realm.

Only by cultivating the Six Changes of the Dao realm could one use Innate Earth Qi to create light and purify water.

It could be seen that the arcane system was completely different from that of the Immortal Path civilization.

In addition, in addition to Flash and Water Purification, Level One Arcanists also had to learn to shoot magic fireballs, which had the same distance as a bow and arrow. They could also ignite and cause a slight explosion. At that time, the Arcanists had the ability to fight.

The fireballs of Level Two Arcanists had a longer range, and they could lock on and track the enemy with magic. It was impossible for the enemy to dodge. As for Level Three Arcanists, they had more methods. Up to now, the Arcanists' level had reached more than 10,000.

There was no limit to the level of the Arcanists. They were divided according to their abilities, and the levels were superimposed.

"Interesting, very interesting. I've already felt that the gourd that Fa Wuxian transformed into is in the Arcane Kingdom, and it's hidden very deeply. If I directly activate my methods and refine the Arcane Kingdom, I can find the whereabouts of the gourd. But now, if I don't damage the Arcane Kingdom, it will take some effort to find the gourd." Gu Chensha smiled.

With his current strength, although the Arcane Kingdom was strong, it would be completely annihilated with a sneeze. Even with the Arcane Kingdom as the center, billions of universes would disappear in an instant.

Moreover, the civilization of the Arcane Kingdom wasn't bad in Gu Chensha's eyes. It was like an exquisite work of art. Gu Chensha couldn't bear to destroy it, he just admired it from a pure point of view. Unknowingly, his mentality had completely changed.

"I can set up a trap here and use the gourd that Fa Wuxian gave birth to to lure Mr. Wu Wu and the others here. I can use this trap to seal Mr. Wu Wu and the others in the gourd. But I have to carry out a deeper level of planning. Interesting, interesting, very interesting. I'll do that." Whoosh!

He transformed into a small aristocrat and lived in the capital of the Arcane Kingdom. The ancestor of the small aristocrat was once a servant of a great arcanist. He was granted many wealth manors. But because of the large family business and large population, the family property was divided and gradually fell into the hands of the small aristocrat. There wasn't much money left. In the capital, there was a house of about 100 square meters. Apart from that, there was nothing else.

The small aristocrat himself was also very cowardly. When his house was targeted, he used arcane magic to quietly kill it.

At the moment of being killed, Gu Chensha resurrected the small aristocrat and sent him into the new world. He changed into the appearance of the small aristocrat.