Chapter 893
===========

Geniuses remember in one second 'Go if you like? Say → ', providing you with interesting novels to read. Chapter 890: The King of Earth's Appearance

The King of Earth wanted to subdue Long Xiangtian, but Long Xiangtian was even more ambitious. He wanted to take the forces of the Underworld under his command. If he could obtain the worship of the Underworld, he would be able to reach the heavens in a single step. He would immediately become one of the major forces in the world. Moreover, his cultivation would soon reach the Sky Lord Realm. Swallowing the Great Stone Wall wouldn't be a problem for him. However, the King of Earth was the Master of Samsara. How could he be subdued by Long Xiangtian?

Hearing Long Xiangtian's words, the King of Earth's eyes flashed with murderous intent. However, he quickly suppressed it and said, "Young man, you're so arrogant. You don't respect the heavens and earth, the Heavenly Court and the Great Dao.

"The Heavenly Court has collapsed and the Great Dao has fallen. I am the Great Dao."

Long Xiangtian looked at the King of Earth provocatively and said, "King of Earth, you're someone who was born with the times. You'll have a place in the future but your fate is already decided.

You won't be able to develop and I'm someone who doesn't exist in the future. Therefore, my potential is limitless. Even now, you can't suppress me. In the near future, I will surpass you and suppress the Underworld. "

Right now, the Earthly Emperor's Samsara Master's strength and realm were indeed above Long Xiangtian's. However, it would not be easy to capture Long Xiangtian.

Therefore, Long Xiangtian wasn't afraid. He was confident. Even if the King of Earth attacked him, it would be a form of training for him.

"Young man, you're too arrogant."

The Master of Samsara, the Earthly Sovereign, shook his head and said, "Today, I came here to see what kind of powerful figure has emerged. My original intention was for us to join hands and conquer the world in the future and start a business. Unfortunately, your ambition is too great, and it does not match your strength at all. In this way, there will definitely be a disaster. You are the same as Gu Chensha, an existence that defies the natural order. I'd better suppress you first. Do you really think that with your cultivation, you can do whatever you want? You are really a frog at the bottom of a well."

As he spoke, the Master of Samsara slowly stretched his hand over. Everything disappeared and what was left was his huge hand. He wanted to capture everyone from the Flying Dragon Guild. "Master of Samsara, the Master of Earth Emperor, slowly stretched out his palm.

In the eyes of those outside, the Great Stone Wall was still windy and sunny. There were many tourists and it was very peaceful. There was no movement at all. The power of the Earthly Sovereign and the Master of Samsara had reached such a level that he could completely ignore the supervision of the imperial court and do whatever he wanted. [Love ↑ Go △ Little ↑ Say △ Net] Qu 】

Gu Chensha was secretly observing all this, and he had a good understanding of the cultivation of the Earthly Sovereign.

The Earthly Sovereign was indeed powerful. He hid and stirred up trouble among the people. The supervision of the imperial court couldn't do anything to him. All the people's marshals had become Celestial Masters or even Real Gods. When they joined hands to supervise the world, they formed a skynet. No matter how strong the cultivators were, they would still be exposed. However, compared to the Earthly Sovereign, there was still a huge gap. The Earthly Sovereign could play a Celestial Master in the palm of his hand.

Even Gu Chensha couldn't find the traces of the Earthly Sovereign because his real body was in charge of the Four Wilds and the Divine Land.

The good thing was that Gu Chensha used his strategy and the attraction of Dragon Soaring Sky to successfully lure the King of Earth out. Knowing the background of the King of Earth, Gu Chensha was very confident that he could deal with this person and uproot the Underworld.

"Let's go!"

At this moment, Long Xiangtian didn't want to fight with the Earthly King, nor did he want to expose his identity here. Suddenly, his body moved and turned into a dragon-shaped light that enveloped everyone. Even Gu Chensha's "Zhou Wang" was taken away by the light. He escaped from the Earthly King's grasp by a hair's breadth.

"Want to run?" The Earthly Sovereign moved and chased after him.

In the blink of an eye, Long Xiangtian left the Four Wilds and the Divine Land and arrived at an unknown place in the Heaven Realm. This place was full of barren mountains and was extremely strange.

The Earthly Sovereign naturally wouldn't let go of Long Xiangtian. He locked his eyes on Long Xiangtian and sent out another palm. This palm could shake the sun and moon, pluck the stars, tear the earth and contain the ocean.

With the current cultivation of the Earthly Sovereign, he could almost destroy the Boundless World with one move.

The Earthly Sovereign's cultivation was above the Sky Origin Realm. Although he hadn't reached the Heaven Realm, he wasn't far from it. Somehow, he had already grasped a part of the highest essence of immortality.

The power that Long Xiangtian was using now was the power of the Great Stone Wall. If it wasn't for the support of the Great Stone Wall, he would have been captured by the Earthly Sovereign in one move.

Although Long Xiangtian's origin was strong, he hadn't reached the Heavenly Lord Realm yet. Naturally, he wasn't a match for the Earthly Sovereign who was second only to the Emperor Of Heaven.

However, Gu Chensha didn't have the intention to make a move because he knew that Long Xiangtian was strong and wouldn't be killed. Under the pressure of the Earthly Sovereign, Long Xiangtian's potential would be stimulated and it wasn't impossible for him to escape unscathed. This was also the reason why Gu Chensha didn't make a move for now. He wanted to see what kind of fortuitous encounters Long Xiangtian would have while being chased. Bang!

Long Xiangtian saw that he couldn't escape from the Earthly Sovereign's attack. He roared in anger and unleashed the power of his newly cultivated Spirit Space. He gathered it on his palm and slapped it towards the Earthly Sovereign.

"Bang!" The moment he attacked, Long Xiangtian once again let out the sound of a group of dragons soaring.

As soon as the sound came out, all living beings in the world seemed to respond. Countless dragon wills gathered on his palm and turned into an ocean. In that ocean, there were countless dragons.

"Good mental cultivation, good martial arts, good supernatural power."

Seeing this palm, the Earthly Sovereign couldn't help but praise. "If I had a few more years, I might not be able to kill you and capture you. Unfortunately, you're still far behind me. I won't let you grow up. Otherwise, you'll become a big problem in the future." As he spoke, a pitch-black reincarnation power appeared on the Earthly Sovereign's palm. Crackle! The two palms collided.

As the two palms collided, a destructive force spread out, turning the surrounding mountains and rivers into ruins. Even the space was torn apart and exploded. Countless space-time turbulence and cosmic tides descended on the land of the Heavenly Realm. Puff!

Long Xiangtian spurted out blood from the impact. His body was in tatters, his eyes were glazed over and his primordial spirit was in a mess.

The Earthly Sovereign strode forward and grabbed Long Xiangtian again. "Long Xiangtian, no one can save you this time. You refused a toast only to be forced to drink a forfeit. If you agreed to my proposal, I could even help you refine the Great Stone Wall. But since you want to drink a forfeit, don't blame me. I'll capture you and turn you into my puppet." "Earthly Sovereign, don't even think about it!" Blood flowed out of Long Xiangtian's eyes. Suddenly, he let out a roar and burst out again.

As he did, countless beams of starlight appeared in the depths of the chaotic flow of space and time. The starlight formed a huge dragon, which then transformed into a stone stele. The stone stele was covered with twisting dragon-snake characters, and it was filled with an archaic aura. The stone tablet rumbled as it flew into Long Xiangtian's body and entered his world.

"Eh? The Astral Dragon Tablet! "

The Earthly Sovereign recognized the tablet at first glance. It was the strongest artifact the Astral Dragon Tribe had ever created. The Astral Dragon Tribe was the most unique of the dragon tribes, born from the Dragon Gate of Yin-Huang. But later on, the tribe broke away from the Dragon Gate and became a powerful faction. They even wanted to devour the stars in the Heavenly World, turning them into their private property. It was because of this thought that the Astral Dragon Tribe met with a calamity.

However, the Star Dragon Clan was a great clan that had once dominated the world, after all. They had refined countless treasures, conquered and created countless worlds, and had also given birth to a glorious civilization.

In the past, Yuhuan Lu obtained one of the Astral Dragon Tribe's ultimate treasures, the Myriad Melody Dragon Zither. Even a Heavenly Longevity Realm ancient like Wan Senshi was moved by it. The Myriad Melody Dragon Zither was only one of the Astral Dragon Tribe's treasures.

In ancient legends, the Astral Dragon Tribe wanted to create an artifact that surpassed the Dragon Gate of Yin-Huang, the Astral Dragon Tablet. The Astral Dragon Tablet only existed in legends. It had never appeared in the real world.

Right now, Long Xiangtian was about to be captured by the Sovereign of Earth. He didn't know what kind of fate or miracle he had come across, but the Star Dragon Stele actually appeared and entered his Inner World, providing him with endless power.

"Good! This kid's fate isn't fated to die yet. Even the Earthly Sovereign can't kill him for now. "

Gu Chensha watched silently and didn't make a move. The Astral Dragon Tablet's appearance proved his speculation. "The Astral Dragon Tablet is indeed mysterious. Of course, the Astral Dragon Tribe was born in the Dragon Gate by chance. Endless starlight was absorbed by the Dragon Gate, which gave birth to the ancient and tyrannical Dragon Tribe. They broke free and became a powerful tribe.

They created a glorious civilization. Although it's not as advanced as the prehistoric civilization, it's still very mysterious and powerful. The Astral Dragon Tablet's profundity is almost equal to the Dragon Gate of Yin-Huang. However, if it wants to surpass the Dragon Gate, it's still lacking a bit. But now that it's inside Long Xiangtian's world, it'll be nourished by his Soaring Dragon Mantra. In the future, if it devours the Great Stone Wall, it'll truly transcend and become an existence that surpasses the Dragon Gate. " Long Xiangtian really had a fortuitous encounter.

The Astral Dragon Tablet contained the entire Astral Dragon Tribe's civilization and accumulated power. The Astral Dragon Tribe's entire civilization was no weaker than the Dragon Gate of Yin-Huang.

In other words, in that instant, Long Xiangtian obtained a treasure that was on the same level as the Dragon Gate of Yin-Huang. His entire person began to be reborn, and his cultivation rose once again!