Chapter 54
==========

As a prince, every small move he made would bring in mountains of gold and silver. Even the most thrifty prince would spend hundreds of thousands of dollars a year. If he wanted to enjoy luxury, to nurture talents and death warriors, to form alliances, then it would be a bottomless pit. A million would be spent, not to mention building formations and buying treasures.

He searched for Hundred Poison Priest and realized that he only had poison scriptures and some poisons. Apart from that, there was nothing else. He probably stored his belongings somewhere else and didn't bring them with him.

After packing everything up, Gu Chensha didn't bother about all this. He exited the space and dashed towards the main road once more.

The barbarian general and the barbarian soldiers had disappeared. On the main road, horse hooves could be seen. They didn't advance but retreated.

"The barbarian soldiers actually retreated?"

Gu Chensha was delighted, "It seems like the barbarian general couldn't find me and couldn't find the Blood Soul Sect Leader and Hundred Poison Priest, so he panicked. He probably knew that the two of them were dead and was probably ambushed by experts."

Two Dao Realm Transformation Realm Demons disappeared just like that. No matter how strong the barbarian general was, his heart was pounding. It was natural for him to retreat. Since the danger in the town was solved, Gu Chensha naturally had to head back to take a look.

When he returned to the town, there was actually a battle here. The ground was covered in blood and there were corpses everywhere. There were barbarian soldiers and evil sect members.

"19th Master, you are back?"

Liu Yu and the others were covered in blood and were covered in wounds. However, they were still in good spirits and flew over, "The moment you left, barbarian soldiers and evil sect members attacked. Luckily, there weren't many of them and we forced them to retreat." "It seems like there are many barbarian soldiers roaming about. The town isn't safe either."

Gu Chensha looked around, "On the main road, I saw thousands of barbarian cavalry. I killed a few hundred and lured them away, but they probably won't be able to hold them back for long. Pack up and escort your people to Xian City. Here are 200,000 coins, enough for you to settle down in Xian City. Once the war is over, you can return." "Thank you 19th Master for your kindness."

The five of them were so touched that they almost cried. Even if the tens of thousands of people in the town went to Xian Du, they would have no relatives or friends. Most of them left in a hurry and didn't bring any money with them. Even food was a problem. Now that they had 200,000, they could at least alleviate a lot of their problems.

At that moment, the five of them knelt down. "Nineteenth Master has saved our town. From now on, no matter what happens, we swear to repay you with our lives."

"Get up. This is all doing good deeds and accumulating virtue. There will definitely be good fortune."

Gu Chensha gestured for the five of them to stand up. "The five of you have had a fortuitous encounter. I intend to nurture you into the pillars of the country. Do not make a mistake." "Yes!" "How many young men are there in the town who can fight?" "Two hundred and forty-three."

Jia Liang reported, "They are all very strong, and they usually like to practice martial arts and hunt. They have some skills, and in a one-on-one fight, they might not be weaker than ordinary soldiers."

"Alright, gather them together and train them into soldiers. Strip off the armor and weapons of the barbarians and equip them yourselves." Gu Chensha said, "From now on, they will be disciplined according to military law." "Yes!" The five of them quickly went to work.

Gu Chensha returned to the courtyard and took out some of the Blood Strengthening Pills he obtained from the treasure vault of the Barbarian Tribe Temple. He was going to use them as military rations.

This Blood Strengthening Pill was a precious pill that only the disciples of the barbarians could obtain. One pill was enough to last them for three days. There were strong young men here, and it was a big problem for them to eat every day. But with the Blood Strengthening Pill, everything could be easily solved.

Another point was that he lacked real helpers in his mansion, and he didn't dare to recklessly recruit them. Otherwise, there would be countless spies sneaking in. Now that there were more than two hundred people here with clean backgrounds, why not nurture them and bring them back in the future? The capital of Xian Dynasty.

It was the capital of the entire Xian Dynasty in the past, and it was also the largest city at the border.

Lou Baiyue and the Third Prince were both here, giving out orders and paying close attention to the movements in Ba Nan Province.

"How's the situation with the Nineteenth Prince recently?"

Lou Baiyue listened to the intelligence from her subordinates. Her cultivation had become more profound recently. It seemed that after consuming the Calamity Golden Pill, she had experienced the vicissitudes of thousands of lives. No one could see through her cultivation. With every passing day, she became more powerful.

"Princess, the Nineteenth Prince has saved the town. Tens of thousands of townspeople have been moved to the vicinity of Xian Du. He has also selected some strong men from the townspeople to increase their training. It seems that he wants to resist the evil cult and barbarians at the frontline."

It was still Yu Xiang who reported, "As for Inspector Ba Nan, he is rushing to ask for help from the Third Prince to ensure that the provincial capital is not lost. The Third Prince has already sent a few experts there, and it seems that he is also making a move." "The Third Prince only has a few tricks up his sleeves."

Lou Baiyue tapped her finger on the table. "But the Nineteenth Prince has already started to train his own confidants. We really can't underestimate him." "He can train them by pulling up able-bodied men at the last minute? This is child's play. "Yu Xiang expressed her opinion.

"No, he has the Tiger-Wolf Pill. Even a weakling would become a Tiger-Wolf warrior after consuming it." Lou Baiyue frowned. "I just don't understand. Where did he get this pill? I want to get more of it from him to train my Lou family's disciples. "

"Last time, the princess issued an order for the Nineteenth Prince and Imperial Inspector Ba Nan to annihilate the cult within a month. Now that the month is approaching, the cult's annihilation is still a long way off. Are we going to punish them?"

"I originally set the deadline to force the remnants of Xian Du to show themselves. I didn't expect the Nineteenth Prince to not collude with them. He is really meticulous in his work. Moreover, he has already killed the Black Demon Bat and Yinyang Scholar. He has already made contributions." Lou Baiyue pondered. "If I go too far, the imperial court might criticize me. But I want to see what his trump card is. I still have to force him. " "Princess!"

Just when Lou Baiyue was about to make a move, Miao Xiang hurriedly came in and said, "Nineteenth Prince has killed two more old devils, the Blood Soul Cult Master and the Hundred Poisons Spiritual Master. Their corpses have been specially sent to the palace by Inspector-General Ba Nan.

Other than that, he has beheaded four hundred barbarian cavalrymen and three to four hundred evil cult followers. " "What?"

Lou Baiyue slammed the table and stood up. "The Black Demon Bat, Yinyang Scholar, the Blood Soul Cult Leader, and the Hundred Poisons Spiritual Master were all killed by him. With such contributions, I'm afraid I have no reason to force him. From a certain point of view, he has already destroyed the evil cult.

Moreover, he has stuck to the frontline to train his troops. No mistakes can be found in any situation. There is really no other way. "

"Yes, he has a good reputation now. He has saved tens of thousands of people in a town. Now those people are spreading his good deeds everywhere. They have already praised him as if he has given birth to tens of thousands of Buddhas. It can be seen that he is very good at operating." Miao Xiang reminded Lou Baiyue that she should be vigilant.

"I knew he was not an ordinary person, but I still underestimated him. Once he left the capital city, he returned to the sea like a dragon returning to the sea. He has done incredible things one after another. You see, he is very methodical in his actions. He has won the hearts of the people, assassinated the devils, and trained his troops. These things have been done by the Emperor many years ago." Lou Baiyue looked into the distance as if she was thinking about something very important. The few maids did not dare to disturb her. After a long time, she said, "What about Old Tenth? He brought so many troops and was so aggressive. Did he not achieve anything at all? "

"His Highness Tenth went to Tea County and fought with the barbarians a few times. He beheaded four to five hundred people and lost fifty-three soldiers." Miao Xiang took out an intelligence report. "This is a copy of the memorial written by His Highness Tenth himself."

"Old Tenth is really useless. He only beheaded so few people and suffered so many losses. He actually wants to ask for a reward."

Lou Baiyue almost laughed. "Write down a summary of Gu Chensha's military achievements and send it over with a messenger eagle. I want to see where Old Tenth will put his face."

There was a county called Hui County that was a hundred miles away from Tea County. At this time, the county was empty and there were bloodstains everywhere. It was obvious that a great battle had taken place.

On the city walls, there were warriors wearing full body armor. They were dark and heavy and emitted the aura of a giant beast. Each warrior was fierce and fierce, as if they could tear tigers and leopards apart at any time.

The Tenth Prince, Gu Zhensha, was sitting in the yamen in the city. The yamen had been destroyed. The magistrate and all kinds of small officials had been taken away by the evil sect to be sacrificed. The entire county had been bathed in blood. When he came, it was an empty city. But now, he had stationed troops here to defeat the barbarians and the evil sect.

"The imperial court's armor and fire talisman spears have not been obtained. What did Old Seventh say? Must he stop me? "Gu Zhensha asked the family guard next to him.

"The imperial court said that they do not have that much armor and fire talisman spears. However, the Heavenly Craftsmen Institute is working hard. Also, the merit of beheading the barbarians has been reported. "The family guard said respectfully.

"The army under Lou Baiyue is all using fire talisman spears. I don't believe that the Heavenly Craftsmen Institute does not have any in stock!"

Gu Zhensha snorted. "Father is in seclusion and Old Seventh is supervising the country. He does not dare to offend Lou Baiyue, but he dares to offend me." "Of course. You are a prince. You have the right to fight with him for the throne."

A voice came from behind. It was the mysterious Mr. Feng. "No matter what, Lou Baiyue is just a woman. Although she is favored, she is not a threat to His Highness. It is natural for him to suppress you in order to win her over."

"Mr. Feng, I did not expect the barbarian army to be so strong. There is even a barbarian marshal in the temple in Tea County. If it was not for you protecting me secretly, I would not have survived." Gu Zhensha was secretly shocked.

"That is all I can do. You will have to walk the rest of the path yourself. Otherwise, you will never be favored by the witchcraft. Since you have entered the Dao state, I will not stay for long. I have to train another successor." Mr. Feng's words were straightforward. However, the ancient witchcraft was a survival of the fittest.

Gu Zhensha's eyelids twitched when he heard this. His murderous intent was released but he suppressed it. "If that is the case, when will you leave, Mr. Feng?"

"I am not in a hurry. I will leave when it is time to leave." Mr. Feng suddenly retreated and hid in the darkness. He no longer existed.

"This time, I have killed hundreds of barbarian soldiers. It is a meritorious service. If the imperial court does not reward me, it will not be right. You must send me the fire talisman spear." Gu Zhensha stood up and stomped his feet. The ground cracked, revealing his anger.

At this moment, a falcon flew down from the sky and landed in the hands of a family guard. The family guard took down a letter and handed it to him. After he took it, he looked at it. His face was purple with anger.

"Damn it, damn it! Gu Chensha, I want you to die a horrible death! "