Chapter 283
===========

The Star Ultimacy was not to be underestimated. It was the Star Primordial Spirit. Although it was not the complete Star Primordial Spirit, the divine power it contained was not something that ordinary humans could compare to. Even gods could not compare to the Star Ultimacy.

For example, if Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue devoured a trace of a god's primordial spirit, the benefits they would gain would be far inferior to what they would gain after refining the Star Ultimacy and Star Ultimacy.

The stars were vast and boundless, and each star had a lifespan of billions of years, or even longer. As for gods, their lifespan was only about a hundred thousand years or so, and they would fall. Gods were not immortal. However, a hundred thousand years was too long for the human world, even for immortal cultivators. It was unknown how many times the world had changed.

Thinking about it, even if one cultivated the Eighteen Transformations of the Golden Core Great Path, they would only have a lifespan of a thousand years, which would be enough to experience three dynasties in the human world. Three hundred years was enough for the dynasties to change, and the vicissitudes of life. A human's lifespan was too insignificant for a god's.

As long as the supreme Star Ultimacy and Star Ultimacy merged into a human's soul, they could directly turn a person into a peerless genius.

Right now, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue were going to refine them, expel the sin, and return them to their origin, turning them into the purest power of the primordial spirit.

With their cultivation, they could withstand it and not be transformed by the sinful aura, but the two babies could not.

If the two babies were to fuse, their souls would be affected by the sinful aura, and they would eventually become the incarnation of the Star Ultimacy, walking in the human world and bringing great disasters.

"This is really our luck this time."

Lou Baiyue looked at the two great stars that were sealed in the Boundless Realm, then raised her head to look at the sky, at the two great stars that were suspended in the depths of the Milky Way, and no one knew how far away they were. She then laughed coldly, "These two Devil Stars are filled with evil and sinful Qi, and nothing good usually happens when they descend into the human world. Three thousand years ago, Martial Emperor unified the world and built the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, causing the country's power to rise with each passing day. He also wanted to attack the Barbarian Race, and when he was about to destroy this dynasty, the Heavenly Dipper Stars and Earthly Fiend Stars suddenly descended from the sky, bringing disaster to the world. In the end, the huge Wu Dynasty was destroyed, and even the Wu Clan suffered a great blow. If it wasn't for the protection of the Martial Saint's Spirit, the Wu Clan might not exist anymore, or even become a second or third-rate clan."

"Over the past thousands of years, there have been hundreds and thousands of dynasties in the Divine Land, but when it comes to heroes, Martial Emperors are the only ones.

It was a pity that he had probably triggered some sort of destiny of heaven and earth, resulting in the collapse of his dynasty and his death. What a pity. "

Gu Chensha had read the history books, and many of them had detailed descriptions of this emperor. He was also wise and mighty. Although he was far from the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, he had forced the barbarians to retreat repeatedly.

The Martial Emperors had a few fierce generals under him, and their cultivation had comprehended creation. They had even injured the Wolf God of the evil gods.

It was a pity that the creation of the Dragon Transformation Pagoda was too heaven-defying, causing the country to suffer calamities one after another. 108 stars of the Heavenly Constellation and Earthly Fiend descended into the world, turning into rebels and stirring up the world.

This time, it was even more serious than the previous time. Previously, only 108 stars of the Heavenly Constellation and Earthly Fiend had descended into the world, but this time, thousands of stars had descended.

The calamities of the mountains and rivers were probably more than a hundred times more intense than the previous time.

"Come, let's refine the profundities of these stars."

Lou Baiyue wasted no time and immediately took action. "This is His Majesty's great fortune. We can't open the Book of Heavenly Demons, but we have obtained the profundities of these two stars. Our strength has increased greatly, and we are more confident." "Shatter."

Gu Chensha didn't say much. The Dragon Gate opened up and spun violently, instantly wrapping the two of them within.

Within the Dragon Gate, the 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals immediately activated their earth energy and started to form a whirlpool.

These 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals became stronger and stronger as Gu Chensha's cultivation increased. Especially after devouring the Green Dragon Divine Wood, their intelligence had increased greatly, and they had also devoured the Dragon Nurturing Energy. All of them were no weaker than genius humans.

The strength of each Heaven Mending Divine General was almost comparable to the genius disciples of the Celestial Dao Mystic Sect who had cultivated to the 11th Transformation of the Dao Realm.

Originally, the Heaven Mending Divine Generals weren't so strong, but ever since Gu Chensha had been enveloped by the mysterious Heavenly Dao Divine Light, his mental energy had increased by several times. These Heaven Mending Divine Generals communicated with him through their souls, and their strength had also increased, making up for many of their shortcomings.

With these Heaven Mending Divine Generals, Gu Chensha's strength had increased greatly. This was also the reason why he could casually kill an 18 Transformation Great Dao Golden Core expert.

Three hundred and sixty Heaven Mending Divine Generals were already the number of heavenly cycles, close to perfection. Gu Chensha's goal was to help these Heaven Mending Divine Generals become primordial spirits. That way, his spiritual energy would also be connected to them.

To a certain degree, these Heaven Mending Divine Generals were actually independent living beings. They could grow, cultivate, and think for themselves. However, they would definitely listen to Gu Chensha. They were like death warriors that he was nurturing. No, they were a level higher than death warriors.

At this moment, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue went all out once more. The Great Massacre God Technique's shattering power along with the Common People Heaven Mending Technique's healing power suppressed the shockwaves. The two stars were on the verge of collapsing, like they couldn't take it anymore.

With Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue's current cultivation working together, even experts at Dao Realm 20 Transformation would be able to refine them.

Of course, these two stars were much stronger than experts at Dao Realm 20 Transformation. But after all, they weren't humans and didn't have any consciousness. They only had spirituality. If they faced other people, they might not be able to refine them.

But Gu Chensha cultivated the Common People Heaven Mending Technique that evolved from the Son of Heaven Sealing God Technique. Under Heaven Talisman Emperor's calculations, not only did his Common People Heaven Mending Technique have the full strength of the Son of Heaven Sealing God Technique, but it also had a new mutation.

As for Lou Baiyue, she directly used the Great Massacre God Technique, a technique that had never existed since ancient times. When the two techniques worked together, they formed an unparalleled destructive power. Weng …

The two evil stars that were sealed in the Endless World gave off a lot of starlight. The black energy dissipated and what replaced it was a corporeal star liquid that even gave off a fragrance.

Gu Chensha absorbed a little bit, and it went directly into his Sea of Consciousness. The starlight illuminated his Sea of Consciousness, and his Sea of Consciousness expanded infinitely. Under the nourishment of the Star power Upanishad, his annual thoughts increased, from thirty thousand to forty thousand, fifty thousand, sixty thousand, and it didn't stop. Peng!

A pure yang flame appeared in his consciousness. This was the Pure Yang True Flame of the Mental Energy. Once this true flame was born, it would have the ability to swallow and refine different types of souls. This was the Dao Realm 13 Transformation, Demon Swallowing Ghost. But this wasn't enough.

Demon Swallowing Ghost was only at the mental level. If one wanted to use mental energy to interfere with physical matter, one had to reach 44 transformations and leave the body. Once one reached 14 transformations, it would be the same as turning mental energy into Soul Power. Soul Power and mental energy were both God Power but they were of a much higher grade.

Soul Power could be used to move mountains and rivers. Although Xiantian Earth Energy could do it too, it wasn't as good as Soul Power. For example, Soul Power could instantly drill into the ground and wouldn't be obstructed. If Xiantian Earth Energy wanted to drill into the ground, one had to dig a hole. It was the same at the bottom of the sea.

Soul Power wasn't affected by physical matter and wasn't affected by underwater pressure, but Soul Power could interfere with physical matter. This was an unfair advantage.

It was like there were two people and one could hit you but you couldn't. The advantage was just too obvious. Once the soul was formed, one's ability to use treasures would increase greatly.

Using Xiantian Earth Energy to activate treasures and using Soul Power to activate treasures were totally different.

Now, Gu Chensha's Dragon Gate was still using his own Xiantian Earth Energy. At most, he was using mental energy to support it. Mental energy wasn't able to interfere with reality and activate the many formations.

Once the soul was formed, one could directly use it to activate the formations. That ability was unparalleled.

This was like the Heavenly Craftsman Institute's iron carriages. The difference between burning wood and burning kerosene was even bigger.

Think about it, the same machine, one powered by wood, the other powered by pure oil. Which one was more powerful?

For magical treasures, innate energy was like coarse wood, and Nascent Divinity was like pure kerosene. Treasures were like that and so was the human body.

Using Xiantian Earth Energy to nourish the body was far inferior to using Soul Power to nourish the body. People who cultivated Soul Power would have much stronger bodies than those who didn't.

In theory, the Dao Realm 14 Transformations of Soul Power was an important change. It meant that one could leave the body and undergo all sorts of changes. Honglong!

After Gu Chensha had absorbed a bit of the Star Profundity, his Sea of Knowledge had doubled in size. His Mind Power had also doubled, allowing him to multitask. Moreover, he had cultivated the Devouring Demon and Ghoul 13 times. This was a huge accomplishment. However, the Star Enlightenment continued to flow into the depths of his mind. He continued to merge it and expand his mind.

The bigger the mind, the more mental energy it could hold and the stronger the Soul Power he cultivated would be. This was common sense.

"The Great God Slaying Art, Endless Dimensions, Central Heavens, Ten Directions of Chaos, My Heart of Primordial Chaos, Innate Reformation Cauldron. The so-called Dao, everything is within the word 'reformation'. The Heavenly Dao has a mandate, the common people come to reform, the Reformation Cauldron Heaven's Mandate, breaking the old cage and obtaining a new one. This is the meaning of endless life and death, there can be no construction without destruction."

All of a sudden, Lou Baiyue burst into laughter. She rotated her aura, and in the blink of an eye, her aura changed into thousands of different auras. Then, her Connate Empyrean energy merged with her nascent divinity and flesh aura to form a Gold Core.

This Golden Pellet was ethereal and it was between real and fake. However, it gave off a different aura. This aura was like that of a pioneer, trying his best to open up a path that no one had ever walked before, to change the destiny of the world, to change everything and to explore the future.

"Chensha, you comprehended the Common People Heaven Mending Technique. Today, I will follow your thoughts, along with the various changes of my Great God Slaying Technique, the Emperor's personality, and my own aura. I will comprehend a technique that is similar to yours, but also totally different. That will be the Common People Heaven Changing Technique!

The old Heaven Dao is old and can't run the entire universe. Then, let the people create a new Heaven Dao and change the old destiny. Let the universe be filled with life once more. People don't have to follow the destiny and the destiny can be changed. "