Chapter 534
===========

Calming Xian Division had eight saints, their small chiliocosms forming physical forms. All of their cultivations had greatly increased. The Commander of Common People had also risen by a crucial level. It could be said that their overall strength had risen by several levels. Everyone was delighted. However, the depths of the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven were filled with gloom as everyone attacked.

"Who is it?"

King Wu Yu was enraged. "Who was it that stole all the treasures of my Wu Clan? Why did all the rare Taiji treasures, elixirs, and even the bones of our Wu Clan's Godly experts disappear?" "Where is Wudang Xing? Where did that kid run off to?

Was he killed in the battle? "Emperor Wu suddenly asked," That's not right. Why can't I divine his movements? He doesn't look like he's dead, and he has my World Energy on him, which can protect him. " "If I'm not wrong, this kid should have stolen our Wu Clan's treasury during the chaos."

Wu Dangkong said coldly, "You might not know, but he has an extremely strong existence behind him. Even the Great Spirit God is wary of him." "Good kid, we've all misjudged him."

At this time, King Wu Yu was enraged. "To think that we gave him the seven divine swords. This brat is extremely ambitious. Order all the experts of the Wu Clan to kill this brat. We must take back the treasures. This time, our Wu Clan has suffered a huge loss. "

"I don't think that's necessary. I still want to work with Wudang Xing. Since he has a strong existence behind him, he has great value. The nine of you don't need to be angry."

Wu Dangkong waved her hand. Now, she had some authority, and it was huge. "The Martial Saint said that I am the leader. The nine of you have to listen to me now. The Martial Saint and the Xing Qiong Clan have reached an agreement to leave behind the Divine Prefecture Ominous Armor to assist me. This time, the Martial Saint Grotto-Heaven suffered a huge loss, but as long as we work hard, it will recover quickly. It's not worth offending Wudang Xing now. Emperor Wu, don't you agree? " "I have no objections."

The Martial Emperor's eyes darted around as he pondered. "Even though I've become an Anomaly, it'll be extremely difficult for me to return to my previous state. The Xing Qiong Clan is still supporting Wu Dangkong, and they've even sent the Divine Prefecture Ominous Armor to assist him. There's no way I can go against them. Thankfully, I've obtained a third of the control rights of the Martial Saint's Paradise this time. With that as the foundation, it's not impossible for me to establish a great cause."

"Hmph!" King Wu Yu and the other nine patriarchs were very dissatisfied, but there was nothing they could do.

Wu Dangkong, not only did the Xing Qiong Clan support her, but the Martial Saint's spirit also supported her. The two supreme existences had come to an agreement, and they did not dare to resist.

"Right now, we have to unite with sincerity. The Martial Saint's Abode is under our control, we are bound together for good or bad."

Wu Dangkong said, "Lord Martial Emperor, although you've become an anomaly and have unparalleled remarkable abilities, surpassing ordinary Divine level experts, without your own influence, it'll all be for naught. You won't be able to gather everyone to form karmic luck, strengthen your Paradise, and elevate it to a world. I have a good suggestion, but I wonder if you'll implement it?" "Speak."

The Martial Emperor's tone was ice-cold. He was thinking of how he could seize back control of the others, then refine everyone, and the Paradise would naturally recover.

He would not trust anyone, and he liked to kill all factors that he could not control. In his eyes, there were no friends, no competitors. There was only submission or death. He was high and mighty, the supreme ruler who had control over everything.

"Right now, there's a power called the Human Dragon Association. It's in the Sin Province, and they've converted a large number of demons to serve as protectors. With the support of the Celestial Pacification Bureau, they're slowly developing, and their power is actually expanding rapidly.

"However, they're still far from being able to accomplish anything. As long as Lord Martial Emperor heads there, you'll definitely be able to capture them easily. How about it?" Wu Dangkong said, "I won't fight with Lord Martial Emperor over this fat piece of meat." "How is this a fat piece of meat? It's a bone that's hard to chew."

The Martial Emperor looked toward the void. "The manifestation of the Celestial Pacification Bureau's Orb of Common People's Wishes has already completely disappeared. There's no way to see it, and we don't know what kind of power it contains.

That Human Dragon Association is obviously supported by them, and they have the backing of the Buddhist Sect. Who knows if there's an ancient Buddhist giant backing them?

If I act rashly, I'm afraid I'll be attacked by both the Celestial Pacification Bureau and the Buddhist Sect giant. At that time, you can refine me and seize control of me. This is a good idea. "

"Lord Martial Emperor is so suspicious that it's practically rare in history. It's no wonder that when the Martial Emperor Dynasty collapsed back then, everyone deserted him, and he didn't have a single loyal subordinate. In fact, he was even kicked by everyone when he was down." Wu Dangkong laughed.

"Fight, fight. When the two of you fight until both of you are injured, we can clean up the Paradise again." King Wu Yu and the others were extremely depressed. They looked forward to the Martial Emperor and Wu Dangkong fighting.

All of a sudden, Wu Dangkong's expression changed drastically, as if he had received some kind of information.

"What's happening outside?" The Martial Emperor asked.

"Lou Baiyue and Gu Huasha of the Celestial Pacification Bureau have obtained Innate Sage qualifications. They hired many newspaper organizations to spread the news around the world and held a large-scale conference. The news has already spread everywhere. The Celestial Pacification Bureau's reputation has risen because of this. Many officials of the imperial court who were originally wavering have now completely submitted to the Celestial Pacification Bureau. Even some disciples of aristocratic families are secretly communicating with the Celestial Pacification Bureau. Moreover, there's one more thing. The General of the People has also advanced. All 360 of them have advanced to the Twenty-Three Transformations Past Reflection realm. They are also displaying it." Wu Dangkong said word by word as he gritted his teeth.

"Damn it." The Martial Emperor was enraged.

At this moment, outside the Great Wall, in the plaza in front of the Celestial Pacification Bureau in the new capital city, countless newspaper organizations had gathered to watch the press conference of the Celestial Pacification Bureau.

The world was changing with each passing day. Every major business organization had begun to publish their own newspapers. The newspapers contained news from all over the world, including the major events of the imperial court, the prices of resources, new rumors, and major cases. There were even articles and novels written by some scholars.

Even the lowliest commoners in the world would pick up a stack of newspapers to read during their leisure time. The news spread extremely quickly, and all the major events of the world were within their grasp.

The Celestial Pacification Bureau's newspaper had the largest circulation. Even the most remote mountain villages had their newspaper.

Moreover, every issue of the Celestial Pacification Bureau's newspaper contained all sorts of cultivation techniques and even explanations of various dao techniques. All the aristocratic aristocratic families, officials, local tycoons, martial sects, gangs, and societies were the first to collect and purchase the newspapers. They were all snatched up, making paper the most expensive in the world. Every piece of news from the Celestial Pacification Bureau shocked the world.

"Everyone, this is the news that our Celestial Pacification Bureau has announced today. The two department heads have become Innate Sages, and the General of the People has advanced as a whole. In the future, our Celestial Pacification Bureau will increase the supply of the Human-Dragon Three Piece Set." The person who announced the news was Long Yuyun. As soon as the news was announced, it spread like wildfire.

In the short span of a month, it had spread throughout the entire Divine Continent, even to the Eastern Wasteland's Profound Immortal Dao sects.

Innate Sage aptitude was no trifling matter. In recent years, only the School of Legalism had produced Fa Wuxian. Not even one of the seventy-two Profound Immortal Sects had appeared.

For example, a long time ago, the Black Heaven Earth Gate had produced Xuan Xin, but he had been killed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Now, the Celestial Pacification Bureau had produced eight Sages.

Ignoring the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermilion Bird, and the Black Tortoise, Zhuge Ya was the Lord of Seven Stars, a king among Sages.

Gu Chensha had long since obtained the aptitude to become an Innate Sage. Once Lou Baiyue and Gu Huasha became Sages, the world was truly shaken.

All the powers could see that the court's direction had truly changed. The Crown Prince's glory and prestige had been stolen by the Celestial Pacification Bureau. Even the Celestial Designer Institute's glory had dimmed.

Moreover, in the past month, the supply of Human-Dragon Pills, Human-Dragon Swords, and Human-Dragon Armor had greatly increased. Countless Pill-Sword Armors flowed into the market, increasing the nation's strength.

With the support of the Celestial Pacification Bureau, the governors strengthened their control over the provinces. The Celestial Pacification Bureau's trading company had thoroughly squeezed out the National Fate Party and the Clearsky Chamber of Commerce.

Even some of the National Fate Party's talents from the Clearsky Chamber of Commerce had joined the Celestial Pacification Bureau.

When the second and third rate aristocratic families saw this, they all supported the Celestial Pacification Bureau. Some of them even sent their disciples to join the Celestial Pacification Bureau.

At the same time, the Celestial Pacification Bureau's various policies were carried out with vigor and vigor. This was especially true for the population policy.

In order to maintain the birth rate, the Celestial Pacification Bureau had set up medical centers in various places. With the protection of spirit medicines, the newborns basically wouldn't die prematurely.

Moreover, this time, the Celestial Pacification Bureau had also announced that all pregnant women would be able to obtain the newly developed "Heavenly Dew Pill". As long as they took this pill, even if they were terminally ill, they would be completely cured. The child would also be born healthy and wouldn't suffer any difficulties during childbirth. Moreover, the mother of the child would be even healthier and have boundless energy.

The "Heavenly Dew Pill" was naturally produced from the heavenly dew rain that Gu Chensha had transformed into. Now that he had transformed the heavenly dew into a rainstorm, it already had eighty percent of the true heavenly dew's effects. When it was refined into a pill, it could naturally cure all diseases and strengthen the body. With a little research and development, it would be greatly beneficial to pregnant women and babies. For this, Gu Chensha had put his life on the line.

He wanted to do everything possible to increase the Yongchō's population, increase the nation's luck, and make the human race flourish. Even if they encountered a Devil Calamity in the future, they would be able to preserve a large amount of vitality. He persisted in the strategy of "man conquers nature".

At this moment, his vision was completely different. He was standing in the perspective of the entire human race.

He knew that the Dharma Saint was activating the Spirit Demon Project. However, he also had a plan in mind, and that was the No Demon Project.

What Yin and Yang balance, what Light and Darkness alternating, what Good and Evil opposing, what Spirit Demon cycle, what Extreme Prosperity Must Lead to Decline? All of these should die.

In this world, there shouldn't be any Devils. There shouldn't be any evil. There should only be justice and order.

Therefore, he wanted to eliminate all Devils. He wanted those who upheld justice and order to live in every world.