Chapter 1097
============

Translator: Noodletown Translated Editor: Noodletown Translated

"Your feeling is right. The new world has already developed its own will. This will has grown and developed, and it doesn't want to obey me anymore. So, it's choosing a main character and trying to use the power of the main character to make it a human and have endless power," Gu Chensha said calmly as if he had expected this to happen.

Whether it was the will of the new world or the will of the old world, they weren't real people. No matter how strong they were, they didn't have their own hearts, which meant that they lacked the space to advance.

So, they had to choose and nurture a main character. With the help of the main character, they could become real people with hearts. The will of the old world was like that, and so was the will of the new world.

"The son has really grown up and become rebellious."

Lou Baiyue said, "If that's the case, it's not very safe for us to live in the new world. I can feel that the new world is a bit hostile towards me."

"It doesn't matter. I can completely suppress the new world. No matter how strong it is, I created it. Of course, we have to be on guard."

Gu Chensha calculated for a while. "Since it's also starting to choose a main character, it can make the situation more complicated. The more it is like this, the more interesting I will be. The stronger and more stable my foundation is, the more solid it will be. " "Let's see what kind of main characters it can choose."

Lou Baiyue said, "If the main character of the old world is chosen, and the main character of the new world is also chosen, where should we go when the two of them fight?"

"We'll wait for them to decide the victor and devour each other. In the end, they'll become an extremely powerful existence and fight me."

Gu Chensha said, "As fate passes and changes, this main character will become stronger and stronger, but the data I get will also increase. Just now, when the new world chose a main character to replace Tang Chuan, my immortal module gained some more foundation. Not bad, not bad." Gu Chensha smiled.

"Things are indeed interesting. In the past, talented people appeared in every generation, and they dominated for hundreds of years. No matter how brilliant they were, as time passed, they would still have to leave the stage of history and let new people take revenge. But times have changed, and everything has changed. We won't leave." Lou Baiyue's tone was a bit excited.

"Never leave." Gu Chensha nodded. "That's the interesting part." "What do I need to do now?" Lou Baiyue asked.

"You don't need to do anything. Just observe the growth of the various protagonists, as well as their battles. Collect the knowledge of the multiverse and condense it into modules."

Gu Chensha said. "There are different levels of the Peerless Deathless Realm, and I've already begun to do so. One of the most important aspects of the Peerless Deathless Realm is the understanding of existence and non-existence. Being and non-being, non-being and non-being, non-being and non-being, non-being and non-being. These realms were definitely not easy to achieve.

To sum it up, the Undying Realm starts with Nothing, then the Nothing Realm, then the Nothing Realm, then the Nothing Realm, then the Nothing Realm, then the Nothing Realm, then the Nothing Realm, then the Nothing Realm, then the Nothing Realm. " "I understand the levels of this realm now."

Lou Baiyue said. "In this world, there are only a few people who have reached the Undying Deathless Realm. You, me, Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, as well as Mr. Nothing, Wu Xin, Wu Wei, Wu Xiang, and Zhou Yang, The Fourth.

As for that Wei Jia, he doesn't really count. He was only at the Undying Deathless Realm when he fused with the Central Plains Universe. After leaving the Central Plains Universe, he is still at the peak of the Heavenly Dao Realm. However, he will reach the Undying Deathless Realm sooner or later. " "From now on, there will be more and more people reaching the Undying Deathless Realm."

Gu Chensha said. "The next person to reach the Undying Deathless Realm should be one of us. The Martial Saint is also about to reach the next realm." The Martial Saint had gone to the Extreme Martial Universe in search of opportunities.

He had even manipulated the entire Extreme Martial Universe behind the scenes, thoroughly analyzing and reorganizing the essence of the Martial Dao. Borrowing the Origin Will of the Extreme Martial Universe, as well as the experiences of countless living beings regarding martial arts, he finally gathered them together and refined the Martial Dao, allowing himself to step into the Undying Deathless Realm at any time.

However, the fusion of the four realms had interrupted the Martial Saint's progress, causing his breakthrough to be stuck there.

However, the Martial Saint didn't feel discouraged. He chose to stay in the Old World and continue his martial arts research.

At this time, the Martial Saint was somewhere in the Old World. This place was the hinterland of the mountains. Deep in the hinterland was a mass of light formed by the Martial Dao's will, which was constantly twisting. A talisman appeared above the Martial Saint's head. Within the talisman, there were countless runes flowing like the eternal sands. If one were to magnify them by a trillion times, one would realize that these runes were the shape of a human, and this human was practicing various Martial Dao.

Every civilization had the existence of the Martial Dao. The Martial Dao wasn't just simple moves, attacks, or means of strengthening. It was the path that all civilizations took to evolve.

"Wherever there is civilization, there will be the Martial Dao." The Martial Saint had always maintained this philosophy. His Martial Dao encompassed all changes. Rumble!

The runes above his head were becoming more and more complete. Even the Old World couldn't stop his Martial Dao's derivation.

This talisman was the Martial Source formed by his Martial Dao's will, the true essence of Martial Dao, and the foundation of Martial Mystic Abilities.

"Formation successful. A Peerless Immortal Level Martial Talisman …" The Martial Saint opened his eyes and looked at the talisman above his head. He poured all his essence, qi, and spirit into it.

Immediately, the Peerless Immortal Level power started spreading out from the talisman and entering his body.

However, at this moment, his aura of ascending to the Peerless Immortal Level seemed to have attracted the attention of some great existence. Rumble!

Many lightning bolts appeared around him. These lightning bolts weren't real lightning bolts, but tribulations.

"As expected, when I ascended to the Peerless Immortal Level in the Old World, the Will of the Old World will send tribulations. This is the Heavenly Tribulation. However, I will destroy everything with my Martial Dao. Even the Old World will be destroyed by me." The Martial Saint stood up and clenched his fists.

The Martial Saint's huge body seemed to be able to support the entire world. He was like a pillar that supported the heavens. He punched out billions of times, and each punch shattered all the tribulations.

No matter what tribulations, what changes, what karma, what fate, what creation, what immortality, they were all shattered by his punches, unable to gather again.

"That's right, Martial Saint, the world will sink. The new will replace the old, and the tribulation will be complete. Take this …" Suddenly, all the tribulations stopped and were replaced by a person. That person was the Heavenly Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian's shadow. Gu Taxian stood in the air with his hands behind his back. As his aura pressed down, his fists also appeared. From the air to the real world, he turned the impossible into the possible, and the real into nothingness. The fists seized all creation, all life, all souls, and all things in the world.

"Good!"

Looking at the incoming fist, the Martial Sage showed no fear at all. In the depths of his heart, he was already eternally unmoving. He was not like Zhou Yang, Wei Jia, and the others, who used tricks to reach the Undying Realm. He was the true sovereign of the Martial Dao, who relied on his own strength to create a golden age for the Martial Dao.

The Martial Sage also unleashed a myriad of fist techniques, directly arriving in front of Gu Trampling the Immortal. The two forces clashed, and in an instant, the space here was completely destroyed.

The talisman above the Martial Sage's head was destroyed, transforming into a beam of light that flew off to who knows where. However, his body was still standing straight, not bending in the slightest. It was as if no power could crush his spine. After this punch, Gu Taxian's shadow also disappeared, as if the last tribulation was over. After the tribulation, Gu Chensha appeared.

He looked at the Martial Saint, "Congratulations, you've finally stepped into the Peerless Immortal Realm."

"It's a pity that the talisman that I painstakingly gathered was shattered in the tribulation. The remaining essence of the Martial Dao has flowed to who knows where." The Martial Saint sighed.

"This is the work of the will of the Old World. That talisman of yours is not to be underestimated. It contains some of the most fundamental things of the Martial Dao. Even if an ordinary person were to obtain it, they would be able to reach the heavens in a single step. It's much more powerful than the gourd that Fa Wuxian condensed back then. It all depends on who can obtain it. "

Gu Chensha said, "However, this is also an opportunity for you. The talisman landed in the hands of someone else, and that person must definitely have a great destiny. By observing the various experiences of using the talisman, you can raise yourself to the Peerless Immortal Realm." "You're right."

The Martial Saint instantly understood, "Existence is Non-Existence, Non-Existence is Existence. Existence and Non-Existence are interchangeable. I may have lost the talisman, but in reality, I've truly obtained the talisman. As long as I change some of the wills in my heart, I can make the will of the Old World's will fail." "The Old World's will won't fail."

Gu Chensha said, "At the very least, your talisman will land in the hands of one of the main character candidates, who will be able to quickly reach the Peerless Immortal Realm."

When the Martial Saint reached the Peerless Immortal Realm, the talisman he condensed was indeed much stronger than the number one Relic that Fa Wuxian transformed into, the Peerless Immortal Realm Devouring Gourd.

Even if an ordinary person obtained it, it wouldn't be difficult for them to reach the Peerless Immortal Realm.

It could be said that the talisman treasure of the Martial Saint was now the number one Relic Relic in the All-Heavens.

Even the Martial Saint himself didn't know who this Relic Relic would end up in, because he had already lost it in the tribulation. Even Gu Chensha didn't know who it would end up in.