Chapter 1117
============

Chapter 446: The System War Whoosh!

Gu Chensha left without hesitation after refining all the data he had collected from Wang Dong. He searched for his next target. Wang Dong's cultivation had stagnated after he became a Transcendent Immortal. He had no research value to Gu Chensha.

Of course, there were many others besides Wang Dong who had obtained the Fate Circulation System. They had great research value.

In the end, Wang Dong was just a Transcendent Immortal born in the Hard and Soft Universe. There were many other Transcendent Universes in the multiverse.

In the past, there were only four Transcendent Universes. The first was the Mother Nest Universe, the second was the Extreme Martial Universe, the third was the Arcane Universe, and the fourth was the Extreme Martial Universe. However, these four universes became the foundation of the old world.

Later on, Zhou Yang turned the Central Plains Universe into a Transcendent Universe. Wei Jia and the Fourth Gu Huasha took this universe and merged it with the old world.

However, things were different now. Time had changed, and a long time had passed. Super-colossal cosmoses were born one after another. Looking at it now, there were already dozens of super-colossal cosmoses in the entire multivariate universe, and the number was still increasing.

However, there were only three Transcendent Universes. They were the New World, the Old World, and the Old World. As this continued, there was a possibility that a fourth Transcendent Universe would be born. A fifth or sixth Transcendent Universe was not impossible. The times were progressing and developing. Nothing was impossible.

Gu Chensha opened up the power in the depths of people's hearts. Energy was no longer conserved. Everyone was a perpetual motion machine that could release endless power. The Pandora's Box was opened. No one could control the situation. Even Gu Chensha himself could not control it. Of course, he did it on purpose.

Gu Chensha arrived at a place called the Mystique Cosmos. This cosmos was also a super colossal cosmos. There used to be a tyrannical character in this cosmos called the Mystique Heavenly Emperor, who also obtained a supreme mystique system. But now, for some unknown reason, this person died while trying to break through to the Undying Realm, and this supreme mystique system found a new host.

This host was called Liang Xindao. This person was a young man. He was originally very ordinary, the most ordinary person. However, after he obtained the Supreme Mystic Ability System, he did not rise immediately. Instead, he remained ordinary and even resisted the Supreme Mystic Ability System.

Gu Chensha entered the Theurgy Universe. He had been observing for a long time. The Supreme Theurgy System was born naturally. After it was born, it found a host. That host was the Theurgy Emperor. However, the Theurgy Emperor was like Wang Dong. He wanted to break free from the system's control. Unfortunately, his strength and shrewdness were far from Wang Dong's. Thus, the moment he reached the Transcendent Immortal Realm, he was devoured by the system. After the system's power increased greatly, it began to look for another host.

Now, the fate of the entire Theurgy Universe was gathered on this youth called Liang Xindao after the fall of the Theurgy Emperor.

In a manor, Liang Xindao was wearing a gentleman's attire. He was leisurely drinking tea and chatting. The person he was chatting with was actually the system in his sea of consciousness.

In his sea of consciousness was a Supreme Theurgy System. This system was formed by runes. Each rune was a Theurgy Sea. It was as if countless Theurgy Theurgy Sea had formed a Theurgy Sea. Countless Theurgy Sea surged and formed this system.

This system was already a treasure of the Transcendent Immortal Realm. Unfortunately, it did not turn into a human. There were some shortcomings.

"System, I'm afraid it's not good for you to give me a mission now. I don't like to complete missions step by step. It's restricting me."

Liang Xindao smiled and said, "Also, my cultivation base hasn't matured yet. Even if you kill me because I can't complete the mission, you won't get anything. Besides, my fate energy is at its strongest right now. You might not succeed in killing me because I can sense that there are many other systems in this world besides you. If you kill me, the other systems will take advantage of it and I'll still be free and unfettered."

"Host, don't you want to shock the heavens and reach the Transcendent Immortal Realm? Obtain eternal life and enjoy the prosperity of the world?" At this moment, the Supreme Theurgy System in Liang Xindao's sea of consciousness spoke.

"Of course I do. Unfortunately, I won't be swayed by anything. Supreme Mystique System, we honest people don't do underhanded things. I know that you were the one who caused the death of the Mystique Great Emperor. You were the one who absorbed him. You chose a host and wanted to become a human. As the host's cultivation level increased, his fate energy and fate would gradually be absorbed by you. In the end, everything would turn into nothingness, and it would instead become you, System. You're now possessing my body and assisting me in my cultivation. Do you want to do it again?" At this moment, the Supreme Theurgy System in his body did not speak. It seemed to be silent.

"Supreme Theurgy System, either you kill me now or we work together. You assist me in my cultivation. In the future, it will be a win-win situation. When I reach the Transcendent Immortal Realm, I will find a way to turn you into a human. It's up to you." After saying that, Liang Xindao waited for the system to reply.

"Host, the system will not change."

At this moment, the Supreme Theurgy System in Liang Xindao's body spoke. "If host does not complete the mission issued by the system, you will be killed. The countdown begins now. " The Supreme Theurgy System would not compromise at all.

At this moment, Liang Xindao laughed coldly. "Since that's the case, Supreme Theurgy System of All, come out." Whoosh!

At this moment, another system appeared in the void outside of Liang Xindao's body. This system directly tunneled into his body. Within his sea of consciousness, it turned into another chain and sealed up this unparalleled mystic skill system.

"Supreme Theurgy System of All?"

At this moment, the Supreme Theurgy System was surprised. However, it soon laughed malevolently. "Host, do you think that you can deal with me by working together with this system? You're just going to deliver food to me. In the system, I'm the true king. " BOOM!

The Supreme Theurgy System exploded as a boundless flame mystique burst forth in Liang Xindao's sea of consciousness. It then began to devour the Supreme Theurgy System of All that had turned into chains.

The Supreme Theurgy System of All began to crumble bit by bit. It was no match for the Supreme Theurgy System at all. But at this moment, Liang Xindao called out again. "Gods of Heaven and Earth System, come out." BOOM! Another system appeared and tunneled into Liang Xindao's body.

Once again, a system made up of countless godly spirits appeared within Liang Xindao's body. These godly spirits were only the size of a speck of dust, but they were countless times stronger than actual gods.

"Another system?"

At this time, the Supreme Theurgy System laughed again. "That's even better. You small fries from the system actually dared to fight with me over this great host. I'll let you know that everything you've done is in vain. I'll suppress and devour you completely. Only then will I be able to show off my skills. "

As it spoke, the Supreme Theurgy System expanded once more, squirming non-stop as it suppressed the other two systems.

"It really is powerful."

Liang Xindao did not panic at all. Instead, he praised, "Not bad, not bad. As expected of the system that devoured the Theurgy Great Emperor. Back then, the Theurgy Great Emperor was so famous that he created our Theurgy Great Universe. This universe ascended because of the Theurgy Great Emperor. It's a pity that you devoured him and became the universe's enemy. The universe's will wants to deal with you. Of course, there are more than two systems now. Next, the Supreme and Unparalleled System, the Strongest Level Up System, the Universe Mutation System, the Invincible Strengthening System, the Light and Darkness Conversion System … come out." BOOM! Countless tremors exploded out as dozens of systems entered Liang Xindao's body.

Liang Xindao's body had become a hodgepodge. Dozens of systems had entered his body, and all of them possessed immense power. They gathered together and suppressed the Supreme Theurgy System.

"Why? Why have so many systems suddenly appeared? Do you all want to become enemies with me?"

The Supreme Theurgy System's entire body was trembling, and its attacks slowed down. Even though it had heaven-defying methods, it was still unable to deal with the combined attacks of so many systems. Weng … Countless systems' powers intertwined together and suppressed the Supreme Theurgy System.

No matter how the Unparalleled Mystique System tried to attack, it couldn't escape. In the end, it was suppressed to the point where it couldn't move. Then, all of the systems began to fight over the power of the Unparalleled Mystique System like dogs.

"All of you must die!"

Finally, the Supreme Theurgy System could not take it anymore. It felt that if it continued to be suppressed like this, it would be completely killed. As such, it started to fight with its life on the line. Boom!

Countless powers exploded out of its body and swept out in all directions. It was as if the universe had exploded, and countless destructive powers were unleashed in the depths of Liang Xindao's consciousness.

However, at that moment, Liang Xindao's body suddenly left this place. As the many systems and the Supreme Theurgy System fought against each other, they suffered a huge blow.

The Supreme Theurgy System's counterattack was extremely powerful. In an instant, when it fought back with its life on the line, many systems were instantly turned into dust. However, it was also heavily injured, and it was on the verge of collapsing. At that moment, Liang Xindao made his move. This was the effect that he wanted – to take in all of these systems.