Chapter 307
===========

"Reaching the Thirty Transformations of the Dao Realm is actually no different from a god," Shengong said.

"At the Thirty-Six Transformations of the Dao Realm, Embodiment Transformation can be called a Saint. However, at this level, it's basically impossible to improve, unless you encounter a great change in the world.

The two of us are only at the 31st and 32nd Transformations, so it's difficult for us to step into the Saint Realm. The three Celestial Venerables stood out during the great change of the world during the primordial era. They grasped the impossible opportunity and broke the mysteries of the world, leaping out of the Three Realms and achieving the impossible. "

"The Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, Li Wanlong, and the Black Heaven Earth Sect's sect master are all unparalleled overlords. Who knows how many fortuitous encounters they've had in their lives?

They also want to comprehend the supreme secret and jump out of the Three Realms, "Ghost Axe said in deep thought." Apart from that, that Wen Hong is also someone who can definitely become a Saint. "

"Although Fa Wuxian is a junior, he has been trained by the school of Legalism. In time, he'll probably be very difficult to deal with." "There are many geniuses in the world. I'm afraid we'll really fall behind in the next few decades."

"That's not necessarily so pessimistic. We're still standing at the peak. As long as we find some fortuitous encounters … we might be able to turn the situation around."

Ghostaxe and Godcraft, these two antiques, discussed with each other, their voices gradually becoming inaudible. The Black Heaven Earth Sect.

This was the strongest existence of the 72 Mysterious Gates of the Immortal Dao that had been passed down from the primordial era. After tens of thousands of years, there had been many geniuses.

Within the Mysterious Gate, there was an earth-shattering treasure, also known as the Black Heaven Earth Sect. It was rumored that this sect was formed naturally. It was a treasure born from chaos before the heavens and earth had been created. It was filled with endless mysteries.

With this sect suppressing fate, the Black Heaven Earth Sect had existed for an eternity, almost never falling.

At that moment, a middle-aged man sat on the steps in front of a huge stone door in the depths of the Black Heaven Earth Sect. He wore an azure robe, and even his beard was azure. His eyes were dignified, and he seemed to control everything. One look was enough to tell that he was the supreme sect master.

Within that gigantic stone door, boundless primal chaos energy flowed. Vaguely, one could make out a gigantic green dragon coiled within, breathing in and out vital energy. It was constantly changing as it absorbed the power of all sorts of dimensions and materialized many magical treasures.

In addition, there were many powerful divine generals and heavenly soldiers in the depths of the stone gate, busy with something.

Those divine generals and heavenly soldiers had extremely terrifying cultivation bases, each of them releasing a potential as vast as the mountains and as vast as the seas. How could the Black Heaven Earth Sect's tens of thousands of years of accumulation be child's play?

"Disciple greets Sect Leader."

Right at this moment, a young man walked in from outside. It was actually Jing Fanxing. When he arrived, he knelt on both knees and kowtowed deeply, performing the proper etiquette.

"Jing Fanxing, do you know your crimes?" The Sect Leader's voice was indistinct and unfathomable.

"This disciple knows his mistake." Jing Fanxing knelt down and kowtowed repeatedly.

"What crime have you committed?" the headmaster asked.

"Disciple was humiliated and captured alive by the Celestial Calmness Department, causing the sect to lose face. It's an extraordinary humiliation, and even death is unable to atone for my crimes." The hatred in Jing Fanxing's tone simply shot through the sky and covered the stars.

"It's good that you know. As an outstanding disciple of our sect, you have cultivated to the Golden Core of the Great Dao. You can be considered a core member of our sect. Our sect has been in charge of the Immortal Dao for tens of thousands of years. Now that this kind of humiliation has spread throughout the Immortal Dao, how can you still have the face to give orders?" The Sect Leader asked, "Let me ask you, how are you going to wash away this humiliation?" "Kill!

First kill the people of the Celestial Calmness Department, then kill the people of the Imperial Court, and then kill that Gu Taxian. "Jing Fanxing repeated the word 'kill' several times, his willpower unshakable.

"Only with such willpower can you be considered a disciple of the Black Heaven Earth Sect. However, given your current level of cultivation, going to the Celestial Calmness Department is just suicide. Do you know the latest news about the Celestial Calmness Department? "asked the Sect Leader.

"The Celestial Calmness Department actually recruited the Lord of Seven Stars and helped him fuse with the profound mysteries of the seven stars. Even the Sect Leader intervened …" Jing Fanxing was someone who had reached the Golden Core of the Great Dao, and was considered an outstanding talent in the Immortal Dao. He knew much more than ordinary cultivators. When he mentioned the Lord of Seven Stars, his expression was filled with dread.

"Are you afraid?" asked the Sect Leader, taking in Jing Fanxing's emotions.

"Disciple isn't afraid." Jing Fanxing's hatred surged once more.

"Very good." The Sect Leader nodded. "Your potential isn't limited to just this. You are an unparalleled genius.

Logically speaking, mid-grade talent can become a grandmaster of martial arts, while high-grade talent can reach the Fifth Dao Transformation.

Geniuses can reach the Golden Core of the Great Dao at most. Unparalleled geniuses can reach the Twenty-Seventh Transformation. If you can use all of your potential and cultivate painstakingly for hundreds of years, you can reach the Twentieth Transformation. At that point, you aren't far from being a god. At that point, it won't be difficult for you to cause chaos. Right now, your cultivation base at the Eighteenth Transformation is just child's play. " "Disciple is willing to cultivate painstakingly," said Jing Fanxing hurriedly.

"Very well. Azure Dragon!" shouted the Sect Leader.

The enormous Azure Dragon poked its head out of the ancient stone door and stared coldly at Jing Fanxing.

Then it opened its mouth, and in the blink of an eye, countless talismans entered Jing Fanxing's body.

Jing Fanxing's sea of consciousness and dantian rapidly expanded. Crackling sounds could be heard throughout his body as he underwent yet another transformation.

"This is a Wood Emperor Divine Talisman that the Azure Dragon spent thousands of years refining. It can help you increase your cultivation base.

After you absorb it, enter the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth to cultivate. The Black Gate of Heaven and Earth has the power to twist space and time. One day of cultivation is equivalent to several years of cultivation.

But you must remember that even if you cultivate the Golden Core of the Great Dao, you only have 1,000 years of lifespan. You can't cultivate for too long in the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth, otherwise, your lifespan will run out and no one will be able to save you. "The Sect Leader knew about the drawbacks.

"Yes!" Jing Fanxing was delighted deep down.

"After you come out, your cultivation will reach the 21st Transformation of the Dao Realm and your body will transform into the Five Elements. At that time, you will be able to do many things. But the most important thing for you now isn't to deal with the Calm Celestial Department but to get something from Wu Dangkong." The Sect Leader spoke.

"Sect Leader, please instruct me." Jing Fanxing didn't dare to get up and continued to kneel.

"Wu Dangkong seems to have obtained a supreme treasure. Bring it here." The Sect Leader said.

"Yes!" Jing Fanxing didn't dare to ask more. The Sect Leader waved his hand and teleported Jing Fanxing into the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth.

The giant Azure Dragon's head didn't shrink back. Instead, it let out a buzzing sound, "If my guess is correct, that Wu Dangkong should have obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. This is the will of the heavens. If you want to take the talisman over, you will probably suffer the backlash of the Heavenly Dao."

"Azure Dragon, you are confused. Now that the Heavenly Dao is suppressed by Gu Taxian, there are variables. We can steal some things. The Heaven Sacrificial Talisman is the key to peek into the supreme Heavenly Dao. If we obtain it, we don't need to sacrifice it. I have a way to use it to help me break through and become an existence that surpasses the three Celestial Venerables." The Sect Leader spoke softly.

"Compared to the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, I want the Gou Chen Will in the Book of Heavenly Demon."

The Azure Dragon shrank his head back. "Although this Jing Fanxing is an unparalleled genius, his eyes are blinded by hatred. His achievements won't be too high. Do we really need to waste resources to nurture him?"

"He's just a pawn," the Sect Leader said. "Only a pawn like him can get close to Wu Dangkong and learn his secrets. Given our statuses, are we really going to rob him?

The Sect Leader continued, "Gu Taxian used a talisman to completely nullify our attacks, allowing the Lord of Seven Stars to ascend. From now on, those juniors will be able to turn heaven and earth upside down." "Should we deal with those juniors?" The Azure Dragon's voice came from the door.

"No need. We need someone else to make the first move. For example, Li Wanlong or the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor. If we make a move on the juniors, we'll provoke the seniors. It's not a wise move," the Sect Leader said. "However, that magical treasure of theirs is quite miraculous.

"The Book of Heavenly Demon, the Buzhou Palace, the Dragonization Pagoda, and countless other treasures combine to form a magical treasure.

The Azure Dragon let out a buzzing sound, "In the battle of the Primordial Era, the Heavenly Sect of Heaven and Earth has damaged some fundamental things. If you can obtain that magic treasure as compensation, you can recover to your peak state. At that time, you can also suppress the Profound Sect of the Universe."

"The Profound Gate of the Universe!" The Sect Leader's eyes flickered with killing intent and coldness. Within Gu Chensha's fiefdom. In the guest hall.

The entire guest hall had been constructed from special materials. It constantly glowed with starlight. Every inch of the ground and every inch of the walls was as exquisite as jade. It was as if a vast starry sky was sealed within the jade.

In truth, the ground within fifty kilometers of Gu Chensha's castle had been transformed into this kind of starry jade.

This was the result of the birth of the Lord of Seven Stars. Countless stars had descended to refine the earth and walls.

Star Jade was extremely precious among jade stones. It required an extremely high quality jade stone that, over billions of years, would constantly absorb the power of the stars and nurture meridians within it. Only then could the image of a vast starry sky be formed within it.

In the immortal dao, a thumb-sized piece of starry jade could be exchanged for over a hundred Spirit-Cleansing Pills.

The Spirit-Cleansing Pill was a medicinal pill concocted by the Profound Gate of Heaven and Earth. It was refined using the essence of spirit herbs and spiritual energy. Just one pill could quickly restore one's Xiantian astral energy. In the immortal dao, it was practically a hard currency.

Gu Chensha had stolen quite a few Spirit-Cleansing Pills from the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple. They were still stored in the storehouse.

"This place has truly become a holy land."

Marquis Calming Sea sipped his tea, then turned to Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and Zhuge Ya. "The Lord of Seven Stars has appeared out of nowhere. It seems that the rise of the Celestial Pacification Department is unstoppable. This is a blessing for the empire, and a blessing for the common people."

"Marquis, you flatter me," said Zhuge Ya, cupping his hands. "This time, it was all thanks to the emperor's strength, as well as the strength and karmic luck of the princes and princesses. In the future, I will definitely spare no effort until my death. "