Chapter 552
===========

"Alliance Chief, you mean to say that Lord The Great Spirit God can defeat the Xingqiong Clan?" Gu Chensha seemed to have heard some news from Gu Tanjian.

"There's no harm in telling you these secrets. The Great Spirit God has already fused with the Voodoo Ancestor and is entangled in the void. The Great Spirit God will soon be able to devour the Voodoo Ancestor. At that time, his strength will not be much different from the Xingqiong Clan's Ninety-Nine Divine Lands. It's just inferior to the Xingqiong Clan's Ninety-Nine Divine Lands. "

Gu Tanjian revealed this secret. "Moreover, the Great Spirit God has already accepted the ancient witch race's orthodoxy. I'm afraid he will be one step ahead of the three Heavenly Venerables in forming a Great Thousand World." "Forming a Great Thousand World?"

Gu Chensha sucked in a breath of cold air. "That's impossible. The ancient supreme Buddha did many things, but he still couldn't form a Great Thousand World. The three Heavenly Venerables have been operating since ancient times, and they are also very far away from the Great Thousand World. Is the Great Spirit God really that powerful? "

"The Great Spirit God is indeed that powerful. He is an existence that broke free from the Heavenly Talisman Thearch's seal. Even the Maha God is still sealed." Gu Tanjian said, "He has grasped some kind of secret of heaven and earth."

"However, this doesn't seem to be a good thing for Alliance Chief," Gu Chensha whispered. "The stronger this person's cultivation is, the more dangerous it will be for Alliance Chief."

"There are good and bad things. The good thing is that when he devours the Voodoo Ancestor and the bone plate, he will be at his weakest. I will be able to break free from his control.

However, I'm afraid I won't be able to do so with my own strength. "Gu Tanjian said," So, I need to contact the Immortal Lord. "

"Leave this matter to me." Gu Chensha said, "However, the most important thing now is to deal with Wu Dangkong.

After Wu Dangkong gains power, our days will probably be even more difficult than when the Celestial Calmness Bureau was still around.

Although the Celestial Calmness Bureau is strict, they still follow the rules. but after Wu Dangkong gains power, those who submit will prosper, and those who oppose will perish. I've already been targeted by her. "

"Wu Dangkong," said Gu Tanjian, "let her be arrogant for now. The world is changing, and her Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman will also change. For now, we will follow her wishes. As soon as there's a problem with the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, we will immediately suppress her."

"What if there's nothing wrong with the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman?" Gu Chensha said, "Alliance Leader, I think we should prepare for both scenarios." "What preparation?" Gu Tanjian's interest was piqued.

"Right now, Alliance Leader, there are two things that you want to do. First, you want to break free from The Great Spirit God's control. Second, you want to obtain benefits from The Great Spirit God. Second, you want to seize the Sacrificial Talisman from Wu Dangkong and ascend to the throne." Gu Chensha said, "I have a plan for both of these." "Say it." Gu Chensha's two points hit the bottom of Gu Tanjian's heart.

"Use the Calming Immortal Department."

Gu Chensha said, "Many people in the Calming Immortal Department have a deep hatred for The Great Spirit God. As long as Alliance Leader secretly contacts the Calming Immortal Department, you will be able to obtain sufficient support." "You've sided with the Calming Immortal Department?"

Gu Tanjian stood up abruptly and looked at "Wudang Xing". "If you hadn't sided with the Calming Immortal Department, would you have said such a thing?" "Hehe."

Gu Chensha didn't seem to care. "As long as there are benefits, I can side with even my enemies, let alone the Calming Immortal Department.

Now that the Wu Clan can no longer tolerate me, it's not a big deal for me to side with the Calming Immortal Department. If the Calming Immortal Department can give me benefits, I will do things for them. " "Aren't you afraid that I'll kill you for saying this?" Gu Tanjian's killing intent surged.

"I'm someone who prioritizes benefits. I can side with anyone. I can side with Martial Emperor, Wu Dangkong, Alliance Leader, the Immortal Lord, or even the Calming Immortal Department. It's meaningless for you to kill me."

Gu Chensha seemed to have grasped Gu Tanjian's thoughts. "Alliance Leader, do you really think that you can annihilate the Calming Immortal Department this time?

Think about it, the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor has arranged so many methods. Not long ago, Xing Qiongshi activated the Divine Prefecture's hundred-layered secret art and was easily suppressed. When the devil calamity breaks out, can it really do anything to the Yongchō? " Hearing this, Gu Tanjian's expression changed.

"Working with the Calming Immortal Department and obtaining benefits from both sides is the right path."

Gu Chensha continued, "Moreover, the Calming Immortal Department has already roped in Wen Hong, the Cosmos Profound Gate, Taiyi Profound Gate, and even Tai Xuandu's son has become Zhuge Ya's disciple. If something happens to the Calming Immortal Department, won't Tai Xuandu help?"

"Although Tai Xuandu, Chang Weiyang, and Wen Hong are powerful, they can't withstand a single blow from the devil calamity.

If they want to stop a chariot like mantises, "Gu Tanjian said," However, the problem left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor is truly a huge problem. " "Perhaps the Calming Immortal Department has already planned to catch them all in one fell swoop."

Gu Chensha started to persuade, "I'm also betting on both sides. I don't dare to bet my life on Wu Dangkong.

Alliance Leader, you have to think twice before you act. Moreover, if you get in touch with the Calming Immortal Department, you can find out their secrets. In any case, you won't lose anything. " "But I also have a grudge against the Calming Immortal Department." Gu Tanjian frowned.

"That's not a problem. You can leave it to me to handle."

Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "This subordinate is in charge of contacting the Calming Immortal Department. More importantly, Alliance Leader has enough bargaining chips, and that is the Great Spirit God. Some information about the Great Spirit God can be exchanged for many good things."

"It looks like you've already passed on the matter of the seven-day general attack to the Calming Immortal Department? Is the Calming Immortal Department prepared now? "Gu Tanjian's eyes flickered with uncertainty.

"Of course. As long as there are benefits, I can sell anything."

Gu Chensha's portrayal of the cunning Wudang Xing was flawless. Even Gu Tanjian couldn't find any flaws.

"What benefits did you obtain?" Gu Tanjian asked.

"Are the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise bloodlines considered benefits?" Gu Chensha circulated his transcendence energy slightly, revealing the surging and tyrannical power of his bloodline.

"These benefits are huge." Gu Tanjian seemed to be tempted. "However, if I betray the Great Spirit God, I'm afraid that my fate will be bleak." "That's not necessarily the case."

Gu Chensha shook his head. "An existence like the Great Spirit God probably prioritizes benefits. As long as the Alliance Leader shows enough value, you won't be harmed by the Great Spirit God.

The Great Spirit God has spent so much effort on the Alliance Leader. How could he give up so easily? " "What are you planning?" Gu Tanjian didn't seem to believe Gu Chensha.

"Alliance Leader, there's actually a huge benefit to contacting the Celestial Calmness Department."

Gu Chensha threw out some heavy bait. "As far as I know, the Celestial Calmness Department has already mastered the method to awaken the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline. Look at that Gu Chensha. He became an innate sage long ago, and his talent is probably on par with the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya. As for Lou Baiyue and Gu Huasha, they've also become innate sages. Alliance Leader, have you not researched them?"

"I knew about this the moment you reminded me." Gu Tanjian seemed to be convinced by Gu Chensha's words. "It can actually awaken the Gu Clan's bloodline!

I have to master this method. It's my greatest trump card, and it's the foundation I need to be undefeatable in the future.

Although I'm an innate sage now, my foundation is still unstable. If I can awaken the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline, I can cultivate some of the Voodoo Ancestor's secret arts. " "That's right."

Gu Chensha smiled. "I've already contacted the league-lord on behalf of the Celestial Calmness Department. I can ask them for more benefits, such as the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and the Dragon Creation Heart Sutra."

"Those two heart sutras are truly marvelous. Although the Great Spirit God acquired the Holy Dragon Qi, the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra, and the Dragon Creation Heart Sutra, he didn't acquire the heart sutra. Otherwise, I wouldn't be at my current cultivation base." Gu Tanjian was filled with regret.

He had plenty of Dragon Nurturing Pills and Dragon Creation Heart Sutra, but the latent changes to his talent weren't very stable. They were far inferior to the latent talent he gained through bitter cultivation.

Furthermore, the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and Dragon Creation Heart Sutra were unparalleled in combat.

The Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra had 129,600 stances of the Dragon Nurturing Fist, including palm, finger, leg, claw, saber, spear, sword, halberd, and more.

When Emperor Wu acquired the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra, he established an enormous foundation and unified the divine continent.

If Gu Tanjian obtained these two heart sutras, he could use them together with the Dragon Nurturing Pill and the Dragon Creation Heart Sutra to raise his cultivation base to a terrifying level. Not to mention, he still had the Holy Dragon Qi.

"Then what does the Celestial Calmness Department think?"

Gu Tanjian asked, "Wudang Xing, I didn't expect you to betray us, but that doesn't matter. As long as there are benefits, even if we are mortal enemies, we can still cooperate. From what I see, does the Celestial Calmness Department want to turn an enemy into a friend? " "Turning an enemy into a friend should be impossible."

Gu Chensha said, "Actually, the people from the Celestial Calmness Department are also very ruthless. As long as they have the chance, they will definitely kill the Alliance Lord, the Crown Prince, and Wu Dangkong. However, for the time being, they want to have an easy time and are very willing to cooperate with the Alliance Lord."

"That's fine as well. I can cooperate with the Celestial Calmness Department in secret, but what benefits can the Celestial Calmness Department give me?" Gu Tanjian asked. "I'm discussing this matter with you, and I want to hear your opinion."

"In my opinion, the Alliance Lord should make an exchange of benefits with the Celestial Calmness Department. First, the Alliance Lord has to take out sufficient treasures and exchange them for the method to awaken the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline. On top of that, the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra, the Dragon Creation Heart Sutra, and the bloodline of the four sacred beasts must be obtained."

Gu Chensha continued, "Second, the Alliance Lord can leak the news to Wu Dangkong of the Celestial Calmness Department, and let the Celestial Calmness Department clash with Wu Dangkong." "The idea of awakening the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline is no small matter."

Gu Tanjian frowned. "I'm afraid the Celestial Calmness Department won't take it out easily. Other than that, the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and Dragon Creation Heart Sutra are the foundation of the Celestial Calmness Department. They rely on them to rope in the commoners and officials of the world. How can they give them to me so easily?" "Hence, we'll have to see what the Alliance Lord can take out."

Gu Chensha wanted to swindle more treasures from Gu Tanjian. "In any case, if the Alliance Lord wants to break free from the restraints of the Celestial Calmness Department and stand out from the crowd, doing all sorts of things, the Alliance Lord has to awaken the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline." "I'm aware of this matter. Allow me some time to consider it." Gu Tanjian sank into contemplation.

"There's no time to lose. Alliance Lord, please make your decision soon."

Gu Chensha hurriedly added, "If the devil calamity erupts seven days later, I'm afraid this transaction will not be able to be completed."