Chapter 941
===========

Everyone Is Searching Chapter 938: Searching

"One hundred and fifty stars were devoured by Zhuge Ya, and his strength has already reached the realm of over one hundred yuan. But now, it seems that the stars in the sky have condensed again. All 129,600 stars are in their respective positions in the sky of the Human Realm.

It makes sense, the Emperor Of Heaven can even reforge the heavenly court, so creating stars should be a piece of cake for him. The human world is so big, and there are so many living beings. As long as a small part of them worship the Emperor Of Heaven, he can extract a lot of immortal essence from them. "

Gu Chensha looked at the sun, moon, stars, and the new heavenly court. He could immediately see what the Emperor Of Heaven was thinking.

It was obvious that the Emperor Of Heaven hasn't obtained the origin that was a hundred times stronger than Long Xiang Tian. If he did, the new heavenly court would've already formed.

Long Xiangtian was extremely powerful. He had obtained the mutated origin of the Heavenly Talisman Monarch and the Heavenly Dao. After that, he devoured the mutated origin of Gu Tiansha, the origin of the Sun-Moon Lord, and the sun of the Heaven Realm. The sun of the Heaven Realm had the power of hundreds, or even thousands of worlds. It was just that Long Xiang Tian couldn't use it.

But as Long Xiang Tian cultivated, he built a world called the Soaring Dragon Celestial World. He collected the faith of all living beings and refined the immortal essence.

But he had the least advantage. He couldn't create a great civilization like the Dragonless Heart Sutra.

The Dragonless Heart Sutra was no longer classified as a martial art, nor was it classified as a Daoist technique, nor was it a cultivation technique. It was a kind of civilization, a civilization that surpassed the civilization of science and technology and the civilization of the Immortal Dao to a higher level.

Even so, if Long Xiang Tian were to unleash his full strength, it would be at least a thousand yuan or even a few thousand yuan. However, the Variant Origin that fell from the sky was at least a hundred times stronger than Long Xiang Tian. From this, it could be seen how powerful the Variant Origin was. Whoever could obtain it would give Gu Chensha and the Emperor Of Heaven a headache.

If Gu Chensha could obtain it, he would be able to expand the Everlasting World once again, pushing his cultivation to the extreme, breaking through a limit and reaching another level. At that time, the Celestial Emperor would fall into an absolute disadvantage.

And if the Emperor Of Heaven obtained it, he could suppress Gu Chensha and put Gu Chensha in an absolute disadvantage.

Everyone wanted to get their hands on this mutated origin. Gu Chensha knew that many of Heaven Sovereign's subordinates also wanted to get their hands on it. However, since the day the human realm was formed, the mutated origin had fallen into the human realm and completely disappeared without a trace. Even now, with Gu Chensha's cultivation of crossing the Heaven Realm and observing the human realm, he still could not find the slightest trace of the mutated origin. If Gu Chensha couldn't find it, then the Emperor Of Heaven naturally couldn't find it.

However, it was clear that the Variant Origin also contained the will of the Ancient Immortal Treading and the Heavenly Dao. When the two were combined, it had the power to hide everything. If it wanted to hide, it would naturally be impossible for anyone to find it.

Although Gu Chensha's power was strong and his realm was incomparably profound, he still couldn't completely surpass the Heavenly Way and Gu Taxian.

Fortunately, after entering the human world, he could rely on the increasingly profound Dragonless Heart Sutra to catch some clues about the origin.

In the Eternal Realm, more and more people cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra. Their comprehensions and experiences gathered together was also a huge fortune. It allowed Gu Chensha to gather the wisdom of all living beings, allowing him to deduce the Dragonless Heart Sutra to an endless state. With every breath, Gu Chensha's power was improving.

"Who was the one who obtained the Mutated Origin?

According to my calculations, this origin should have been obtained by someone, or hidden in some secret place. No one would have thought of it. "

Gu Chensha's heart was spinning anxiously, "Although I don't lack this part of the origin, I can't let the Emperor Of Heaven get it. Such a big origin can't descend many times in the future."

As Gu Chensha calculated, he entered the deepest level of observation. In the depths of his will, he saw between the heaven and earth, the place where the Heavenly Way and Gu Taxian were entangled. It was an indescribable place. In the entanglement between the Heavenly Way and Gu Taxian, the two gradually fused together, turning into a huge and wriggling supreme matter. This matter was the origin of the origin of the variation. And the origin of the variation was constantly descending, divided into many small balls. There were even bigger splits forming, about to separate from the main body and descend.

Gu Chensha seemed to see the largest ball, which contained the highest essence of Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Way. It was almost ten thousand times, maybe even a hundred million times, the origin of the Dragon Soars the Sky was also descending.

If this origin of the variation was obtained by someone, they would be able to obtain 90% of the cultivation of Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Way.

However, there was no living creature in the world that could withstand this origin of the variation.

In the near future, Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Way would completely collapse, and this origin of the variation would scatter in the human world. At that time, the person who obtained this origin of the variation would be considered a true fortuitous encounter.

"Apart from the Dragon Soars the Sky which was a hundred times the size of the variation, there are many smaller origin of the variation that fell into the human world. Some of them should have appeared." Gu Chensha's divine will swept through the entire capital, silently penetrating it, and once again found many clues.

The current dynasty in the center of the human world was called "Hong", and the first emperor was Zhang Ziran.

Outside of the "Hong" dynasty, there were "Meng", "Hu", "Ni", "Zheng", "Xuan", "Yuan" … and many other dynasties.

Because the human world was too big, even with Zhang Ziran's strength, it was impossible to unify and control everything. As a result, in many places in the human world, there were naturally some ambitious people who took the opportunity to establish dynasties and countries. For example, some Saints, Heavenly Venerables, and even Heavenly Longevity Realm experts who were originally unable to display their strength in the Yongchō. The reason why they left the Yongchō, besides feeling that the Dragonless Sutra was difficult to cultivate, was because they felt that they could not obtain the power of worship.

Therefore, these Saints, Heavenly Venerables, and Heavenly Longevity Realm experts all came to the human world, spreading the creatures in their original world, establishing countries, and even sects and beliefs. In the blink of an eye, the human world became incomparably complicated. Many of the dynasties in the human world came to be in this way.

The four or five Heavenly Venerables that Gu Chensha observed were also in the same situation. They established their own dynasties, and at the same time, came here to find the variation origin.

After observing for a while, Gu Chensha did not find anything new, so his body moved, and he landed in the palace at the center of the Hong dynasty. He went to see what Zhang Ziran wanted to do.

In addition to being the emperor of the Hong dynasty, Zhang Ziran had an even more important identity, which was the master of the human world. Now that the human world had condensed into a physical form, the power of the human world was getting stronger and stronger, and Zhang Ziran's power was getting stronger and stronger. Whoosh! Gu Chensha had already locked onto Zhang Ziran's aura. In a study, Zhang Ziran was discussing with a few people. Those people were impressively Dharma Saint, Jing Qiu, Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, and the others.

At this moment, Zhang Ziran looked like a teenager, but his aura was deep and indiscernible, like he had entered some sort of eternal realm.

"Dharma Saint, now that the human world is complete, there are many spaces and continents, it is even bigger than the Heaven Realm. In the past, the Heaven Realm compared to the human world was like a sesame seed compared to a watermelon. Such a huge human world is now filled with many powerful people, and many experts have set up countries. In truth, there is no order at all.

At this time, Dharma Saint, it is time for you to make new laws and establish order. "Zhang Ziran said.

"Master of the human world."

The Warlock Saint said, "Originally, the order in the human world was settled. Those who are above the 20th Transformation of the Dao Realm have mastered the Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence. Their bodies will turn into magic power and they will have to enter the Celestial World. There, they will have to accept the rules of the Celestial World. But now, there are experts everywhere in the human world. Not to mention those above the 20th Transformation of the Dao Realm, there are even Sages, Celestial Venerables, Tianshou, and even Tianyuan. So, this matter needs to be settled early, otherwise, there will be endless problems. " "Then what do we do according to Dharma Saint's plan?" Jing Qiu said.

"I think the master of the human world needs to gather the power of the human world as soon as possible, so that all the experts can't stay. Because if the power of the human world is thick, one breath and one breath will cause one's body to be tainted with the five skandhas of the human world, karma, fate, and finally fall. Then those experts won't be able to stay. "

Dharma Saint said, "But, I also need to make a series of laws to help the Heaven Court manage it. Now that the Heaven Court wants to establish the Heaven Court, it needs large amounts of sacrifices to extract the undying substance.

So, the rules of the human world must be established, otherwise, the living beings in the human world will worship others and not the Emperor Of Heaven, which will cause chaos. "

"You're right, but the God World, Immortal World, and Underworld all need to help establish the human world."

Zhang Ziran said, "But, in order to completely stabilize the human world, we need to establish the Heaven Court. The most important thing now, I think, is to obtain the largest mutated source and offer it to the Emperor Of Heaven." "We've been looking for it for a long time, but we still haven't found it."

Jing Qiu said, but deep in his heart, he had other thoughts, "If I can find it, my strength will immediately be able to fight against the Emperor Of Heaven. In the future, I don't need to look at the Emperor Of Heaven's face, I can already see that the Emperor Of Heaven can't control the situation, there are dragons and snakes everywhere. Although I'm the Innocuous Heavenly King, I still need to look at the Emperor Of Heaven's face, this is not what I want."

"Long Xiangtian also entered the human world, he also wants to find the mutated source. If he obtains it, I'm afraid that he will become as difficult to deal with as Gu Chensha."

Gu Tanjian said, "This person is extremely arrogant, I'm afraid that he will be disadvantageous to us, we can't let him find the mutated source."

"I will personally kill Long Xiangtian." Zhang Ziran said, "He dares to escape, his crime is unforgivable."