Chapter 1017
============

Falling Behind

"You're right, Your Majesty. The merging of the two universes will result in a clash of ideals. In order to prevent the other from destroying us, we must work hard to understand the Dragonless Heart Sutra," Emperor Of Heaven said.

"Other than these two, what about the other forces?" Gu Chensha said, "How are you going to deal with them?

Other than that, you need to pay attention to something else. Soon, someone will break through to the Heavenly Dao Realm. " "Break through to the Heavenly Dao Realm?" Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Huasha were startled.

Both of them were at the eighth level of the Immortal Realm, but they had yet to step into the Heavenly Dao Realm. In other words, they were still in the Heavenly Realm.

In the entire Mortal Dimension and even the various spacetimes, their strength was only inferior to Gu Chensha. If one were to say who had the greatest hope of breaking through to the Heaven's Way, then it would definitely be these two. If Gu Chensha didn't appear, then the Mortal Dimension would definitely be the world of these two.

But now, Gu Chensha said that someone would break through to the Heavenly Dao Realm faster than them. Didn't that mean they were falling behind?

It was fine if Gu Chensha was riding on top of them, but now, there was someone else who was riding on top of them. This was intolerable.

"Actually, if I didn't imprison Fa Wuxian, he would've broken through to the Heavenly Dao Realm very soon."

Gu Chensha looked at Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Huasha, knowing what they were thinking, "The Fourth, are you unhappy?

You and Emperor Of Heaven are indeed the protagonists of an era, but it's not your era now. If you can't accept this reality, you'll fall behind even more. There's nothing you can do about it. " "Then what should we do now?" Emperor Of Heaven asked humbly.

"It's very simple. Give up all other thoughts and wholeheartedly help me manage the Human World. Let countless living beings comprehend the Dragonless Mantra. This way, your strength will be greatly improved, and advancing to the Heavenly Dao Realm won't be a difficult thing." Gu Chensha said, "Go ahead." "Your Majesty, we'll take our leave." The Fourth and the Emperor Of Heaven hurriedly left.

"Chensha, the Fourth and the Emperor Of Heaven are actually at the highest level in the entire universe, second only to you. However, they are unable to break through to the Heavenly Dao Realm. Who could be so powerful to actually surpass them?"

At this time, Lou Baiyue walked out. Her cultivation had also reached the edge, but it seemed that she was stuck at a bottleneck, unable to break through. Therefore, she knew very well how difficult it was to break through to the Heavenly Dao Realm.

"Walk the right path."

Gu Chensha stretched out his hand, and two huge universes appeared in front of him. These two universes, one righteous and the other evil, were the righteous universe and the evil universe formed by the Confucian Ancestor, the Ancestor of Justice and the others. These two universes began to combine under the influence of a huge force, and they rotated non-stop, which led to killings and disputes in these universes, just like the collision of righteous and evil.

The time of these two universes was extremely fast, and in the blink of an eye, hundreds and thousands of years had passed.

Among them, righteous and evil were entangled, killing each other, and there were also people who fused with each other, and men and women fell in love with each other. Who knew how many stories of separation and reunion were played out.

Gradually, in these two universes, countless fate energy was born, and among them, some people's fate energy was like shining stars, shining brightly in the universe.

These people's fate energy was full, and it came from the spirit and the depths of their hearts. It was pure spiritual power, and not a trace of external force was used.

"These people comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra in the midst of battle," Gu Chensha said. "Their cultivation levels might not be very high, but they were already self-sufficient, and could develop the power of the heart and soul, and advance step by step. Furthermore, they gave something to the entire world." "You mean to say that Heavenly Dao level people will be born from this universe?

But the righteous universe and the evil universe are indeed very big, and when the two collide and fuse, they can give birth to very strong existences, but to surpass the Emperor Of Heaven and the Fourth, it is still impossible. You must know that the Emperor Of Heaven and the Fourth have actually cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and they can also give birth to great power from the depths of their hearts. "Lou Baiyue said.

"It's not that simple."

Gu Chensha said. "In fact, after comprehending the Dragonless Heart Sutra, if you want to continue to progress, you must change your own way of thinking. In the past, our way of training was to constantly absorb energy from the outside world, and even use the power of sacrifice to refine immortality.

But as long as you comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra, you must immediately abandon this way of thinking. Training is no longer about absorbing, but about giving and offering. The reason why the Fourth and the Emperor Of Heaven could not progress is because they still have a fixed way of thinking, and did not give more to the world. The reason why my cultivation is above them is actually very simple, it is because I first spent a hundred years to pour my own power into the human world, and created countless fortuitous encounters, causing the human world's origin to expand, and then I spent another thousand years to once again offer my own power, pouring it into the human world. So my cultivation can reach the current realm. " "So that's how it is."

Lou Baiyue suddenly understood. "However, there are actually drawbacks. For example, you have created countless fortuitous encounters, but the recipients of these fortuitous encounters are not your people, and most of them are even going against you. Some even want to replace you, and want to kill you. This is equivalent to me offering myself to the world, but creating one ingrate after another. No one is willing to do that."

"So, the Emperor Of Heaven and the Fourth are unable to progress. Actually, there is no secret to my cultivation. If I can do it, then I can do it. If I can't, then I will never be able to break through that layer of mental barrier. If the Fourth and the Emperor Of Heaven are willing to pour their power into the human world, just like me, in these thousand years, if they wholeheartedly offer themselves to create, they would have long since broken through the Heavenly Dao Realm." Gu Chensha shook his head.

"Then I will start to pour my power into the human world's origin, causing it to expand, and giving birth to many fortuitous encounters. No matter who the recipient of the fortuitous encounter is, and whether or not they will oppose me, I will still do it."

Lou Baiyue said, "Actually, I have always had a psychological barrier. I am afraid that after creating a fortuitous encounter, if it is obtained by someone, it will be implicated by Karma, and then the guest will become the host, and the future will be incomparably miserable." "Indeed, there is a problem in this aspect."

Gu Chensha said, "For example, if you pour your power into the human world and give birth to a fortuitous encounter, and that fortuitous encounter is obtained by someone else, then that person will have a Karma connection with you. In the future, you will definitely be entangled with him. If you can't deal with this entanglement, then you will be killed and devoured by that person. I think this is also the reason why the Emperor Of Heaven and the Fourth don't dare to take such a risk. But they don't know that this will make them progress. They will constantly create powerful existences to resist them, and then they will eliminate the Karma and Karma. This is the driving force. Without this tempering, how can they progress?

Reaching this realm is actually very simple. The universe is like a pond, and you are the big fish in the pond. If you want to make progress, then what should you do?

Keep expanding the pond, and after the pond is enlarged, you will have more space to grow. But when you expand the pond, there will definitely be other fish that will share your achievements, which will become a threat to you. But you can't not expand the pond just because of this threat. " "That's the reason." At this time, Lou Baiyue completely understood why Gu Chensha did this.

Because the entire universe had seriously restricted his development and progress, so he was expanding the universe, and he was also calling all living beings to expand the universe. This was the true essence of the Dragonless Heart Technique. The true core of it. Woo woo woo ….

Lou Baiyue's body moved slightly, and immediately poured her power into the void. Immediately, she came in contact with the origin of the human world. Then, she poured all her power into the origin, and the entire origin began to become restless.

After a day and a night, suddenly, somewhere in the human world, the origin digested Lou Baiyue's input, and a fortuitous encounter was born. This fortuitous encounter landed on a certain continent, on a certain person's body.

As for Lou Baiyue, she did not feel any exhaustion from the injection of power. On the contrary, she felt that her cultivation was improving rapidly, and the power of her mind was becoming purer. Even her breathing seemed to be a lot smoother. It was as if she was originally living in a narrow cave, but now that the cave had expanded, there was more space for her to stretch out. Naturally, she lived a lot more comfortably. At this time, she realized how correct Gu Chensha's theory was.

Right now, she was no longer an absorber, but a pioneer. Heaven and Earth bound her, and she was the one who expanded the world. Every breath she took, every action she took, she was creating a new world, she was using her heart to change everything. Therefore, she kept pouring power into her body, and began a deep level of cultivation. Gu Chensha nodded. This principle was right there, but many people didn't understand it, and they didn't do it. Gu Chensha took the lead, and he did it in a big way, so he walked at the front.

He looked at the fusion of the righteous universe and the evil universe. After the two universes fused, they became extremely vast, and when the two universes fused, the power of the heaven kept surging, and then it seemed to overlap with someone. In other words, a heaven level expert was going to be born in this universe.

"Very good, the birth of the first heaven level expert is very significant."

Gu Chensha nodded, "Even the Emperor Of Heaven and The Fourth can't reach the heaven level. If because of my policy, that person can reach the heaven level, then everyone will follow my policy. The Human Realm will expand to an extremely large extent. " As he spoke, he directly entered the huge universe.