Chapter 104
===========

The underground palace was inlaid with pearls and jade, and spiritual energy surged. It was as if all the spiritual energy in the mountains and seas had been gathered here. The air was fresh, without the slightest bit of dampness or mold. Instead, it was full of vitality.

The underground palace extended in all directions, as if it went deep into the sea. Who knew what kind of uncanny craftsmanship had been used to build such a huge underground palace at the bottom of the sea.

However, Gu Chensha was in no mood to admire the beautiful scenery. He lurked quietly and cautiously.

He could already tell that the layout of this underground palace was the 'Inescapable Net Trap'. This layout was a trap that created a labyrinth. Anyone who entered would be confused, and as time passed, their thoughts would be affected and they would turn into an idiot. Clearly, this layout was not used for cultivation, but to suppress something.

Recently, he had been studying and studying formations. He had gained a lot of insight into them, and he could learn them without a teacher.

Of course, this was something he had comprehended after taking the Seven Sages Heart Refinement Pill. It could not be considered self-taught, but the ancient human Seven Sages as his teachers.

Gu Chensha's greatest strength was that he was good at learning. Although he had no resources since he was young, he had been diligently studying, and he was still the same now.

"Although the Inescapable Net Trap is a maze, there are still traces to follow."

He slowly searched. There was no one here, and it was empty, but it made things a lot easier for him. "The thing suppressing it should be in the center."

He flickered left and right, floating in the air. His feet didn't touch the ground, and he didn't touch the walls. With the power of the Great Dragon Armor, he floated in the air like a ghost.

The Great Dragon Armor had swallowed a spirit crystal, and the spiritual energy within it was abundant. This maze was gradually analyzed by him, allowing him to walk freely without getting lost. Before long, he entered the central area.

"What is that?"

There was an altar in the central area. It was very ancient, and it was bronze. There was a wriggling mass of flesh on it. This mass of flesh was only the size of a fist, but as it wriggled, the sound of a surging sea of blood could be heard. And on the altar sat a person, breathing into the wriggling mass of flesh.

The altar was covered in dense runes, as well as jade chains that pierced through the lump of flesh and firmly nailed it to the altar. If it weren't for these runes sealing it, perhaps this lump of flesh and blood would have flown out and turned the entire mansion into a mountain of corpses and a sea of blood. The person sitting on the altar was the First Prince, Gu Hengsha.

He was wearing a blood-colored robe that was covered in magical symbols. It was clearly a powerful magical treasure that surpassed even the Great Dragon Armor, and emanated an ancient aura.

His complexion was like jade, sparkling and translucent. His entire person was like a jade sculpture, like a glazed jade that had been tempered thousands of times in raging flames, without the slightest flaw. This was the Glass Jade Body.

"Boss has also cultivated the Glass Jade Body!" Without thinking, Gu Chensha entered the space of the Sun Moon Altar with a thought.

Normally speaking, even with the Great Dragon Armor's concealment ability, there was no way he could hide from someone who had cultivated the Glass Jade Body. However, First Prince Gu Hengsha was completely focused on the wriggling mass of flesh and blood on the altar. Even if the sky were to collapse, he wouldn't care.

After cultivating the Glass Jade Body, one's flesh and blood were tempered by Samadhi True Fire, making it impervious to all evil. Add in some powerful magical treasures and spell formations, and you could suppress this little lump of flesh and blood left behind by the ancient Wretch-God. After all, the ancient Wretch-God had long since perished, and its true form had long since ceased to exist.

"You'll die a horrible death, Gu Hengsha!" Curses could be heard all around.

Only then did Gu Chensha realize that there were many prisons around the altar, each of which held a large number of people. These people had powerful blood and energy, and there were even Dao Realm experts among them. Most of them were martial arts masters.

"Don't tell me that Long Yuyun's relatives are among them?"

Gu Chensha took out the drawings from the Sun Moon Altar. These drawings were extremely life-like, and they were all of Long Yuyun's relatives. There were parents, a brother, and two sisters.

After walking around, he realized that in the west prison, there were two middle-aged men, a little boy, and two girls. They were exactly the same as in the drawings.

He was instantly shocked. Saving these five people meant that he had completely taken over the Dragon Sword Island's power. But now, it was almost impossible to save them in front of the Crown Prince Gu Hengsha. Gu Chensha could only wait patiently.

"You people from the Dragon Sword Island's royal family have the bloodline of the Sea God and the Dragon God. Although it is impossible to activate them, I can extract and purify them. With the divinity of the Sea God and the Dragon God, they can help me suppress the Wretch-God's flesh and blood." The Crown Prince Gu Hengsha grabbed with one hand.

Immediately, his Innate Gang Qi shot out from his body and shot into a prison. The Long family member who was cursing him in the prison immediately screamed in pain. All of his blood was sucked dry, and the blood fused into the Innate Gang Qi, causing the originally pure and flawless Innate Gang Qi to turn blood red.

The Crown Prince Gu Hengsha didn't care about killing this person directly. The Innate Gang Qi rubbed against each other, and a raging flame was ignited. The flame extracted the blood, but in the end, nothing was extracted.

"It's too thin. The bloodline of the Sea God and the Dragon God is getting thinner and thinner with each generation. Could it be that only Long Yuyun has received the most inheritance? Looks like I have to capture her back. "The Crown Prince Gu Hengsha shook his head.

Suddenly, the Wretch-God's flesh and blood wriggled again. Countless black gas rolled and spread out with it as the center.

Gu Hengsha hurriedly activated his Innate Gang Qi. The blood red rune robe on his body flickered continuously, preventing the flesh and blood from flying out.

There were talismans on the prison, preventing the black gas from invading. Otherwise, the people in the prison would have died long ago.

The Wretch-God's flesh and blood wriggled more and more intensely. The Crown Prince Gu Hengsha grabbed again when it was wriggling the most intensely. He sucked the blood of another person in the prison and dripped it into the Wretch-God's flesh and blood. The Wretch-God's flesh and blood immediately calmed down.

This was because the Dragon Sword Island's Long family had the divinity of the Sea God and the Dragon God in their bloodline. Although it was thin, it could still damage the will in the Wretch-God's flesh and blood.

The Dragon God and Sea God were the righteous gods, and they opposed the Wretch-God. Their divinity repelled each other. The so-called divinity was the Dao of gods, the righteousness that gods upheld. No matter if it was the righteous path or the evil path, it was still the Dao.

'So the reason Boss locked up the Dragon Sword Island's Long family was to extract the divinity in their blood and suppress the Wretch-God's flesh and blood. If this continues, he will be able to defeat the Wretch-God's will and melt the flesh and blood. If he succeeds, his cultivation base will probably rise by several realms.'

Gu Chensha observed for a long time and found some clues. 'Boss has cultivated the Glass Jade Body, but I wonder if he has cultivated the tenth transformation, the One Thousand Tasks at One Heart.

If this transformation makes his mind very strong, I won't be able to hide from him even with the Great Dragon Armor. But I don't believe he won't leave this place and stay here all day. ' He immediately hid in the Sun Moon Altar and didn't come out, observing from the outside.

Gu Hengsha circulated his demonic arts, breathing in and out repeatedly. The air around him swirled, and his aura was extremely strong. He trained hard all day without rest. Beside him were a few jars of medicinal pills, and he took one every other day. 'How hardworking.'

Gu Chensha was also comprehending the Sun Moon Dragon that he had just obtained in the Sun Moon Altar. He carefully pondered over the three moves, Sun Moon Refinement, Sun Moon Transformation, and Sun Moon Annihilation. He consolidated his foundation before starting to cultivate this move.

In order to speed up his cultivation, he used the Heavenly Dew while dipping his finger in the Dragonize Elixir in the Dragonize Pagoda. He drew runes all over his body, treating himself as a magical treasure to cultivate. Actually, this was also a body-tempering art of the Sun Moon Refinement. A large amount of Heavenly Dew was consumed.

His body was like a bottomless pit that could swallow anything. Energy spread to his limbs and bones, and it was bottomless.

The Sun Moon Dragon was extremely profound, and it required a large amount of spiritual energy. It wasn't something that ordinary Dao realm experts could compare to. For example, ordinary experts would need three days to absorb spiritual energy and turn it into a drop of spiritual liquid for their own consumption. But he would need at least a hundred drops in three days, or even more. As he cultivated, his blood shone with a powerful dragon might and the light of the sun and moon.

With the Dragon Transformation Elixir and Heavenly Dew, cultivating for a few days was equivalent to cultivating for a few years.

He cultivated here for a full five days and still hadn't found a chance. As for the Crown Prince, Gu Hengsha, he was still cultivating and basically didn't step out. He had to respect his boss's diligence. He was just a cultivation maniac.

But during these five days, Gu Chensha had benefited a lot. He had fully consolidated his cultivation and his strength had increased. Sun Moon Dragon Scales covered his body and they were all hidden under his skin. His comprehension of the Sun Moon Refinement, Sun Moon Transformation, Sun Moon Slaughter, and Sun Moon Dragon became much deeper.

Of course, during this process, he was also refining the Great Dragon Armor and Demon Descending Blade.

After learning the Sun-Moon Dragon, the Sun-Moon Dragon blood in his body had gradually increased in density, and his refining methods had also improved. The Great Dragon Armor began to transform, and the aura of a king was born within it. Soon, it was on the verge of evolving into the King Dragon Armor.

As he refined it, he gradually understood the characteristics of the Great Dragon Armor. Only then did he know why it had the ability to hide. It turned out that this armor had evolved using the Dragon Transformation Elixir. The Dragon Transformation Elixir was made from the bloodline of countless ancient beasts. One of them was called the Illusionary Snake. This snake was good at blending into the environment and it was impossible to discover it. It was a hundred times better than the chameleon at hiding itself. The Illusionary Snake King could even blend into the air. No one would be able to discover it.

After activating the bloodline of the Illusionary Snake King, it had the ability to hide. Compared to ordinary hiding talismans, it was much more exquisite. Moreover, under Gu Chensha's refinement, the ability to hide became stronger and stronger.

"What a pity!

If I could learn father's Great God Slaughtering Art and Great God Devouring Art, I would have a 50% chance of refining this flesh. "

Another 15 days passed. Gu Hengsha stood up and shook his clothes. He felt that he should go out and make some arrangements. After being suppressed by him for so many days, this lump of flesh seemed to be much more well-behaved.