Chapter 782
===========

The 779th palm strike slashed the giant spirit.

A fallen Saint was resurrected. At the sight of this, Taiyi Fantasy Sect's head, Tai Xuandu, and Heavenly Dance Fantasy Sect's head, Ji Qingwu, were both excited.

Taiyi Fantasy Sect had its ancestor, Heavenly Lord Taiyi. Although Heavenly Dance Fantasy Sect didn't have a Heavenly Lord, they had a founder. If all of them were resurrected, not only would their strength increase, but it would also increase their relationship.

"I didn't expect the Ancestor of Heaven and Earth to be resurrected. This era has really changed."

Chang Yuzhou said, "I come from the Profound Heaven and Earth Sect, and I even have the chance to seize the position of Sect Master. I know all the secrets of the Profound Heaven and Earth Sect, and I also know how frightening they are. The Heaven and Earth Ancestor himself is even more ancient than the Immortal Master and the ten thousand Immortal Masters. His scheme is also extremely huge. After so many years of planning, I'm afraid that the Profound Heaven and Earth Sect has already coveted the Eastern Wasteland's Heart. Once they succeed, they can inject the Eastern Wasteland's Heart into the Profound Heaven and Earth Sect, and the entire Eastern Wasteland will be under their control.

"I know all this. Mr. Chang Yuzhou, you've taught me countless secret methods of the Heavenly Heaven and Earth Sect."

Gu Chensha said, "The Ancestor of Heaven and Earth is very strange. There must be a conspiracy. Even if Gu Tiansha, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, tried to resurrect him, it wouldn't be that easy. Gu Tiansha had to unify countless sects in the East Wilderness and make them carry out sacrificial rituals. After a few years, he could resurrect the Ancestor of Heaven and Earth with this sacrificial power.

Otherwise, it would be impossible. It took me three months of sacrificial power to resurrect you, Mr. Chang Yuzhou. "

Chang Yuzhou was only at the peak of the Saint Realm. His Embodiment of Embodiment of Thirty-Six Transformations was far too weak compared to the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth. Therefore, resurrecting Chang Yuzhou did not require much power of worship. However, resurrecting the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth required even Gu Tiansha, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, to do so.

"That's indeed a mystery. From what I know, the Heaven and Earth Patriarch worked together with the Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong. With the help of Wu Dangkong's sacrificial talisman, the Heaven and Earth Patriarch was resurrected," Lou Baiyue said.

"That shouldn't be possible. Even if Wu Dangkong has the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, he definitely doesn't have the power to resurrect Patriarch Heaven and Earth. Think about it, even the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, had to unite the Eastern Wilderness' mystical sects and hold a sacrificial ceremony. Only after years of accumulation could he be resurrected. Who was Wu Dangkong?

If he's capable enough to revive the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth, he must be a shield for the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth. There must be a deeper reason behind his revival. "

Gu Chensha sneered. "But that's good. If that's the case, he must be hiding many things from the Dharma Saint, Wu Dangkong, Celestial Master, Wan Senshi, and the three Celestial Venerables. Then, their alliance will be unstable, and it'll be easy for something to happen. That gives me a chance. It's not just one or two alliances that I've broken.

Every alliance has a loophole. Since there is a loophole, I'll find it with my Heavenly Law and destroy it completely, causing the original alliance to turn against each other. "

"These big shots have formed an alliance, but they're still missing one person — The Great Spirit God."

Heavenly Venerate Martial Saint said, "From the looks of it now, the world has been divided into three major forces. The Master of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, our Tranquil Immortal Department, and the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth have formed an alliance. The The Great Spirit God is alone.

No matter how cunning he is and how high his cultivation base is, he's only at the Heavenly Longevity Realm. With King's current strength, you can completely suppress him. I think Chang Weiyang is probably trapped in the three Celestial Venerables' lair. There's the power of the Hong Meng Tree inside. I think King should use this opportunity to suppress The Great Spirit God, kill him, and refine him into the Divine Land Bottle Gourd. That way, you'll have more power. "

"That's right. The three Celestial Venerables have already formed an alliance with Celestial Master, Wan Senshi, and the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth. It might be a little troublesome to save my daughter now.

Even if I manage to save my daughter, I'm afraid that both sides will be heavily injured, and the Master of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, will gain the upper hand. "

At that moment, Chang Yuzhou also said, "We're currently in a vacuum of strength. The Patriarch of Heaven and Earth and the others are scheming against each other to refine the Endless Heart.

The Master of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, is recuperating from his injuries and recovering his strength. As for the The Great Spirit God, he's too cunning and harmed the Sorcerer Ancestor, so no one is willing to form an alliance with him anymore.

This is our chance. With King's strength, you can suppress The Great Spirit God and kill this scourge. "

"Speaking of which, there are priorities. Indeed, we need to kill and refine The Great Spirit God as soon as possible. Otherwise, when he's strong, I, the Master of the Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth, and the three Celestial Venerables, Celestial Master, Wan Senshi, and the others will fight to the death. If that happens, he'll come out to take advantage of us. Who knows, he might be the one laughing in the end." Gu Chensha's eyes shone with killing intent. To him, The Great Spirit God was still a hidden danger. Furthermore, he was alone. With Gu Chensha's current methods, he could refine The Great Spirit God.

If he could refine Xing Qiongshi, he would naturally be able to refine The Great Spirit God. Furthermore, after refining Xing Qiongshi into the Divine Continent Gourd, Gu Chensha's strength would increase even more. It was equivalent to the Sorcerer Ancestor that The Great Spirit God had devoured. The Sorcerer Ancestor was inferior to Xing Qiongshi.

Both the Sorcerer Ancestor and Xing Qiongshi were at the Heavenly Life Realm. In terms of strength, the Sorcerer Ancestor was inferior to Xing Qiongshi.

Therefore, after Gu Chensha cultivated the Divine Continent Gourd, he would definitely be able to suppress and kill The Great Spirit God.

"I have many things to do now. Exterminate the Devil Race, save Weiyang, kill Djinling, and search for the Dragon Gate and the Boundless Treasure. Other than that, I have to collect the Paramita Golden Mountain of the Buddhist Sect and fuse it into our Little Hongmeng Tree. I have to run all over the place. What is the most important thing to do? What can I do in the future? It looks like killing Djinling is the first priority.

At the end of the day, this God also has a grudge against me for killing my mother. I have to kill him. He has many secrets on him. After killing him, I can use the Divine Continent Gourd that Xing Qiongshi refined. "

Gu Chensha pondered for a moment. "At that time, my Divine Continent Gourd will be several times stronger. I won't have to worry about Xing Qiongshi causing trouble. Two Heavenly Longevity Realm heroic souls will be gathered within it. After being converted and worshipped by me, the power will be considerable."

"There's no time to lose. We can act now. With us overseeing the Little Hongmeng Tree, there will definitely be no mistakes. After all, we have so many Sages and Deities, as well as two Heavenly Venerables."

Lou Baiyue said, "I'm currently borrowing the energy of the Boundless Treasure to cultivate. My progress is extremely fast, especially after cultivating the Little Hongmeng Tree and converting it to Xiantian. In the future, I can also comprehend Divergents and become a Heavenly Venerable."

Lou Baiyue's cultivation speed was extremely fast. Naturally, it was also because of her talent and the resources of the Tranquil Immortal Department. The resources that the Tranquil Immortal Department obtained now surpassed even the three Heavenly Venerables. Moreover, she was destined to stand out from the masses. Otherwise, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor wouldn't regard her so highly. Right now, Lou Baiyue's true fate had yet to reveal itself, and her true fortuitous encounter had yet to arrive.

Gu Chensha always felt that there was something blurry that he didn't calculate clearly. The higher his cultivation base, the more he could sense that there was something mysterious in Lou Baiyue's fate. This was the reason why the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, Gu Taxian, was so fond of her.

"Xing Qiongshi is the King of Divergents. His research on the Dao of Divergents is extremely profound. Now that I've completely refined him, I've also completely understood what his Dao of Divergents is. In fact, in the future, I might even be able to concoct a heaven-defying Divergent Pill that's even more powerful than his."

Right now, Gu Chensha had yet to comprehend Divergents. If he did, his cultivation base would enter a whole new realm. But this was more or less the same. He just needed to perfect some of the details. It wasn't very difficult. As he cultivated his own secret art, breaking through the Dao of Divergents would be extremely easy.

In addition, his subordinates would also gradually comprehend Divergents. At that time, all of them would be Divergents.

If this was in the past, it would be impossible. But now that the Heavenly Dao was weakened, these impossible things could be done by Gu Chensha.

"Previously, I devoured The Great Spirit God's palm. Although I've already refined it, there are definitely some restrictions left behind by him."

Lou Baiyue said again, "This is self-defeating. This hidden danger will instead become a great opportunity for us to lock onto his residence.

However, my strength is still not enough to divine the location of the Giant Spirit God. That will have to be done by you, Chensha. "

"That's not a problem. With my strength, even the will of the Heavenly World can't suppress me, let alone The Great Spirit God.

In the past, The Great Spirit God seemed unfathomable. But now, in my eyes, he's only so-so. "Although Gu Chensha's tone was disdainful, he didn't really look down on The Great Spirit God.

Right now, in the entire Tranquil Immortal Division, the only things that could harm and suppress The Great Spirit God were his own Heavenly Dao Arts and the Divine Prefecture Gourd. Most importantly, it was one of the Divine Prefecture.

The biggest reason why Xing Qiongshi couldn't use the Divine Prefecture's power was because he wasn't the ruler of the Divine Prefecture. He didn't have the destiny to unify the Divine Prefecture, and secondly, his thinking was wrong.

Although Gu Chensha hadn't become the emperor yet, everyone knew that he was the greatest controller of the Tranquil Immortal Division. In reality, he was already the ruler of the Divine Prefecture. Thus, he was able to use the Divine Prefecture's power very smoothly.

"Divine!"

Gu Chensha opened his palm, and a wave of the Divine Prefecture's power appeared above Lou Baiyue's head.

This Divine Prefecture's power could evolve the past, the future, and everything. As it spun, an ancient aura seeped into Lou Baiyue's body.

Immediately, many of the restrictions in Lou Baiyue's body appeared. However, there was no sign of The Great Spirit God. It seemed that he really had been refined.

"You do have some tricks up your sleeve."

Gu Chensha sneered again. "The Great Spirit God once managed Xian Province, one of the ninety-nine prefectures of the Divine Prefecture. For ten thousand years, he permeated the land of Xian Province with his faith. Even now, he hasn't gotten rid of the poison, so he has some ways to deal with the Divine Prefecture's power. But to me, it's still useless."

(Important notice: Please use this site's free app. It has no ads, no errors, and updates quickly. Members are synchronized with the bookshelf. Please follow the official WeChat account. appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy) Download the free reader!