Chapter 976
===========

Banishment Chapter 973: Banishment Gu Chensha had a well-thought-out plan and was in control of everything.

The Fourth Gu Huasha had manipulated Zhang Ziran to rebel against the Heavenly Court. He wanted to worship the Nihility Ancestor, the Taoist Ancestor, the Human Ancestor, and himself, the Eternal Ancestor. It could be said that he had taken up a lot of fate.

Fate was of no use to Gu Chensha, but it was still useful to his subordinates, so he still had to observe and control it. Fate was the direction of the future. The future was ever-changing, and fate was constantly changing. No one could grasp it.

But to Gu Chensha, who had jumped out of the principle of fate and fate, it could be said that he no longer had any fate. Or rather, any fate could be controlled by him.

He came to the back of the palace and once again looked at the reincarnated Gu Daoxian, who was now the Nineteenth Prince. At this time, Concubine Yi was observing this son of hers. Suddenly, a group of eunuchs from the palace came to deliver a decree.

"The Human Ancestor's decree states that Concubine Yi has performed meritorious service in childbirth and will be made Empress. The Nineteenth Prince will be given the name Zhang Yiren!"

This decree was issued by Zhang Ziran. He no longer called him the Emperor, but the Human Ancestor. This was the beginning of the rebellion against the Heavenly Court.

Indeed, as soon as the decree was issued, a huge wave of fate and mortal power landed on Concubine Yi and the infant Zhang Yiren.

Concubine Yi was not much, but Zhang Yiren's body was strengthened by the fate, and immediately changed. His body started to grow, and he could already walk. He was like a five or six-year-old child. A new consciousness was born in Zhang Yiren's body.

"Not bad, not bad."

Gu Chensha sighed in praise. "As Zhang Yiren's fate gathers, a new consciousness is born. Once this consciousness gathers, it will gradually grow stronger. In the end, it will replace Gu Daoxian's consciousness, and it will even affect that terrifying consciousness, allowing me to understand some of the things contained within that terrifying consciousness.

This Zhang Yiren's future achievements will be extremely great. Of course, the prerequisite is that he can subdue the Ancient Dao Immortal's consciousness and terrifying will in his body. "

This Zhang Yi Ren was undoubtedly Gu Chensha's experimental subject. However, if something unexpected really happened, this person would most likely rise again and become a giant in the world, far surpassing Gu Daoxian.

However, Gu Chensha hoped to produce such a person. It did not matter even if he became enemies with him, because it was precisely because he needed a rich variety of experimental subjects that he could achieve the highest realm of the Dragonless Mantra. The Hongling Sand was one of his experimental products, and now there was another one, Zhang Yiren. Gu Chensha saw that Zhang Yi Ren was growing rapidly, so he nodded and left. He was going to find another person, the new Child of Destiny.

Zhang Ziran had betrayed the Heavenly Court and called himself the Human Ancestor. It was impossible for the Emperor Of Heaven to personally suppress him, so he would definitely nurture a brand new Child of Destiny. This Child of Destiny would rise and lead all living beings to kill Zhang Ziran. In this way, the Emperor Of Heaven would be able to extract even purer immortality from the struggles of all living beings, and thus advance. This was also a method to refine the human heart.

Therefore, Zhang Ziran's betrayal was actually within the Emperor Of Heaven's expectations. In fact, it was even a part of his plan.

Gu Chensha left the Imperial City and looked around. He saw that in many places, the system of gods had collapsed. The power of the Underworld had also been suppressed to the extreme, and new changes had occurred in the Human Realm.

The originally dense power of the mortal world seemed to have been absorbed by some kind of power. Many experts broke through the shackles and were reborn, no longer needing to ascend. The order of the Human Realm was somewhat chaotic, but in this chaos, there was vitality.

In the past, the Human Realm was completely controlled by the Emperor Of Heaven. Even the existence of the Three Corpses God existed in the hearts of people, always reporting all the thoughts and ideas of people to the Heavenly Court. But now, this kind of monitoring was much weaker.

Gu Chensha did not take any action. He carefully observed the Human Realm, and at the same time, he also wanted to see what the Emperor Of Heaven was doing, and where the newly selected Child of Destiny was. But the Emperor Of Heaven did not move for a long time.

On the other hand, Zhang Ziran began to take action. In a few months, with the capital as the foundation, he began to carry out actions and slogans. He abolished the worship of the Heavenly Court, abolished the worship of the Land God, abolished the worship of all kinds of gods, and even did not worship the stars, the sun and the moon in the sky, only the ancestors.

In this way, the Heavenly Court did not attack. After half a year, the foundation of Zhang Ziran was stabilized, and he began to expand to various places in the Human Realm.

However, the Human Realm was really too big. Even in the past, with the confidence of the Heavenly Court, Hong Dynasty could not really take over the four sides, there were still large areas of the uncivilized land that had not been conquered.

It was even more so now, many dynasties were born in the Human Realm, and they all had their own way. The situation changed so quickly that even Gu Chensha could not take it all in.

Five years had passed, but the Heavenly Court still hadn't taken any action, allowing the changes in the Human World to occur. In these five years, Zhang Ziran's strength had become stronger and stronger, and his son Zhang Yi Ren seemed to have grown up as well. He began to help him do some things, and sometimes, Zhang Yi Ren even secretly fought against the experts of the Heavenly Court and even won.

All of this was seen by Gu Chensha. He remembered that in the past, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor fought against the Heavenly Dao, and he was besieged on all sides. Then, he rose up and pacified the four sides. Everything was similar to the past.

Of course, Zhang Ziran's strength was far from being comparable to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, but the situation was exactly the same, and there was a feeling of reincarnation. This was also the effect that Gu Chensha hoped for.

"As expected, the Heavenly Court can't stand it anymore?"

At this time, Gu Chensha's heart moved, and he found that there seemed to be some kind of light flashing high up in the sky. Deep in the Heavenly Court.

The Emperor Of Heaven sat on the high throne, and behind him was the Primordial Chaos Sky Pillar. On top of the pillar hung the Primordial Chaos Sky List, and below him were the many ministers of the Heavenly Court, led by the Sun-Moon Lord and the Dharma Saint. Hong Ling Sha, the Taoist Ancestor, was not here.

"Your Majesty, it has been five years since that Zhang Ziran proclaimed himself as the Human Ancestor. He abolished the worship of the Heavenly Court and disrespected the Heavens. This is getting more and more serious. I think the Heavenly Court should take action and directly kill this person." The Dharma Saint stepped forward and reported.

"It's not very appropriate for the Heavenly Court to take action in the Human Realm. Dharma Saint, do you know why I allowed that Zhang Ziran to do what he wanted for five years?" The Emperor Of Heaven said.

"Your Majesty has great foresight, we don't know." The Dharma Saint hurriedly said.

"I was cultivating a secret art to consolidate my realm. Now, I've finally mastered it. In this world, other than Gu Chensha, no one can be my opponent."

The Emperor Of Heaven said: "That Zhang Ziran rebelled and proclaimed himself as the Human Ancestor. He worshiped the Nihility Ancestor, the Taoist Ancestor, and the Eternal Ancestor.

This was also my arrangement. Poor Zhang Ziran thought he had succeeded, but in fact, everything was under my control. "

At this time, the Sun-Moon Lord Hua Mingsha actually spoke up in the Heavenly Court. "Your Majesty, in this case, I request to abolish the Taoist Ancestor and directly suppress him to prevent the Heavenly Court's authority from being tarnished." "How dare you!"

Suddenly, Patriarch Hongluck spoke up. "Celestial Emperors and Daofathers are treated as equals. This is a rule that was set down long ago. Lord of the Sunmoon, you actually dare to act so audaciously as to abolish the Daofathers?

Your Majesty, I request to banish the Sun-Moon Lord into the cycle of reincarnation, never to be reincarnated. "

Because of his daughter, Ancestor Hong Yun had entered the Heavenly Court with a group of experts. These years, he had been operating his forces. In the Heavenly Court, the Taoist Ancestor and the Emperor Of Heaven had been fighting openly and secretly, but nothing big had happened.

"Ancestor Hong Yun, you want me to banish the Sun-Moon Lord?"

The Emperor Of Heaven looked at Ancestor Hong Yun with a mocking expression. "All of your merits are shown on the Primordial Chaos Heaven List. Your merits are at the bottom, and you don't even have any merits. You even have sins. The Sun-Moon Lord's merits are at the top, second only to the Reform Heavenly King. What do you say?"

"Your Majesty, merits can't be determined." Ancestor Hong Yun didn't fear the Emperor Of Heaven at all.

"Back then, I established the Taoist Ancestor as an expedient measure. Now, his cultivation has been completely stabilized," the Emperor Of Heaven said. "In that case, the Taoist Ancestor must be abolished.

Hong Yun, I'll strip you people of your cultivation right now and send you into the cycle of reincarnation. " Rumble! The Emperor Of Heaven made his move.

As he made a grabbing motion, all the people of the Heavenly Court who belonged to the Dao Palace were enveloped by a power.

"Emperor Of Heaven, are you going to attack me so soon?" A woman's voice rang out. It was the Hong Feather Sand.

"Hong Feather Sand, your cultivation has improved a lot in the past five years. But for me, it's like trying to put out a cart of firewood with a cup of water."

The Emperor Of Heaven shook his head. "I'll give you a chance. Restore your status as the Heaven Empress, and I'll let you go." "Emperor Of Heaven, do you really think you can do anything to me?"

The Hong Feather Sand looked at the Emperor Of Heaven. "I've cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra. I know all your moves like the back of my hand. There's no way you can deal with it."

"Is that so?" The Emperor Of Heaven shook his head. "Do you think you're the only one who knows the Dragonless Heart Sutra?"

As he spoke, the Emperor Of Heaven flipped his palm, and an endless river appeared in his palm. Inside the endless river, there were many waves, and each wave was a civilization.

"What?

This is the Dragonless Heart Sutra? Your understanding of the Dragonless Heart Sutra is higher than mine? "The Hong Feather Sand was shocked.

"Go, suppress!" The endless river and the civilization flew out and wrapped around the Hong Feather Sand.

"Nirvana of Heaven and Earth, All Things Are Immortal."

The Hong Feather Sand made a prompt decision, and a Freedom Flower emerged from her body to block the endless river. Then, the Freedom Flower exploded, and she disappeared, falling into the human world.

However, the Freedom Flower, which she had painstakingly extracted from the Eternals, was destroyed. She couldn't even protect Patriarch Hongyun and the others. They were all sucked into the endless river of civilization, screaming miserably.

"Hong Feather Sand, you made a prompt decision. You abandoned the Freedom Flower, which was formed from the Eternals you extracted from the sacrifices, and escaped this calamity.

However, the sacrifices you received from the Celestial Court were all contained in the Freedom Flower. Now that you've returned them, what else do you have? "The Emperor Of Heaven retracted his spell, and a Freedom Flower appeared in his palm.