Chapter 234
===========

This girl did not have a trace of mortal Qi. She floated in the air like a dream. Her temperament was peerless. She was a goddess that should only appear in dreams, not in the mortal world.

Even though Gu Chensha had seen many beauties, he was still attracted by this girl's appearance and temperament. He nodded to himself, "Although this girl is a snake demon, her demonic aura is not cold or ruthless. It is pure gentleness. It seems that she has a quiet personality and has received guidance from an expert." "I've seen you before?

I was momentarily distracted by Miss's elegance. Please forgive me. "Gu Chensha had truly put himself in the shoes of a scholar.

His Transformation of Sun and Moon was an expert in transformation. It was not only the transformation of martial arts, the transformation of earth energy, but also the transformation of personality and temperament.

"This desolate mountain temple is deserted. You know that we are demons. Why are you not afraid? What a brave scholar. "

Little Qing floated around in the hall, still maintaining the playfulness of a little girl, "You must have read too many of those fantasy novels? Are you thinking of romantic encounters? " "Little Qing, don't be rude."

The girl in white's tone became more serious, "This young master came with good intentions. Don't misunderstand. I taught you so many human etiquettes. How could you forget all of them? Quickly come down and make tea for this young master. " "Oh."

Little Qing came down reluctantly. With a flick of her finger, a flame fell to the ground and burned. She then took out a jade pot and boiled it. She also took out a teacup and tea leaves. In a short while, the temple was filled with the fragrance of tea. The girl in white waved her hand and the tea floated up and landed in Gu Chensha's hands.

Gu Chensha picked up the jade cup and took a sip. He felt refreshed. It was even better than 'Drunken Cloud Plum Blossom'.

"Good tea." He drank it in one gulp.

"This is Spirit Seeping Tea from Mount Shouyang. I can see that you are already a martial arts master. You can be considered an outstanding scholar. After drinking this tea, your body and mind will be cleansed, your wisdom will increase, and your bones will be tempered. Not long after, you will definitely become a martial arts master." The girl in white's tone was as calm as flowing water, "This is to thank you for your kindness." "Thank you, young lady."

Gu Chensha hurriedly bowed. "I'm not greedy for the reward. Actually, that Daoist Priest isn't a righteous person. He said he wanted to capture the ladies and pluck them. I'm just acting out of a moment of righteousness. That Daoist Priest Nie has remarkable abilities. It's better for the two ladies to avoid him and not stay here."

"It's fine if that Daoist comes. As long as he dares to come, I'll teach him a lesson." Little Qing snorted coldly.

"Perhaps the two ladies have boundless transcendence energy and are not afraid of that Daoist Nie. However, that Daoist Nie is a subordinate of the current dynasty's Crown Prince Heng's Crown Prince, Gu Tanjian. If you provoke that Crown Prince, I'm afraid it will be very troublesome." Gu Chensha bowed again.

"Gu Tanjian is unfathomable. Even the Young Master is afraid of him. Sister, should we avoid him?" Little Qing's expression changed.

"This Goddess Huagu Temple is the location of fate for the two of us. We must not leave this place. This is the advice given to us by Lord Demonic Sage. Although Goddess Huagu wasn't a true True God, she has enjoyed thousands of years of incense offerings. She has blessed the land and is one of the strongest of our demon race. Although she has fallen, she has left behind some things that are about to appear. If we miss this opportunity, we will lose the fate that we will never meet again."

The lady in white said, "This may be our Devil's Tribulation. If we want to obtain fate, we will have to face the Tribulation. How can we obtain fate without any problems?" "Sister is right. If there are benefits, there will be Tribulation." Little Qing nodded. "That's fine. You and I will see who exactly is coming to deal with us."

"Goddess Huagu is a perverted sacrifice that bewitches the hearts of the people. How can it be considered as blessing the land?" Gu Chensha deliberately refuted.

"Nonsense, Goddess Huagu can cure illnesses and save lives. Which part of it has not blessed the land?"

Little Qing was angry. "You scholars only know how to talk all day long. Once you've started, you'll abandon. You're useless."

"I feel that the Imperial Court should abolish the perverted sacrifice and open a medical center. When you are sick, you should not seek help from the Gods. Instead, you should solve your own problems. This is the way to give wisdom to the people."

Gu Chensha started to reason in front of the white and green snakes. "Furthermore, Goddess Huagu doesn't have any theories of her own. She continues the teachings of the ancient demons who created the cycle of reincarnation. She used it to scare the innocent people so that they would listen to her.

Look at the inscription at the entrance. Although it is said to encourage people to do good, there are also some threatening words. Some fabricated stories, such as insulting Goddess Huagu will bring bad luck. This is definitely not what the Gods would do. " "Nonsense." Little Qing said angrily, "You are asking for a beating."

"Stop." The lady in white shouted and apologized to Gu Chensha, "My little sister is not sensible. Please forgive her.

Listening to your words, I know that you are a scholar with penetrating insight. In the future, you will be a great person. "

"Miss Little Qing is naive and romantic. I would not dare to blame her." Gu Chensha waved his hands. "I was just having an academic debate."

"Thank you for your information. However, the next few days will be very dangerous. It would be better for you to leave this place as soon as possible." The lady in white said.

"I know that what you two ladies are about to do is very important. I know some martial arts and will stay here to protect you." Gu Chensha said.

"Tsk? You? With your weak martial arts, how strong do you think you are? I can kill a hundred of you with a flick of my finger. "Little Qing snorted.

"Don't be rude." The lady in white scolded again, "Young Master has good intentions."

"I know that my abilities are weak. However, I am an Elementary Scholar. If someone from the Imperial Court were to deal with you two ladies, I might be able to defend myself." Gu Chensha said.

"This matter is very dangerous. It would be better for you not to participate."

The lady in white waved her hand. Just as she was about to speak, a cold wind suddenly blew outside. There were faint sounds of ghosts crying and gods howling.

"Young Master, quickly hide behind the statue."

The lady in white's face changed. She waved her hand. Immediately, an astral energy wrapped around Gu Chensha and hid him behind the statue. Jie Jie, Jie Jie …. A sinister laugh came from outside. There was another person in the hall.

This person had red hair. His face was treacherous. His nose was hooked. There was even a single horn on his head. He did not look like a human.

However, his body was emitting a bloody aura. It was mixed with demonic aura. One look and one could tell that he was an old demon.

"Jiang Xue He, what are you doing here?" The lady in white did not panic when she saw the demon. "Didn't the Young Master tell you to wait outside of Wu Province? Your demonic aura was detected by the Imperial Court. Wouldn't the Young Master's plan be ruined? "

"You two sisters are really dishonest. You came out to help the Young Master, but you actually hooked up with a scholar to eat.

You two sisters usually pretend to be decent, there are so many outstanding figures of our demon race who would like to have sex with you, but they were rejected. Do you really think that you two are as pure as ice and as pure as jade? Just a moment ago, I saw the scholar hiding behind Hu Gu's statue. "The demon called Jiang Xue He let out a lewd smile.

"Jiang Xue He, you still dare to talk nonsense. I can only show you who is stronger." Little Qing's finger emitted astral energy. It seemed to condense into a sword.

"Jiang Xue He, why did you leave your post? Why did you come here?"

The lady in white frowned. "We are in charge of the matters around Wu Province City. You have your duty."

"Jie Jie …." Jiang Xue He laughed again. "I want a share. You two are fated to meet. It seems that you want to obtain some of the things left behind by Aunt Hu. I don't want anything else. I only want the 'Heavenly Demon Form Refining Pill' and the 'Heavenly Demon Book'."

"Jiang Xue He, you are quite arrogant. You actually dare to ask for these things." The lady in white's tone was no longer gentle. It was filled with killing intent.

"This is a rare opportunity. In the past, if Aunt Hu didn't obtain the Heavenly Demon Book, she wouldn't have been able to build a godly temple and proclaim herself as a god. She enjoyed the worship of the people. Even the Imperial Court and the Immortal Dao couldn't do anything to her."

Jiang Xue He looked at the two sisters with a lascivious expression. "You two are lucky. You obtained the Form Transforming Talisman and obtained a human form. I have cultivated bitterly for many years. I took pills and even burned my body in a furnace. I have suffered so much just to reconstruct my meridians and acupoints. I wanted to transform into a human form, but I didn't succeed. If you two sisters don't agree, then don't blame me for being ruthless. "

"You dare to disobey the Young Master's order?" The lady in white knew that Jiang Xue He did not come with good intentions.

"What Young Lord?" At this moment, another voice rang out.

A Daoist appeared in the hall. It was Daoist Nie. He nodded at Jiang Xue He. "Brother Jiang has long sought refuge with our clan's prince and told me a secret. I didn't expect you two snake demons to have fate with Aunt Hu, this heavenly fox.

It seems like there are many secrets hidden in this broken temple. Since there are treasures, we will definitely take them away and offer them to the prince. As for you two sisters, you are already in the prince's pocket. " "With just the two of you, you want to deal with us sisters?" Little Qing hooked her finger.

"If I'm not wrong, your sister is circulating her astral qi with all her might in an attempt to communicate with this statue of Aunt Hu."

Daoist Nie chuckled. "Your sister's strength has been suppressed by 90%. You are the only one left. How can you be a match for us?"

"Then you two can come up and try." The lady in white's expression changed. She knew that Daoist Nie was right.

"Heavenly Demon Book?"

When Gu Chensha heard the conversation behind the statue, he was slightly moved. This book was no small matter. During the desolate era, many huge demons gathered together and exchanged their cultivation experiences. They recorded down their cultivation techniques and in the end, they analyzed them and gathered them into a supreme profound that was passed down. It was to allow the demon race to be on equal footing with the heavens.

This book was a heaven class cultivation technique. The book itself was a supreme treasure. It was similar to Limitless Heavenly Sect's Limitless Heavenly Book and Heng Clan's Eternal Heavenly Book.

He didn't expect that Aunt Hu would actually obtain this book. No wonder she could proclaim herself as a god.

He opened his Sun Moon Dragon Eyes and indeed, he saw the lady in white sitting on the praying mat in front of the statue. Her innate astral qi was flowing into the statue.

This statue was like a bottomless pit. It kept absorbing the astral qi from her body, making her unable to escape. Her strength was greatly suppressed, making it difficult for her to even move.