Chapter 243
===========

"What? Concubine Ming Wu Dangkong has entered the High Study Room and is making a decision? "

In the Calming Immortal Department, Gu Huasha was the first to receive the news. Even someone as shrewd as him could not help but be shocked.

"Could it be that Concubine Ming made a fake imperial edict while Father was in seclusion?" "That's impossible."

Lou Baiyue was very calm. "This must be the Emperor's intention. Concubine Ming has just entered the palace not long ago, how could she have the ability to do so? Everyone in the palace is powerful and only listens to the Emperor. Even if she has the ability to reach the heavens and a Martial Saint descends, she will still be helpless. The Emperor's action may have a deeper meaning that is beyond our imagination. " "Isn't this nonsense?" Gu Huasha shook his head. "What about Old Nineteen? Did he send any news from the Martial Province? "

"He is still investigating the reincarnated person of the Martial Song Planet, but he has had a great harvest recently. He has subdued two Snake Daemon Kings of the Shouyang Mountain Snake Clan in the Lair of Ten Thousand Dragons. At the same time, he has obtained the fate of the Snake Daemons, the Book of Heavenly Demon left behind by Goddess Hu Gu."

Lou Baiyue smiled and was very satisfied. "The Book of Heavenly Demon is no small matter. Don't you think so, Jin Suibo?" "Yes, Department Head."

Jin Suibo had now entered the Calming Immortal Department and contacted the Immortal Dao. He had a large number of subordinates and worked diligently. Most of the Calming Immortal Department's income came from the taxes he collected from the Immortal Dao. Half of the Calming Immortal Department's current smooth operation was due to this person's efforts.

Moreover, this person seemed to be loyal and did not take any bribes. He did things flawlessly and was even more loyal than a loyal official. Lou Baiyue and Gu Huasha could not find any signs of disloyalty in him.

"The Book of Heavenly Demon itself is a supreme divine artifact. It is as famous as the Peerless Heavenly Book and the Eternal Heavenly Book.

This book has the ability to operate the universe, mediate good fortune, and contain the power of the stars. Moreover, the book can form a world of its own. If we can obtain it, our Calming Immortal Department will have this strange treasure to protect us, and then we won't have to fear those old fogies. "

Jin Suibo was extremely familiar with all kinds of treasures in the world of dao. He explained, "However, I see that the Book of Heavenly Yao is damaged. It's likely that its spirit isn't strong enough and needs to be nurtured. That's why it hasn't shown any miraculous effects. Fortunately, when Royal Prince Chen returns and Department Head's unparalleled skills, we'll be able to break the seal and repair its spirit, turning it into a kingdom of Heavenly Yao."

"Once the Sky Demon Nation is formed, even if we encounter any mishaps, we will be able to escape unscathed."

Gu Huasha also nodded his head, "Jin Suibo, tell me, why did the Emperor allow Ming Fei to enter the Upper Study Room to decide on all matters?" "I don't understand either."

Jin Suibo furrowed his brows and thought hard: "After I received this news, I thought about it for a long time. I don't know what the Emperor's intentions are. If I can figure out the Emperor's wisdom, my cultivation will be much higher than it is now. "

"Either Wu Dangkong has inherited some kind of providence, and the Emperor is using this woman's providence to play chess with the Heavenly Dao."

Lou Baiyue's eyes flickered. "His Majesty isn't someone who is lustful for women. He brought this lady into the palace to force the Wu Clan to take a stand. Secondly, this lady must have some kind of secret. This lady is just a chess piece of His Majesty." "It's possible, very likely!"

Suddenly, Jin Suibo seemed to remember something, "Wu Dangkong, Wu Dangkong … When I was in Limitless Celestial Sect, there was a rumor that there was a vision when a girl from the Wu Clan was born. The Mysterious Gate of Divination of the Immortal Dao Mystic Gate once went to the Wu Clan to discuss something. He said that this woman had the appearance of a monarch, but that was just a rumor. No one took it to heart. Since ancient times, there has never been a woman who became a monarch." "What? There is such a rumor? "Lou Baiyue was shocked," Where did you hear it? "

"Back then, I was still an elder of Limitless Celestial Sect. I had a wide circle of friends and knew many secrets. Furthermore, I had dealings with many supreme elders of the Mysterious Gate of Divination. "

Jin Suibo said, "However, this rumor is very secretive, and I don't know if it is wrong, because it is simply impossible. But now, it seems that the Emperor might really be because of this. "

"If that's the case, the Emperor is definitely using this to play a game with the providence of heaven and earth." Lou Baiyue had a rough idea, "Jin Suibo, thank you for dispelling the doubts in my heart this time."

"You don't have to do this, Department Head. Since I joined the Celestial Calmness Department, I will wholeheartedly work for you. In my opinion, in this world, other than the three Department Heads who can support the country and make up for the deficiencies of the heavens, the others are all clay chickens and pottery dogs, not worth mentioning."

Jin Suibo said, "I have cultivated for a very long time, and I can't escape the great calamity of life and death. But if I follow the three Department Heads, I might be able to escape the calamity in the future and enjoy longevity. I know that Department Head has always suspected that I have disloyalty, but this is really normal. As the saying goes, a strong wind tests the strong grass, and a turbulent board tests the loyal subjects. I will definitely do my best to work for the Celestial Calmness Department." "It's rare for you to think so highly of us."

Gu Huasha's expression changed slightly, "In any case, if there is merit, then there will be rewards, and if there is a mistake, then there will be punishment. You don't have to worry that we will be on guard against you." "Also, what does Department Head think of the National Fortune Report?"

Jin Suibo said, "That was done by Gu Tanjian. Right now, he has become famous throughout the country with the publication of high-grade martial arts. If we let him have the right to speak, it will be extremely disadvantageous for our Celestial Calmness Department."

"Chensha has already informed me about this," Lou Baiyue said, "This is indeed a tricky situation. We have to think of a countermeasure.

Moreover, that National Fortune Report is distributed in the Wu Province, which smacks of a conspiracy. Right now, Consort Ming Wu Dangkong is in charge of matters in the Upper Study. Although she can't say that she can do whatever she wants, she still has the right to speak. From the looks of it, this woman and Gu Tanjian are working together to specifically target our Celestial Calmness Department. " "This subordinate will definitely plan this matter," Jin Suibo said. The Boorish Wasteland, the Seventh Prince's fief.

At this moment, the Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha, the Seventh Prince Gu Fasha, the Third Prince Gu Fasha, the Fourteenth Prince Gu Yunsha, and the Eighteenth Prince Gu Hongsha were all gathered together, seemingly discussing an important matter.

"Everyone, the current situation is already very clear."

The Seventh Prince Gu Fasha was the first to speak. "The imperial court has already divided the factions. The Nineteenth Prince and Lou Baiyue are working together to form the Celestial Calmness Department. They are the strongest, and we are basically unable to contend against them.

"Secondly, First Prince's son, Gu Tanjian, had some kind of fortuitous encounter, and his aptitude became an unparalleled prodigy. Furthermore, he is also recruiting talents without restraint. Recently, he has even faintly formed an alliance with the Wu Clan. We are also not a match for him. If we still don't work together and attack on our own, we will no longer have any position in the imperial court."

"I will listen to Seventh Prince." The Third Prince Gu Fasha expressed his opinion. "Right now, it is indeed time for us to unite. What do you say, Tenth Prince?" "I have no opinion."

The Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha was also a little discouraged. "My cultivation is already unable to catch up to that brat, Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha. That little bastard, Gu Tanjian, is even riding on my head."

"I heard that Gu Tanjian has the Dragon Nurturing Elixir that can increase one's aptitude to a prodigy. He even has the legendary Creation Dragon Elixir that can increase one's aptitude to an unparalleled prodigy."

The Eighteenth Prince Gu Hongsha said, "Our aptitudes aren't good enough, and our cultivation is unable to increase. If we can become prodigies, why would our status be like this?

In my opinion, we can make use of the conflict between Gu Tanjian and the Celestial Calmness Department to obtain some benefits from Gu Tanjian. As long as we can become prodigies, our cultivation will be smooth sailing. "

"This plan is also very good, but I am afraid that Gu Tanjian will make use of it. We have to send someone to contact this child and persuade him. How about it?" The Seventh Prince Gu Fasha was in favor.

"I will contact this child, but the key is for us to be of one mind and form a whole. Only then will we be qualified to obtain sufficient benefits from this child. You must know that this child seems to be gradually operating among the commoners."

The Third Prince Gu Hengsha said, "When we princes unite, we are also a powerful force. If Gu Tanjian obtains our support, he will probably be able to immediately take control of the situation in the imperial court, and we will also be able to obtain what we want.

I think that as long as we all become prodigies, the current situation will definitely not be like this. "

"That's right. It is rumored that prodigies can cultivate to the Great Path Golden Elixir as long as they have fated it. They will have a lifespan of a thousand years. Who wouldn't want that?"

The Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha circled around. "For the sake of our common interests, we should all join forces and negotiate with that brat Gu Tanjian. What do you think?" "I agree." "I agree as well!" The princes all expressed their opinions. In Wuzhou City.

At this moment, Gu Tanjian was in a courtyard deep within the Tiger Leopard League, observing the sky at night. There was no one around him.

The stars in the sky flickered, and they contained endless mysteries. His eyes seemed to have become vortexes of stars. It was unknown what kind of mystical art he was cultivating. Whoosh! At this moment, a figure descended, appearing soundlessly in the courtyard.

This person was like a ghost or god. He came without a shadow, and his martial arts and dao techniques had already reached an unimaginable level.

"Jing Fanxing, you've finally come out of seclusion?

Not bad. As expected of an unparalleled genius, you have cultivated the Jindan of the Great Path. "Gu Tanjian seemed to have known who had come. The newcomer was actually Concubine Ming Wu Dangkong's fiancé, Jing Fanxing.

This kid had long entered the immortal path, and his cultivation was unfathomable. Now, he had actually cultivated the Jindan of the Great Path and appeared out of nowhere.

"Logically speaking, to cultivate the Jindan of the Great Path, you should have a banquet and an immortal convention.

But you actually hid yourself. It looks like you feel deeply humiliated, and don't have the face to host a banquet, "Gu Tanjian said.

"The hatred of stealing my wife is absolutely irreconcilable! This Yongchō must be destroyed. Gu Taxian, I must kill him! "

Jing Fanxing was a young man. He was extremely tall and handsome, with slender brows and starry eyes. His temperament was otherworldly, but now he had a hint of killing intent and loneliness, which added to his charm.

"You have quite the ambition, but your strength is too weak. If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor wants to kill you, a single thought will kill you. Even if you hide in the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth, you will die for sure." Gu Tanjian laughed loudly. "You must not act rashly. Once you die, there will be nothing left." "Why did you call me here this time?" Jing Fanxing faced Gu Tanjian with murderous intent.

"What? You want to kill me? You don't have that ability. " Gu Tanjian did not care. "I advise you to extinguish that thought, or you might die prematurely." "Is that so? Everyone with the surname Gu must die. "Jing Fanxing took a step forward. But the moment he took that step, layers of space-time mazes appeared before him.