Chapter 642
===========

The Great Might Dynasty had conspired against the Central Divine Prefecture time and time again, even joining forces with the Demon Race and Barbarian Race to invade the lands of the Imperial Court.

When Gu Chensha first made his debut, the first thing he seized was Prince Gu's Heavenly Dragon Spirit-Condensing Flag. Who allowed the Great Wei Dynasty to plot against the Yongchō? Not allowing Yongchō to retaliate?

Gu Chensha had been making arrangements a long time ago. He made Bao Ming 'er a spy, and his development in the Great Wei Dynasty was rather smooth.

The structure of the Great Wei Dynasty was not like the Yongchō, where everything was decided by the Emperor. Instead, it was more like a feudal system. Many nobles had their own fiefdoms, and within their fiefdoms, the appointment and dismissal of officials were all decided by the nobles themselves. It was just that the nobles had the responsibility of protecting the Emperor and paying taxes to the Emperor.

Even the emperor could not casually dismiss or kill nobles. Otherwise, if order was disrupted, the nobles would be attacked by the masses. Of course, if the nobles rebelled, they would basically be destroyed.

In short, the structure of the Great Wei Dynasty was completely different from that of the Yongchō. It was a completely different style. Hence, while Bao Ming 'er was working with the Calming Immortal Agency, his business was going smoothly, and his family's influence in the Great Wei Dynasty had been greatly expanded. With this as a stronghold, Gu Chensha would be able to swallow the Great Wei Dynasty whole.

The Black Yellow Dragon Emperor's restrictions were increasing. He was also being summoned by the heavenly dao. He had to resist it, and his strength could not be displayed.

Moreover, Gu Chensha didn't fear him at all. If it weren't for the fact that he was being held back by so many parties and that the Great Prestige Dynasty was too far away, then even if he defeated them he wouldn't gain much. Otherwise, he would have already activated his dimensional realm and destroyed the Great Prestige Dynasty. The most important thing right now was to suppress the Devil Calamity.

Gu Chensha activated the Heavenly Dao technique and sat in the Small Divine Province, controlling the changes in the Divine Province.

He was also waiting, waiting for the critical moment when the Dharma Saint would ascend to a dimensional realm. Then, he would be able to take advantage of the situation. It would be best if he could capture the Dharma Saint himself. Like this, he could suppress the Dharma Saint within the World Tree and use it to assist in the transformations. As he refined the Dharma Saint, he would be able to ensure that the dimensional realm wouldn't lack kinetic energy. The Dharma Saint was currently a Heavenly Lord. Suppress and capture a Heavenly Venerable? That was a crazy idea. But Gu Chensha felt very confident.

By then, the Profound Sect of the Universe, the Taiyi Fantasy Sect and the Heavenly Dance Fantasy Sect would communicate with each other with the help of the World Tree and form a real alliance. In this way, a colossus would be born. It was indeed possible to suppress the Dharma Saint in the chaos.

Of course, the premise of this was that the Dharma Saint would be attacked from all sides and unable to ascend to a dimensional realm.

If the Dharma Saint were to form a dimensional realm, then it would be very difficult to deal with him. The world's aristocratic families would take the Dharma Saint as the center and unite once more.

When Gu Chensha activated it in the Small Divine Prefecture, his eyes pierced through the endless space-time and saw all the Dharma Realms in the depths of the space-time turbulence. All the Dharma Realms were a Dharma Ring, and the ring naturally formed a world. Vaguely, it seemed to be shrouded in a layer of fog. He couldn't divine it, and it was hard to see it clearly.

"This is the power of the Heaven Sacrificial Decree."

Gu Chensha knew that the Dharma Saint was using the power of the Heaven Sacrificial Decree to prevent powerhouses from calculating and accelerating the evolution of the Small Chiliocosm. Wu Dangkong was also helping.

Recently, Wu Dangkong didn't activate the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. Therefore, Wu Dangkong didn't gain any benefits.

It seemed that Wu Dangkong had made up his mind. Even if he didn't use the Heaven Sacrificial Decree, he wouldn't let Gu Chensha benefit. This was the so-called harming others without benefiting oneself.

Gu Chensha also didn't know why Wu Dangkong had such a strong hatred. If this woman cooperated with the Tranquil Immortal Bureau and worked for the imperial court, not only would she gain great power, she would also gain countless benefits.

"It's hard to predict people's hearts.

Some people are stubborn and can't change their minds no matter how hard they try. The power of the mind is ever-changing. Even the Heavens can't measure the hearts of all living beings. In this world, the hearts of all living beings are stronger than the Heavenly Dao.

Unfortunately, the hearts of all living beings are in a mess and can't be condensed. Naturally, it's impossible for a man to conquer the heavens. "Gu Chensha calculated in his heart. He used the knowledge he had obtained in large amounts to calculate with his current mental energy.

His spirit force was now able to split 200 million things at once. When he calculated, he could instantly grasp all sorts of things.

The higher his cultivation and the deeper his comprehension, the stronger his ability to calculate would be. The changes to the Common People Heaven Mending Technique would also be more profound.

"Based on my calculations and guesses, there should still be a few months before all the Magic Worlds advance to a medium-grade world. The magic power I left in the True God Throne can only hide like a turtle. I can't raise my head or see what's going on inside. The Dharma Saint's suppression is getting stronger and stronger. This means that in the process of refining all the Magic Worlds, not only has his cultivation completely recovered, but it has also improved.

I can only wait. When the small-grade world evolves into a medium-grade world, it will be the strongest moment but also the weakest moment. He will face many tribulations. I will act at that moment. " Gu Chensha paid close attention to all the Magic Worlds.

The rings continued to jump about in the chaotic space. Normal God Realms and even Saints couldn't lock onto them and find it hard to see them. If not for Gu Chensha leaving a bit of his own power within, he would probably have to use the power of a medium-grade world to find and observe them. He was waiting. Numerous strong existences were also waiting.

When the Legalism Faction advanced, all their secrets would be exposed. At that time, it would be time for the big powers to act. But at that moment, something weird happened.

The Unified Dharma Cutting Ring suddenly expanded 100 times. The power of the world caused a giant storm in the chaotic space.

Numerous treasures flashed across the ring and then melted into the depths of the world. He didn't know where these treasures came from but Gu Chensha noticed many ancient treasures.

"What is going on?" Gu Chensha was shocked.

Before he could respond, the Law World formed by the Unified Law Cutting Ring expanded once more. Endless strength surged outwards, and the smell of a dimensional realm began to spread outwards. Then, a giant world vaguely protected all the Magic Worlds.

That world was a strange and dazzling one, seemingly filled with endless temptation, hope, and change. It was an ancient medium-grade world. Who knew how many experts there were, and there were even Heavenly Venerables controlling it.

"Great Sky Demon Prison!" Gu Chensha saw it from his ancient memories. This giant power that protected all the Magic Worlds was the Sky Demon Race.

The Sky Demon Race's medium-grade world was called the Great Sky Demon Prison. It was the most mysterious, tyrannical, and ever-changing place in the Demon Domain. The Sky Demon Race was the true ancient monarch of the Demon Race.

During the Demon Apocalypse, the Sky Demon Race had never appeared. But now, they were carrying out a huge plan to help the Dharma Saint refine a medium-grade world. This move was simply perfect, suppressing the center, a strike that destroyed the ages. Gu Chensha's heart sank.

He had predicted that the Sky Demon Race would make a move, but he didn't expect that they would go all out to help the Dharma Saint ascend.

For the sake of the Dharma Saint's ascension, the Sky Demon Race had secretly provided countless benefits. The treasures that appeared just now must have been given to the Dharma Saint by the Sky Demon Race. The Sky Demon Race was indeed generous and didn't bother with trifles.

When the Dharma Saint worked with the pygmy demons, both sides were careful, afraid that the other would become a threat to them. Logically speaking, Gu Chensha knew that the Dharma Saint's cooperation with any demon race was like asking a tiger for its skin, and there was no way he could gain the other party's trust.

Even if it was the demon race, no matter how closely they worked with the Dharma Saint, it was impossible for them to help the Dharma Saint ascend to a medium-grade world. This was the basic principle.

Gu Chensha could even predict that when the Dharma Saint ascended, the demon race would be the first to attack the Dharma Saint. If the Dharma Saint ascended to a medium-grade world, the demon race would probably turn the tables, and they would be manipulated by the Dharma Saint in the future. But now, the Sky Demon Race was actually "selflessly" helping the Dharma Saint. What was going on? Even if Gu Chensha was a schemer, he still didn't know the reason behind it.

Not to mention Gu Chensha, it was likely that the Dharma Saint's sudden move had been hidden from even some of the old antiques. With the protection of the Sky Demon Race and the Dharma Saint's sudden ascension, no one could act blindly without thinking.

Gu Chensha could even see countless demons being driven by the Sky Demon Race as sacrifices and nutrients, merging into all the Dharma Realms. There were probably billions, or even tens of billions.

The demon race was much more numerous than the human race, and it was unknown how many demons the Sky Demon Race commanded. As the lowest existences, these demons were slaves and horses to be slaughtered.

These large numbers of demons merged into all the Dharma Realms and died directly. Their corpses and souls became nutrients for the birth of the world, and then the entire world would immediately be complete. No one had expected that the Dharma Saint and the Sky Demon Race would be so generous.

"The tables have turned. From now on, the day of bloodshed for all life is coming."

Even with Gu Chensha's composure, he knew that the Dharma Saint and the Sky Demon Race had merged to give birth to a dimensional realm, and such power could no longer be stopped. He had underestimated the Dharma Saint, underestimated the Sky Demon Race, and underestimated the workings of the world. He had miscalculated this time.

"What a Sky Demon Race."

In the depths of the spatial turbulence, Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master were both shocked. They couldn't react in time as they watched the Sky Demon Prison protecting all the Dharma Realms gradually forming into a dimensional realm. They knew that even if they attacked with all their might, they would not be able to destroy the Dharma Saint even if they could gain the upper hand. Instead, they would be letting others take advantage of them. One miscalculation, and they had missed the best opportunity.

"Immortal Master, you have attracted the Sky Demon Race's frenzied retaliation because you have recruited the Eternal Demon Race."

Wan Senshi dispersed the spiritual power that he had gathered. "If not for that, the Sky Demon Race would definitely not have given up so many things to nurture the Dharma Saint and ruin our grand plan."

"The Sky Demon Race is indeed the king of the demon race, and the most ancient demon race." The Immortal Master's eyes were deep. "Our alliance is useless. What a pity. "

"If not for the fact that there are others eyeing us covetously, even if it is the Sky Demon Race and the Dharma Saint, we would still be annihilated by them." Wan Senshi was still a little indignant.