Chapter 823
===========

"Chensha, you've been searching for the Emperor Of Heaven's whereabouts. Have you found any clues?"

The Martial Saint Skylord frowned. He knew the severity of the situation. The Four Desolates had fallen into the hands of others. If the Divine Prefecture was lost as well, then the Imperial Court would lose its foundation. Humans had to live on the earth. If they lost control of the earth, it would be difficult for them to move a single step.

"Not yet."

Gu Chensha also felt that the situation was a little urgent. "My cultivation is still not enough. If I become a Heavenly Lord, then the search for the Emperor Of Heaven will be a success. However, there is no need for everyone to think that this is a matter of life and death for the Yongchō and the Tranquil Immortal Department. I have always believed that man can triumph over the heavens. In fact, through my careful calculations, as long as the 40 billion subjects under our command all become Innate Saints, then the people will be able to suppress the Divine Prefecture. Even if the Emperor Of Heaven appears, he will not be able to do anything. Finally, the fate of the Emperor Of Heaven will be taken away and returned to the people. The heavens are the people's heavens. " "It is almost impossible for all of them to become Innate Saints now.

Even if all of them become geniuses, it is not something that can be done in a short period of time. "

Zhuge Ya said, "I am currently doing my best to promote the Human Dragon Fist and raise the aptitude of the people. In a few months, I will make fools and low-grade aptitude completely a thing of the past. When the thirty-sixth year of the Heavenly Talisman arrives, I must let everyone in the world have at least mid-grade aptitude as a general, or even a high-grade commander." "This is still not enough."

Gu Chensha shook his head, "Actually, the current situation is very dangerous to anyone, but to me, it is just a predestined fate. I have another way to improve the aptitude of the people in the world, and that is to directly capture the Desolate Dragon Gate, shatter and refine this Dragon Gate, and integrate it into the imperial court's national fate. Then, everyone's aptitude will increase. Of course, this is also a method to spoil things through excessive enthusiasm, unless it is absolutely necessary, I will not use it. The best way is to integrate the Desolate Dragon Gate into our Divine Gourd, and calculate it to the extreme, and calculate the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra to the next level of aptitude.

I've already come up with a plan, which is to create another mental cultivation method based on the Holy Dragon Mantra. It's called the 'Dragonless' mental cultivation method. Once this mental cultivation method is cultivated, everyone will become Outliers. This is the realm that Xing Qiongshi is pursuing, but his cultivation base is not enough to withstand such a great Dao. That's why he's an illusion. " "If this method is successful, the situation in the world will change again."

When Zhuge Ya heard this, he was delighted once more. It was like he comprehended some theory and broke through the restrictions that the heavens had placed on him.

Zhuge Ya was the Lord of Seven Stars, and he himself had the talent and power that the heavens had given him. He forcefully reversed the heavens and obtained the identity of the Lord of Seven Stars. His cultivation increased once more, but unfortunately, the restrictions on him increased. It was really difficult for him to break through to the Outlier Realm. Now, his cultivation was at the Dao Realm 36 Transformations. He was at the peak of Embodiment Transformation, but he was unable to break through to Empyrean Realm. For this, he was thinking of all sorts of methods.

Calming Xian Department had three Empyreans. The first was naturally Empyrean Martial Saint, the second was General People's General, and the third was Chang Weiyang. Next, the one with the highest chance of becoming an Empyrean was Wen Hong.

Wen Hong gave up on the Endless Cauldron and immediately comprehended the Outlier Realm. With the resources and various comprehensions of Calming Xian Department, he would become an Empyrean Realm sooner or later. One could even say that it wouldn't be surprising if Wen Hong became an Empyrean Realm in the next second.

"Not bad, I already have an overall plan in mind."

Gu Chensha said confidently, "In fact, in the depths of the Dragon Gate of the Prehistoric Universe, when I absorbed the sins of the Dragon Gate and turned them into merit, I deeply understood the nature of the Dragon Gate. I have some confidence in capturing the Dragon Gate. The Dragon Gate itself is actually a treasure that will be of great use in the future. It is equivalent to being controlled by Celestial Emperor, the gateway of the celestial heavens to the mortal world. In the future, the Heavenly Court and the mortal world are separated.

The Heavenly Court is high above, and if people want to enter the Heavenly Court to become gods, they have to go through the Dragon Gate.

It is like the imperial examinations in the mortal world. Normal people have to go through the imperial examinations to become officials. Only by crossing the threshold of the imperial examinations can they become gentry. Their statuses are completely different.

This gate is the future Heavenly Court's promotion gate for the myriad worlds. If people don't have a path to promotion, they will have resentment. If the path to promotion is too smooth, the Heavenly Court will be overcrowded, which is not good. That is why the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd exists. The Emperor Of Heaven used this treasure to slay immortals and gods at regular intervals, so that the Heavenly Court's position will always be at an appropriate level. "

While he was talking, Gu Chensha had already calculated the structure of the future heaven, which was suitable for him to find the people and treasures that were supposed to be fated.

The future Emperor Of Heaven was born, and the Heavenly Court appeared. There was a true ruler between heaven and earth, and the Heavenly Dao had a concrete form. The era of chaos had finally ended, and the universe welcomed a brand new order that would last forever. The formation of the future Heavenly Court was divided into many steps.

The Emperor Of Heaven himself, the Heavenly Court itself was the Divine Central Continent, the endless 36 treasures, the Primeval Dragon Gate, the Heaven Offering Talisman, and even the Hong Meng Tree, the Nine Heavenly Kings, the Four Wilds, and so on, were all part of the order of the future Heavenly Court. These things appeared in the world one after another, and only then could a complete Heavenly Court be formed.

The Emperor Of Heaven was born, and he controlled the endless 36 treasures, opened the gate to the Heavenly Realm, and sat on the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven. Everything was set in stone.

Gu Chensha knew that this was almost inevitable, but it was precisely because of this that things were more challenging.

"Chensha, then the most important thing now is to subdue the Primeval Dragon Gate?"

Lou Baiyue said, "But the Primeval Dragon Gate seems to have disappeared. Since you woke it up, it has escaped from some fixed position."

Gu Chensha calculated, and indeed, he could not find the Primeval Dragon Gate. It seemed to have disappeared without a trace.

As he frowned, he took astral steps and suddenly attacked. The Divine Land Bottle Gourd shot out a cloud, and many scenes appeared in the cloud. One could vaguely see the trajectory of the Primeval Dragon Gate.

The Primeval Dragon Gate kept jumping in the depths of the space-time turbulence, changing position thousands of times in every instant. Even experts of the Heavenly Longevity Realm could not find the location of the Primeval Dragon Gate.

According to Gu Chensha's calculations, the Primeval Dragon Gate was fiercely shrinking as it jumped. The Five Elements Great Thousand Worlds around the Primeval Dragon Gate were also collapsing and shrinking. In the end, they all entered the depths of the Primeval Dragon Gate.

The Primeval Dragon Gate began to shrink to a certain extreme, becoming a palm-sized door. It turned into a stream of light and fell into the Divine Continent, then disappeared like a shooting star.

"Oh?"

All the upper echelons of the Tranquil Immortal Department saw this scene. Heavenly Paragon Martial Saint said, "I didn't expect the Primeval Dragon Gate to descend into the world. I wonder which fated person it fell into?"

"If I guessed correctly, after the Primeval Dragon Gate shrank, it should have fallen into the hands of the Gate Jin Heavenly King. In the future, the Heavenly Court will be guarded by this Gate Jin Heavenly King.

This Heavenly King guards the passage to the mortal and immortal, and his combat strength is extraordinary. It seems that after the Grand Inferno Heavenly King, the Calamity Heavenly King, and the Innocuous Heavenly King appeared, the other Heavenly Kings also appeared. "Gu Chensha waved his hand again, and the cloud of smoke from the Divine Land Bottle Gourd became even denser. The smoke flowed with time, and in the blink of an eye, it was the future. The scenery of the future appeared in Gu Chensha's calculations.

In the future, the myriad worlds settled, and the Heavenly Court stood above them. In the center of the Heavenly Court was a Great Emperor. This Great Emperor was like a vast sun, and his power spread across the boundless space-time and endless planes. This was the Emperor Of Heaven.

Below the Emperor Of Heaven was the Lord of the Sun and Moon. He was in charge of the movements of the celestial bodies, and he was like a prime minister.

However, this Lord of the Sun and Moon did not resemble Gu Tiansha at all. From this, it could be seen that there was a certain degree of strong deviation between the present and the future.

The Lord of the Sun and Moon originally belonged to someone else, but he was forcefully seized by Gu Tiansha.

After that, there were the Nine Heavenly Kings, the Heavenly Court's Immortals and Gods, and countless officials. These officials gathered together, forming the most basic ruling authority of the Heavenly Court.

However, the Emperor Of Heaven was shrouded in a ball of light, and it was impossible to see what he looked like. In other words, Gu Chensha relied on all sorts of calculations to calculate the future, but he could not find any traces of the current Emperor Of Heaven's reincarnation.

However, the Emperor Of Heaven's reincarnation could not be calculated, but the figure of the Gate Jin Heavenly King could be seen clearly.

"Investigate immediately."

With a wave of his hand, Gu Chensha dispersed the diagram of the future Heavenly Court. Since the figure of the Gate Jin Heavenly King had appeared, he could easily find this person's existence in the present world. From there, he could capture the Primeval Dragon Gate, crush it, and refine it. This would allow Gu Chensha's cultivation to rise once again, from the Holy Dragon Heart Technique to the Dragonless Heart Technique. From then on, the Dragon Raising Heart Technique would become a genius. The Dragon Making Heart Technique would become a peerless genius. The Holy Dragon Heart Technique would become a natural saint. The Dragonless Heart Technique would become a Divergent.

With all these interlocking factors, the court's momentum would be formed. Even if the Emperor Of Heaven were to be born, if everyone was a Divergent, then what about the Emperor Of Heaven? Divergents themselves could reverse the heavens, and there were no restrictions.

In the blink of an eye, the Calming Immortal Bureau began a large-scale investigation throughout the country.

There were more than 40 billion people in the country. The situation was chaotic, and the flow of talents was extremely high. Large numbers of people died at every moment, and large numbers of people were also born. Wanting to investigate a specific person's specific situation was like looking for a needle in a haystack. However, this was not difficult at all for the Calming Immortal Bureau. After three breaths, they had searched through all the information of the country's population.

"Chensha, there's no such person." Zhuge Ya came to report.

"What?"

Gu Chensha was shocked. "I have calculated the appearance, figure, and aura of the Gate Jin Heavenly King. The Primeval Dragon Gate has indeed fallen into his hands. Perhaps this person has not awakened yet, but there are definitely traces of his aura. How could there be none? " Visit Website