Chapter 13
==========

"You disappoint me."

Lou Baiyue said, "Men are most afraid of not being determined. Even in the face of adversity, one must not abandon oneself. When the heavens are about to bestow a great responsibility upon a man, it must first torture his will, tire his muscles and bones, and starve his skin. Don't you understand this?

If you are ambitious, I, Lou Baiyue, will definitely fulfill your wish. If you want to cultivate, I will give you the best pills and techniques. With my Lou family's support, you will not be inferior to any prince. However, if you have no ambition, then even if the Mandate of Heaven is with you, it will be useless. If you don't care about human affairs, where will the Mandate of Heaven come from? " "The Mandate of Heaven?

That's for other princes, it has nothing to do with me. Please don't drag me into this. "Gu Chensha was getting more and more afraid," I don't need your support either. Please don't harm me again. " "So you're saying that you're really going to be a useless piece of trash?"

Lou Baiyue's eyes were filled with disappointment, "I know that your mother is a princess of the Xian Dynasty and has many taboos, causing you to be timid and cowardly. The man that I, Lou Baiyue, am going to marry is an indomitable hero. Even in the midst of thorns, he can still talk and laugh. Wasn't the current Emperor an illegitimate child twenty years ago?

He was born in a lowly position and lived in a more difficult situation than you, but didn't he still defeat many opponents and rule the world? "

"I don't have the ambition of Imperial Father." Gu Chensha's eyes looked out of the window, as if he was lost in thought.

Seeing him being so careful, afraid of saying the wrong thing, Lou Baiyue also lost interest. After thinking for a while, her voice suddenly became louder, carrying a bewitching charm, "Since you are willing to abandon yourself, I can't do anything about it. Let me tell you, with your current situation, it is impossible for you to be safe. You can't even be a rich man. You can either rise up and fight vigorously, or you will be killed by a cup of poisoned wine. Do you think you have no chance?

Let me tell you, you are actually of the Xian Dynasty's royal bloodline, and it contains the power of The Great Spirit God's bloodline.

If I have a way to stimulate the power of God in your bloodline, your martial arts will improve by leaps and bounds! Let me ask you, are you willing or not! " "What? The bloodline of The Great Spirit God! "

Gu Chensha's breathing quickened as if he was convinced by Lou Baiyue's words. The Xian Dynasty's royal family was the descendant of The Great Spirit God, and the descendants of the Xian Dynasty possessed the bloodline of God in their bodies. However, it was very difficult to activate the bloodline. If the bloodline was activated by chance, they would be able to become a martial arts expert in a short period of time. However, this did not appeal to Gu Chensha at all. He knew that the time had come, and if he continued to act like a fool, he would appear to be too shrewd. An idea popped up in his mind, "Then what should I do according to your plan?" A real fool would be moved by someone's words and be good at being provoked. Now, Lou Baiyue was obviously testing his reaction.

"Oh? From what you've said, you still have some passion in your heart. "

A satisfied smile appeared on Lou Baiyue's face. When she saw Gu Chensha's blood rushing to his head, she knew that her words had worked.

"How are you going to help me?" Gu Chensha asked straightforwardly.

"This is a gourd of Essence Nurturing Pills, Constitution-Enhancing Pills, and Marrow Cleansing Pills. These are originally supplied by the royal family, so it's not that rare. However, you were embezzled from them, so I'll make it up for you." Lou Baiyue clapped her hands, and a maidservant came up with a tray. On the tray were three gourds and a small booklet.

"That booklet contains the secret technique of the Xian Dynasty's royal family, The Great Spirit God Technique. It's a technique between the Royal Grade and the Emperor Grade.

Rumor has it that after cultivating it, one's strength will be boundless, comparable to an ancient giant spirit. However, only those with the Xian Dynasty's bloodline will be able to achieve twice the results with half the effort.

This secret technique was obtained by my Lou family when we conquered the Xian Dynasty's capital. " "What do you mean by this?"

Gu Chensha was bewildered. "The The Great Spirit God Technique has already been stored in the royal family's library. Did you get my father's permission to do this?"

"Even if you try your best to catch up now, there's still a huge gap between you and the other princes. Only by cultivating the Giant Spirit Force can you make rapid progress and stimulate your Xian Dynasty bloodline.

Moreover, this thing belongs to you, so you don't have to worry. I've already reported this matter to the emperor in secret, and he has already agreed.

The Xian Dynasty's royal family is rumored to have the bloodline of the ancient The Great Spirit God. If you really cultivate the The Great Spirit God Technique and condense the Great Spirit God's bloodline to use the Giant Spirit Force, then you'll be a rare expert. "Lou Baiyue's tone was solemn.

"Alright, I'll accept it."

When Gu Chensha heard the two words' secret memorial ', he knew that Lou Baiyue was quite favored by the emperor, so much so that he had begun to entrust her with important matters.

Secret memorials were only given to favored and trusted officials. Any matter, big or small, could be written in the memorials. It wasn't recorded in the official records, and it couldn't be announced to the public.

He didn't expect that Lou Baiyue could actually obtain the authority to report directly to the emperor. Even the feudal officials might not have this kind of authority.

He asked his little godson to come up and accept the three gourds of pills and the booklet, "I don't dare to refuse a gift from the monarch's father. Since it's like this, I'll accept it?"

"That's good. Actually, your current situation is your own doing. If you worked hard and cultivated, you would have reached the Grandmaster Realm, obtained the emperor's appreciation, obtained merits, and established your own residence. How would you have ended up like this?" Lou Baiyue seemed to be trying her best to persuade him.

"Alright, no problem." Gu Chensha nodded without hesitation.

"Then it's a deal." Lou Baiyue said, "Servants, serve the banquet."

"There's no need for a banquet. I'll go back and practice my martial arts, and prepare to make a name for myself." Gu Chensha seemed to be really excited, and couldn't wait any longer.

"That's good. It's a good thing for a man to have such ambition."

Lou Baiyue gave him another look, "I see that you don't have much money in your pocket. Here's ten thousand, you can take it back first. After a few months, the emperor will bestow you a residence, and then you can settle down." As she spoke, the maidservant brought up another plate with a stack of banknotes in the middle.

The banknotes were golden in color, and there were beautiful cloud patterns printed on them. Unexpectedly, they had a faint holy aura.

These were banknotes made by the imperial court, and were produced by the Celestial Designer Institute. No one could imitate them.

Gu Chensha didn't stand on ceremony. He let his godson take the banknotes, and immediately disembarked. He boarded a small boat and quietly left.

Watching his back as he left, the maidservant said, "Miss, it seems that the nineteenth prince isn't stupid. He's really biding his time."

"No, his behavior shows that he's really stupid. If he was smart, he would understand the gap between him and the other princes. No medicine or cultivation can make up for it, especially the Great Spirit God Technique. Even the direct descendants of the imperial family had difficulty cultivating it, let alone him. If he's really smart, he just left in a huff and didn't want my gift. "

Lou Baiyue shook her head, "If that's the case, I'll have a whole new level of respect for him. Now, it looks like he's just pretending to be crazy and stupid. When it comes to benefits, he blinds his heart. I'm afraid that disaster won't last long."

"Sigh, I don't know what the emperor is thinking. He clearly wants to put Miss in an important position, but he gave Miss such a big problem.

The nineteenth prince will definitely be sentenced to death in the future. At that time, it will implicate Miss and even the Lou family. "The maidservant was a little lost about the future.

"Maybe this is the emperor's test for me. If I can't handle this matter well, how can I handle the affairs of the country in the future?"

Lou Baiyue said, "After the nineteenth prince receives my gift, he will definitely train hard in martial arts. However, he will definitely not be tolerated by the other princes.

If he is killed, then it will save a lot of trouble. If he can really avoid it, then it proves that he has the ability. "

"If he really succeeds in cultivating the technique of The Great Spirit God, I'm afraid he will really be able to occupy a place."

The maidservant's face was like a painting. She had a small mouth and a jade-like nose. She was also an expert and had a lot of wisdom. "The emperor is broad-minded, he will be able to accommodate the nineteenth prince."

"To successfully cultivate the technique of The Great Spirit God, one must stimulate the bloodline of the ancient The Great Spirit God. The royal family of the Xian Dynasty produced many talents, but not even one appeared in a hundred years. Otherwise, how could they have been destroyed by our dynasty? You must know that once the bloodline of the Great Spirit God is stimulated, one can communicate with the Giant Spirit God through sacrifices and obtain unparalleled divine power. If the Xian Dynasty had this protection, how could it have been destroyed?"

Lou Baiyue looked at the boats coming and going on the river. "However, I think the emperor's cultivation has reached an unimaginable level. As long as he obtains the Heaven Sacrifice Decree, he will be able to follow the path of the Son of Heaven and abolish the True God. Then, even if the Great Spirit God is an ancient being, he will not be able to use his divine power to break through the barrier of the world. He will not be able to manifest his divine power in the world, nor will he be able to obtain sacrifices.

"Miss, what are you talking about? Why don't I understand? "The maidservant heard Lou Baiyue talking to herself and was confused.

"These things are not something you can understand."

Lou Baiyue waved her hand. "I think this meeting with the nineteenth prince will not be able to be hidden from the other princes. After this, the princes will send people to ask about it. Send them away and tell them that I am in seclusion." "Yes." On the shore.

The little foster son carried the bag, but his face was full of doubt. "Master, why did you accept Lou Baiyue's things? Based on your personality, you should have endured it. "

"There are three reasons. First, if I had endured it and not been moved by benefits, then I would have been suspected. Lou Baiyue is smart and would have seen through it. I would only be greedy for small benefits and forget to keep a low profile. That would make me look really stupid. This is called blending with the light.

Second, I have learned other martial arts, but I can't reveal it now. Now that I am borrowing Lou Baiyue's gift, I can use it in a justifiable way and not be falsely accused. This is called beating someone at their own game.

Third, I wanted to see what Lou Baiyue and Father are thinking. Why did they want me to practice the Giant Spiritual Energy? "Gu Chensha thought deeply.

"Master is really far-sighted." The little foster son admired him from the bottom of his heart. "What about the pills and money?"

"With this money, we will have more money on hand. Ten thousand is not a small amount. Even the annual salary of a Jun Wang is not that much."

The paper money of the imperial court was very precious. One yuan could be exchanged for one tael of silver. Its purchasing power was very solid. "As for the pills, I don't need them anymore. I will give them to you to strengthen your foundation. There are some things that I can't handle personally, so I will have to rely on you.

The higher your martial arts, the better. I will go back and read this book carefully. If there is really something to learn, you can also practice it. "

Gu Chensha had learned the first move of the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art, the "Sun and Moon Shine Together", the "Sun and Moon Refining". He no longer needed to learn any other divine arts. However, the path of martial arts could be broad and profound. He could observe many martial arts and focus on one. Moreover, the "The Great Spirit God Art" was rumored to be created by an ancient giant.

That ancient giant was the protector of the ancient Son of Heaven. It might have something to do with the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art.

Returning to the courtyard of the imperial palace, Gu Chensha flipped open the "The Great Spirit God Art". What entered his eyes was a lifelike giant. His muscles were tight and his fists were clenched tightly. His shoulders were wide and thick, as if he had endless energy.

On this giant's body, there were dense acupoints and meridians. There were diagrams of how to circulate energy. Other than that, there were small words beside it that explained many cultivation methods.

This cultivation was not about martial arts moves. It was about meditation, spiritual training, and training one's willpower.

Gu Chensha's martial arts foundation was very deep. After cultivating the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art, his mind became more agile and his wisdom increased. Now that he looked at the "The Great Spirit God Art", it was even more profound. He did not cultivate it. He only secretly experienced it, brewing and thinking.

The martial arts knowledge repeatedly tempered and settled in his mind. Finally, the essence came out and shone through his whole body. His martial spirit was intertwined with each other. It was like a spark, flickering non-stop.

After a long time, he opened his eyes. As the aura of his muscles and bones surged, he had already landed outside the window.

His left hand held the sun, and his right hand held the moon. It was the ultimate skill of the Sun and Moon Refinement.

His movements were elegant. Sometimes, he was like a falling autumn leaf, sometimes he was like a surging river, sometimes he was like a rocket, and sometimes he was like a falling comet.

The force of hardness and softness had truly reached the peak. His spirit could be said to be pure as snow.

After a long period of refinement, he felt cold and hot qi rising in his body at the same time. They collided with each other, like ice and charcoal in a furnace.

This was the critical moment of the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art's Sun and Moon Refinement.

He was in a daze, his mind wandering beyond the heavens, his spirit and flesh separating. It was as if he saw heaven and earth as a great furnace, all living things being refined within. Those that transcended were all the essence, while there were even more creatures that became impurities, sinking down into eternal damnation.

"Heaven and earth as the furnace, creation as the work, Yin and Yang as the charcoal, and all living things as the copper!" He suddenly understood a few lines of the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art.

Everyone was in pain and suffering. Those that could endure would stand out and become the essence of heaven and earth. Bang! Qi exploded in his body. He was like a butterfly breaking out of a cocoon.

His 100 acupoints all breathed in and out. There was a faint feeling of the Qi of Heaven and Earth entering his body. This was the sign of touching the "Dao Realm".

Of course, this was just touching. Once he had the "sense of qi", he was still far from the true Dao Realm. He could eat qi and abstain from eating food. He could live by absorbing the essence of heaven and earth. Once he did so, he would no longer be a mortal.

Mortals lived like flies and dogs all day. In the end, it was still for the three meals a day.

Even if it was an important matter of the imperial court, it was nothing more than to fill the stomachs of the common people.