Chapter 77
==========

The eunuch read the imperial edict. Gu Chensha immediately knew that this was the style of Heavenly Talisman Emperor. It was written in the vernacular, simple and straightforward.

When he finished reading, he saw Gu Chensha stand up. The eunuch hurriedly bowed, "Congratulations to Nineteenth Highness for being conferred the title of Royal Prince Chen. Behind you are the golden books and jade booklets, three hundred fire talisman spears, nine thousand pellets, three hundred pure gold White Tiger sabers, three hundred jars of Douzhan wine, and the title deeds for the two manors."

Conferring titles to officials was done with a golden scroll, while conferring titles to members of the royal family was done with a golden scroll.

"Men, give the eunuch a reward." Gu Chensha gestured, and a soldier took out a stack of cash and handed it over.

"Thank you, your highness." The eunuch did not stand on ceremony and accepted it in front of so many people.

This was a gift for a happy occasion. In the previous dynasty, eunuchs could only accept it secretly, not daring to make it public. But in Heavenly Talisman Emperor, this restriction was lifted. Officials and eunuchs could interact with each other as long as it was recorded and reported to the supervisory authorities. This was called a benevolent policy by many officials, and the eunuchs in the palace cheered.

"Old Nineteen sure has a lot of money. Did you see that? He even tipped the eunuchs a few thousand yuan." The Tenth Prince whispered to the Third Prince.

"He seems to have made a huge fortune."

The Third Prince immediately thought of the empty treasury in Peach County. He immediately knew that Gu Chensha had taken everything away, not even leaving a single drop for him to drink. Instantly, killing intent rose in his heart. According to his intelligence, there were tens of millions of treasures in the treasury.

Tens of millions was a huge amount of wealth. He was a prince, and his annual salary was only tens of thousands. Adding the many businesses in the manor, officials, and other illegal income, he only had about two million a year. This was considered a lot among the princes, but he still could not make ends meet. Sometimes, he had to borrow money from his mother's clan, the Fan Clan.

The princes looked impressive on the surface, but in order to fight for power, nurture talents, and establish relationships, mountains of gold and silver were thrown out. The accounts were extremely strenuous.

If he could get his hands on tens of millions of treasures, it would be equivalent to ten or twenty years of his income. He could do many big things.

"The imperial edict has arrived! Prince Chen, receive the edict. " Just as Gu Chensha put away the imperial edict and the golden book, another voice rang out.

"Another decree?" Gu Chensha was shocked and hurriedly prostrated himself on the ground. At this time, another wave of eunuchs came from afar.

"Imperial edict: Little Nineteen, I've read your memorial the other day. Since the Baoyu Kingdom has the heart to rely on us, I'll send you to handle this matter.

Once the war is over, you can go to the Baoyu Country to enlist them. If you can successfully accomplish this, it will be a great merit. "The newly arrived eunuch read out the decree, almost causing a huge uproar, causing Gu Chensha's heart to tremble.

Who would have thought that the memorial he sent two days ago would land in the hands of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor?

However, this was not unusual. The important memorials of the imperial court were all sent through secret and rapid channels, such as sparrowhawks or even faster 'telegrams'. This was the latest research of the Institute of Celestial Designer. Even if they were tens of thousands of li apart, they could send a message in an instant. That wasn't the most shocking thing, but the content was horrifying. They actually let him handle the matter of recruiting the Baoyu Nation.

To recruit a nation with a population of tens of millions was a complicated and messy matter that involved countless forces.

Not to mention the fact that the First Prince was overseeing the sea border and was eyeing him covetously, it would be strange if he didn't risk his life to handle this matter. There were also conservative factions in the Baoyu Nation who would definitely not agree to the recruitment. The Great Prestige Dynasty and various evil spirits were also watching. Many forces in the imperial court also wanted a piece of the pie.

Of course, this was also a great opportunity. If he could accomplish this matter, not only would he obtain the support of the Baoyu Nation, but he could also consolidate his prestige and accumulate great power.

In the eyes of many people in the imperial court, he had killed the four great devils and the barbarian Marshal.

If he could complete the recruitment of the Baoyu Nation, it would be completely different. It would be a 'great talent and strategy'.

The imperial edict said that this matter would be a 'great merit'. Although it didn't say what would happen if he failed, everyone knew that if he failed to accomplish this matter, the punishment would definitely not be small. This was the Heavenly Talisman Emperor testing his ability.

Of course, although this matter was difficult, the benefits were not small. At least with this authority, the other princes would not be able to openly interfere with the affairs of the Baoyu Nation.

Hearing this imperial edict, the Tenth Prince almost flew into a rage. It was the Third Prince who held him back. "Tenth Prince, don't act rashly. This is the imperial edict of father. If you go against it, no one can save you. Even your mother will be punished in the imperial palace." Only then did the Tenth Prince calm down.

"Your son accepts the imperial edict."

Gu Chensha stood up and rewarded the eunuch as usual. He then followed the Governor and the generals to the Governor's Manor in Sky Bearing Pass.

At this point, he was already a Prefecture Prince and was extremely respected. In addition, the imperial edict had rewarded him generously and placed him in an important position. Many officials treated him warmly and tried to curry favor with him. Some even secretly sent him gifts. Naturally, he rejected all of them. Now, he was not lacking in money.

He even rejected the banquet hosted by the officials. He said that a war was imminent and the soldiers needed to rest after marching for two days. Hence, he hid in the imperial envoy's residence and secluded himself to cultivate. After receiving the two imperial edicts, the first thing he did was to go back and offer sacrifices.

The imperial edict conferring the title of a Prefecture Prince contained a much stronger aura of the Son of Heaven than the one conferring the title of a Duke. This was especially so for the golden scroll, which was of utmost importance.

Returning to his room, he got Yi Ming to guard the door and forbid any unauthorized people from entering. He brought the imperial edict into the space of the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar.

Currently, the space of the sacrificial altar was filled with huge chests. He did not look at them as he had no time to tidy them up. He would think about it after he had settled down.

On the sacrificial altar, he gathered the two imperial edicts and the golden scroll together and once again offered sacrifices to the Heavenly Dao.

"Heavens above, your subject Gu Chensha offers sacrifices with the aura of the Son of Heaven …" Gu Chensha chanted silently in his heart. He hoped that he could communicate with the Heavenly Dao and feel what the Heavenly Dao was like. This would be very beneficial to his future cultivation.

However, he did not notice that the Heavenly Dao was operating. Other than the golden scroll and the golden scroll, the two imperial edicts started to burn. Following which, the space of the sacrificial altar expanded once again. The sun and moon projections became clearer and there were no other substantial changes.

However, Gu Chensha, who was on the sacrificial altar, could clearly feel that under the light of the sun and moon projections, his blood, qi, and soul were abnormally agile.

His entire body was light as a feather, as if he had become one with the light of the sun and moon. He was weightless. Cultivating the Sun and Moon Refining and Sun Moon Transformation was like this. Even when he used the Sun and Moon Annihilation, there was no danger of his meridians breaking.

"As expected, the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar has condensed a little more.

It's a pity that I haven't completely condensed it. The Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar can completely master the Sun and Moon Shine Together move. It's used for training. As for other uses, I can only read the ancient books and find them. "Gu Chensha pondered and guessed.

Under the light of the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar, the three moves, Sun and Moon Refinement, Sun and Moon Transformation, and Sun and Moon Annihilation, could be improved rapidly. This was something that could not be felt when cultivating outside.

Without the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar, even if others learned the Sun and Moon Refinement, Sun and Moon Transformation, and Sun and Moon Annihilation, they would only understand the surface.

In a trance, Gu Chensha felt that he had transformed into the sun and moon, traveling the world and grasping the operation of the Heavenly Dao, the changes of the four seasons, and the alternation of day and night.

"This body is not my body, the sun and moon are my body!"

After cultivating for a long time, such a sentence appeared in his heart. He woke up and looked around his body. He noticed that his meridians, blood energy, organs, and bones could be seen clearly. His body was pure flesh and blood, without any impurities or sickness.

With a thought, he retreated from the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar space and appeared in the room. He looked at his body and realized that the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales didn't appear on his skin. Instead, they were below his skin and there was a faint golden color.

In the past, when he cultivated the Sun and Moon Transformation, he would turn the excess energy in his body into the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales that appeared on the surface. If he cultivated his entire body, he would become a weird person with scales all over his body. It would be terrifying. But now, the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales were hidden under his skin and there was no trace of them.

"Yiming, come in." "Yes."

Yiming guarded outside the room loyally. When he heard the order, he entered right away. "Master, your aura seems to have been refined in a pill furnace. There are no impurities and the five types of True Intents are condensed. You are like a dragon in the abyss, about to fly into the nine heavens at any moment. If Master tries to enter the Dao Realm now, you will definitely succeed. " "You praise me too much."

Gu Chensha knew that he had benefited a lot but he didn't feel smug. He was still accumulating his Dao Foundations. "I am not prepared to enter the Dao Realm now. I will let him break through naturally."

He took out two cups from the table and filled one with water. "Look, I am this cup. Once it is filled, I don't need to break through and the water will naturally flow out."

After which, he poured half a cup of water into the other cup. He smacked the table and the water flowed out. "As for breaking through to the Dao Realm, one has to empty one's potential. Although the water comes out, the cup is empty." "Master actually comprehended this realm. Even I didn't see through it so clearly."

Yiming was shocked for the first time. "I only knew that the stronger the Dao Foundation, the easier it was to break through. In the end, a light poke would break it.

I didn't expect that I wouldn't even need to poke and it would break naturally. The Dao is full and there is still a foundation. " "That is to fill it with water. If you shake it slightly, the water will flow out.

In the end, it won't be as good as the natural flow. Don't underestimate this bit, it will be the foundation of your future achievements. "

Gu Chensha said, "In the future, every time you cultivate, let it break through naturally. It will be truly perfect and flawless. You will definitely be able to walk further."

"Master can comprehend this on his own. In the future, you will definitely become a celestial and a god." Yiming knelt down on one knee.

"Rise." Gu Chensha reached out. "How many hours have I cultivated for?"

"Master has been cultivating for a day. A few times, Lou Baiyue's maidservants came to look for you, saying that they wanted to discuss important matters with you. However, I told them that you were cultivating in seclusion and refused. Master, do you want to meet Lou Baiyue?" "That's good too. You don't have to go. I will go alone." Gu Chensha thought about it. "You lead the team. I have 243 people, don't let others infiltrate."