Chapter 255
===========

That day, the Heaven Talisman Emperor gave them the best treasure. Apart from the Nine-headed Saint Dragon Celestial Weapon, the most valuable one was the God Dragon Armor.

The Great Yongchō armor was split into normal armor, refined armor, spirit snake armor, war python armor, horned dragon armor, horned dragon armor, horned dragon armor, great dragon armor, king dragon armor, god dragon armor, and true dragon armor.

After wearing the horned dragon armor, one would be like a top martial arts master. As for the horned dragon armor, people at the third and fourth transformations of Dao Realm couldn't do anything to it. As for the great dragon armor, it could fly and even xiantian earth energy couldn't break through it. The king dragon armor was even stronger and even cultivators at the ninth and tenth transformations of Dao Realm couldn't break through it.

As for the god dragon armor, it even had mental suppression and could block mental attacks. Apart from that, its defense and flying ability were shocking too. Cultivators below Golden Core Dao Realm couldn't hurt it at all.

Even a normal person with no strength could come and go freely in front of cultivators below 18 transformations after wearing the god dragon armor. With such benefits, the other princes were really tempted by the Calming Xian Department.

"Let Fourth Brother wear the god dragon armor, I don't need it." Gu Chensha waved his hands. "Actually, I have the Dragon Gate defense which is far more effective than the god dragon armor.

As for the Sky Demon Blood Knife shard, I will keep it. It is good for refining my Demon Subduing Blade. "

When Gu Chensha obtained the Blood Melting Blade, he used it as a sacrifice to turn it into the Demon Subduing Blade.

On top of the Blood Melting Blade were the Human Demon Blood Knife, Earth Demon Blood Knife, and Sky Demon Blood Knife.

The Sky Demon Blood Saber was a peerless demonic weapon. It was rumored that in order to refine this saber, countless souls had to be sacrificed to the Sky Demon, attracting the supreme demonic will to attach to the saber. Man and demon became one, killing and stealing souls.

When it met an enemy, a blood light would flash and the enemy's flesh and blood would be taken away, turning them into a dried corpse. This increased the knife's strength. The knife could also turn into a blood demon, invisible and formless.

Gu Chensha didn't know where Lou Baiyue had gotten his hands on this shard, but when he thought about it, it wasn't all that strange. The Calming Immortal Department had already collected the taxes from hundreds of second and third-rate immortal dao sects. It wouldn't be strange to describe them as wealthy as a nation.

These immortal dao sects paid all kinds of taxes. Some were spirit liquids, some were medicinal pills, some were magic treasure fragments, and all kinds of wild beast carcasses and furs.

The Calming Immortal Department had to count them one by one, and then set up a trading company to sell them. At the same time, they also had to do business with the immortal dao sects, exchanging goods.

At present, under the management of Long Yuyun, Jade Frost Dew, Long Zaifei, Liu Yu, and the others, the Calm Immortal Department's trading company was already flourishing, almost suppressing the Scenic Martial Trading Company.

But now, Wu Dangkong had become the chief minister of the Upper Study Room and was in control of the imperial court.

"This Divine Dragon Armor is indeed profound, but it also has some shortcomings."

The Fourth said, "As for Nineteenth Brother, I think that your armor will transform into the Godly Dragon Armor in the future. Why don't we make full use of it? Let's refine it together and fuse it with your armor, perfecting it. When the time comes, it will become a precious treasure of the Celestial Calmness Department, and it will be immune to the attacks of Golden Core experts." "That's not all. Most importantly, we want to refine your Dragon Gate."

Lou Baiyue said, "After coming out of the Book of Divine Demons, I comprehended many principles. I don't need many Dharma treasures, just one is enough. This Divine Dragon Armor and your Demon Subduing Blade can be fused with the Dragon Gate and make up for the flaws. In addition, I have prepared many materials for the Dragon Gate." "This method is feasible."

Gu Chensha thought about it. "Everyone has devoured Demon Souls from the Book of Divine Demons and obtained many benefits. We can use the process of refining Dharma treasures to temper our Essence Soul. The Dragon Gate absorbs all kinds of Essence Qi and has the effect of refining. The Book of Divine Demons also has some understanding and research on the Primordial Dragon Gate. There are some parts that I can't completely understand, so we can study it."

The Book of Divine Demons contained many introductions and research on the Primordial Dragon Gate by ancient demon sages.

The Primordial Dragon Gate was rumored to be the origin of the demon race. As a demon, even a demon god wanted to find this door and enter it to obtain the secrets of undying.

The contents of the Book of Divine Demons were profound. Gu Chensha only memorized many of the Dharma spells and focused on studying the general principles and the 28 Constellations Fiend God Transformation. It was still too early for him to comprehend everything.

"Dragon Gate!"

Gu Chensha spewed out the Dragon Gate. With a shake, the door expanded. Astral Qi surged inside, mixed with stellar vortexes and many spaces. In the depths of the Dragon Gate, there seemed to be a cosmic black hole. Under his tempering day and night, the Dragon Gate had long undergone a new transformation.

"Demon Subduing Blade, King Dragon Armor!"

Gu Chensha threw his sword and armor into it. At this moment, Lou Baiyue also threw the Divine Demon Blood Saber fragment and Divine Dragon Armor into it. Following that, she took out many materials from her bracelet and threw them in.

At this moment, The Fourth flicked his sleeves and many jade, ores, and other materials surged into the Dragon Gate.

"Let's exchange our experiences from the Book of Divine Demons."

Lou Baiyue said to Gu Chensha, "You have already cultivated the Dao Realm Transformation 11 Soul Tentacle, so we can use Spiritual Sense to communicate. It is much more convenient and we don't need to speak. We can also understand all sorts of things about cultivation. "

There were many things in cultivation that could only be understood and not explained. Gu Chensha had cultivated the Dao Realm Transformation 11 Soul Tentacle, so when he interacted with Lou Baiyue and the others, the benefits to his cultivation were unbelievable.

When he taught others martial arts, he could use his thoughts to send the tentacle into their consciousness to send what he wanted to send in.

If he improved and cultivated the Dao Realm Transformation 12 Soul Snatching Technique, he would be able to control their consciousness and even search their memories to control them. This was how he used the power of god to do things step by step.

The three of them sat down once more and spread out their souls to communicate within the Dragon Gate. Each of them had a different understanding of the Book of Divine Demons. Now that they were gathered together, they were able to describe their own thoughts regarding the records of the ancient Dragon Gate.

The image of the Primeval Universe Dragon Gate that they had deduced appeared in their Sea of Consciousness.

"Xuanwu baby, come out and share your Primordial Dragon Gate insights with us." Gu Chensha used the Soul Tentacle to explore the ground and in just a short while, he found the Xuanwu baby.

The Xuanwu baby spread out its soul lazily, "In my inherited memories, there is the true Primordial Dragon Gate but it isn't complete. If we can find Vermillion Bird, White Tiger, and Green Dragon and find the shape of the Primordial Dragon Gate from their inherited memories, then this treasure will be completed."

In the Xuanwu baby's mind, the Primordial Dragon Gate was limitless. It swallowed the heavens, released dragons, and controlled billions of space. It was between existence and non-existence.

That mysterious intent and comprehension seeped into their minds and the three of them started to deduce. In the process of deduction, the three of them gradually reached a consensus.

"Xuanwu baby, help us condense the Dragon Gate," shouted Gu Chensha. Immediately, the Xuanwu baby released its power and blasted into the depths of the Dragon Gate.

The Dragon Gate contained many materials, including the Divine Dragon Armor, King Dragon Armor, Demon Subduing Blade, etc. Under the fusion of the four's powers, they began to melt and become one.

The Xuanwu baby's power was the greatest, while Lou Baiyue's power could destroy all things. Gu Chensha's power seemed to be able to mend the heavens.

Under the refinement, the Dragon Gate would occasionally expand and shrink as it shot out brilliant light.

"Go! Vast Thousand Mirror! 10,000 Miles Soaring Cloud Flag, Black Vast Dragon Ship! "

In the end, Lou Baiyue actually threw the Vast Thousand Mirror, Black Vast Dragon Ship, and 10,000 Miles Soaring Cloud Flag into the Dragon Gate. This alarmed Gu Chensha. "These three Dharma treasures are extremely powerful. How can they be integrated into the Dragon Gate?"

"Our Tranquil Immortal Department needs a true trump card. Only your Dragon Gate is suitable. This is a problem we have thought about long ago."

The Fourth also said, "If this treasure can be strengthened again, then when we encounter experts, we can rely on this treasure to gain a huge advantage."

"Black Vast Dragon Ship, Vast Thousand Mirror, and 10,000 Miles Soaring Cloud Flag are all treasures of the ancient Emperors. Each of them has their own mysteries. However, there are too many Dharma treasures. It's not good to be greedy. Why don't we really gather them together?"

Lou Baiyue's eyes shone. "This time, Que Ying 'er's matter gave us a wake-up call. Following the Emperor's seclusion, demons, devils, and ghosts began to disobey the authority of the imperial court. They even dared to sneak attack us. We have no choice but to gather our strength." Rumble!

As the three Dharma treasures entered, the Dragon Gate changed again. It was as if it had truly come to life. The Vast Thousand Mirror was influenced by the aura in the depths of the Dragon Gate. When it was pushed to its limits, it gradually turned into a bright light that looked like an eyeball, hanging in the depths.

As for the Black Vast Dragon Ship, it happily turned into a small dragon that swallowed and spat out changes in the depths of the Dragon Gate. As for the 10,000 Miles Soaring Cloud Flag, it turned into a stream of air within the Dragon Gate. It spun and flew everywhere, causing the speed of the Dragon Gate to become even faster.

"Celestial Soldiers of the Saintly Dragon!"

Lou Baiyue pointed again, and the nine Celestial Soldiers of the Saintly Dragon flew into the depths of the Dragon Gate. They sat in nine different positions and released a powerful force.

"What?

Even the Celestial Soldiers of the Saintly Dragon are integrated into it? "Gu Chensha was shocked." If that's the case, what will happen to the Calming Deity Bureau? "

He knew that if the Celestial Soldiers of the Saintly Dragon were to unleash their full power, each of them would surpass the power of a Golden Dan Great Dao expert.

"When the Celestial Soldiers of the Saintly Dragon were forged, they were made from the bones of the Ancient Dragon Tribe and a lot of Draconic Qi. They also carried the scent of the Dragon Gate from the Ancient Era. Other than that, with the nourishment of the Dragon Gate, these nine Celestial Soldiers of the Saintly Dragon will gradually reach their greatest power. Actually, within the Dragon Gate, the Celestial Soldiers of the Saintly Dragon can also refine all kinds of Dharma treasures. When the Celestial Soldiers of the Saintly Dragon cultivate within the Dragon Gate, they can gradually become one with the Dragon Gate, becoming the dragon soul that the Dragon Gate keeps."

Lou Baiyue said, "Actually, the Dragon Tribe is the Draconic Qi that sprays out from the Dragon Gate. When it comes into contact with the bodies of many Primordial Divine Beasts, they become dragons. When the Celestial Soldiers of the Saintly Dragon become one with the Dragon Gate, their power can be raised to the greatest. This is the most reasonable use."

Gu Chensha knew that if the Celestial Soldiers of the Saintly Dragon were truly stationed within the Dragon Gate, the Dragon Gate's Spiritual Qi would nourish them, and the Celestial Soldiers of the Saintly Dragon would circulate their Spiritual Qi within the Dragon Gate, constantly refining the Dragon Gate.