Chapter 130
===========

"I see."

Gu Chensha knew that power was split into three types. The power of flesh and blood, the power of astral energy, and the power of the primordial spirit, which was the power of the mind and soul.

The first five transformations of Dao Realm were brute force of flesh and blood. From the sixth to the ninth transformations, it was the power of astral energy.

When one reached the tenth transformations, they would start to nurture the power of the primordial spirit.

"Many celestial dao sects have some Sky Demon Relics, but they can't be used.

Of course, if one cultivates to an extremely high realm, they can slowly activate the essence energy in the relic. They can't absorb it themselves, but they can embed it on Dharma treasures, causing the power of the Dharma treasures to increase greatly. They can transform like ancient Sky Demons. "

Shi Zhongchan continued, "If you encounter a Dharma treasure with a Sky Demon Relic embedded in it, you have to run as far as you can." As the two of them spoke, they left the castle and walked into the market.

The weather was hot and the sun was shining brightly. However, the air was very humid. It was as if water could be squeezed out with a slight twist. It was very uncomfortable.

In the past, people couldn't live in the wilderness at all because there were poisonous insects everywhere.

Although it was still humid and unbearable now, the poisonous insects in the city had completely disappeared. There wasn't even an ant to be seen.

The market in the fief had also recovered its prosperity and was still expanding. Many houses were built, and there was an endless stream of people on the road. As fast horses galloped, there was an endless flow of goods.

A huge medical center was built, and many people went to see doctors. The smell of medicine wafted into their nostrils. Many insect corpses were dried in the square, and then many apprentices turned them into powder and made them into pills.

When they got close to the medical center, the air suddenly became dry. It was as if there was a force that kept absorbing the moisture.

This was a Fengshui formation called Turtle Absorbing Water. The Fengshui airflow would circulate with this formation and expel the moisture from the tail.

Gu Chensha and Shi Zhongchan walked into the medical center and saw some apprentices treating patients. In the innermost hall, Wang Zhi and Lan Qi were treating a few officials and nobles.

"You've been invaded by a tiny worm called the 'Heart and Lung Worm'. That's why you're getting thinner and thinner. It's useless to cultivate any martial arts. Even if you inject Innate Gang Qi into your body, it'll be difficult to expel it."

Wang Zhi carefully observed the noble who was as thin as a stick of firewood. "But it doesn't matter. I'll use the Blood Gu to drill into your body. In an instant, the Heart-Lung Worm will be eliminated."

As he spoke, he waved his hand, causing a blood-colored light to fly out. Countless blood-colored bugs burrowed into the man's skin. A look of pain appeared on the man's face, but then he coughed up a mouthful of blood. Within the blood were countless bugs wriggling about, and his face was filled with color. He seemed to be in a better state of mind.

"Alright, does your heart and lungs not hurt anymore?" Wang Ke asked.

"It's indeed much better."

The nobleman was overjoyed. "All these years, I don't know how many medicines I've taken and how many doctors I've consulted, but none of them worked. Who would've thought that you would be able to bring me back to life?"

"Actually, ninety-nine percent of the illnesses in the world are caused by bugs. Some bugs are tens of thousands of times smaller than a grain of rice.

In the medical section of the Heavenly Talisman Tome, there are records that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor called them germs, and we call them Dust Gu. The illnesses caused by these bugs can't even be treated with Xiantian Gang Qi. Only the power of gods can remove them. "

Lan Qi flipped through a book. It was the latest medical section of the Heavenly Talisman Tome. "This book is truly miraculous. The Emperor's wisdom is unparalleled, and he actually has a new perspective on the art of bugs. The contents are truly thought-provoking. After reading this book these few days, my understanding of the art of bugs has improved greatly."

As they spoke, they saw Gu Chensha walking in. They hurriedly stood up and knelt on one knee, "Greetings, Prince." "Rise." Gu Chensha raised his hand.

"Yan Qu 'e, you're here to see the doctor as well?"

Shi Zhongchan spoke to the patient who coughed out blood, "This time, this illness has been completely cured. In the future, it won't recur again. Back then, you were the disciple of the Yan Clan with the highest chance of stepping into the Dao Realm. Sadly, you contracted this illness, causing your martial arts to deteriorate instead."

"Brother Shi, don't tease me. I came to the Desolate Mountain Range to do business, and I accidentally contracted this illness." Yan Qu 'E seemed to be very familiar with Shi Zhongchan.

"Prince, this is someone from the Yan Clan. The Yan Clan operates many businesses, and they are most famous for their medicinal herbs. There are many medicinal herbs in the Desolate Mountain Range, but the Yan Clan has to purchase them in bulk." Shi Zhongchan explained.

Gu Chensha nodded. He knew that although the Yan Clan was an ancient aristocrat clan with a few hundred years of history and was proficient in medicine, they were actually helpless against this illness. On the other hand, Wang Zhi was able to cure it. From this, one could see how powerful the Gu Poison Sect was. It was no wonder they were one of the most terrifying sects in the evil path.

"Prince, we will take our leave first." Yan Qu 'E knew that Gu Chensha had something to say. Hence, he retreated with the other patients.

"If the Yan Clan works with me, I will definitely give you a discount."

Gu Chensha nodded. He looked on as the few of them kowtowed and left. He then looked at Wang Zhi and Lan Qi, "How is your cultivation?"

"Thank you, Prince, for giving us the Heaven Dew. Not only did we clear away the poison from the Gu Technique, but we also broke through and started to enter the five changes of the Dao Realm. If we can form Xiantian Energy, our Gu Technique will have a huge change. Our Gu Poison Sect mainly cultivates Life Gu and we aren't good at cultivation."

Wang Zhi said, "These few days, I have taught close to 100 disciples. But I only taught them how to make the Bug Gathering Pill. I didn't dare to teach them those evil things." "Very good, I saw that they use bugs to make pills and the effects are really good."

Gu Chensha flipped the books and asked about the sales. He then picked up a few pills and took a look. He knew that they were top grade pills.

"In the past, we hid and didn't have a chance to make pills. We have to thank Prince for protecting us. These few days, we bought large amounts of herbs from the outside and combined them with the Gu Technique to craft some pills that are only recorded in the books."

Wang Zhi picked up a pitch black pill, "This pill is called the Blood Cleansing Pill. After consuming it, it can wash away the impurities in the body and purify the blood and flesh.

When normal people eat grains, meat, and vegetables, there will be impurities in their bodies. If they aren't excreted cleanly, they will get sick and rot. After consuming this pill, all the impurities will be excreted and only the purest essence will be left. This will give many people hope to raise their cultivation.

Moreover, this pill is really easy to refine. There is a small Gu bug in the pill which clears the impurities in the body. Every three days, it is the same as clearing the poison. " "This pill is really good." Gu Chensha said, "Has the sales increased?"

"It has. Some of the Yan family's disciples have taken it and their cultivation has improved greatly. Their bodies are strong and healthy. The women and young ladies in their boudoirs have smooth skin and feel refreshed after taking it.

Therefore, the Yan family ordered a hundred thousand pills. "Wang Zhi said," Fortunately, there are countless poisonous bugs in the wilderness. Otherwise, we really wouldn't be able to make it. " "This is turning waste into treasure."

Gu Chensha was very happy because this was a way to make money and other fiefdoms could not imitate it. "In the future, this medical center will have to expand. If you lack money or manpower, you can tell Little Godson." "Thank you for your support, Prince."

Wang Zhi and Lan Qi were very touched, "We are very satisfied now. We treat people every day, refine pills, and cultivate. No one comes to disturb or slay demons. If this can continue, we will really be immortals." "You are true cultivators." Gu Chensha was filled with respect, "I won't let any of you get hurt."

After inspecting the medical hall, Gu Chensha said to Shi Zhongchan, "The two people we recruited this time were really worth it. However, it's a little strange that the Barbarian Tribe from the Demonic Ape Temple hasn't attacked us these days." "Based on the intel I got, they might attack at any moment."

Shi Zhongchan's expression became solemn, "Not long ago, the highest leader of Ape Demon Temple, Yuan Shasheng, personally went to meet dozens of barbarian kings for a meeting. The reason why they haven't attacked is because they are waiting for a chance. " "Waiting for what chance?" Gu Chensha asked.

"The Emperor's worship."

Shi Zhongchan's expression was really bad, "If something happens during the worship, then it will be a little problematic."

"Brother, you seem to have reached Dao Realm Transformation Eight?" Gu Chensha changed the topic. He had thought about this topic many times but there was nothing he could do.

"If I consume the Seven Saint Heart Training Pill and still can't reach Dao Realm Transformation Eight, then I will really be ashamed." Shi Zhongchan was really conceited when he said those words. Peng! Peng! Peng!

At that moment, Liu Yu and the other four and a bunch of soldiers chased dozens of cows over. Those cows were as big as elephants and their bodies were snow white. The horns on their heads were blood red and their bodies were filled with vengeful energy. They opened their mouths and actually had sharp teeth. It was obvious that they didn't eat grass but flesh and blood.

The vengeful energy on their bodies was something that even poisonous bugs didn't dare to get close to.

"King, there are strong barbaric bulls passing by. I led the soldiers to capture them and we managed to capture dozens of them." Liu Yu flew over.

"You reached Dao Realm Transformation Two?"

Gu Chensha looked at his movement technique and knew that he had broken through once more. In terms of realm, he was on the same level as him.

"It is all thanks to King's nurturing."

Liu Yu and the other four's swords became more and more exquisite, "We are using sword energy to restrict these bulls, but we can't restrict them for long.

Once they break free, they will go crazy. Even a Martial Path Grandmaster would find it hard to suppress them, but they would hurt and even eat people. "