Chapter 680
===========

Next, Gu Chensha will seize the position of Lu God step by step. This way, Longevity God's cultivation will reach the limit and he will be able to better contribute to the Calmness Immortal Department.

If Longevity God obtains three True God positions, with his luck and cultivation speed, he will soon have great strength, which will be very useful in the battle against the Xing Qiong Clan.

Of course, this is also killing two birds with one stone. It can also destroy Wan Senshi's plan in the desert. The reason why Wan Senshi attaches so much importance to Jing Fanxing and gave him all kinds of treasures, is actually for the sake of the Desolate Desert.

"Your Highness, then shall we go find Jing Qiu now?"

Longevity God Zhang Sanquan is also a bit eager. After obtaining the Longevity God and Blessing God positions, he has a kind of sick pursuit for Lu God's True God position. Although he is called Zhang Sanquan, he is still "Wu Lu".

"But Your Highness, Jing Qiu's plan is very big. He seems to want to control the Desolate Desert's Heart. This way, he will be able to have invincible power. In fact, this is what Wan Senshi is planning. The small Holy Sama Empire is no longer in his eyes. " Longevity Immortal spoke his opinion.

"Not bad, for you to speak of this ancient secret shows your sincerity. You have already completely connected with our luck. Helping us is helping yourself." Gu Chensha is very gratified.

The entire desert is called the Desolate Desert. It is the opposite of the Desolate Desert. The Desolate Desert has many plants, while the Desolate Desert has no life. However, in the depths of the Desolate Desert, there are many mysteries. Since ancient times, the Desolate Desert, the Desolate Desert, and the Desolate Sea.

The Four Desolate Lands include the Divine Continent. Outside of the Four Desolate Lands, there are many vast lands, but the Four Desolate Lands are extremely mysterious. Rumor has it that those who can obtain the recognition of the Four Desolate Hearts will have great achievements.

Gu Chensha is very clear about this. The Dharma Saint cultivated Gu Changjian to infiltrate the Barbarians.

Now that he has started to establish his regime, he wants to rely on this to obtain the Desolate Heart, then devour the entire Desolate Continent and integrate it into his own world. This way, his world will have unlimited power. Wan Senshi is also thinking of this. The Desolate Sea is the boundless sea. The Desolate Sea has a master in the past and had the power to overturn the world.

In short, the Heart of the Four Desolates existed in the depths of the Four Desolates. The importance of the Heart of the Four Desolates was only below that of the Primordial Dragon Gate, the Heaven-Offering Decree, and the Primordial Tree.

Any one of the Four Great Wilds' hearts contained a tremendous amount of power. If a minor dimension obtained one, it would immediately rise to the peak of a medium-dimension, infinitely close to a major dimension.

If Immortal Master Wan could obtain the complete heart of the four desolates, then he could become the first living being in history to break through to the Heaven's Primal realm. He would be able to condense his own world, and at that time, his cultivation would reach an inconceivable level.

"I know what Immortal Master Wan and the Dharma Sage are thinking. You don't have to worry about it."

. "Gu Chensha waved his hand." Put away the Prehistoric Civilization's plate. Let's go to the Desolate Sea and find Jing Qiu. "

"Your Highness, I can't absorb this plate with my World Force. It seems to be connected to the entire sea." Longevity God hurriedly said.

"Is that so? We are in the middle of the sea, and the Sea Eye is inside the Desolate Sea. "

Gu Chensha said. "This plate is a relic of the Prehistoric Civilization. This civilization relies on external objects, which is no small matter. If developed to the extreme, it would be on par with our Immortal Dao Civilization. You are already a Sage. You can operate the Heavenly Dao and create a world, but you can't even pick up this plate. From this, it can be seen that this treasure is something that surpasses the Empyrean Realm." While talking, Gu Chensha's thought seeped in. He is using the Heavenly Dao Technique.

The Heavenly Dao Technique is a mysterious technique that controls everything. It's a supreme technique, a supreme technique, and a supreme technique.

This technique, combined with Gu Chensha's current strength and his comprehension of countless truths, seeped into the plate and began to circulate, penetrate, and peek at the fundamental mystery of the plate.

Longevity God's expression changed once again. In his eyes, the plate, which didn't budge no matter how he tried to absorb it, began to shrink. Strange fluctuations spread out from it, and he could vaguely hear the sound of a Cosmic Tide. That's right, this is the terrifying Cosmic Tide. Even an existence on the level of Immortal Master Wan was extremely afraid of the cosmic tide. But this plate can actually give birth to a Cosmic Tide? Whoosh!

After another half a month, Gu Chensha's condensation of the plate came to an end. He suddenly waved his hand, and the huge plate completely shrank and fell into his grasp.

"So that's how it is."

Gu Chensha looked at the plate and saw that it seemed to be broken, with only a small part remaining. He slowly said, "Longevity God, you really are an existence with great destiny, to be able to obtain something like this. I used the Heavenly Dao Technique to seep into it and refine it for half a month. Only then did I discover some secrets and information. Originally, this item was created by the prehistoric civilization to pass the great calamity of the apocalypse. It's called the Epoch Plate. Sadly, before it could be created, the world changed. The prehistoric civilization disappeared, and the prehistoric civilization was born, followed by the Primeval Age and the Immortal Dao Civilization. The Epoch Cruiser was destroyed, and we only got a small piece of it.

But it still represents the highest technology of the prehistoric civilization. As long as I can decipher it, I can comprehend some of the mysteries of the prehistoric civilization. The fragment itself has immense power, and if placed in a dimensional world, it can activate some of the mysteries of the Cosmic Tide. I can use the magic of the immortal dao to refine it into a treasure, and it might even pose a threat to the Xing Qiong Clan. "

"I can't believe this treasure has such an origin. In that case, the Celestial Calmness Department's destiny will increase even more."

Longevity God's expression was one of gratification. His destiny was now connected to the Celestial Calmness Department, and for his own sake, he wanted the Celestial Calmness Department to prosper. That was Gu Chensha's dao of destiny.

"This is your destiny," Longevity God said. "In the future, you'll have even more good fortune to come across. After the great calamity, the black energy consumed the sun, causing it to waver and give birth to the Lord of the Sun-Moon.

Whoever becomes the Lord of the Sun and Moon first will have a greater destiny than the Celestial Calmness Division. In the past, the Celestial Calmness Division was nothing more than a tiny government office, unremarkable and unremarkable. Many of the powerful figures didn't care about it at all. But at that time, I managed to gain the support of the Lord of Seven Stars. Because of that, my destiny grew rapidly, and now I've finally become a dimensional realm. For the peace of the world, we need to obtain the Lord of the Sun-Moon to increase our destiny. "

"I've researched this, but I can't divine the location of the Lord of the Sun-Moon's birth. According to what I know, Wan Senshi and the Celestial Lord have joined hands to capture the Lord of the Sun-Moon," said Longevity God.

"I already have some ideas about this." Gu Chensha flew into the air and tore through the void. "Let's head into the Desolate Desert first." Longevity God also tore through the air and followed behind Gu Chensha. At this time, within the Celestial Calmness World.

The Dharma Saint was sitting there, as if he was divining all things. The Celestial Calmness Department's dimensional world was growing larger and larger. Many experts were flying around, and it seemed like a prosperous place.

Next to the Dharma Saint was another person. He was handsome, unrestrained, arrogant, and wild. He looked down on all the heroes in the world. It was Fa Wuxian.

At this moment, Fa Wuxian's realm actually broke through and he reached the Dao Realm Transformation 29, Comprehend Chaos Realm.

The Dharma Saint seemed to have injected many treasures into his body, allowing him to quickly raise his cultivation while also consolidating his foundations. Honglong!

A giant explosion spread out from Fa Wuxian's body. The space around his body shook and the entire space turned into a world. Creating a world. Dao Realm Transformation 30. Fa Wuxian had turned into God Realm.

"Hahaha, thank you, Old Ancestor. I have finally reached God Realm. From now on, I can do whatever I want in the world."

Fa Wuxian gathered the World Power and retracted it into his body. A small world rotated in his body to provide him with huge power.

Innumerable streams of chaotic energy descended from the sky and entered his tiny dust world, transforming into some mountains, rivers, and the like.

"Gu Chensha, you are just at Dao Realm Transformation 28, Vacuum Shattering. You can just condense your own space. I have finally walked in front of you.

Once I cultivate once more, I will kill you and let everyone in the world see that you are just a piece of skin. "

Fa Wuxian also had his own thoughts. He was a proud and arrogant person, and he had suffered a great loss at the previous court meeting. He had to compensate for the Law Enforcement Blade that the Warlock Saint had given him. This was a great humiliation to him.

"Although Gu Chensha's realm isn't as high as yours, if you fight, even if he doesn't use his medium-sized world power and just relies on his own strength, you won't be his match. Remember not to be arrogant. "

The Dharma Saint warned, "This person's cultivation has reached a level where he has comprehended the essence of things. Not to mention you reaching God Realm, even if you improve and reach the Saint Realm of the 33 Transformation Truth Saint Heart, you won't be able to do anything to him. He will be able to suppress and kill you." Fa Wuxian's aura slowly weakened, "Dharma Saint, then what should I do now?"

"You are a magnanimous person." The Dharma Saint said, "You were born a Saint and you were born into the world.

"As for Gu Chensha, he is a chess piece that Ancient Treading on Immortals had set up. He defies the heavens, opposes the Dao, and steals the will of heaven. You can't do anything to him for now, but given time, you can fight him for a long time, and you will definitely be able to obtain great karmic luck. The Dao of heaven needs people like you to support the will of heaven. This is your foundation. "