Chapter 785
===========

Gu Chensha was communicating with Honghuang Dragon Sect. Honghuang Dragon Sect had its own will, that was something he believed in.

However, The Great Spirit God seemed to have been recognized by Honghuang Dragon Sect's will. It definitely wouldn't be easy to change Honghuang Dragon Sect's mind.

Luckily, as long as Gu Chensha didn't enter, he wouldn't be able to do anything. Even Honghuang Dragon Sect wouldn't be able to do anything to him.

"Gu Chensha, do you dare to enter?" At that moment, the God Land Gourd beside him buzzed. This was Xing Qiongshi's will.

"Xing Qiongshi, don't try to provoke me. This move is useless." At that moment, Gu Chensha's cultivation base was much stronger compared to when he was refining Xing Qiongshi.

This was because he swallowed The Great Spirit God's curse and turned it into merit. It brewed in his body and showed signs of forming a Truth Saint Heart.

In his body, the giant World Energy and the ideals deep in his heart slowly gathered into two. One was as clear as the sky and the other was like a burning prairie.

Naturally, this was formed from the Common People Heaven Mending Technique and Common People Heaven Transforming Technique. The two turned into a Pill Heart. The light of the Pill Heart surpassed the sun and moon.

However, it hadn't fully formed yet. Once it did, Gu Chensha would step into the Saint Realm and form a Truth Saint Heart. He had already started to form it. With his current strength, he would be able to use Saint Path Power to suppress Xing Qiongshi such that he couldn't move at all. Right now, Xing Qiong Shi could only rely on his mouth to do what he could.

"Gu Chensha, if you can totally make Honghuang Dragon Sect yield, then I will respect you. In the future, it won't be a problem for me to be your subordinate. After all, although I am the top fierceness of God Land and killed the ancient Son of Heaven, compared to Honghuang Dragon Sect, I am far from enough." Xing Qiongshi buzzed.

"Are you saying this for the Dragon Sect of the Untainted Universe?"

Gu Chensha's tone did not fluctuate at all, "The Untainted Dragon Sect will never allow any existence to subdue him. He is an existence that stands at the highest point of the heavens and realms. This time, I came here to cooperate with him, to eliminate his sins, so that his sins will be added to me. Also, don't be deceived by The Great Spirit God. Only my ideals are truly in line with the ideals of the Untainted Dragon Sect, and I can join our camp."

As Gu Chensha spoke, his will flowed into the depths of the Primal Dragon Sect, allowing the will of the Dragon Sect to understand him.

However, after circulating his will for a long time, there was no movement from the depths of the Primeval Desolate Dragon Gate. It seemed to be silent.

Generally speaking, if any other old-timers had dared to sit at the entrance of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, they would have long since been devoured. But now that the will of the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate could sense how extraordinary Gu Chensha was, there was no way it would believe Gu Chensha's words. The Great Spirit God was definitely hiding in the Untainted Dragon Gate. Gu Chensha was certain.

This time, Gu Chensha decided to use peaceful means before resorting to force. He stood at the entrance of the Raging Desolate Dragon Sect, and the first thing he wanted was to get the Raging Desolate Dragon Sect to give up on the Mighty Miracle God. This way, the Mighty Miracle God would lose his greatest reliance, and it would be easy for Gu Chensha to kill him. Of course, he wanted to obtain the curse and sins of the Untainted Dragon Gate.

"The Untainted Dragon Gate, you should know my authority."

Gu Chensha said again, "My means, my power to unify the divine continent, you will definitely be aware of it. In addition, you should have seen my father suppress the Heavenly Dao.

The Great Spirit God is a cunning person. With your wisdom, if you can't understand him, you can't be such a great existence.

Now, I have three rules with you. First, you expel The Great Spirit God, and I will help you eliminate all your sins. The Great Spirit God can't do that.

Second, you and I will cooperate. We will fight against the Heavenly Dao together and establish a new order after the Heavenly Dao collapses.

Third, I will even help you improve. You are in the Tianyuan Realm. If you want to advance, you must replace the Heaven Realm. If you can help me, in the future when the Heavenly Dao collapses and the Heaven Realm falls, you will be the real Heaven Realm. How about that? " Gu Chensha kept transmitting some things from his spirit into it. At this time, there was finally movement in the depths of the Untainted Dragon Gate. Rumble!

There seemed to be billions of Divine Thunder bursting out from inside, and the sound was loud. It rushed out of the door and hit Gu Chensha. Crackle, crackle!

Gu Chensha saw countless Dragon-shaped Divine Thunder the size of dust. They surged out and all hit his body. The Dragon-shaped Divine Thunder was three times more powerful than the dust in the Land of Ashes. Even a Celestial Venerable would die if they were hit by such an attack.

"Gourd, collect."

Gu Chensha didn't even look at it. He raised the Divine Land Gourd, and a mighty force of the Divine Land condensed into a whirlpool, sucking in all the dragon-shaped thunderbolts the size of dust.

"Untainted Dragon Gate, I came with sincerity. If you don't listen to me, then we will go our separate ways. As the saying goes, if business fails, benevolence remains." Gu Chensha said, "You can attack me, but so what?

The power of the Divine Land that I control is superior to yours. You don't think that you can compete with the Divine Land, do you? "

There was a hint of anger in Gu Chensha's tone. Even in the face of the Untainted Dragon Gate, he wouldn't show any weakness. At this time, the thunder in the Untainted Dragon Gate stopped.

In the depths of the Dragon Gate, a shadow gradually emerged, forming into a grey-robed old man. This old man had a vicissitudes of life, and there were many wrinkles on his face. He looked like the skin of a walnut, and he would die at any time. His body also emitted a smell of decay, which was the dust of history. This was really an antique that had walked out of the dust-covered history.

"Calm down, Chief Jingxian."

The grey-robed old man appeared, cupped his hands, and spoke in an old voice, "The explosion just now was not driven by the will of the Untainted Dragon Gate, but by the instinct of demonization.

The will of the Untainted Dragon Gate was envied by the Heavenly Dao because of the sins of the Heavenly Dao. Over time, countless curses and karma were stored in the depths of the Untainted Dragon Gate. These karma gradually eroded the body of the Untainted Dragon Gate, causing its will to become chaotic. Therefore, the Great Spirit God took advantage of it. In fact, it is now the 33rd year of the Heavenly Talisman. In the 36th year of the Heavenly Talisman, there will be a huge tribulation. The Untainted Dragon Gate, and even the Hong Meng Tree, will fall, so in theory, the life of the Untainted Dragon Gate is only two or three years. It is the same for the Hong Meng Tree. " "Who are you?"

Gu Chensha looked at the grey-robed old man who suddenly appeared, and his eyes narrowed, "If my guess is correct? You are the master of the North Star Dragon Gate? An existence born from the Untainted Dragon Gate? " "Chief can call me Untainted Old Man."

The grey-robed Untainted Old Man, who looked like he was about to die at any moment, nodded, "The North Star Dragon Gate is indeed my pet. In the Untainted Era, the essence of the earth gave birth to the North Star Dragon Gate. I once subdued it and made it submit, so it made me its master. However, now that it has been completely refined by you, there is nothing I can do. " "Untainted Old Man, why did you come out to see me?"

Gu Chensha did not believe this so-called "Untainted Old Man" in front of him. This person did not seem to be hostile, but who knew if he was in cahoots with The Great Spirit God?

He secretly used the Heavenly Dao to observe, and found that this Untainted Old Man's strength was only at the Heavenly Longevity Realm, and not at the Heaven Primordial Realm. However, this might not be the true strength of this Untainted Old Man. Old antiques of this level were even more terrifying than immortal lords.

"I agree with Chief, and am prepared to cooperate with you."

Untainted Old Man cupped his hands, "I hope that Chief can expel the evil in the depths of the Untainted Dragon Gate, awaken the will of the Dragon Gate, and expel the Great Spirit God." "Is that so?"

Gu Chensha looked at Untainted Old Man for a long time, "Is the Great Spirit God in the Untainted Dragon Gate?" "Correct."

Untainted Old Man nodded, "Right now, the depths of the Untainted Dragon Gate are divided into two parts. One is where I live, and it is still very clear. The other is the territory occupied by the Great Spirit God, and it has been completely devilized."

"Devilized?" Gu Chensha frowned, "As far as I know, the Great Spirit God does not have any devilish nature."

"Naturally, the Great Spirit God would not be devilized, but he has grasped the highest essence of the demonic dao.

He devoured the Voodoo Ancestor. The Voodoo Ancestor and the Demon Ancestor, or the Primordial Heart Devil, are actually two brothers. The two of them were born from the primordial chaos, and when the egg split open, the Voodoo Ancestor and the Demon Ancestor came out. In truth, ancient witchcraft itself is the Dao of the Demonic God. "

Untainted Old Man recounted ancient secrets. "In the era of the Heavenly Sons, the Voodoo Ancestor encountered a tribulation and was unable to recover.

In the end, he was devoured by the Great Spirit God, and the Primordial Heart Devil was the same. In the era of the Heavenly Sons, almost every generation of Heavenly Sons would fight against the Demon Race. Later, the Heavenly Sons gained the upper hand and conferred the title of God Maha, unifying the Demon Territory. That was actually built on the foundation of the Primordial Heart Devil's tribulation.

The Great Spirit God is a very cunning person. Some people know that he devoured the Voodoo Ancestor, but in truth, he used the strength of the Voodoo Ancestor to find the place where the Primordial Heart Devil perished. Then, he used the sacrifice and the power of the Heavenly Dao to weaken the Primordial Heart Devil, and then devoured it. In this way, he obtained all the essences of the Voodoo Ancestor and the Demon Ancestor, allowing him to open the path of Heavenly Essence. It was also because of this that he entered the Untainted Dragon Gate and stirred up trouble.

Did you not think about it? If the Untainted Dragon Gate did not have a problem, with this divine artifact, how could he not know the sinister intentions of the Great Spirit God?

Also, if there was no problem with the Primordial Tree, how could the three Heavenly Venerables, who are treacherous and cunning people, enter the Primordial Tree? " "Even the Primordial Heart Devil was captured by the Great Spirit God?"

Gu Chensha's expression changed slightly. In fact, his heart was not moved. He was just putting on a show for Untainted Old Man to see. "According to the legends, the Primordial Heart Devil does not have a physical body and only exists in the hearts of all living beings. How can it be captured?"

[Important notice: Please use this site's free app. No ads, no errors, fast updates, members synchronize with the bookshelf. Please follow the official WeChat account. Gegegengxin (Press and hold for three seconds to copy)