Chapter 191
===========

"Hahahaha …" Gu Huasha laughed out loud, "I have never seen such an arrogant person. It seems like the lesson from Red Cloud Profound Sect wasn't enough. Who gave all of you the guts to go against the Imperial Court?"

"I represent His Majesty, and I hold the token as if I were here in person. Whoever looks down on me is looking down on His Majesty, and the Crimson Cloud Profound Sect is being disrespectful." Lou Baiyue's tone became even colder, but Gu Chensha could already feel the overwhelming killing intent in her heart.

"Then let's fight."

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue communicated with one another. Their Xiantian Earth Energy became more and more nimble. He had reached the Seventh Transformation of Dao Realm and many exquisite techniques appeared in his mind. His fighting spirit boiled and he couldn't suppress it.

During this period of time, his cultivation had been rising and he wanted to use the battle to consolidate his foundation. He wasn't someone who was afraid of trouble.

"You three brats actually dare to spout such arrogant words. I don't want to talk to you anymore. Kneel!" Xiao Yan raised his hand. Honglong! From all directions, an endless force pressed down on him. This power didn't come from Xiao Yan himself but from an unknown power that came from nowhere. Pilipala!

Instantly, Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and The Fourth felt the air freeze like an invisible mountain was pressing down on them.

Without hesitation, a black and white lotus appeared above Lou Baiyue's head. It expanded in the blink of an eye. Within the black and white lotus, many runes and characters flickered and flickered, resisting the tremendous pressure.

The Fourth Gu Huasha's clothes fluttered in the wind like he wasn't afraid of this huge pressure. A mocking expression appeared on his face and it was as if he wasn't in this space anymore.

Gu Chensha activated the Dragon Gate in his body and the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy turned into a whirlpool. He was actually absorbing this huge force for his own use.

"Xiao Yan, take out your true ability."

The Fourth Gu Huasha said slowly, "You think you can suppress us with just this little bit of Feng Shui essence energy? You underestimate our Tranquil Immortal Department too much. "

"Very good, you actually have the ability." Xiao Yan sneered, "If you want to fight me, then don't blame me for being ruthless." "You talk too much." A bow and two arrows emerged from Lou Baiyue's black and white lotus.

"En?" Xiao Yan looked at the bow and the two arrows and suddenly roared, "Sword, come!"

A long sword appeared in his hand, and with a slash in the air, he actually made a move before Lou Baiyue. The sword in the sky was mighty and majestic, as if the entire world was occupied by this sword. Heaven and earth split open, the long river and the sun set.

Under this attack, the three of them were enveloped by the sword aura and had no chance to dodge. This was Xiao Yan's full-power attack.

Lou Baiyue's murderous aura was boundless, and her Innate Upstanding Qi was burning like black and white flames. Gu Chensha's Demon Subduing Blade was also bursting with the light of the sun and the moon. The Fourth had his hands behind his back, and a pearl was faintly discernible between his eyebrows. It seemed that he was about to show his true strength. But at this moment, a figure flashed into the sword aura.

This figure cut into the sword aura, and with a pinch of two fingers, the sky full of sword light disappeared. The sword was pinched by her, and Xiao Yan couldn't retract it. This figure was a woman.

"Duke of Mei, Xi Chou." When Lou Baiyue saw this woman appear, she retracted her Innate Upstanding Qi.

This person was Duke of Mei, Xi Chou, who guarded the border of Eastern Wilderness and dealt with the Celestial Dao Sects. She was a trusted aide of Heavenly Talisman Emperor, and one of the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises.

Gu Chensha and Gu Huasha also retracted their strength, and they waited to see how Duke of Mei would act.

"Heaven and Earth Eight Strikes, Chasing Three Thousand Waves, Central Blazing Flame, protect my longevity."

Xiao Yan's sword was pinched by Duke of Mei, and his eyebrows were raised. His entire body was covered in flames, and he suddenly pulled out his sword.

Duke of Mei, Xi Chou didn't stop him. He released his fingers and bowed slightly. "Greetings, Princess Yuefu, Prince Chen, and Prince Hua." "Duke of Mei, you don't have to be so polite."

Lou Baiyue remained calm. "Duke of Mei guards the Eastern Wilderness, and you were given the responsibility of supervising the Celestial Dao Mystical Sect by the emperor. This time, Chi Xiao Mystic Sect was rude to the emperor. What do you think, Duke of Mei?" "Kill them, of course!"

Duke of Mei, Xi Chou, said this casually, as if she didn't care about Chi Xiao Mystic Sect at all. She turned around and looked at Chi Xiao. "Xiao Yan, what do you have to say?" "Xi Chou, you've abandoned yourself!

You were originally the Supreme Elder of Chi Xiao Yan, and I've heard of your name since I was young. You're an old senior that's close to a thousand years old, but you're still infatuated with that little kid, Heaven Talisman Emperor, and left your sect to become his subordinate! You've shamed our Celestial Dao. "Xiao Yan stood with his sword, and his words shocked Gu Chensha.

This Duke of Mei, Xi Chou, looked like a young girl in her twenties, but who knew that she was an old antique that was close to a thousand years old.

The Heaven Talisman Emperor appeared out of nowhere, and he was only in his forties now. Compared to these Celestial Dao figures, he was indeed a little kid. Xiao Yan was also an old monster that was hundreds of years old.

"What do you know?"

Duke of Mei, Xi Chou's tone didn't seem to care at all. "Xiao Yan, since you're the Great Elder of Chi Xiao Mystic Sect and a rare talent, you should leave quickly. Three days later, go to Calmness Celestial Bureau to admit your guilt, pay the fine and taxes, and serve the people for three years, just like Elder Wangji.

"Xi Chou, you're courting death." Xiao Yan was furious.

"Sigh! If that's the case, then I can't protect you? "

Duke of Mei, Xi Chou sighed. "You're courting death. I'm not afraid of offending Chi Xiao Mystic Sect, because Chi Xiao Mystic Sect seems to have decided on a sect strategy to go against the Imperial Court. Since that's the case, this ancient sect that has existed for tens of thousands of years should be destroyed." "Wait." At this moment, another voice came from afar. The void split open, and dust exploded. A young man appeared, handsome and resolute.

The moment he appeared, everyone immediately retreated. Xiao Yan's expression changed, and Duke of Mei, Xi Chou's expression became serious.

"Grand Preceptor Wen Hong."

Gu Chensha recognized this young man. He was the former Son of Destiny, Grand Preceptor Xian Chao, Wen Hong. The two of them had chatted for a while, and Gu Chensha learned about his mother's past from him.

Wen Hong, Gu Chensha's mother, Ling Xing, and the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, Gu Taxian, were once companions. Just like the three people in front of him, Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and Gu Huasha.

The moment Grand Preceptor Wen Hong appeared, he immediately became the center of attention. Even the celestial cultivators, demonic cultivators, and even some hidden figures were suppressed by him. Li Wangsheng, Yuan Shasheng, and Luluha immediately retreated.

"Chensha, how about I discuss something with you?" Wen Hong appeared and looked at Gu Chensha.

"Uncle Wen, please speak."

Gu Chensha bowed slightly. The other party was his mother's good friend, and by right, he was also his elder. He couldn't be rude. Moreover, this person treated him well.

"I'll temporarily borrow this Buzhou Palace."

Wen Hong said, "I want to use the celestial apparatus to deduce where the giant spirit will be after reincarnation, and then find the remnant soul of Ling Xing. When I'm done, I'll return it to you. How about that?" "What?

You can deduce that? "Gu Chensha was shocked." If that's the case, it's impossible that Father couldn't deduce it. " "As the saying goes, the onlooker sees the game more clearly."

Wen Hong smiled. "The Great Spirit God and Ling Xing are important chess pieces for the Heavenly Dao to deal with Celestial Trampling. Celestial Trampling has many restrictions, and it won't be done in a day. I'm already an outsider, so I can beat around the bush and get some clues." "Baiyue, what do you think? You call the shots here." Gu Chensha asked.

"Grand Tutor Wen Hong, I know that you were once a good friend of the Emperor, and the Emperor has always cherished you. Why don't you work for the imperial court?"

Lou Baiyue cupped her hands. She knew that this person was a true expert. He was once the Child of Destiny, and his cultivation was earth-shattering. He was almost at the level of a god. Even the Sect Leader of the Immemorial 72 Mystical Sects couldn't compare to him. She had to persuade him nicely.

"We just have different paths."

Wen Hong waved his hand. "Lady Lou, I don't want to argue with you about this, and I'm not your enemy. How about I borrow this Buzhou Palace? "

"The Buzhou Palace has appeared, and we can't take it. Even if we give it to the Grand Tutor, will he be able to take it?" The Fourth Gu Huasha suddenly spoke.

"I still need to borrow something from Lady Lou." Wen Hong nodded.

"Is it the Vast Thousand Mirror?" Lou Baiyue had an idea.

"That's right."

Wen Hong smiled. "The Vast Thousand Mirror and Zhou Tian Yi are two great treasures for divination. They are mutually attracted to each other. You being able to obtain the Vast Thousand Mirror is a scheme for Celestial Treading, and it also shows your fate. This Buzhou Palace will definitely belong to you in the future."

"The Vast Thousand Mirror is a treasure, and I can't lend it to others. This is common sense." Lou Baiyue spoke the truth. "I think the Grand Tutor can understand."

"Of course I won't lend it to you for free. Tell me, and I will agree to a request that isn't too much." Wen Hong said.

"Oh?" Lou Baiyue pointed at Yuan Shasheng, Luluha, and Li Wangsheng. "What if I kill these three?"

"That's easy." Wen Hong looked at the three of them. "Do you want to commit suicide, or do you want me to do it?" "You …" The three's expressions changed!

"Brother Wen, if you want this Buzhou Palace, I'll give it to you. Why make things difficult for my child?"

A voice came from afar. Following the voice, a black vortex appeared behind Yuan Shasheng and Li Wangsheng, swallowing the two of them. Only Luluha was left.

"Since Brother Wanlong has made a move, there's nothing I can do."

Wen Hong shook his head and said to Luluha, "You barbarian, you caused trouble at the border and killed my people. I tried to kill you several times, but the Barbarian Saint stopped me. Now that the Barbarian Saint is sealed by Immortal Trampling, it seems that I can't save you." Luluha didn't even look and immediately ran. But just as he moved, Wen Hong grabbed him lightly. Kacha, kacha!

The space shattered and gradually condensed. Luluha's two bodies were completely frozen inside. Then, it gradually shrank and turned into a crystal ball, falling into Wen Hong's hand.

Wen Hong threw the fist-sized crystal ball to Lou Baiyue. "Miss Lou, that Yuan Shasheng and Li Wangsheng were saved by Li Wanlong. Li Wanlong is Immortal Trampling's father-in-law.

It's not good for me to fight with Li Wanlong. Of course, his strength is above mine, so I can't do anything to him. This barbarian is yours. Do whatever you want with him. " Wen Hong's earth-shattering means made everyone's faces turn ashen.