Chapter 951
===========

Pervading the Human Realm Chapter 948 Pervading the Human Realm

"I can't accept this, you b * tch!"

Long Xiangtian roared loudly. The feeling of being knocked down from the clouds into the mortal world was definitely not a good one. He had never thought that he would one day become an ordinary person.

"You reap what you sow."

Ji Ningsha looked at Long Xiangtian and Ye Qingyi, laughing coldly. "You don't even know how to name yourselves. No wonder you've met with a calamity. How about it? Gu Daoxian, you tried to divide us, but now you've failed at the last moment. "

The black-and-white young man, Gu Daoxian, shook his head. "Do you think that without Long Xiangtian and Ye Qingyi joining me, I won't be able to refine your Otherworld? Your thinking is far too naive. " "Dragonless Heart Technique, activate."

Liu Chansha's body moved, and countless runes immediately seeped into the Otherworld, causing the Otherworld's power to condense and shrink inwardly. It actually started to refine the sacrificial power that the black-and-white young man, Gu Daoxian, had infused into it.

Just like that, the great formation that the black-and-white young man, Gu Daoxian, had set up was infusing power into the Otherworld.

"Dragonless Heart Technique, what a good one!"

The black-and-white young man, Gu Daoxian's expression became cold. "Do you think that you can escape from me just like that? Since that's the case, I'll let you see my true power. "

He spread out his hands, and a Heavenly Court suddenly appeared in his palms, as well as an Eternal World.

His left hand was the Heavenly Court, while his right hand was the Eternal World. No one knew what secret technique he had used to transform into such powerful existences.

Waves of power spread out from his hands, as if they were about to tear apart the Otherworld, destroy the cosmos, occupy the mortal world, and dominate the universe.

"You're …" Ji Ningsha and the others were all stunned.

"No matter if it's the Heavenly Court, the Eternal World, the Emperor Heaven, or Gu Chensha, they were all born from the Heavenly Way and the Gu Taxian. Therefore, the Heavenly Way and the Gu Taxian are the source of the Heavenly Court and the Gu Chensha. I obtained the greatest source of variation, and from it, I deduced the secrets of the Emperor Heaven and the Gu Chensha. It can be said that as long as I gather power, I can completely create another Emperor Heaven and Gu Chensha. These two people are frogs at the bottom of a well, struggling in a swamp. Unlike me, who has already combined the essence and power of the Heavenly Way and the Gu Taxian, how can the two of them compare to me?"

The black-and-white young man, Gu Daoxian, activated his divine technique, causing the Otherworld to turn upside down. "My name is Gu Daoxian. It's because I've gathered the essence of the Heavenly Way and the Gu Taxian. I'm sure you all think that I'm too arrogant for choosing this name. Not only did I not take the fate energy, but things will reverse when they reach an extreme. However, this is not something you all can understand.

It's precisely because I'm not afraid of all tribulations that I chose this name. Even when the Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Way were at their peak, I had enough methods to suppress and kill them all. " As he spoke, the black-and-white young man, Gu Daoxian, laughed loudly. "Otherworld, break!" Rumble!

As the black-and-white young man, Gu Daoxian's palms moved, the Heavenly Court and the Eternal World grew larger and larger, as if they were going to occupy the Otherworld. Pu! Ji Ningsha, Liu Chansha, and the others coughed up a mouthful of blood.

They had never imagined that the black-and-white young man, Gu Daoxian, would have a technique like this. If that was the case, the Otherworld would not be able to hold on.

"Don't be afraid. He's just trying to scare us. Right now, he's using all of his power, and that's all he can do. Think about it. How could he surpass Gu Chensha and the Emperor Of Heaven? He only has a bit more Essence than we do. "

Liu Chansha worked hard to activate the Dragonless Heart Sutra. "Everyone, if we cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra together and transform our power, we'll definitely be able to stand against this fiend. This fiend is insane. Even if he refines the Otherworld, he won't be able to leave us behind. Rather than die, we might as well go all out.

The Dragonless Heart Sutra is a good thing, and it's not a bad thing for us to cultivate it. You're afraid that if you cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, you'll be controlled by that Gu Chensha. But I don't think so. If that Gu Chensha wants to use the Dragonless Heart Sutra to control all the living beings in the world … The Dragonless Heart Sutra isn't so mysterious. It's just so-so.

If Gu Chensha wants to create an unprecedented civilization, then the Dragonless Heart Sutra will definitely be open and aboveboard. Everyone can cultivate it, and everyone can use it to gain enlightenment of their own hearts. " "Good!

The Dragonless Heart Sutra is actually very widespread. Cultivators don't have to painstakingly search for it. In fact, the Dragonless Heart Sutra can be passed down in the Eternal World. Everyone can cultivate it. We've also obtained quite a few cultivation methods. Since that's the case, let's use the Dragonless Heart Sutra to control the Otherworld. " Immediately, everyone else activated the Dragonless Heart Sutra.

The power of the Dragonless Heart Sutra filled the entire Otherworld, causing it to writhe, and actually suppress the power of the black-and-white young man, Gu Daoxian.

At the same time, all of the injuries that Ji Ningsha and the others had sustained were completely healed. The Dragonless Heart Sutra seemed to have a special power that opened up their hearts, the greatest power in the depths of their hearts. That power was boundless and without end.

"Haha, the Dragonless Heart Sutra is truly mysterious. This heart sutra opens up our own power in the depths of our hearts. Without the help of external objects, we can obtain true eternity, true indestructibility. Our ability to gain enlightenment is far greater than that of ordinary people, so our cultivation speed far exceeds that of ordinary people.

However, we won't be controlled by Gu Chensha. Our Otherworld, when the word 'otherworld' is used, it represents independence. " "Dammit, the Dragonless Heart Sutra!"

The black-and-white young man, Gu Daoxian, was clearly enraged. "Gu Chensha, you b * stard. To think that you created such a technique. You want to create a brand new era of civilization. I definitely won't let you succeed. You have to die. If I can't subdue the Alternate World today, I'll throw your Eternal World into chaos. I'll make all your subordinates die without a place to be buried. I can't do anything to you right now, but I can kill all of your subordinates at will. " "Is that so?" At that moment, Gu Chensha's Sand of Civilization suddenly spoke. As soon as Gu Chensha opened his mouth, crackling sounds could be heard.

An even more powerful wave of Dragonless power swept out, instantly destroying all of Gu Daoxian's spell formations. Yuan Gu, Dou Sheng, Pu Tuo, and the others were all pushed out. Even Gu Daoxian himself was sent out of the Otherworld.

"The Sand of Civilization! You! "Liu Chansha, Ji Ningsha, and the others were all shocked. Gu Chensha also left the Otherworld, and stood in front of Gu Daoxian.

"Gu Daoxian, you're quite bold. You actually dared to show yourself. Actually, given your power, if you were to hide and work in secret, you really could establish a major power. Unfortunately, you're too arrogant. Do you really think that just because you're a combination of the Dao of Heaven and the Grand Emperor, you can do whatever you want? You even said that you could create the Eternal World and the Heavenly Court, and even the Emperor Of Heaven and myself."

Gu Chensha shook his head. "As I see it, you're nothing more than a copy of Long Xiangtian. You've obtained a bit more of Essence than Long Xiangtian, but you're fundamentally no different. You still can't understand the profound truths. What a pity.

In that case, I'll strip you of all of your Essence, turning you into an ordinary person like Long Xiangtian. Then, you can meditate in the Eternal World, as long as you're willing to let go of your glory. If you train in the Dragonless Heart Sutra, you'll be able to return to your peak. " "Gu Chensha, you've finally appeared.

It's a pity that this is the Human World, not your Eternal World. You and the Emperor Of Heaven are arch-enemies.

Once you leave the Eternal World, your power will drop drastically. Without the support of the Eternal World, you can't do anything to me. "

The black-and-white youth, Gu Daoxian, looked at Gu Chensha in front of him. "You should know how great the Essence in my body is. It's far above yours. Right now, the only thing you can rely on is the batch of believers you've absorbed in the Eternal World. These believers are endlessly providing you with sacrificial power, allowing you to possess a tremendous amount of resources. When you created the Eternal World, you devoured the warships and systems of the prehistoric civilization, and you also devoured the Divine Prefecture and the Four Desolates of the original Heaven Realm to finally create this world.

"This is your trump card. I admit that if you were to activate the Eternal World, I would indeed not be a match for you. But right now, you're alone in this Human World, and you're being suppressed by the power of the Human World. There's also the Emperor Of Heaven watching you, ready to act against you at any moment. The true body of the Emperor Of Heaven is hiding in your Eternal World, ready to seize control of your Eternal World at any moment. Yet, you still dare to boast shamelessly to me?"

"Your analysis is clear and logical, but it's a pity that it's too idealistic." Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Since that's the case, I'll let you familiarize yourself with the Dragonless Cultivation Technique."

Gu Chensha didn't do anything. A long river of civilization appeared behind him. In an instant, this long river pierced through the various voids of the Human World. It was as if everyone in the Human World could see this long river of civilization. At this moment, the sun, moon, and stars in the entire Human World lost their light. Only Gu Chensha's long river of civilization remained. When all the living beings in the Human World saw this long river, they saw their own shadows within it. In this shadow, the fate of all living beings, the development of their future, and the principles of choice were all transmitted into the hearts of all living beings.

In an instant, almost all living beings in the Human World had the thought of cultivating the Dragonless Cultivation Technique.

Gu Chensha didn't tempt the living beings. He just placed the absolute truth in front of all living beings and let them choose for themselves. When all living beings saw the absolute truth, they would naturally be filled with respect and cultivate this technique.

The more people who cultivated the Dragonless Cultivation Technique, the easier it would be for the world to change. When that terrifying thing appeared in the future, Gu Chensha would be more confident in suppressing it.

Right now, Gu Chensha was most concerned about the birth of that thing. Everything else was put aside. The moment the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian collapsed at the same time, the tribulation would truly begin, and the terrifying existence would be born.

Therefore, he didn't plan to wait any longer and immediately refine the Human World. At the same time, he would also refine this black-and-white youth, Gu Daoxian, in front of him. He wanted to see what the Emperor Of Heaven was going to do. ..... The Divine Arms Battalion is now recruiting new members. The fourth QQ Group: Temple of All Saints. Group Number: 58214 O987.

Students who join the group can be invited to the Divine Arms Dojo to play and practice martial arts. They can also receive my birthday wishes, cakes, signed books, and various other gifts. They can even appear on camera in videos.

Also, the Dragon Talisman book is about to be completed. Students who join the group can be the first to know about my new book. Don't miss it.