Chapter 912
===========

The human heart was the only thing Gu Chensha could not control. He could only guide them, but he could not make them be of one heart and one mind.

Of course, if everyone in the world was stripped of their arcane energy and turned into ordinary people, he could still achieve the greatest degree of unity. But this method was what Emperor Heaven and the future Heavenly Court would establish in the human world. But this was not his dragonless dao.

His dragonless dao was to allow all living beings to reach a supreme realm. Everyone was free and independent, but they did not interfere with each other, they did not harm each other. They could interact with each other as they pleased, but there would be no conflict or karma.

His dragonless dao was now at the peak of perfection, but it was still not feasible for him to use it to govern the world. This was because the hearts of the people in the Land of Gods and the Four Barren Yongchō were restless. Instead of being grateful to the Imperial Court, their hatred towards the Imperial Court increased.

Gu Chensha did not think that he had done anything immoral to the world. Instead, he did many things for the sake of the people. Logically speaking, he should not have done so, but the human heart was just this strange. The good and evil of the human heart could change quickly with a single thought.

"Gu Chensha, I did not think that there would be a time when you are at your wits' end."

Just as Gu Chensha was thinking about how to turn the hearts of the people back to the right path, a voice came from behind him. Gu Chensha did not turn around, but spoke slowly, "Peacock, it's you?

Not bad, not bad. You actually had such a fortuitous encounter, obtaining the origin of the Heavenly Dao and Imperial Father's collapse. This origin is not any smaller than Gu Chensha's. " The one who spoke behind Gu Chensha was Peacock.

The woman who was once Heavenly Talisman Sovereign, the daughter of the current Lord of All Demons, Li Wanlong, Peacock. Peacock walked out from behind him and stood face to face with Gu Chensha.

At this moment, Peacock was exuding a terrifying aura. It was as if she could tear the sky apart with a single move, destroy any continent, and toy with the world like it was nothing. But even so, in Gu Chensha's eyes, this level of cultivation was just child's play.

The dao of heaven and Gu Taxian clashed against each other. Their powers fused together, and the fused essence continued to descend into the world. If someone could obtain it, they would be able to reach the heavens in a single step, and reach a level that even the almighty beings of the ancient times would never be able to reach in their entire lives. For example, Gu Tiansha, Long Xiangtian, and that woman surnamed Liu. Now, the peacock had also obtained it.

In Gu Chensha's eyes, Peacock was already at Ethereal Cultivation and seemed to have some powerful trump cards, but it posed no threat to Gu Chensha.

If Gu Chensha wanted to make a move, he could easily extract all of Peacock's power and turn her into a normal person.

"Peacock, did you come to find me because of the demon clan?"

Gu Chensha looked at Peacock and said, "You should be the new Lord of the Thousand Demons. However, the demon race is also living in the dark. Are you planning to lead the endless demon race into the Four Barrens of China?" "Yes, that's why I came to find you."

Peacock said, "The demon race is also one of the living beings. Humans aren't the only living beings. Right now, many of the demon race are dying. Only by bringing them all into the Four Barrens and the Divine Continent can the situation be alleviated."

"All of the demon race?" Gu Chensha smiled, "Do you know how many demon race there are in the Heaven Realm?

Billions of times more than humans. Most of the demon race eat raw meat and drink blood. If all of them enter the Four Barrens and the Divine Continent, there will be a lot of chaos. The Four Barrens and the Divine Continent won't be able to handle it. " "Is that so? I think with your mana, you can definitely expand the Four Barrens and the Divine Continent. "

Peacock said, "Also, can't you see that the people under your rule have completely changed their minds. Their power is increasing too quickly, and they want more things. You can't satisfy them at all. In the end, their greed will completely drown you. This isn't your fault, it's their fault.

Your mana is increasing very quickly, but it can't keep up with the speed of their desires. This is something that you can never win against. No one can solve this problem, not even the Heavenly Dao.

So, we can work together. I will lead the demon race into a great purge. Those people will only think of you when they encounter a disaster.

Why did the Heavenly Dao create the demon race? It's because the demon race can suppress the hearts of humans. They are in a state of balance. What do you think? " "Create a disaster?"

Gu Chensha smiled, "If I do this, how is it any different from the Heavenly Dao? All the disasters now are created by the Heavenly Dao. I am trying my best to maintain the situation." "But look at the voices of the people."

Peacock pointed at the countless people, the ones walking on the ground, the ones flying in the sky. "Most of these people believe that the Heaven Realm's calamity was caused by you. You have consumed the sun and moon to destroy the world for your own gain. This kind of belief is deeply rooted. Many of them have formed a secret alliance to deal a fatal blow to the Imperial Court. Do you feel that the fate of the country is slowly declining?

This means that everything you are doing is wrong. Only the future model of the Heavenly Court can ensure a long period of peace.

We will use the good things of others. This is the essence of your Dragonless Heart Sutra. If not, your Dragonless Heart Sutra would not be able to grow to such a state. If you don't lead the demon race and bring disaster to the world, with your current model, you will only fall into the state of being abandoned by your friends and family. "" Peacock, your persuasion ability is too weak.

But you can join the Imperial Court. I will give you a good position. You can let the demon race enter the Four Wastelands of the Divine Continent, but they must first cultivate the Path of Human Transformation in my Dragonless Heart Sutra, and then provide sacrifices. If the sacrifices are pure, I can let them stay. If not, they will be immediately chased out. This is the right to live in exchange for contribution. You said that I can't subdue the hearts of the people, then I will use the most fair and just method to formulate a strategy. From now on, every living being living in the Divine Continent and the Four Wastelands must have enough contribution points. That contribution point is the sacrifice and the power of the soul. How about it? "Gu Chensha had long prepared a plan in his heart.

The Heavenly Dao had given up on all living beings. Gu Chensha was now giving light to all living beings. However, the living beings did not understand. Then, Gu Chensha would let the living beings bear their own living space.

All living beings should be independent and self-reliant. This was a part of the Dragonless Heart Sutra.

"You … You will only cause more disturbances."

Peacock said in shock, "Then you will force every living being living in the Divine Continent and the Four Wastelands to have a set sacrifice every day. And the purity of the sacrifice must also be tested. Otherwise, they will be chased out of the Divine Continent and the Four Wastelands?" "That's right.

The Divine Continent and the Four Wastelands belong to all living beings. Everyone is on this boat. In the future, the Heavens and the Myriad Worlds will definitely collapse. The Primal Chaos will also explode. The Divine Continent and the Four Wastelands will be the only refuge. To survive, all living beings must contribute their strength. If they don't contribute, then they will not be able to save themselves. " Gu Chensha said, "The Demon race can also enter. Just follow my method. How about it?" "That's impossible."

Peacock stared at Gu Chensha for a long time and said, "And this plan of yours cannot be carried out. You are forcing people to follow your rules and change their minds."

"I can try." Gu Chensha said, "Let's start with the Demon race. The Demon race can be used as a test subject.

Peacock, help me do this. First, move ten billion Demon race in. There are many islands in the Desolate Sea that are suitable for the Demon race to live in. " "What if I don't do it?"

Peacock frowned. She wanted to discuss something important with Gu Chensha. She was now the commander of the Demon race. But the Heavens was in darkness. The Demon race could not survive. They had to enter the Divine Continent and the Four Wastelands.

"It's fine if you don't do it."

Gu Chensha looked at Peacock, "You coming to me is the same as walking into a trap. You actually obtained a Source that is stronger than Gu Chensha. This is very beneficial to me. I will extract your Source directly. I will turn you into a normal person. How about that? " "How dare you!"

Peacock was enraged, "You took advantage of me when I created the Heavenly Mother Formation. Now, you dare to disrespect me. Don't forget, you are the son of Gu Taxian." "I will turn you into a normal person and let you live a happy life. What's wrong with that? Didn't I turn the Immortal Lord into a normal person too? "

Gu Chensha didn't care at all. "That's settled then. You go and do this now. First, bring all the god-level masters of the Demon Clan to the imperial court and let them be under the jurisdiction of the imperial court. You are right. The Heavenly Court also has something worth learning from. I will now appoint you as the director of the Demon Pacification Department of the Eternal Dynasty, just like the previous Demon Pacification Department. Originally, in the future, the master of the Demon Realm was the Demonic Ape God of Chaos.

So, even if you join the Heavenly Court, you will not have any good achievements. If you join me now, the Imperial Court will confer you as the Lord of Ten Thousand Demons. Wouldn't that be great? " "This …" Suddenly, Peacock seemed to hesitate. Gu Chensha had seen through her thoughts.

Indeed, if she joined the Heavenly Court and the Emperor Of Heaven, the Lord of the Demon Realm would not be her, but the Chaotic Demonic Ape God. So, it would be very awkward. But if she joined Gu Chensha, if the Emperor Of Heaven won in the future, she would probably die a horrible death.

"Don't hesitate. Your identity has determined that you will never gain the favor of the Emperor Of Heaven. Even if you don't join me, in the future, the Emperor Of Heaven will still kill you and take your source. This source of yours will be very useful to the Emperor Of Heaven. If I'm not wrong, you might be targeted by the Emperor Of Heaven. Perhaps once you leave the Four Wilds, you will be hunted down.

So, you came to find me this time because your fate should not be cut. "Gu Chensha slowly described a terrifying matter, causing Peacock's face to pale.