Chapter 657
===========

"The Lord of the Sun and Moon has come out. They've finally shown their traces."

In the medium-class world of the sphere of People's Wish, the four powerhouses who had already reached the god-level — Zhuge Ya, Chang Weiyang, Tai Xuandu, Ji Qingwu, and Wen Hong — were constantly operating.

Apart from them, many god-level powerhouses from Taiyi Fantasy Sect, Cosmos Mystical Sect, and Heavenly Dance Mystical Sect were constantly operating and breathing in and out in their own small chiliocosms. Their excess savings were exchanged through the World Tree channel created by the Pacifying Immortal Department.

The biggest advantage of Gu Chensha and the Pacifying Immortal Department forming an alliance with the three major sects was not that they could work together to attack and defend, but that they could circulate their strength, just like the circulation of goods among the people.

If a country wanted to become rich, it had to have convenient circulation of goods. Otherwise, even if a place was rich in goods, if the circulation was not smooth and the goods could not be sold, they would accumulate like garbage.

For example, if a coastal area produced salt, there would be salt everywhere. It would be impossible to finish it, so it would be worthless. However, in the hinterland, many people could not even afford salt, so it would be expensive.

As for iron and other materials produced in the hinterland, they could not be found in the coastal areas. If they could open up trade routes and exchange with each other, they could all benefit.

This was the way of governing a country, and also the supreme principle of the balance between heaven and earth.

Gu Chensha let the three major sects communicate with his Pacifying Immortal Department to exchange and make up for each other's strength. As they operated, they all gained great benefits. A huge alliance was gradually born.

Especially on the sea, that Small Chiliocosm and Small Divine Province had already been promoted to a small chiliocosm. They also communicated with the three major sects, and with the World Tree as the foundation, the forces on the sea grew stronger and stronger. With this as a springboard, they could even attack the Great Wei Dynasty.

"The Eternal Night is coming, the sun and moon will sink, and the world will change. I'm afraid it will be a great disaster." Chang Weiyang said, "Is Gu Chensha still fighting with Dou Yiyu?

I know that this woman is unparalleled in battle power and has marvelous changes. She is the number one subordinate of the three Heavenly Masters. If there is a chance, I would like to fight with her and see who is the one who has the hope of advancing to the Heavenly Master Realm. " "Don't be rash."

Tai Xuan said, "Gu Chensha already found out that this woman can actually cooperate with the flying knife of the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd. It is unbelievable that even the three Celestial Venerables can't do anything to this woman. Just like my son Tai Mang Di who obtained the Taiyi Pearl."

At this moment, Tai Mang Di had already started to integrate with Taiyi Bead in Taiyi Fantasy Sect, seeking for a breakthrough. This was Zhuge Ya's guidance.

Previously, the relationship between Taiyi Fantasy Sect and Tranquil Immortal Department was secretive. Therefore, Taixuan even expelled his son out of Taiyi Fantasy Sect on purpose. However, now that they had formed an alliance, it didn't matter anymore.

After promoting to a medium-class world, Tranquil Immortal Department had the power to protect Taiyi Fantasy Sect. Therefore, Taiyi Fantasy Sect was not afraid of the three Heavenly Lords.

Now that the Dharma Saint had cultivated a medium-grade world, he started to gather the Sage Families and form a huge alliance, once again creating the Heaven Alliance.

Wu Dangkong occupied a position in the Heaven Alliance and was almost on par with the Dharma Saint. His power was monstrous. The division of forces in the world gradually became clear.

The Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals headed by Wan Senshi, the Heavenly Sect of Heaven and Earth, the three Heavenly Lords, the Dharma Saint, Tranquil Immortal Department, and the Heavenly Craftsmen Department which was supported by the Immortal Master. Apart from them, there were the demons. These forces were very huge, and they were in a mess.

Until now, the three sects didn't have any objection to forming an alliance. Instead, they felt that it was a wise plan. If they didn't form an alliance, they might be exterminated in the future.

There were even some immortal sects who wanted to form an alliance with Tranquil Immortal Department and join this alliance. However, they were still undergoing assessment. After all, in the immortal sects, Taiyi, Universe, and Heavenly Dance were the second tier. The other sects were a bit worse.

If they wanted to join, they would have to pay a higher price. The collective intention of Gu Chensha and Tranquil Immortal Department was to consolidate this alliance first. When all the people were united, they would absorb other forces and strive for perfection.

Otherwise, it would become a hodgepodge like the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, neither fish nor fowl.

The Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals was formed because Wan Senshi had absolute confidence in suppressing all the heroes. Moreover, Wan Senshi's own medium-grade world had not appeared yet, and some forces such as his disciples were still operating in the dark.

On the other hand, if the Dharma Saint's alliance was formed in the future, he would be able to gather all the great families in the world, which would be a huge force that could reverse the situation. In addition to that, the most terrifying thing was that the Dharma Saint had also contacted the Heavenly Demon Clan. In this way, he would have a power that surpassed Wan Senshi's. Many of the giants present were well aware of the operation of these forces.

"If Dou Yiyu were to use the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd, I would indeed be no match for her, but with my own strength, I might not be afraid of her. Nevertheless, I have to admit that this woman is a good opponent. I want to inform Gu Chensha that if Dou Yiyu does not use the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd, I will fight her to the death. There is no hurry to win or lose, no consideration of gains or losses, just a quick death. I don't know if she is willing or not. If she doesn't dare to, then forget it." Chang Weiyang said, "If she relies on magical treasures, it is impossible for her to become a real Celestial Lord." Chang Weiyang was very straightforward.

She directly wanted to issue a letter of challenge, forcing Dou Yiyu into a desperate situation, and at the same time, forcing herself into a desperate situation as well. She was also a ruthless person. In just a moment, a letter of challenge appeared on her palm.

A moment later, the space in Gu Chensha's hand slightly broke, and the letter of challenge fell into his hand. Dou Yiyu looked at the letter of challenge in Gu Chensha's hand, and his expression changed slightly.

"Chang Weiyang has issued you a letter of challenge."

Gu Chensha said, "A battle of life and death. Both of you will use your own cultivation base to stimulate your greatest potential together. Hopefully, you will be able to reach the Heavenly Venerable Realm." As he spoke, Gu Chensha handed the letter of challenge to Dou Yiyu.

Dou Yiyu took it and opened it. Chang Weiyang's words appeared on it: "A battle of life and death. Each of you will leave it to fate. Either you become a Heavenly Venerable, or you will fall into oblivion. How about it?" Dou Yiyu closed the letter of challenge and frowned. She was deep in thought.

Chang Weiyang challenging her to a battle of life and death was already a form of coercion. If she activated the Line Severing God Punishing Gourd, she would naturally be able to kill Chang Weiyang. But now, Chang Weiyang clearly wanted both of them to not use any Dharma treasures and just rely on their own strength to fight her. This was a battle of seeking the Dao.

If she showed weakness, it would mean that she admitted deep in her heart that she was not a match for Chang Weiyang. Then, she could forget about advancing to the Heavenly Venerable Realm. If she were to fight Chang Weiyang, she would most likely not be able to execute many of her plans.

Of course, if she agreed to fight Chang Weiyang, with the stimulation of this opponent, she might be able to directly reach the Heavenly Venerable Realm. With her own strength, she was confident that she could beat Chang Weiyang. But she also knew that Chang Weiyang probably had other tricks up her sleeves.

"What do you think?" Chang Weiyang stared at Gu Chensha.

"It is easy to get money, but it is hard to find an opponent."

Gu Chensha's expression was really solemn, "In my opinion, both you and Chang Weiyang have reached the Dao Realm 36 Transformations. At the same time, you have comprehended the supreme Dao and are just a step away from the Heavenly Venerable Realm. Unfortunately, this realm is hard to break through. Once you do, it will be the difference between life and death. The Heavenly Venerable Realm is respected by the Heavenly Dao and isn't ordinary. The two of you are in a balance. In a battle of life and death, your chances are high.

If you don't have the courage to give up everything, you won't be able to reach the Heavenly Venerable Realm. But as for me, I definitely don't want the two of you to have a life and death battle. It is really dangerous. Chang Weiyang is the strongest person in our Alliance. With her in charge of the medium-sized world and injecting power into the World Tree, the strength of the medium-sized world can temporarily reach its maximum realm.

If anything happens, our strength will be greatly reduced. We have too few experts and we haven't even gotten back at Wan Senshi. I don't want us to fight to the death. " "That is the truth."

Dou Yi Yu nodded, "But I have to accept this battle. This is a huge chance for me. Didn't you say that Chang Weiyang obtained all sorts of methods from your Calm Celestial Division and has a 100% chance of reaching the Heavenly Venerable Realm?

Perhaps in the battle with Chang Weiyang, I can pry into the secrets of your Calming Immortal Department. "

"That doesn't matter. In the battle, your secrets will eventually be revealed to our Calm Celestial Division," Gu Chensha said. "It seems that this battle is inevitable."

"I know what Chang Weiyang is thinking. She wants to have a life and death battle with me. First, she wants to force me to use all of my strength so that your Calm Celestial Division can obtain my secrets. Of course, second, she wants to suppress me and reach the Heavenly Venerable Realm. Third, there is a deeper meaning. That is, after your Calm Celestial Division obtains my secrets, your magic power will improve by another level. Perhaps you will even be able to revive Chang Yuzhou."

Dou Yi Yu stared at Gu Chensha, as if all secrets were in her grasp. "It seems that your Calm Celestial Division has lied to me. You don't have the secret to immediately reaching the Heavenly Venerable Realm." "Hahahaha …" Gu Chensha laughed.

"What are you laughing at?" Dou Yi Yu asked.

"I'm naturally laughing at your shallow knowledge. Do you think that the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor didn't even have the secret to reaching the Heavenly Venerable Realm?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Let's not talk about this anymore."

Dou Yi Yu waved his hand. "Since Chang Weiyang has issued me a challenge, I will accept it. Three days from now, I will wait for her in the Exiled World amidst the chaotic flows of space-time. We will fight each other with our own strength. We won't use any magic treasures or helpers, and we won't leave behind any incarnations either. Life or death will be decided in that battle. As for cooperating with you, we can talk about that later. "