Chapter 224
===========

Each time he cultivated with Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha would be able to obtain many benefits.

Both of them had a wish which was to not care about anything else and cultivate for such a long time until the end of time.

This was because their cultivation techniques were attracted to one another. As they circulated their cultivation techniques, they could pretty much forget about time. This was because they were in extreme happiness.

There was no need to talk about the benefits that Lou Baiyue obtained. For her current achievements, at least 70% of it was due to the Sun Moon Dragon Blood and Sun Moon Dragon Energy. Gu Chensha passed his recent gains to Lou Baiyue and Lou Baiyue did the same to him.

"Once the soul leaves the body, the most important thing is to activate the treasure and use the power of the gods to clear up the body."

Lou Baiyue's soul appeared above her head. It was a beautiful teen that looked exactly the same as her but was only a foot tall. Originally, the soul couldn't be seen but with the Xiantian Energy on it, it was like a human with a body of flesh and blood.

Gu Chensha was originally multitasking but now that he was interacting with Lou Baiyue's soul, their minds intersected and many mysteries surged into his mind. Huala! 5,000 of himself actually split out in his mind and they were all practicing various martial arts.

At this time, Lou Baiyue had also entered his sea of consciousness. He had actually split himself into more than ten thousand clones and was also practicing his martial arts.

The two of them communicated with each other in their sea of consciousness, and their evolved thoughts clashed.

More than five thousand Gu Chensha and more than ten thousand Lou Baiyue were sparring in different ways. Each pair didn't use any martial arts, and the changes in their moves were also strange.

If it was a normal person, their head would have exploded from having so many thoughts in their mind. But the two of them were really relaxed. Their divination ability was really terrifying. All sorts of martial arts became more and more perfect when their minds intersected. The two of them were deducing the most suitable cultivation method for themselves.

Gu Chensha was able to multitask and his mental power became much stronger. This would be the foundation for him to advance in the future.

The first nine transformations of Dao Realm basically trained the physical body and the physical world. The Glass Jade Body represented the completion of the physical body.

After the Nine Transformations, it was time to purely cultivate the mind. This was another important juncture. If Gu Chensha reached Dao Realm Transformation Ten, he would be able to multitask like Lou Baiyue. It was effortless for him to control the Innate Stellar Energy. Many of the intricacies of the Solar Moon Transformation could also be displayed. Even the power of the Annihilation of Sun and Moon would increase by a level.

If he could really multitask, then the Sun Moon Annihilation would be able to set up a killing array and kill people several times stronger than him. Shh … Just like that, the two of them cultivated for a day and a night before opening their eyes.

Lou Baiyue's primordial spirit seemed to be greatly nourished. She said joyfully, "My primordial spirit is nourished by your spirit sense. It will instantly form a minor dao. I will probably be able to form the Heavenly Eye Hovering Sky soon. At that time, it will be a different scene."

Dao Realm Transformation Fifteen, Heavenly Eye Hovering Sky, allowed one's primordial spirit to hang in the air. It would be able to see 1,000 miles and no movement would be able to hide from the primordial spirit.

This wasn't all. The Heavenly Eye Hovering Sky was mainly used to observe the situation in the void and sense the dangers that were about to happen.

"The stronger your realm, the better. The situation will be really chaotic and hard to control."

Gu Chensha thought about the series of things that happened recently. Since the Demon Star descended and the black energy swallowed the sun, he felt that something huge was about to happen.

This feeling was really bad and he couldn't describe it. He felt really uneasy and the only thing that made him feel slightly better was the increase in strength. Only absolute strength could bring him a sense of security.

"You captured Taiyi Xuan Sect's Taihe Daoist and many disciples?"

After Lou Baiyue stopped her cultivation, her eyes shone brightly, "Taihe Daoist has cultivated to the 14 transformations. Although he isn't our match, he is a top person in Xuanhe Sect. Taiyi Xuan Sect definitely won't give up on him. They might send experts to teach you a lesson. But they wouldn't expect you to be so powerful. " "Don't worry about Taiyi Xuan Sect."

Gu Chensha already had a plan. "I still have the Xuanwu baby. If they really send experts, they will definitely teach them an unforgettable lesson.

What I'm worried about is that if the Great Wei Dynasty really has a plan, they might release the head of Xing Qiongshi, the most ferocious person in the Divine Land. "

"How should I put it? Xing Qiongshi, the most ferocious person in the Divine Land, is no longer as powerful as before. After all, he was besieged by countless experts. Many ancient emperors teamed up to tear him apart and kill him. His body is suppressed in many places in the Land of Infinity. All that's left is his head. If we make good use of it, it might be a great opportunity. "Lou Baiyue said something shocking.

"You mean to use the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree to sacrifice this head?" Gu Chensha immediately thought of what Lou Baiyue wanted to say. The two of them already had a tacit understanding.

"Yes, but the details are worth discussing."

Lou Baiyue pondered. "If I can improve by leaps and bounds and cultivate the Eighteen Transformations Golden Core of the Great Path, I will be able to see more things. At that time, there might be a chance." "With your speed, you should be able to do it very quickly."

Gu Chensha had already understood many things. "If I want to improve quickly, it would be best if I could obtain more of the Emperor's Qi from the Great Wei Dynasty. During the sacrifice, I can change my own aptitude."

"The Emperor's Qi is an existence that can change fate. It is a certain law that is recognized by all living beings. It is not to be underestimated. The Heavenly Dao can strengthen its own order by absorbing this Qi. Therefore, to a certain extent, the Heavenly Talisman is a bait for the Heavenly Dao. You have to be careful." Lou Baiyue's cultivation had improved a lot, and her horizons had broadened. She could see many things.

"I know."

Gu Chensha was not someone to be trifled with. "I have been paying attention all this time. All the martial arts I learned are preparation for building my own Dao. Moreover, I have been painstakingly cultivating the Dragon Gate in order to one day be able to restrain the Heavenly Talisman. The Dragon Gate is naturally weak now, but as long as we find more Primordial Ruins, it will gradually become stronger. Who knows, we might really be able to sense the Primordial Dragon Gate."

"Your Dragon Gate is already very strong. Of course, that is in terms of treasures. Compared to the Heavenly Talisman, it is not worth mentioning."

Lou Baiyue nodded. "Recently, I have been very busy contacting the disciples of the Celestial Tranquility Department. That Jin Suibo is indeed capable. In just a few dozen days, he actually managed to rope in close to a hundred second and third-rate Celestial Sects and unorthodox sects to pay taxes and register for protection from the Imperial Court. I have to meet them one by one and appease them. I am really too busy. You have to quickly settle the matter of recruiting the Baoyu Nation."

"I have a feeling that Jin Suibo is hiding very deeply. We still have to be careful of this person. We don't know what he is planning. I definitely don't believe that he is loyal to the Imperial Court." Gu Chensha thought of Jin Suibo and felt uneasy.

"Right now, don't worry. Everything is under my control." Lou Baiyue said. "If you and I work together, there will be no one in the world that can stop us. What is a mere Jin Suibo?

But then again, he helped me quite a bit this time. If he hadn't gathered a bunch of immortal cultivators to present me with a bone fragment of an ancient saint, I wouldn't have been able to comprehend some of the essences of the laws within, and I wouldn't have been able to cultivate to my current level. " "I see." These days, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue had their own fortuitous encounters.

There was no doubt that the Celestial Dao Mystic Sects had many treasures. They did not even recognize some of them and needed someone to find the best.

"By the way, have the 72 orthodox sects expressed their stance? What about the Celestial Dance Mystic Sect? "

Gu Chensha asked. "I remember that the Celestial Dance Mystic Sect said they would submit to the Imperial Court. Is there still no movement?"

"Originally, the Celestial Dance Mystic Sect was going to submit to the Imperial Court, but rumor has it that three old antiques — Heavenly Lord Yuan Gu, Heavenly Lord Pu Tuo, and Heavenly Lord Victorious Battle — returned and issued a decree for all the Celestial Dao Mystic Sects to convene a dharma assembly."

A look of disdain appeared on Lou Baiyue's face. "They want to fight against the Imperial Court, but it's like throwing an egg against a rock."

"I remember that in the ancient myths, these three Heavenly Lords, dozens of ancient deities, about ten ancient emperors, tens of thousands of experts from the Celestial Dao Mystic Sects, and a few Demon Sages from the Demon Race joined forces. In the end, three thousand experts from the Celestial Dao Mystic Sects sacrificed themselves so that the ancient emperors could summon the wrath of the heavens through the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. They split the body of the Celestial Dao Mystic Sect's Number One Fiend, Xing Qiong, and suppressed it in all directions."

Gu Chensha recalled. "According to the legends, this battle was earth-shattering and the universe collapsing. The three Heavenly Lords, the Celestial Dao Mystic Sect, and the Demon Race all suffered great losses."

"The Number One Fiend of the Celestial Dao Mystic Sect, Xing Qiong, was indeed invincible when he was at his peak. Unfortunately, he still incurred public anger.

It was said that even the people from the Demon Path hated him to the bone. At that time, the Celestial Dao, Demon Path, Celestial Dao, and Demon Path joined forces for the first time. "Lou Baiyue said." He was worthy of the title of the Number One Fiend of the Celestial Dao Mystic Sect. "

"I will speed up the recruitment of Baoyu Country." Gu Chensha said. "It's not difficult for the Taiyi Mystic Sect to handle it."

"I'm relieved that you're confident." Lou Baiyue nodded. "I have to go back to deal with other things." As she spoke, she waved the Ten Thousand Miles Flying Cloud Flag and disappeared without a sound. Gu Chensha sat in silence for a while as he calculated in his mind. After a few hours, Yu Hanlu came in to report. "Your Highness, Yu Huang wants to see you? Will you see him or not? " "How did Yu Huang know that I'm here?" Gu Chensha asked.

"He doesn't know that Your Highness is here, but he discussed with me that he wants to see Your Highness to discuss the recruitment of Baoyu Country. He wants me to inform Your Highness. "Yu Hanlu said.

"That's fine. Yu Huang is the leader of the opposition. If he can be moved, the recruitment of Baoyu Country will be ninety percent complete." Gu Chensha said. "Bring him to see me." "Yes!" Yu Hanlu hurriedly left.

In fact, there were no obstacles to the recruitment of Baoyu Country. With absolute power to oppress the opposition, they would not have any chance to resist. Sure enough, not long after, Yu Hanlu brought Yu Huang to her mansion. Beside Yu Huang stood a young man.