Chapter 516
===========

The center of China was the Sin Province, connected to the bottomless Sea of Sin. It was where the aura of sin gathered. The Devil Disasters in the past started from the bottomless Sea of Sin. However, the center of China's providence was not the Sin Province, but the old capital city. Even now, the providence of China had not moved. It was still in the old capital city.

As for the capital city outside the pass, although it had started to gather providence, it was no longer in China.

The location of the old capital city was crucial. It was like Yin and Yang with the Sin Province. One was where the Devil Disasters broke out, the other was where spiritual opportunity flourished.

Gu Chensha studied the laws of the Divine Land. He had a completely different view of everything in the Divine Land. In his eyes, the old palace seemed to have become mysterious. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor had set up a deep ambush here.

Gu Chensha landed on the top floor of the Mingkong Chamber of Commerce. He could already sense Gu Tanjian, Gu Xuansha, and Wu Dangkong's presences. Other than them, there was a thirteen or fourteen-year-old youth.

Gu Chensha had already transformed into Wudang Xing. He landed and looked at the youth. He did not understand why there was another person here at this gathering.

"Wudang Xing, you're finally here?"

Wu Dangkong looked at Gu Chensha in surprise. "Your cultivation is so fast. You've cultivated to the Twenty-two Transformations of Heaven and Earth in just half a year? And the quality of your magic power is actually at the first level of the True Dragon Method! "

In order to increase his strength, Gu Chensha transformed into Wudang Xing and increased his cultivation by a lot.

Anyway, the real Wudang Xing was controlled by him. He could transform himself to increase the mystery.

"Of course I have many fortuitous encounters." Gu Chensha smiled coldly. His tone was very arrogant. He pointed at the youth and said, "Who is this? Why are you here? " "Are you Wudang Xing? People say you're arrogant and overestimating yourself.

Now it seems that it's true. "The thirteen or fourteen-year-old youth urged, but his tone was very impolite.

"Little bastard, you're courting death!" Gu Chensha spread his fingers. His magic power pressed down, wanting to tear the thirteen or fourteen-year-old youth apart. According to Wu Dangkong's personality, he would definitely do so.

"Stop!"

At this time, the Ancient Mystical Sofa released its power and resisted Gu Chensha's grasp: "This is my son, Gu Changjian. He was recently taken in as a disciple by the Dharma Saint. Brother Xing, don't be rash!" "Dharma Saint!"

On the surface, Gu Chensha was startled. He stared fixedly at Gu Changjian, but in the depths of his heart, he had another thought.

The Gu family was the imperial family, so the characters in their names were fixed. They were Sha, Jian, Nian, Sheng, Yu, Zu, Mo, Jie, Yi, Zhou. For now, there were only eight words. Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian were both part of the third generation.

However, in the last ten years, Gu Tanjian had suddenly emerged as a new force. His influence was so great that it had already surpassed those of his imperial uncles. Even Gu Xuansha didn't dare to call himself uncle in front of him.

"It is almost the 26th year of Heaven Talisman. In the blink of an eye, 12 years have passed.

I came of age at the 14th year of Heaven Talisman when I was 15. Now, I am 26. If I get married at 15, my child will be around 10 years old. "

Gu Chensha laughed in his heart and suddenly became wary: "The Dharma Saint actually took in this Gu Changjian as a disciple? Even I didn't expect this move. What is he doing?

Logically speaking, the Dharma Saint should support Gu Fasha. Why did he turn around and support Gu Xuansha? Or is it because Gu Xuansha is the Crown Prince? "

The seventh prince, Gu Fasha, was originally the one with the highest hopes of becoming the crown prince. His cultivation was second to none among the princes. Back then, when Gu Fasha had just left the mountain and had not reached the Dao Realm, he had already cultivated the Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body. The difference was so great that it was almost incomparable.

But because of his talent, Gu Fasha couldn't improve at all. Instead, Gu Chensha and the others caught up and he was no longer a famous person.

But Gu Chensha also knew that Gu Fasha was very deep and could endure. Maybe there would be a chance for him to explode again. Gu Chensha knew that many factions might be after the royal bloodline. Every prince might be chosen.

He knew how powerful the royal bloodline was. If it wasn't for the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's bloodline, he wouldn't have been able to cultivate the Heavenly Dao Art.

The news of the Dharma Saint's return wasn't a secret to the upper aristocratic families. Many of them were facing a great enemy, especially the Wu Family, Fan Family, Heng Family, Lei Family, and Hong Family. They knew that the Legalism School might swallow them up, so they seemed to be working together. With a thought, he came back to his senses. His expression was extremely ugly.

To Gu Tanjian and the others, this' Wudang Xing 'in front of them was extremely afraid of the Dharma Saint. This was human nature.

As an ancient Great Sage, the Dharma Saint was the human race's number one Saint. Now that he had returned, it was obvious that he had broken through some mysterious realm and surpassed the Saints. Many of the aristocratic families' Deity Tier old-timers were afraid, so it was normal for the Wudang Xing to be afraid.

"Alright, let's work together. We have an important meeting this time, so there's no need to get angry over small things."

Gu Tanjian's voice sounded out. His aura grew deeper and deeper, and Gu Chensha was shocked to find that he had also broken through to the Twenty-Three Transformations.

"Hahahaha …" a voice rang out.

A person appeared in the guest hall. It was Fa Wuxian. Gu Chensha immediately discovered that he had also broken through to the Twenty-Three Transformations, "Past Reflection."

"Wudang Xing, I didn't expect you to have such great fortuitous encounters. It seems that you obtained many benefits from the Martial Emperor, and even plotted against him. You really are an ungrateful person. Anyone who cooperates with you has to be wary of being bitten by you." Fa Wuxian immediately targeted the Wudang Xing.

"You!"

Gu Chensha, who was Wudang Xing, glared at Gu Tanjian. He knew that Gu Tanjian must have leaked some information.

"Brother Wudang Xing, please calm down."

Gu Tanjian's expression did not change. "After I went back, I carefully thought about your plan for a long time. I realized that with our current strength, I'm afraid we'll just be working for them. When the time comes, the Martial Emperor will not be able to capture us, and we'll be in danger."

"I didn't expect Brother Bouncing Sword to be so cowardly. You don't dare to take a big gamble." Gu Chensha sneered.

"I'm just being cautious and taking things one step at a time."

Gu Tanjian ignored Gu Chensha's sarcasm. "Moreover, Brother Wudang Xing's ambition is too great. I'm afraid I'll also fall into your trap. When the time comes, I'm afraid it won't be worth it." "Brother Bouncing Sword, why are you guarding against me?"

Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "I still need to rely on the Alliance Leader for many things. Moreover, if the Alliance Leader doesn't make a move, I'm afraid that the Martial Emperor's cultivation will improve greatly after such a long time. Our chances will be even slimmer." "It's fine. Let's put the matter of the Martial Emperor aside for now." Gu Tanjian stared at Gu Chensha. "Brother Wudang Xing, why did your cultivation improve so quickly?

If it was just you, I would believe in your plan. However, there's a big shot behind you, so I have to reconsider.

The Martial Emperor is harsh and ungrateful. He won't completely believe you and won't give you many benefits. " "That's a secret. The big shot behind me doesn't allow me to reveal any information about him.

However, this person is definitely world-shaking. He's not weaker than the Dharma Saint. "Gu Chensha suddenly had a thought.

"What a joke!"

At this moment, the thirteen-year-old Gu Changjian refuted, "The Dharma Saint broke free from the shackles of the Heavenly Dao and was reborn. His cultivation can shake the universe. I'm afraid that even the three Heavenly Venerables can't do anything to him. You're so arrogant to say such things." "Brat, what do you know?"

Gu Chensha didn't hide the killing intent in his heart. "Do you think that the Dharma Saint accepted you as a disciple because of your talent and aptitude? Actually, the Dharma Saint is only after the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign's bloodline in your body.

He'll use you as an ingredient for refining medicine. Sooner or later, your bloodline will be sucked dry. Brother Xuansha, don't tell me you don't know about this. " These blatant words caused the expressions of Gu Xuansha and his son, Gu Changjian, to change.

They originally had doubts in their hearts, but after being pointed out by Gu Chensha, their hearts immediately became clear. They were actually speechless.

"I'd like to know who's behind you, Wudang Xing?

How dare you say that you've surpassed the Dharma Saint? "Fa Wuxian also didn't hide his killing intent towards Wudang Xing.

"Alliance Leader, I can tell you this secret.

And it's very important, "Gu Chensha turned to Gu Tanjian and said," I wonder if you can give me some benefits, Alliance Leader. " "Brother Dang Xing, you really can take out anything to sell. Is this information really worth a lot? You actually have someone who can compete with the Dharma Saint?

I'm really curious. Tell me, how much are you going to sell this secret to me? "Gu Tanjian smiled playfully.

"How about a strand of Holy Dragon Aura?" Gu Chensha said to Gu Tanjian. "I also want to make a Natural Born Saint to play with."

"I don't have that aura." Gu Tanjian waved his hand. "Also, I don't think your information is worth that much." "Then there's nothing else I can do."

Gu Chensha spread his hands. "If you don't know this information, I'm afraid that Alliance Leader will not be able to escape the restraints of The Great Spirit God and Voodoo Progenitor. Only by relying on this existence behind me will I have a chance to counterattack. " "Is that so?"

As Gu Tanjian waved his hand, a stream of air wrapped around Gu Chensha. "Brother Dang Xing, let's talk about this in private."

"Alliance Leader, it seems that you really want to escape the restraints of The Great Spirit God and Voodoo Progenitor," Gu Chensha said.

"I really don't have the Holy Dragon Aura, but I do have an artifact," Gu Tanjian said. "This artifact is not inferior to your Lightning Slayer Sword. How about it? I'll use this artifact to exchange for it. " As he spoke, he took out an identical sword.

This sword was densely covered in scales, and the scales seemed to have many eyes. The sword exuded a demonic aura, indicating that it was a demonic artifact.

"This is the Thousand Eyes Demon Sword. It was refined by a Demon Emperor who had cultivated to the 29 Transformations, the Thousand Eyes Demon Emperor. Before he died, he poured all his energy into this sword," Gu Tanjian said.

"Alliance Leader, the number of artifacts you have is incredible. Previously, I received the fragment of the Four Stars Map as a reward, but I haven't received another fragment yet."

Gu Chensha said, "This Thousand Eyes Demon Sword isn't very useful to me. When I use this sword, I have to guard against the Demon Emperor's will."