Chapter 1035
============

A Clash of the New and the Old

The universe created by Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, and Zhuge Ya was a completely new universe. It did not contain any impurities from the old world, so the Heavenly Dao born in this new universe was a completely new Heavenly Dao.

The power of the new Heavenly Dao was endless and inexhaustible. It was many times stronger than the old Heavenly Dao.

Soon after, Zhuge Ya also cultivated to the Heavenly Dao Realm, and the Heavenly Flower of the new world appeared above his head. The power of the Heavenly Flower gushed out, causing the entire old world to change.

Then, Chang Weiyang, Chang Yuzhou, the Martial Sage, and Jin Suibo all cultivated to the Heavenly Dao Realm.

Chang Weiyang was the famous Sect Master of the Black Cosmos Gate. She cultivated to the level of an Anomaly and was extremely powerful. Even the Black Cosmos Gate of Heaven and Earth couldn't suppress her. She was much more senior than Gu Chensha. Her father, Chang Yuzhou, was also extremely powerful. He split from the Black Cosmos Gate and founded the Black Cosmos Gate.

Of course, the Martial Sage was also famous. Jin Suibo was an elder of the Everlasting Celestial Sect. After following Gu Chensha, he established the Celestial Tranquility Department. If it wasn't for Jin Suibo recruiting people everywhere, it would not have been so easy to establish the Celestial Tranquility Department. His contributions to the imperial court were even greater than those of Zhuge Ya. Inexorably, Jin Suibo's power also rose, and he cultivated to the Heavenly Dao Realm.

Once this realm was achieved, he felt like he had completely broken away from the old world and entered a new world. He looked at everything in the world differently.

At the same time, he looked at everything in the world as if they were in hell. They devoured and killed each other just to fight for some pitiful resources. These living beings were really too stupid.

Deep in the hearts of all living beings, they clearly had an inexhaustible supply of treasures, but they just had to fight for useless dirt.

This was like a rich man with tens of thousands of hectares of fertile land, tens of thousands of cattle and sheep, and countless gold, silver, and jewels, but he just had to fight with a beggar for a dirty bun. If this wasn't stupidity, what was? Therefore, he wanted to save all the pitiful beings in the world.

"The universe we've created will surpass the old universe sooner or later. We'll completely save the old universe and all living beings."

Lou Baiyue said, "However, Mister Wu Wu and the others have appeared. They have the power of Level 9 Immortal Realm. Although we have cultivated the new world's Heavenly Dao, we are still no match for Immortal Realm experts. I feel that this new Heavenly Dao can only last for a while before it is destroyed. "

"That's why this new universe will be your base. If you can stay here and expand, then you will be able to hold out against the Undying for a long time." Gu Chensha continued, "I need to plan this out properly." As he spoke, Gu Chensha began to ponder. Then, he injected his power into this new universe.

This new universe gave birth to an unshakable and indestructible power. "All living beings in the human world, as long as they cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra and give up on the karma of the old world, they must be guided into the new universe. You can go and do this now. With Mister Wu Wu and the others stirring up trouble, the old world can no longer be changed. "

"This is a good plan. We've created a new world. This world doesn't have a single trace of the old world."

Lou Baiyue was the first to speak, "In this way, we don't have to worry about Mister Wu Wu and the others causing trouble. Moreover, as long as more and more people in the world cultivate the Dragonless Mantra, all of them will be brought into this new world. Over time, the old world will lose all ability to resist." "That's the goal for now."

Gu Chensha nodded, "However, we can't completely give up on the old world. I need to make a plan to suppress Mister Wu Wu." "Oh right."

At this time, Wen Hong asked a crucial question, "Actually, the focus of the entire world is whether or not you can suppress that terrifying thing. If you can suppress it, then our plan can be realized. Without that thing causing trouble, we can take our time. " This was indeed the crux of the matter.

"I can suppress this group of people. This group of people is actually a source."

Gu Chensha said, "However, it will be at the cost of the entire universe and the void of the myriad worlds. Because in the process of suppressing it, it might destroy the karma of all living things, time and space, and even you all will cease to exist. Because at that time, everything will be completely destroyed, and even you all will not be able to revive. This price is too great, so I'm holding back. Another thing is that I can't completely destroy this group of people, I can only suppress them.

This is because the birth of this group of people is not only the result of the combination of father and the Old World's Heavenly Dao, but also the aggregation of the deepest thoughts of all living beings in the Old World. As soon as the living beings in the Old World are born, they will devour energy to strengthen themselves. This instinct is actually a kind of power in the depths of their hearts. It has gathered on that terrifying thing, which is why this terrifying thing is so powerful. There is only one way to completely destroy this terrifying thing, and that is for all living beings in the world to completely abandon the Old World's thinking. Then I will have enough power to directly kill this terrifying thing and completely obliterate it, never to appear in this world again. "

"So that's how it is. In that case, we can only take things slowly. We will rule the world and destroy the way of thinking of the old world." With that, everyone understood. Indeed, Mister Wu Wu's power was quite powerful.

"At this stage, we should still implement the previous concept."

Lou Baiyue replied: "Spread the Dragonless Heart Sutra as much as possible, then guide all those who have successfully cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra into the new world. At the same time, use the new world as a fortress to defend against the invasion of Mr. No-No-No" "Safety first. We need to ensure our own safety first."

Zhuge Ya said: "Mister No-No-No and the others want to kill us or contaminate us, forcing us to return to the ideals and thinking of the Old World. This is absolutely not allowed." "Your safety is indeed the first priority."

Gu Chensha's intention in creating the new universe was very clear, it was to protect the safety of these people. With the protection of the new universe, the chances of them being killed by Mister No-No-No would be greatly reduced. Everyone in the new universe would gather and evolve into a brand new Heavenly Dao. This Heavenly Dao would gather to form a protective force that could prevent Mister No-No-No and the others from infiltrating.

Now, one could see with the naked eye that the new Heavenly Dao in the new universe was boiling. As it boiled, it kept spreading outwards and even started to permeate into many universes in the human world.

As long as it completely permeated the human world, any living being who had cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra would be able to ascend to the new universe with a single thought. That's right, it was ascension. Of course, during the ascension, someone would still be needed to guide them.

From now on, other than spreading the Dragonless Heart Sutra, the Great Yongchō would also guide those who had cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra to the new universe. The more living beings there were, the stronger the power of the universe would be. Gu Chensha was advancing step by step. He didn't believe that this strategy of his wouldn't be able to kill Mister No-No-No and the others. Take it slow, see who could last longer.

However, Mister No-No-No couldn't be underestimated. These people would also establish their own dynasties and spread the ideals of Devour. They would thoroughly permeate the ideals of the Old World into the instincts of the living beings and expand, causing the power of Mister No-No-No and the others to grow.

With that, the battle between Gu Chensha and this terrifying thing would be very long. It definitely wouldn't be something that could be accomplished in a day or two.

Everyone entered the new universe. At the same time, some of the people on the Yongchō who had cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra also entered the depths of the new universe.

Originally, after the Dharma Saint became the Spell Ancestor, he seemed to be dead set on working for Gu Chensha. Unfortunately, he suddenly disappeared. Clearly, he had gone to rely on Mister No-No-No and the others.

"A new world, a new universe. Everyone is developing their own spirit force and creating a new world, causing the world to grow bigger and richer. All living beings don't depend on others but on themselves. They don't fight, they only create. In such a world, the law has no meaning. There's no need to fight for material things and everyone is infinitely wealthy. What's the use of the law then?

This was Gu Chensha's evaluation of the Dharma Saint. "Therefore, the Dharma Saint chose to leave. He felt that his Dao of Law was completely useless in the new world. The new world didn't need his ideals. Therefore, he chose the Old World. The meaning of his existence was Law. He could only embrace his Law and disappear along with the Old World. " The new universe began to operate. After everything was set up, Gu Chensha left the new universe.

With so many people in the new universe reaching the Heavenly Dao Realm, they had the ability to protect themselves. Mister No-No-No could infiltrate them. Naturally, Gu Chensha began to make arrangements in the human world. He made the human world into a cage for Mister No-No-No and the others, slowly weakening their power. At the same time, he protected many living beings from being eroded by the Old World.

While protecting all living beings, he also suppressed Mister No-No-No and the others. This was extremely difficult. Even with Gu Chensha's current cultivation base, he couldn't do it.

He suppressed Mister No-No-No in the Eternal Continent, but he still failed. Not only did he fail, but Mister No-No-No and Mister No-No-No joined forces to destroy the entire continent. Not a single living being was left behind. Long Zaitian, which Gu Chensha had painstakingly created, was also destroyed.