Chapter 1069
============

Rising Embers

"I'm also looking forward to seeing how powerful that being will be, and whether or not he can contend with you.

I hope that this day will come sooner, once and for all. In the multiverse, there are always a few rats doing as they please, and we have to be careful not to take action against them even if we want to exterminate them. "

The Martial Saint shook his head, "But I also need to ascend to the Undying Realm as soon as possible, lest I die."

"How is your search for the Undying Realm in the Extreme Martial Cosmos going? I can see that you seem to have grasped some of the veins of the Extreme Martial Cosmos, but because you come from a new world, the Essence of the Extreme Martial Cosmos has always been resisting you."

Gu Chensha saw it clearly, "Under the influence of the Extreme Martial Cosmos' Essence, many Protagonists have been born to suppress and trample you beneath their feet." "That's inevitable."

The Martial Saint said, "These universes have their own wills, they are absolutely unwilling to be controlled by others, so many Protagonists are born to deal with us, that's inevitable.

However, I have subdued some Protagonists, causing them to believe in the ideals of our new world, thus obtaining a great deal of destiny. "

"You will soon be able to secretly grasp the Extreme Martial Cosmos, borrowing the power of the cosmos to ascend to the Undying Realm, and in fact, you don't even need this opportunity. In our new world, there are many opportunities to ascend to the Undying Realm, it's just that they haven't been activated yet."

Gu Chensha said, "Of course, your control over the experts in the Extreme Martial Cosmos is getting deeper, causing the living beings in this cosmos to believe in the principles of the new world, and have already activated a certain ability of the new world, you won't be far from ascending to the Undying Realm in the future." "I know, but I'm definitely not the first to ascend to the Undying Realm. I don't know who will occupy the first position, "the Martial Saint sighed.

"The first person to ascend to the Supreme Immortal Realm naturally has an enormous destiny, just like Zhao Jiangshan, who was the first to ascend to the Heavenly Dao Realm. However, Fa Wuxian was actually the first to ascend, but he died the moment he ascended. He didn't enjoy the enormous destiny, but now that Zhao Jiangshan has collected it, he does have some tricks up his sleeve." Gu Chensha said, "Alright, let's not talk about this anymore. Let's observe the Extreme Martial Cosmos."

The two of them moved and began to wander around the Extreme Martial Cosmos, observing the fate energy of the cosmos.

Gu Chensha appeared in a city. This city was also extremely huge, and it was forged from all kinds of metals. It was magnificent, and there were all kinds of martial artists in the city. These martial artists could overturn rivers and seas, tear the void, break the heavenly river with one punch, and grab stars with one hand.

"In the Extreme Martial Cosmos, martial arts are divided into different levels. The initial levels are the Mortal Martial Realm, Qi Martial Realm, Martial Transformation Martial Realm, Soul Martial Realm, Spirit Martial Realm, Profound Martial Realm, True Martial Realm, King Martial Realm, Imperial Martial Realm, Emperor Martial Realm, Immortal Martial Realm, God Martial Realm, Saint Martial Realm, Venerable Martial Realm, Heaven Martial Realm, Origin Martial Realm, Supreme Martial Realm, Eternal Martial Realm, Dao Martial Realm, and Undying Martial Realm. These 20 realms.

Each realm has its own ability, and it is completely different from the Dao Realm's 36 Transformations. It is also completely different from Arcane Techniques. It is purely the power of martial arts. "At this time, the Martial Sage explained to Gu Chensha.

"I can already see that the entire Extreme Martial Cosmos pays attention to absolute martial strength. The construction of the entire cosmos is actually secondary. Everyone is competing fiercely, but it is not as good as the Arcane World, which has already formed a complete system. Even the most profound Arcana Master can actually serve the commoners." Gu Chensha observed and sighed. He realized that the gap between the rich and the poor in the Extreme Martial Cosmos was too great.

In the Extreme Martial Cosmos, there were many villages that did not have enough food to fill their stomachs and clothes to cover their bodies. In many places, because of weather, disasters, wars, and many other reasons, people froze to death, starved to death, died of illness, died of violence, and so on.

The experts in the Extreme Martial Cosmos could create the void and give birth to all things, but not a single martial artist came out to help these commoners. Instead, they only cared about their own cultivation.

This was different from the Arcane Universe. The commoners in the Arcane Universe were all protected by Arcana Masters, so it was impossible for them to suffer from hunger or cold. It must be known that in the entire Arcane Universe, even the smallest village had a village hall, which was the village hall. There were Arcana Masters stationed there to deal with such matters.

The Extreme Martial Cosmos was extremely chaotic. There were powerful martial artists everywhere, each occupying a mountain peak. There were even some powerful demons and creatures from the Outerverse. It was a complete mess.

The only thing worth praising was that in this cosmos, martial arts prevailed. Everyone who wanted to stand out had to desperately cultivate martial arts. In every force, as long as one had the ability, they could obtain wealth, status, dignity, and glory. This was a recognized point in the entire cosmos.

Many forces fought with each other, but it actually increased the progress of martial arts. This was because if one did not seriously study martial arts and cultivate martial arts, they would be annexed and killed by others. They would be treated worse than slaves.

"To transform the entire Extreme Martial Cosmos, we first need a complete empire to include everything," the Martial Saint said. "Right now, it is too chaotic, and there is not enough research on martial arts."

"Martial arts are not arcane techniques. The arcane technique system needs to go through systematic research. The arcane technique is a science, while the martial arts is a battle. The progress of martial arts can only be reflected in chaotic battles."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "If it becomes a complete empire, then there will be no external pressure. Everyone will be at ease, but it will not be enough to improve martial arts. So, I suggest that if you want to transform the entire Extreme Martial Cosmos, I'm afraid you have to change your way of thinking." The arcane technique and martial arts were indeed different.

A large part of the arcane technique, such as the cleaning technique, the flashing technique, the manufacturing technique, and so on, were mostly used for production, living, and construction. Battles were only a small part, but the birth of martial arts was for battles. Only in cruel battles could the true meaning of martial arts be nurtured.

Gu Chensha looked around. In the entire Extreme Martial Cosmos, who knew how many empires and forces fought with each other. In the process of these people's battles, the bloody martial arts will gradually seep into the depths of the Extreme Martial Cosmos' Heavenly Dao, absorbed by the Heavenly Dao, and become a part of it.

It was precisely because of this that the Extreme Martial Cosmos' Heavenly Dao became stronger and stronger.

If the Extreme Martial Cosmos was unified, then there would be no more battles, and the martial arts will would be greatly reduced. For the Extreme Martial Cosmos, it would be a disaster.

"I understand, there's no need for unification. I only need to control and support many empires behind the scenes, so that these empires' bloody battles become more intense. At the same time, pay attention to not let the bloody battles kill the goose that lays the golden eggs to catch the fish." The Martial Sage suddenly understood. In his mind, trillions of ideas suddenly condensed.

The Martial Sage originally wanted to unify the entire Extreme Martial Cosmos, become the Great Emperor of martial arts, and then gradually control the entire cosmos. Now that Gu Chensha said this, he knew that this idea was not feasible. He changed his train of thought.

He would live in seclusion behind the scenes, and then use all kinds of methods to squeeze out the sense of urgency of everyone in the Extreme Martial Cosmos, so that everyone would desperately practice martial arts and research martial arts.

"Although there are many battles in the Extreme Martial Cosmos now, it is far from enough. The living environment is also not bad enough, and there are many empires that are content with the status quo. Through many operations, the bloody battle spirit and spirit must be stimulated."

The Martial Sage said, "I have a complete countermeasure for this point. Once the train of thought is right, things will be easier." "Very well, go ahead." Gu Chensha nodded and watched the Martial Sage leave. Rumble!

Zhao Jiangshan, who was in the middle of establishing the four realms as one module, suddenly trembled. He saw that in the middle of the multiverse, the towering Extreme Martial Cosmos had suddenly become golden. The martial arts will had increased greatly, and the power transmitted over had greatly increased.

Zhao Jiangshan suddenly looked over and found that in the Extreme Martial Cosmos, many empires seemed to have been stimulated, and were desperately developing their military force. Then, some of the major forces were also stimulated by something, and the speed at which they killed each other increased. Countless martial arts were researched, and countless cultivation methods were also born.

Immediately, in the depths of the Extreme Martial Cosmos, the source was stimulated, and in the blink of an eye, it devoured several other cosmoses. These cosmoses were integrated into the Extreme Martial Cosmos, and martial arts also began to flourish, competing with the heroes of the world.

"This is the Martial Sage's doing."

Zhao Jiangshan said coldly, "That's right, the Martial Sage actually found the right way to manage the Extreme Martial Cosmos. This way, he can indeed increase the source of the Extreme Martial Cosmos, and greatly improve himself. However, he doesn't know that I am carrying out the four realms as one technique.

You increased the source of the Extreme Martial Cosmos, but in reality, it was all for me, to speed up the process of my four realms as one. "

"My strength is almost there." Meholi circulated the power in his body, and gradually, Fa Wuxian's imprint was suppressed to the point that it could not move. Suddenly, a will appeared in his body, and within his sea of consciousness, Fa Wuxian appeared.

"Meholi, the will of I, Fa Wuxian, cannot be destroyed.

Even if you suppress me, I will still appear in the future, and instead, I will seize your power. Why don't we make a deal now? "Fa Wuxian's will let out a frenzied voice.

"Fa Wuxian, I know that with my current strength, it is impossible to destroy your imprint." Meholi said, "However, what kind of deal do you want to make with me?"

"I can give you the Supreme Immortal realm gourd, but you have to help me with something. Help me resurrect. Let me possess the body of a person with great destiny, and use his destiny as a sacrifice to me. Then, I will be able to recover, and slowly cultivate back. What do you think?" Fa Wuxian said.

"You want to resurrect?" Meholi frowned, "Whose destiny do you want to steal as a sacrifice?"

"The protagonists of many cosmoses, it is best if they are sacrificed together, and I can resurrect."

Fa Wuxian said, "After I resurrect, I will not affect your will, and at the same time, you will obtain full control of the gourd, and you will be able to ascend to the Supreme Immortal realm."