Chapter 824
===========

With the Calm Fairy Department's methods, as long as it was within the Yongchō's range, they could even find a flea, let alone a person. However, they couldn't find a clue as big as the Heavenly King of Jinmen. This gave off a mysterious air.

"The heavenly secrets are hidden."

Gu Chensha pondered for an hour before he slowly said, "The Heavenly King of Jin and the Primordial Dragon Sect must be among the people of our imperial court. However, they are obscured by some secret technique, making it difficult for us to search for them. We can only narrow down the search area and slowly search for them."

"Time is of the essence for us now. The Emperor Of Heaven is about to come out. If he comes out and controls the Heart of Divine Prefecture, we will be at a disadvantage."

Wen Hong said, "I controlled half of the territory and subjects of the Great Wei Dynasty over there, but I encountered resistance.

The situation in the future would be very difficult to develop, because Gu Huo had actually become the Heavenly King of Disaster and had even grasped the heart of the Sea Wasteland. This way, not only could he control the situation, he could also counterattack. They can deal with our island nations at any time. "

"The Great Fen Dynasty and the Burning Continent also have to guard against the counterattack of the Great Fen Heavenly King and the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha. After all, the Burning Continent has hundreds of billions of people, and they have powerful sacrificial power at all times. These two people can't give up," Lou Baiyue said.

"We can provide support at any time."

Zhuge Ya said, "Our Little Hongmeng Tree has enough power to open a portal to the Inferno Continent. Furthermore, the Three Ministers and Eight Marquises, as well as Fang Lin, have used their secret arts to separate their fate energy from the Boundless Treasure, freeing themselves from the Heavenly Dao's shackles and missions. From now on, everything will be as smooth as a galloping horse." "Alright, I can help them this once."

Gu Chensha saw that in the depths of the Little Hongmeng Tree, the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises, as well as Fang Lin, were all using their own powers. They were using the methods of the Celestial Pacification Department to sever some sort of thread of fate.

However, their strength was far from Wen Hong's level, so it was not easy for them to break free from the Infinite Treasure.

"Some people resign and return to their hometowns, while others rush to the examination hall through the night. Some people risk their lives to obtain the Boundless Treasure, while others want to give up on it. "

Gu Chensha flicked his finger and 12 beams of light flew out. These beams of light landed on the heads of the Three Dukes, Eight Marquises, and Fang Lin. Crack!

It was as though some kind of deep connection had been severed. Heaven Duke was furious, and layers of calamities enveloped the Little Hongmeng Tree.

"Tribulation?" Gu Chensha laughed coldly. "What can tribulation do to me now?

Even the Emperor Of Heaven has to hide himself lest I discover him. Otherwise, he won't be able to escape my grasp. "

With a wave of his hand, many tribulations on the Little Hong Meng Tree were absorbed into the Divine Prefecture Gourd. Rumble!

At that moment, 12 Endless Treasures flew out from the bodies of the Three Ministers, Eight Marquises, and Fang Lin. They formed an extremely dazzling long arc. As the long arc danced in the air, it seemed like it wanted to leave the Little Primordial Tree and fly in all directions in search of a new owner. This was destiny.

The Three Ministers and Eight Marquises had given up on their destiny, so the Endless Treasures had abandoned them as well. They had to find a new successor to inherit the orthodoxy of the celestial heavens. It was a pity that Gu Chensha was here. Gu Chensha slapped the Divine Prefecture Gourd again.

Light swept out from the gourd and enveloped the 12 Endless Treasures, pulling them violently. Even though they struggled violently, it was a pity that it was useless. They were slowly pulled into the Divine Prefecture Gourd and settled down. Rumble! Another earth-shattering change occurred inside the Divine Prefecture Gourd.

At that moment, Dou Yiyu discovered in astonishment that the Endless Treasures had fallen into the true divine prefecture inside the Divine Prefecture Gourd and begun to melt. It made the true divine prefecture even richer, and it truly had the aura of the Divine Prefecture outside.

"The Divine Prefecture of the Central Divine Prefecture will be the celestial heavens in the future, but you actually created a true divine prefecture inside the Divine Prefecture Gourd. You mean to compete with the Emperor Of Heaven?" Dou Yiyu said.

"That's right. The Divine Prefecture of the Central Divine Prefecture isn't the true divine prefecture. It's the ideal divine prefecture, the perfect divine prefecture. The true divine prefecture is born from the hearts of all living beings. It doesn't belong to the celestial heavens, but to all living beings.

The future is wrong. There's no need for things like the celestial heavens or celestial drops to exist. Dou Yiyu, I won't kill you. I'll let you witness the birth of the divine prefecture in the hearts of all living beings.

In the future, all living beings will be able to come to the divine prefecture to study and observe. The divine prefecture is a flawless ideal, the highest Dao, the quintessence of knowledge for all living beings to learn. This is the divine prefecture I need, not the lofty celestial heavens that governs and oppresses all living beings. " Gu Chensha's voice and will entered Dou Yiyu's mind, causing her to tremble.

Instinctively, Dou Yiyu knew that what Gu Chensha had said was true. Such grand ambitions and grandiose aspirations almost convinced her. But she also knew how difficult it would be. She was someone who had been acknowledged by the Immortal-Slaying God-Executing Flying Dagger, and knew many of the secrets of the future. Furthermore, she might have an important position in the celestial heavens.

"No, Gu Chensha, what you've said is false. The divine prefecture is the divine prefecture, the celestial heavens is the celestial heavens, and order is order. According to your vision, the future will definitely be filled with misery and suffering, and there will never be a day of peace. The world is already chaotic enough. When the Emperor Of Heaven comes into the world and sets things right, it's the will of the people. The Emperor Of Heaven is the savior of the world."

Dou Yiyu violently dispelled all the will that Gu Chensha had instilled in her, and strengthened her thoughts. At this moment, a wave of enlightenment rose from the depths of her heart. "The Immortal-Slaying God-Executing Flying Dagger is the weapon that will control the law in the future celestial heavens. The one who wields this flying dagger is a heavenly king called the Punisher Heavenly King. Since the dagger has acknowledged me, then I'm the reincarnation of the Punisher Heavenly King. But why don't I have the source of a heavenly king in my body?" At this moment, Dou Yiyu's enlightenment was interrupted.

"That's right. In the future celestial heavens, the Immortal-Slaying God-Executing Flying Dagger is in the possession of the Punisher Heavenly King. According to the decree of the Emperor Of Heaven, a few immortals will be killed and eliminated at regular intervals."

Gu Chensha's voice rang out again. "However, you're not the reincarnation of the Punisher Heavenly King. I can tell you the cause and effect of this. In the future, your son will be the Punisher Heavenly King." "Son?"

Dou Yiyu howled. "In this world, which man is worthy of me? Since there are no men, I can't have a son. Gu Chensha, don't try to scare me. I won't listen to any of your bewitchment." "Since you don't believe me, how about we make a bet?"

Gu Chensha said, "I'll let you go now, and you'll have a son very soon. If what I say is true, then you have to wholeheartedly pledge your allegiance to me. How about it?" "As you wish." Dou Yiyu didn't even think about it before agreeing.

"Alright." Gu Chensha let go of the Divine Prefecture Gourd and let Dou Yiyu fly away.

Once Dou Yiyu left, Chang Weiyang asked, "This woman has a great destiny. Why didn't you let her go? She's a Celestial Sovereign, and her methods are extremely tyrannical. If she goes against us, she'll be a huge obstacle. In the future, many things won't go smoothly."

Celestial Sovereigns were absolute ancestors who could suppress the destiny of any power. Even the Calming Immortal Department was no exception. Right now, the Calming Immortal Department only had three Celestial Sovereigns.

Disregarding everything else, the power of a Celestial Sovereign's sacrifice far surpassed that of a Sage's. As long as a Celestial Sovereign made a sacrifice, the power of the sacrifice would be like a heavenly pillar, piercing through the heavens and the earth. The color was pure, and the quality of the power of the sacrifice was so high that even Gu Chensha could only sigh in amazement.

However, since ancient times, Celestial Sovereigns had always been lofty figures who dominated countless worlds. They wouldn't make sacrifices to any existences. It was precisely because they didn't even fear the Heavenly Dao that they became Divergents and Celestial Sovereigns. Therefore, there were basically no Celestial Sovereign sacrifices in history.

If the Calming Immortal Department could have one more Celestial Sovereign sacrifice, then the power of the sacrifice would be of great benefit to Gu Chensha. Not to mention Celestial Sovereigns, even Gu Chensha wouldn't mind having too many Sages.

"It doesn't matter. Even if I capture Dou Yiyu now, she won't sincerely surrender. Moreover, I can indeed draw out the Punishing Heavenly King from her body. If the Punishing Heavenly King comes out and is captured by me, then he'll worship our Dao. Then, the power of the sacrifice he produces will be far beyond what we can compare with." Gu Chensha was casting a long line to catch a big fish.

"Indeed. Heavenly kings are lofty figures in the Heavenly Court in the future. They control countless immortals and the space-time of the world. Their intrinsic strength is tyrannical, far surpassing that of Celestial Sovereigns. If they can submit to us and worship our Dao, then our power will increase by thousands of times." Zhuge Ya deeply understood this principle.

"That's right. Those old-timers don't know how to use them.

Even Jing Qiu wants to use the blessing of Heavenly King Devourer to strengthen himself. The truth is that if he could convince Jing Fanxing to worship him and offer sacrifices to him, then the benefits would be far greater than just devouring Jing Fanxing. "

Lou Baiyue said, "In the future, our path will be to subjugate them and have them worship our Dao. If we could have a heavenly king offer sacrifices to our Dao, then that would be incredible. How pure would the sacrificial power be?

"I can extract true deathless substance from the sacrificial power of heavenly kings. If we could have a heavenly king offer sacrifices to our Dao, then I'm confident that I could become a celestial within a few decades.

If all nine heavenly kings offered sacrifices to us, then I could become a celestial within a few months. Of course, heavenly kings are very difficult to subjugate. Even a celestial like Dou Yiyu might be able to kill her easily, but subjugate her would be very difficult. That's why I let her go. Killing a celestial would be a real pity. "

Gu Chensha gazed into the distance. "Actually, what I hope the most is for the Celestial Thearch to worship me and believe in my Dao. If I meet the Celestial Thearch, I only need this to allow us to achieve true immortality." This site recommended pictures and videos of beautiful legs in stockings, youthful cheeks, and voluptuous buttocks!

Quickly follow the official WeChat account: meinvtao1 (long press for three seconds to copy) and watch!