Chapter 273
===========

"This is human nature. The safety of the nation and the world is at stake here, so we have to keep it a secret.

If the ruler doesn't keep it a secret, he will lose his subject, and if the subject doesn't keep it a secret, he will lose his chastity. "Gu Chensha was very calm." I hope Mister can understand this. " "This is a good thing."

Zhuge Ya sighed in admiration and said, "Everyone in the Celestial Tranquility Division is a dragon and phoenix among men. You do things with righteousness in your heart and are open-minded. You also respect the small and are cautious.

"Mister, you are broad-minded enough to think this way." Gu Chensha brought Zhuge Ya to tour the fief.

There was no castle in the fief, and in its place was a huge formation. Layers of palaces were built in the formation, and these palaces were all condensed from jade stones.

After Gu Chensha recruited the Precious Jade Nation, there was an endless supply of jade stones sent to his fief to build the formation and strengthen the foundation.

At this moment, there were many tall towers around the fief, and on top of the towers, there was a huge jade ball that was constantly absorbing the power of the stars in the sky. In the depths of the ground, spiritual qi and immortal qi were surging, and there was an endless amount of divine might brewing.

Zhuge Ya looked around for a long time and couldn't help but praise, "This place has become an immortal's cave, and it's hard for the demons to invade." "The imperial court's prestige is still here."

Gu Chensha said, "The demons, immortal sects, demon races, and barbarians don't dare to mess around. This is a good time for Mister to strengthen the foundation." The two came to the center of the palace. It was an altar. There was a transparent crystal dome above the altar, and below it was a deep, bottomless cave.

The stars shone down, and the light condensed through the dome, forming a starlight waterfall that fell into the depths of the cave.

This was the method of the Black Tortoise. The entire fief corresponded with the seven mansions of the Black Tortoise, and the divine power of the stars descended, combining with the immortal qi and spiritual qi to transform the earth veins, turning this place into a true nest of sacred beasts and an immortal's cave.

The fief was no longer the same as before. Even an expert like Que Ying 'er would have a hard time barging in.

The last time Que Ying 'er barged in, she almost wiped out the entire Department of Calmness. Gu Chensha learned from this painful experience and transformed the fief again. It took almost a year for the transformation to be completed.

"Baby Xuanwu, come out!" Gu Chensha turned his soul into a tentacle and sent it into the cave. Rumble!

A Black Tortoise baby the size of a thumb and the size of a beetle surged out from a ball of starlight. Then, its body moved slightly and turned into the size of a puppy.

"Eh? This person you brought? "

The Black Tortoise baby wanted to say something, but when it saw Zhuge Ya, it immediately let out a piercing light. "One star, two stars … seven stars! This was the Lord of Seven Stars!

Tsk, tsk. Father, where did you kidnap such a powerful person? She's actually the Lord of Seven Stars? "

The Lord of Seven Star's latent talent was comparable to the Black Tortoise's, so it was only natural that the Black Tortoise would value her highly.

"How's your comprehension of the Heavenly Demon Book going?" asked Gu Chensha.

The Black Tortoise baby opened its mouth and spat out the Heavenly Demon Book. "Almost there. My primordial spirit can already enter the Devil Soul Kingdom and fight with those Devil Souls. I can also easily retreat. Most of the weaker Devil Souls in the Devil Soul Kingdom have been devoured by me. There are only a few stronger Devil Souls that I can't devour, but I've gained quite a bit from fighting with my primordial spirit." "You devoured many Devil Souls?"

Gu Chensha looked at the Black Tortoise baby repeatedly. He grabbed it and patted it twice. "What level is your strength now?"

"Roughly equivalent to the Five Elements at the 21st Transformation of the Dao Realm," said the Black Tortoise baby.

"I've been cultivating the many transformations in the Heavenly Demon Book these past few days. I can already transform the essence of water and the five elements."

As it spoke, its body was no longer the Black Tortoise. Instead, it had transformed into a Vermillion Bird.

The 19th Transformation of the Dao Realm allowed one's physical body to be as big as a mountain or as small as a speck of dust.

As for the 20th Transformation, it allowed one's physical body to turn into an energy flow and scatter as one wished.

The 21st Transformation of the Five Elements meant that one's physical body could turn into flames, water, wood, metal, and earth.

The Extreme Transformation of the Five Elements meant that one could pretty much communicate with Heaven and Earth at such a realm. When the Black Tortoise baby reached such a realm, it was really terrifying.

Moreover, it was a Black Tortoise Saint Beast. At the same realm, it was pretty much invincible. Even Natural Saints couldn't do anything to it.

For example, when Fa Wuxian cultivated to the 21st Transformation, he could only fight on the same level as the Black Tortoise.

If a peerless genius managed to cultivate the 21 Transformations, they would be beaten to a pulp by the Black Tortoise baby in battle.

At such a realm, some old antiques in the Celestial Path couldn't do anything to the Black Tortoise baby.

The reason why the Black Tortoise baby grew so quickly was because it had merged with Gu Chensha's Sun Moon Dragon Blood, allowing its Saint Beast bloodline to improve.

"It can actually transform the essence of water into the essence of fire."

Zhuge Ya was shocked. It was true that it was difficult for cultivators of the immortal dao to cultivate to the Five Elements, but not as difficult as it was for Saint Beasts.

It had to be said that the Black Tortoise was formed from the magical laws of water. To transform it into the magical laws of fire required countless complex transformations and energy. That was why Saint Beasts spent thousands of years slowly growing stronger. Saint Beasts lived much longer than humans, so they could endure it for a long time.

"Stop playing around."

Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "What's happening right now is good for you. Mister Zhuge is going to completely merge his soul with the mysteries of the seven stars and become the true Lord of Seven Stars. We'll stand guard for him.

When he does, the seven stars will shine brightly, and the power of the stars will be as dense as what we've accumulated over a hundred years. " "The degree to which the Lord of Seven Stars is fusing is no small matter," said the Black Tortoise.

"It'll definitely attract a lot of attention, and some old antiques will definitely make a move. Will we be able to hold out?" "That'll depend on our luck."

Gu Chensha raised his head and saw Lou Baiyue. His fourth brother had arrived as well. "I have a trump card as well. It's a Death Immunity Talisman my father left me. As long as I use it, even the gods can't do anything to me."

"Death-Exemption talismans are extremely precious. It's best not to use them," said Zhuge Ya. "If I use them, I'll owe you all a huge favor."

"Mister, since you've joined the Calming Immortal Agency, you're one of us. We're like-minded, so there's no need to bicker."

Lou Baiyue looked around. "Since you're going to merge with the mysteries of the seven stars and become the true Lord of Seven Stars, we need to prepare our fiefdom well. We'll have three months to gather the power of the stars and cultivate a few powerful magical techniques."

Some powerful magical techniques were so powerful that they had to be prepared for days, or even months. Only then would they be earth-shattering.

For example, if Gu Chensha were to use the power of the Buzhou Palace and the Dragon's Gate to absorb the essence of the sun and moon and prepare for the Sun-Moon Annihilation, then even Que Ying 'er would be killed. The longer the preparation time, the more powerful the Sun-Moon Annihilation would be.

Gu Chensha's Sun-Moon Annihilation already had a very strong explosive power, but if he started preparing now, with every Sun-Moon Cycle, which was a day's time, the power of the Sun-Moon Annihilation would double. Even without the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree, he could still use the Sun-Moon Annihilation.

"In that case, let's start preparing."

Lou Baiyue said, "Mister Zhuge, please stay here and cultivate. Consolidate your cultivation base and increase it as much as possible." "I'll have to trouble you all," said Zhuge Ya, bowing again. He knew that success or failure depended on this moment. The group of them began to get busy in the fiefdom. Inside the palace... Concubine Ming Hall.

Wu Dangkong was cultivating in secluded meditation. Her cultivation was really deep and she had reached the Dao Realm Nineteen Transformations. She hid it really well and far exceeded Jing Fanxing's. She laid down many restrictions in the secret room that could seal all phenomenons.

She waved her hand, causing a crystal ball to appear, within which were countless souls that seemed to have transformed into a Specter Horde.

"After such a long time, I have finally collected 360,000 evil souls. They are all barbarians."

A smile appeared on Wu Dang Kong's face. "According to the records, by sacrificing 360,000 evil souls and Soul Subduing Grass to the heavens, one will be able to obtain the supreme Heavenly Dao's blessing and condense one's Yuan Shen, giving it an additional layer of Heavenly Dao light." Honglong! She took out the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree and started.

She tossed the crystal ball into the decree and then tossed in the Soul Subduing Grass and her own blood.

The Heavenly Sacrifice Decree appeared in front of her and turned into the Sun-Moon Altar. In just a moment, all the souls were sucked in. Zi zi zi … An extremely bright light landed.

"Heavenly Dao God Light! Merge into the soul! " When Wu Dangkong saw this, she was delighted. A power rose up from her brow and absorbed the light.

But this light was originally a circle of light and was in a complete state. But the moment it merged into her soul, half of it disappeared.

This meant that only half of the sacrificial power entered her soul and the other half was nowhere to be seen.

"What's going on? Why is the Heavenly Dao God Light I obtained not complete? Only half?

Based on the ancient records and the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique that I comprehended recently, the Heavenly Dao God Light is like a full moon. When it enters the soul, the soul will become really condensed and strong. Mental energy will increase and one's strength will increase. This is totally different from swallowing evil souls. "Wu Dangkong couldn't understand.

Dao Realm Thirteen Transformations Demon Swallowing Ghost and Demon Swallowing Evil Souls to strengthen one's soul. But there was a limit. It was like when a person ate, after eating, they would slowly digest it and turn it into nutrients.

As for the Heavenly Dao God Light, it would directly inject into the soul to expand and purify it, causing the soul's mental energy to rise to the limit. This was like real gold being placed into a flame and the more it was refined, the purer it became. At the same time.

In his own fief, Gu Chensha, who was circulating his Stellar Energy and drilling it into the ground to carve the Sun and Moon Slaughtering Formation, suddenly had a half circle of Heavenly Dao Divine Light appear in the void above his head and sink into his sea of consciousness. Kacha!

The depths of his mind gave off a bright light that doubled in size. His mental energy and soul swelled up like a balloon.