Chapter 644
===========

"Lord Dharma Saint's calculations are profound. This time, even Wan Senshi and the other antiques were fooled. If I were to obtain the position of a True God, then the Holy Samar Empire would not be like this." Jing Qiu calculated in his heart.

"Originally, Wan Senshi wanted to control the Holy Sama Empire and cultivate Jing Fanxing. Now, not only have I destroyed his plan, but I have also made all the aristocratic families in the world belong to my side. His Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals will not be able to achieve anything. As a result, he hates me even more. But it doesn't matter. This time, if it weren't for my deep calculation, I'm afraid I would have been killed by Wan Senshi." The Dharma Saint's heart was as clear as a mirror.

"Now that His Excellency Dharma Saint has refined a dimensional realm, it is more than enough to contend with the Calming Immortal Department. We should also reinvigorate the imperial court, seize back our power, and begin to control the situation in the world." Wu Dangkong was eager to give it a try.

"That's only natural. The imperial court cannot be controlled by the Calming Immortal Department forever."

The Dharma Saint nodded. "In truth, whoever seizes control of the Central Divine Prefecture will obtain supreme fortune. Especially now, they might even grasp some Deathless Daos.

Let's not talk about these things first. I have my own plans. The two of you have helped me condense my dimensional realm and that is a great merit. Now, Wu Dangkong, you should be able to control a portion of the power of this dimensional realm. " Wu Dangkong silently circulated it, and suddenly, wind and clouds surged around him.

Her face lit up with joy. "As I thought, I can stimulate the might of this dimensional realm. Unfortunately, my strength isn't enough, otherwise I would be able to use at least a third of it." "You deserve it."

The Dharma Saint said, "If I hadn't used your Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman to do all sorts of things, those old fogies wouldn't have been able to figure out the secret within. I also wouldn't have been able to smoothly complete the promotion of my dimensional realm.

With your current strength, it would be extremely difficult for you to stimulate even a ten-thousandth of this dimensional realm's power. You have to know that 1000 dimensional realms are equal to a single dimensional realm.

However, I will help you refine the Divine Land Ominous Armor. Once you obtain it, it will be the same as having a Saint-level incarnation. Once you stimulate the power of this dimensional realm, no one will be able to deal with you.

Gu Chensha, it's impossible for those people from the Calming Immortal Department to order you around in court. You can regain control of the Upper Study. Build your own forces and talents. " "Difficult."

Wu Dangkong thought about it and felt that it was still a difficult task. "We don't have the ability to destroy the Tranquil Immortal Department right now. Moreover, ever since the last imperial court meeting, my power has completely collapsed. It will be extremely difficult to rebuild it.

Even if I go to the High Study Room right now, no one will listen to me, and I can't use my authority to arrest ministers. Otherwise, not only will the Department of Tranquil Immortals deal with me, if they activate Gu Taxian's restrictions, I'm afraid I won't be able to resist them. " "That is a problem."

Jing Qiu was well aware of the struggles of the imperial court. "The general trend has been lost, and the hearts of the people have also scattered. Unless there is an overwhelming power, the Tranquil Fairy Department will still have the upper hand in this stalemate." "The opportunity will come very soon."

The Dharma Saint said, "The Demon Race's second attack is about to begin. This time, it won't be a small skirmish. The dozens of races led by the Pygmy Demon Race were defeated in their first attack, so they will retreat to the second line. In their place, the Sky Demon Race will personally lead hundreds, perhaps even thousands, of races to make a comeback. This time, the Demon Disaster will be no small matter. I will also join forces with the many aristocratic families to rebuild the Central Divine Continent, overthrow Yongchō's rule, and let you, Wu Dangkong, become the Son of Heaven. In any case, you are in control of the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree, and have a righteous name. It's not impossible for you to establish a new dynasty." "That's true."

Wu Dangkong gritted his teeth. "I've had enough of these cowardly days. Even if I have to die, I have to do it with a bang. This can't go on. Even if Gu Taxian counterattacks in the future, I will bear the brunt of it."

"Even Gu Taxian's women are dead set on him. Even the illustrious Immortal Master is no exception. You're really an exception."

The Dharma Saint also didn't understand why Wu Dangkong hated Gu Taxian and Yongchō so much. Perhaps it was fate. He was now trying to rope in Wu Dangkong, and even gave Wu Dangkong a third of the dimensional realm's control over it. This was not a small move, but it was inevitable. He would completely tie Wu Dangkong to all the Dharma Realms. When the world finally changed, if the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree changed, then he would be the first person to seize it. This was a far-reaching plan.

The Dharma Saint knew that if he obtained the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree and refined it while the world changed, he could absolutely become the first person. What Immortal Master, Wan Senshi, the three Celestial Masters, Xing Qiong? He would suppress all of them! His ambition was so great that it wasn't something that an ordinary magnate could hope to match.

"Ten Thousand Ferocious Refinement!"

At this time, the Dharma Saint had refined the dimensional realm. His every move had a great divine power. As the creator of the realm, his cultivation was already close to any of the three Celestial Masters. Even if there was a slight difference, it was impossible for the other party to have an overwhelming advantage. At this time, the Dharma Saint could be said to have truly become a great magnate. He grabbed, and the Divine Prefecture Ten Thousand Ferocious Armor fell into his hand.

The armor seemed to feel that disaster was coming. It couldn't help but send out a fierce mental wave. "Dharma Saint, you shouldn't have gone against Xing Qiong." "Too much nonsense."

The Dharma Saint's power poured into it. He was already a Celestial Master, so it was very easy for him to suppress a Sage. Coupled with the power of the dimensional realm, the Divine Prefecture Ten Thousand Ferocious Armor couldn't overturn the heavens.

Magic treasures from the ancient Heavenly Fiend Clan flew out from the dimensional realm. It was unknown whether the Dharma Saint had robbed the Heavenly Fiend Clan's treasury or not. These magic treasures all entered the Divine Prefecture Ten Thousand Ferocious Armor. Wu Dangkong was dumbfounded.

"What kind of agreement did the Dharma Saint make with the Heavenly Fiend Clan? Why does it feel like the ancient Heavenly Fiend Clan supports him in everything?

There are so many magic treasures, and they're giving them to him for free? "Wu Dangkong couldn't figure it out. Rumble!

The Dharma Saint unleashed some kind of magic technique, and a huge chain of runes entered the Divine Prefecture Ten Thousand Ferocious Armor.

"Hurry up and use your magic power to refine it with the Sun Moon Dragon Dharma. This armor will become one with your heart, and you will be able to command it as you wish.

It won't be able to resist you. I've fused the Heavenly Fiend Five Skandha Ancient Treasure into this treasure. In addition to the Heavenly Fiend's Heart Demon Oath, I'll use the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Technique to refine it. Even if Xing Qiong comes, he won't be able to take it away. "The Dharma Saint's voice was condensed to the extreme.

Wu Dangkong didn't hesitate anymore. He immediately used his magic power to permeate and control the armor.

In a short while, the Divine Prefecture Ten Thousand Ferocious Armor's will was completely transformed. Not only was it controlled by Wu Dangkong, but it also revealed the secrets of the Divine Prefecture Ten Thousand Ferocious Armor. Rumble!

Wu Dangkong put on the armor in the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar, and the aura of a Sage immediately began to emanate from her body.

"Wonderful!

Wonderful! Now that I'm wearing this armor, I can unleash the power of a Sage! "Wu Dangkong was overjoyed.

"That's right. This treasure has the power to topple the heavens and topple the earth. When the Xing Qiong Clan refined this treasure, they expended an untold amount of energy and plundered countless treasures and living beings."

The Dharma Saint sighed. "Helping you refine this treasure is the same as freeing you from the Xing Qiong Clan's control.

The Xing Qiong Clan will definitely harbor a grudge against me, and they'll definitely try to make a move against me in the future. "

"Now that the Dharma Saint has refined a medium-grade world, he probably doesn't need to care about the Xing Qiong Clan anymore. Rumor has it that the Xing Qiong Clan refined a medium-grade world on their own, but that world was destroyed and plundered by the three Heavenly Lords. Now that they've been reborn, it won't be easy to refine a medium-grade world."

Jing Qiu understood a little better. "The Dharma Saint has gathered the power of many aristocratic families, and with the help of the Heavenly Devil Tribe, he might even be able to suppress and kill the Xing Qiong Clan." "It's not that simple."

The Dharma Saint waved his hand dismissively. "Up until now, the Xing Qiong Clan's Divine God Grand Magic has 100 layers, and it's still the strongest attack. If he unleashes all of it, he can destroy a minor chiliocosm with a single punch. Then, if he continues to attack like a tempest, even a medium-grade world will be damaged. Although he can't use its full power now, if the world changes, and the divine god rotates, he'll be able to use its power again."

"I know. The Dharma Saint has already set up a chess piece in the Wildlands. He wants Gu Changjian to become the Lord of the Wildlands, and then he can harvest the entire Wildlands. Now that everything is ready, shouldn't we start carrying out the plan?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"Of course."

The Dharma Saint nodded. "The Lord of the Wildlands is no small matter. If my medium-grade world can devour the entire Wildlands Continent, it will reach a terrifying level. Although it won't be able to become a chiliocosm, it will definitely be able to suppress many medium-grade worlds, and become the ruler of all medium-grade worlds. Even if it's Wan Senshi, the three Heavenly Masters, or the Immortal Master, none of them will be a match for me. If we join forces, we will definitely be able to accomplish great things." "In the desert of the Holy Sama Empire, I will also respond to the Dharma Saint."

Jing Qiu's eyes flashed with deep hatred. "My Jing Family was exterminated. This enmity must be avenged." "This is the True Divinity Throne of the Lu God."

At this time, the Dharma Saint took out the True Divinity Throne. "I pretended to refine this throne to confuse the outside world, but in truth, I relied on the Heavenly Devil Tribe to ascend to a medium-grade world." "The Dharma Saint." At this time, the Dharma Saint spoke. He wanted to say something, but hesitated.

He was the number one ancestor of the school of Legalism. This True Divinity Throne should have been given to him, but the Dharma Saint wanted to give it to Jing Qiu.

"Dharma Saint, don't be impatient. I have my own plans, and I will naturally maximize the benefits. Jing Qiu's future destiny will far surpass yours, and his achievements will be limitless." The Dharma Saint waved his hand.

As he spoke, the True Divinity Throne had already fallen beneath Jing Qiu, allowing him to sit on it.

Then, the Dharma Saint spat out a mouthful of vital energy, allowing the True Divinity Throne and Jing Qiu to fuse together. In an instant, Jing Qiu's magic power skyrocketed. With the help of the True Divinity Throne, his strength, destiny, and lifespan were all raised to the extreme.