Chapter 212
===========

rad4(); rad5(); rad();

"This person's techniques are really shocking."

Gu Chensha was surrounded by the 12 Demon Gods. The surrounding seawater was pushed aside and it turned into a formation battlefield.

The 12 Demon Gods all looked different. Some had three heads and six arms and held a dragon or snake in their hands. Some had a human head and snake body and bit a trident. Some had white bones and spears.

They were all condensed from dense Demonic Qi, but they were like living people, not the slightest bit illusory.

These twelve demonic gods represented the three calamities and nine tribulations. Their profoundness was indescribable. Each of them released a wave of power that pressed towards the center. Gu Chensha activated the dragon gate repeatedly, but he realized that he couldn't absorb this power at all.

"This power is so strong and I can't absorb it at all. Is this the power of a Golden Core Dao expert?

It isn't that my Dragon Gate isn't good but that my realm is too low. I don't know how to use the power of the soul and can't activate the mysteries of the Dragon Gate. "

Gu Chensha knew that he was only at Dao Realm Transformation Seven and could release and retract his Xiantian Earth Energy freely.

He had to at least reach Dao Realm Transformation Ten to be able to comprehend the use of the mind and soul. Only at Transformation Eleven could one extend one's senses out. Only at Transformation Twelve could one use the soul to control the souls of others. Only at Transformation Thirteen could one have the ability to swallow the minds of different kinds.

From Transformation Ten to Transformation Thirteen, these four transformations were all accumulation stages.

When one reached Transformation Fourteen, one's soul would come out of the body. Only then would one be able to use the power of the god and comprehend the use of the soul. When one used the soul to activate treasures, their strength would increase by at least ten times.

For example, if one cultivated to Transformation Fourteen and injected one's soul into a flying sword, the speed and killing power of the flying sword wouldn't be something that Xiantian Earth Energy could compare to.

If Gu Chensha cultivated to the Fourteenth Transformation and merged his Primordial Spirit into the Dragon Gate to preside over the transformation, then the Dragon Gate would truly unleash the power of the Sun-devouring Bashe. It would probably be able to swallow all the Fiendcelestials in front of him, including Gu Huo, in an instant. Kong!

The twelve Demon Gods suddenly roared. Streams of black gas filled the air, compressing the space around Gu Dusha, as if locking him in a disaster cage. A Demon God wielding a spear attacked him first.

This Demon God was covered in pitch-black scales. When his spear slashed through the air, layers of afterimages appeared, sealing off all the space that Gu Chensha could dodge. His martial arts cultivation was simply at the peak of this world. Ka-cha!

Gu Chensha pulled with both hands, and the Sun and Moon Dragon's Repulse transformed into a massive hammer. The hammer had petals, and it gave off a boundless aura as it clashed with the Demon God Spear.

With just a single strike, the Demon God's spear was shattered by the hammer. Then, the hammer struck the Demon God's body. The Demonic God was pushed back. The scales on its body fell off and turned into black smoke.

"Black Tortoise Nine Treasures' Mighty Hammer."

Gu Huo didn't think much of it. "Your Innate Stellar Energy transformation is really amazing. Logically speaking, even if you reached the Ten Transformations of Dao State, it would still be difficult for you to control Stellar Energy so easily and divide it so meticulously. But it's still useless." As he spoke, the demonic god was completely unharmed, and it pounced forward once more. The other 11 Demon Gods wielded the weapons in their hands and attacked Gu Chensha.

"Three Calamities and Nine Tribulations, Calamity of War!" Gu Huo pointed with his finger. When the 12 Demon Gods attacked, they brought with them an aura of conquering the world. Peng! That was the strike!

Gu Chensha's protective Stellar Energy was shattered. Even his Sun and Moon Dragon body, which he cultivated to a small extent, was cracked. However, he didn't bleed, and he was like a metal man. Crack! (This chapter isn't over, please flip to the next page) Then, his flesh turned golden-red, wriggling and about to regrow.

"Amazing, amazing."

When Gu Huo saw this, he couldn't help but be shocked. "What kind of treasure did you eat for your body to be so special? It is like the best spiritual herb in the world. It seems like the Heaven Talisman Emperor really nurtured you. If I capture you and use you to refine pills, you will probably evolve into many celestial pills that can nourish my soul." "It won't be so easy to kill me."

Gu Chensha stood proudly and took a deep breath. In the face of unprecedented pressure, his fighting spirit was ignited.

This trip to the sea was to find this Gu Huo, and this was also his own plan. If he wasn't afraid of being forced into a desperate situation, how could he unleash his potential? His Dragon's Gate emitted a huge amount of energy, instantly healing his body.

"Sword, come!" The Demon Subduing Blade appeared in his hand.

"Gu Huo, I admit that you are powerful, but this is still within my expectations. I will show you what martial arts are." Gu Chensha's body emitted a majestic aura.

His personality was tough and unyielding. The stronger the enemy, the more he could unleash his cultivation. Today might be dangerous, but it was also the best training. Weng …

The Demon Subduing Blade in his hand trembled spiritually, as if it was excited. This blade was connected to his blood, and it was no different from his limbs. When it moved, it moved according to his heart.

With a flick of his Demon Subduing Blade, it brought along the trajectory of heaven and earth, releasing an incomparably dazzling brilliance. The light was no less bright than the light from Gu Huo's Golden Elixir. An ancient rune flew out from the light. It was the word 'Thunder'.

"The Qi of the sun and moon is divided into Yin and Yang, and Yin and Yang move the wind and clouds. When the wind and clouds rise, the rain falls on the fields. When the rain falls on the fields, it is thunder." Gu Chensha activated the Thunder Talisman in the Sun and Moon Talisman. At that moment, he also understood the true meaning of thunder. The word 'Thunder' represented rain above and the fields below. The rain that nourished the fields was thunder.

On the surface, thunder seemed to kill, but in reality, it was to sweep away evil and clear the world. It would turn evil into righteousness and nourish all things. This was the Dark and Humanity.

The word 'Thunder' changed and turned into twelve balls of lightning. They flew like meteors and attacked the twelve Demon Gods.

There was a deafening sound as if a heavenly drum had been activated. It was as if an ancient god had torn the sky apart and destroyed the world.

It also seemed like the Heavenly Dao was furious, breaking the earth and turning the sea into mulberry fields.

The moment the lightning appeared, the surrounding Essence Qi reacted and gathered towards the lightning, increasing the power of the lightning. Crack!

The twelve Demon Gods were struck by the light, and large swathes of black light dissipated from their bodies. They were severely injured.

Gu Chensha had expended a lot of energy. He had condensed almost all of his Connate Energy into this strike to break the formation of the twelve Demon Gods.

Fortunately, he had stored a large amount of Connate Energy in the Dragon Gate. Just a little breath was enough to replenish his body. The moment the formation was broken, Earth Energy gathered on the Demon Subduing Blade again. This time, the Earth Energy was not lightning, but a needle-like light. Sun Moon Divine Needle. It was all-pervasive and indestructible.

It was a strike that condensed the Sun and Moon Dragon Energy to the extreme. It could break any defense. This was Gu Chensha's strongest attack so far. He hoped that it could hurt Gu Huo. Gu Huo faced Gu Chensha's attack. (This chapter is not over, please continue to the next page.) Sword. His finger reached out and touched the tip of the sword.

The Golden Core in his body spun slightly. Instantly, a huge force destroyed Gu Chensha's Sun Moon Divine Needle. Then, a strong suction force came from his finger, absorbing all of Gu Chensha's essence blood and the Dragon Gate Treasure in his body.

He knew that there was a magical treasure in Gu Chensha's body that could absorb Essence Qi and Earth Energy. If he injected Earth Energy to break Gu Chensha's meridians, it might be absorbed. So, he used a secret technique to absorb Gu Chensha.

"This person's use of Connate Energy has reached an unimaginable level. Is someone with a Golden Core at the Ten Transformations really so strong?" Only now did Gu Chensha know how strong the Ten Transformations was. There were 36 Transformations in the Dao Realm. Every nine transformations was a qualitative leap.

Gu Chensha wanted to absorb Gu Huo's Connate Energy and Essence Qi, but Gu Huo had retracted it with one strike, not giving him any chance at all. Moreover, the suction force from the tip of his finger was even about to absorb Gu Chensha's essence blood and Earth Energy.

"Your realm is too low. Otherwise, with the Dharma treasure in your body, you would definitely be able to make me suffer."

The golden light between Gu Huo's fingers condensed into a vortex, sucking in Gu Chensha's sword tip. "It's a pity that you haven't cultivated your Essence Soul to the Astral Projection Stage. You can't use the true power of this treasure. It's like casting pearls before swine if this treasure follows you. It's better to give it to me."

At that moment, the twelve Demon Gods that had been defeated by the lightning gathered again. Under Gu Huo's will, they transformed into twelve black chains that bound towards Gu Chensha.

"Sun Moon Transformation, Kill and Spit." Gu Chensha knew that the current situation was extremely dangerous.

If the twelve Demon Gods invaded him again, he would probably be restrained. At that time, it wouldn't be surprising if he was sucked dry by Gu Huo. With a thought, he activated Sun Moon Carnage. The sword light immediately surged and many killing auras were forced out.

"Eh? Killing move? "

Gu Huo immediately felt that the golden light on his finger was about to dissipate. However, he laughed coldly. "You and I are eleven realms apart. Do you think you have a chance? Alright, I'll let you see the true power of a Golden Core. " Boom! The Golden Core in his body jumped and suddenly started to circulate crazily.

As the Golden Core rotated, the suction force was dozens of times stronger. With his body as the center, it turned into a black hole that absorbed everything that could be absorbed.

"To be able to die to my self-created Wind Sucking Disaster, you should consider yourself lucky."

Gu Huo's body seemed to have turned into a transparent golden man. In the end, his Golden Core almost appeared in front of his chest.

This Golden Core was formed by layers of talismans. The talismans inside rotated continuously like a universe in space. It was very similar to the Zhou Tian Apparatus.

If it wasn't for the fact that he was in a life and death battle, he would have a new understanding of the use of Innate Earth Energy by observing Gu Huo's Golden Core. Gu Huo had really used his abilities. In this regard, he truly regarded Gu Chensha as his opponent.

"This person's cultivation level is low. He is only at Dao Realm Seven Transformation, but he can force me to use my Origin Energy. His talent is not that good. Is this the supreme mystique of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor?"

He thought of the Profound Emperor Dragon Emperor in the Great Might Dynasty. "The Profound Emperor Dragon Emperor has always wanted to rule the divine land. However, he was not a match for the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Recently, he was blessed by the Heavenly Dao and his cultivation level improved. He wanted to challenge the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. I didn't expect a random son of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor to be so powerful!

I should quickly capture him and force out his secrets. Then, I can control the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's techniques. It will be very useful in the future. " As he thought about it, he suddenly used his true strength. The Golden Core actually started to burn. (End of Chapter) radb1();