Chapter 431
===========

Gu Chensha knew about himself. If he wanted to break through to the next realm and cultivate the Heaven Path Technique, just like Zhuge Ya said, he had to become a Dao Thief. This was different from Divergent. The Outliers were clearly trying to rebel. As for Dao Thief, he was trying to steal the country's luck and corrupt its finances. This Dao wasn't simple.

Gu Chensha decided to prepare for both sides. On one hand, he would steal the Heaven Path Technique while on the other, he would comprehend Divergent and rebel against the Heaven Path to obtain some unbelievable power.

"The Heaven Demon Tree is stable."

The Black Tortoise Baby said, "Now, even if a top Saint attacks us, they won't be able to break through the defense of the Common People's Wish Sphere. Our Calming Celestial Department is stable now." "Still not stable."

Zhuge Ya's expression was extremely grim. "It's just that we have the ability to protect ourselves, but our attacking prowess is still not that great. In order to truly unleash the power of this sphere, we must have a Divine level expert among us who can move the power of the grotto-heaven." "That is a must. Mr. Zhuge, you should have comprehended the 23 Transformations Past Reflection."

After cultivating in the sphere of the Common People's Wish for three months, he had reached the twenty-third year of the Heavenly Talisman. Gu Chensha knew that other than cultivating here himself, Zhuge Ya's incarnation had been traveling among the people, comprehending many secrets of time. Based on his instincts, Gu Chensha could sense that Zhuge Ya's realm had unknowingly risen.

Now, Gu Chensha's mental energy had reached the level where he could do two million things at once. His talent was also that of a Natural Saint. All of this was because he had activated the Heaven Talisman Emperor's bloodline for the second time. However, he still couldn't activate the power of this bloodline as he wished.

If he could reach that point, he would definitely be able to break through all obstacles like a hot knife through butter. Any problems in cultivation would be easily solved.

Originally, Dao Realm 23 Transformations Reflecting the Past was a threshold that was really hard to cultivate.

Many experts were stuck at this point. Even Fa Wuxian wasn't able to break through when he was fighting Jing Qiu. However, Zhuge Ya was the Lord of Seven Stars. Even without any fortuitous encounters, he would definitely be able to reach the 36 Transformations. So, Zhuge Ya was just stuck there for a while before breaking through.

Zhuge Ya had been living among the common people for a very long time. He had only been in the Calming Immortal Department for a few years, so he knew very well about the hardships of the common people, birth, aging, sickness, and death, and the passage of time.

This was why he broke through. However, Lou Baiyue was still at the 22 Transformations Heaven and Earth Transformation and hadn't broken through. She needed to comprehend more at this stage.

"This time, the Heaven Demon Tree has finally grown up. Its strength is even stronger than ours."

After discussing cultivation with Gu Chensha, Zhuge Ya looked at the Heavenly Demon Tree. "Next, we need to expand the influence of the Celestial Calmness Department. We need to recruit soldiers and buy horses. The more people we recruit, the stronger the destiny will be. Anyone who agrees with our ideals will inexplicably strengthen the power of the Common Life's Wish sphere. The so-called Common Life's Wish is to gather the wishes of all living things in the world.

"To expand our influence, the key is still pills, armor, and weapons. We have to send out large amounts of them, especially the pills. They have to be practical.

In the past, our Minor Star Returning Elixir could still be improved, and it was in short supply among the people. However, ever since the Heavenly Demon Tree was cultivated, our supply has been running low. Now, the business of the Calming Immortal Department has been declining. "

Lou Baiyue said, "This time, the Heaven Demon Tree doesn't need to absorb power to grow anymore. It can give back power."

"That's right. The Heavenly Demon Tree has absorbed so much Mother Earth Milk and countless treasures of the ape clan. The value of the Heavenly Demon Tree will definitely surpass those treasures. In addition, the Heavenly Dew that you've collected has been completely integrated into the tree. Together with the Mother Earth Milk, the Heavenly Demon Tree has supreme power. I've calculated that the Heavenly Demon Tree can condense the most suitable elixir. This elixir is called the Human Dragon Elixir. In an instant, pills the size of mung beans condensed on the Heavenly Demon Tree.

The pills fell down like raindrops. He grabbed one and placed it on his palm. The pill was pure gold in color, but there were dark green stripes on it. It was as if a golden bean had been inlaid with emerald green. This was the so-called 'gold inlaid with jade'.

"I've already improved this Dragon Pill. Every ten pills can raise one's talent to slightly good. Then one hundred pills can raise one's talent to medium. One thousand pills can raise one's talent to high. One hundred thousand pills can raise one's talent to genius.

In addition to improving talent, this pill also contains extremely pure Connate Spirit Qi. Not only is it beneficial for cultivation, it can also destroy inner demons and expel demonic Qi and demonic nature. After taking it for a long time, even if you enter the Demon Realm, you won't be demonized.

It can also strengthen your flesh. Even if you don't cultivate martial arts, after taking a hundred pills, you will have the strength of four oxen. If you cultivate martial arts, you will have the strength of six oxen. "

Zhuge Ya said, "This pill is an improved version of the Small Star Returning Pill. It will definitely be popular both at home and abroad."

"After taking it, you can destroy inner demons and expel demonic Qi and demonic nature. This is simply a powerful weapon against the Demon Clan. In the past, when the Demon Clan invaded, the most troublesome thing was the demonic Qi. Any cultivator who was invaded by the demonic Qi would be demonized and lose all rationality. Not only would they kill everywhere, but over time, they would also be transformed by the demonic Qi and become monsters."

Gu Chensha was overjoyed. "And now, after taking this pill, it can prevent people from being invaded by the demonic Qi. In this way, even if the Demon Clan breaks the seal, we humans can calmly resist them. We won't be helpless like so many times in history."

"This is the most important thing. If this pill is popularized, humans can also kill their way into the Demon Realm to explore."

Zhuge Ya stroked the "Human Dragon Pill" and was filled with emotion. "Once this pill is made, we will have done immeasurable good deeds. At least, it can change the ending of the war between humans and demons.

This is actually the supreme secret that was comprehended from the Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Painting. Humans are the spirit of all creatures. All demons must understand the supreme secret of the human body in the end. Only then can they transform into humans and transcend realms. From a certain perspective, the birth of humans is actually a kind of loss of control created by the Heavenly Dao. Humans are a species that even the Heavenly Dao cannot control. "

"That's right. Humans are indeed a species that even the Heavenly Dao cannot control. Because only humans can produce anomalies."

Lou Baiyue seemed to have comprehended something. "The Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Painting contains the core mystery of humans. In this way, even the Demon Clan's ultimate goal is to transform into a human and obtain humanity. Only then can they understand the supreme secret. They also have to expel their own demonic nature."

"That's right. Even the Demon Clan must understand human nature in the end. In fact, humans are dragons, and dragons are humans. There is no difference between the two."

Zhuge Ya's words were earth-shattering. "The final goal of the Demon Clan is to expel their demonic nature and obtain humanity. It is the same for the ten thousand demons. In fact, the ten thousand demons also include the ten thousand demons. Demons are just a slightly more extreme type of demons."

"In this way, the Human Dragon Pill contains the mystery of the ten thousand demons transforming into humans. Then, the natural demonic nature cannot invade?" Gu Chensha completely understood the secret of this pill.

"If this pill spreads throughout the world, then there will be no need to fear the Demon Clan. Even in the future, many adventurers, Jianghu heroes, and radical cultivators will kill their way into the Demon Domain to obtain wealth. After all, the demons in the Demon Domain are actually very valuable. After killing the demons, they can get rid of their demonic nature. The flesh and blood of many demons are great supplements, not to mention the souls of these demons are also extremely valuable."

"That's what I mean. Since ancient times, humans have been passively defending against the eruption of the Demon Disaster. They have never taken the initiative to attack. This is because the corrosion of the Demon Qi in the Demon Domain is harder to penetrate than the Savage Forest. Now, all these problems have been solved by our Calming Xian Department.

In the future, even the Demon Domain will become our Yongchō's territory! "Lou Baiyue's entire body was relaxed.

In history, the Barbarian Race had attacked humans countless times, creating a history of blood and tears. Humans had organized armies to resist many times, but because of environmental reasons, they were unable to enter the depths of the forest, and in the end, all their efforts were in vain.

But Yongchō could mass-produce the Horned Dragon Armor and equip it to the army. This way, they would not be harmed in the depths of the forest. This was a huge threat to the Barbarian Race.

Now, the Calming Xian Department could mass-produce armors that were ten times stronger than the Horned Dragon Armor. They also had pills that could resist the demonic nature. In time, the Demon Domain would just be the next Barbarian Race.

In fact, Gu Chensha could even extract the demonic nature and Demon Qi, turning the Demon Domain into a beautiful farmland that could be inhabited.

"Armor!" With another wave of Zhuge Ya's hand, a set of armor descended from the tree.

This armor was in the shape of a dragon's head. With a slight movement, wings would appear on its back.

Gu Chensha wanted to try it out. With a single thought, the armor appeared on his body. In an instant, not only was everything wrapped up tightly, but it was also impervious to weapons, water, and fire. Moreover, a gush of profound martial will gushed into his consciousness, activating an automatic battle mode.

This meant that the martial will and a tremendous amount of battle experience contained in this armor could even battle automatically. It was even like a teacher who was guiding others step by step. This armor could also fly.

"Sword!"

A stream of dragon-shaped sword light landed in Zhuge Ya's hand, turning into a sword. There were many runes and sword intents inscribed on the sword, and it could even cause great damage to spirit bodies.

"Human Dragon Elixir, Human Dragon Armor, Human Dragon Sword."

Zhuge Ya said, "These are the newest products of our Calming Xian Department. They replace the original Minor Star Huandan and Major Star Huandan, as well as the Star Soldier Sword and Star Soldier Armor. They are sold all over the world. "

"Once these three items appear, the Scenic Martial Trade Association, the Hongyun Games, and the National Fortune Party will all have to stop.

However, the Human Dragon Armor and the Human Dragon Sword are really too powerful. If we sell them at a cheap price, it won't be worth it for our Calming Xian Department, "Gu Chensha said.

"Of course not. The Human Dragon Armor and the Human Dragon Sword are divided into different grades. One star is the lowest, while two stars are slightly stronger. There are a total of seven grades."

Zhuge Ya said, "Moreover, the selling price is very expensive. This is one aspect, but our main business is to rent them." "Rent?" Lou Baiyue's eyes flashed.