Chapter 929
===========

Geniuses remembered in a second, 'If you like it, go? Say → → 'to provide you with wonderful novels to read. Chapter 926: The Sacrificial Ceremony Begins

"Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian, how did he come to be? How did he come to be? "The Chaotic Demonic Ape God was thinking about this question all the time. According to the principle, the birth of any powerful existence needed energy.

Even the power of worship in the depths of people's hearts was a part of the energy. The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor was too strong. No one knew how he came to be. Everyone was thinking about this question.

"Existence is reasonable. If the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor could be born from nothingness, why can't we do the same?

We all have hope. "Gu Chensha said," This is what I hope for. In fact, I also see the possibility of success.

To be honest, I'm close to completely abandoning everything. I don't need to absorb any energy. I'll be born on my own and give back to all living beings. I've already begun the final evolution of the Dragonless Heart Sutra. It's just that I can't learn it. So, my Dragonless Heart Sutra needs to be improved. Not only can I learn it, but all living beings can also learn it.

"Gu Chensha, what do you want me to do?

In fact, I'm under the control of the Emperor Of Heaven's faction. The Emperor Of Heaven gave me the seed of the Demon Realm. He asked me to expand the Demon Realm. Although my strength has increased greatly, my Primordial Spirit is actually locked by the Demon Realm. My every move is under the control of the Emperor Of Heaven. I suspect that if I betray the Emperor Of Heaven, I'll immediately fall into a state of eternal damnation. "

"You don't need to worry about that. I will activate a transcendent arcane technique to conceal this from the Heavenly Emperor. Moreover, I will also allow you to obtain the Primordius Heavenly Pillar. You need not fear anything. Even if you rebel against the Heavenly Emperor, the Heavenly Emperor will not kill you, because the time has not come yet.

Gu Chensha said, "The reason why I'm helping you is actually because I've benefited a lot from you. That's because I've already completely understood the technique you've comprehended to allow the Demon Race to cultivate into humans and obtain humanity. This technique is something I've learned from another place while I was fighting against the will of the Heavenly Realm. Do you know why the Emperor Of Heaven hates you?

It's because you created this technique. This technique shouldn't have appeared in this world. The Demon Realm will be a world that will be oppressed in the future. It will be filled with cruelty and violence. Yet, you want to turn demons into humans. How can the Heavenly Court tolerate this? Your nature is actually to rebel against the Emperor Of Heaven. So, why not join my camp? " "Well, I'll join your camp. What should I do?"

Demonic Ape of Chaos was finally persuaded by Gu Chensha. "I think what you're doing is right. It's true that I'll rebel against the Heavenly Court in the future. The final result will be eternal damnation. It's better to fight now. If you fail, the Emperor Of Heaven will take over, and I'll have no chance at all."

"Well, I can feel the determination deep in your heart. In that case, I'll arrange a seed for you to transcend the control of the Emperor Of Heaven." Gu Chensha said fiercely.

All of a sudden, his body turned into a talisman. It was a dragon talisman, which stayed in the Sea of Consciousness of Demonic Ape of Chaos. "This dragon talisman I left you can help you get the Demon Realm for your own use. Do you want the Demon Realm to belong to you in the end? " "What? Can I really do that?

I can take the Demon Realm as my own? "Demonic Ape of Chaos was surprised." You don't care about my power at all? "

"Hahahaha …" Gu Chensha laughed in the Sea of Consciousness of Demonic Ape of Chaos. "What do I care about?

I'm not the Emperor Of Heaven. What I care about is the eternal future. Everyone can achieve the real immortality. I don't care about your cultivation at all. I can even help you swallow the Great Spirit God, Maha, and get the Divine Realm and the Demon Realm. It's not impossible for you to integrate them completely. " "Is there such a good thing?"

The Chaotic Demonic Ape God was suddenly in a good mood. "I don't like the Mighty Miracle God for a long time. He is not a good guy. It is my wish to kill him and absorb him." "That's fine. You can even kill the Chaotic Heavenly Kings." Gu Chensha said. "Take care." "I'll keep my promise." Demonic Ape of Chaos nodded.

At this time, Gu Chensha disappeared without a trace. He knew that Demonic Ape of Chaos was completely under his control. This monkey had a great destiny. With the karma of this monkey, he could make a profound arrangement to make Nangong Xun's Sky Pillar of Chaos lose its effect. At the same time, he could make Nangong Xun finally wake up and surrender. Gu Chensha was not going to kill people now. He was going to enlighten people.

He wanted everyone who opposed him and did not agree with his idea to change their minds and pursue the real immortality. Time passed quickly.

Because the power of the Krystal System had greatly increased in the whole Divine Land and the Four Wilds, many masters felt the brilliant power of heaven and did not dare to make trouble. Some really powerful people were waiting for the imperial court to hold the great sacrifice to see if they could reverse the situation. If the imperial court could reverse the situation, these people would hide and wait for an opportunity. If the imperial court could not reverse the situation, these people would immediately make trouble, causing chaos in the world, and there would never be peace. On this day, it was finally time for the great sacrifice. The great sacrifice was held at the original site of the Bottomless Sea of Sin in Sin State City.

The Bottomless Sea of Sin was originally the entrance to the Devil Area. But now the Devil Area had completely disappeared. Part of it became the Underworld, and the other part became the Devil Realm. They were all controlled by the Earthly Emperor and God Maha. That was to say, there were no demons coming out of the ground to threaten the imperial court.

There were good and bad things about this. The good thing was that people could be at ease without the troubles of demons. At least they could sleep soundly. The bad thing was that without demons, people could not gain experience and adventure to gain wealth. In short, an altar had been built at the original site of the Bottomless Sea of Sin.

Sin State was the center of the Divine Land, and the Bottomless Sea of Sin was the center of Sin State.

In other words, the entire Bottomless Sea of Sin was the center of the Divine Land, the Heaven Realm, and even the Myriad Realms.

In the future, the Divine Land would become the Heavenly Court. The place where the Bottomless Sea of Sin was located would also be the center of the Heavenly Court. A pillar would be erected here, which was the Sky Pillar of Chaos.

The Sky Pillar of Chaos had not been born yet. The Sky Pillar of the Heavenly Court had fallen into the hands of Nangong Xun.

The Sky Pillar of Chaos was not a trivial magic treasure. It was the final form of the Law of Chaos condensed between heaven and earth. Only then could it be the pillar of the Heavenly Court. It was the only one.

Its power was far above the Hong Meng Tree, the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Land, and the Decree of Heaven Sacrifice. Chaos was the chaos. Primordial was the ultimate point. Chaos was the ultimate point of chaos.

If the Sky Pillar of Chaos fell into the Bottomless Sea of Sin, the Heavenly Court would immediately condense into a form. But now the entire Bottomless Sea of Sin had been built and turned into an altar. This altar was used to hold the great sacrifice.

At this moment, on the square outside the altar, many people from aristocratic families, officials of the imperial court, and some experts invited by the imperial court were standing there.

On the side of the officials of the imperial court, the officials led by the Dragonless Cabinet were neat and tidy. Now they were led by Lou Baiyue, followed by Gu Huasha, Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, Wu Sheng, Chang Yuzhou, Chang Weiyang, Dou Yiyu, Gu Xingjian, Liu Yu, Long Yuyun, Long Zaifei, Yu Hanlu, Little Yizi, and others. These people had always been the backbone of the imperial court, the real leadership.

Of course, there were also the original Three Ducal Ministers and Eight Marquises, Fang Lin, and other officials of the imperial court. Now they were also in a state of mainstay. It was a very heavy task to assist the General of Common People to do all kinds of things.

This time, there were three groups of people who came to participate in the sacrifice ceremony. One group was the officials of the imperial court and the ministers of the Dragonless Cabinet. The second group was the leaders and high-level officials of aristocratic families, big forces, and big chambers of commerce. The second group was led by Xu Ziyu, Duan Xiaoxian, and Nangong Xun. The third group was the experts invited to attend the ceremony.

At this moment, the entire Sin Province was under martial law. Anyone who dared to cause trouble would be killed without mercy. Moreover, a huge eye had already appeared in the sky, staring at every living being. This eye was the power of the entire greyspace.

The greyspace of the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds had fused with the One God System, which was already very mysterious. After the One God System was refined by Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra, it had produced even more unexpected changes.

At this moment, any expert who looked at the huge eye in the sky would feel their hair stand on end. It was as if their every move, every movement, and even their inner thoughts would be seen through by this eye. Therefore, none of the experts who had any ulterior motives dared to make any moves.

"Brother Ziyu, what should we do this time? It seems like the imperial court has come with ill intentions."

Nangong Xun's divine will moved, and he carefully communicated with Xu Ziyu through a secret channel. "Look at that eye in the sky. Even I feel very scared. I feel like this eye has the power to kill me. Is the power of the imperial court really that strong?" "It is indeed terrifying. Extremely terrifying."

Xu Ziyu's expression was very unsightly. "I didn't expect Gu Chensha's power to have reached such a level. I also feel that if I do anything strange, the power of destruction will immediately descend and kill me. I'm afraid our plan will have to change again. We can no longer proceed according to our original plan."

"Originally, my plan was to suddenly summon the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos during the great ceremony. Then, we could join forces and insert it into the bottomless Sea of Sin. That would immediately destroy the greyspace of the entire Divine Prefecture and turn it into the Heavenly Court. At that time, Gu Chensha would no longer be able to suppress it. Now, it seems that this plan is a bit unreliable." Nangong Xun was also hesitating.

"That's right. The Heavenly Pillar of Chaos is the pillar of the Heavenly Court. According to legend, once it is inserted into the center of the Heavenly Court, it will immediately produce immortal, infinite, and boundless divine power. The Heavenly Court will return to the right path, and not even Gu Chensha will be able to stop it. Unfortunately, Gu Chensha's power seems to have surpassed some sort of limit." Xu Ziyu said, "It seems that we can only have the Emperor Of Heaven take action."