Chapter 734
===========

"You can revive Forefather Heaven and Earth?" Xuan Qiudao grasped the crux of the matter.

Forefather Heaven and Earth was the creator of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth. His cultivation was earth-shattering, and he was an ancient creature born in chaos. He was even stronger than Wan Senshi and the Immortal Lord. But due to certain circumstances, he eventually fell.

However, even though he had fallen, the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth that he had single-handedly created still stood tall among the primordial mystical sects and was at the peak of the Immortal Dao. Even the three great Celestial Sovereigns did not dare to annex it. It was clear that the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth had left behind some crucial items that could protect the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth from being worshipped forever and prevent it from dying.

If the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth used its accumulated power to summon Forefather Heaven and Earth, it could instantly unleash great destructive power. Of course, that was only part of it.

"If I can revive a Martial Saint, I can naturally revive Forefather Heaven and Earth. Of course, Forefather Heaven and Earth is many times stronger than a Martial Saint, so it'll be difficult even for me to revive him."

Lord of Sun Moon Gu Tiansha said, "But your Black Gate of Heaven and Earth has accumulated a great deal of sacrificial power. If you're good at using it, with my power, it's not impossible to revive Forefather Heaven and Earth. Of course, if you want a hundred percent chance, you'll need to borrow another power." "What other power?" Xuan Qiudao asked.

"The sacrificial power of many worlds. I saved a person called Wang Shengshi, the son of the Great World of Mystic Arts."

Gu Tiansha said, "If he leads the people of the Great World of Mystic Arts to worship together, everyone will be united.

The power of the sacrificial power will be many times stronger, and it'll be very useful for Forefather Heaven and Earth's revival. " "That's almost impossible."

Xuan Qiudao's expression didn't change. "The Great World of Mystic Arts has its own factions, and it's a mess inside. There are also Heavenly Sovereigns among them. Getting them to worship our Forefather Heaven and Earth is harder than ascending to the heavens." "With me around, anything is possible," Lord of Sun Moon Gu Tiansha said.

The Sun-Moon Lord, Gu Tiansha, said, "I want to gather all the forces that can be gathered. Of course, it will take some time for the forces of the Great Thousand Realms to be completely united. There is another way for the Black Heaven Earth Sect to gather all the Profound Sects and form a single sect.

If all of the mystical sects of the Immortal Dao were to gather and perform a sacrifice, I believe it would have some power. Even if we can't revive the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth, we can revive all of your Sages. Then, we can worship the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth together. That way, the glory of the Black Heaven and Earth Sect will be just around the corner. "

"What does the Sun Moon Lord want?" Xuan Qiudao did not believe that Gu Tiansha would selflessly contribute.

"Me? Naturally, all of you will have to listen to my orders in the future. I will unite all the forces and form a huge alliance. I will be the alliance leader. You don't think that I'm not qualified to be the alliance leader, right?" Lord of Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha looked at Xuan Qiu and said with a smile that wasn't a smile.

"You must be joking, Lord of Sun and Moon. Even if our Patriarch of Heaven and Earth were to be revived, he would still be no match for the Lord of Sun and Moon."

Xuan Qiudao said some nice words at this time. No matter what, he had revived the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth, the previous Sages, and his son. He could even endure the humiliation, let alone say nice words.

He knew very well that if the Black Heaven Earth Sect did not increase its strength and seize an opportunity, it would probably be swallowed up by the major forces. In the end, its legacy would be lost. At the very least, the Celestial Calmness Department would not let the Black Heaven Earth Sect off.

The Celestial Calmness Department was already showing signs of unifying the mystical sects of the Immortal Dao. In fact, if not for the Sun Moon Lord, Gu Tiansha, appearing out of nowhere and restraining the Celestial Calmness Department, the Black Heaven Earth Sect would have already been breached.

One had to know that the Black Heaven Earth Sect was a medium-class world, but it could not withstand the infiltration of Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao.

It was easy for Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao to infiltrate a medium-class world. He could hide inside and stir up trouble. The Black Heaven Earth Sect did not even have a Heavenly Venerable, so there was no way they could suppress Gu Chensha.

Xuan Qiudao was a wily old fox who was good at scheming. How could he not know that the Black Heaven Earth Sect was in imminent danger? Only by seeking an opportunity amidst the calamity could they preserve their orthodoxy and gain a new life.

"If the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth is resurrected, the Sun Moon Lord may not have the upper hand. If the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth is still here, the three Heavenly Venerables would not be able to do anything. The immortal dao would have been unified by us a long time ago. Moreover, the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth left behind many secret techniques that we did not use one by one. Perhaps the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth is waiting for this opportunity to change the Heavenly Dao and resurrect.

Even the Dharma Saint can resurrect himself, let alone the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth. "Xuan Qiudao naturally had his own thoughts. The Patriarch of Heaven and Earth was much stronger than the Dharma Saint in the past.

If the Dharma Saint could resurrect while the Heavenly Dao was weakened and the Martial Saint was resurrected, there was no reason why the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth could not be resurrected.

Moreover, the sacrifices and faith accumulated by the Black Heaven Earth Sect far surpassed that of the Legalism of the past.

The Legalism had accumulated seven or eight thousand years, but it was only a small chiliocosm. When the Dharma Saint was resurrected, they finally borrowed the power of the Sky Demons, colluded with Wu Dangkong, and used the power of the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman to become a medium-sized world.

In terms of accumulation, the power of sacrifices accumulated by the Black Heaven Earth Sect was more than a hundred times that of the Legalism of the past.

"The power of sacrifices accumulated by the Black Heaven Earth Sect over countless years is stored in the Black Heaven Earth Sect, right?"

While Xuan Qiudao was thinking, Gu Tiansha looked at the mist flowing inside the Black Heaven Earth Sect.

In the depths of the ancient Black Heaven Earth Sect was a blurry scene of chaos. No one knew what the world inside was like. However, Gu Tiansha seemed to be able to see through it.

As Gu Tiansha spoke, he flicked his finger, and an endless amount of light from the sun and moon shone into the depths of the Black Heaven Earth Sect.

The inside of the Black Heaven Earth Sect was still filled with layers of space. Within the space, there was an independent space that was like an ocean. The power of sacrifices was stored in it, surging violently.

The power of sacrifices in this ocean was pure green, like the most flawless melted jade liquid. Every bit of the power of sacrifices emitted a majestic and vast thought, as if countless people were reminiscing, condensing, and praying devoutly. This was the power of sacrifices.

"Marvelous, what pure and majestic sacrificial energy. From this ocean, I can see that since the primordial era, tens of thousands of years ago, the entire Mystical Sect of Heaven and Earth held sacrificial ceremonies for generations. All the disciples' spirit force was refined and gathered in the depths of the Mystical Sect of Heaven and Earth, ultimately forming this ocean." Gu Tiansha sighed in admiration.

"Sun-Moon Lord, you..." Xuan Qiudao's expression changed drastically when he saw this.

The power of sacrifices stored in the depths of the Black Heaven Earth Sect could be said to be the most precious thing in the entire sect.

It was the most important thing to resurrect the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth. If Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha became greedy and took away the power of sacrifices, the Black Heaven Earth Sect would have no chance of turning the tables. It was simply impossible to gather so much sacrificial power again.

"Don't worry, the power of sacrifices was gathered by the generations of disciples of the Black Heaven Earth Sect, God-rank powerhouses, and even Sages. It contains the mark of your founder, the Patriarch of Heaven and Earth, so it's useless for me to take it away. Of course, I can erase the mark, but there's no need for that. If I covet the foundation of the Black Heaven Earth Sect, I'll just take the entire sect and dimensional realm. You don't have any Heavenly Venerables in your sect, so you can't resist my power of the Sun-Moon Universe." Gu Tiansha waved his hand. "Alright, I'll help you resurrect your son, Xuan Xin." "Really?"

Xuan Qiudao's expression changed again. Ever since he became a Saint, his heart and soul had not changed at all. But today, he almost lost control of his heart and soul. "Only after becoming a Saint and possessing the laws of the Divine Dao will they automatically merge with the Heavenly Dao after they die. In the future, with enough power of worship, a dead Saint can manifest his spirit. As for resurrection, it's impossible when the Heavenly Dao is stable.

Now, even if the Heavenly Dao is unstable, dead Sages can be resurrected. But when my son died, he wasn't a Sage. He was just born a Sage. Can he be resurrected like that? "

"According to common sense, those who aren't Sages can't be resurrected completely after death. At most, they can maintain some spirituality and become Yin Deities. They can't exist for long, and they have to rely on sacrifices to survive."

The Lord of Sun Moon, Gu Tiansha, continued, "However, your son Xuan Xin is a unique existence. Otherwise, it would be impossible for the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor to kill him. This child has an extremely profound karmic connection. Others might not know about it, but you should have a rough idea of it.

He's an existence that inherited the great fortune of the world. He was actually blessed by the Heavenly Dao. That's why I can resurrect him. "

"If you can resurrect Xuan Xin, the entire Black Heaven Earth Gate will thank Sun-Moon Lord for your great kindness." Xuan Qiudao immediately expressed.

"In that case, I will start the resurrection." Gu Tiansha placed his hands behind his back.

"Sun-Moon Lord, what do you need from us?" Xuan Qiudao immediately cooperated.

"No need."

A cold smile appeared on Gu Tiansha's face. "If I don't give your Black Heaven Earth Sect some benefits, you won't believe in my strength. Xuan Qiudao, deep in your heart, you still don't want someone to stand on your head and order you around. You want the Old Ancestor of Heaven and Earth to revive and fight against me, right?"

"Sun-Moon Lord, please don't think like that." Xuan Qiudao hurriedly said, "We are sincerely cooperating with you now." "Alright, I'm tired of hearing this."

Gu Tiansha waved his hand and suddenly reached out, "In that case, I will resurrect Xuan Xin now. Time waits for no man. With every passing moment, the Celestial Tranquility Department will grow stronger.

After Xuan Xin is resurrected, what he needs to do is to contact all the immortal dao mystical sects and form a huge alliance. This alliance must not be a loose one. We can't imitate Wan Senshi's New Divine Prefecture. We must have a strict organization and structure. "

(Important notice: Please use this site's free app. No ads, no errors, fast updates, members synchronize with the bookshelf. Please follow the official WeChat account. appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy) Download the free reader!