Chapter 695
===========

Lou Baiyue took out a two-foot long gun.

This gun was made entirely of steel. It was very hard, but not heavy. It seemed that the steel was mixed with some other light metal. The pitch-black barrel hid a terrifying lethality. Peng! She pulled the trigger. A bullet shot out from the barrel of the gun.

The pellet slashed through the sky and gave out an ear-piercing explosion. In the blink of an eye, it crossed several miles and shot into a normal tree.

The tree was as thick as a bowl. After being hit by the bullet, it immediately exploded into two pieces in the air. Then, raging flames and black smoke came out.

"What strong lethality." Gu Chensha said, "Is this the new gun that the Celestial Designer Institute created?

As expected, it is different from the Fire Talisman Spear. There are no Celestial Path Civilization methods and it is purely mechanical.

The pellet contains secret gunpowder. Once it is activated, it can produce a strong pushing force. When it passes through an object, it will even cause an explosion. It is really strong. " "Even normal people can use this gun."

Lou Baiyue fired once more and flames shot out from the barrel. A stone mountain a few miles away was instantly blown to pieces. The power was so shocking that one couldn't help but click their tongues. "Even a Dao Realm Transformation Three Cultivator with copper skin and iron bones can't block it. Just one will cause their body to explode. We did an experiment and only those who have cultivated Xiantian Earth Energy can defend against it."

"If an ordinary person had this gun, they would be able to cause great damage. However, the accuracy of this gun depends on the person. If an ordinary person used it, it would be difficult for him to kill a Dao Realm expert. After all, Dao Realm experts are very perceptive and can easily dodge it."

Gu Chensha said, "Of course, if dozens of normal people fire at the same time, they will form a dense net that has no blind spots. Even Dao Realm Experts will suffer heavy casualties. This weapon is best used against the Demon Race army." "This is a normal gun. The Celestial Designer Institute is producing a high-end weapon."

Lou Baiyue said, "It's made of metal and can fly. It's also equipped with many small cannons that can automatically track its target. Its defense is so strong that even Innate Stellar Energy can't cut it." "Is it possible to achieve this with purely mechanical means?"

Gu Chensha frowned. "If that's the case, then it's indeed terrifying. After I deal with Wan Senshi, I'll properly investigate the other secrets of the Heavenly Craftsmen Institute. It would be best if I can obtain all the information on the Immortal Lord's prehistoric civilization. Then, I'll combine the various civilizations and comprehend a brand new civilization, creating a brand new system. Only then will I be able to cultivate to the God Realm with the strongest comprehension." "Wan Senshi's cultivation is about the same as Immortal Master's."

Lou Baiyue continued, "This time, when we fight with Wan Senshi, we can use him to see how strong the Immortal Master really is.

But we'll have to guard against Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master working together. I'm afraid we won't be a match for them. "

"Immortal Master and Wan Senshi won't truly work together," Gu Chensha said with a firm expression. "Besides, we're already fully fledged, and I've accumulated a lot of resources. I need to rely on the pressure to make up for it and stimulate my potential to break through to the God Realm. I'll go alone to the New Divine Continent.

The rest of you should stick to your positions and keep the world under control. If the Dharma Saint loses too much, he might do something desperate.

Right now, our Celestial Calmness Department has a celestial-level king of common people who can suppress the world, and increase the flow of destiny in the world by more than double. We need to convert that destiny into the power of wishes and sacrifices to replenish our dimensional world spheres. Only then can we convert it into our own strength. " So-called destiny was the right to choose and create one's own path in the future.

If one's destiny was high, then no matter what path one took in the future, it would be bright. Even if one took the wrong path, it would be a blessing in disguise. One could even create their own future according to their own thoughts.

But if one's destiny was low, then their future path would be extremely narrow. Every step they took would be difficult, as if they were walking on thin ice. But destiny wasn't strength.

Having a great destiny didn't mean you had great strength. There was still a great disparity between the two.

For example, if you were born into a noble family of saints and had great resources, that didn't mean you would become a peerless master.

Now, the destiny of the Celestial Calmness Department had skyrocketed, but if they wanted to convert that destiny into strength, they still needed to work hard.

For instance, if one had an Empyrean level supreme puppet like the King of Common Life, they would be able to suppress all the restless influences in the world and make them unable to move. Then, they would be able to strengthen order and create even more loyal and devoted masters. Then, they would be able to operate the world and greatly increase the loyalty of the world. Then, the power of worship and the power of will would be slowly absorbed by the dimensional realm of the Common Life's Will sphere.

In addition, the world was currently experiencing a massive number of fortuitous encounters. Many common people had obtained their own fortuitous encounters and gained many abilities. Among them, there were many people with evil intentions and discontent with the imperial court. Now, all of them could be suppressed and their fortuitous encounters could be stripped away to enrich the tax revenue of the Great Yongchō. The way of governing a country was to alternate tension and relaxation.

In the beginning, the imperial court had been very relaxed towards the common people. This was a good thing, but as time passed, many undesirable factors were born. Like this, the imperial court had to tighten up its policies and carry out a severe crackdown to eradicate this malignant tumor. Once this tumor was completely eradicated, they could relax.

"The imperial court can carry out a severe crackdown on the world." All the experts of the Celestial Calmness Department agreed.

"The people are indeed a little rampant. Celestial Craft Institute's firearms have been spread out and dumped all over the world. This will allow the people to expand and deal with the Demon Race, Monster Race, Barbarian Race, etc. But it has also caused many ambitious people to form factions in the dark. At the same time, Wan Senshi's people are spreading the Doomsday Salvation Scripture to go against the imperial court. Celestial Head's people are actually supporting them in the dark, such that some of our policies can't be carried out. Fortunately, the common people's commander has improved really quickly and in just a few years, he has risen from 23 to 29. Otherwise, the world would have been in chaos."

Lou Baiyue said, "I am in charge of Common People's Wish College and have nurtured many talents. But after all, we haven't had much time and talents can't grow up in a short time. If we had 100 years, then we would have spread all over the world and we wouldn't be afraid of anything. But now, time is just too short."

"The Celestial Craftsmen Institute that Immortal Master is in charge of. That Gu Huansha and the Maha Family of the Eternal Devil Clan are stirring up trouble. They have conquered large tracts of land in the Barbarian Tribe and transformed them into factories, recruiting talents on a large scale. Many ordinary people have already entered, but we can't stop them." Fourth Brother Gu Huasha was worried about this.

"It is okay. Since Celestial Craft Institute is under Gu Huansha's control, they are starting to have evil intentions."

Gu Chensha said, "In that case, we need to be careful. Actually, as long as we can suppress Celestial Master, everything will be fine. Celestial Craft Institute can also be used by us."

"Let's gather our thoughts and research this matter. Since we have successfully cultivated Common People's King, our Calming Immortal Department's policies will have to change. We can't be as relaxed as before. Apart from that, we can also push forward many things that we can't do. Even the construction of teleportation gates all over the country can be carried out." Lou Baiyue said.

"Unfortunately, Longevity God, you are now wise. If you have any suggestions, just say them." Gu Chensha looked at Longevity God.

"Yes!" Longevity God said, "I will do my best to help the country and repay Prince's kindness." "In that case, I can rest assured." Gu Chensha's figure flickered and disappeared. He left his dimensional realm and went directly to the New Divine Continent.

At this time, by borrowing the strength of the dimensional realm, he was becoming increasingly perfect. The dimensional realm had the Common Life King, an Empyrean, guarding it and allowing it to display its greatest strength. And, the most important thing was that this Empyrean level existence was refined by him; it was equal to one of his avatars. He could use the power of this avatar with ease. With a thought, a huge amount of power rolled over. Whoosh! He stimulated the Heavenly Dao Law and silently infiltrated the New Divine Continent.

Finally, it was time to rescue Yuhuan Lu. At the same time, he would teach Wan Senshi a lesson and once again establish great prestige for the Calming Immortal Department and the imperial court.

As he sneaked into the New Divine Continent, deep in the desert, in the capital of the Holy Sama Empire, Wu Dangkong was furious.

"Preposterous! Preposterous!

Our plans have all failed. Our losses are simply unprecedented. We have spent so much effort, so many primordial treasures, and so many precious materials and resources to condense the model of the Lord of the Sun and Moon to imprison the North Star Empire. We have even given away the position of the True God of Jing Qiu. Now, we have actually benefited someone else. How could this happen? Warlock Saint, tell me, how are we going to carry out our future plans?

You have used a large number of treasures in the Heavenly Demons Clan, but you have achieved nothing. You have suffered a great loss. I'm afraid that you can't suppress those old fogies in the Heavenly Demons Clan. "

The Warlock Saint's expression was solemn and gloomy. He was carefully calculating and thinking. Then, with a flick of his finger, a screen appeared. On the screen, the World Tree and the Common People's Wish from the Jingxian Department were displayed.

The huge world tree was connected to many mini chiliocosms in the turbulence of time and space, including the Small Divine Continent, Taiyi Fantasy Sect, Heavenly Dance Fantasy Sect, and Universe Fantasy Sect. Besides them, there was one more mini chiliocosm, which was the mini chiliocosm of Longevity God.

These five mini chiliocosms were all connected to the world tree. They worshipped the Common People's Wish sphere and formed a truly stable alliance. In the depths of that mini chiliocosm, the faint qi of a Heavenly Lord could be sensed.

A mini chiliocosm was completely different from a mini chiliocosm without a Heavenly Lord. It was like a sharp sword in the hands of a kid or a great master in swordsmanship.

In the past, the Common People's Wish sphere was just a sword for a kid to play with in the eyes of the Dharma Saint. In fact, it was not a threat to him.

But now, this sword was in the hands of a great master in swordsmanship. Dharma Saint felt like a thorn in his back, making him uncomfortable all over. As he operated it, his luck fell sharply while that of Calming Immortal Department skyrocketed.