Chapter 496
===========

The strongest divine art of the Xing Qiong Clan was not the Primordial Shaman Dao, nor was it a killing art. Instead, it was the "Great Divine Continent Art" that he created himself.

The Divine Central Continent was the most mysterious place. It could be said to be the center of all the dimensions, the center of the Endless Mainland. As long as one could grasp the secrets of the Divine Central Continent, they would be able to obtain the greatest benefits.

Xing Qiong had comprehended ninety-nine levels of the Divine Continent's great technique, which represented the ninety-nine prefectures of the Divine Continent. He did not teach this divine technique to Wu Dangkong, nor did he teach it to Gu Chensha.

That was because this divine art contained his comprehension of the Divine Prefecture. Then, with the Divine Prefecture as the center, it spread to the various dimensions, countless planes, countless space-time, and even the depths of the primal chaos. It was the most profound insight since ancient times.

If he could obtain the Great Dharma of the Divine Prefecture, then he would be considered to have obtained his legacy.

But now, the Xing Qiong Clan had actually taught the first stage of the Divine Continent Grand Method to this young man called Jiang Qi. This made Wu Dangkong very jealous.

She even wanted to dig out the first level of the Divine Land's Law from Jiang Qi's Sea of Consciousness after she finished teaching him.

However, after thinking about it, he felt that the Xing Qiong Clan's teachings definitely contained a forbidden technique. It was impossible for the Divine Prefecture's great laws to be taught to outsiders.

After a long time, the black hole suddenly disappeared, and 'Jiang Qi' fell out of it. His body emitted a domineering aura, and he was also wearing a set of armor.

"Divine Land Thousand Murderous Armor!"

When he saw this armor, Wu Dangkong's heart shook once more. He hadn't expected that the Xing Qiong Clan had actually invested so much in this' Jiang Qi '.

She had obtained the support of the Xing Qiong Clan. This time, the Sun Moon Division had a total of thirty thousand sets of Divine Continent Ominous Armor, three hundred sets of Divine Continent Ten Ominous Armor, three sets of Divine Continent Hundred Ominous Armor, and one set of Divine Continent Thousand Ominous Armor. Xing Qiong Shi then gave this "Jiang Qi" another set of Thousand Savage Armor.

It was rumored that once the Divine Land Thousand Ominous Armor was fully activated, its power would be equivalent to that of a God-level master.

Wu Dangkong knew that he was right, but activating the Vicious Thousand Armor required a huge amount of energy, and it also required him to practice the Divine Land Great Technique in order to truly stimulate his potential and activate it to perfection.

Xing Qiong Shi directly raised Jiang Qi's strength, bestowed him with the Divine Prefecture Thousand Ominous Armor, and then disappeared.

"This armor is still in the hands of the Xing Qiong Clan, and they're only renting it to us now. How could it be so easy to obtain all of his wealth? "

Wu Dangkong looked at Jiang Qi. He had found this teen in the commoners and raised him up. His cultivation was at Dao Realm Transformation Seven, Leaving the Ground Soaring Sky. But after Xing Qiong Family used the God Continent Great Technique to raise him, he was now at Transformation Nine, Glass Jade Body. He had risen by two realms.

That was not all. Jiang Qi's Innate Stellar Energy and his physical body were a hundred times stronger than before. Even if he did not use any Dharma treasures, very few people in the same realm could defeat him. Kacha kacha …

After Jiang Qi woke up, he immediately activated his own power. The Divine Prefecture Thousand Fiends Armor on his body shrank inch by inch, turning into a black rune that looked like an eyeball. It was hidden deep in his forehead, and no one could take it away. It was as if the armor had already been fused with him.

"Jiang Qi, how do you feel?"

As Wu Dangkong asked, he secretly used his magic power to enter Jiang Qi's Knowledge Sea. But after a slight probe, he met with a huge resistance. He couldn't enter at all. It seemed like the Divine Prefecture Thousand Ominous Armor was protecting him.

"This damn Xing Qiong Family, he created a disobedient subordinate for me."

Wu Dangkong was furious and wanted to kill Jiang Qi. But she knew that Xing Qiong spent a lot of effort to create it, so it wouldn't be so easy for her to kill him.

"Goddess, I don't know. I just feel that my strength and Realm have increased by a lot." Jiang Qi's lost expression made Wu Dangkong feel that things were still under her control.

"Very good, can you use the Divine Prefecture Ten Ominous Armor?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"Goddess, this armor isn't under my control and I can't use it at all. It seems like it has a mind of its own and will only come out to protect me when I am in danger."

Jiang Qi replied, "I was taught this secret technique and it is circulating in my body. There is a curse that prevents me from saying it and teaching it to others." "Of course. Head down now! Wait for my orders! "Wu Dangkong's expression was dark and cold. Jiang Qi immediately took his leave.

Jiang Qi took his leave. Wu Dangkong looked into the void and asked, "Xing Qiong Family, what do you mean by this?

I spent so much effort to find Jiang Gongwang's descendant and you actually laid a trap on him, causing him to escape from my control?

Since that's the case, our cooperation is over. Don't think that I will hold the Divine Prefecture Grand Ceremony for you and allow you to merge with the divine prefecture. " "I am doing this for your own good."

Xing Qiong Family's voice wasn't angry. He only said slowly, "Do you really think that Zhuge Ya doesn't know that you found the descendant of the Jiang Family?

You are plotting to snatch the World Burial Coffin. That is his lifeline. Would he let you do as you please?

He hasn't done anything now because he is casting a long line to catch a big fish. He is using you to carry out a series of plans. I am just controlling this kid in advance. He will be of great use in the future. In any case, I guarantee that you will obtain the World Burial Coffin. You are too inexperienced to fight with that Zhuge Ya. When the time comes, you won't even know how you die.

Look at that Yin Yang Ghost Ape. He is good at scheming. He knows Yin and Yang and can communicate with ghosts and gods. But wasn't he still completely schemed against by Zhuge Ya? He even lost the Myriad Demon Human Transformation Painting. "

"You are saying that Zhuge Ya already knew that I secretly took in Jiang Qi?" Wu Dangkong's heart shook. This really is possible.

"In any case, the agreement between us is still valid."

Xing Qiong Clan said, "Moreover, the reason why I didn't teach you the technique of the Divine Prefecture is very simple. It's because the Son of Heaven Godrank Bestowment technique you cultivate conflicts with the technique of the Divine Prefecture. So, even if I did teach you, not only would your cultivation not improve, it would even cause you to suffer from qi deviation."

"Then what methods do you have to raise the quality of my Nine Five True Dragon Technique to the next level and reach the level of a Warlock Saint?" Wu Dangkong still wanted to dig out more benefits from Xing Qiongshi.

"You have to comprehend it yourself. When you cultivate to your level, you have to comprehend everything yourself. You should know that if you rely on external help, it will be like building a castle in the air." Xing Qiong Family's voice gradually became soft. Wu Dangkong's face was extremely cold. Sou!

Jiang Qi came out of the palace and snuck out of the imperial city. He found a place where there was no one and stopped. His eyes flashed with sharpness. He said, "Xing Qian Xiong, I am going to use all of your power now. What should I do?"

From the center of Jiang Qi's brow, a wave of energy came out. "Your cultivation is too shallow. You need to at least reach the 20th transformation. Gathering and dispersing impermanence. Only then can you use about a thousandth of my power.

However, the reason why Lord Xing Qiongshi asked me to reside in your forehead is so that I can protect you in times of danger. Don't worry now. Even if we encounter a Deity level expert, I'll be able to hold you off for a few moves before escaping. " "So? I can do whatever I want? "

Jiang Qi said, "I still need Lord Xing Qian Xiong's guidance. That Wu Dangkong wants to control me. Unfortunately, I can't break free from that control."

"Wu Dangkong's cultivation level is much higher than yours. And Lord Xing Qiong Family still needs her. You can only hold your head up high for now. But as long as your cultivation of the Divine Continent's Great Art becomes more profound, you will be able to fight against her sooner or later." Xing Qian Xiong was obviously the Divine Continent Thousand Fiends Armor's original spirit.

And although Wu Dangkong also had a set of Divine Continent Thousand Fiends Armor, she didn't know the Divine Continent's Great Art, so she couldn't activate the armor's original spirit.

"The World Burying Coffin was left behind by my ancestor, Jiang Gongwang. No one can take it away. Not the Jing Xian Department, not even Wu Dangkong."

Jiang Qi's eyes were filled with ambition. "I will definitely occupy a place in this world. The heavens gave me such a fortuitous encounter. I will not let it down." "Good. You have ambition. I like it."

Xing Qian Xiong said, "You should diligently cultivate the Divine Continent's Great Art. Once you are completely familiar with the first layer, you can sense Lord Xing Qiong Family through me. Then, I will teach you the second layer of the Divine Continent's Great Art. Cultivate it layer by layer, and it will make you thousands of times stronger than normal cultivators."

"I will naturally work hard." Jiang Qi looked at the sky, clenched his fists, and struck out fiercely. He was determined to become a giant. Sin Prefecture City.

In the Jing Xian Department's Chamber of Commerce, a group of scholars was anxiously waiting with Qin Han at the center.

"Everyone, don't be impatient."

At this time, the person in charge of the Jing Xian Department's Chamber of Commerce in Sin Prefecture kept comforting them. "Everyone, you have dealt with the traitorous concubine with absolute sincerity for the country and the people. The Calming Xian Department deeply admires you. Freedom of speech is the policy of the imperial court. Even the traitorous concubine cannot hide the truth with one hand. We have already reported this to the upper echelons of the Calming Xian Department. Soon, there will be upper echelons coming to take charge of this matter.

In short, if the traitorous concubine wants to capture you, that will be impossible! "Gu Chensha was also among this group of scholars. He observed in secret and discovered that the person in charge of the Jing Xian Department's Chamber of Commerce in Sin Prefecture was called Long Xinyi. He was from the Long Family and was a relative of Long Yuyun. Because he was diligent and good at business and interpersonal relationships, he had contributed greatly to the Calming Xian Department's Chamber of Commerce among the people. He was bestowed with the Dragon Nurturing Qi and became a genius. Right now, his cultivation had already reached the Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body.

Because of this, he was able to sit in the position of the person in charge of the Jing Xian Department's Chamber of Commerce. However, he also did not know that this group of scholars had changed because of Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha also did not plan to reveal his identity.

"We will wait patiently."

Qin Han cupped his hands and calmed down. He had the Buddha statue in his body to protect him, so he did not seem to be afraid that Wu Dangkong would send people to kill him. "I have taken the armor of the traitorous concubine's subordinate and am now willing to offer it to the Jing Xian Department."