Chapter 135
===========

I will provide you with some interesting reading. XsHuoTXt Gu Chensha knew that he had risen up too quickly and many people were unhappy about it.

He used this chance to show his strength and make some people wary. Although he had exposed his strength, it wasn't a bad thing.

More importantly, after creating the Clumsy Fist, he had to compete with experts to find out how strong it was and what areas it could be improved on. After exchanging two punches with Gu Chensha, he felt the mysteriousness of his Rage Fist.

When he fought Lei Tianhui, he learned a lot. Lei Tianhui used the Xiantian Earth Energy Lightning Tribulation to block the Clumsy Fist. His reflexes were quick and his techniques were exquisite.

Moreover, when the Celestial Energy struck him, the Celestial Energy deep in his dantian started to stir. It merged with the Spiritual Energy and started to merge into his bloodline. It flowed through his body. He felt that the Yuzhen Acupoint at the back of his head was about to break through. He didn't have such a feeling when he fought Yi Ming as he knew that Yi Ming would give in to him. There wouldn't be such a thrilling feeling during the battle.

"Old Nineteen's cultivation actually improved so quickly."

In the distance, Third Prince Gufan Sha saw everything and was shocked, "My cultivation has increased by leaps and bounds and I have reached Dao Realm Transformation Six. I have cultivated the Xiantian Earth Energy but I am still far from Lei Tianhui's match. This person is a true genius and maybe only Fan Ruyi can suppress him."

There was a teen beside Gufan Sha who was only 14 or 15 years old. He looked at Ku Rong coldly like there was no life or death in his heart.

Gufan Sha was a prince and was really polite to this teen. His words and actions were like he was trying to rope him in.

"Ruyi, what do you think of Old Nineteen's martial arts? That fist was quite strong. "Gufan Sha asked the teen.

"It is just so-so."

The teen called Fan Ruyi didn't have much of an expression, "He just comprehended a little. His armor and sword are not bad, but even with the armor and sword, I don't even need one move to kill him. Lei Tianhui is also trash. He actually couldn't tell that the armor and sword were crafted by him. To think that he is on the same level as me. How embarrassing. "

"Fa Wuxian didn't come this time." Guvasha purposely said, "Seventh wanted to ask him to help, but he refused."

"Fa Wuxian is truly a formidable opponent. His eyes are as high as the heavens, he even wants to stand shoulder to shoulder with the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor."

When Brahma Ru heard the name, a competitive gleam appeared in his eyes. "He cultivates a profound art himself, and even goes around searching for ancient ruins. He cultivates like a madman, and doesn't care about the heroes of the world. Although he's from the school of legalism, how could he possibly care about the seventh prince?" "You want to stand shoulder to shoulder with Father? What a joke. "

Guvansha snorted. "But I've heard rumors that he's a natural-born saint with limitless potential. I wonder if that's true."

"I'll show you when the time comes. I'll defeat him completely and destroy his halo of a born saint."

Brahma Ru glanced around. "Almost all of the immortal dao disciples here are peerless geniuses. If I could fight them one by one, I'd be delighted."

"That's easy. Once the banquet is over, they'll have to stay here to represent their sects and wait for the court to move the capital.

Father ordered the seventy-two arcane sects of the primordial immortal dao to send their best disciples here to interact with the immortal dao sects. This will lessen their arrogance toward the immortal dao, and at the same time, allow the immortal dao to blend into the mortal world. "Guvasha knew about the court's plan.

"These immortal dao cultivators haven't been in the mortal world for a long time," Brahma Ru said. "They'll gradually develop the mentality that they're like ants in the mortal world. (If this chapter isn't finished, please turn the page.) In fact, some of the immortal dao sects aren't even as strong as sage clans like ours. "

The Legalism, Fan, and Heng clans had all produced sages in the past, and they'd remained standing for millennia. Their foundations surpassed many immortal dao sects. Although the Lei Clan didn't produce a sage, their ancestor was the Thunder God. They weren't any weaker than sage clans.

Lei Tianhui and the Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha had both failed, so they didn't have the face to stay. They left in a hurry and went to the other side of the garden.

Lou Baiyue looked at Gu Chensha in a new light. "I didn't expect your cultivation to improve so much. You'll probably shine in the future." "You flatter me." Gu Chensha waved his hand. "My cultivation isn't worth mentioning. I only relied on two treasures."

"I heard you obtained the Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pill?" Lou Baiyue asked. "Can you give me a few?" "If the Duke has more, I can trade for them with the best I have," Luo Wu said.

Luo Wu also chimed in, "I heard that a large amount of medicinal pills and treasures have gone missing from the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple's treasure vault. One of them was the Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pill. "

Gu Chensha's heart tightened. But then he relaxed. The news of him stealing treasures couldn't be hidden for long. Unless he never showed it to others, there would be traces.

The First Prince would probably find out that he was the culprit behind the Heretic God's flesh and the kidnapping of Long Yuyun's parents.

There were many immortal dao sects and their methods were beyond his imagination. It wasn't surprising that they knew many secrets.

"This has nothing to do with me."

Gu Chensha of course wanted to push the blame away. He was still young. If the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple attacked, he wouldn't be able to hold them off. The fief he worked so hard to build would be reduced to ashes. "I only negotiated with the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong. He helped me with many things. I've already reported this to my father." He pushed the blame to the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong, hoping to cushion the blow.

The Grand Preceptor Wen Hong's cultivation was unfathomable. He tore through the void and his cultivation was close to that of the gods. The Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple and some unruly people didn't dare to look for him. At the same time, it was a deterrent to those with ulterior motives.

"Let's not talk about this." Luo Wu smiled. "If there are any extra Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pills, I really want them. I can give them to the Duke with both hands. " "There are extra, but there aren't many left."

Gu Chensha's heart ached when he thought about the Black Tortoise eating more than three hundred pills. One was enough for a human. Who knew why it ate so many? "I wonder what treasures Fairy Wu has to exchange?" "That depends on what the Duke needs.

Our Mystical Sky Dance Sect is also an orthodox immortal dao sect. Although it isn't as good as the Emperor's royal secret treasury or the Gods' treasure, we still have some wealth. "

Luo Wu's smile was unusually charming. Gu Chensha's heart stirred. He almost had the impulse to give away the Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pills at any cost.

However, after all, he had cultivated the Emperor's Investiture Technique and had also comprehended the Clumsy Punch. He had the high and mighty Emperor's Will on him, so he instantly calmed down. "Fairy, your smile can really turn the world upside down. At least I still have some self-control. Otherwise, I would definitely submit to you." "You have good self-control, Duke. I didn't do it on purpose."

Luo Wu said, "Our Mystical Sky Dance Sect enters the dao with attitude. We can do demonic dances and turn the world upside down. We can also do heavenly maidens scattering flowers and awaken the wisdom of all living beings. Every action of ours contains the supreme principle of influencing people's hearts."

"How about this, if Fairy Wu agrees to help me resist the barbarian Demonic Ape Temple's invasion, you can also come to my fief for a year and teach a few of my disciples." (This chapter is not finished, please continue.)

I am willing to give you the Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pill. "Gu Chensha thought about it and made a request.

"That simple?" Luo Wu was a little surprised.

"That's right."

Gu Chensha thought about it. He didn't have any treasures that he wanted. Now that the layout of his fief was complete, the Black Tortoise absorbed immortal energy and nurtured nine treasures, turning the castle into a real paradise. He had the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, a sword, and an armor. If he wanted other treasures, he would be greedy.

The most important thing now was to deal with the Demonic Ape Temple's revenge. If he could drag the Mystical Sky Dance Sect down with him, it would be much easier.

Also, Luo Wu could turn the world upside down. If she could stay in his fief for a year, who knew how many nobles and nobles would flock to his fief. It would greatly increase the income of his fief. This was the way of the economy. The so-called economy was to help the people.

"That's good. I'll agree."

Luo Wu thought about it and didn't mind. "After the banquet is over and the Emperor summons me, I will go to your fief." "It's a deal."

After agreeing, Gu Chensha turned to Lou Baiyue and said, "Princess, our fief is very close to each other, and there are many connections we have yet to make. We can talk about the Seven Sage Heart Refinement Pill later."

"It seems like you have something important to tell me." Lou Baiyue noticed that there was something wrong with Gu Chensha's expression.

"It is indeed very important."

Gu Chensha nodded, he knew that Lou Baiyue was loyal to the Emperor. He felt that Grand Preceptor Wen Hong said that if the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor wanted to disappear, he should communicate with Lou Baiyue first. If the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor really wanted to disappear, he would have a surefire plan.

"Alright, let's talk about it after the banquet." Lou Baiyue agreed. She looked into the distance and said, "Boss is here." As expected, the First Prince, Gu Hengsha, walked over.

"Nineteenth Brother, you are very strong."

The First Prince, Gu Hengsha, was wearing a scholarly robe. He didn't look like a prince, but more like a scholar. His appearance was very different from the peerless ruler he used to be. However, there was a blood-colored rune in the depths of his left eye and a pitch-black vortex in the depths of his right eye. It was unknown what kind of demonic art he cultivated, but it sent chills down one's spine.

"Big Brother, why do you say that?" Gu Chensha knew that he would have to face his First Prince sooner or later.

"I will take back the things you took from my residence sooner or later." The First Prince, Gu Hengsha, didn't conceal his murderous intent.

"I will take back the things my mother left behind."

Gu Chensha didn't show any signs of fear. "Big Brother, it won't be that easy to bully me like you did when I was young." "Very well."

The First Prince, Gu Hengsha, laughed coldly. "I think it will be very difficult for you to recruit the Baoyu Country." "There is no need for Big Brother to worry about it."

Gu Chensha knew that the sea was Gu Hengsha's territory. He had made Long Yuyun a general and Yu Hanlu the director of the Ministry of Commerce. He had ruined Gu Hengsha's plans on the sea and greatly damaged Gu Hengsha's interests. Gu Hengsha would probably go all out against him.

"Since you insist on going against me, don't blame me." The First Prince, Gu Hengsha, nodded. He glanced coldly at Lou Baiyue and Luo Wu, then turned around and left.

"Big Brother has finally mastered the demonic art. The blood-colored rune in his left eye is the Purgatory Blood Pool's vital energy. He used his willpower to subdue the Blood God's remnant will. The pitch-black vortex in his right eye is the Night Vortex from the Eternal Heavenly Book."

Lou Baiyue flicked her finger and reminded Gu Chensha, "I thought his aptitude was ordinary. I didn't expect it to be so extraordinary. He must have had a fortuitous encounter." (End of Chapter) .50z.