Chapter 567
===========

Since ancient times, the people of the world were like a piece of fat meat. Even God Realm experts needed to spread faith and gather faith power to make up for their own world. Compared to the Demon Race, humans had a huge advantage.

For example, if a God gathered a bunch of demons in his own world and asked them to pray, it would be a mess. They would kill one another and their numbers would decrease. That was because demons didn't care about order and were really chaotic.

Feeding a group of people would allow them to produce, live, and multiply. In just a few decades, they would be able to give birth to several times more children. This was not all. The prayers of humans were clear and sincere. They did not need to be refined at all. They were extremely pure.

The prayers of the Demon Race contained many negative emotions. Even if the God Realm obtained it, they would have to spend a lot of effort to refine it. If not, it would affect their own world and turn it into a Demon Region. This was also why Demon Race God Realm experts were far from human God Realm experts.

At the same realm, Dao Realm 30 Transformation, World Creation, human God Realm experts were much stronger than Demon Race God Realm experts. There were even cases of one against two, one against three, one against many.

The key was that the Demon Race basically stopped at Demon Saint. It was pretty much impossible for them to have three Heaven Venerables.

This was why many Demon Gods loved to capture humans and feed them in their own worlds to provide faith.

Even the Evil God who obtained the True God Realm in the past had barbarian race believers. They didn't like the Demon Race. All in all, humans were a hot piece of meat that was being fought over.

Especially the humans now. Heaven Talisman Emperor trained them so that they were all strong and intelligent. They understood the Dao, knew order, knew etiquette, and used their spirituality. They were all nourishment for God Realm experts.

If one wasn't God Realm, it would be tough for them to accept faith unless they had their own world. For example, Gu Tanjian.

Maha Linfeng had reached the 29 Transformation, Comprehend Chaos Realm. Moreover, he was someone from the Maha Family who didn't come out. He had the talent of a Saint which was why the Celestial Head chose him and made him Gu Huansha's fiancé. He wanted to obtain the faith of the entire world. Once he reached God Realm, he would create his own world and merge in the faith. Naturally, his cultivation speed would be many times faster than normal God Realm experts.

"Those humans who oppose me must be killed and settled."

Wu Dangkong said to Maha Linfeng, "After that, we'll establish order together. I'll ascend to the throne, and your Heavenly Designer Institute will assist me. After that, I'll confer the Deity Throne to you and Gu Huansha. How about it? The great position of a True God enjoyed eternal worship. In addition, there is also the Immortal Master. Naturally, there will also be a True God position. "

"The Immortal Master doesn't need the True God Position. To the Immortal Master, this position is a joke." Maha Linfeng's words made Wu Dangkong's heart clench.

"Then what does Immortal Lord want?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"Let's talk about this in the future. The reason I came here today is to reach an agreement with you. If you want to ascend to the throne, our Celestial Designer Institute will not object. We can even do our best to help you stabilize the situation after the Devil Calamity. You should know that your current reputation is unbearably bad. Without our help, even if the Celestial Designer Institute is destroyed, it will be impossible for you to obtain the recognition of everyone in the world. Even if you carry out a great purge, it will have the opposite effect," said Maha Linfeng.

"Since that's the case, tell me your conditions. Let's see if we can come to an agreement."

In truth, Wu Dangkong was very unhappy in her heart. If it wasn't for the mysterious Immortal Lord behind the Celestial Designer Institute, she would have already fallen out with them. Even the Celestial Designer Institute was in the purge business.

"This is the agreement. Please take a look at it before making your decision." Maha Linfeng took out an agreement and handed it over to Wu Dangkong.

Wu Dangkong took it and swept her gaze over it. Killing intent appeared on her face as she threw the agreement away. "What wishful thinking. Thirty-six True God Positions, temples everywhere, worshipping the Immortal Master as the sole ruler, establishing the Heavenly Court, immortals to immortals, humans to humans, and immortals to mortals. The Immortal Master really has a grand plan. " Fa Wuxian hurriedly took the agreement and read it. Her expression was extremely unsightly.

The Immortal Master wanted to create a grand plan to wrap all the cultivators in the world into a high and mighty 'Heavenly Court', and then cut off the passage to the human world. As the saying went, immortals and mortals would be separated forever. Moreover, this' Heavenly Court 'was the only faith of the people.

"That's right. The Immortal Master wants to say that if there's cultivation, there'll be conflict. It'll be detrimental to the development of the world. If you become a powerful existence, you can destroy the world at any time. How can you let the ordinary people live? It's better to be separated forever. To develop a mechanical civilization among the people, not a cultivation civilization. Over time, the world will be at peace. "Maha Linfeng said." What do you think? " "This plan is too grand. I'm afraid it'll be difficult to achieve."

Wu Dangkong didn't seem to want to fall out with the Immortal Master, but she would definitely not agree to the agreement. "I can't agree to this agreement. If the Immortal Master wants to be the sole ruler, then what about me?"

"If that's the case, then it's a pity. However, as the situation develops, I believe you'll eventually agree to this agreement." Maha Linfeng shook his head and left the place in a flash.

"I didn't expect the Imperial Demon Clan to control the Heavenly Craftsmanship Institute." Xuan An felt that this was a serious matter.

"Not the Imperial Demon Clan, but the Immortal Master," Gu Xuansha said.

The Mysterious Ancient Sand said, "The Celestial Master seems to be an ancient existence. No one knows her exact origin, but many powerful beings in the world are afraid of her. Since ancient times, many disciples who were banished to the Infernal Realm have become her subordinates. Even Maha God is not as ancient as her. She is even more ancient than the three Celestial Masters.

This is all I know. The Black Heaven and Earth Sect has been in charge of the Immortal Dao for many years. They must know the real secret of the Immortal Master. "

"I have to report this to my father," Xuan An said. "I'm afraid only the ancient Sages know the real identity of the Immortal Master." "Now that the Immortal Master has interfered, things have become difficult."

Fa Wuxian said, "We can't control this matter. We can only take it one step at a time. We'll wait for the Demon Disaster to break out before we reap the benefits."

"Keep an eye on the Human Dragon Union and get the treasures of the Buddhist Sect," Wu Dangkong said. "Has the Human Dragon Union done anything in the Sin Province?"

"As usual, they're cultivating, planting, and eliminating the Demon Nature. Many demons have turned into Guardian Vajra. They're already gathering the power of faith. Chairman Qin Han's cultivation is increasing day by day." Fa Wuxian also kept an eye on them.

The Dharma Saint of the Legalism school knew how powerful the treasures of the Buddhist Sect were. They were the best at restraining demons.

The Dharma Saint was very interested in the Paramita World created by the ancient Buddhist Sect. It was something that was close to the Boundless World. He was even determined to get it.

"Also, Fang Lin of the Human Dragon Union is a powerful person. Chairman Qin Han has only received the inheritance of the Buddhist Sect. Fang Lin has been managing the Human Dragon Union, making it flourish. If it weren't for him, the Human Dragon Union would have collapsed in a few days. We have to capture this person."

Wu Dangkong said, "It's not a bad idea if this person joins us. If he's stubborn, we'll kill him immediately." "I can handle this matter." Fa Wuxian beat him to it.

"Next, all we have to do is wait. Once the sky brightens, it will be the time to change the world. For us to be able to witness this moment, our lives will not be in vain." Wu Dangkong's tone contained some excitement.

She controlled the Upper Study Room and was the Regent of the Kingdom. Originally, she had a high position and could do whatever she wanted. But it was a pity that the entire Imperial Court was divided against her. If not for the authority left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign, she would have been arrested and abolished long ago.

Her days were tough and she was condemned by everyone. Therefore, she was eager to change the situation. She wanted to make use of the Devil Calamity to stir up trouble and reverse the situation. Within the Heavenly Designer Institute …

Gu Huan Sha was playing chess with a young girl. This girl was around 20 years old. Her features were like a painting and she looked exquisite. She looked like a beautiful lady from a classical painting.

"Sister Huan Sha, there's about two more hours before the sun rises. The Devil Calamity is about to start. Look at the stars in the sky. They seem to have sensed the baleful aura from the battle between the spirits and demons. It's becoming strange."

The girl pointed at the sky. At this moment, countless stars twinkled in the night sky like eyes observing everything in the world. Many of the stars were shrouded in a faint layer of blood, representing slaughter.

"Sister Suisui is the number one genius of the Maha Clan's younger generation. Even Maha Lin Feng is inferior. This time, she came out to help me manage the situation. It seems like this matter will succeed. "

Gu Huan Sha placed her chess piece and observed the changes of the stars in the sky. These stars could sense the changes in the world and could predict many things in advance. The changes of the stars were a huge field of study.

"Lin Feng has the aptitude to become a Saint. He once defeated the dwarf Zuiji and is sister's fiancé. He can also help sister. "This beautiful girl was called Maha Suisui.

"The dwarf Zuiji was killed by Dou Nineteen, and his foundation was destroyed. The dwarf devil race has lost a Devil Saint, which is a good thing for us. However, God Maha's Prison-Suppressing Obelisk actually fell into the hands of the dwarf devil race and not your Maha Clan. This is a little strange. Could it be that God Maha has some special intentions?"

Gu Huan Sha asked. "This time, I'm working with the Maha Clan. You want to rescue God Maha, but the dwarf devil race is ahead of you. The profundities behind this matter are a little thought-provoking."

"In a battle between spirits and demons, the first wave will give us a great opportunity. However, the chances of dying are also high. Our Maha Clan didn't seize this opportunity because we have a deep foundation.

God Maha is sealed, and if we want to open it, we might have to pay a huge price. It might even lead to the extinction of the dwarf devil race. "Maha Suisui said.