Chapter 815
===========

"His Majesty left behind such a formation?"

Empress Law, Concubine Lei, Concubine Fan, Concubine Shuang, Concubine Heng, Concubine Xuan, Concubine Hong, and Concubine Yun were all intrigued. Even the cold and unfeeling Concubine Shuang was moved. After all, it was left behind by Celestial Talisman Emperor. Only a man like him could move her. "That's right, it's the Celestial Mother Formation.

"That's right, it's the Mother Array Formation. Actually, we've all been tainted by the Emperor's rain and dew. Our bodies have been transformed by the Emperor and we have a special aura. Combining all of this, the Emperor created the Mother Array Formation. If we cultivate it together, we can gather the Mother Qi. Each of us will receive the baptism of the Mother Qi and our cultivation bases will increase by thousands of times. In time, all of you can become an Empyrean like me or even stronger. What do you think?" "Celestial sovereigns? How could it be that easy?"

The Dharma Empress said, "With the help of some secret treasures left behind by the Emperor, I managed to cultivate to the God Realm with great difficulty. I also cultivated day and night, and with some fortuitous encounters, I didn't dare to slack off in the slightest. If you want to cultivate to become a Celestial Venerable, that is simply impossible. You can just say that we can cultivate to become Celestial Venerables.

"Not at all," Peacock said gravely. "Don't you see that Gu Chensha?

By cultivating to the Thirty-Three Transformations and forming a Saint Heart of Truth, he was already a domineering figure who could slaughter all the old-timers in the world. Not even the Immortal Lord and Immortal Master Wan were a match for him. Doesn't that subvert all logic? Gu Chensha was raised by His Majesty himself.

In addition, Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha is His Majesty's son, one of the strongest figures of this era. As the emperor's wives, if we aren't even celestial sovereigns, we'll be tarnishing His Majesty's name. In truth, the past, present, and future of this era have been thrown into chaos, and the dao of heaven has changed. In the future, the celestial sovereign realm will no longer be an unreachable peak. Look, I used the Celestial Mother Formation left behind by His Majesty to successfully condense a trace of Celestial Mother Qi and become a celestial sovereign. " "If that's the case, then take out the formation. Let's study and circulate the formation together."

The Dharma Empress said, "If our magic powers really increase greatly and our cultivation realms improve by leaps and bounds, we will naturally assist you to become the true Lord of All Demons."

"As far as I know, although you've become a celestial sovereign and become an existence comparable to the North Star Emperor, and even your father has become a celestial sovereign, I've heard that there are many talents in the demon race now. Some of the ancient kings of all demons have also been resurrected due to the changes in the dao of heaven, such as the previous generation's Black Dragon Great Sage, Heavenly Roc Great Sage, Four Stars Divine Mother, and so on. After these old-timers were resurrected, not only did they have their own fortuitous encounters, they could also be reborn after a calamity and become celestial sovereigns. Moreover, these old-timers were able to resurrect because there's a mastermind behind them. They also want to seize the destiny of the demon race when the world changes. Although the demon race isn't as strong as humans, they have a large number of people and are superior to the demon race in this world.

Whoever becomes the Lord of All Demons will even be able to obtain a position under the Emperor Of Heaven in the future. Apart from that, even if the dao of heaven changes and the general situation is unclear, the Lord of All Demons can still carve out his own territory and become a feudal lord. He can attack and retreat as he pleases. " At this moment, Concubine Shuang and Ning Qingshuang suddenly spoke.

"Oh?"

Peacock couldn't help but be shocked when she heard Concubine Shuang and Ning Qingshuang's words. She didn't expect this woman to be so well-informed and know so many secrets of the demon race. "I didn't expect Little Sister to be so well-hidden and know so many things."

"Back then, the master of the North Star Ancestor of All Demons was called the Prehistoric Old Man. Rumor has it that he was born from the Prehistoric Dragon Gate. He was extremely powerful and was in the Heavenly Longevity Realm. He worked together with The Great Spirit God and carried out some sort of plan to revive the deceased Lord of All Demons."

Concubine Shuang and Ning Qingshuang said, "Peacock, don't look down on us. I know that your current situation is actually a little difficult and you need our help to activate the Heavenly Mother Formation. Therefore, our cooperation should be equal and not be dominated by you.

I heard that Ancestor Heaven and Earth, Xuan Xin, the three Heavenly Venerables, Dharma Saint, Wu Dangkong, Immortal Master, and Wan Senshi have all split the Boundless Heart into nine parts. Why don't you take out your Heavenly Mother Formation and give it to each of us? "

"Little Sister Qingshuang is very eloquent. His Majesty taught me the Heavenly Mother Formation and I spent a lot of effort and who knows how many fortuitous encounters to refine the embryonic form of the Heavenly Mother Formation. It's not complete.

Forget it, since Little Sister Qingshuang knows that the demon race isn't stable, I have nothing else to say. I'll take out the formation and share it with everyone. "

As she spoke, Peacock shook her hand and a formation containing endless mysteries appeared in front of the many concubines.

"Hm? This is a profound aura … "

At the same time, Gu Chensha, who was still in Sin Prefecture City, suddenly sensed something and looked towards the Wild Continent, at the imperial palace.

The capital of the Wild Continent was grand and majestic. There were tall buildings everywhere, and the imperial palace floated in the sky. It was a huge floating city. Countless commoners believed it to be a miracle, and at the same time, it strengthened the Great Yongchō Court's confidence in being invincible in every battle.

Calamity after calamity, fate after fate, crisis after crisis, they were all easily overcome by the Great Yongchō Court. What else could the court not win?

With Gu Chensha's cultivation, he could already see everything that was happening in the imperial palace.

The imperial palace was of utmost importance. It was impossible for Gu Chensha's Calming Immortal Department to not have any eyes or plans. In fact, everything in the imperial palace, big or small, was under the control of the Calming Immortal Department.

"Interesting. The Demon Race … The Demon Race is indeed huge, but it's too scattered. Even the Lord of Myriad Demons from ancient times is only a title. It's impossible for him to rule over the Demon Race."

Gu Chensha thought to himself, "I didn't expect Imperial Father to have left behind such a formation. However, there's nothing wrong with it. Dealing with Imperial Father's concubines is a problem. Their positions are very awkward. Our Calming Immortal Department can't manage them, and they each have their own sons. In reality, they're also opposing us. Right now, Gu Zhensha, Gu Fasha, Gu Hengsha, and even Gu Fasha are still hiding in the dark. They hate our Calming Immortal Department to the bone. If the world changes and they gain power, they'll immediately become a calamity.

However, since this Heavenly Mother formation was left behind by Imperial Father, there must be a deeper meaning to it. Moreover, this formation might be able to spy on the Emperor Of Heaven to a certain extent. "

Originally, he wanted to make a series of moves, but after careful consideration, Gu Chensha decided to wait and see.

He traveled around Sin Province City, observing the changes. During this period of time, the confrontation between humans and demons seemed to be getting more and more intense. For some reason, the experts of the Demon Race and their armies in the countless layers of the Demon Realm were gathering in the first layer of the Demon Realm, once again forming a huge fortress.

This time, the gathering of the Demon Race was much larger than any of the previous ones. One could even vaguely see the shadows of the Ancient Demon Race among them.

Some of the Ancient Demon Race was rumored to have been extinct, but now it seemed that they were hiding in the deeper layers of the Demon Realm, waiting for the heavenly fate to come out and stir up trouble.

"Very good. Apart from the Heaven Demon, there's actually the Star Demon, the Moon Demon, the Pan Demon, the Jade Demon, the Cloud Demon, the Feather Demon, the Yuan Demon, the Luo Demon, and even the shadows of the Chaos Demon."

Gu Chensha observed the camp of the Demon Race and nodded in his heart. "It seems that in the 36th year of the Heavenly Talisman, the world has changed greatly, and there are many tribulations. Some of the experts of the Demon Race who have been hiding since ancient times have also come out. They were once said to have dissipated in the dust of history, but in reality, these ancient Demon Race are also hiding."

The Heaven Demon Race was the ruler of the Demon Race, but in reality, in ancient history, there was a Demon Race that was even stronger than the Heaven Demon Race, and that was the Chaos Ancient Demon. These Chaos Ancient Demons were actually demonic creatures bred from the chaos, just like the Immortal Master and Wan Senshi. However, they were few in number, and because they knew that they might incur the jealousy of the heavens, they did not dare to come out and act recklessly.

In reality, Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master had only come out in recent years, and had always been in hiding.

"Recently, the Demon Race's army has been getting stronger and stronger, and there are more and more experts. It's not easy to deal with them."

"That's right, we have attacked time and time again, but to no avail. In the past, we could capture some lone Demon Race members, but now we actually fell into the Demon Race's trap and were almost surrounded to death. If not for the people from the Calming Immortal Department, we would probably all be dead."

"I think the Demon Race's invasion this time is no small matter. I don't know if the Demon Subduing Fortress can defend. If it can't, the Demon Race will invade the Sin Province. The Imperial Court must hold on. "

At this time, Gu Chensha saw another team coming out of the teleportation formation in a sorry state.

There were seven or eight people in this team, and they were actually not weak. The strongest person had actually cultivated the 22 Transformations of the Dao Realm, Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth.

In the past, such a realm would have been a top expert, and even now, they were all-powerful Immortals. There were not many of them in the world, and when they entered the Demon Realm to kill the Demon Race, they were much faster than ordinary cultivators, and they could also obtain great benefits.

But now, even such a team had returned in defeat. From this, it could be seen that the Imperial Court's plan to mobilize the people of the world to hunt and train the Demon Race had met with an obstacle.

However, Gu Chensha had long since expected that the Demon Race would not allow the humans to hunt endlessly. They would definitely counterattack, and even attack the Divine Prefecture.