Chapter 399
===========

Only an expert of Xing Qiongshi's level knew how terrifying the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was. He didn't dare to act recklessly. At the same time, he was very curious. What kind of existence was the Heavenly Talisman Emperor? Why was he so strong?

Xing Qiongshi stood at the peak of the myriad of worlds. There were very few people in the world who could deal with him. He was very lonely. He didn't know how to become stronger or how to break through. Therefore, he needed someone to tell him what the path ahead of him was. For this, he was willing to give up his life. This was what it meant to be willing to die in the evening. Xing Qiongshi's personality was different from the three Heavenly Sovereigns.

"Senior, don't be fooled by him. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor is strong, but there's a big problem with him. He hasn't appeared for many years. Rumor has it that he was suppressed by the Heavenly Dao."

Wudang Kong said, "Now that the world is restless, the general trend will collapse, and we need a figure like Senior to come out of nowhere and clean up the country, wash away the stain of the Divine Prefecture's Most Fierce. In the future, it is not impossible to become the Divine Prefecture's Most Immortal, Divine Prefecture's Most Emperor, and Divine Prefecture's Most Powerful Man. History is always written by the victors. If Senior doesn't come out, I'm afraid the Three Great Celestial Venerables will once again control history and the future.

But I know that every time the Three Great Empyreans allow the destiny of the Divine Continent to move according to their own path, their strength will increase, and they will obtain more authority from the Heavenly Dao. Does Senior allow such behavior? "

"That's true. Indeed, if you control the future and let it flow according to your will, you will gain more authority. You're actually able to understand this logic. You're not simple at all."

Xing Qiongshi's tone was a little strange. "That's a logic that only Saints with extremely profound cultivation bases, who have comprehended the transformations of the Extreme Dao of the future, can understand. Furthermore, even Saints find it very difficult to do something like that. There are countless possibilities in the future, and there is no set number. The future is created by humans. If you follow your heart's desire, and allow the entire world to revolve according to your heart's desire, you will be able to obtain a tremendous amount of luck. That luck will allow you to transcend, allow you to pass through tribulations, and even extend your lifespan to obtain eternal life. That's creating the future. " Hearing Xing Qiongshi's words, Gu Chensha seemed to be enlightened. It turned out that future cultivation was about controlling the future.

Of course, with his current cultivation level, he still couldn't comprehend such profundities. He also didn't know how to obtain power even if he could control the future. This was something that transcended the realm of pure cultivation. It was a game of the Heavenly Dao and time.

What happened in the past could not be changed. What happened in the future had not happened yet, so there were countless possibilities.

When one reached 24 Dao Realm Transformations, one would be able to peer into the future. This meant that one would be able to see many things in the future. Of course, maybe if one saw it and prevented such things from happening, the future would also change.

The changes in the future were extremely complicated. Gu Chensha couldn't grasp the mysteries within at all. Of course, it wasn't his turn to comprehend it either. His top priority was to condense as many Golden Cores as possible in his body.

"What do you mean? Does senior agree? "Wu Dang Kong's face lit up with joy when he heard Xing Qiong Shi's words.

"Not bad. Use the Jade Transformation Talisman to melt this jade mountain so that my thoughts can be clearer. Actually, what I am in front of you now is just a thin thread of intent."

Xing Qiongshi said to Wu Dang Kong, "There are a lot of flaws in your current cultivation. If I can recover my ability to think, I can teach you some ways to improve your cultivation. After you cultivate them, defeating this kid before you won't be a problem at all."

"In that case, Senior, please tell me why I can't do anything to him even though my cultivation level is higher than his. How can I possibly kill him?" Wudang Kong's question was very direct, and her voice was filled with killing intent.

Gu Chensha wanted to stop Wu Dangkong, but when he heard this, he stopped. He also wanted to hear what Xing Qiongshi had to say about him.

"I told you a long time ago that this person's body contains many different kinds of bloodlines. His physical body is so strong that it is rare even in the ancient times. The Core Qi that is produced is that of a pure Golden Core King."

"In addition, he has cultivated the Son of Heaven's God Investiture Art and another existence that seems to be even stronger than the Son of Heaven's God Investiture Art. Not only does that cultivation art have the ability to counter the Son of Heaven's God Investiture Art, but it can also complement it. When combined, it gives rise to a special characteristic that can destroy the heavens and extinguish the earth, as well as regenerate the heavens and earth. Naturally, you are no match for that brat, but he has cultivated too many Golden Cores in his body, and circulating them takes a huge toll on his willpower. Every additional Golden Core is actually a burden. It's just like how a strong man wields a broadsword. It's not that the more powerful the better, but the more suitable it is, the better it is. Since ancient times, only one Golden Core has been condensed. Of course, there is a reason for that. The Great Dao is one, and so is Immortality. Golden Cores have the characteristic of Immortality. Now that he has condensed so many Golden Cores, he has scattered the Dao of Immortality.

Gu Chensha was shocked. He knew that Xing Qiongshi was speaking the truth. Someone of her level wouldn't lie to him, and there was no need for her to lie.

"Since it's like that, then please teach me the secret technique, Senior."

Wu Dangkong said, "Senior, you've seen it for yourself. I wanted to use the Talisman to melt the mountain, but he stopped me. If I use the talisman again, he'll definitely stop me again.

Only by teaching me the secret technique will I be able to defeat him. Otherwise, you can forget about escaping. "

Of course, Wu Dangkong wouldn't melt this jade mountain first. He wanted to obtain enough benefits first.

"Xing Qiongshi, this woman is extremely crafty. Even if you teach her the secret technique, she won't truly melt the mountain."

Gu Chensha said, "Because she knows that once she melts the mountain, she probably won't be able to bear the consequences. She'll probably be harmed by you." These words had a double meaning. It was a reminder to Xing Qiongshi and a reminder to Wu Dangkong.

"Senior, as long as you teach me the secret technique, I'll definitely melt the mountain for you." Wu Dangkong hurriedly said, "Can I swear an oath?" "An oath?

I've never believed in such things. The future can be controlled, fate can be manipulated, let alone something like an oath. "

Xing Qiongshi revealed her craftiness. "How about this, use the Talisman to melt the mountain. If he really tries to stop you, I'll teach you the secret technique to defeat him. How about it?"

"Wu Dangkong, if you're not afraid of death, then use the talisman. I definitely won't stop you. Don't think that you'll be fine just by hiding in the Sun Moon Altar. You should know that Xing Qiongshi killed a few ancient Heavenly Emperors back then. She also wants this talisman." Gu Chensha clasped his hands behind his back. "If you're courting death, how can I stop you?"

Gu Chensha didn't believe that Wu Dangkong would really dare to release Xing Qiongshi. She was the most ferocious person in the ancient divine prefecture. Although she didn't look like a peerless ferocious person, who would dare to take the risk?

As expected, even though Wu Dangkong's words were fierce, she really didn't have the courage to use the talisman.

Originally, she could've tested him if Xing Qiongshi hadn't shown herself. But now that she had, she didn't dare.

"What do you think?"

Gu Chensha chuckled coldly. "Xing Qiongshi, I was right. Of course, I wouldn't dare to release someone as powerful as you." "The two of you are scheming against each other. It's quite amusing."

Xing Qiongshi wasn't in a rush. "You two are like fire and water. I'm sure one of you won't be able to endure it any longer and will try to contact me.

You brat, you're almost as cunning as the three Celestial Sovereigns. You even have the Lord of Seven Star backing you up. I think you're more dangerous. Since that's the case, I'll break the balance and teach this woman the secret technique.

Even if she doesn't use the Jade Transformation Talisman to open the jade mountain for me, it doesn't matter. My Xing Qiong Clan doesn't care about opening this little bit of a seal, because I can sense that the world is about to change. At that time, there will be even more interesting changes. At that time, because of the trembling of the world, my seal will be completely opened. I think that damned Heavenly Dao will want to release me to destroy something … " When Gu Chensha heard this, his expression changed. That really might happen.

The Heavenly Dao had undergone a huge change last time. Heaven and earth had been shaken, black qi had devoured the sun, and the Demon Star had descended. Even the seal on the Bottomless Sea of Sin had been broken. Xing Qiongshi could still think, so perhaps she really did sense something. Even Gu Chensha felt that even if he didn't release her, she would definitely come out. Just as he was thinking, Xing Qiongshi seemed to really send some thoughts into Wu Dangkong's mind.

In that instant, Wu Dangkong seemed to gain enlightenment. His eyes shone brightly, and countless strands of vital energy flowed into his body. The third of magic power that Gu Chensha had just absorbed was completely replenished.

"So that's how it is, so that's how it is …" Wu Dangkong said, "The Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art can be used like this. Xing Qiongshi really is someone who killed the Son of Heaven in the ancient times. She knows the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art very well and has a lot of battle experience.

Gu Chensha, you never would have dreamed that I would have such a fortuitous encounter. Just now, you almost killed me. Now, I'll let you have a taste of the backlash of a Golden Core. "

As he spoke, Wu Dangkong formed a seal with his hands. Immediately, a ripple came out of his body and formed a strange rhythm. It didn't have any attack power.

However, Gu Chensha suddenly felt that the world had changed. There was a slight change in the magnetic field around him, but it was this slight change that caused the 18 Golden Cores in his body to become unstable. Crack, crack, crack …

In that instant, the eighteen Golden Cores in his acupuncture points seemed to go crazy. The Core Qi runes lost some kind of circulation and were about to explode at any moment.