Chapter 200
===========

"That day, I saw numerous Demon Stars descend into the world. Logically speaking, when the Demon Star Energy falls into the ground, there should be a special characteristic. But these few days, I have been searching among the people and there are actually no signs."

Xiao Wujin frowned, "So, I sent an elder to find Buzhou Palace to get the Zhou Tian Instrument and use it to calculate." "The Zhou Tian Instrument has fallen into Wen Hong's hands and we can't take it back."

Jian Chengkong wanted to kill once more, "This person is really a sh * t stick. His attitude is really ambiguous, nurturing Xian Chao and the others to go against Heaven Talisman Emperor. At the same time, he is trying to get close to those three b * tches. Does he want to benefit from both sides? " "He has his own plans, but if he goes against us, he will die sooner or later."

Xiao Wujin waved his hands, "Our Celestial Path's highest ancestor, the three Heaven Venerables, are about to return. Along with them will be many Taoist Ancestor Celestial. At that time, our overall strength will increase by dozens of times! Let's see how strong that dog Emperor is to be able to fight against us. "

Jian Chengkong said, "Actually, the thousands of Demon Stars that descend into the world definitely have a Star Lord. As long as we can find the person who reincarnated, we will be able to control the other Demon Stars. I think the Imperial Court will do something." "We have to be one step ahead."

Xiao Wujin said, "Let's walk around and maybe we can obtain some sort of fortuitous encounter. The sect's Grand Elder calculated that the two of us have huge fortuitous encounters and we will have a chance to achieve great things in the future."

"Unfortunately, even if one cultivates the Golden Core of the Great Dao, one will only have 1,000 years of lifespan. Even if one becomes a god, one will only have 10,000 or even tens of thousands of years of lifespan."

Jian Chengkong thought about it and shuddered, "I personally saw it. Our sect had a Grand Elder who was about to reach Dao Realm Transformation 30. But after 3,000 years of lifespan, his energy dissipated and he died in the end." "Even after reaching Dao Realm Transformation 30, one will only have 3,000 years of lifespan."

Xiao Wujin said, "Unless a God Talisman appears and one can become a god, one's lifespan will increase by several times or even ten times. Unfortunately, the God Talisman hasn't appeared yet. "

"Then we can only find the Primeval Dragon Gate. This treasure can also increase one's lifespan. The three ancient Celestial Venerables and Li Wanlong have all entered this gate. Unfortunately, the number of people who obtained this opportunity was even fewer.

I shudder at the thought of cultivating painstakingly for three thousand years and still turning into dust. But this time, with the great changes of the world, there might be a chance to obtain immortality, "Jian Chengkong said.

"Let's go. We still have many chances." Xiao Wujin's body flashed and disappeared. Jian Chengkong also disappeared. The two great mystical sects began to make arrangements.

At this time, the court meeting was also dismissed. After a round of discussion in the court, the Department of Tranquil Immortals had another mission, and that was to search among the commoners for a person who had reincarnated with the aura of the stars.

Everyone in court knew that this was the emperor continuously expanding the authority of the Celestial Calming Department. He truly wanted to raise Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and the Fourth into pillars of the empire. Of course, the three of them didn't make the Heaven Talisman Emperor lose face.

Take the weakest among them, Gu Chensha, for example. In the past two years, he had been pretending to be crazy. However, once he left the capital city, he killed the Four Great Demons, recruited subordinates, allied with Dragon Sword Island and Precious Jade Nation, established a fief, and obtained a huge amount of wealth. In an instant, his wings had become plump. That was not all. His cultivation had made continuous breakthroughs. The battle at Buzhou Palace in the Burial Grounds had truly shocked many people of the older generation.

He killed the three barbarian kings and fought with the Lightning Beast King Lei Wusha, who was at the 14th transformation, and killed him. He had already become a terrifying existence that even celestial path disciples feared.

To be able to kill the Lightning Beast King, who was at the 14th transformation, many experts had to think twice.

Logically speaking, even if a monster king like Lei Wusha couldn't win, he could escape. How could he have been killed? After the Seventh Prince's court meeting, he returned to his own land.

His land was a few thousand miles away from the palace but it wasn't much to him. He was already a Dao Realm Transformation Nine expert and his Xiantian Energy was really thick. If he flew, he would be able to reach his land in four to four hours.

Moreover, he had some strong treasures on him. After all, he was a prince with a deep foundation. Although Gu Chensha had caught up, even a broken ship had three nails.

"Old Jin."

After returning to the residence, he saw that Jin Suibo was waiting for him. He was slightly furious, "You were the one who convinced Luo Xiu? He brought the other second and third-rate celestial sects to join Calming Celestial Department? Why did you betray me? " "Seventh Master, please calm down. I was helping you."

Jin Suibo did not panic in the slightest. "If it wasn't for my glib tongue that made the three great sects pledge their allegiance to the Tranquil Immortal Department, the Nine Swords Mysterious Gate would not have been truly angry and killed the Tranquil Immortal Department." "Oh?

You are causing a war between Calming Celestial Department and Celestial Path? "The Seventh Prince's expression changed," Let's go, let's talk in the reading room. "

The two of them walked into the reading room and the Seventh Prince realized that there was actually one more person there.

That person was really calm and composed. He wasn't old, around 17-18 years old. The most obvious thing was the bone ring on his finger. It was actually Gu Tanjian. Crown Prince Gu Hengsha's son.

"Seventh Uncle, recently you have been praised by the Emperor Grandfather." Gu Tanjian twisted the The Great Spirit God Ring on his finger. He didn't even stand up and just spoke casually.

"Nephew, you seem to be too arrogant. You didn't even bow when you saw me."

For some reason, Seventh Prince Gu Fasha felt really annoyed when he saw Gu Tanjian. He flicked his finger and a streak of Xiantian Energy shot over.

Gu Tanjian smiled and reached out with his hand. A ball of lightning appeared on his claw and dissipated the Xiantian Energy.

"Your cultivation …" Gu Fasha was shocked. His flick was a top technique of the Legalists and even people at the same realm as him would find it hard to block. Gu Tanjian was actually able to dissipate it so easily, "Even Big Brother can easily dissipate my finger. You aren't Gu Tanjian."

"Seventh Uncle, you underestimate me. Father's cultivation is similar to yours, but that is because both of you have top-grade talent. You have already reached the peak."

Gu Shengjian laughed coldly. "Based on history, people with good talent can only reach Dao Realm Eight Transformations at most, and it might even be impossible.

It is impossible for one to break through to the Glass Jade Body. Now that Seventh Uncle has broken through, that is a heaven-defying act. It is already good that he didn't bring disaster. One must know that with Seventh Uncle's talent, if he does such a heaven-defying thing, when he absorbs spiritual energy, he will be attacked by an invisible demon. "

"What are you trying to say?" Gu Fasha looked at him for a while and was shocked, "You have top talent, so how is that possible?

A year ago, your talent was just top-grade. Moreover, when you were young, you weren't even top-grade talent.

This was only because you wore the Great Spirit God Ring from a young age. It affected your mind and affected your mind, allowing you to be cleansed by the God Power. Only then did your talent change. "

"Right, I was born with mid-grade talent. In a rich family, I could protect the family and not be a playboy. But in the royal family, it is not enough."

Gu Shengjian said slowly, "And in the Immortal Dao, there are many secret pills and magic treasures that can at most raise one's aptitude to high-grade. It's impossible for one to become a genius, because the difference between genius aptitude and high-grade aptitude is just too great. Only the Primordial Dragon Gate or some secret sacrificial ritual in the Heaven Offering Talisman can allow one to break through and become a genius."

"What you mean is that you obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman?" Gu Fasha was shocked, "I really underestimated you." "That's not it."

A mysterious smile appeared on Gu Shengjian's face. "But there were gods in ancient times who had obtained the alchemical pills sacrificed by the Son of Heaven, or some things left behind by the Dragon Sect of the Primordial Era … That can raise one's aptitude. I have some things here. Although they can't raise Seventh Uncle's aptitude to that of an unparalleled genius, it's still possible for him to become a genius." "What?"

Gufasa found it harder and harder to understand this Gu Zhanjian. This person was originally unremarkable, but now, he was so mysterious and unfathomable. Recently, no matter what pills he ate or how hard he trained, he didn't have the ability to multitask. This was a problem with talent.

Moreover, when he cultivated and absorbed Spirit Qi recently, he always felt nervous. He found that when he absorbed Spirit Qi, there would occasionally be evil thoughts trying to invade his mind. This was a formless demon.

In the Spirit World, not all Spirit Qi was pure. Many Spirit Qi had been contaminated by demonic qi and evil thoughts. Once he absorbed it, it would be very dangerous.

That was why he chose to use formations to gather Spirit Qi and then set up demon-subduing formations to purify the Spirit Qi before absorbing it. However, this was very troublesome and inefficient. Because of this, he desperately wanted to raise his talent at all costs.

"What method do you have to make me a genius?"

He calmed down and stared at Gu Tanjian. He knew that the eldest prince was very vicious, but it seemed that Gu Tanjian was far more vicious than the eldest prince.

"Of course I have a way."

Gu Tanjian said, "For example, the ancient Son of Heaven killed a tiger and a wolf as a sacrifice and obtained a Tiger Wolf Pill, which could raise one's talent to mid-level. But if you killed a King Dragon as a sacrifice, you obtained a Dragon Raising Pill, which could raise one to a genius. If you killed a divine dragon as a sacrifice, you obtained a Dragon Nurturing Pill, which could raise one to an unparalleled genius."

"I've read about all this in ancient books. How can I not know?" Gu Fasha said. "The King Dragon is a Great Path Golden Core expert. How can you capture it?

Besides, it's unknown whether there are still dragons in the world, and the divine dragon is almost like a god.

Besides, even if you capture the King Dragon, you won't get a Dragon Raising Pill without the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman. " "I have a Dragon Raising Pill," Gu Tanjian said with a chuckle.

"What do you want?"

Gu Fasha frowned. "Even the celestial path sects would fight for such a pill. Would you give it to me so easily?"

"Of course not. But I want to do something, and I need Fa Wuxian's help. If Seventh Uncle has a way, I can give the Dragon Raising Pill to you." Gu Tanjian turned the The Great Spirit God Ring.