Chapter 1061
============

Enslaving the Universe

Fate was so mysterious. Even if one was the Son of Heaven's Path and was destined to be the protagonist, with the passage of time, one would lose his aura and eventually vanish into the crowd.

"Why, why is my fate greatly reduced?"

At this time, Teddy Lin Yu also discovered the situation. It turned out that he was very close to the Arcane Network. Almost as soon as he thought about it, the entire Arcane Network would respond. It felt like the entire Arcane Kingdom belonged to him and he could take whatever he wanted.

But now, the authority had been greatly reduced, and the communication with the Arcane Network had become extremely obscure.

It was like in a dynasty, the Crown Prince, who was originally favored by the emperor, suddenly fell out of favor one day and the other princes were favored. In the court, the Crown Prince's words were somewhat ineffective. It was a very bad feeling. Teddy Lin Yu felt like he was going crazy. But then he felt Meholly's malice.

"Meholly is not a good person, I've long felt it. This person is the most despicable existence. He actually wants to fatten me up and then devour me so that he can advance to the Immortal Realm, the Supreme Immortal Realm."

In fact, after Teddy Lin Yu advanced to the Heavenly Path Realm, his communication with the Arcane Network was extremely close. He understood many things one by one, but he was also feigning civility with Meholly.

Meholly had the Supreme Immortal Realm gourd that Fa Wuxian had transformed into. Until now, it could be said to be the number one treasure in the multiverse. Whoever obtained it could advance to the Supreme Immortal Realm. Teddy Lin Yu also wanted it.

"Meholly, I think there's a bad side to things, but don't worry. After all, I'm the first Son of Heaven's Path. Although my fate has been plundered, if I kill the person who shared my fate with me, I can advance further. I need your help in this matter. "At this time, Teddy Lin Yu said.

"That's right."

"Even if I consumed this teddy Lin Yu, I wouldn't be able to get rid of Fa Wuxian's sealing mark, nor would I be able to reach the Invincible Deathless level. I might as well use him to make a big deal out of it. If I consumed that young Arcana Master, then the teddy Lin Yu would be complete, and I would be able to reach the Invincible Deathless level.

Moreover, this person is now under my control, and he doesn't even know that he has accepted my power. The power of my gourd has already seeped into his body, and even the Arcane Network doesn't know. Using this opportunity, I can actually infiltrate the Arcane Network. Unfortunately, if this Teddy Lin Yu had always been the Son of the Heavenly Dao, I could have used this opportunity to turn him into a puppet and seize the Arcane Network. "

This was like a powerful official controlling the crown prince. If the crown prince ascended to the throne, the powerful official could steal the country and become a thief.

If it weren't for that young Arcana Master appearing out of nowhere, Meholi might have succeeded. Unfortunately, the young Arcana Master's appearance had disrupted everyone's plans.

Even Gu Chensha hadn't expected this. However, Gu Chensha was actually quite happy with this small mishap. After all, at his level, everything was under his control. It was actually quite boring. He needed something to escape his control and give him a pleasant surprise.

This young Arcana Master had actually created the Eternal Soul Enslavement Technique, greatly enriching the arcana system and gaining the favor of the Arcane Network. With this kind of contribution, it was only natural that he would become the Son of the Heavenly Dao.

"This young Arcana Master is called Lin Xiaofan. He was originally a slave from the Outerverse, but he was captured and brought here. Later on, he awakened the power of arcana and became an Arcana Master. After making many contributions, he finally became an ordinary soldier of the Arcane Guild. However, he offended one of the giants of the Arcane Guild, the Thaya Family. As a result, he was greatly suppressed and even caused the deaths of a few of his girlfriends, family, and friends." In an instant, all of the information was transmitted into Gu Chensha's mind.

From birth until now, all of the little things he had experienced and comprehended were not leaked to Gu Chensha.

This young Arcana Master called Lin Xiaofan was indeed a one-in-a-billion genius. When it came to arcana research, he often had sudden ideas and was able to fully display the essence of many arcana techniques in the most minute of details.

As such, his contributions to arcana techniques were extremely huge. He was able to improve the entire arcana system, allowing the Arcane Network to take a qualitative leap. This was why he had gained the favor of the Arcane Network.

"Eternal Spirit Enslavement!"

At this moment, the young Arcana Master Lin Xiaofan once again activated his self-created Eternal Spirit Enslavement technique, enslaving all of Hong's army of Ankylosaurus into his subordinates. Tens of thousands of Ankylosaurus swam around him, forming a large formation.

"Arcana Technique, External Transformation!"

The young Arcana Master Lin Xiaofan once again activated the secret of an unparalleled arcana technique. Immediately, these Ankylosaurus took on the appearance of humans. They were Arcana Masters who were similar to him, but the power within their bodies was still the same. In fact, they had even gained some powerful skills.

"Arcana Technique, Apprentice Inheritance!" At this moment, another explosive arcana technique exploded from his body. The Ankylosaurus that had taken on human form also began to use arcana techniques. In other words, these Ankylosaurus had actually turned into Arcana Masters!

This was simply inconceivable. In order for a person to awaken the power of the soul and become an Arcana Master, other than their own comprehension, basically no one else could help them. Even an Arcana Master at the Heavenly Dao Realm could not do this.

But now, the young Arcana Master Lin Xiaofan had activated the Arcana Technique, the Ankylosaurus that had taken on human form had actually awakened their arcana talents. That was no less than another earthquake.

The Arcana Technique, Apprentice Inheritance, was much more powerful than the Eternal Spirit Enslavement.

One had to know that it was the most powerful divine skill that could intuitively awaken the power of the soul and obtain arcana.

If it was spread out, the Arcana Masters could accept disciples in the future and directly turn their disciples into Arcana Masters. Not to mention anything else, the Arcana Kingdom's population would explode in an instant. Of course, it would also cause a lot of social unrest and unrest. It would completely break the structure of the Arcana Kingdom.

But overall, for the overall significance of the Arcana Kingdom, it was a truly epoch-making and revolutionary progress.

"It seems that I've underestimated the young Arcana Master Lin Xiaofan. He's actually able to understand this arcana."

Gu Chensha nodded again. He felt that the Arcana World and the Arcana Kingdom were about to change, and it was a drastic change. The Arcana Network was boiling again, and there was no doubt that he would benefit the most from it. The great change of the Arcana Kingdom was what he needed. Those Ankylosaurus were God-level masters, and some of them were even in the Sage Realm.

But now, after these Ankylosaurus were enslaved by the Eternal Spirit Enslavement, they were transformed in appearance, and they had undergone the Arcana Technique Apprentice Inheritance. In an instant, they had become arcanists loyal to the young Arcana Master Lin Xiaofan.

That was to say, in an instant, Lin Xiaofan had tens of thousands of Arcana Masters who had reached the God-level and the Sage Realm as his followers.

The Eternal Spirit Enslavement guaranteed their loyalty, and they wouldn't betray him even if they died. Moreover, there was the existence of the Soul Shackles between them, and they could communicate with each other. In an instant, they became a whole.

Sure enough, Lin Xiaofan quickly formed an army, and they actually killed their way into the depths of the space-time tunnel and disappeared.

He didn't stay in the Arcana Kingdom, because he knew that if he stayed in the Arcana Kingdom, he would probably cause a huge stir. Countless arcana giants would come looking for him, and at the same time, whether he could survive or not was a problem.

Because the arcana he created was too incredible, it could directly subvert the current structure of the Arcana Kingdom.

For example, in the current Arcana Kingdom, those who awakened their arcana talent were the upper class, the noble arcanists. It was all based on their own understanding, no one could create it. Once it was created, there would be arcanists everywhere, and they could be created by humans. That was a terrifying thing. It was like in an ordinary feudal dynasty, someone had refined the elixir of immortality.

If the elixir of immortality was obtained by the emperor, he could rule the world forever. How terrifying was that? So, Lin Xiaofan had to escape.

When he grew stronger again, to the highest realm, to a level that no one could compare to, he would come back and promote his own ideas.

"Arcana, hide life and death." "Arcana, vanish completely." "Arcana, disappear from the heavens."

In an instant, Lin Xiaofan once again activated three arcana skills to hide his escape, and all traces disappeared. He didn't know which universe he had gone to. However, in the eyes of Gu Chensha, he had nowhere to hide.

After a while, Lin Xiaofan entered the depths of a desolate universe. The universe was very desolate, there was nothing, and there were dead planets everywhere. These planets were also on the verge of destruction. Some stars were dim, and they emitted light weakly.

"This dead universe is just right for me to hide in. In my arcana, there is a power called resurrection, that is to use the power of my own soul to inject into the dead universe, so that the universe will be revitalized. As long as I can save this dying universe, my cultivation will skyrocket." Lin Xiaofan looked at the huge dead universe as if he had picked up a treasure.

Arcanists had two sides, on one side, they inherited the way of plundering and survival in the old world, on the other side, they inherited the creation technique of the new world.

The way of cultivating in the old world was to constantly absorb energy from the outside world to strengthen oneself.

As for the way of cultivating in the new world, it was to constantly release one's own soul force, and then create an entire external world, making the external world more abundant. The two were completely different.

Now that Lin Xiaofan had escaped from the arcana world and chosen a dead universe, it was the perfect place for him to cultivate.

"I can feel the desire of this dead universe for survival!"

Lin Xiaofan said, "The remnant will of this universe is unwilling to die, and I can help it now. Maybe I can sign a contract with this universe, and it will be an eternal soul slavery contract."