Chapter 479
===========

Gu Chensha was like a mouse in a granary, excited and nervous. He had not expected to encounter such an opportunity.

"This is the Dharma Saint breaking free from the Heavenly Dao. There will definitely be a tribulation. Coincidentally, I managed to grab hold of this tribulation point. It can be seen that the Tranquil Fairy Department is indeed lucky." Gu Chensha saw the chaotic situation in the Dharma Realm and vaguely understood something.

The Dharma Saint was doing something that defied the heavens. It would be strange if there was no tribulation. Even a Sage would find it difficult to grasp the tribulation.

Not to mention a Sage, even someone as powerful as the number one fiend of the Divine Continent, Xing Qiong Shi, would die in that tribulation.

At this time, a huge tribulation descended on all the Dharma Realms. Gu Chensha seized the opportunity to reap as many benefits as possible.

First, he had devoured the Hong Meng Holy Pill, then refined the Dharma Tree, and now he had obtained the Manifestation Destruction Staff. He had made a huge profit, but he was still not satisfied.

"These ancient Buddha treasures are also good stuff. Each one is equivalent to the Buzhou Palace. I can subdue and absorb them." Gu Chensha had his eyes on the Ancient Thunderclap Temple and the Minor Moni Buddhist Pagoda.

He first entered the Ancient Thunderclap Temple with a sway of his body. With a slight transformation, he familiarized himself with the characteristics of the treasure. Then, he simulated the Buddha nature. The Heavenly Dao could simulate everything.

He realized that after devouring the Hong Meng Holy Pill, his control of his Dharmic powers had improved. He could seize and refine treasures even faster. He transformed into the Heavenly Dao and wrapped himself around the treasure, immediately becoming a part of it. Gradually, he seeped into it and activated the treasures' characteristics to control the key points.

"The Heavenly Dao is really mysterious! No wonder the Dharma Saint pursued this all his life. "

Gu Chensha transformed into the Buddha nature and grasped the key points of the Ancient Thunderclap Temple. He suddenly borrowed the power of the Life's Wish sphere and infused it.

The Ancient Thunderclap Temple was also under his control, and he directly sent it into the Life's Wish sphere.

"Alright!"

He did the same thing and put away the Little Moni Buddhist Pagoda. Then, he aimed at the Three Realms Seal. Within the Life's Wish sphere, Zhuge Ya's face was also filled with joy.

In the depths of the sphere, there was a black hole vortex. Viscous liquid kept flowing out of the black hole vortex. This liquid was the color of crystal, and it was transparent. There were many bubbles within it, and the power of creation was constantly being created and destroyed. This was the pure power of the world, stolen by Gu Chensha from all the Dharma Realms.

In that short period of time, the Life's Wish sphere had already stolen at least ten years of the Dharma Realm's savings.

However, compared to the seven or eight thousand years of accumulation of the Dharma Realm, this was simply a drop in the bucket. It was nothing. Fortunately, Gu Chensha did not stop stealing treasures.

The two treasures equivalent to the Buzhou Palace, the Little Thunderclap Ancient Temple and the Little Muni Buddhist Pagoda, were taken away. It appeared inside the sphere and emitted a Buddha-nature that was peaceful and peaceful.

Zhuge Ya pointed out and the vines of the Tree of Wishes wrapped around the two magical treasures, wrapping them up and wriggling about to absorb them as well.

"Three Realms Seal, collect!"

At this time, Gu Chensha aimed at the Three Realms Seal again. This Three Realms Seal was refined by the ancient Son of Heaven, so it was easier for him to collect it.

In a short while, the Three Realms Seal was completely under his control, and he sent it into the Life's Wish sphere.

He once again found the feeling of entering the Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos and plundering without restraint.

Hong Meng Holy Pill, Dharma Tree, All-encompassing Obliteration Rod, Little Thunderclap Ancient Temple, Little Muni Buddhist Pagoda, and the Three Realms Seal.

These six treasures were all ancient treasures. None of them could be refined by current cultivators. Even a god-tier expert would find it difficult to refine them.

The Legalists had spent a lot of effort to collect these treasures. Now that they had met with a calamity, all of them had fallen into Gu Chensha's hands. Rumble!

He had just collected the Three Realms Seal when all the Law Realms' essence qi rippled even more violently. Space shattered everywhere. If he did not have Chang Weiyang, Wen Hong, and Tai Xuan Du's talismans protecting him, as well as the Life's Wish sphere's world power, he would have been torn apart long ago.

Even with the quality of the Heavenly Law Technique, his realm was still very low. He could not interfere in a battle between a god-tier expert or a Saint.

Fortunately, he did not want to interfere. The more chaotic the Law Realms were, the better. That way, he could steal world power to replenish the Life's Wish sphere.

Moreover, he was becoming more and more familiar with the Law Realms, and he also started to understand some of the Dharma Saint's secrets.

"Devour, change!" He devoured the power in large gulps. The world power in the Life's Wish sphere started to gather. Eleven years, twelve years, thirteen years, fourteen years, fifteen years …

Every few breaths, the power he stole was equivalent to a year's worth of world power in the Law Realms, which saved the Life's Wish sphere many years of evolution.

Only by stealing like this could he quickly shorten the distance between the Celestial Tranquility Department and the aristocratic families.

The Life's Wish sphere expanded rapidly, and the space within it stabilized. It activated its original ability, giving rise to many layers of space. How powerful was the Legalism's accumulation?

There were thirteen god-tier experts, a large number of grand elders, and countless disciples offering incense to their ancestors every day. The Dharma Saint's teachings spread, and they could obtain a lot of wish power. Even if this power was accumulated for a year, it would still be unbelievably vast.

Now that they were being robbed year after year, Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya were overjoyed. Even though they were calm, they could not suppress their excitement.

In the process of absorbing the power, the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise were all smiles. They absorbed the power, and through the Tree of Hope and the Taiyi Pearl, they obtained the essence, and they were also rapidly evolving. This time around, the Celestial Tranquility Department had profited greatly.

However, Gu Chensha still felt that the situation was grim. He had taken advantage of the Dharma Saint's tribulation to become a great thief here, but compared to the Dharma Saint's achievements, he was like a child playing house.

As long as the Dharma Saint got through this tribulation, he would be able to suppress the entire Celestial Tranquility Department with just a flip of his hand.

Moreover, the Celestial Tranquility Department still had two enemies — the Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor. He had truly seen the Legalism's foundation. It was far too powerful.

Even if he obtained a lot of treasures, the losses he would suffer when dealing with the Legalism would only be a drop in the ocean.

The Legalism's greatest core was the thirteen Divine level experts, in addition to the Dharma Saint and all the Law Realms. As long as nothing happened to these three great trump cards, the Legalism would not be shaken.

Gu Chensha knew this very well. Therefore, he was still unwilling to accept this. He wanted to gain more benefits and expand the Celestial Tranquility Department's power as much as possible. When the time came, he would have more capital to resist. 'Divine level experts!

Right now, our Celestial Tranquility Department lacks Divine level experts to hold down the fort. If it's Zhuge Ya, Baiyue, or me, or even if the Black Tortoise baby cultivates to the Divine level, we'll be able to suppress the situation. However, even if it's Zhuge Ya who wants to cultivate to the Divine level, it'll still take several decades. 'Gu Chensha was very anxious.

Based on the current situation of the world, the tribulation would probably erupt within ten years. It might not even need ten years.

It was impossible for the Celestial Tranquility Department to produce a Divine level expert within ten years. It was impossible no matter how fast it was. 'What other treasures are there in all these Law Realms?'

Gu Chensha did not dare to spread out his magic power. The turbulence here was very terrifying, and all the Law Realms' powers were being activated. All of a sudden, holy light appeared once again at the highest point of all the Law Realms. 'This is bad. The Dharma Saint's powers are increasing rapidly. I can't stay here any longer.'

Gu Chensha was astonished. He immediately left behind a hint of Dou Nineteen's aura and then left this place.

If he did not leave and was greedy for the treasures, he would probably die here and expose many flaws.

He was very patient and extremely calm. He knew that he could not do anything, so he immediately left. He still had things to do!

That was to transform into Fa Wuxian, kill the dwarf Abandoned, and make the Legalists and the dwarf demons fall out.

Even if he could not fall out, he could delay the eruption and do everything possible to buy more time. Whoosh! He completely left all the Law Realms.

After leaving, he appeared in the Legalists' palace complex. He found that the entire palace complex was enveloped by a layer of light, and there was no sign of the disaster. This meant that the Legalists still had many tricks up their sleeves.

"The Dharma Saint has survived the tribulation and truly returned to the world. The situation is extremely dangerous …" Gu Chensha said, "However, he should not have completely stabilized yet. I'll take this opportunity to kill the dwarf Abandoned. Natural Saint … No, I should say Natural Saint Demon. " When he saw the dwarf Abandoned, he had already locked on to his aura. At this time, he sensed slightly and found that the dwarf Abandoned had not left the Law Province.

The dwarf Abandoned stood high in the sky at the edge of the Law Province and looked at the Legalists' palace complex that was glowing. He carefully observed, and a deep calculation appeared in his eyes. "The Dharma Saint seems to have encountered a tribulation, but this tribulation is not a problem for him. Should I take advantage of this tribulation to go to the Legalists and obtain some treasures? It seems that won't work. " He looked for a long time, shook his head, and quickly left.

Soon, he flew out of the Divine Central Continent and reached the Wildlands. He did not return to the Demon Domain. It seemed that he wanted to go to the gathering place of the demons, the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons, and visit Li Wanlong.

He stopped in the sky above the Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos in the Wildlands. He looked down at the temple, which had completely turned into a military camp. Many Great Yongchō soldiers were stationed there, moving resources to and fro. A wide road passed through the mountains, waterfalls, and swamps, reaching the distance.

This desolate wilderness was now filled with adventurers and merchants. They had built houses, and at the same time, they had opened up fields and manors. It was as if they wanted to turn this desolate wilderness, which had been desolate for hundreds of millions of years, into a true human town.

"Back then, the Demonic Ape Temple of Chaos shook countless worlds. Now, its temple has been occupied by others. These damned humans …" A bloody light appeared in the dwarf Abandoned's eyes. It seemed like he wanted to raise his hand and attack the mortals below, but he held back in the end. He looked at the faraway Tranquil Fairy Department and the castles that Gu Chensha had built. Then, his eyes flashed fiercely, as if he could see through the void.