Chapter 890
===========

"Why is there such an arrogant person in the world? Dragon Soars into the Sky!"

Gu Chensha accurately grasped the changes in the divine will, and immediately shook his head. 'This Long Xiangtian actually wants to use the inexhaustible dragon in his body as a primer to refine the Great Stone Wall and turn it into his own treasure. He even wants to secretly steal the imperial court's karmic luck, so that the imperial court's karmic luck can only eat his leftovers.

This is like pulling the firewood from under the cauldron. His ambition surpasses even that of the Primordial Mystic Sand and the Primordial Heaven Sand. But he knows very well that he's getting closer to his goal. " In terms of plans, Dragon Soars into the Sky really could succeed. There was a lot of hope.

When was a person's psyche at its purest? Naturally, it was during enlightenment. That sort of psyche was the most transcendent, and if one could absorb that sort of psyche, they would become the king of sacrifices.

The substances that could be extracted from it would definitely surpass the heavenly daos, and would require boundless imagination and the spirit of breakthroughs.

Gu Chensha had extracted quite a bit of it, and used it to create the true divine prefecture within the Dragonless Gourd.

With the aid of these enlightened sacrifices, Gu Chensha seemed to be able to create a perfect divine prefecture that surpassed the divine prefecture of the Central Plains, a true divine prefecture.

The divine prefecture was the strangest land that the heavenly daos had ever created, and the substances extracted from the hearts of the people had certain characteristics that surpassed the heavenly daos. If they could create a divine prefecture, it would be far more powerful than the divine prefecture itself.

After the Great Stone Wall became a land of enlightenment, the vast amounts of enlightened psyche, the king of sacrifices, had seeped into it, making the Great Stone Wall a treasure that surpassed the Primordial Tree, the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, and the Dragon Gate of the Primitive Wilderness.

The Great Stone Wall itself was the most powerful magic treasure. It could suppress the destiny of the divine prefecture, and even separate it from the Four Wilds.

Gu Chensha knew that the Great Stone Wall could be of help to him at the most critical moment. In the future, when he subjugated the Four Wilds and the divine prefecture, the Great Stone Wall would fuse with them and become a critical aid.

And now, this youth, Dragon Soars into the Sky, wanted to take the Great Stone Wall. His vile actions had shaken the foundation of the imperial court.

However, Gu Chensha didn't immediately make a move to kill them. He could already tell that the destiny of this small team was exuberant, and simply couldn't be suppressed. With such destiny, if he were to make a move, not only would he not be able to subdue them, but he would also be able to cause them to encounter one fortuitous encounter after another. They would be able to survive in the face of death, grow rapidly, and form a true enemy.

Of course, Gu Chensha didn't care about this. If he forcibly exerted his power, he could kill this young man and his team. However, his body was in the Divine Land, refining the Four Wilds, monitoring the world, and searching for the Emperor Of Heaven, so he had to spare some energy to observe the movements of the Ancient Mystic Sand and the Ancient Heaven Sand. Most importantly, he had to prevent the series of variables caused by the battle between the Heavenly Dao and the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. Therefore, he could not divert too much of his power. Moreover, Long Xiangtian was one of the variables.

In the future, there was no such person as Long Xiangtian. The others such as the Nine Heavenly Kings all appeared in the future, and even the Emperor Of Heaven could be found in the future. Only Gu Tiansha, Gu Chensha, and himself did not appear in the future.

In other words, the battle between the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian gradually went out of control. In the battle between the two peerless existences, the destiny became chaotic, causing many variables that didn't happen in the future to occur.

The reason why Long Xiangtian's destiny was so strong was most likely because of the battle between the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian. Their destinies became chaotic, falling between Heaven and Earth, resulting in the birth of such a prodigy.

Gu Chensha calculated slightly and instantly understood all sorts of things like the back of his hand. His spirit force moved. A smile appeared on his face.

Long Xiangtian wasn't from the Imperial Court, nor was he from the Emperor Of Heaven. He definitely wasn't from Gu Tiansha or Gu Xuansha. He had his own ideas and ambitions to rule the world and unify ten thousand worlds.

If this person was used well, he might be the best chess piece to deal great damage to the Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Tiansha, and Gu Xuansha, while Lin Fan reaped the rewards. In that instant, Gu Chensha came up with a great plan. Immediately, he walked towards the small group.

As he moved, Long Xiangtian sensed him and looked over. A surge of energy slowly seeped in, as if he was trying to see through Gu Chensha.

However, everything about Long Xiangtian was under Gu Chensha's control. How could he let this kid see through him?

"Little brother, you look extraordinary and have a high cultivation. From afar, I can see that your destiny is immeasurable."

Gu Chensha walked over and said slowly, "With such destiny, you will definitely achieve great things in the future. How about I become friends with you?" "God realm expert?"

Long Xiangtian looked at Gu Chensha and a smile appeared on his face. To him, Gu Chensha hid it really well but it couldn't escape his eyes. On the surface, Gu Chensha's strength was around 20 changes of Dao Realm, but in truth, he hid his true divinity. He thought that he saw through everything about Gu Chensha, but what he didn't know was that Gu Chensha was just trying to confuse him.

"This person is at God Realm and his realm is higher than mine. But if I use my skills, he won't be my match." Long Xiangtian thought to himself and stood up, "Since we are friends, then let's have a chat."

Gu Chensha walked over. Long Xiangtian waved his palm and a table appeared in front of him. On it was a pot of tea and a few teacups.

"Where are you from?" Long Xiangtian asked.

"My surname is Zhou and my name is Wang."

Gu Chensha made up a name. "I am from the Central Divine Continent and I headed to East Wasteland to cultivate the celestial path.

Now that the world is in turmoil, I've come here in search of an opportunity to make a breakthrough in the Great Wall. " "So, that is the case."

Long Xiangtian said, "The Imperial Court is at its peak and has already conquered the four wildernesses. I heard many celestial cultivators say that East Wasteland has become the Imperial Court's territory. Heaven and Earth Sect has joined the Imperial Court and Old Ancestor has become a celestial official. The Imperial Court has even started to create God Generals to manage East Wasteland. With Brother Zhou's cultivation, you should be able to get a good position in the Imperial Court."

When Gu Chensha heard Long Xiangtian's words, he knew that this person was testing him. He smiled, "Who can see through the changes in the heavens?

The Imperial Court is strong but when I look around, it seems like the hearts of the people are starting to change. In the future, it will probably be an era where heroes fight for supremacy. Who knows who will die, so I am not willing to be swept up in the Imperial Court's whirlpool. " "Oh? That's what you think, Brother Zhou? " Long Xiangtian's interest was piqued. "Then what do you think will happen in the future?"

"The way I see it, from now on, heroes will rise up. It will be chaotic, and heroes will emerge in large numbers. The older generation will gradually fade away, and the people who once dominated heaven and earth will lose their halos. In the past, the three grand Empyreans, as well as all sorts of old-timers, were peerless. The true gods spread their faith throughout the lands. But now, where are the three grand Empyreans? Where are the other old-timers?

Even Grand Emperor Celestial Talisman has disappeared. Only Gu Chensha and the Dragonless Cabinet can rule the world. But as time passes, that generation will vanish like smoke into thin air. "

Gu Chensha spoke in a tone that Long Xiangtian hoped for. In the depths of his heart, he had accurately grasped Long Xiangtian's thoughts.

"It seems like Brother Zhou isn't someone who is willing to live a peaceful life. But in my opinion, although there are countless experts in the world, compared to the Dragonless Cabinet of the Imperial Court, they are still a far cry. I heard some rumors that the Imperial Court has already grasped the Desolate Dragon Gate, the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, and other supreme divine weapons. They even grasped the secret arts of the prehistoric civilization that can create Heavenly Venerables. Look at that Supreme Marshal of the Common People. Not only does he have the position of a True God, he is also an expert at the Heavenly Venerable level. Even if the people of the world have countless fortuitous encounters, how many of them can become an Heavenly Venerable?

I think the world still belongs to the Imperial Court. "Long Xiangtian purposely said, trying to probe the background of the Zhou Wang that Gu Chensha had transformed into.

"Of course not. The power of the ancient prehistoric civilization wasn't limited to creating Celestial Venerables. Creating Celestial Venerables was only a mid-level technology for the prehistoric civilization. Their true power lay in replacing the Heavenly Dao. However, even if they were so powerful, they were still annihilated. The current imperial court is still far from what it could be compared to when the prehistoric civilization was at its peak. How could it last for a long time?" "That Zhou Wang's words are quite interesting. I wonder if he has ambitions as well?

If he does, I can subdue him and make him my subordinate. I can use him to accomplish great things in the future. But this person is a Deity, so he probably has many secrets behind him.

Maybe he's someone from a major power, coming here to look for people with fate and luck. But with my current strength, I'm not afraid of some major powers. But if I were to fight them head-on, both sides would suffer. "

Long Xiangtian was also thinking, "After obtaining the Endless Dragon, my cultivation has improved by leaps and bounds. But with my current strength, I'm only on par with a Sage. If I meet a Heavenly Venerables, I won't be a match for them." "After saying so much, I still haven't asked for little brother's name." Gu Chensha asked.

"I'm Long Xiangtian."

Long Xiangtian didn't hide his name, "As for these brothers of mine, I met them when I was traveling around the world. With me as the center, we formed the Flying Dragon Association to fight against the Demon Race. There are many unpredictable variables. Brother Zhou Wang, you're very strong. Why don't you join our Association? We can go to the Demon Territory and kill countless demons to earn merits. " "Of course I'm willing."

Gu Chensha cupped his hands, "I knew that little brother's fate is like the sun in the sky, illuminating the mountains and rivers. In the future, you'll definitely be extraordinary." ...