Chapter 103
===========

Looking at the swirling black aura in the depths of the manor, he was almost certain that the First Prince was cultivating demonic arts. It was possible that Long Yuyun's relatives were imprisoned underground, and the First Prince was personally watching over them.

He immediately went to the center of the mansion and saw a tall building. It looked like a pagoda yet not a pagoda, like a monolith yet not a monolith. There was no guard around it, and the door was open. However, the inside of the building was pitch-black, and the black gas kept rolling.

He couldn't see it clearly at night, but he could see it clearly during the day. Even sunlight couldn't penetrate the darkness.

"This is terrifying. How can I go in and investigate?"

Gu Chensha flashed to the door and observed carefully. However, he didn't go in. After a long time, he couldn't find any clues. He couldn't see clearly inside.

At this time, some servants came over and quietly cleaned the courtyard. When they arrived at the door, they didn't dare to take half a step in. Their eyes were filled with fear as they looked at the black gas.

After cleaning, the servants left one after another. Gu Chensha followed behind them to listen to what they were saying.

"Little Chu, you're new here. You must pay attention to the rules. You mustn't enter that door when cleaning. Otherwise, your whole body will be sucked dry. Old Bear was like this last time. He saw a leaf blown into the door by the wind and wanted to go in to pick it up. He was sucked dry as soon as he entered." An old servant warned a young servant.

"Uncle, I understand." The young servant shivered. The two of them were relatives.

Hearing this, Gu Chensha secretly rejoiced in his heart that he was cautious and didn't enter. Otherwise, the Great Dragon Armor might not be able to resist the black gas.

He waited here with extreme patience. After so many days in the Demonic Ape Temple, his character had long been cultivated. Even if he stayed in the mansion for a month and searched everywhere, he would definitely find some clues and come up with a solution. He slowly walked around and felt his way to the east side of the mansion.

This was the residence of the women and their families. The decoration was luxurious and precious, and the spiritual qi was also abundant. There were large areas of palaces and gardens.

"Hey! Hey! Hey! "

Angry roars could be heard. In a martial arts field, boys and girls had already woken up early to practice fist techniques.

Some of these children should be the sons and daughters of the eldest prince, Gu Hengsha. Some were the descendants of the Heng family, and some were the children of Gu Hengsha's trusted retainers. The First Prince, Gu Hengsha, had married long ago and had many children.

Gu Chensha eavesdropped for a while, but he didn't get any useful information. These men and women were all practicing hard. Their cultivation was extremely strong, and most of them were martial arts masters. Especially Gu Hengsha's sons. While they were practicing, whirlwinds appeared, and their shadows swayed. Their physical strength was unbelievably strong. Clang clang clang …

After about half an hour, the morning classes ended. A group of eunuchs from the Wang Mansion came over with plates of food, "Gentlemen, it's time for breakfast."

The plates were placed on the many tables in the hall of the training field. A few men and women sat down, while the others stood. Their levels could be seen immediately.

Those who could sit down were the sons and daughters of Gu Hengsha. The others were either from the Heng family or retainers. It was similar to the education in the palace. Seeing such a scene, Gu Chensha remembered the time when he was studying in the palace. But when he saw the food on the table, he was secretly surprised.

In front of these men and women was a plate of fruit. There was a fire date and a green peach cut into pieces.

"Fire date, green peach … Gu Hengsha's sons and daughters actually eat this for breakfast? How rich is he? "

When Gu Chensha went to Xian Province for the first time, he had eaten these two things at the big banquet where all the officials gathered. That was hosted by the Third Prince, and it was extremely rare. Those officials only ate the fire date, and they didn't even think about the green peach.

After eating the fire date and the green peach all year round, the flesh and blood in the body were pure. Clear air came out of the pores, and one could walk on air like an immortal.

Eldest Prince Gu Hengsha's sons got these food, but the others who were standing only got a plate of meat and a cup of tea.

The meat was crystal clear, exquisite and full of texture. It was the meat of a strong bull. After eating it, it would increase one's strength and strengthen one's bones. It was the main dish of the rich and noble families, but it was much worse than the fire date and the green peach.

But thinking about it, no matter how rich the Eldest Prince Gu Hengsha was, he couldn't afford to give the fire date to the disciples of the side family. Not to mention the Indigo Immortal Peach.

The green peach couldn't be eaten by each person, either. It was cut into a few pieces, and each person only had one piece.

The men and women chatted as they ate. "I heard that boss actually stepped into the Dao Realm recently and asked Father to go to the Wilderness to lead the army. Father sent a memorial to the imperial court, and Grandfather Emperor has already approved it."

The Grandfather Emperor they mentioned was the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. According to seniority, although these men and women were the same age as Gu Chensha, they were his nephews.

"Didn't the boss obtain the The Great Spirit God Ring? He wears it all year round and is cleansed by god power. Even a pig can become an expert." Gu Chensha's ears stood up. The boss was Gu Hengsha's son. Only the son could inherit Gu Hengsha's title and become a Duke.

Gu Hengsha was the Prince, so after the eldest son became the Prince, his title would drop from Prince to Duke.

The The Great Spirit God Ring was left by Gu Chensha's mother and fell into the hands of the Eldest Prince Gu Hengsha. Who would have thought that Gu Hengsha would give it to his son?

If Gu Chensha wore this ring from a young age, his strength would have reached the third or even the fourth stage of the Dao Realm.

This ring was the strongest out of his mother's three dowry treasures. It was much stronger than the Law Breaking Sword because it was made from the finger bone of The Great Spirit God. It was a god bone.

After wearing it, god power would cleanse the body and change the acupoints. Even a baby would be cured of all illnesses and they would be as strong as a bull. Moreover, they would be able to transcend the mortal world. The ring was meant to be left to him.

His mother's three dowry treasures, the Demon Protecting Robe and the Law Breaking Celestial Sword were meant to protect him.

The The Great Spirit God Ring was meant for his son to use so that he would stand out from the other princes. Unfortunately, things didn't go according to plan.

"Sooner or later, I will get my things back. But let's save Long Yuyun's family first. "

Although Gu Chensha was furious, he followed the plan step by step. He wouldn't let his emotions affect his actions. He continued to listen.

"All of you back off. Let us brothers talk for a while."

Just at that moment, the few of them waved their hands. The people in the dining hall all left and closed the door.

"What do you think father has been doing recently?

What demonic art does he cultivate? "a boy asked in a low voice. These were the sons and daughters of Crown Prince Gu Hengsha, but they weren't afraid of revealing it.

"I heard that father obtained a piece of flesh from the fallen ancient Heretic God. That piece of flesh is still alive. It tried to be reborn but was suppressed by father. He wants to use demonic arts to fuse it into his body and suppress his will. If he succeeds, then father will have suppressed the remnant will of the Heretic God. Not only will his mystic arts be perfected, but his demonic arts will also be perfected.

When that time comes, Seventh Uncle will be far from father's match. He can defeat him with a flick of his finger, "another boy said mysteriously.

"What? How did you know?" The few of them came over.

"I overheard the conversation between my mother and the clan leader. You must not tell anyone. "The boy's voice lowered again.

After Gu Chensha heard this, he understood. He was shocked. This Big Brother Gu Hengsha was really ambitious. He actually obtained the flesh and blood of the fallen Heretic God.

One of the Thirty-Six Transformations was called 'Rebirth from a Single Drop of Blood'. Even if a person were to be destroyed, leaving behind only a single drop of blood, they would still be able to slowly absorb spiritual energy. After several hundred years or even a thousand years, they would be able to wriggle and be reborn. Although the ancient Heretic God had fallen, he still had such an ability.

Gu Hengsha actually wanted to melt the flesh and blood into his body. At the same time, he wanted to use his own will to suppress the Heretic God's will within. Such a thought was just overpowered.

One must know that even if the Heretic God was only left with a small ball of flesh and blood, it wasn't something that people below Dao Realm Nine could compare to.

"If my guesses are correct, the black energy came from the Heretic God's flesh and blood."

Gu Chensha thought about it, "If that is the case, then it is even harder for me to sneak in. If my cultivation improved and I reached the third transformation, copper skin and iron bones, then even if I used the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique, it might not be able to suck my flesh and blood dry. But now, it is impossible."

With the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique, one's flesh and blood would be so dense that normal experts couldn't compare to it. It was pretty much impossible to use an evil technique to suck it dry.

Gu Chensha listened once more but he didn't hear any secrets. The few of them were chatting about some things in the manor like what business they did outside, how much money they earned, how many beauties they bought, or where they were going to play the next day. They were also discussing about exploring the ocean.

He was too lazy to listen to those things. He continued to hide in front of the tall building that was covered in black energy.

It was noon and the sun hung in the sky. It was really intense and it was the time of the day when the Yang energy was the strongest. Suddenly, the black mist weakened and started to retract.

The scenery in the tall building became clearer. In the center of the hall was a deep hole with stairs leading down.

There was no time to lose. Gu Chensha didn't even think about it and dashed into the hall. He followed the stairs down and entered the underground palace. It was similar to the underground palace in the Chaotic World Demon Ape God Temple.

But rich families and nobles all loved to hide their treasures and build their secret rooms underground. This was the way to hide things. If it was built on the ground, it would be easy to find and expose one's target. If it was underground, it would be much safer. It was covered by the ground and could be connected to the energy of the earth.

Gu Chensha's new land had many layers of secret rooms but they weren't used yet. As the population increased, the underground secret rooms would be used.