Chapter 1151
============

The Living Beings Don't Need

The white-clothed young man finally challenged Gu Chensha. He wanted to destroy Lou Baiyue's gang, so he lured Gu Chensha out.

The white-clothed young man thought he could have a good fight with Gu Chensha, and the two of them fought fiercely.

However, he used his strongest move, trying to use the method he had learned to invade Gu Chensha's body, but he was pulled out by Gu Chensha.

"Why bother?"

An old voice came from Gu Dusty Sofa, "Your strength is not bad. You broke my virtual panel, but you haven't understood the true essence of this virtual panel. You don't understand the true meaning of it, so you destroyed it completely. In fact, if you understand the last level, as long as you don't have the immortal realm, you can basically completely fuse the virtual panel together. Unfortunately, you are still far from it." "Hahahaha …"

The body of the white-robed youth that had been pulled out condensed once again. He laughed so loudly that the entire multiverse could hear his voice. "Gu Chensha, you haven't reached the realm of being and being undying either. You're about the same realm as me. Although I didn't manage to kill you with a single strike just now, I've already found your flaws and shortcomings. You're no longer a match for me. Next, it's time for you to fall."

All of a sudden, the white-robed young man transformed into a host of shadows, each of which seemed to be an independent space-time. Within the space-time behind him, countless worlds appeared, all of which belonged to the future. Boundless futures were descending.

"I belong to the future, and the countless changes in the future are actually all within my control.

As for Gu Chensha, your era has completely lost its vitality. Your era is gone forever. After killing you, the world will truly welcome a major change, and the entire multiverse will welcome an era of prosperity. Otherwise, with you around, the multiverse will always be a pool of stagnant water. "

The white-clothed young man used some kind of secret technique, and all his power gathered at one point. Then, his vast thoughts reached the depths of everyone's heart in the multiverse, just like how Gu Chensha had sent his virtual interface to the depths of everyone's heart. Now, the white-clothed young man actually had such an ability as well. "All living beings, as long as you have a heart and a mind, you should be able to understand my will.

All along, there has been a great tumor in this multiverse, and this tumor is called Gu Chensha. He controls your lifespans and manipulates your fates. From the moment you're born to the moment you die, you'll all be under his control. Now, I'm begging you, ordering you, and warning you, all of you, become one with me in the depths of your heart. Expel Gu Chensha, seal him completely, and then obliterate him. I promise, as long as you kill Gu Chensha, you'll all obtain eternal life, true eternal life … " Waves of will were transmitted out. All of the living beings received this will.

Countless powerful existences were no exception. The Deathless experts had lifespans of ten billion, a hundred billion, a trillion, or even several trillion. There were even some nameless old-timers with lifespans of ten trillion, and they were all shocked by the white-clothed young man. In that instant, countless living beings responded to the white-clothed young man's words.

Virtually all of the weaker living beings supported the white-clothed young man in killing Gu Chensha, so that they could obtain eternal life. In the face of eternal life, everyone was tempted.

Some of the more powerful existences didn't immediately declare their position, and instead began to discuss it among themselves.

"I can't believe a living being like Gu Chensha really exists in this world." "In other words, the virtual interface in our hearts was really created by him? He really controls our fates and thoughts? And lifespans? " "That's right. That's about right.

Gu Chensha is a living being from the previous era, and he's been manipulating us from the shadows. From the moment we were born, we have this virtual interface in our hearts that constantly shows our lifespans. I have no idea what he's doing, but based on my intuition, he's definitely absorbing some of our power. "

"That's right. We were supposed to have eternal life, but because of Gu Chensha, we die. That's why we feel fear, and that's why all sorts of evil things happen. Gu Chensha is the root of all evil, and we have to kill him to rid ourselves of all evil." "In that case, let's cooperate with the white-clothed young man for once."

"That's exactly the case. No matter what, we have to kill him. That's the only way to usher in a new revolution. That said, the white-clothed young man isn't necessarily a good person."

"How about this? We'll help the white-robed youth kill Gu Chensha first. However, in the process of killing this ancient creature, he will definitely counterattack. At that time, he will definitely perish together with the white-robed youth. That will be a good opportunity for us to snatch what the two of them left behind." "Alright, then let's truly join forces."

The divine wills of countless bigwigs intertwined, and in an instant, they formed a common understanding. Rumble! Everyone's opinion on killing Gu Chensha and obtaining eternal life was unified. The majestic will gathered on the white-clothed young man's body.

In an instant, the white-clothed young man became the ruler of the multiverse, the true master. His body was countless times larger than Gu Chensha's, and he was truly 'large'.

Actually, at this realm, the word 'large' didn't mean much to Gu Chensha and the white-clothed young man. But now, in everyone's eyes, the white-clothed young man was larger than Gu Chensha. This meant that his strength surpassed Gu Chensha's.

"Do you see that, Gu Chensha? All living beings are against you. All living beings want eternal life, and you've indeed imprisoned them."

The white-clothed young man pointed at Gu Chensha. "Now, you've completely failed. All living beings in the multiverse are against you, and they've given their will to me. Right now, my strength has far surpassed yours. Your death is something that all living beings wish to see. Regardless of whether they're weak or strong, whether they're human or not, you must die for them to obtain eternal life." "Are you done?"

Gu Chensha looked at him calmly. "I can see that your strength has been accumulated to the limit, and you're unprecedentedly strong. It's time for you to attack me. Hurry up and do it. I'm waiting for your strongest attack. After that, I'll still need to study it." "Arrogant, shameless boasting."

The white-clothed young man laughed coldly. "What you're facing is the will of all living beings. Your Virtual Interface has interfered with the lifespans and fates of all living beings for so long. Now, you have to bear their karma. Now, it's time for you to bear their karma. I want to see if you can bear the burden of karma for so many years." As he spoke, the white-clothed young man's palm grabbed down. It was a very primitive and simple suppression.

When one's strength reached this level, all techniques were fake. It was purely a competition of strength and realm.

That huge palm pressed down. It was the will of countless living beings, and it had to kill Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha squinted his eyes as he watched that palm pressing down slowly. He did not escape. In reality, this palm had already covered countless spacetime, and there was nowhere for him to escape or dodge. Moreover, how could Gu Chensha possibly dodge and escape? The palm pressed down silently, and Gu Chensha disappeared from this place. He seemed to have been completely destroyed by the palm.

"Our Virtual Interface has disappeared." "Yes, the Virtual Interface has completely disappeared …" "Gu Chensha is dead? Only when he is dead will the Virtual Interface disappear. " "That's impossible, right? Gu Chensha died just like that. It's different from what we expected? Logically, it should be earth-shattering. But it's a pity that he died just like that? " "But the Virtual Interface has disappeared, and all of us have obtained eternal life."

"That's right. We are no longer limited by our lifespan. I can feel that our strength is starting to increase, and we have lost some kind of restriction. As expected, this Gu Chensha stole our lifespan. He is the most evil existence." Countless wills intertwined again.

"Dead? He died just like that?"

At this moment, the white-clothed young man was also stunned. He did not dare to believe that Gu Chensha had died just like that without being able to resist. But under the pressure of his huge palm, Gu Chensha had indeed died just like that. In his perception, Gu Chensha had not been able to resist at all.

But Gu Chensha had died so quickly that even the white-clothed young man could not believe it. It was too simple, too easy.

"Gu Chensha, are you dead or not?"

The white-clothed young man let out an earth-shattering roar. "I don't believe you died just like that. You died too easily." "That's right. I won't die." At this moment, a voice appeared.

Gu Chensha appeared behind the white-clothed young man. His tone was still so old, but his body was straight and he seemed very energetic. That old voice was actually filled with the vicissitudes of time. Hearing his voice, one could see the passage of time from ancient times to the present.

"You are the amalgamation of many people. I originally thought that you could challenge me, but now it seems that your strength is still a little lacking. I will shatter you and let your power scatter across the multivariate universe. Then, I will brew a new existence that is stronger than you and then challenge me. Also, since all living beings in the multivariate universe do not wish for my Virtual Interface to help them, then I will cancel it. But this way, you will probably have to endure more pain. You will not obtain true eternal life. Instead, you will face calamities and disasters …" As Gu Chensha spoke, his hand patted the white-clothed young man's head. There was no suspense at all.

The white-clothed young man's body exploded, turning into countless white lights that scattered into the depths of the multivariate universe. At this moment, the depths of the multivariate universe welcomed the deepest level of change. .....