Chapter 745
===========

Wu Dangkong also hated Gu Chensha to the bone.

In the past, Gu Chensha had taken the form of Wudang Xing and had ruthlessly tricked Wu Dangkong several times. Then, he had suffered a great defeat in the imperial court, causing Wu Dangkong's position as the Regent to only exist in name.

If Wudang Sect's Kong Huan had been in control of the sect, then she would have been able to use the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman without any sacrifices. She would have been able to enjoy the support of the nation's destiny and refine it into her body, allowing her Son of Heaven's God-Bestowment Technique to advance even further.

Under the influence of the hearts of the people, even an ordinary official could become a Yin God after death, much less an Empress who was the Regent of the Kingdom.

Of course, back then, she had also been harmed by Gu Chensha. After becoming the Regent, she did not have a good reputation, but rather a bad one.

There was even a slogan among the people, "Kill the adulterous concubine, clean up the emperor's side."

This bad reputation had caused her to be plagued by bad luck, which was equivalent to being cursed by all living beings.

It was not easy for her to slowly resolve it over the years, but it also caused her cultivation to slow down.

"You should quickly raise your cultivation to the peak of the 36 Transformations."

The Dharma Saint said to Wu Dangkong, "Since ancient times, the ancient Emperors have all reached this level, but basically none of them have broken through to the Celestial Master level, because Celestial Masters are anomalies and cannot be accommodated by the Heavenly Dao. The ancient Emperors are existences that protect the Heavenly Dao, and if they want to succeed, it is best to kill Celestial Masters and use them as sacrifices.

But times are different now. Now that there is a big problem with the Heavenly Dao, it is possible for you to become a Celestial Master, the first person in history to obtain the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman and become a Celestial Master. " "I have been thinking about this."

Wu Dangkong said, "The recent years have been really turbulent. I also feel that there will be great changes in the 36 Transformations. So in the next few years, I must raise my cultivation to the peak of the 36 Transformations. With Embodiment Transformation, I can break through to the Celestial Master level at any time. Using the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman as a Celestial Master, I'm afraid there will be a whole new change." "I will help you break through to the Celestial Master level," the Dharma Saint said.

"Many thanks, Lord Dharma Saint." Wu Dangkong's face lit up. "Lord Dharma Saint, you are probably going to break through to the Celestial Master level soon.

"I'm still a little lacking. I need to find a way to devour those old antiques of the Heaven Devil Race and obtain enough resources. Then, I'll borrow your Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman to refine them and truly break through to the Heaven Longevity realm. At that time, you'll be able to reap great benefits.

The Warlock Saint revealed his plan. "The Heavenly Demon Race has existed since ancient times. If I can destroy all of them, I will have unlimited luck. However, with my current cultivation, I can't do it. However, with the help of your Heavenly Sacrificial Decree and some other methods, it might be possible.

"Six six six Demons will Celestial Tian Clan will Celestial Yang will will will, one, one, one, has Six one, one, one, and one.

"Lord Dharma Saint, you really have a big heart. You want to exterminate the demon race and the human race."

Wu Dangkong was a little fearful. She also knew that the Dharma Saint was unreliable, but the temptation was too great. If she could really exterminate the Heavenly Devil Race and use the Sacrificial Decree to refine it, the benefits she would obtain would be too great. Moreover, she would even have the hope of advancing to the Heavenly Lord Realm. Under such circumstances, she had to take a gamble.

"Dharma Saint, The Great Spirit God can devour the Voodoo Ancestor, and I can also devour you. As long as you reach the Heavenly Life Realm, I will activate the strongest killing move of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. I have recently comprehended the true killing move of this talisman." Wu Dangkong was planning a series of evil things in his heart. Inside the sphere of the People's Wish. Gu Chensha sat under the World Tree and cultivated with Lou Baiyue.

Within Lou Baiyue's body, there seemed to be a huge power surging, but she was doing her best to suppress it.

This power was the palm of The Great Spirit God. The Great Spirit God was currently at the Heavenly Life Realm, and he had even more secrets than Wan Senshi. Because he ambushed Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue used the Heavenly Talisman Heavenly Sovereign's golden token to sever his palm, forcing him to retreat in rage.

This palm was absorbed by Lou Baiyue, and she was preparing to refine it, using it as nourishment to rapidly increase her cultivation base.

In the past, Wan Senshi had plucked his own head off to become a Martial Emperor, causing his cultivation base to rise rapidly. From this, one could see how dense the origin essence qi of a Heavenly Life Realm cultivator was.

"You have to be careful. If you want to refine the palm of The Great Spirit God, there might be some drawbacks. Maybe this is his scheme, purposely leaving the palm for you to refine so that he could use it as a trump card to control you." Gu Chensha hurriedly reminded when he saw that Lou Baiyue was about to refine the palm.

"The Great Spirit God is known for his craftiness. Since the Supreme Ancient Immemorial Era, it's unknown how many powerful existences he has conned. It would be strange if there were no problems with the palm he left behind. However, this is a challenge for me. If I don't dare to accept this, then it would be impossible for me to cross swords with The Great Spirit God in the future."

Lou Baiyue was full of confidence. "Moreover, through this matter, I can grasp traces of The Great Spirit God. He wants to control me, and I also want to control him. He can devour the Sorcerer Ancestor. I want to see how he does it."

"That's right. It won't be easy for the Great Spirit God to deal with us. Of course, if we want to kill and suppress him, we will have to pay a price. This is just a short confrontation. It might seem like he lost, but in reality, it was all part of his scheme. He set up a diversion and left behind a bait."

Gu Chensha channeled his Heavenly Dao Technique into Lou Baiyue's body. He felt a vast power expanding in all directions.

"First, merge the Endless Umbrella into your body and see if you can obtain the power to advance to the Deity Realm!" Lou Baiyue said. "With your current cultivation base, you can break through to the Deity Realm at any time.

As long as you break through, your cultivation base will definitely be different. You will definitely be able to see through the various schemes of The Great Spirit God. In our confrontation with him, you will have the upper hand. "

Everyone knew that once Gu Chensha broke through to the Deity Realm, there would definitely be an earth-shattering change. However, he still couldn't break through. However, this time, as long as he could refine the Endless Umbrella, it would be enough.

The Endless Umbrella was formed from the core of the Heavenly Realm's Origin Will. If he could refine it, it would be equivalent to Gu Chensha using his own will to defeat the Heavenly Realm's Origin Will. This would be very useful for his body's training. If he could defeat a part of the Heavenly Realm's Origin Will, then he would be able to completely master his own Heavenly Dao Technique. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha slowly swallowed the Endless Umbrella and wrapped it around his body. He began to use the Heavenly Dao Technique to break it down. Immediately, he understood the core of the Origin Will. In a trance, he seemed to see the Heavenly Realm's Origin Will squirming and counterattacking.

At this time, he seemed to be standing on the highest point of the Heavenly Realm. He could almost see the scale of the Heavenly Realm.

The Heavenly Realm was endless. It was also known as the Endless World. It far surpassed the Boundless World.

No one knew how big the Endless World was. Not even existences at the level of Wan Senshi, the Immortal Master, and the three Heavenly Venerables.

However, after obtaining the Endless Treasure, at least in terms of understanding, Gu Chensha began to surpass these people. Understanding of the Heavenly Realm's Origin Will. Kill!

Gu Chensha erupted with will. These wills fiercely attacked the core of the Endless Umbrella, attempting to disintegrate the Heavenly Realm's will and make it submit to his will. This was simply impossible. Even Heavenly Longevity Realm experts wouldn't have such thoughts. However, Gu Chensha wanted to do it. He had already cultivated the Heavenly Dao Technique, which was inconceivable in itself. Since he had done all kinds of impossible things, then breaking through his previous understanding was nothing.

"The reason why I could cultivate the Heavenly Dao Technique was not because of my own will, but because of the bloodline Imperial Father left behind. In other words, my Heavenly Dao Technique's power is all entrusted to Imperial Father."

In the instant that Gu Chensha resisted the Origin Will of the Heavenly Realm, many thoughts appeared in his mind. He understood his own cultivation base and his own shortcomings. "If something happens to Imperial Father while he is entangled with the Heavenly Dao, then my Heavenly Dao Technique's cultivation base might regress and turn into the True Dragon Art. At that time, my greatest reliance will disappear.

My luck, fate, and destiny will all fall to a terrifying trough. I have to be on guard against such a thing.

Hence, I need to temper myself so that my will can completely control the Heavenly Dao Technique. I have the qualifications to do so. When my will can control the Heavenly Dao Technique, only then will it be true perfection. In fact, many people will fall into my trap. "

Gu Chensha knew that the reason he could cultivate the Heavenly Dao Technique now wasn't because of his own ability.

Many major powers were waiting for the heavenly dao to change, for the moment when they could suppress the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign. At that time, Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Technique would vanish, and that would be the best opportunity to kill him.

However, as long as Gu Chensha tempered his will, he would be able to fully control the Heavenly Dao Technique. At that time, many major powers would think that his Heavenly Dao Technique had already vanished and would swarm over. But at that time, his Heavenly Dao Technique would not vanish and would instead grow stronger. This would allow him to ruthlessly trap those major powers. Gu Chensha refining the Infinity Umbrella was the first step.

During the refining process, he would fight against the will of the Heavenly World. If he could win, he would have greater confidence in the Heavenly Dao Technique. Naturally, the Infinity Umbrella only contained a very, very small portion of the Heavenly World's will, not even a ten-thousandth of it.

If he wanted to resist the will of the Heavenly World as a whole, the current Gu Chensha was still far from being able to do so.

Fortunately, even if he could win against a small portion of the Heavenly World's will, it would be enough for Gu Chensha to advance to the Deity realm. Crackle, crackle! Within Gu Chensha's body, even more violent divine lightning rumbled. This was the will of the Heavenly World raging once again.

Gu Chensha was using his own cultivation base to profane the prestige of the Heavenly World. The will of the Heavenly World within the Infinity Umbrella naturally couldn't tolerate such a thing. Hence, an even more intense backlash began.