Chapter 712
===========

Of course, the Martial Emperor knew that the Sun Moon Lord also wanted to control him. It was the same plan as Wan Senshi. Even if he broke free from Wan Senshi, he would fall into the hands of the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha and end up worse than Wan Senshi. Fire? Then? Text?? ??? .?? But he couldn't reject now, or else he would die. So, in the depths of his heart, he was thinking about how to benefit from both sides.

If he could obtain benefits from both Wan Senshi and Gu Tiansha, then both of them would be heavily injured. Then, he would be able to break free and become an Empyrean. That would be for the best. Otherwise, he would be in big trouble.

"Fortune comes from danger … Time to go all out!" A plan suddenly formed in the Martial Emperor's heart.

At this moment, the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha had already started to activate the power of the Sun Moon Great Thousand.

The two of them sat facing each other, and then a bright moon and a great sun actually appeared above Gu Tiansha's head. The bright moon and great sun resonated with each other and circulated around each other, bringing with them boundless light. As they alternated, light and darkness overlapped, and the supreme profundity of the waxing and waning of the sun and moon appeared.

"Sun Moon Great Thousand, fuse into the body. 36 Transformations, Embodiment Transformation." At this moment, Gu Tiansha pointed and a wave of power entered the Martial Emperor's body.

The Martial Emperor seemed to have consumed the king of Dan Kings, the king of Innate Spirit Dan. The power of the world inside his body suddenly skyrocketed. He seemed to have formed an inseparable connection with the space between heaven and earth, the countless dimensions, and the countless kingdoms. He could use all the forces in the world to create his own ideal existence. Using its power, he could achieve his own freedom. This was the Embodiment Transformation, the 30th Transformation of Dao Realm. This was the peak of the Dao Realm. No one could do anything to him anymore. Boom!

Between heaven and earth, countless daoist magics flowed. Energy, origin power, and even primal chaos energy were being extracted, forming a sort of folded space and time around the Martial Emperor. In the depths of this folded space and time, all sorts of phenomena were being created, born and destroyed at any moment, as the Martial Emperor willed.

Martial Emperor borrowed the power of the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, and fused a trace of the power of the Great Thousand World into it. He finally reached the peak of his accumulation, reducing decades of bitter cultivation and breaking through to the next realm. He completely recovered his strength and even comprehended some things that he had not comprehended before.

Back then, he had also been an expert at the 36 Transformations. Now that he had been reborn, he had finally reached the 36 Transformations. The feeling of his strength returning almost made his eyes brim with tears.

"My power has finally returned. Furthermore, I've encountered so many tribulations, and many times I barely made it out alive. Now, I'm blessed with a great life, and my merits and virtues are perfect. All that's left is to rise to the Empyrean level.

If I can't even advance to the Empyrean Realm, then there's really no justice in this world. Since ancient times, there have only been those who have passed through certain tribulations. "Martial Emperor was almost 100% confident that he could advance to the Empyrean Realm.

However, he had to endure it now. He knew that the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, would not allow him to advance to the Empyrean Realm.

Once he became a Empyrean, even with Gu Tiansha's current strength, it would be very difficult to suppress and kill him. There would still be a high chance that he could escape.

For example, the reason why Gu Chensha could suppress the North Star Continent was because the Dharma Saint had first set up a trap. He had expended a large amount of energy, causing the North Star Continent's energy to be greatly damaged. The North Star Continent could not even use a tenth of its cultivation. This was why Gu Chensha had snatched it away and finally cultivated the King of All Life.

Suppressing the North Star Continent was equivalent to the Dharma Saint and Gu Chensha's two great powers. Only then did they succeed.

The Dharma Saint had used the power of the Empyrean Demon Prison and the All Dharma Realm, as well as the power of Wu Dangkong's Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman. Then, Gu Chensha had used the power of the King of All Life's Wish sphere and the Paramita Golden Mountain to completely suppress the North Star Continent. Otherwise, how could it be so easy to suppress this Empyrean level Grandmaster Myriad Demon?

Even now, the North Star Continent's will had not collapsed. It was still in a mysterious realm. In fact, if something happened in the future, it could even fight with the King of All Life for control.

Gu Chensha also had to be very careful to prevent the North Star Continent's will from counterattacking.

Therefore, the current King of All Life was not complete. It had not truly reached a realm where the spirit body was as one.

If the North Star Continent's will was destroyed, the King of All Life would completely collapse and would not be able to condense a body.

This was also what Gu Chensha was afraid of. Thinking about it, after cultivating to become a Sage, as long as one died, they would fuse with the Heavenly Dao. If someone made a sacrifice later on, as long as the power of the sacrifice was enough, the Sage would appear, much less a Heavenly Venerate.

Celestial Exalts were far above Saints, and even if they were all killed, there would still be some remnants of their indestructible will that would roam the world and fuse with some sort of essence. They wouldn't truly perish, and as long as there was an opportunity, they would be completely resurrected and regain their strength. For example, the Xing Qiongshi. In the past, he couldn't kill him no matter what.

"Very good, you used my strength to finally reach the Dao Realm 36 Transformations, Embodiment Transformation Realm. Now, you need to try something else, which is to revive Martial Saint.

Of course, it is very likely that the resurrected Martial Sage will start to break through to the Heavenly Venerate Realm completely after his resurrection. Even I can't control it. Just like the Warlock Sage, the Warlock Sage will become a Heavenly Venerate once he is resurrected. "

Gu Chensha said, "At that time, I will use the power of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand to suppress you and the Martial Saint into one. I will let you obtain the Heaven Venerate Dao. Then, your will will shatter the Heaven Venerate Dao and you will be able to break all of Wan Senshi's restrictions. After shattering the Heaven Venerate Dao, your realm will drop. But with my help, your cultivation will totally stabilize and you will comprehend your own Heaven Venerate Dao. At that time, you will truly be able to roam the world."

"Thank you, Sun and Moon Great Thousand, for nurturing me. I will definitely try my best to do things for you." Emperor Wu went against his conscience and praised.

"Okay. Let's start. Condense the Martial Saint! "

At that moment, Gu Chensha actually stood up and started to worship the statue of the Martial Saint in the temple. Buzz … What kind of person was he?

He was the Sun and Moon Great Thousand. In fact, it could be said that he was born from the conflict between the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian. That was why he was called Gu Chensha.

This kind of person was a legend, a legend that had never appeared before. When such a person worshipped the Martial Saint, he could almost instantly gather endless power of worship for the Martial Saint, allowing the Martial Saint to condense again, separate from the Heavenly Dao, and revive.

Not to mention the Master of the Sun and the Moon, even the reincarnated Star God would have to pay a tremendous amount of worship power. Rumor had it that in the past, if a reincarnated Star God worshiped a Ghost God, the Ghost God would avoid it. Even the God's statue would collapse because it couldn't withstand the worship of such a person. The worship of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand was simply indescribable. Rumble! Just like that, the holy statue of the Martial Saint silently turned into powder and dust. However, a real Martial Sage had appeared in front of him.

This Martial Saint had a tall stature and was clad in battle armor. When he stretched out his palms, it seemed as if he could tear the earth apart and pull the heavens apart. His eyes seemed to be able to see through the past and the future. His body contained the true essence of the Martial Dao. He had once cut his way through brambles and thorns, fighting for the sake of humanity's self-improvement. He had created many secret techniques that allowed humanity to become stronger.

If the Dharma Saint had created order for humanity and had great merit, then the Martial Saint had created the Martial Dao for humanity. The Martial Saint had created the Martial Dao for humanity so that humanity could survive. This was the greatest merit of the Martial Saint. The merit of the Martial Saint was even greater than that of the Dharma Saint. Now, he had been worshipped by Gu Chensha. When the Martial Saint appeared, his aura completely covered the Martial Emperor's.

The Martial Emperor suddenly realized that he was still extremely small in front of the completely revived Martial Saint. This Martial Saint's aura and ideals carried the hope of humanity.

The current Martial Saint was no longer the phantom that appeared when the worship was performed. He had been completely revived.

The Martial Saint could only be revived because of the worship of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand. The identity of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand, Gu Chensha, was too special and mysterious. Who knew how many secrets and fortunes were hidden on him. When these secrets and fortunes were gathered, they could completely revive the Martial Saint.

"Sun and Moon Great Thousand?"

The moment the Martial Saint was revived, he looked at Gu Chensha. "Only you can help me break free from the shackles of the Heavenly Dao and revive. However, I can see ambition in your eyes. You want to devour the world and dominate the heavens. You are evil.

Reviving me is not for the sake of humanity, but for your ambition. I can't be wrong about this. The Sun and Moon Great Thousand shouldn't be like this. It can be seen that the Heavenly Dao has changed, and you are also a mutant. " "Mutant?"

Gu Tiansha laughed, "That's a very good way of describing it. I am indeed a xenogeneic. However, Martial Saint, your resurrection was all because of me. Therefore, I have absolute control over you. You cannot escape from the palm of my hand.

Without my help, you can't be revived. Therefore, your strength is not as strong as the Dharma Saint. The Dharma Saint relied on himself to revive, but you can't. "

"The Dharma Saint has already gone against his original intention. Our original intention is to protect humanity. We are humans to begin with.

We walked out of millions of humans and became Sages. Our responsibility is to lead more humans to reproduce and have the power to protect ourselves. This was the original intention of us Sages. The Dharma Saint is no longer the Dharma Saint of the past. He is now an existence at the other extreme. "The Martial Saint looked at Gu Chensha calmly without fear.

The Martial Sage looked at the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha. He was not afraid at all. He knew that even if he was resurrected now, he would still need some time to recover his strength. Furthermore, even if he recovered his strength, he would still be no match for Gu Tiansha. However, he was not afraid at all. His tone was very calm. It was as if he had already seen through life and death and did not care about his own survival. "Therefore, I disdain to be associated with the Warlock Saint. Now that I have truly been resurrected, it may seem that it is your power on the surface, but in reality, this is also fate. In the unseen world, some kind of human will formed a trace of fate that allowed me to be resurrected through your hands.

Although the Dharma Saint's revival is part of his own plan, I don't want to revive for the sake of reviving. This is something that the Dharma Saint can't do.

The Warlock Saint wants to be resurrected, but I don't care. I'm calmer than him. "= = The free mobile phone reader was online! More than one million free reading. Smart bookshelf management. What you like will never be lost! Dedicated to creating a better reading experience. Come and follow my WeChat account. (Press and hold for three seconds to copy) Download the free reader.