Chapter 1014
============

Heavenly Dao Power

"This subordinate is guilty." Reverse Ancestor heard Gu Chensha's unfriendly tone and quickly apologized.

"Your Majesty, what should we do with Jiang Chuan? He's an immortal ancestor, and Your Majesty only told us to capture him. He's still imprisoned. " At this time, Frost Jade Dew came forward.

Inside one of the cages was Immortal Ancestor Jiang Chuan's body. He wasn't willing to admit defeat, and was constantly circulating his power in an attempt to break out of the cage.

"Jiang Chuan, you used to be a member of Yongchō's Tranquil Immortal Agency, but for the sake of power, you left Yongchō and followed Emperor Heaven to become the lord of the immortal world. What do you have to say?" Gu Chensha asked Jiang Chuan.

"Gu Chensha, the winner takes all, and the loser takes all. That's my choice. I didn't think you'd reach this point, but I do have one thing to say. This Zhang Ziran was once a subject of Yongchō, and then he betrayed you. Now that he's in power, I think you should treat him equally." Jiang Chuan said, as if he wanted to drag Zhang Ziran down with him.

"Is that so? Zhang Ziran has submitted and made amends for his mistakes, "said Gu Chensha with a smile.

"If that's the case, I'm willing to submit." Jiang Chuan said arrogantly.

"You can't submit." Gu Chensha said.

"Why is that?"

Jiang Chuan shouted loudly, "Gu Chensha, if you want to unify the Mortal World and make everyone submit to you, then you must set up a rule and treat everyone equally. Only in this way will all living beings in the world be convinced. Aren't you being narrow-minded by doing things according to your own preferences? How can you unify the world with such a breadth of mind?

From what I can see, your current actions in dealing with Fa Wuxian, The Great Spirit God, Wan Senshi, and Wu Dangkong are already venting your personal anger. In fact, you are even worse than some incapable rulers of dynasties. Some rulers will even put their officials in important positions, but you are humiliating them to the extreme.

You have changed. In the past, in the Celestial Middle Earth, you were extremely magnanimous. Even those who rebelled, you did not kill them. You only demoted them to ordinary people. But now, you're practically going against the trend.

From this, I can deduce that it's very likely that you've been infected by that terrifying thing. Either that, or your Dragonless Heart Sutra has walked on a crooked path. "

"Those rulers you speak of are all small characters among the common people. Right now, His Majesty represents the absolute truth. He has changed the structure of the world, and all the previous rules will be subverted."

Emperor Of Heaven said, "Now, Jiang Chuan, you must keep in mind that His Majesty's actions are the absolute truth and cannot be questioned. As long as you follow His Majesty's will, you will transcend and achieve the great freedom that has never been achieved since ancient times."

"Emperor Of Heaven, I originally thought that you were a man of iron bones. I didn't expect you to be such a spineless coward. Could it be that in this world, there is no one who can go against Gu Chensha and protect the order?" Jiang Chuan let out a long roar.

"Zhuge Ya, this Jiang Chuan is the lord of the Immortal World. In that case, turn him into an immortal beast and make him your mount."

In the blink of an eye, Gu Chensha turned Jiang Chuan into a celestial bull. His nose was pierced by a rope, and he was now in Zhuge Ya's hands.

"Your Majesty, there are other people like Patriarch Yao Sha, Lord of the Sun and Moon Patriarch Radiance Hua Mingsha, as well as Hua Miesha. They were all created by Ancestor of Heaven," said Yuhuan Lu.

"There's no need to bring them here."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Ancestor of Heaven," he said to Emperor Of Heaven, "These people were created by you. What do you think of them now?"

"These people are all one-track minded. Rather than keeping them alive, it's better to kill them. Rest assured, Your Majesty, I will take care of this matter." The Emperor Of Heaven was very considerate.

"There's no need to kill them. After all, you've painstakingly created them. Just turn them into immortal beasts and give them to those who have performed meritorious deeds as mounts."

Gu Chensha said, "The rules from now on are actually very simple. Those who oppose us and don't listen to our orders will be punished by becoming our mounts." "Yes." The Emperor Of Heaven did not dare to object and could only agree.

"The Ancestor of Mercy, the Ancestor of Personal Loyalty, the Ancestor of Reason, the Ancestor of Wisdom, the Ancestor of Faith, the Ancestor of Loyalty, the Ancestor of Filial Piety, the Ancestor of Chastity, the Ancestor of Justice, the Ancestor of Purity, and the Confucianism Ancestor have formed an alliance. Who will convince them to join us and change their minds? What do you say, Nihility Ancestor, Emperor Of Heaven?

These people do have some tricks up their sleeves. If they help govern heaven and earth, and spread the Dragonless Heart Sutra, then the Dragonless Heart Sutra will spread much faster.

These people were actually created by me. They obtained their achievements because of the fortuitous encounter I gave them. If I simply killed them, it would be a waste of my own efforts. It's like a disobedient son in the family. It's best for the parents to educate them. They can't just kill them for being disobedient, right? "

"We'll go convince them immediately." The Fourth Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha and the Emperor Of Heaven nodded. After that, the two of them left, vanishing without a trace.

"What do you say, Dharma Saint?" Gu Chensha said, looking at the Dharma Saint. "From your expression, it seems you don't agree?

You helped Emperor Of Heaven establish the laws, and then you helped Zhang Ziran manage the imperial court. Do you have any suggestions or help for the transformation of heaven and earth, and for everyone to learn the Dragonless Heart Sutra? "

"I actually don't recommend that everyone learn the Dragonless Heart Sutra, because it will lead to a lack of order in heaven and earth.

Think about it. In this world, people have to rely on others, rely on things. Only when there are needs, can there be rules and order, and laws exist. If there are no needs, then there is no need to rely on external things, and there is no need to abide by any order. In this way, the existence of laws would have no meaning. "

The Dharma Saint said, "Gu Chensha, the reason why I've always opposed you is because of this. Because if your ideals are achieved, then my existence would have no meaning."

"Dharma Saint, you're wrong about this. The meaning of laws is to regulate people's behavior, to ensure order, and not to cause chaos. If everyone is free, and no one needs external things, then the law would have reached the highest realm, reaching a realm where there is no other. This is also an opportunity for you to advance. This is the meaning of the existence of laws. "

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "You've opposed me many times, but I haven't made a move against you because of this reason. And Jing Qiu, don't you think so?"

"Gu Chensha, you're really powerful. I was suppressed by you from start to finish, and didn't have the slightest chance."

Jing Qiu said helplessly, "Back in the Celestial Middle Earth, I kept fighting with you. At first, we were evenly matched, but then it became one-sided.

Now, even if I'm millions and millions of times more powerful, I'm still not a match for you. So, I've already given up all hope. Moreover, I want to see just how far you can go, because the world is no longer the same, and the Heavenly Dao is no longer the same. Maybe we can all obtain Eternity. " "Very well. As long as you work for me, I can give you true Eternity."

Gu Chensha said, "Actually, you've become Ancestors, and you're in between Level 7 and Level 8 of Immortal. That's not true Eternity. If you encounter some tribulation, you might die. " "That's the only way." Jing Qiu lowered his head.

"Today's meeting will end here. Next, I want to see the results. First, the Imperial Court will promote the Dragonless Heart Technique. Everyone can study it." Gu Chensha said, "Now, you can go." "Yes!" Everyone retreated.

At the same time, the Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha and the Emperor Of Heaven had arrived at a very distant place in the mortal world.

This place could be said to be another world. There were huge planets connected to each other, forming another universe. On those planets, there were green mountains and clear waters, and the sound of reading could be heard everywhere. Numerous academies had risen up from the ground, and countless countries existed.

"There are billions of planets in this universe, each with billions of people, divided into many countries. However, this universe is peaceful. Everyone studies, learning Confucian principles, benevolence, righteousness, propriety, wisdom, trust, loyalty, filial piety, and chastity.

This is the universe created by the Confucian Ancestor, the Ancestor of Mercy, the Ancestor of Personal Loyalty, and the others. Look, everyone studies, studies, and the Prefectural Princes govern their countries. Gradually, the Truth is born. "

The Emperor Of Heaven pointed at the universe. "Look, the Origin of the universe has begun to give birth to the Truth. That's how powerful it is. The Confucian Ancestor and the others know how powerful it is. "

"Those people have some skill," Gu Huasha said. "With the Truth, they can do many world-shaking things. Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Chensha wants us to subjugate them. What do you think?"

"This is a test from Gu Chensha," the Emperor Of Heaven said. "Gu Huasha, deep in your heart, you have a lot of unwillingness, don't you?

People under eaves have no choice but to bow their heads. If we don't submit, we'll end up like Fa Wuxian. We can't let that happen to us. Gu Chensha is vicious and merciless. He can do anything he wants. "

"We have no choice but to bow our heads. Of course, that doesn't mean we don't have a chance. When that terrifying thing is born, the mortal world will expand again, and countless experts will be born. At that time, there will be as many Heaven-Dao experts as there are now."

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, said. "Actually, if we combine our powers, we can reach the Heaven-Dao level. But that won't be of any use to Gu Chensha." "We have to endure. But what about the Ancestors?

If I'm not mistaken, they're working together to create the Truth. That's the power of the Heaven-Dao level. If I'm not mistaken, they're working together to form the Heaven-Dao. That's what they're relying on to fight against Gu Chensha. It's very likely that the two of us won't be able to subjugate so many Ancestors. "The Emperor Of Heaven said.