Chapter 1034
============

Shin Tendo

"I didn't expect that the fact that I call myself the Nihility Ancestor actually corresponds to some kind of destiny."

The Fourth Gu Huasha was secretly happy. "From now on, I will call myself Mister Nihility Ancestor. Just like Mister Wuxiang, I will definitely cultivate to the ninth level of Immortal Realm. Once I reach this realm, Gu Chensha won't be able to do anything to me."

"In that case, swallow this pill." Mister Thoughtless handed the pill that transformed the Emperor Of Heaven to the Fourth Gu Huasha.

The Fourth accepted it and sent some of his power into it. After inspecting it, he found that there was nothing wrong with the medicinal pill. It was indeed the Emperor Of Heaven. The medicinal pill contained the aura of the Emperor Of Heaven, which he was very familiar with. It was connected to his life force, so there was no mistaking it.

Then, after confirming that there was nothing wrong with this pill, the Fourth wrapped the pill with his own powers and began to cultivate it. Rumble!

A huge amount of power was immediately released and perfectly fused with him. Immediately, the Fourth Gu Huasha's power rose steadily. In an instant, his power seemed to have increased by tens of times, and it was still increasing. Wu wu, wu wu wu …

The sound of ghosts crying and gods howling came from Gu Huasha's body. A black airflow rose densely from Gu Huasha's body. This black airflow eventually turned into a cloak, covering him tightly. At the same time, his body started to turn invisible, as if he really had the aura of a level nine Immortal Realm expert.

"Excellent. Excellent, Gu Huasha. You might not have reached the Deathless level, but you've gained some of its aura. With that, none of the ancestors in heaven and earth will be able to do anything to you. You're the true first ancestor, and given enough time, you'll definitely reach the Deathless level." Mister Thoughtless laughed.

"Emperor Of Heaven, I've finally devoured you."

Gu Huasha felt that his fate had been freed. His eyes flashed and he saw that in the river of fate, the two-headed dragon that represented his and the Emperor Of Heaven's fate had eaten the other head. Then, the dragon became only one head, and its body became a hundred times bigger. It started to bare its fangs and claws, wanting to break through the realm and jump out of the river of fate.

Within the river of fate, the terrifying spherical thing, which had been made up of eyeballs and tentacles, had disappeared. Clearly, it had escaped the restraints of the river of fate.

The current river of fate was created by Gu Chensha. After Gu Chensha created it, it bound everything and made everything follow his path.

However, that terrifying thing's fate energy had actually broken through the shackles of fate. In the river of fate created by Gu Dusha, there was no longer any trace of it. In other words, this terrifying thing was comparable to Gu Dusha. Henceforth, the world would be split in two.

Gu Huasha was convinced that he needed to reach the Deathless level in order to achieve incredible things in the future. It would be best if Gu Chensha and the thing died together, and he absorbed all of its power. That way, he would be able to control everything in heaven and earth, and create anything he wanted. The Fourth was a very ambitious person.

By this time, Gu Chensha had returned to the imperial palace, a medicinal pill in his hand. Below him were Lou Baiyue and the others.

"Your Majesty," Wen Hong said, "I never would have guessed that the terrifying thing would come out. The Fourth betrayed us, and Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God were both rescued by it. What should we do now?"

"There's no need to worry about the Fourth. The medicinal pill he ate was a fake, created by me. I used a boundless divine ability to create a medicinal pill. After the Fourth consumes it, the effect will be exactly the same as the medicinal pill created by the Emperor Of Heaven. However, in the future, he will follow the path of the Dragonless Heart Sutra. Instead of devouring, he will create, give, and offer. In the end, he will deal a fatal blow to the terrifying thing." Gu Chensha still had the Emperor Of Heaven medicinal pill in his hand. The pill that Mister Wuxiang had stolen was a fake medicinal pill.

During this period of time, Mister Wuxiang and the others had appeared and gained the upper hand. However, Gu Chensha wasn't someone to be trifled with. He immediately set up a trap, tricking the Fourth, Gu Huasha. Now, as long as the Fourth, Gu Huasha, cultivated to the ninth level of the Dao of Immortality, he would be able to deal devastating damage to Mister Wuxiang and the others.

"As for Fa Wuxian and the Mighty Miracle God, they were actually part of my plan. Fa Wuxian had long been in cahoots with that frightening thing. The reason why I didn't kill him and instead turned him into a dog was actually to stimulate the overwhelming hatred in the depths of his heart. When his hatred reached its peak, it would spurt out and tear apart everything around him that could be torn apart. Naturally, that frightening thing would be the first to bear the brunt of it.

Apart from that, I also set up something important in Fa Wuxian's heart. I'm going to make Mister Wuxiang, Mister Wuxin, Mister Wuwei, and Mister Wuxiang suffer the consequences of their actions. "

Gu Chensha said confidently, "These people thought that after they were born, they gained the upper hand after a series of events. Little did they know, they fell into my trap step by step.

Oh right, how's the universe you've created? The most important thing now is to channel energy into the human world to expand it. At the same time, you can cultivate to the Heavenly Dao Realm. If you don't, I'm afraid it'll be extremely difficult in the future. " Up until now, Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, and the others hadn't advanced to the Heavenly Dao Realm.

From this, it could be seen how difficult it was to reach the Heavenly Dao Realm. Currently, only Zhao Jiangshan, Fa Wuxian, The Fourth, and Zhang Ziran had advanced to the Heavenly Dao Realm. Although the Emperor Of Heaven had reached the Heavenly Dao Realm before, he was now a medicinal pill.

"We've been painstakingly creating the universe these days. It won't be long before we reach the Heavenly Dao Realm." Lou Baiyue said.

"If that's the case, let's start now."

Gu Chensha said, "Everyone gather together. The more people in the Heavenly Dao Realm, the more we can create a formation to fight against Mister Wuwu and the others. They've reached the ninth level of the Undying Realm. With your current strength, you're no match for them. I'm afraid it'll be hard for me to take care of them. In the future, when the war starts, the world will be completely destroyed. You must have the ability to protect yourselves." "Then let's begin."

At this time, Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, Zhuge Ya, Martial Sage, Chang Weiyang, Little Godson, Jin Suibo, Longevity God, Long Yuyun, Long Zaifei, Chang Yuzhou, Yuhuan Lu, Yu Hanlu, Liu Yu, Qian Zhen, Zhou Bu, Jia Liang, Mo Chao, Lord Taiyi, Tai Xuandu, Tai Mengdi, Luo Wu, and the other direct descendants had all gathered together. There were hundreds of them.

These direct descendants had followed Gu Chensha through wind and rain, from the Central Plains Divine Prefecture to where they were now. They had contributed greatly and worked hard.

This time, they were truly united, ready to advance and retreat together, sharing honor and disgrace.

Because a terrifying thing had appeared. If they succeeded, it would be the dawn of a new era. If they failed, then everyone would be annihilated, or suffer a fate worse than death. A new universe was slowly being born.

Gu Chensha's core members had all successfully cultivated the Dragonless Heart Art. They could constantly send out their Spirit Force, and at this time, an enormous amount of power gathered into a brand new universe.

This universe instantly became enormous. Countless living beings, kingdoms, dimensions, suns, moons, and stars, powerful existences, spiritual energy, immortal qi, primal chaos qi, and even deathless substances were born.

Next, the universe continued to expand, and the core members grew increasingly powerful. In the end, the universe naturally gave birth to the power of the Heavenly Dao.

There were even some divine ability experts who, under the guidance of others, began to cultivate the Dragonless Heart Art.

This universe was very pure, without any impurities. The people born in this universe had no thoughts of devouring. Instead, as soon as any living being was born, they would begin to use their Spirit Force to create this universe.

Logically speaking, a universe like this shouldn't exist. When a universe was first born, the living beings within it would need to absorb the power of the universe and gain enlightenment, cultivating the Dragonless Heart Art. But now, as soon as the living beings in this universe were born, they began to offer their Spirit Force. This was the embryonic form of a brand new world. RUMBLE!

As the universe grew larger and larger, the number of living beings in it increased. All of them cultivated the Dragonless Heart Art and offered their Spirit Force to the universe, creating numerous treasures. The rich spiritual qi of the world caused the myriad of living beings to flourish. Heavenly dao energy gushed forth from within.

A white stream of energy suddenly gushed forth from the top of Lou Baiyue's head. This white stream of energy contained gold, black, and many other colors. In the end, it formed a flower.

This flower was only about an acre in size, but it had countless petals. Each petal was in the shape of a heart, and countless heart-shaped runes circulated around it. It was like it was impervious to all evils, impenetrable by all arts, impenetrable by all tribulations, and indestructible by all lifetimes.

"Good, I've finally succeeded in cultivating the Heavenly Dao Realm."

Gu Chensha laughed. "This Heavenly dao energy is very pure, much purer than the Heavenly dao energy of Zhang Ziran and the others. This is because this is the new world's Heavenly Dao, not the old world's Heavenly Dao. The old world's Heavenly Dao focuses on plundering, and the new world's Heavenly Dao doesn't have any plundering. If you compare them, the old world's Heavenly Dao is like rubble, and the new world's Heavenly Dao is like white jade."

It was the same Heavenly Dao Energy, but the Heavenly Dao of every universe was different. Some Heavenly Dao Energy was small, some Heavenly Dao Energy was large, some pure, some impure. However, the Heavenly Dao of this new world was completely different. What the Heavenly Dao Energy contained was creation, it was limitless.

This power vibrated and transmitted to each other. Lou Baiyue was the first to succeed. Next, a flower appeared above Wen Hong's head. The petals were all in the shape of a heart, and the runes were all in the shape of a heart.