Chapter 653
===========

Gu Chensha immediately grasped the crux of the matter.

The most important thing right now was the secret of the grandmist tree. If he could obtain it, then Gu Chensha could push the world tree to new heights and undergo the strongest transformation. This would increase the dimensional realm's strength, stabilize its accumulations, and enrich its background. The strength he could display would also become increasingly formidable. This was currently the safest method and also the best way to obtain the greatest benefits.

"Good idea. Your idea is quite good."

Dou Yiyu thought for a long time before slowly saying, "It seems your wisdom isn't much worse than Zhuge Ya's. No wonder you were able to manage the Calming Immortal Department to such a massive scale. In just a few years, you were able to contend with Empyrean level giants.

That is equal to 100,000 years of savings. However, the three Empyreans have comprehended the essence of the grandmist tree to an extremely profound level. If you want to use the Dharma Saint's method to resist the Heavenly Dao to exchange for the grandmist tree's secret, that is simply impossible. Unless you add something else? " "What do you want to add?"

Gu Chensha also knew that the Dharma Saint's experience was something he had casually obtained. As for the grandmist tree's experience, it was something that the three Empyreans had poured their blood, sweat, and tears into.

The three Empyreans even wanted to capture the grandmist tree. In these past years, they had been scheming for the many natural spirit treasures on the grandmist tree and had personally plucked many of them. Even the Clear Turbid Axe was something they had recently obtained.

"How about the Release Bow and the Constant and Impermanent Arrows?" Dou Yiyu smiled. "This magic tool can be used for an equivalent exchange." "This treasure is no good."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "This treasure is related to the supreme secrets of the Buddhist Sect. Perhaps it is the key to opening the Buddhist Sect's treasury. During my cultivation, the Heavenly Dao Arts have already seeped into this treasure. This treasure has fused with my mind and soul, and I need to refine it until it becomes a part of my body. If I were to exchange it, it would completely disrupt my cultivation plans. Even if I obtained the grandmist tree's secret, the gains wouldn't make up for the losses. I'm not afraid of telling you this." "That's not good. Right now, the only thing that is valuable to you is this treasure."

Dou Yiyu said, "Besides that, there isn't anything else in the Calming Immortal Department that I want. The dimensional realm's common people's wish sphere is the foundation. As for the Sovereign Ruler's gold medal, I wouldn't dare to take it. As for the rest, there are no other treasures that are worth my attention. "

"How about this? I'll help you condense this Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd and use the Heavenly Dao to feed it. Then, I'll teach you the secret technique of the Dharma Saint.

Gu Chensha said, "I think your Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd also needs to be able to unleash the full power of my Heavenly Law Dharmic Dish."

"That's a good idea. However, your body already contains the killing intent of the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Dagger. If you were to insert the Heavenly Dao Technique into the gourd, you would be able to see through the secrets within. This would be a form of help to you." How could Dou Yi Yu not understand what Gu Chensha was thinking?

"Looks like it won't be easy for us to cooperate. Both sides have their own concerns."

Gu Chensha shook his head. "If we cooperate, we won't be so close. My cooperation with Chang Weiyang, Tai Xuandu, and the others is much simpler. In truth, if you and I cooperate wholeheartedly, we can both make massive progress. I'm sure you know this. Didn't you just say that even if we are enemies, as long as there are benefits, we can cooperate?

In truth, as long as you cultivate to the Empyrean realm, you can freely roam the heavens and the earth. You can completely break free from your shackles. This is something that only you and I can do.

How about this, let's be open and honest. We can cultivate together and exchange our experiences. How about that? "

"If we want to exchange our experiences, then we can only obtain them by fighting. How about we fight in the turbulent flows of space and time?" Dou Yiyu said. "In a fight, we can naturally obtain our own secrets and cultivation."

"I'm not your match unless I use the strength of my dimensional realm. But, that would be meaningless."

Gu Chensha waved his hand dismissively. "Our Calming Immortal Department's dimensional realm has only just formed, so our accumulated strength is still shallow. To waste the strength we have accumulated in unnecessary battles is just too wasteful."

If it were any other master, even if it were a Saint, then Gu Chensha could use the strength of his dimensional realm to directly suppress them. But against Dou Yiyu, he didn't have full confidence.

If he fought with Dou Yiyu, he would likely consume a massive amount of strength. If his opponent didn't have the Immortal Slaying God Executing Gourd, then he could suppress him. But with the gourd and the human treasure, it would be extremely difficult.

Without absolute confidence in victory, Gu Chensha didn't want to take any risks, nor did he want to waste his strength. As for Gu Chensha himself, he simply wasn't a match for Dou Yiyu. Unless he cultivated to the God Realm, it was impossible for him to resist at all.

Even if Dou Yiyu didn't use the Immortal Slaying God Executing Gourd's strength, he would still be able to toy with him in the palm of his hand.

It had to be known that even if Dou Yiyu didn't have the gourd, he would still be number one amongst the countless outstanding disciples of the three Empyreans. How many experts did the three Empyreans have under them?

Gu Chensha knew in his heart. Out of so many amazing people, to be able to be number one meant that he was even more terrifying than the Heaven and Earth Sect Sect Leader.

"How about this, I will use a small incarnation to mimic Dao Realm 26 cultivation to fight with you. It will be in this small courtyard. "

As he spoke, Dou Yiyu's body moved and a barrier enveloped the small courtyard. "I've already used a primordial barrier to envelop this place. Even if Saints were to fight each other, none of their powers would leak out. I'm very curious as to how powerful your cultivation base is."

Shortly after, another Dou Yiyu appeared in front of Gu Chensha. As expected, this Dou Yiyu was at Dao Realm 26, the 10,000 Techniques Back to One Realm.

Dou Yiyu's incarnation said, "Now, we are at the same realm and I won't use any treasures. I just rely on the use of strength and spells. Logically speaking, this incarnation of mine shouldn't be your match. At the same realm, the Heaven Path Technique is invincible. But I want to try. " "That is possible."

Gu Chensha looked at Dou Yiyu's avatar and said, "It's best to have a spar like this and get to know each other better. However, if Miss Yiyu can't win, you can raise the level of your avatar. Because my body has completely refined the All-encompassing Obliteration Stick, this stick also contains the ability to obliterate All-encompassing Obliteration Sticks. Therefore, although I haven't reached the Seamless Realm, I can actually tear the void apart." "It is okay, go all out." Dou Yiyu said.

"Okay." Gu Chensha's body flashed and his fist arrived in front of Dou Yiyu's incarnation. Dou Yiyu nodded her head, "Not bad."

She raised her palm, and a surge of magic power condensed into a spiral spike. Suddenly, it pierced out and faced Gu Chensha's fist.

The moment the two of them clashed, Gu Chensha felt that her technique had pushed her spell to the extreme. It was totally out of his expectations. Now, Dou Yiyu's spell quality was True Dragon Technique Grade Five, the same as Common People General.

But the method she used exceeded the limits of certain theories. The changes were really subtle. With one stab, even his spell couldn't block it and it was about to be pierced through.

"Break!"

Gu Chensha's fist shook and he had already used the secret of the Common People Heaven Mending Technique. With one move, Dou Yiyu's incarnation totally collapsed and turned into dust.

"Good, as expected, my 26 Transformations Spell Incarnation isn't your match. Even if I use the Heaven Witch 36 Hearts, I still can't do anything to you. The 36 Hearts are an ancient witchcraft fist technique. They are split into anger, sadness, resentment, love, endurance, thought, evil, kindness, intent, punishment, fear, thought, worry, etc.

This technique has been lost for a long time. Once it is used, it doesn't attack spell but the heart.

Just now, I used the Mind Needle and you were actually able to casually destroy it. This is the Common People Heaven Mending Technique, a Dao that you comprehend on your own. As expected, it is amazing. "

Dou Yiyu formed another incarnation. This incarnation's strength actually increased by a realm, reaching the 27 Transformations Two Worlds Seamless Realm.

"This is the top technique of the Heaven Witch 36 Hearts?

Rumor has it that the strongest martial art of Heaven Shaman is the Thirty-six Hearts. Basically, it encompasses all the important emotions within it. If the Thirty-six Hearts martial art is gathered, it will be able to unleash its greatest power. It's almost as if all living beings are united. "Gu Chensha said," I've seen the Rage Fist and the Grief Fist. The Rage Fist represents the slave heart, while the Grief Fist represents the False Heart.

Legend has it that after the ancient witchcraft was destroyed, the 36 Hearts Fist Technique was lost. Now, at most, only 10 hearts can be found. Could it be that you've learned all thirty-six hearts martial arts?

If all 36 hearts are gathered, even if the ancient emperor mastered the Sun and Moon Shine Together, he wouldn't be his match.

Only when all 36 hearts are gathered can they be broken. However, no one in the ancient witchcraft can use the 36 Hearts Fist Technique, not even Xing Qiongshi. "

"Xing Qiongshi knows ancient witchcraft, but he isn't from the witchcraft. He also didn't learn the 36 Hearts Fist Technique.

Rumor has it that the 36 Hearts Fist Technique is hidden within the Sorcerer Ancestor's Bone Plate. Now, it's in the hands of The Great Spirit God. The Sorcerer Ancestor has been completely devoured by The Great Spirit God. The Great Spirit God might use the Sorcerer Ancestor's Bone Plate to find the lost 36 Hearts Fist Technique. Once he masters it, he'll be even more terrifying than Wan Senshi. "

Dou Yiyu said, "I only know the Thirteen Hearts Fist Technique. I haven't learned anything else. The three Celestial Venerables have been trying to find all of them, but unfortunately, they've fallen into the hands of The Great Spirit God. It looks like there's no hope. If I remember correctly, The Great Spirit God is your mortal enemy. The hatred between us can be resolved. You just screwed over my brother once. That's nothing. The Great Spirit God killed your mother." "You know quite a bit."

Gu Chensha could tell something from the previous attack. However, Dou Yiyu hadn't shown his true abilities yet. He was using the ancient witchcraft.

The ancient witchcraft was powerful, but Gu Chensha wanted to see Dou Yiyu's own Dao. Only with Dou Yiyu's own Dao could he see the core of it. Only with Dou Yiyu's own Dao could Gu Chensha use the Heavenly Dao to see all of his memories.