Chapter 147
===========

After reading hundreds of books and gaining a deeper understanding of the Dragon Gate and the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, Gu Chensha felt that this pagoda was a little different.

He circled the pagoda and checked its movements. He felt that there were many faint words within the pagoda. There really was a cultivation technique within.

"The Dragon Transformation Pagoda has absorbed enough Dragon Transformation Liquid and has grown bigger again. It has reached its limit." Gu Chensha thought about it carefully. "Let me try using the Sun and Moon Refinement again."

He knew that the Sun and Moon Refinement had a method to refine magical treasures, allowing the magical treasure to be connected to one's blood.

"Sun and Moon Refinement, the change of heaven and earth, the beginning of Yin and Yang, the beginning of all living things." He flew up and used his blood to write runes on the Pig Island, forming the pagoda once more.

The pagoda became as tall as ten people. Using blood to write runes required ten times the amount of Sun and Moon Dragon Blood. Even with Gu Chensha's recent high cultivation, he was almost exhausted after writing it.

He immediately swallowed large mouthfuls of Heavenly Dew and circulated his mystic technique to refine it. He only recovered after a few hours. He then used blood to summon the Sun and Moon Dragon Fire. Honglong!

The Sun and Moon Dragon Fire descended from the sky and wrapped around the huge pagoda, burning it layer by layer. This time, Gu Chensha felt a strange movement.

The Dragon Transformation Pagoda started to shrink under the burning of the dragon fire. Many pitch-black smoke was refined from within, giving off crackling sounds.

The black smoke turned into a devil and was finally melted by the dragon fire, turning into nothingness.

"This is the will of the Evil God."

Gu Chensha was shocked. "Luckily I kept this pagoda in the Sun and Moon Altar, so the Evil God can't sense it. Otherwise, who knows what would have happened?"

The black smoke was completely refined and the Dragon Transformation Pagoda shrunk from the height of ten people to the size of seven inches. It landed in Gu Chensha's palm. It was light as a feather and he couldn't feel its weight anymore.

At this moment, Gu Chensha communicated with the pagoda with his mind. Instantly, he saw many words and diagrams within the pagoda.

Those words were all floating tadpoles, and they all had shapes. Upon closer inspection, they weren't tadpoles, but rather, they were in the shape of dragons.

"When these fragmented words are strung together, there seems to be a charm to them."

He carefully read through all the words in the tower and memorized them. Then, he flipped open the book of light to search for information related to this tadpole writing.

This book of light was worthy of being a collection of all the books in the royal library. In just a few breaths, Gu Chensha had found many books on ancient tadpole script research. He immediately began to watch and study. After a few more days, he finally recognized all the ancient tadpole characters.

It was actually an incomplete mental cultivation technique called the Dragon Nurturing Mental Cultivation Technique. It used all sorts of mysterious methods to nurture a dragon fetus in one's dantian and nurture it.

There were meditation, qi circulation, worshipping in all directions, divine arts, space-time, and many other techniques. The exquisiteness of it was hard to calculate, and it was even above the Demon Book of Chaos and the Scripture of Hell Suppression.

Gu Chensha carefully studied it, and compared it to the Sun-Moon Dragon, he found that there were similarities, but also differences. Communicating with each other, he corroborated each other and discovered something new.

He sat down cross-legged and slowly cultivated the Dragon Nurturing Mental Cultivation Technique. Instantly, the vital energy in his body grew and many of his acupoints turned into small dragons.

Gu Chensha instantly felt like he had split apart, turning into millions of small bugs. Each bug was wriggling like tadpoles, but as they absorbed spiritual energy, they would turn into dragons. Millions of tadpoles to nurture dragons. This was the secret to the Dragon Nurturing Mental Cultivation Technique. Zi zi zi

Just as he was using the Dragon Nurturing Mental Cultivation Technique, he felt a huge suction force pulling the spiritual energy in the air. The rate at which he absorbed spiritual energy was actually several times that of before.

"The Dragon Nurturing Mental Cultivation Technique and Sun-Moon Dragon are actually so strong."

Gu Chensha realized that when he was using the Dragon Nurturing Mental Cultivation Technique, the Sun-Moon Dragon was improving quickly. Many bottlenecks that were hard to comprehend and reach were being circulated smoothly.

If this continued, he would probably be able to reach Dao Realm Transformation Four Gold Swallowing Stone. Weng

Just as he was using the Dragon Nurturing Mental Cultivation Technique, the seven-inch Dragon Pagoda sensed his True Qi and shrunk once more. It actually turned into a sesame seed that flew into his mouth and settled in the depths of his dantian.

Instantly, all the excess spiritual energy in his body was absorbed by the Dragon Transformation Pagoda.

"This Dragon Transformation Pagoda also has the ability to store spiritual energy?"

Gu Chensha was overjoyed. "Even though my physical body is extremely strong, I still have to store Spirit Qi. Now that the Dragon Transformation Pagoda can absorb Spirit Qi endlessly, doesn't that mean I have an inexhaustible store of Spirit Qi?"

He sensed it and realized that after all the excess spiritual energy was absorbed by the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, the pagoda was slowly changing. This pagoda was living in his dantian, using his cultivation to evolve it.

Of course, this pagoda wasn't just a parasite. When it absorbed his bloodline spiritual energy, it would also give off a warm energy that flowed around his body and sped up his blood circulation.

Originally, every time Gu Chensha cultivated and breathed, he would need to let his blood and spiritual energy permeate his five viscera and six bowels. It would take several hours for his blood and spiritual energy to circulate in his body. But now, with the help of the Dragon Transformation Pagoda in the depths of his dantian, he only needed a few dozen breaths to complete his blood circulation in his body.

Dao Realm Transformation Three Gold Skin Iron Bones used spiritual energy and blood to circulate the external skin cycle. Time and time again, one would break through and slowly nourish it. In the end, one would have an indestructible body.

As for Dao Realm Transformation Four Gold Swallowing Stone, it was to use blood to circulate in the organs and slowly strengthen them. As time went on, one would transform.

Gu Chensha cultivated Sun and Moon Training, Sun and Moon Transformation, and Sun and Moon Dragon. He needed at least tens of thousands of cycles to complete them and that required a long time.

Now that the Dragon Transformation Pagoda was helping him, it was the same as shortening the cultivation time.

"This Dragon Transformation Pagoda has many functions. I need to study it and comprehend its mysteries." Gu Chensha felt that this pagoda wouldn't be so simple. He slowly comprehended it.

"Yi Ming greets Master." A voice spread in from outside.

"Come in." Gu Chensha saw Yi Ming step in and kneel on one knee, "Are your injuries healed?"

"I consumed the Purple Blood Life Returning Pill and then used the Xiantian Energy. I ate the Heaven Dew and recovered a little, but I wasn't able to get rid of it."

Yi Ming was still terrified when he thought about it, "Fa Wuxian is really vicious. His Xiantian Energy drilled into my body and destroyed my meridians. It even wanted to charge up to my brain and destroy my mind. It still hasn't been cleared up." "This person is really despicable."

Gu Chensha observed Yi Ming and found that his blood and Qi circulation wasn't smooth. Suddenly, he remembered that the Dragon Transformation Pagoda could absorb spiritual energy. He immediately used the Sun and Moon Training and pointed at Yi Ming's forehead.

Immediately, he felt a sharp force that could even slice the sky apart in Yi Ming's meridians. It was going to break through the Mortal Latch and destroy his brain. Yi Ming was trying his best to suppress it.

"Fa Wuxian's Xiantian Energy is really powerful. You can't even refine a strand of it." Gu Chensha suddenly used the Sun and Moon Transformation Pagoda's Xiantian Energy.

The tip of his finger released a suction force, trying to suck the strand of Xiantian Energy out of Fa Wuxian.

"Master, you can't. I can't refine this Xiantian Energy. If you absorb it into your body, you might be in trouble." Yi Ming immediately said.

But soon after, he felt the strand of Xiantian Energy being sucked out of his meridians. He felt that there was a huge vortex in Gu Chensha's Dantian. The suction force was so strong that even he couldn't compete with it.

"Amazing, amazing!"

As Gu Chensha sucked in the Xiantian Energy, layers of illusions appeared in front of him. In that instant, he seemed to see a huge heavenly blade cutting through time and space, destroying everything in its path.

But in the depths of his Dantian, the Dragon Transformation Pagoda flew up and absorbed the huge heavenly blade cleanly.

After the illusion passed, he was shocked to find that the Dragon Transformation Pagoda had really absorbed Fa Wuxian's Xiantian Energy.

After the absorption, the Dragon Transformation Pagoda changed again. It faintly emitted a light that shone on his internal organs. It was as if his internal organs were turning into gems.

"Master, the speed of your blood circulation is so fast. What treasure do you have in your body?"

Only then did Yi Ming realize that something was wrong. His internal injuries had completely recovered, and the Xiantian Energy that had troubled him for many days had been sucked away just like that.

"The Dragon Transformation Pagoda has actually absorbed all the Dragon Transformation Liquid recently. I have refined it and it is now residing in my Dantian. It can absorb excess Xiantian Energy and store it for nourishment." Gu Chensha told Yi Ming about the changes in his body.

"So that's how it is."

Yi Ming was overjoyed. "Congratulations, Master. You can actually condense this pagoda. It is rumored that this pagoda has a special ability. It can absorb all kinds of Xiantian Energy and transform it into Xiantian Energy.

In other words, in the future, Master's battle prowess will be extremely powerful. Even if my Xiantian Energy attacks Master, it will be absorbed by the pagoda. " "So powerful?" Gu Chensha was also overjoyed. "Why don't you give it a try?"

Yi Ming nodded and raised his hands. Immediately, dozens of Xiantian Energy bombarded Gu Chensha's body.

But the moment they bombarded his body, Gu Chensha felt the Dragon Transformation Pagoda in his body move slightly. It emitted a strong suction force and absorbed all the Xiantian Energy. Then, it turned into a five-colored light that shone and nourished his internal organs.

"As expected."

Gu Chensha felt that as long as an expert attacked him, he would be able to absorb it and use the Dragon Transformation Pagoda to nourish him.

"But Master, you have to be careful. If you meet a peerless expert, the Dragon Transformation Pagoda might not be able to absorb it in time.

For example, Master just absorbed Fa Wuxian's Xiantian Energy. But if you really meet him, you must not do that, "Yi Ming hurriedly said.

"I know about this."

Gu Chensha had been calculating Fa Wuxian's strength for the past few days. He felt that Fa Wuxian's strength was truly unfathomable. "Just now, that strand of Xiantian Energy he left behind was already so powerful. If he really attacked me, even with the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, I wouldn't be a match for him. I would be killed instantly."

"But Master's potential is limitless. The Dragon Transformation Pagoda is closely related to Master's cultivation technique. That's why Master was able to refine this pagoda and unleash its power."

Yi Ming said, "With this pagoda, Master can absorb excess Xiantian Energy and continuously convert it into Xiantian Energy. This Xiantian Energy can give birth to all things. Compared to the Black Tortoise Energy, each has its own merits.

The Black Tortoise Energy can give birth to strength and strengthen the physical body. Xiantian Energy can increase intelligence and awaken spirituality. In the future, Master can use Xiantian Energy to transform mortals. For example, those soldiers. After being transformed by Master's Xiantian Energy, their aptitude will greatly increase. " "This Dragon Transformation Pagoda has many mysteries. Moreover, it has not fully matured yet."

Gu Chensha said, "After some time, when my cultivation increases and I comprehend more, I will be able to truly use this pagoda."