Chapter 382
===========

The towering mountains were as thick as the sea.

This was the Great Stone Wall, the sturdiest stronghold. It was strong enough to withstand the barbarians' iron hooves and prevent them from entering Midland.

Today, however, the Great Stone Wall was more of a scenic spot. Countless scholars, commoners, martial arts experts, and even immortal cultivators and dignitaries climbed the Great Wall to enjoy the scenery of the Wildlands. For this, the imperial court could collect a lot of money every day.

The imperial court had even built a railway for iron cars to be sent from the provincial capital of each province to the vicinity of the Great Wall. Every time, it would be full. At this time, two people appeared on the Great Stone Wall. They were Gu Chensha and Emperor Wu.

Gu Chensha was being restrained by Emperor Wu. As expected, the Immortal-Trapping Armor could only be used to fly and protect him. It couldn't be used for other things, such as deriving a golden core or communicating with the World's Wish sphere. The Immortal-Trapping Armor also changed his appearance.

From an outsider's point of view, he was a well-built warrior clad in armor, loyally protecting his master as he traveled.

No one would have guessed that he was one of the three famous directors of the Calming Immortal Department.

"Your Excellency Emperor Wu, this Great Stone Wall was built in the second year of the Heavenly Talisman. It's been twenty years since then, and it stretches for hundreds of thousands of kilometers. There are giant cannons on the wall and bastions below. Countless barbarians have died under the Great Stone Wall," Gu Chensha explained to Emperor Wu.

Emperor Wu clasped his hands behind his back and looked into the distance. It was dusk, and the afterglow of the setting sun enveloped the entire Great Yongchō. It looked like a golden kingdom.

In the Wildlands, cities were constantly being constructed. Smoke curled up from kitchen chimneys, and the voices of people could be heard. Huge iron carriages were galloping along the railway, driven entirely by the power of machines. On the cultivated farmland, there were machines that looked like iron oxen plowing the fertile black soil of the Wildlands, which had been accumulated for countless years, and planting crops.

"These are all made by mechanical mechanisms," Gu Chensha said. "They're different from spells. Ordinary craftsmen can forge them together."

"That's right. These machines have existed since ancient times. The ancient Lord of Seven Star once made wooden oxen and flowing horses. The principles are pretty much the same, but I didn't expect it to be so widespread."

The Martial Emperor pointed at the iron carriage and the iron oxen and said, "These steel machines can only be used by civilians. If they encounter experts, they will most likely be destroyed. They are not very useful in battle. I once wanted to make steel puppets for the army, but I gave up on that idea. What is the driving force of these iron carriages and iron oxen? Is it extracted from the black oil in the western desert? "

"No, the oil extracted from the black oil in the desert of the West has a strong smell. After burning, there will be black smoke. The oil used now is a mixture of several plants that are rich in oil. It is extremely pure. After burning, there will be no smoke, and its endurance far exceeds that of the black oil."

Gu Chensha explained to the Martial Emperor in detail, "The people have already started to grow these plants on a large scale. The government will then purchase them and send them to the academy's factory to refine them. The students will then learn the process of refining them."

Emperor Wu watched as the Wildlands Great Emperor continued to build roads and houses. These houses were made of a mixture of steel and stone.

First, he used steel to build a frame, then he used stone mud to water it. After it solidified, it became incomparably hard. There were also all kinds of stone mud pipes. This was unimaginable even during the era of Martial Emperors.

"Let's go."

Emperor Wu and Gu Chensha silently hid themselves and flew down the Great Wall. In the blink of an eye, they crossed thousands of kilometers and arrived at the city built in the Wildlands.

"What's that?"

Emperor Wu saw that there was a huge pond outside the city, and there were people continuously transporting trash, excrement, and other things into it.

"This is all sorts of garbage and excrement fermenting in the pond. It will produce a kind of swamp gas that can be used as fuel for cooking. After the garbage is fermented, it will kill off a lot of sickness and is very effective in fertilizing the fields. This way, the city can also be cleaned and won't have to suffer from the accumulation of garbage," Gu Chensha said. "This is the cycle of heaven and man as one, which the Emperor proposed."

"Swamp gas …" Emperor Wu remembered that there were many swamps in the Wildlands, and the gas that came out of them could be ignited.

What kind of person was he? He immediately knew that this could change the way of life of the people.

The city's waste had always been a problem that troubled the rulers. Since ancient times, plagues caused by this would often cause cities to die.

Now, there were toilets in the city, and excrement would flow through underground pipes into the huge pond outside the city. Other than that, there were public bathhouses in the city that provided hot water.

"That's the street with the medical center, and the other side is the food and drink street. There are also areas that sell clothes, porcelain, and miscellaneous goods. The rich families live in the quieter eastern part of the city," Gu Chensha introduced to the Martial Emperor as they strolled leisurely.

"School's over, school's over …" Just then, a bell rang. After a while, a child's cheerful voice could be heard coming from a huge fortress in the distance. There were at least ten of them, and there were at least ten of them. It was a city school.

Many children were dressed in uniforms and lined up, singing and laughing as they walked out. They were led home by their teachers.

"Lord Emperor Wu, please take a look. How are the spirits of these children?" Gu Chensha asked.

"They are well-versed in both the pen and the sword." Emperor Wu nodded.

"Now, all the children who are Yongchō must go to school. All the expenses are provided by the imperial court, including three meals a day, clothes, and books.

There is a monthly assessment, and the outstanding ones will be rewarded with money, "Gu Chensha said.

"How will the imperial court pay for this?" Emperor Wu frowned.

"We conquered the Wilderness and expanded our territory, obtaining a large amount of fertile land. Using machinery to cultivate the land, the efficiency is ten times higher than before. Moreover, the imperial court has developed rice seeds. Now, one mu of land can produce more than a thousand catties of food. Moreover, there are iron carriages everywhere, so it doesn't cost much to transport them. "

Gu Chensha said, "Just this alone is enough to support the people. Other than that, the Calming Deity Bureau has conquered thousands of immortal sects. All of them are willing to pay taxes to the imperial court. At the same time, the imperial court allows them to recruit disciples from the common people and teach in schools. The Calming Deity Bureau is also willing to provide them with protection.

Even one-tenth of the taxes collected every year is enough to support the financial expenses of the world. "

"Calming Deity Bureau …" Emperor Wu turned around and looked at Gu Chensha. "I can't believe I have never accomplished anything great in my life. You juniors, get to work. " Rumble!

At this moment, a voice rang out from a barren mountain in the distance. A few figures flew up and circulated their Xiantian astral energy to split open the barren mountain. They cut the rocks into pieces and opened up a river from within.

"These are experts of the immortal dao between the Nine and Fourteen Transformations. Why are they doing construction in the common people?" Emperor Wu was surprised.

"This is the rule of the Calming Deity Bureau. Every day, the Calming Deity Bureau publishes a list of missions to the immortal dao sects. If the experts of the immortal dao sects complete the missions, they will be rewarded with merit points. With merit points, they can exchange for some pills and treasures of the Calming Deity Bureau."

Gu Chensha said, "The immortal dao cultivators repair bridges and roads among the common people, open up barren mountains, and even get rid of pests in the fields. They treat diseases and plagues. The common people's government offices have some difficult things to do, so they ask the Calming Deity Bureau to issue missions. Of course, the Calming Deity Bureau will also collect remuneration from the government offices. We have to settle the financial matters. "

Emperor Wu didn't answer. He watched as the sun gradually set and darkness enveloped the land. At the same time, the street lamps on both sides of the city lit up. The whole city was brightly lit and full of life.

These street lamps were made of moonstone powder and other materials. They absorbed sunlight during the day and released it at night. Moonstone was very precious in the past, but now it was almost common.

"Night market, snacks!"

At this time, many small merchants pushed out wooden carts filled with small goods and food, forming a night market. Some of the common people also came out to play and shop. It was even livelier than during the day. The children were so excited that they ran around. This was truly a peaceful era. Teams of armored soldiers patrolled the streets, giving people a sense of security.

Emperor Wu grabbed Gu Chensha and flew up into the sky again. He looked down at the land. There were lights everywhere. It was almost night in the divine lands.

After a long time, he sighed, "Such a nation's fortune, the world will prosper forever. It's ten times stronger than the empire I founded back then. If it continues to develop like this, it will be an unprecedented golden age in a few hundred years. How strong is the emperor's aura of this nation? " "At that time, there might not be any emperor's aura anymore."

Gu Chensha said, "In other words, everyone is an emperor. However, the imperial court and the country will only be counted when that moment comes.

As one of them, I naturally won't let the world suffer the calamity of war and ruin this great situation.

I think Lord Martial Emperor also cares about the people in the world. You don't want the world to be destroyed, the world to be in chaos, and the people to be in misery. " "It's true that I cherish the world."

Emperor Wu sneered, "However, I cherish the world, not the people under me. No matter how good the world is, it doesn't belong to me. It belongs to the Gu family.

I must rule the divine lands again after my resurrection. I've observed for a day and used a secret technique to collect the memories of many common people. I've more or less understood the current situation of the imperial court. It's good that it's prosperous, but it's a false response. All of this is built on the foundation that your emperor, Gu Taxian, is still alive. If he really disappears, the world will immediately fall apart. Heroes will rise, and dragons and snakes will rise. Am I right? "

"Looks like Lord Martial Emperor still wants to touch the world?" Gu Chensha knew that as a supreme overlord, there was no way this emperor would give up his goal so easily.