Chapter 83
==========

The one who was truly strong was himself, not the Heaven Offering Talisman. He had long understood this logic.

The sky was bright, and the sun rose from the east. Other than the First Prince and the Second Prince, everyone was gathered in the square.

"The imperial edict has arrived. All princes kneel to receive it." Lou Baiyue appeared, holding the imperial edict in her hands. All the princes, including the Seventh Prince who had cultivated the Glass Jade Body, knelt down.

"Imperial edict: Today, all of you are to come out of seclusion and attack the barbarians to avenge the people. If you succeed, your merits will be limitless.

I hereby declare that whoever conquers the biggest territory will be the owner of the territory. All of you will have your own maps and are not to fight among yourselves. "The imperial edict was simple and clear. It was said by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor himself. Keeping the imperial edict, Lou Baiyue waved her hand. "Everyone, let's go."

Immediately, the princes' armies left the Sky Bearing Pass like a long dragon. Suddenly, they split up and marched in all directions, entering deep into the Desolate Lands.

At the same time, in the depths of the Desolate Lands, on a tall mountain thousands of miles away from the Sky Bearing Pass, a man and a woman gazed into the distance. They could actually see everything that was happening in the Sky Bearing Pass clearly.

"Senior Sister, Gu Taxian really let his son come out of seclusion to attack the barbarians. The barbarians are filled with experts and he even has the help of the demon race. Isn't he afraid that his son will die?" The man was dressed in ancient attire, but he looked rather young. He was only in his early twenties.

"He wants to force out the power behind his son. All these years, he has allowed the princes to form factions and liaise with the outside world. All of the princes have built up a huge power, and if he doesn't use this chance to wash it away, the imperial court will definitely be restless. I have long known of his methods, and this is just a small trick."

The woman was wrapped in a plain sand-colored robe, and there was a cloud floating beneath her feet. She was actually floating in the air. No matter how strong the wind was, it couldn't even move her clothes.

"Senior Sister, tens of years ago, Gu Taxian came to the East Barren to learn martial arts from the Black Heaven Earth Sect. I heard that his cultivation level was very low when he came. How did he improve so much in just a few decades?" The man played with the jade pendant in his hand.

"Our Black Heaven Earth Sect has been in charge of the Immortal Dao for ten thousand years. Since ancient times, every thirty-six years, we would go to the mortal world to search for a large number of disciples with great luck and aptitude. They would be sent into the mountain to be servants and slowly advance."

The girl seemed to be reminiscing, "Gu Taxian entered the sect at that time. In the first year, he stood out and became an outer sect disciple. In the second year, he became an inner sect disciple. In the third year, he became a legacy disciple. His speed was really quick and rare. In the fourth year, he had cultivated to the 13 Dao Realm Transformations and his soul left the body. He became one of the top legacy disciples and in the fifth year, he was on the same level as the elders in the sect.

At that time, he was known as the number one genius of the Black Heaven Earth Sect since ancient times. In the sixth year, he improved even faster and directly achieved an immortal body. "

"He has only cultivated for six years. Some ancient fiendish demons can't even reach this level after cultivating for six thousand years."

The man was shocked. "Senior Martial Sister, Gu Taxian used to study under you. What kind of fortuitous encounter did he have? Even the direct descendants of God can't cultivate to this level. " "I know him very well."

The girl was in a daze, but the aura on her body became sharper. "But what he wants to do is to overturn the tens of thousands of years of fixed Celestial Dao. To think that these mortals are on the same level as us Celestials. There are virtuous and foolish people in the world, and there are emperors and generals. This is determined by fate and is also the rule of the Heavenly Dao. If it is overturned, the consequences will be unimaginable.

Now, he is fighting the Barbarian Evil God and has no time to interfere with the Celestial Dao. If he takes care of the Barbarian Race, it will be a calamity for the Celestial Dao. "

"But our Black Heaven Earth Sect, along with the 72 Immortal Sects that have been passed down since ancient times, and there are countless experts, can't do anything to him?" The man frowned.

"His cultivation has already reached the highest of the 36 Transformations. His Embodiment Transformation has surpassed many Gods."

The girl looked at the sky. "With his cultivation, it might not be impossible for him to be the leader of the 72 Immortal Sects. But he chose to be the Emperor in the mortal world. I don't know what he was thinking. No matter which Sect Leader of the 72 Immortal Sects, they are thousands of times more noble than the Emperor of the mortal world. In the past, when a small disciple enters the mortal court, he will be treated like an Immortal." "That's all in the past."

The man said, "Senior Sister, the intention of our coming out this time is to stop Gu Taxian from expanding his power again. But now, he is sending a prince to fight the Barbarians for the greater good. All the Celestial Dao sects slay demons and stand against the Evil God is the righteous path. We will never help the Barbarian demons and Evil God resist the army of the mortal world."

"Of course, we are not helping the Evil God this time. The sect wants us to choose one of the princes and make him one of us. We will train him to be our representative in the mortal world and fight against Gu Taxian," the girl said. "That person must have the same ideals as the Celestial Dao." "Then who should we choose?" The man asked. "Many princes, don't choose an ingrate. I will leave this matter to you, Senior Sister.

I have only been in the sect for ten years. My time is short and I have never left the mountain. This time, Senior Sister brought me out, so I will follow your lead. " "You follow the rules of the sect and are not arrogant. You are more mature than he was. "The girl nodded.

"This is the 'seed' of the younger generation of the Black Heaven Earth Sect? Compared to Heavenly Talisman, he seems to be ten thousand times weaker. "

Just as the two were discussing, a voice drifted over. "Qingyao, you have been the imparting elder of the Black Heaven Earth Sect for hundreds of years. How can the seed you found be so bad?" "Hmm?"

The girl looked as if she was facing a formidable enemy. Nervousness appeared on her face, as if she knew who it was. "Li Wanlong, you actually came out of seclusion." Crack!

The space in the air seemed to crack, and an opening appeared. A young man walked out of it. He was dressed in a golden robe and had long hair. He was tall and straight, looking like a demon god.

"You are the holy land of the demon race, the leader of the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons, Li Wanlong?"

The young man from the Black Heaven Earth Sect took a step forward. "I have heard of your name. Are you going to break the agreement and attack me before the Battle of Seeds?" "You? Kid, you are not qualified to make me attack you. "

Li Wanlong smiled disdainfully. "Qingyao, during the Battle of Seeds back then, your Black Heaven Earth Sect had Gu Tianxian. He single-handedly killed thousands of our Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons' outstanding Demon Clan seedlings. If your seeds are only at this level, I am afraid your generation will be cut off. " "You!" The young man was filled with killing intent, but he didn't dare to attack.

"Li Wanlong, you violated the agreement between immortals and demons to kill Gu Taxian because of this, but he escaped. Later, he became stronger and went to the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons to kill you. You fought against him and were defeated. If it weren't for your daughter, Peacock, who pleaded for you, I am afraid you would not have escaped death." Qingyao told the truth.

"The son of your Black Heaven Earth Sect's leader also died in the hands of Gu Taxian. You seem to have suffered a greater loss than me."

Unexpectedly, Li Wanlong wasn't angry. "Your leader could only swallow his anger and didn't dare to take revenge." "Li Wanlong, you didn't use this incarnation to find me to expose each other's scars, did you?"

Qingyao didn't have the patience to continue. "Do you want to ally with the Black Heaven Earth Sect to deal with Gu Taxian? Don't mention it. Good and evil cannot coexist.

You are a demon, and we are immortals. Since ancient times, there has been no possibility of cooperation. "

"I am here to tell you that your Black Heaven Earth Sect wants to support the prince, but our demon race has started to support him. We agreed not to fight head-on, in case we are defeated by Gu Taxian one by one.

We also don't want to participate in the Battle of Seeds anymore. What do you think? "Li Wanlong said.

"This is very important. The Battle of Seeds is a rule set by the immortals and demons for tens of thousands of years." Qingyao thought for a while and said, "I have to report this to the leader."

"Alright, I will wait for your news." Li Wanlong's body exploded into stardust and scattered like rain.

"Senior Sister, what is this demon's cultivation level?" The man's killing intent hadn't disappeared.

"Don't ask."

Qingyao's tone turned cold. "This time, we sent you out to gain experience. We chose a reliable prince, and you will stay by his side. You are the most outstanding seed in our sect in the past ten years. Don't you want to be on par with Gu Taxian? Is it really as Li Wanlong said, that you are ten thousand times weaker than Gu Taxian? " "Senior Sister, don't worry."

The young man swore, "I swear that I will surpass Gu Taxian, capture him, and hand him over to the sect to be punished." "Very good. You have such a great goal, but it is also the motivation for your growth."

Qingyao took out a scroll and said, "This is the latest information about many princes. I will test your judgment to see which prince is the most suitable for us.

The ways of the world are also a kind of cultivation. Gu Taxian could cultivate to such a level in such a short time because he has comprehended many mysteries in the human world. "

"Let me take a look." The man opened the scroll and moved his finger. Finally, he pointed at the portrait of a prince …

In the depths of the dense forest, there was no road. The team of more than two hundred people walked through the dense forest that was extremely humid. Crash!

Liu Yu, who was walking in front, seemed to have bumped into something. Densely packed things fell from the forest like raindrops and stuck to his armor. It turned out that those were blood-sucking lice.

These lice were only the size of a grain of rice. As long as there was a small gap, they would drill into people's flesh and suck their blood. Moreover, they spread diseases. Many experts had died from these annoying lice.

Unfortunately, the Horned Dragon Armor didn't have any gaps. Even the moisture couldn't enter. When people wore the armor, they were immune to all poisons, water, and fire. Even if the blood-sucking lice were ten times smaller, they wouldn't be able to drill into it. Liu Yu's body shook, and the blood-sucking lice were all bounced off the armor.

His movement was a little too big. In the surrounding forest, many scorpions, centipedes, spiders, and even poisonous snakes fell into the team and landed on people's heads.