Chapter 592
===========

Now that the Taiyi Profound Sect and the Universe Profound Sect had appeared, the result was completely different. Previously, the Department of Tranquility had been alone, but now it was fully fledged.

The Taiyi Profound Sect ranked second in the immortal dao. Its founder had been Lord Taiyi. If Lord Taiyi hadn't been plotted against by the three Celestial Masters, the Taiyi Profound Sect would probably be number one. The Universe Profound Sect didn't even need to be mentioned.

In the Immortal Dao, only these two sects could compete with the Profound Sect of Heaven and Earth. Once either of these two sects' Minor Chiliocosm ascended to a Medium Chiliocosm, they could truly contend with the Profound Sect of Heaven and Earth and share the limelight. However, this situation had been changed by the Department of Tranquility.

From now on, almost everyone could predict that the second and third rate Profound Sects of the immortal dao would submit to the Department of Tranquility. A behemoth would slowly rise. This court conference was the key.

If Wudang Kong and the aristocratic families under the heavens gained the upper hand, the officials under the heavens would immediately lose their confidence. In an instant, they would fall apart.

And if the Department of Tranquility gained the upper hand, the officials would unite and become more motivated. They wouldn't be so afraid of the Demon Disaster.

"The Universe Profound Sect, the Taiyi Profound Sect!"

Xuan An was shocked. "You dared to cooperate with the Department of Tranquility and go against the orders of the three Celestial Masters?"

"The Profound Sect of Heaven and Earth has no guts. The three Celestial Masters have completely suppressed them. Actually, even with a medium-grade world, the three Celestial Masters wouldn't dare to fight to the death," Chang Weiyang said disdainfully.

"Junior, go back and tell Xuan Ji Chang that he's been number one for too long. It's time for him to step down. Of course, you can't leave now. Xuan Ji Chang must pay a ransom or a fine. " "That's right, everyone.

Let me give you all a word of advice. A wise man is a wise man. It is best that you all pay the fine, otherwise the Calming Immortal Department will not allow you to leave. As for the minor dimensions of your sects, even if you join together, you still won't be able to contend with a dimensional realm. According to all reasoning, 1000 minor dimensions are equal to a single dimensional realm. "Tai Xuan pretended to be a good person again.

"Fine. We have to bow our heads when we're under someone else's roof," the Dharma Image said. "The school of Legalism is willing to pay the fine.

Even the Dharma Saint knew that if he didn't bleed today, he might not be able to have a good ending.

"Very good, the Dharma Saint is indeed a saint, going with the flow and adapting to circumstances."

Gu Chensha clapped his hands and said, "The Calming Immortal Department isn't going to hurt you. How about this: each aristocratic family will take out a primeval treasure of the same level as the Palace of Buzhou, and you'll be able to make up for your mistakes today. If you refuse to pay the tax, then don't blame the Calming Immortal Department for keeping all of you here."

As he spoke, Gu Chensha played with the talisman in his hand. This was formed from all the world power and cultivation of Xiao Donglai, a God-level expert from the Crimson Firmament Profound Sect. This was a great deterrent.

Even the aristocratic families would feel the pinch when this kid extorts them. A primeval treasure of the same level as the Palace of Buzhou is a treasure that belongs to sects. It's not something that ordinary God-level experts can refine, Tai Xuan thought to himself.

The Palace of Buzhou was something that the ancient Son of Heaven, Zhou, had spent a hundred years to refine. It was used to suppress the spatial collapse of a Demon Domain. This treasure contained the Dao of Heavenly Cycle Transformations, and it was a profound Divine Tool of a microscopic world. However, because of the passage of time, its world power had been used up, leaving only its original body.

However, the materials and laws contained in this treasure had been purified over time. As long as it was refined again, it would be the best foundation for a microscopic world.

If a God-level expert obtained this treasure, it would be much more convenient for them to build their own microscopic world.

A God-level expert building their own microscopic world was equivalent to an ordinary person building their own house.

Usually, after advancing to the God-level, they would slowly condense a space and then slowly perfect it before finally turning it into a microscopic world. This was a very long process.

For example, an ordinary person would first buy a piece of land, then buy materials, hire manpower, make plans, build a foundation, and so on.

Obtaining an Immemorial Treasure like the Palace of Bu Zhou was equivalent to directly obtaining a sturdy mansion and a large courtyard. All he needed to do was to fix it up a little.

Gu Chensha wanted to obtain a large number of primeval treasures to strengthen the foundation of the sphere after advancing to a medium-sized world. This was correct. He wanted to make the aristocratic families bleed, but he also didn't want to force them too much and cause them to be driven to desperate measures. Thus, this condition was just right.

Tai Xuan and Chang Weiyang jumped out at this time. Their goal was very obvious, they wanted to pick the peaches. They were both cunning people, not cowards. They didn't jump out at the beginning because it wasn't the right time. Now was the perfect time to strike a fierce blow and make the aristocratic families submit completely. They could then shift the hatred of the aristocratic families onto the Calming Xian Department, reaping benefits for themselves.

But the Calming Xian Department needed the Taiyi Mystical Sect and the Cosmos Mystical Sect to stand out.

It had to be said that as soon as the two great mystic gates stepped out, Gu Chensha felt his waist thicken and his courage grow. The Calming Xian Department was no longer a lone pillar of support.

As expected, as soon as these words were spoken, pain appeared on the faces of the God-level masters of the aristocratic families. Some aristocratic families still wanted to bargain, but as soon as the Dharma Elephant World waved his hand, there was a whistling sound as a long banner flew out from the distance. The banner was covered with dense scriptures; these scriptures were actually the words of the Buddhist Sect.

"This Amitabha Sutra Banner is an object of the Ancient Buddhist Sect."

The Dharma Elephant World only said a few words and then tossed the banner over, not saying anything more. This was an extremely shameful matter; he didn't want to stay here any longer. Kacha! He broke through the air and left. Gu Chensha didn't stop him.

Otherwise, it would have been impossible for him to escape. Even the Dharma Saint wouldn't be able to save him.

The Dharma Saint still hadn't fully recovered so he couldn't resist a dimensional realm. Moreover, there were now two great powerhouses like Chang Weiyang and Tai Xuan, as well as the mystic gates behind them.

"Wonderful!"

Gu Chensha took the Amitabha Sutra Banner and thought to himself, 'I've seen this Amitabha Sutra Banner in the school of Legalism, but I didn't manage to obtain it. Now, it's still in my hands.'

Back when Gu Chensha had infiltrated the school of Legalism to steal treasures, the first thing he saw was this Amitabha Sutra Banner. However, the situation had suddenly changed. He only managed to steal six treasures — the Primordial Chaos Holy Elixir, the Law Tree, the All-encompassing Shattering Rod, the Minor Thunderclap Temple, the Minor Muni Pagoda, and the Three Realms Seal.

This Amitabha Sutra Banner was a true primordial treasure. It was refined by a powerhouse of the Buddhist Sect through blood, sweat, and tears. Waving the long banner could accelerate the transformation of demons and protect one's body.

Gu Chensha didn't plan to integrate these treasures into the dimensional realm. Instead, he planned to use them to build up the Small Divine Prefecture. This was based on the consideration of maximizing benefits.

Now that the sphere had advanced, even if he integrated the primordial treasure, it wouldn't be of much help. However, if the Small Divine Prefecture had a primordial treasure to suppress it, it would be able to expand rapidly in the sea. It would be able to purify more marine life, allowing some of the stronger marine life, such as demons, to take human form and gain sentience. This way, the power of wishes generated would be much greater.

Gu Chensha weighed the talisman in his hand. As a God Realm expert, Xiao Donglai had condensed all his life essence and the power of his world into this talisman. It was enough to suppress the Small Divine Prefecture's vital energy channels.

Back then, the Hegemon Fist Sect's Sect Leader, Ba Jufeng, had provoked Gu Chensha and had all his magic power extracted. He had fallen to the mortal world and was still working in the mortal world. That talisman had also become a treasure to suppress the array core. However, how could the talisman formed from Ba Jufeng's essence compare to Xiao Donglai?

After Gu Chensha got the people from the aristocratic families to hand over their treasures, he prepared to condense his Azure Biochemical Dragon Pagoda to suppress the Small Divine Prefecture.

The Small Divine Prefecture would definitely usher in a huge leap. The power of wishes obtained from such a long period of operation would definitely be much more than the treasures that were integrated into the sphere. This was taking out treasures for development and investment, not saving them up like a miser.

For ordinary people to obtain wealth, they needed to work hard. Immortal cultivators needed to work harder.

Especially for God Realm experts, if one knew how to work and the other didn't, they would be left far behind in the past few years.

The so-called work of a God Realm expert was to take care of the masses and obtain the power of faith from their hearts. Whoosh! At this time, Fa Wuxian saw the Dharma Elephant Realm fly away. He wanted to fly away too.

But how could Gu Chensha let him go? Gu Chensha sent out a ray of light and intercepted him out of thin air.

"Gu Chensha, what are you trying to do!?" Fa Wuxian was scurrying around in the air like a housefly, but he couldn't fly out. He kept shouting.

"The Amitabha Sutra Banner just now was the Dharma Elephant Realm's fine, not yours.

You have always despised the imperial court. Back then, you conspired against the imperial court and barged into my residence to cause trouble. I tolerated you, but today, we are in the imperial court, and you are still shouting here. That is an unforgivable crime. However, on account of the Dharma Empress, I will let you off as long as you pay the penalty. "

Gu Chensha was expressionless, as though he was conducting a trial. "You have a primordial treasure, the Blade of Law Enforcement, on you. It was refined by the Dharma Saint back then. Take it out and you can leave. However, the next time you commit a crime, I will not let you off easily. " "You!"

Fa Wuxian was burning with rage, but he was also a sensible person. He knew that Gu Chensha was ruthless, and the situation was already set. If he continued to cause trouble here today, even the Dharma Saint might not be able to protect him.

He flipped his palm, and the crescent-moon-shaped "Blade of Law Enforcement" flew over and was caught by Gu Chensha.

"Alright, you can scram now."

Gu Chensha waved his hand, and sure enough, Fa Wuxian was sent tumbling in the air by the force. It was unknown where he landed, but then he disappeared.

"Fan Bai, you are the number one expert of the Fan family.

You are only one step away from the Sage Realm, and besides the Extreme Thunder Essence, you are the first to jump out. This is a great crime. What do you think I should do? "Gu Chensha aimed at Fan Bai.

"This is a primordial treasure, the Wintry Pearl."

Fan Bai took out a pearl. It was filled with cold air, as though it contained a kingdom of ice and snow. "This is a divine weapon refined by the ancient Ice Goddess. Back then, the Ice Goddess was conferred the title of True God, and she was in charge of managing the snow and ice in the Divine Prefecture.