Chapter 568
===========

Although the Maha Clan was known as the 'Demon Emperor Clan' by countless demons in the demonic realm, the Maha Clan was actually human.

The Maha Family's foundation was extremely deep. They were the descendants of the Maha God from ancient times, and they had been protected by the Maha God for generations. Boundless resources were piled up in the Maha God's family, allowing the Maha God to flourish.

For example, although the Legalism was known as the number one clan, it could not compare to the Maha Clan of the Demon Emperor Clan.

The reason was that God Maha had existed since ancient times and had only been sealed by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor a few decades ago.

As for the Dharma Saint, he had only been revived a few days ago. Moreover, God Maha had been an existence on par with the three Heavenly Venerables in ancient times, and the Dharma Saint had only reached this realm because of the great changes in the world. His strength had yet to fully recover. With God Maha's protection for close to ten thousand years, the Maha Clan was actually ordinary? Even someone like the Immortal Master had to be roped in.

Within the Maha Family, there were many old ancestors with profound cultivations. They could operate the Heavenly Daos and swallow the world. They had unfathomably supreme abilities. Moreover, the Maha Family had operated for many years, and their world had long since become a dimensional realm that could stand shoulder to shoulder with the Black Heaven Earth Gate.

Gu Huansha knew that if she roped in the Maha Clan and controlled the Celestial Designer Institute herself, she could really clean up the mess when the demon calamity descended and establish the world the Immortal Master had envisioned. Immortals and mortals would be separated forever, and there would be no immortals in the world.

When that time came, the destiny needed to establish the world would gather and push the Immortal Master to an extremely terrifying realm.

"Our dozens of ancestors have said that we will follow the Immortal Master's lead." Maha Suisui narrowed his eyes.

The dozens of ancestors she spoke of naturally meant that there were dozens of 'god' level experts in the clan. The Legalism Clan had thirteen, and the Wu Clan had nine.

But the Maha Clan had dozens. From this, one could see how powerful the Maha Clan was. It was not without reason that the Demon Emperor Clan could suppress the demons for so many years.

"Is there any news from the Sky Demon Clan recently?

Your Sovereign Devil Clan and Heaven Devil Clan have been fighting for many years and both sides have suffered losses. No one can do anything to the other. However, in the recent decades, Maha Deity has been sealed and the Heaven Devil Clan has gained the upper hand. However, in the recent years, the Heaven Devil Clan has suddenly disappeared without a trace. They seem to be carrying out a huge conspiracy. We have to be careful. "Gu Huan Sha knew the details.

Before God Maha, the Heavenly Devil Race had already ruled over the Demon Domain. They had dominated countless Great Wars of Fiendgods and Immortals and Demons. They had launched countless Devil Disasters, even stirring up chaos in the Primordial World and slaughtering countless races.

The Primordial Heavenly Demon was famous, causing the Immortal, Divine, Demon, and Sorcerer Paths to tremble in fear. Otherwise, they wouldn't have called themselves Heavenly Demons. The so-called Heavenly Devil was a devil that was on par with the Heavens.

However, God Maha had appeared out of nowhere and suppressed the Demon Domain. With his strength alone, he had suppressed the various races in the Demon Domain. The Heaven Devil Clan couldn't do anything to him. They had always tried to wrest back control of the various Demon Domains, but to no avail.

For so many years, the Sovereign Devil Clan and Heaven Devil Clan had been roping in other Devil Clans and suppressing the disobedient Devil Clans in the Demon Domain. In the recent decades, after God Maha Deity had been sealed, the Sovereign Devil Clan and Maha Family had been at a disadvantage. They had no choice but to seek protection from the Immortal Master.

Gu Huan Sha knew that the Maha Family was just a temporary measure. They really couldn't be trusted. However, they were still in the honeymoon phase. Their relationship could be said to be very close.

"With the Devil Disaster erupting, the Heaven Devil Clan will definitely make a move. There's no doubt about it. The Middle Earth of the Divine Continent is a wonderful world with countless resources. It's impossible for the Heaven Devil Clan not to be tempted."

Maha Suisui said, "Our Old Ancestor is activating a secret technique and has more or less figured out the movements of the Heaven Devil Clan."

"What do you think of the Celestial Calmness Department, Little Sister? Those youngsters seem to have some tricks up their sleeves." Gu Huan Sha had interacted with Gu Chensha before, and even lost the Hundred Treasures Immortal River.

"The Celestial Calmness Department will have a hard time surviving this tribulation. On the surface, the Immortal Dao and the Devil Race have their eyes on them. There are also many other major powers eyeing them covetously, ready to make a move at a moment's notice. For example, the Nest of 10,000 Dragons, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, the Great Spirit God, the Xingqiong Clan, the three Celestial Sovereigns, the Heaven Devil Clan, the Dharma Saint, and even us. Aside from that, there are also some other powerful, unknown existences. Even if they have divine abilities that can pierce through heaven and earth, they probably won't be able to do anything." Maha Suisui sighed.

"Little Sister seems to have taken a liking to one of them. Is it the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, Gu Chensha, or Gu Huasha? "

Gu Huan Sha asked. "Little Sister, you've always been proud and arrogant. You view all men as nothing. Even that Fa Wuxian is nothing more than an arrogant madman to you. But the men in the Celestial Calmness Department aren't simple at all. They're all geniuses. Just look at how they run things."

"There's no need to mention the Lord of Seven Stars. She's an all-powerful existence who can shake heaven and earth. Anyone who looks down on her would be truly arrogant and conceited. As long as the Lord of the Sun Moon doesn't show up, the Lord of Seven Stars is the absolute king." As Maha Suisui spoke, another person entered the room. It was none other than Maha Linfeng.

"There's a rumor going around that Wu Dangkong is the Lord of the Sun Moon. I wonder if that's true." "Wu Dangkong?"

Maha Suisui laughed in disdain. "She's a complete idiot. I don't even know how she obtained the Heaven Sacrifice Decree.

She had a good hand, but she played it so badly that she gained power. She has the Wu family behind her, and she even roped in the Xing Qiong family. She even earned the title of 'Concubine Treacherous'. If I were her, I'd just kill myself. "

"Actually, things aren't as simple as they seem. Wu Dangkong has her own difficulties. She might not be able to use the Heaven Sacrifice Decree like the Son of Heaven did."

Gu Huan Sha had the imperial bloodline, so she could see through many things. "However, Wu Dangkong definitely isn't the Lord of the Sun Moon. It's definitely someone else." "Let's not talk about Wu Dangkong," said Maha Suisui.

Maha Suisui said, "The Heaven Alliance she built is just a joke. I am most interested in Calm Celestial Department. He actually used the 23 Transformations of Dao Realm Reflection to win sister and also won the Hundred Treasure Celestial River. What is his cultivation?"

"This person has already awakened my father's bloodline, and the quality of his magic power is unfathomable. With just his own magic power, he can actually use the All-encompassing Destruction Cudgel. Furthermore, he has fused with the blade energy of the Immortal-Slaying God-Slaying Flying Dagger.

"This person is indeed a mystery and I can't see through him. I am really curious about him. Moreover, his methods are really amazing. In such a short time, he was able to build such a huge faction. I have studied his information. Calming Xian Department was built by him. He obtained the Heaven Monster Book, raised the Heaven Monster Tree, recruited Zhuge Ya, squeezed out the Dragon Raising Technique from Dou Nineteen, and built the Small Divine Prefecture. He is even stronger than the Lord of Seven Stars. If you say that he is the Lord of the Sun Moon, I would believe it." "All the more reason for this kid to get it."

Interest flickered in Maha Sui's eyes. "This kid's management skills are amazing. If he can help us, we can save a lot of trouble."

"Those fools destroyed the Tranquil Immortal Department and only thought about those Lesser Chiliocosms and Dharma treasures. In fact, the most important core is the talent. We cannot miss this opportunity." Gu Huansha was determined to get Gu Chensha.

"The sky is getting brighter and the Black Star is rising. The slaughter is about to begin." Maha Linfeng said, "Look."

Sure enough, among the stars in the sky, there was an additional star. This star carried with it the meaning of opening up the future. It was extremely bright, but in the depths of the brightest core, there seemed to be something pitch-black hidden within. This was the Black Star. The meaning of Xuan was dark. The moment it appeared, all the other stars faded away. It seemed like the day was about to arrive.

In the Celestial Dao, this star was called the Black Star. The people called it the Morning Star. The appearance of this star meant that the night was about to pass and the day was about to arrive.

However, this was the dawn of the sixth day. Once the sky brightened, the Devil Calamity would erupt. Many people were waiting. The world was about to change.

"The Black Star will rise and blood will descend. Many people are still dreaming and don't know the changes. This is something that can't be helped." Lou Baiyue sighed.

At this time, all the upper echelons of Calming Xian Department were gathered in the Common People's Wish sphere.

The upper echelons of Calming Xian Department knew that when the Devil Calamity erupted, other powers might not be attacked at the start. However, Calming Xian Department would definitely be attacked. Calming Xian Department had developed too quickly these years and had already formed a minor world. Many Deity level experts felt a great threat and had to be eliminated quickly.

If the Devil Calamity invaded according to plan, it was very likely that Calming Xian Department would use all sorts of methods to neutralize and nibble away at them.

It was better to directly attack and kill Calming Xian Department, shattering everyone's confidence in one fell swoop.

"I wonder if His Highness can defeat the Desolate Dragon Gate's will and subdue this talisman. If we can't do it before the Devil Calamity attacks, I'm afraid our fate will be bleak. "

At this time, Bao Ming 'er was very worried. "I have already heard news from the Great Wei Dynasty. The Black Yellow Dragon Emperor seems to have grasped a way to resist the Heavenly Dao's summons. He can use all his strength. He has already begun to deploy troops and open teleportation gates. At the same time, he has created a huge fleet. Once the Devil Calamity erupts, he will immediately attack our imperial court from the sea.

Over these years, our imperial court has recruited hundreds of island countries. If they are all occupied, it will affect the Central Plains and cause the hearts of the people to waver. That will be bad. " "The Black Yellow Dragon Emperor is really going to attack."

Zhuge Ya watched anxiously as Gu Chensha continuously activated the Heavenly Dao Technique to infiltrate the Desolate Dragon Gate's talisman. Their wills clashed.

The entire Common People's Wish sphere was shaking, as though it had returned to the ancient Desolate Era.