Chapter 967
===========

"Your Majesty, that Gu Daoxian is audacious. He actually dares to defy the will of heaven and attack the Sky Court. Now, the Sky Court's crystal barrier has been broken by him. He's outside the Sky Gate, and all of us constellations have formed a formation, but we can't stop him." The Dharma Saint and the others had all arrived at the Sky Court's main hall.

"All of you, get to your positions."

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "This Gu Daoxian's power has suddenly increased greatly. It's quite strange. You must not act rashly and advance rashly. Maintain your positions, and the Sky Court will naturally protect you from harm." "Hahahaha …" As he spoke, the Sky Court trembled. Space was torn apart. Gu Daoxian descended here. He came to the main hall of the Sky Court. He looked at the Emperor Of Heaven face to face.

"Emperor Of Heaven, I'm standing in front of you now. What do you think? "

Gu Daoxian looked around the Sky Court, and then at the Primordial Chaos Sky Pillar. The Primordial Chaos Sky List hung above it, as well as the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven.

Behind the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven was the Primordial Chaos Sky Pillar, which supported the throne.

"Gu Daoxian, I didn't expect you to have such a fortuitous encounter. It even surpassed my expectations. It seems like the tribulation has really come. In this tribulation, even Gu Chensha will find it difficult to escape, and I will be in danger. But that doesn't matter. To me, this is a tribulation and a trial."

The Celestial Thearch sighed. "It's a pity that you've fallen into a terrible trap, and you don't even know it. If you could turn back immediately and submit to me, you might be able to avoid this disaster. But you've gone against the grain, and you've come to steal the Heavenly Court. You're courting death.

"Emperor Of Heaven, don't try to scare me here."

Gu Daoxian laughed loudly. "Now that I have obtained power and secret techniques, they are the true essence of comprehension. Under this true essence, all of your cultivation is no match for me. I will completely break them. What other tricks do you have?

Now, I can't bear to start a massacre here, because in my opinion, the Heavenly Court is my wealth, how can I bear to kill these people? "

As he spoke, Gu Daoxian looked at the Dharma Saint. "Dharma Saint, you're now the Heavenly King of Reforms, and you have quite a bit of power. You've even comprehended your own principles. You're the Emperor Of Heaven's most capable subordinate. How about it? If you join me and turn traitor now, I'll immediately confer upon you an even higher position. Whatever you want, I can satisfy you. "

"Gu Daoxian, in this world, only Gu Chensha and the Emperor Of Heaven are worthy for me to rely on. However, Gu Chensha's ideals are lawlessness and everyone is free. In the end, there will be no order. His principles are completely different from mine. Therefore, those who walk different paths cannot make plans together.

"Only the Emperor Of Heaven strengthens the order, and uses magic to the extreme." The Dharma Saint looked at Gu Daoxian disdainfully. "Do you think I'm a coward who fears death and is a two-faced person? My dao is magic, and it is order. The tighter the order, the greater my power.

"Gu Daoxian, in my opinion, you have no chance at all. You're not even comparable to the lowest of commoners. You're arrogant, conceited, and arrogant. If you don't have the mutated essence, you're just a piece of trash and a fool. That's why you were so easily manipulated to come to the Heavenly Court to cause trouble. " "You're right, Dharma Saint."

The Emperor Of Heaven nodded. "Your magic can assist me in establishing eternal order. Everything in the world has order. With order, it won't collapse. What dao? Law and order are the dao, and the connection between law and order is knowledge and truth.

Without order, there will be no dao, and there will be no law. There will be no knowledge and truth, and the existence of all living things will be meaningless. " "You people really talk too much nonsense."

Gu Daoxian was so angry that he almost exploded. Suddenly, he stretched out his hand, fingers spread wide, and grabbed out toward the Dharma Saint. RUMBLE! The Dharma Saint's body shone with the light of law, which actually blocked Gu Daoxian's grab.

"What?" Gu Daoxian retracted his hand. "Dharma Saint, you're actually so strong? You can actually block my attack? "

"Gu Daoxian, I told you, you're just a weakling. Other than the mutated essence, what other strengths do you have? Everything you have, you didn't gain enlightenment on your own. You relied on luck.

You were even used as a chess piece by someone else. How could you possibly understand how powerful I am?

"I gained enlightenment of wonderful magic, and fused my own Dharma and Logos into the human world, as well as many other worlds. From there, I extracted the Deathless Magic, and then fed it back into my own heart. I'm an ordinary person. 10,000 years ago, I walked step by step from being an ordinary person to becoming a Saint. Furthermore, I was the first Saint. After that, I went silent, but I continued to gain enlightenment, and never once doubted my own path.

"How could you possibly compare to me?

In my eyes, you're just a child who hasn't even grown his hair yet, "said the Dharma Saint without any trace of politeness.

"How dare you!"

Hearing the Dharma Saint's words, Gu Daoxian was so angry that he couldn't control himself. "Dharma Saint, do you know what you're doing? You actually dare to anger me? Do you think that just because you blocked my grab, you can truly contend against me?

I've already judged your power from that grab just now. If I go all out, you won't be able to block five of my moves. "

"Your Majesty, this fiend is simply too arrogant. The sacred Heavenly Court's great hall cannot tolerate even the slightest bit of filth and blasphemy." The Dharma Saint ignored Gu Daoxian's words.

"That's true. Since this fiend dared to attack the Heavenly Court, if we don't suppress him, the order of the various worlds and the dignity of the Heavenly Court's laws will be completely obliterated." The Emperor Of Heaven nodded.

"Hahaha …" Gu Daoxian laughed wildly. "Emperor Of Heaven, you say you want to suppress me?

How laughable. If you could suppress me, you wouldn't have waited for me to attack the Heavenly Court a long time ago.

I've already comprehended an unparalleled divine ability. This divine ability has endless transformations, and it far surpasses your and Gu Chensha's mental cultivation techniques. I'll unleash it now.

Don't worry, after I suppress you, I won't kill you. I'll seal you in a cage, and everyone in the world will see you being raised by me like an animal. Of course, you won't be lonely either. I'll also capture that Gu Chensha and lock him in a cage as well. I'll make you two my dogs, and everyone will see how you two dogs crawl. Hahahahaha … "

"How deranged. However, these shouldn't be your words. You've been controlled by some terrifying existence. So that's what that terrifying existence thinks."

The Emperor Of Heaven sighed. "Fortunately, this thing hasn't truly appeared. It's just a form formed from a portion of its will. That kind of method can't do anything to me. " Rumble! As he spoke, the Emperor Of Heaven made his move.

In the blink of an eye, layers upon layers of Heavens appeared above the Celestial Emperor's head. That's right, layers upon layers of Heavens. The Heavens couldn't be divided into layers. The Heavens were the Heavens, eternally mysterious and unfathomable. However, there were many layers above the Emperor Of Heaven's head.

"Supreme Imperial Heaven, Tranquil Heaven, Misty Heaven, Pure Jade Heaven, Nurturing Heaven, Coiling Dragon Heaven, Dream Return Heaven, Misty Cloud Heaven, Eternal Joy Heaven, Profound Purity Heaven, Great Unity Heaven, Peaceful Cultivation Heaven, Bright Heaven, Nine Arms Heaven, Immortal Tune Heaven, Glazed Heaven, Tranquil Heaven …"

The heavens above the Emperor Of Heaven's head were divided into ninety-nine layers. Each layer was inhabited by countless deities and experts. They were like clouds and wild cranes, drifting back and forth freely. Above the ninety-nine layers of heavens, there were endless Sky Beyond Heavens.

The Sky Beyond Heavens was blurry, and nothing could be seen. However, there seemed to be an eternal and great existence in the Sky Beyond Heavens. Rumble!

When the ninety-nine layers of heavens and the Sky Beyond Heavens appeared, Gu Daoxian's expression immediately changed. He felt an unprecedented pressure. This pressure was so great that he could not react at all. Crack!

His knees broke. Under the pressure of the ninety-nine layers of heavens and the Sky Beyond Heavens, he could not withstand it. He knelt down in front of the Emperor Of Heaven.

"This is … What kind of technique is this?" Gu Daoxian struggled with all his might, but he could not break free from this suppression.

"The heavens are actually also a cage, and the Heavenly Dao is also a cage. Look, no matter how it changes, it is just the turbulence of time and space. There are many worlds in the primal chaos, but there are no changes at all. How boring is that?

"We have already seen the end of this world, seen the changes of time and space, and the future, so I want to break this cage. That is why there is the Sky Beyond Heavens, and beyond the Sky Beyond Heavens, there is still the Sky.

"You will never be able to understand my breadth of mind.

"Gu Daoxian, this name of yours really does not suit you.

"I will give you a new name. You will be called Gu Dujian.

"The second generation of Gu Taxian will be called Sha, and the third generation will be called Sword. Since you cannot be the first generation, you will be the third generation."

The Emperor Of Heaven waved his hand, and the ninety-nine layers of heavens and the Sky Beyond Heavens above his head released a powerful suction force, wanting to suck Gu Daoxian in.

"No!"

Gu Daoxian's body trembled as he did his best to resist. However, with his cultivation base, he could not resist the Emperor Of Heaven. "Emperor Of Heaven, how can you be so powerful? Each layer of your ninety-nine layers of heavens is like a celestial court, and the Sky Beyond Heavens is even more powerful. It does not belong to anything in this world.

"You are creating a new Undying.

"Where did you get such power from?

"Gu Chensha was able to create the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method, so naturally, I can create something that is on par with him. The current Human Realm is much larger than what I expected it to be, because of the addition of the Variation Origin."

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "I have also changed. I have become much more powerful than what I expected. Everyone is changing, and even the laws are changing. Even you, Gu Daoxian, are you not changing too? Today, I have brought out my true power to show you.

However, it is too late for you to regret it now. I will extract a bit of my consciousness from your body and see what this terrifying thing is. " Wu wu wu … As Gu Daoxian struggled, a large amount of the Variation Origin in his body flowed away. However, deep within the core, there seemed to be a bit of black light.