Chapter 601
===========

"The Human-Dragon Union has the backing of the Buddhist Sect. I didn't recruit Qin Han into the Celestial Calmness Department because of this. The Buddhist Sect is deep and vast. We can make use of them, but we definitely can't swallow them. Our Celestial Calmness Department doesn't have that much power."

Gu Chensha observed the Human-Dragon Union for a long time and discovered that it had converted at least millions of demons and turned them into guardian vajras. They built temples and ancient monasteries between Sin Province and the demons, then sat in them and chanted sutras. They actually gathered a lot of power of faith.

Moreover, there were many adventurers and scholars outside who joined the Human-Dragon Union. It was just that few joined the Buddhist Sect. Of course, there were also many who learned the secret arts of the Buddhist Sect.

Now that the people were enlightened, Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had abolished the gods and taught the people.

And the Celestial Calmness Department was also vigorously promoting that there was no need for reverence, only desire, approval, ego, and ideals. Blind faith was foolish and ignorant. Gu Chensha observed for a long time and found that it was not bad. He was somewhat satisfied.

He believed that the Human-Dragon Union could be established and was an official organization, but the Buddhist Sect could only be used and not allowed to develop.

"When should I have a talk with the supreme Buddha of the Buddhist Sect, or meet with the giants of the Buddhist Sect?" Gu Chensha thought about this.

With his own cultivation, compared to the transcendent Buddhas and some of the Buddhist Sect Masters, he was far too shallow, no different from an ant. But, he was someone who possessed the Heavenly Dao Laws and was also the creator of a dimensional realm. This status was enough for him to speak on equal terms with the three Empyreans. It was that simple. The three Celestial Venerables paid great attention to the power of a dimensional realm.

The Buddhist Sect's mighty figures had yet to show their true strength. Gu Chensha let the Human-Dragon Union operate here. In other words, if the demons wanted to attack, they would clash with the Buddhist Sect. If the Buddhist Sect wanted to develop and grow, they had to convert demons and gather faith.

And the key was that after the Buddhist Sect converted demons and turned them into guardian vajras, they wouldn't develop.

The vajras transformed from demons were devout believers, but what they did every day was nothing more than building, fighting, and chanting sutras. It was impossible for them to operate, expand, and preach.

Gu Chensha knew that the Buddhist Sect was currently lacking in talents. If they wanted to develop, it would be extremely difficult. They could only rely on the Jiao Jing Xian Bureau.

Furthermore, his incarnation was in charge of the overall situation of the Man-Dragon League. Any movements of the Buddhist Sect could not be hidden from his eyes and ears.

"The Buddhist Sect is particular about fate. If the Supreme Buddha or the Buddhist Sect's Big Shots intentionally come to look for me, I will definitely meet them."

Gu Chensha observed the state of Sin Province. Right now, the Buddhist Sect and the Devil Race did not make any moves, so he temporarily did not start a war.

To the current imperial court, with every year that passed, their strength would increase by a lot. If they could delay it for several decades, then when Gu Chensha reached the Divine level, everything would be easily resolved.

Of course, if they were able to drag things out for another year or so and continue to develop peacefully, Zhuge Ya would definitely be able to attain the Divine level. This would be of great significance to the Calming Immortal Department.

A Divine level like Zhuge Ya, with his identity as the Lord of Two Stars and the strength of the True Dragon Method, was almost stronger than the thirteen Divine level old ancestors of the school of Legalism. Gu Chensha left Sin Province and came to the neighboring Jiang Province.

Jiang Province and Sin Province were bordered by each other. As the name suggested, there were many rivers and countless underground springs that formed rivers that flowed in all directions. There were frequent floods, but the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had built a canal to connect the many rivers in Jiang Province, clearing the silt and dredging the river channels. The construction had begun in the first year of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's reign, finally gathering all the rivers in Jiang Province, connecting the north, south, west, and east.

"Hmm? Jiang Province is dredging the river channels and clearing the silt again? "

Gu Chensha swept with his magic power, and all the scenery of the entire Jiang Province appeared before his eyes. He discovered that someone was using Connate Stellar Energy, so he immediately descended. He discovered that a few Dao Realm Eight or Nine Transformations cultivators were using their magic power to dredge the river channels under the supervision of the officials.

"Hai!"

The cultivators worked together, and their Connate Stellar Energy burst forth, forming a huge palm in the air that grabbed at the river channels.

Instantly, dozens of tons of silt were scooped up from the depths of the river, piled up in the distance, and placed in the fields, where it was extremely fertile.

Then, the cultivators continued to fish and repair the silt. A river that was dozens of miles long, which had originally been piled up with silt and dried up, was now completely repaired in an hour. After the cultivators were done, the officials gave them their rewards, which were medicinal pills.

In the distance, there were also a few cultivators using their Connate Stellar Energy to mine rocks from the mountains, transport them down, and build houses and roads. There were also some formations and feng shui layouts.

Gu Chensha nodded. He knew that this was the policy that the Celestial Calmness Bureau, the Military Governor, and the Upper Study had come up with after the imperial court conference. It had united the cultivators of the immortal dao and the human world.

The imperial court had issued many missions, such as repairing bridges and roads, teaching students, opening up land for farming, dredging the river channels, smelting iron and steel, and a series of civil construction tasks for the cultivators to handle. The efficiency of cultivators was much greater than that of ordinary people.

For example, the dredging of the river channels. Ordinary people would have to carry it on their shoulders, and it would take a long time to clean up a river that was dozens or even hundreds of miles long. However, cultivators could use their Connate Stellar Energy to quickly finish digging.

The Celestial Calmness Bureau was spreading the idea that the purpose of cultivation wasn't to fight and kill, but to build up production.

They were working together with the government to promote the "Immortals in the Human World" project.

The so-called "Immortals in the Human World" was to integrate a large number of cultivators with mortals, letting the mortals know that they, too, could reach this realm through cultivation. The cultivators would help the mortals in the human world. Not only could they comprehend the mysteries of the mortal world, but they could also complete various missions to obtain medicinal pills, spells, flying swords, armor, and other treasures. This way, it would also attract many cultivators of the immortal dao.

In the Eastern Wilderness, the seventy-two mystic sects of the immortal dao had a large number of cultivators, and second and third rate mystic sects were as numerous as the hairs on an ox. In addition, there were countless wandering cultivators, cultivators from overseas, and powerhouses who had come across fortuitous encounters among the common people.

Add to this the Devil Calamity, and countless cultivators would come to the Central Plains in search of opportunities.

In history, every Devil Calamity was both a tribulation and an opportunity. Because of the restlessness of the conflict between spirit and demon, countless treasures would appear due to the changes in the Heavenly Daos.

Because of this, many ordinary cultivators would obtain opportunities during the great calamity and become experts, or even high and mighty gods. Meanwhile, the original gods would fall and become skeletons. This was the case when a dynasty changed.

It was clear that after the Devil Calamity, the number of cultivators roaming the Central Plains had increased. These cultivators flew high and low, and didn't obey the law. They were difficult to manage, and had a huge impact on public order.

Although the Celestial Calmness Bureau could suppress them, there were too many cultivators, and there would always be a loophole in their defenses.

Thus, the Celestial Calmness Bureau simply activated the "Immortals in the Human World" project and issued missions, using human dragon cores and all sorts of treasures to make cultivators work for the government. At the same time, they would register the cultivators' information.

As long as a cultivator violated the law and issued a mission, many cultivators would go after him. This would actually create a balance.

"That is our Celestial Calmness Bureau's Mortal Life Pavilion."

Gu Chensha turned into a cultivator with a shake of his body. The aura was roughly at the Dao Realm Ninth Transformation, and he landed on a plain in Jiang Prefecture City.

There was a huge pavilion built on that plain. It was majestic, and there were faint fluctuations of Dharmic power.

This was the Mortal Life Pavilion built by the Celestial Calmness Bureau. It was used by many cultivators to issue missions, trade treasures, buy pills, and auction flying swords and armor.

Jiang Prefecture was close to Sin Province, and most of Sin Province was occupied by demons. The government and commoners had all moved out, and the entire Sin Province was empty. There were no institutions of the government, and the army of the government was stationed at the border of Jiang Prefecture to defend against the demons at any time. Thus, Jiang Prefecture had become the frontlines. As a result, Jiang Prefecture was filled with crooks and honest folk.

Gu Chensha came to the side of the Mortal Life Pavilion and saw many tall cultivators. There were even some disciples of the ancient seventy-two sects.

The Small Divine Province was recruiting cultivators. There were already hundreds of thousands of them, but this was nothing compared to the countless sects of the Eastern Wastelands.

There were still many cultivators who hadn't been recruited. Some cultivators were used to freedom and weren't willing to join any factions.

Gu Chensha landed. There was a square outside the Mortal Life Pavilion. There were many huge stone steles that stood hundreds of feet tall. On the stone steles, there were constantly flashing lights.

These lights were a type of spell that could display many words and images. They were missions issued.

Many cultivators were gathered here to see if there were any opportunities to complete the missions issued by the Celestial Calmness Bureau and the government to obtain the Human Dragon Pill and other treasures.

The Human Dragon Pill was now all the rage in the Celestial Path. Any cultivator hoped to obtain it to strengthen their foundations. Moreover, the Human Dragon Sword and Human Dragon Armor were also very attractive. Even high-level cultivators had their own corresponding armor. The Human Dragon Sword and Human Dragon Armor were split into seven levels. From One Star to Seven Stars.

If the Seven Star Human Dragon Armor was forged now, it could reach the Twenty-Seventh Transformation, the Seamless Realm of Two Worlds. However, creating such an armor consumed a lot of the Tree of Wishes' power, so it wasn't worth it.

Of course, to attract cultivators to fight for it, the Celestial Calmness Bureau had the Tree of Wishes create a few sets as the finale.

With the successful formation of the medium-sized world, the Tree of Wishes' power was gradually perfected. When Zhuge Ya reached the God Realm, the Tree of Wishes could create even more powerful armors and flying swords.

"There are many hidden dragons and crouching tigers here. Could they be from the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals?" Gu Chensha pretended to be an itinerant cultivator of the Celestial Path and came to the square.

He used his Heavenly Dao Art's magic power and found that there were a few extremely strong cultivators gathered here. There was even a hidden world power in one's body. He was actually a God Realm expert!

However, this God Realm expert hid very well. The strength he showed was actually the same as Gu Chensha's, a Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body.