Chapter 978
===========

Mighty Miracle God, Gu Zhanjian, Gu Changjian, Yuan Gu, Putuo, Dou Sheng, Immortal Master Wan, and the others came to an agreement and formed an alliance once again. Actually, all of these powerhouses had ulterior motives, but for the time being, they could only join forces to protect themselves from the calamity.

Gu Chensha, who was strolling in the human world, didn't care about the affairs of these insignificant people.

He didn't do anything in the past five years, just like the Emperor Of Heaven, letting the changes in the human world happen. The changes in the human world could be said to have been caused by the Fourth Gu Huasha.

Zhang Ziran's rebellion and went to the Heavenly Court to worship the Nihility Ancestor, the Taoist Ancestor, the Eternal Ancestor, and the Human Ancestor caused the human world to be divided again.

The human world was already in a mess. There were countries everywhere, gods, demons, and all kinds of mutants and monsters were in chaos. The Heavenly Court also showed no signs of interfering. Although the power of the Underworld was secretly managing some reincarnation, it was 99% weaker than before. Many people had comprehended the path of immortality and were no longer in reincarnation.

There was even a period of time when the Underworld sent many Yin Gods to capture those who didn't enter the reincarnation cycle, but many of them were killed. The battle between the Underworld and the cultivators began.

The Human World was in unprecedented chaos. Amidst this chaos, Gu Chensha sensed an instinctive desire for peace in the depths of the hearts of all living beings in the world. If this chaos continued, the desire for peace in the hearts of all living beings would grow stronger and stronger.

If a person appeared at that time and pacified this chaotic world, they would become the savior of the world. In many people's hearts, they would have the virtue of saving the world, and they would have the desire to save the world. That person's strength would rise to the limit.

There were too many living beings in the human world. It was not like the small number of people in the Divine Central Continent back then. The Divine Central Continent was so large that billions of living beings worshiped together, and the power was enough to shake the world. If all living beings in the Heavenly Realm worshiped one person, that person's strength would probably immediately reach the Divine Prime level. Now, the Human Realm was tens of thousands of times larger than the Heaven Realm.

If someone were to receive the merit of saving the world, the sacrifices of all living beings, the power in their hearts would converge into one. That person would definitely reach a terrifying level.

"The Son of Destiny actually landed here?"

Gu Chensha saw a beam of light descending from the Heaven Court and disappeared as soon as it reached the Human Realm. However, he could keenly see that the place where the light landed was in a country called 'Qi'.

Qi's country wasn't bad. Its land area was about the same as that of the Central Divine Prefecture and the Wildlands combined.

The China Clan was thriving and flourishing. It was like a raging fire, and the people's hearts were united. It could be seen that the ruler of this country had great ambitions and was working hard to rule the country. Gu Chensha directly entered the capital city of the Qi Country.

The capital city of the Qi Country was built majestically, with airships and airships everywhere. There were even teleportation gates. The combination of technology and immortal dao civilization could be said to be perfect.

Vaguely, there were also many experts overseeing them. There were Deities, Sages, and even Heavenly Venerables. There were even stronger experts. The beam of light descending from the Heaven Court entered the depths of the palace. Following that, a baby was born.

Gu Chensha concealed himself and directly entered the palace. He found that the depths of the palace were filled with restrictive magics that even ghosts and gods would find it difficult to enter. However, to him, it wasn't even comparable to a child's game.

"It's born, it's born …" Many people walked about. And then, the Emperor of the Qi Country appeared.

The Emperor of the Qi Country was a middle-aged man. He was incredibly dignified, and his entire body shone with golden light. Behind his head were layers of light that seemed to contain the life and death of the Five Elements. The Qi Country's destiny was absorbed by the light, and it was cultivated into a divine art. This divine art was extremely profound, and it seemed to contain the aura of a country and the world.

"This is a genius. This cultivator actually managed to transform the power of destiny in the Human Realm into a marvelous art. The concept is quite marvelous. The stronger the destiny of the nation, the more powerful this person's cultivation base will be.

However, this transformation is still a bit lacking. "Gu Chensha looked at the Emperor of the Qi Country with a hint of praise in his eyes.

This Emperor hadn't been born into a good family, nor was he the reincarnation of some powerful person. He was just an ordinary person with extraordinary intelligence. Over the past five years, he had encountered some fortuitous encounters that had allowed him to rise to his current level and establish his own nation.

"My son was born with such a phenomenon?" The Emperor of the Qi Country said, "Could it be that I, Yang Qiheng, am really that lucky?

As soon as my son was born, I can sense that the destiny of my nation has increased by several times, and it's still increasing? "

Within the palace where the baby had been born, auspicious clouds swirled around it, and a fragrant aroma wafted into the air. There were also numerous magical symbols that formed heavenly flowers that flickered incessantly. This phenomenon lasted for a very long time. Many people in the palace stared in shock.

But that didn't count for much. The Emperor of the Qi Country, Yang Qiheng, could sense that the destiny of his nation had increased by several times, or even dozens of times. That was something that shocked him to no end. In the mortal world, it wasn't unusual for destiny babies to be born with strange phenomena.

After all, there were as many nations as the eternal sands of the universe, and when the monarchs of those nations were born, they were said to have caused strange phenomena.

But when a nation's destiny increased, it wasn't a simple matter. The destiny of a nation was constant, and was something that came from the hearts of the people. It was formless and intangible, and yet, it could increase the cultivation base of a cultivator.

If a nation suffered one calamity after another, and the imperial court didn't do a good job in providing disaster relief, the people would be filled with resentment, and the destiny of the nation would decline. If a nation expanded its territory, and reformed itself, the destiny of the nation would increase dramatically. Of course, if a nation wanted to double its destiny, it would have to conquer a territory of the same size.

But now, with the birth of a baby, the destiny of a nation was increased by dozens of times. That was simply unimaginable.

The Emperor of the Qi Country, Yang Qiheng, found it hard to believe. As for Gu Chensha, it was completely normal.

The descent of the Son of Destiny meant that the support of the Heaven Court would come. Many people would also join them. How could such an increase in destiny be something that expanding land could compare to?

As expected, when the Emperor of the Qi Country, Yang Qiheng hugged the baby and observed, someone came to report, "Your Majesty, a priest has appeared outside. He said that there was a phenomenon and he hopes to meet you." "Scoff!"

The Emperor of the Qi Country, Yang Qiheng, laughed coldly, "There will always be some people trying to play tricks. What is his cultivation like?"

"Your Majesty, this person's cultivation is deep and immeasurable. I have tested him and he probably has the ability to destroy countries and cities." The person who reported was an expert. He was actually a God Realm expert who was above Transformation 30.

"Even you say that he is deep and immeasurable?"

The Emperor of the Qi Country, Yang Qiheng, was shocked, "It seems like this person is really skilled. Let him in, I want to see." In just a moment, a young priest walked in.

"Congratulations, Your Majesty, an expert has appeared in your palace. This person is really strong and might unify the human world in the future. I am here to congratulate you. At the same time, I am willing to help Your Majesty to start a great cause." The young priest bowed and said, "I am Yue Xunlong." "An Empyrean Realm expert …" The Emperor of the Qi Country, Yang Qiheng's expression changed. This was because he could see that this young priest was actually at Empyrean Realm. If they had such a strong helper, the country would naturally prosper. But if they couldn't restrict such an expert, that would be a huge problem.

The Emperor of the Qi Country, Yang Qiheng thought about it for a long while and a smile appeared on his face, "It is good that Priest Yue is willing to join the Dynasty. But let's not talk about unifying the human world as that will cause huge problems. Not to mention how vast the human world is, our Qi Country is just a drop in the ocean."

"Hahaha …" The young priest Yue Xunlong said, "The human world is getting more and more chaotic. Many places are filled with demons and demons. The people have no way to live and they want peace.

At this time, we need a savior. In a hundred years, there will definitely be a savior who will come to save the world.

If anyone can become the savior, it will be a great merit. At the same time, the person who follows the savior will also obtain great merit and enjoy immortality. "

"Priest Yue, you must have a strong person behind you to be able to find this place so quickly." The Emperor of the Qi Country, Yang Qiheng said.

"I am from the Taoist Palace," Yue Xunlong said.

"Taoist Palace?" The Emperor of the Qi Country, Yang Qiheng frowned.

"Our Taoist Palace is huge, it is not inferior to the Heavenly Court …" At this time, Yue Xunlong used a telepathic technique. Gu Chensha looked at this young priest and knew that he was from the Hongling Sand.

The Hongling Sand was known as the Taoist Ancestor. He was banished by the Heavenly Court and came to the human world. Now, he was cultivating his own forces. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha left the place. The Son of Destiny was confirmed. He was in the Qi Country. The changes in the future would revolve around the Qi Country and Zhang Ziran's empire. The other countries were just supporting characters. In a secret place in the human world, Gu Chensha changed his body and entered it.

In an instant, he saw a palace. The palace was majestic and was surrounded by countless rays of light. In the depths of the palace, a woman was sitting and cultivating. This woman was the Hongling Sand.

"Ancestor Yong, please forgive me for not going out to welcome you." The Hongling Sand suddenly opened his eyes.

"Ancestor Yong?"

Gu Chensha appeared in front of the Hongling Sand, "From this sentence, I can see that your Dragonless Heart Technique is still very lacking. No wonder you were banished by the Emperor Heaven and the Freedom Flower that you made was taken away. Many years of hard work was wasted."

"That Zhang Ziran rebelled against the Heavenly Court and made you the Ancestor Yong. This is also Gu Huasha's idea. I can see that you two brothers have an agreement. Otherwise, he would not do something that seems to be for your own good on the surface, but in fact, it is to weaken your fate."

The Hongling Sand did not seem to be afraid of Gu Chensha, "In my opinion, your fate has weakened a lot. The title of Ancestor Yong has also caused your Dragonless Heart Technique to stagnate."