Chapter 522
===========

"Wu Dangkong, do you think you're the only one who had a fortuitous encounter?"

Gu Chensofa came out and let out a long howl, "Little do you know, the times have changed. In today's world, geniuses are emerging in large numbers, a hundred flowers are blooming, a hundred schools of thought contend for supremacy. Even if you obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, you might not be invincible in the world and lead the heroes. Moreover, there were many ancient Heavenly Sons who obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, but none of them were invincible." "Even now, I have to admit that you, Wu Dang Xing, are qualified to speak to me on equal terms. I'm not trying to be mysterious. "Wu Dangkong's shock had reached its peak.

In that instant, a vicious plan formed in her mind. "Consider my suggestion carefully. We'll expiate the Divine Continent Thousand Murderous Armor together. We can each control half of the armor's power. What do you think?" "How do we expiate it?

I want to hear the specific plan. "Gu Chensha naturally wanted to obtain Wu Dangkong's Thousand Murderous Armor.

After a series of probing with this woman, Gu Chensha already knew that Wu Dangkong's Thousand Murderous Armor was in a dormant state, and this woman didn't dare to activate it for fear of losing control. This way, Gu Chensha would have a good chance.

If he could get his hands on the armor, he would immediately escape and send it into the Life's Wish Sphere for the Tree of Desire to absorb.

"It's good that the armor is in a dormant state!"

Gu Chensha's heart thumped. "If it's an awakened armor, I'm afraid it won't be easy for me to obtain it."

Based on his battle experience with the Peerless Heavenly Book, the Divine Continent Thousand Murderous Armor was no weaker than the Peerless Heavenly Book. In fact, it might even be slightly stronger.

Of course, the Peerless Heavenly Book had been heavily injured, and it wasn't meant for battle. Instead, it was meant for calculation, storage, brewing, and nurturing. The Divine Continent Thousand Murderous Armor was created for battle.

Furthermore, if it was an awakened armor, even if Gu Chensha used the power of the sphere to suppress it, it would still attract the attention of the Xing Qiong Clan. At that time, he would only end up worse off. Without an awakened armor, things would be much easier.

"This is the current state of the Divine Land Thousand Murderous Armor."

As Wu Dangkong waved his hand, a beam of light appeared. Within the light, a space appeared. Gu Chensha saw the familiar Sun-Moon Altar. On top of the altar, a suit of armor wrapped in light appeared. The majesty of the altar became even more intense.

"I used the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art's Sun Moon Seal, and borrowed the power of the Sun Moon Altar to suppress this armor. After that, I used the Sun Moon Refinement technique to slowly refine this armor for my own use. The effects are miniscule, but with the suppression of the Sun Moon Altar, even a fiendish god would have to kneel before me." Wu Dangkong had no idea what kind of deal he had made with the Xing Qiong Clan to actually obtain this armor. As Gu Chensha watched, his expression became more and more serious.

"What the hell is going on?" Wu Dangkong noticed that something was wrong with Wudang Xing's expression.

"You fell for Xing Qiong Clan's trap," Gu Chensha said. "What kind of person is Xing Qiong Clan?

He gave you this armor, but didn't teach you the Divine Land's grand magic. His goal was simple. He wanted you to use the Sun-Moon Altar to refine the armor. On the surface, it looked like you were slowly refining it, but in reality, you were absorbing the altar's power to temper your vital body. He wanted Xing Qiong Clan to obtain the true secrets of the Heaven-Sacrifice Decree. Think about it. Xing Qiong Clan killed the Ancient Emperor, and has been besieged for years. He's suffered countless losses because of the decree, and has a much deeper understanding of it than you do. Why would he let you refine the armor for nothing?

It's very likely that he planted a pawn in the armor, waiting for the right moment to seize the decree.

Now that heaven and earth have changed, the decree must have changed as well. Think about it, the Dharma Saint and the sect leader of the Black Heaven and Earth Sect are plotting something. Xing Qiong Clan might be plotting something as well. " As Gu Chensha spoke, he did his best to exaggerate and exaggerate. Hearing this, Wu Dangkong's face paled.

Most importantly, Gu Chensha's deduction was very reasonable. When it came to scheming, Wu Dangkong couldn't compare to Xing Qiong Clan, the king of oddities.

"Xing Qiong Clan is very ambitious."

Gu Chensha continued, "I'm afraid he wants to take advantage of the heaven and earth's changes to obtain the decree and refine it into his body. That way, he will truly become the strongest person in the world. From then on, he will be invincible and kill three Heavenly Sovereigns. Don't look at me like that. The information I know was told to me by the existence behind me." "Then what do you mean? That I'm in great danger right now? "

Wu Dangkong's tone softened. She was no longer arrogant. Of course, she also wanted to learn more secrets from Wudang Xing.

"You're a piece of juicy meat right now. Many powerhouses are ready to tear you off at any time."

Gu Chensha's tongue was even sharper than Zhuge Ya's. "In any case, that's all I have to say. Since we're all from the Wu Clan, I wanted to get my hands on your armor.

But now, it seems like it's very dangerous. Xing Qiong Clan won't let his plan fail. If I join hands with you, I'll lose my life as well. " He was using the Art of Capturing the Masses.

"I don't think you'll speak without thinking. You must have some tricks up your sleeve." Wu Dangkong spoke, "Speak, what are you going to do?" "Then listen to me," Gu Chensha said, "If we want to deal with the armor, we must borrow a knife." "Borrow what knife?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"Of course it's the Martial Emperor and the Wu Clan's knife!"

Gu Chensha said, "In short, it's impossible for you to refine the Thousand Fiends Armor. The Wu Clan has nine Highgod experts and the power of the Martial Saint's Paradise. You can offer the armor to the Wu Clan's old antiques in exchange for other treasures. This way, the Wu Clan's nine Highgod experts will gather their strength to refine the armor. But if they do that, they'll be going against the Xing Qiong Clan.

I'll also look for the Martial Emperor and use the opportunity to have him invade the Martial Saint's Paradise. If we do it well, the three sides will suffer great losses. We'll be able to reap the benefits and take control of the Martial Saint's Paradise. How about it?

Think about it, you don't actually have the Wu Clan's support. But if you take control of the Martial Saint's Paradise, what will happen to your forces?

Also, if our plan succeeds, the nine Highgod experts will be integrated into the Martial Saint's Paradise, the Martial Emperor will be integrated into it, and even the Xing Qiong Clan's will will be integrated into it. At that time, the Martial Saint's Paradise will be able to resist all dharma realms, and you'll be the ruler of the paradise. Then, you can use the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman to suppress the entire paradise. Wouldn't that be perfect? "

Hearing Gu Chensha's words, Wu Dangkong fell silent. She was thinking about the feasibility of this plan.

Gu Chensha continued, "The key to this plan is the control of the Martial Saint's Paradise. Right now, the Martial Saint's Paradise is in the hands of the nine Highgod experts. If you take the Divine Continent Fiends Armor and the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman and exchange it with the nine old antiques, they'll definitely give up a portion of the control and let you become the tenth controller. That's because the nine old antiques need the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. In the future, they'll worship it to increase their lifespan and even obtain Godhood!

As long as you obtain the tenth controller, everything will be easy. If the nine old antiques die, won't you monopolize all the power? "

"Wu Dangkong, your plan is quite feasible." Wu Dangkong thought for a long time, and her eyes flickered. "What are you plotting?" "Of course, I want half of the control of the Martial Saint's Paradise, and I'll split it with you."

Gu Chensha smiled. "My plan has always been like this. I'm a member of the Wu Clan, and I must obtain the Martial Saint's Paradise." "What did the Wu Clan's nine old antiques do to you? You actually used such a sinister scheme? "Wu Dangkong asked.

"It's very simple. I feel that the nine old antiques don't have a plan, and they don't have a grand plan. They even control the Martial Saint's Paradise's resources and won't be enough to deal with the upcoming calamity."

Gu Chensha spoke with a strong sense of righteousness. "You don't know how terrifying the upcoming calamity is. If the nine old antiques continue to be mediocre, I'm afraid our Wu Clan's disciples will become slaves. It won't be a day or two since the Legalists wanted to destroy our Wu Clan."

"The nine old antiques are indeed mediocre and mediocre. They can't bring about earth-shattering changes to the Wu Clan. If this calamity continues, the Wu Clan will be in danger. You see, the Legalists' Dharma Saint has appeared and is scheming everywhere. Meanwhile, the Legalists have already colluded with the Demon Race and signed the Spirit Demon Plan.

"What is the Wu Clan doing?

They clearly know that I'm fated, but they don't support me. Instead, they wait and see. There are even people from the Wu Clan who want to capture me and force me to hand over the Heaven Sacrifice Decree. "Gu Chensha's words were exactly what Wu Dangkong wanted. Wu Dangkong was originally dissatisfied with the Wu Clan's old antiques.

Back then, King Wu Yu had sent her into the palace. She would never forget such a great humiliation. Although she had obtained many benefits after entering the palace, she still hated the Wu Clan more and more. It was precisely because of this that the Wu Clan didn't support her.

Gu Chensha had already seen through this contradiction. Therefore, he started to magnify this contradiction in his words.

Furthermore, he was speaking the truth. The Wu Clan's old ancestor divine experts were indeed not thinking about improving. Up until now, they hadn't activated any grand plans to deal with the upcoming calamity. Meanwhile, the Legalists' plans were much more far-reaching. Using this as an excuse, Gu Chensha knew that Wu Dangkong would definitely be moved. As expected, Wu Dangkong was moved.

"What role will you play in this plan?"

Wu Dangkong said, "Also, I'm afraid it will be more dangerous to lure in a Martial Emperor. After all, there will be an additional variable.

"My role is extremely important. It's to communicate in all directions. Furthermore, at the most crucial moment, I can use my trump cards to control the situation. I have an extremely powerful talisman with me."

As he spoke, Gu Chensha released a bit of his aura. It was the talisman that Wen Hong, Tai Xuandu, and Chang Weiyang had refined. It had been refined by Gu Chensha using the Heavenly Law Technique day and night, becoming extremely wondrous. This talisman was one of Gu Chensha's trump cards.

"As expected, you have extremely powerful means."

Wu Dangkong sensed the majestic power that tore through the air, making her feel suffocated. She immediately stopped hesitating and said, "You have to explain clearly the factor of a Martial Emperor. This plan cannot tolerate any negligence."