Chapter 1004
============

Gu Chensha had finally managed to form a strand of Undying power. This was the true power of Undying.

As soon as the Boundless Deathless appeared, everyone from the Ancestral Pagoda, including Baiyue and everyone else, began to back up. Fear and dread welled up in their hearts. Even if they had cultivated to their level, they still couldn't control their feelings of fear.

The power of Undying could destroy creation, destroy karma, destroy destiny, burn all things, and harmonize with heaven and earth. It had no qualms about anything, and it didn't care about anything from the past to the present.

Looking at this Peerless power, everyone could not help but feel anxious. They could not help but want to destroy this power. This was a terrifying power that did not belong to this world, the past or the future.

"Why do I feel this way?"

Wen Hong said. "Chensha, after you formed this power, we're all afraid of you, and see you as an enemy. What's going on?" "That's not strange.

Gu Chensha replied, "That's because the power of the Undying Realm is too terrifying. Once it appears, it will change the structure of the entire world. Moreover, it can casually spread out and destroy all existences. There is no power that can block it."

As he spoke, Gu Chensha retracted the wisp of undying power. "Once that terrifying thing is born, its undying power will be billions of times greater than mine. In an instant, the entire structure of the human world will change. So, you must be mentally prepared. This terrifying thing is definitely not as simple as it seems. Just a wisp of undying power is enough to make you so panicky." "Then how do we prepare?"

Supreme Ancestor Lou Baiyue said. "Undying power is too terrifying. No matter how much Undying power there is, it won't be able to withstand a single blow from it. That's the difference between the two. " "That's right. That's what Undying power is like."

Gu Chensha said, "Any kind of undying power that comes into contact with the Invincible Deathless is useless. Instead, it will be absorbed, making the Invincible Deathless power even stronger. It's like pouring oil on a fire. Not only does the oil not extinguish the fire, it actually makes it burn even hotter.

Actually, all matter in the world would be the same when it encountered the Undying Realm. Originally, the Heavenly Daos revolved around each other. No matter how powerful a power was, there would always be something that countered it. However, the Undying Realm was something that surpassed the Heavenly Daos. Therefore, the concept of the Undying Realm was not suitable for the Undying Realm.

But you don't have to worry, as long as you operate the highest realm of the Dragonless Mantra, you will be able to maintain your original Spiritual Sense, and won't be harmed by the Peerless Immortal's power.

I've already constructed the tenth level of Immortality, the structure of Non-Being and Non-Being Immortality. This is also the comprehension of the Dragonless Mantra, and I'll impart it to you now. " As he spoke, Gu Chensha transmitted his thoughts into the depths of everyone's souls. Instantly, these people no longer had any fear towards the undying power.

The tenth level of the Immortal Realm wasn't the Supreme Immortal Realm, but it was far above the Supreme Immortal Realm.

Even if it was just a thought structure, as long as it was fused with the sea of consciousness, the soul wouldn't be corroded by the undying power.

"When the Three Thousand Ancestors have gathered, they will kill and devour each other. In the end, when a new ancestor is born, everything will stabilize. At that time, my plan will more or less be completed. This will be a great trap to attract the terrifying Peerless Immortal.

Once the Three Thousand Ancestors are completely born, I will unify the Human Realm. Regardless of whether the Emperor Of Heaven and The Fourth are willing or not, I will construct another grand formation, emit the most delicious smell, and attract that terrifying thing into it. "Gu Chensha said.

"Then let's go prepare now." These people dispersed.

Gu Chensha was still observing the River of Fate in front of him, as if he was looking for the variables in the River of Fate.

This River of Fate was getting bigger and bigger. Countless fates were intertwined, brewing together, as if fermenting to brew something terrifying.

"I've created a new River of Destiny. Countless living beings, tangible and intangible, are fighting each other in the River of Destiny. This is equivalent to creating some of the most powerful life forms. If I'm not mistaken, the Children of Destiny will appear in the process of brewing," Gu Chensha said with interest. The River of Fate was also an experiment he had done.

He was like a scientist in a technological civilization, constantly experimenting. During the experiments, there might be unexpected accidents that he couldn't control. Maybe he would create some powerful beings, but this was necessary for the experiment. This was a process of exploring the unknown.

If it wasn't for his constant exploration, he wouldn't have been able to comprehend the Peerless Dao.

"The outcome of the battle between the six empires has finally been decided."

In Gu Chensha's observation, Great Qin, Great Han, Great Tang, Great Song, Great Yuan, Great Ming, these six dynasties were second only to the Great Dynasty. After a thousand years of evolution, a thousand years of fighting, a victor had finally been determined. The six countries had begun to unify.

The person who had unified them wasn't one of the six countries but a minor figure who had suddenly risen up. What was worth mentioning was that the Son of Heaven appointed by the Emperor Heaven, the Prince of the Qi Country, had been killed. The person who had killed the Qi Country was also a minor figure.

This was what happened. A thousand years ago, a prince of the Qi Kingdom went on an excursion. His carriage startled a group of commoners, and it just so happened that he was among the shocked commoners. The prince took a few extra glances at one of the beauties in the carriage. This time, the prince's subordinates understood tacitly and immediately snatched the beauty over to the prince.

Coincidentally, the woman's fiancé had been a boy, and he had gone to the Yamen to complain. However, he had been beaten half to death, and it had been impossible for him to see the Prince.

After being beaten half to death, the boy had started to plan his revenge. First, he had obtained many fortuitous encounters, and gradually grew up. After a series of events, the Prince had become an illustrious Great Emperor, and had started to expand his territory, sweeping across the world. However, after the boy had grown up, he had started to fight with the Great Emperor. After a hundred years of fighting, the boy had actually killed the Great Emperor and destroyed his country.

Although there were billions of countries in the Mortal World, and there were countries being established and destroyed every day, the Qi Country was different. The Qi Country had been personally chosen by the Emperor Heaven as the Son of Heaven's Mandate. This country represented the existence of the Mortal World in the future. However, just as the Qi Country had started to prosper, it had been destroyed by a boy.

After the boy had destroyed the Qi Country, he hadn't established his own country and become the Great Emperor. Instead, he had taken a group of beauties and disappeared without a trace, enjoying his life with women.

However, in Gu Chensha's river of fate, this brat's fate was extremely great, already becoming a True Dragon. He called himself 'Reverse Ancestor'.

After he killed the Son of Heaven's Great Emperor, he knew the truth. He knew that this Great Emperor was chosen by the Emperor Heaven. What he did was to defy the heavens and change fate, so he called himself "Reverse Ancestor."

The minor figure who destroyed the Six Great Dynasties — Great Qin, Great Han, Great Tang, Great Song, Great Yuan, and Great Ming — was originally a low-level slave. Apart from the fortuitous encounters he had, not only did he have many tricks up his sleeves, but he also had great willpower, wisdom, and courage. As he gradually rose through the ranks, he took advantage of the conflict between the Six Great Dynasties and slowly killed the Emperors of Great Qin, Great Han, and Great Tang. He obtained the Karma System, the Fate System, and the Good and Evil System. In the end, he destroyed the other three Dynasties and unified the world. Now, he built a dynasty called 'Great Fate Dynasty', and he called himself 'Destiny Ancestor'.

Originally, the systems and National Treasures of the Six Great Dynasties were in the bag of Devouring Ancestor Fa Wuxian. He prepared to devour them many times, but because of the existence of 'Destiny Ancestor', he always went against him. Even with Fa Wuxian's ferocious power of 'Devouring Ancestor', he couldn't do anything to 'Destiny Ancestor'.

These two minor figures, 'Reverse Ancestor' and 'Destiny Ancestor', were born. Even Gu Chensha didn't expect that.

Gu Chensha was like a farmer who opened up a field, planted rice, and then went to do his own thing. But after a long time, he found that the field actually grew peaches, plums, and other strange things. 'This Reverse Ancestor and Destiny Ancestor's cultivation can fight against Fa Wuxian. Interesting.

Although it's not as good as Human Ancestor, Nihility Ancestor, and Emperor Of Heaven, but it's not that far off. ' Gu Chensha nodded.

He had already absorbed all the experiences and insights of this Reverse Ancestor. It was as if he had experienced it himself. He also absorbed the experiences of Destiny Ancestor.

The experiences of these two Great Ancestors were very rich. After absorbing their experiences, Gu Chensha felt like he had created some clones and let them roam freely in the Human World. But these clones were out of his control and became independent individuals. The experiences of all living beings in the Human World were Gu Chensha's resources.

Now, many Ancestors had appeared. The first group was Emperor Of Heaven, The Fourth Gu Huasha, and Human Ancestor Zhang Ziran.

Emperor Of Heaven and The Fourth alone couldn't do anything to Zhang Ziran. The three of them were on equal footing. But if Emperor Of Heaven and The Fourth worked together, Zhang Ziran wouldn't be their match.

The second group was Zhang Yi Ren, Hong Ling Sha, Fa Wuxian, Reverse Ancestor, Destiny Ancestor, Supreme Ancestor Lou Baiyue, New Ancestor Wen Hong, and Ancestor Zhuge Ya. As for the third group, it was Spell Ancestor and some other Ancestors.

It could be said that after becoming an Ancestor, the Heavenly Realm inside their body would be between Level 7 True Immortal and Level 8 Undecaying. Only then could they become the real big shots and nobles in the Human World or even the universe. They were qualified to come into contact with many truths.