Chapter 253
===========

Pili pala!

With the help of Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha's dragon gate swallowed all of Que Ying 'er's multi-colored energy. With a slight circulation, the energy merged into the dragon gate to nourish it.

Que Ying 'er was locked down by Lou Baiyue's Hao Qian Mirror and her energy circulation actually stopped.

"Let's work together to strike."

How would Gu Chensha let go of such a rare chance? He immediately used his energy to communicate with Lou Baiyue. The two of them had worked together many times and were familiar with it.

Moreover, both of them had advanced, so their combined strength was several times stronger than before.

Gu Chensha was at Dao Realm Eleven Transformation Soul Tentacle. This transformation was the start of being able to use the Power of God. Ten Transformations One Thousand Ways was just thinking and calculating.

Eleven Transformations was when the soul came into contact with reality and touched everything in reality.

Twelve Transformations Soul Snatching meant that one started to interfere with the souls of living beings in reality.

Thirteen Transformations Ghost Swallowing meant that one accumulated soul power and forcefully snatched it.

Fourteen Transformations Yuan Spirit Leaving Body meant that one could use the soul to interfere with matter. Kill!

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue, one was at Dao Realm Eleven Transformation Soul Tentacle while the other was at Dao Realm Fifteen Transformation Heaven Eye Hanging Space. When the two of them worked together, their talents were on par with Fa Wuxian's.

Along with the fact that both of them had really amazing treasures, in terms of combat strength, even Fa Wuxian might not be able to do anything to them.

The two of them held hands and their Xiantian energy connected with one another. They felt like there was nothing in the world that the two of them couldn't win. Heaven and earth were extremely close. Their souls, flesh, blood, and essence energy merged and they were one with one. Between their wills, numerous tribulations could be shattered and there were no more obstacles.

"Endless World."

At that moment, a multi-faceted object appeared behind Lou Baiyue's back. At that moment, it locked down Que Ying 'er, who was being grabbed by the Hao Qian Mirror. The multi-faceted object then covered Que Ying' er, "Since you aren't afraid of the Imperial Dynasty and the Emperor, then I will show you that even if the Emperor is in secluded meditation, his cultivation technique can still shock anyone! I'll use the Boundless Realm to refine you, giving you a taste of your own medicine. " The Endless Realm was the method Lou Baiyue used to refine the Skydemon Book. Rumble!

As Lou Baiyue's Endless World condensed, nine tiny people flew out of the Skydemon Book. These nine tiny people had human heads and dragon bodies. They had primordial primordial auras.

These were the Nine-headed Sacred Dragon Celestial Soldiers, the puppets the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor bestowed to the Celestial Calmness Department. They were treasures from the desolate era and possessed supreme uses.

Lou Baiyue had been studying it bitterly over the past few days. She had entered the Skydemon Book to absorb demonic souls and strengthen her Essence Soul. Her cultivation level had increased significantly and she had finally figured out the magical effects of the Holy Dragon Armament.

As long as the Nine-headed Celestial Soldier of the Saintly Dragon had enough power, it could kill those beyond the Eighteen Transformations of the Dao Realm and above. Even those at the Twenty Transformations of the Dao Realm could be killed in one blow. This was the ultimate treasure of the Calming Immortal Department.

If not for the Nine-headed Celestial Soldier of the Saintly Dragon, Lou Baiyue wouldn't have opened the Skydemon Book so rashly.

At this moment, she used the powerful cultivation she gained from the fusion with Gu Chensha to activate the Celestial Soldier of the Saintly Dragon. Together with the Endless World, she wanted to completely kill and refine Que Ying 'er. She was also filled with killing intent, even if Que Ying 'er was Demon Sage Li Wanlong's concubine.

"Break for me!"

Que Ying 'er didn't expect the tables to turn in an instant. She originally had the upper hand, but now that Lou Baiyue had woken up from the Skydemon Book, she wanted to kill her instead. However, she was also an extremely powerful person and knew that she couldn't do anything.

"Size Manipulation, 10,000 Dragons Transformation."

In the blink of an eye, her body began to shrink in on itself. Her bones, her head, everything began to shrink. In the blink of an eye, she went from a tall woman to the size of a broad bean. That's right, her physical body became the size of an egg.

Even a Golden Core Dao expert could only compress their Xiantian Gang Energy. It was impossible for their physical body to shrink to the size of an egg. This defied logic. However, Que Ying 'er managed to do this.

This was beyond the 18 Transformations of the Dao Realm, the Golden Core of the Great Dao. The 19th Transformation of the Dao Realm, Size Manipulation.

This realm was the transformation of the physical body. It was said that after cultivating this transformation, one's physical body could be as big as a thousand feet and as small as a speck of dust.

Once this transformation was completed, the limits of the human body would increase by many times. One's strength would be much stronger than the Golden Core of the Great Dao. Bang! Que Ying 'er's body shrunk again, from the size of an egg to the size of a broad bean. The power in her body was condensed to the limit. With just a tremble, she broke through the restraints and disappeared without a trace.

Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha were forced to take a few steps back. Their Xiantian Gang Energy returned to their bodies.

"This woman's cultivation is very strong, but she is still below the Black Tortoise."

A sharp killing intent appeared in Lou Baiyue's eyes, "If she is afraid that the Black Tortoise will wake up, it will be impossible for us to kill him. Once she breaks through the Great Dao realm and reaches the 19th Transformation, her life force will rise to a whole new level."

"It is said that at the 19th Transformation of the Dao Realm, Size Manipulation, she can turn herself into a speck of dust at the smallest. It is obvious that this woman's cultivation is not perfect."

Gu Chensha said, "However, I feel that the initial transformation is nothing much. The further one goes, the bigger the gap becomes."

"There are very few people who can cultivate the Golden Core of the Great Dao, and even fewer who can reach Size Manipulation."

Lou Baiyue sighed, "This transformation is purely about breaking through the limits of the physical body, from a human to a god. When that happens, a human will no longer be a human."

Gu Chensha also thought about it. Even if his body could shrink, he could only shrink it to the size of a child. After that, he would only be twice the size of a normal person. To shrink it to the size of a fist, a bean, or even a thousand feet was basically unimaginable.

"Speaking of which, even if one cultivates the 18th transformation of the Golden Core of the Great Dao, one will still be a mortal. Only the 19th transformation is the Celestial Body. "

Gu Chensha said, "I once read ancient books that the nineteen transformations of Dao Realm, Size Manipulation, are even harder to cultivate than Golden Core. Many Golden Core experts' bodies ruptured when they cultivated this transformation, and they died. But if they really cultivated it, their lifespan would increase."

"The 19th transformation is Size Manipulation, the 20th transformation is Gather and Disperse, the 21st transformation is Five Elements. This is beyond the physical body. At that time, one won't be a human anymore." Lou Baiyue said.

The 19th transformation was to make one's body small or big. The 20th transformation was Gather and Disperse, which meant that one's body had turned into energy, turning into a ball of energy. When one gathered, one would be a human, and when one scattered, one would be a gas.

The 21st transformation was the Five Elements, which meant that one's body could turn into Li Fire, Gui Water, Yi Wood, Geng Metal, and Wu Earth.

Gu Chensha's Xiantian Astral Energy could turn into flames, but that was supplementary. Xiantian Astral Energy was still an energy that could be controlled. Moreover, he still had a physical body.

At the 21st transformation, one's body would turn into true flames, water, wood, earth, and metal. At that time, the Xiantian Astral Energy would merge with one's body and become a ball of energy. With Gu Chensha's current realm, he couldn't understand such a realm.

"Right, how did you break free from the Book of Heaven Demon and return from the Primordial World?"

Gu Chensha thought about something and was shocked, "Without the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, I would have been trapped there forever. You actually came out on your own? "

"Of course, I was prepared. The book absorbed my soul and luckily, I comprehended the principles of ten thousand worlds and my cultivation improved. If not, I wouldn't have been able to return. If I am not wrong, you killed the monster soul and sacrificed it, right?" Lou Baiyue asked. She knew about the details of Gu Chensha's Heaven Sacrifice Talisman.

"Then, how did the Fourth and Xuanwu come out?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Since we came out, then it's simple for them."

Lou Baiyue said confidently, "It's a pity that you didn't cultivate the ability to devour demons and ghouls. Otherwise, you could enter the Great Realm of Desolation and devour countless souls to strengthen your Primordial Spirit.

"There is always a chance."

Gu Chensha wasn't anxious, "But, the world in the book is a spiritual illusion. Based on legends, there is a real country and treasury. Who knows where they are?" "We must have broken into the spiritual spacetime of the monster soul seal. That's the outer layer."

Lou Baiyue analyzed, "This is also the power of the Book of Heaven Demon. To crack this book, one must use one's spirit to break through the spiritual spacetime of the monster soul and then come into contact with the core imprint." "How do we rescue Xuanwu and The Fourth now?" Gu Chensha asked, "Do you have any good ideas?"

"Actually, it's very simple. The Fourth and Xuanwu will definitely not be in any danger, especially Xuanwu. I'm afraid he's eating happily now."

Lou Baiyue smiled, "This is a rare opportunity for Xuanwu to eat heartily. There are so many monster souls, let him eat his fill."

"That monster soul also has an extremely powerful existence in the Primordial World. What if it swallows Xuanwu's soul?" Gu Chensha was still worried.

"Xuanwu is the strongest among the monsters. It's not child's play to deal with the pressure of a monster's superior."

Lou Baiyue said, "Even if it encounters a powerhouse among the monster souls, it should have the strength to fight. Of course, this is a tempering for it. If there is no tribulation, how can it become a true divine beast? Of course, we will rescue them now. It's better to be safe than sorry. " "I'll listen to your arrangements." Gu Chensha nodded.

"The Book of Heaven Demon is a Dharma treasure after all, and it's not at its peak."

Lou Baiyue analyzed, "Back then, the Nine-Tailed Celestial Fox, Aunt Hu, obtained this book, but she couldn't completely unlock the mysteries of this book. Later on, the imperial court destroyed Aunt Hu's temple. Aunt Hu was only left with a bit of her primordial spirit, and she escaped into this book. However, this book's vitality was greatly damaged again. Some of the ancient monster sages' imprints were even destroyed by the Emperor's Great Massacre Divine Technique. Therefore, I circulated the Great Massacre Divine Technique, causing the Book of Heaven Demon to instinctively fear this technique.

"Now that our strength has increased again, we can join forces and lure Xuanwu out first. It's a pity. If we could capture Que Ying 'er and sacrifice this demon girl, we could completely control the Book of Heaven Demon and obtain the treasures within." "I wonder what treasures the ancient monster sages left behind in the Book of Heaven Demon?"

Gu Chensha said, "If we can find some treasures with the aura of the ancient Primordial Dragon Gate, I can strengthen the Dragon Gate again."