Chapter 853
===========

One Second Remember 09, to provide you with exciting reading. Chapter 850: Devouring Dragon Gate

Just as Chu Fengfeng and the others were about to rub their palms together and take advantage of the Great Tribulation of Heaven and Earth to fight, Gu Chensha actually suppressed the world-destroying flood of the Divine Prefecture and even restored the people and creatures who died in the Great Tribulation. The land also returned to normal. This gave Chu Feng, the incarnation of the Gate of Jin Heavenly King, quite a fright.

Chu Feng almost couldn't believe it. "Impossible, impossible, how could he completely restore all the damage caused in the Divine Prefecture? This is simply unimaginable. Even if my cultivation was a step higher, even if I gathered all the reincarnated people from the Divine Demon Star, or even gathered all the power of the Nine Heavenly Kings, it would still be impossible to do this. What is this Gu Chensha doing? Where does his power come from?" "Lord Heavenly King, I'm afraid something has changed. What should we do?"

At this moment, the youth that Wenqu Xing had transformed into was also extremely shocked. 'If that's the case, the great calamity has been suppressed by Gu Chensha in an instant. The hearts of the people in the world have once again gathered to the extreme. I can feel that the fate of the country is almost burning up.'

"I can feel it too."

The expressions of the several hundred Xing Chen reincarnators present were extremely unsightly. Some of them even harbored thoughts of converting to the Calming Immortal Department.

Everyone present was a hero, so they could naturally see that after Gu Chensha suppressed the apocalyptic flood, the fate of the nation rose to the sky as the General of People's Lives continued to spread the news. They could even see that it was about to condense into a physical form. Anyone who had a little success in Taoist techniques could see that strange scene.

This was the result of the unity of the people, the unity of the whole country, and the sincere support of a certain person.

"Damn it, the Great Disaster of the Divine Land even helped Gu Chensha this time, making people feel that the world is going to be destroyed immediately in the Great Tribulation, so they are holding on tightly to Gu Chensha and the Tranquil Fairy Department."

Chu Feng knew very well that if it wasn't for the Apocalyptic Flood Wave, the nation's fate and the people's hearts wouldn't be so condensed. [Zero ↑ Nine △ Small ↓ Say △ Net .09 】

This sort of Kingdom Fate was like a flame that could burn everything. As the ruler of a Kingdom, Gu Chensha was supported by this Kingdom Fate. It was simply too terrifying.

"What do we do now? Are you going to use your power or not? "

At this moment, the reincarnated youth of Literati Star said, "I'm afraid it's not going to be easy. I think Gu Chensha actually suppressed the Great Calamity of the Divine Prefecture, but he must have dispersed a lot of his power. Just like the fight between Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Dao. He's already an arrow at the end of its flight. "

"That's right. I'm also thinking about it. Otherwise, I would have gone to suppress Xuan Xin, Jing Qiu, Gu Huo, Gu Tanjian, and Gu Changjian."

Chu Feng calculated carefully for a while and said, "Let's follow the original plan and launch the Plan of Destruction. I will activate the Chaotic Dragon Gate now and trigger the Demon Disaster. I want to see if Gu Chensha can suppress the Divine Prefecture's World Annihilation Flood. If he can suppress the Demon Disaster, can he stop me?" As he spoke, Chu Feng's body moved.

Immediately, he communicated with the Chaotic Dragon Gate. "I will take out a part of my Origin and activate it together with the Chaotic Dragon Gate. Together with the Demon Race, we will launch an attack. In a single strike, we will create an earth-shattering shockwave. Not only will we turn the entire Sin Prefecture into dust, we will also destroy the situation that Gu Chensha has painstakingly built up. I want the land to be filled with Demon Race.

If the people don't get killed by the Demon Race, they just need to kneel and call me Heavenly King of Jin, and the Demon Race will retreat. In this way, the hearts of the people will immediately belong to me. I will control the True God Ancient Demon, the reincarnated Xing Chen, and become the guardian of the people of the Divine Prefecture. Everyone will worship me, and my strength will be far beyond what it is now. "

Hearing Chu Feng's words, the reincarnated Xing Chen looked at each other, especially the reincarnated Literati Star. He felt that Chu Feng's plan was simply invincible.

Think about it, the Demon Race was wreaking havoc on the Divine Prefecture, and everyone was in danger. At that time, not even the Department of Tranquility would be able to save them. As long as they knelt and called him Heavenly King of Jin, the Demon Race would not harm them. Then, how many people would worship and worship the Heavenly King of Jin? After receiving the power of worship, what terrifying realm would the Heavenly King of Jin's cultivation reach?

If this continued, the Primal Chaos, Zenith Heaven, and the other Eight Heavenly Kings combined would not be a match for the Heavenly King of Jin. In this great calamity, the Heavenly King of Jin had already gained the absolute upper hand.

Chu Feng's Origin seeped into the Chaotic Dragon Gate. At this time, a huge change occurred in the depths of the Chaotic Dragon Gate. Countless densely packed worlds appeared like stars in the sky, and dragons were born in each of them. They were the Star Dragon Race!

The Star Dragon Race was a miraculous existence born in the Chaotic Dragon Gate. However, as time passed, the power of the Chaotic Dragon Gate weakened, and it became difficult for the Star Dragon Race to be born. But now, these Star Dragons were like bamboo shoots after the rain. They were born in dense numbers, as though they had gathered into a huge flood.

As soon as these Star Dragons were born, they began to absorb the power of the stars. The stars outside seemed to have dimmed for a moment. The billions of stars in the Heavenly Realm had vast energy and were almost invincible.

However, there were simply too many Star Dragons in the Chaotic Dragon Gate. As they absorbed, the billions of stars seemed to be unable to bear it.

"What's going on? How did the Chaotic Dragon Gate expand so much? "

Chu Feng, who had inserted the Origin into the depths of the Chaotic Dragon Gate, was shocked. "Even if my Origin and the Chaotic Dragon Gate fused, there would not be so many Star Dragons. The Star Dragons are the pinnacle of dragons. They can swallow stars and spit out moons. In the future, I will rely on these Star Dragons to control the Heavenly Court's door and guard the most important entrance." Buzz …

At this time, Chu Feng felt his Heavenly King's Origin flowing out continuously. It seemed like he could not control it at all, and it was all being inserted into the Chaotic Dragon Gate.

"What's going on? What's going on? "

Chu Feng's expression changed greatly. He could not speak at all. With a swoosh, his body entered the depths of the Chaotic Dragon Gate.

In the eyes of the people present, there didn't seem to be anything wrong. They only saw Chu Feng activating the power of the Chaotic Dragon Gate. An earth-shattering aura surged forth. In the blink of an eye, the aura from the depths of the Chaotic Dragon Gate caused many of the reincarnated Xing Chen to tremble in fear. They thought it was the power of the Jin Heavenly King, so they were delighted. Chu Feng disappeared. He was absorbed into the Chaotic Dragon Gate.

The reincarnated Literati Star said, "Everyone, the Gate Jin Heavenly King is about to activate the peerless secret technique and launch the Universe Strike. Our opportunity has come. This time, we have made a great contribution to the Heavenly Court. In the future, your positions will be greatly improved. You should know that we, the reincarnated Xing Chen, are here to face tribulations. Once the tribulations are over, we will return to the original body of the star. The next time we face tribulations, it might not be our own consciousness.

"However, if we can perform a meritorious service, then things will be different. We will be able to break free from our shackles and become Immortal officials. Although we won't be on the same level as the Nine Heavenly Kings, we will still be able to enjoy endless longevity. For hundreds of millions of years to come, we will be able to observe the changes of the world."

"That's right. In the future, the Heavenly Court will be like that. As long as you can enter the Heavenly Court, you can enjoy eternal life. Other than the Heavenly Court, anyone from the lower realms, be it devils, demons, immortals, or even celestials of the Heavenly Longevity Realm, will face tribulations in the future. They will die, and when they die, they will enter the underworld to be reincarnated.

At this time, a voice resounded: "Don't be fooled by the fact that Heavenly Longevity Realm experts are practically unfettered. But that's because the Heavenly Court has yet to come into being. These bandits and tyrants can carve out their own territories. Once the Heavenly Court is established, order will be established. At that time, Heavenly Longevity Realm experts and Heavenly Venerables will all die. They won't live as long as heaven and earth!

The funny thing is that those Heavenly Venerables and Heavenly Longevity Realm experts don't understand. They're actually cheering for the future Heavenly Court. What fools! " "Who's there?!"

When the hundreds of reincarnated Xing Chen heard this voice, their faces fell. That was especially true of the reincarnated Literati Star. Looking into the void where the voice had come from, he saw a figure that he would never be able to see. It was none other than the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya.

"Zhuge Ya!"

The reincarnated youth of Literati Star squeezed out the three words from the gaps between his teeth.

"How dare you people!" Zhuge Ya roared. "You're from the Celestial Calmness Bureau, and yet you have such a deep hatred for us? You want to exterminate the common people of the divine continent and bring a Devilbane to this place? Have your hearts turned black, or have your souls turned black?" "So you knew all along, Zhuge Ya. You just wanted to catch us all in one fell swoop, didn't you?"

The reincarnated Literati Star knew that there was no point in arguing. In any case, they had to shed all pretense of cordiality. "Your Celestial Calmness Bureau and Yongchō's doomsday is upon you. As the Lord of Seven Stars, don't tell me you haven't sensed the changes to the dao of heaven?

The dao of heaven raised you and gave birth to you. Now you're defying it? Am I black-hearted, or are you black-hearted? " "You really are the reincarnated Literati Star."

Zhuge Ya shook his head. "It seems that you are determined to go against the imperial court. In that case, I can't save you!

But if I tell you the truth, you might despair. His Royal Highness Chensha has already used his power to devour the Heavenly King of Jin. It's not called devouring, it's just taking away his Heavenly King's Origin and turning him into an ordinary person, just like Fa Wuxian, Jing Fanxing, Emperor Wu, and the others. His Royal Highness hasn't killed for a long time, and he won't kill anyone. The same goes for you guys, so you don't have to worry about dying. Even now, I'm just taking away all your mystiques and powers, as well as the origin and identity of Xing Chen's reincarnation. That way, you'll lose everything, and you'll realize how precious your lives are. You won't think that you're high and mighty, and you won't see the common people as ants. You'll also lose your lives in the calamity. " Mobile users, please browse M. Read for a better reading experience.