Chapter 696
===========

Male.

This time, the Dharma Saint's plan failed miserably. After he heavily injured the North Star Empire and blocked the attacks of many powerhouses, Gu Chensha took the chance to sweep the North Star Empire away.

After the powerhouses fought with the Dharma Saint for a while, they realized that they had nothing to gain. The situation had changed, so they all stopped and each had their own plans. Just like that, the storm passed. No one got any benefits. Only Gu Chensha got to eat his fill.

"The Department of Calming Immortals actually took advantage of my carelessness to do such a thing."

The Dharma Saint's heart was filled with rage. He wanted to immediately attack and massacre the world and destroy the imperial court. This was his demonic side, but he held it in. "We miscalculated and suffered heavy losses. However, it is still too early to say that they want to destroy our foundation."

"However, this matter didn't succeed and caused us to suffer heavy losses. Many of our future plans won't be able to be realized.

Apart from that, there is another big problem. Many aristocratic families won't join our alliance. They are just following the wind. Originally, we suppressed the North Star Empire and increased our strength. With the momentum of suppressing Celestial Venerables, we should have been able to make those aristocratic families surrender at the mere sight of us. However, I'm afraid it won't be so simple now. " Wu Dangkong knew that one's aura and fate energy would rise and fall at the same time. The rise and fall of providence and the changes in the world happened in an instant.

In history, many people had rapid providence and soared into the sky. However, when it went bad, it caused landslides and tsunamis. In a single night, everything fell apart. Now, the Dharma Saint's providence actually started to decline because of this matter. As for the Department of Calming Immortals, it started to rise again.

Previously, Wan Senshi had captured Yuhuan Lu and was tied to the New God Prefecture's golden watch. This caused the Department of Calming Immortals' prestige to decrease, and their providence started to decline. However, Gu Chensha quickly turned the situation around. He subdued the Heaven Demon Three Monks and helped Qin Han obtain the Rulai Kasaya. At the same time, he reached an agreement with the Buddhist Sect to reform.

The doctrine became a type of civilization that was integrated into the imperial court's system. Like this, the fate energy stabilized and did not decline any further.

After that, Gu Chensha subjugated the God of Longevity, plotted against the Dharma Saint, and took the North Star God. Then he used the model of the Lord of the Sun-Moon and the fragment of the Epoch Cruiser to create the King of All Life, a celestial.

In this way, the destiny of the Calming Immortal Department wasn't as simple as just exploding. Rather, it had already faintly conformed to the general trend of the world.

"I'm aware of that. Now, we have to use thunderous methods to devour the other aristocratic families. In the past, I wanted to rope in these aristocratic families and form an alliance. But they've always feigned civility and sincerity. Now that they see us losing, they'll become even more aggressive. At this time, we have to destroy a few aristocratic families and devour their minor chiliocosms." The Dharma Saint's killing intent was thick.

"If we do that," Wu Dangkong said with a frown, "won't all of the aristocratic families be afraid of danger? They'll join the Calming Immortal Department, and perhaps even join Wan Senshi. That's going to cause a rift between us and the rest of us."

"Just wait and see," Wu Dangkong said. "Now that the Calming Immortal Department's destiny is rising, the first thing they'll do is deal with Wan Senshi. In order to weaken the Calming Immortal Department's destiny, Wan Senshi captured Yuhuan Lu. That's going to be a tough fight, and neither side will back down. We'll take advantage of this opportunity to injure both sides, and then turn the tables on them. "

The Dharma Saint wasn't panicking at all. Instead, he was trying to find a way to get stronger. He had suffered grievous losses, and now he had to suppress the chief elders of the Heaven-Devils to prevent any internal strife. Of course, he wasn't in a rush.

With Wu Dangkong's help, it was very easy for him to use the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman to suppress the old antiques of the Heaven-Devils. Moreover, Wu Dangkong had already ascended to the Deity level. That was the only benefit from this storm.

After ascending to the Deity level, Wu Dangkong had grasped the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, and his power had increased greatly. Not to mention his offensive power, just his defensive power alone was probably unbeatable. With the help of the Dharma Saint, the power Wu Dangkong could display was too terrifying.

Thinking back to when he was suppressing the North Star Empire, the probing attacks of many of the bigwigs couldn't do anything to the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. In that case, the talisman's power was worthy of being one of the three great ancient treasures.

However, the Dharma Saint also knew that Wu Dangkong's ascension to the Deity level was a mixed blessing for him.

In the depths of Wu Dangkong's heart, she definitely wanted to devour the Dharma Saint and control the entire Dharma Realm. As long as she became stronger, she would definitely betray him. It was the same for the Dharma Saint.

However, even though Wu Dangkong had ascended to the Deity level, the Dharma Saint still felt confident that he could deal with this woman.

In addition, if the two of them joined forces, they would indeed be able to achieve great things. If they were separated, they wouldn't be able to obtain any benefits. This was something both of them understood. Thus, the two of them formed a strange alliance of benefits.

"Right now, there are two things worth watching. One is the battle between Chang Weiyang and Dou Yiyu. The second is the battle between Jingxian Si and Wan Senshi.

Speaking of which, Chang Weiyang and Dou Yiyu's battle has already been going on for several years, but a victor has yet to be determined. I wonder how the battle is going in the depths of the Severed Grounds. "

A strange light flickered in Wu Dangkong's eyes. "If I can refine the two of them, I'm afraid the benefits won't be any less than obtaining the North Star Continent. Especially that Dou Yiyu, it's rumored that he obtained the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd's recognition. He can completely control the gourd's power. Right now, my Heaven Sacrificial Decree's defense can be said to be invincible. However, it's still not strong enough to suppress attacks.

If I obtain the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd, I can use it as a trump card to kill everything. "

"This is very difficult. The Severed Grounds is extremely deep in the space-time turbulence. The space-time there is chaotic. Not to mention the fact that both of us are unable to deduce the secrets within, even with the protection of the Heaven Sacrificial Decree, it would probably take a few years to find the two of them. At that time, the situation of the world will be completely different."

The Dharma Saint said, "The reason why the two of them have been fighting for so long is very likely that both of them have fallen into the Severed Grounds. In order to break through, the two of them have the determination to die. If they don't succeed, they will die for a righteous cause. This way, their potential will truly be unleashed to the fullest." "I think it's really possible for the two of them to break through."

Wu Dangkong said, "If that Chang Weiyang breaks through to the Heavenly Venerable Realm and returns, wouldn't the Calming Immortal Department be like a tiger that has grown wings?" "Naturally so."

The Dharma Saint said solemnly, "Moreover, according to my calculations, Chang Weiyang is very likely to die, unable to break through at all. But because the Calming Immortal Department actually schemed against me once, its destiny skyrocketed. Under the influence of the unseen world, Chang Weiyang's destiny has long been linked with the Calming Immortal Department. If one prospers, one prospers; if one suffers, both suffer. This time, the Calming Immortal Department has undergone an earth-shattering change, so naturally, Chang Weiyang's destiny skyrocketed. This is the snowball effect of destiny. It's very mysterious. "

"The general trend of the world is truly frightening at every step. There is no room for even the slightest mistake. Now that we are at a disadvantage, many things will become difficult to handle." Wu Dangkong felt that it would be extremely difficult to reverse the situation.

"As long as the Heavenly Demon Race doesn't fall into internal strife, we still have a high chance of success. So, if you and I join hands, we will eventually seize the dimensional realm of the Heavenly Demon Great Prison. In addition, the strength of the demon calamity is becoming greater and greater. This is the resonance of the Heavenly Dao, an instinctive reaction to deal with Gu Taxian. We are following the will of the heavens. As long as the Heavenly Dao doesn't perish, our destiny will fuse together with the Heavenly Dao. You don't need to be so pessimistic. The next time the demon calamity erupts, our destiny will also skyrocket." The Dharma Saint said.

"Is the Heavenly Demon Race unable to control the demon calamity?" Wu Dangkong was a little puzzled.

"It's impossible."

The Dharma Saint shook his head. "There are many layers in the Demon Domain, and the number of layers is uncountable. The number of demon races is also unimaginable. Every time a demon calamity is brewing, there will be many experts born from great destiny and tribulations in the layers of the Demon Domain. These experts are born from the stimulation of spirituality and demonic nature. Just like the current Gu Chensha, this person is also born from great destiny.

In the Demon Domain, there would also be many of these types of demons. After being urged by the demonic nature, they would appear out of nowhere and come to the human world to carry out destruction and destruction. This was when the Demon Calamity would erupt. Even the Heavenly Devil Race would not be able to control these people with great luck. The Demon Domain is really too vast. "

"I see. The layers of the Demon Domain and the demonic nature are surging. There will definitely be people with great destiny who will rush out of the Demon Domain and erupt on a large scale. This is the essence of the demon calamity. It's just like when the world is in chaos, ambitious people will take advantage of the situation to rise." Wu Dangkong finally understood the existence of the demonic nature.

"Then let's wait for the second demon calamity." Wu Dangkong was lost in thought. Gu Chensha had already arrived in the New Divine Prefecture.

The New Divine Prefecture was bustling with activity, and there seemed to be many new faces. They were people from countries outside of the Frigid Snow Region. In the distant Land of Infinity, the Central Divine Prefecture, as well as the Ocean Wilderness, Boorish Wilderness, Desert Wilderness, and Eastern Wastelands, were all very small places.

Even Divine level experts would need a long time to travel through the Four Wastelands. However, the journey beyond the Four Wastelands was even longer, and not even Gods could travel to those places in a short period of time.

Sometimes, even Gods would have to fly for years, or even decades, to travel to places beyond the Four Wastelands.

But now, the faces of people from those places had appeared in the New Divine Prefecture. From this, it could be seen that Wan Senshi had activated some sort of supreme teleportation technique to draw in many powers from the depths of the Land of Infinity and throw the situation into chaos.

Gu Chensha could see that Yuhuan Lu was still tied up on that golden ornament, allowing everyone to see her.

"Wan Senshi, if I don't refine you completely in the future, how am I going to be able to live up to Yuhuan Lu's humiliation? To think that an antique of this level would resort to such methods on a junior. How shameless!" Gu Chensha moved his palm and gathered his powers, ready to strike.