Chapter 1032
============

Malignant Tumors Everywhere

"Not good, Long Zai Tian has been murdered."

The moment Long Zai Tian was killed by Mister Wuxin, Gu Chensha had already received the news. He immediately sensed it and his body stopped shuttling through the countless universes. "I didn't expect there to be another Mister Wuxin besides Mister Wuxin.

"I didn't expect that there would be another Mister Wuxin besides Mister Wuwu. If that's the case, then Mister Wuwu would also appear. These are all signs of the birth of that terrifying thing. That terrifying thing is smart and has split into many individuals, stirring up chaos in the universe. It seems like I've miscalculated. Not bad, not bad. I've started to miscalculate. This means that the real battle is about to come." Gu Chensha didn't feel depressed because of his miscalculation.

Ever since he had achieved great success in his cultivation, he had never miscalculated his fate. Everything was in perfect order, and everything in the future would change according to his will.

But now, he finally couldn't control the situation. This was a good thing. If everything was in his control, then it would be meaningless.

The counterattack of the old world eventually gave birth to Mister Wuxin and Mister Wuxin. They were all the same person, the embodiment of that terrible thing.

In the end, these existences would gather and become that terrible thing to fight it out with Gu Chensha.

"Mister Wuxin managed this universe of the Eternal Continent, but he killed Long Zai Tian and spread his Wuxin Cultivation Method. Then, he killed those who cultivated the Dragonless Cultivation Method. Since that's the case, I won't be polite. Originally, I was afraid of fighting with you and destroying many universes. But now, it seems that my thinking was wrong. To destroy you, I'll have to strike like lightning." Gu Chensha's expression turned solemn. Suddenly, he stretched out his palm. Rumble! The moment he stretched out his palm, the entire Eternal Continent disappeared.

This was a huge universe with countless spaces, mountains, rivers, oceans, planets, sun, moon, sects, empires. Everything was rapidly evolving in the universe of the Eternal Continent. But after being grabbed by Gu Chensha, this universe disappeared completely. Then, this universe appeared above Gu Chensha's palm and shrank to the size of an egg. It was imprisoned by the square-shaped seal.

In the depths of the universe, a black-cloaked person appeared. It was Mr. Wuxin. He was extremely flustered as he flew everywhere in the universe, but he couldn't fly out at all. Gu Chensha sealed the entire universe, turning it into a cage that sealed Mr. Wuxin within.

"Gu Chensha, you're ruthless!"

Mister Wuxin let out an angry roar, bursting out waves of power. Instantly, it was unknown how many living beings in the universe of Eternal Continent were annihilated. The entire universe was filled with disasters.

Gu Chensha knew that it wasn't easy for this eternal continent's universe to be born. It had nurtured countless spirits, geniuses, stories, and civilizations. Every living being had their own stories and independent thoughts. Unless it was absolutely necessary, he didn't want Mister Wuxin and the others to destroy this precious universe.

In his heart, every universe, every continent, every space, every existence, even if it was a plant or a living being, was valuable and extremely precious.

But now, he had no other choice. If he allowed Mister Wuxin to occupy this universe and transform it into a universe that only knew how to devour, it would become a malignant tumor that would pollute the countless universes in the human world. This kind of thought would spread like a plague, and the losses would be even greater. His plan might go back a thousand years and return to the past.

Therefore, he had to sacrifice this universe to prevent it from becoming a malignant tumor and polluting even more.

Mister Wuxin was imprisoned, and his power began to erupt in this eternal continent's universe. In an instant, the entire universe encountered a true calamity.

"Mister Wuxin, you destroyed this universe, but the price you paid was greater than mine. I only lost a universe, but you lost everything."

Gu Chensha grabbed, and instantly, an endless amount of power was injected into this destroyed universe, forming shackles of order that locked Mister Wuxin tightly. In the end, Mister Wuxin couldn't move.

"Gu Chensha, you bastard, I won't let you off."

Mister Wuxin started to shout, but then he calmed down. "Even if you seal me, you can't kill me. You are at the ninth level of the Undying Realm, and so am I. Our realms are the same, reaching the Undying Realm. You should know that this realm is truly undying. After temporarily sealing me, I will still come out." "Is that so?"

Gu Chensha shook his head. "Wait until the Dragonless Heart Sutra spreads to every corner of the universe. When all living beings have successfully cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, you will naturally disappear without a trace. Actually, such a thing isn't far away. Mister Wu Wu created Long Zai Tian. Unfortunately, after Long Zai Tian cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, he abandoned all of you. You had no choice but to kill him. But since things have reached this point, it means that you have completely failed." "Gu Chensha, saying this is useless. You can no longer control the entire human world." At this moment, a person appeared behind Gu Chensha. This person was wearing a black cloak, and there was nothing under the cloak. It was Mister Wuwu. Mister Wuwu suddenly appeared behind Gu Chensha and struck out with his palm. Rumble!

His palms kept changing, converging into a black current. He was actually at the ninth level of the Immortal Realm. This power started to seep into Gu Chensha's body, destroying him. A hideous smile appeared on his face. "Gu Chensha, I'm already born. Our powers are the same. However, I created you, so in the end, you will have to return to your original body. My body contains all the power of your father, Gu Tianxian. You are no match for me. I will restrain you and make you return to my body to be absorbed!" Wu wu wu .....

A huge whirlpool appeared in Mister Wuwu's body, and it started to absorb the undying power in Gu Chensha's body.

"Is that all you've got?" Gu Chensha said with a chuckle. His body transformed into countless universes for Mister Wuwu to absorb.

In the blink of an eye, countless universes were sucked into Mister Incorruptible's body. Mister Incorruptible's face fell. In the blink of an eye, his body grew so fat that it seemed like he was about to explode.

"Didn't you say that the Dragonless Mental Dharma could cause the void to explode?

Well, it doesn't really matter. Let's see, Mister Wuwu. You're an Annulled expert. Do you think you can cause me to explode? "Gu Chensha continued to pour power into Mister Wuwu.

Mister Wuwu's face fell. His sneak attack on Gu Chensha had failed, and in fact, he was being attacked by Gu Chensha. He wanted to absorb Gu Chensha's power, but Gu Chensha just let him. RUMBLE! All of a sudden, Mister Wuwu exploded from Gu Chensha's power, transforming into black smoke.

"Seal!"

Gu Chensha waved his hand and the Eternal Continents Universe in his hand sealed Mister Incorporeal once again. This time, there were two people in black cloaks in the Eternal Continents Universe, Mister Incorporeal and Mister Heartless.

"Combine!"

Mister Wuxin and Mister Wuxin, who had been sealed inside the Eternal Continents Universe, fused together into something even more powerful. It was almost like the Emperor Of Heaven and the Fourth Gu Huasha had fused together. In the blink of an eye, they were dozens of times stronger than before.

The moment they fused, the entire Eternal Continents Universe exploded. Vital energy scattered everywhere. All living beings in this universe, everything, everything, turned into nothingness. Many of those who had cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra died as well.

The universe exploded, and Gu Chensha's seal was destroyed. Mister Wuxin and Mister Wuwu were freed once again, but they had used up a lot of their power. They split into two and fled into the depths of the mortal world. "Gu Chensha, you're really powerful. The two of us worked together and used up a lot of vital energy to escape from your seal. However, you won't be able to jump around for long.

Apart from Mister Wuxin and Mister Wuxin, there are many other existences who have descended into the mortal world. When that time comes, your backyard will be on fire. Let's see what you can do. "

Gu Chensha used his power to capture them, but they had already disappeared. It seemed like they had used some secret technique to escape from Gu Chensha's control.

"As expected of the peerless power. For now, I have no way to destroy it."

Gu Chensha did not chase after the two of them. With his strength, he could suppress the two of them again. However, in the process of chasing after them, it was not as simple as destroying a universe the size of an eternal continent, but a small half of the human world.

The ninth level of the Undying Realm was completely different from the Heavenly Daos. It was a power that surpassed the Heavenly Daos. It could be described as incomprehensible, inconceivable, and indescribable.

The power of this realm, even the tiniest bit, could cause destruction to all things in the myriad worlds. In the past, Heavenly Talisman Emperor hadn't reached this level.

However, Heavenly Talisman Emperor had fused with the Heavenly Daos, and after a long time of brewing, he had finally given birth to this terrifying thing, the peerless realm.

Gu Chensha finally knew how Heavenly Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian was born. He was born from the world's unseen forces, something to destroy the old and establish the new.