Chapter 619
===========

Wan Senshi's attack was sudden and carried with it a kind of invincible power, the power of a medium-class world.

As the senior of the three Heavenly Venerables, Wan Senshi could certainly cultivate a medium-class world, and his accumulation was unfathomable. This time, he suddenly made a move that Gu Chensha didn't have time to react.

Moreover, he knew that even if he could react, he probably wouldn't be able to stop Wan Senshi's actions. Wan Senshi's actions had crossed some kind of bottom line.

Gu Chensha watched as Yuhuan Lu was taken away. The anger in his heart was simply unparalleled, but he suppressed it. Wan Senshi had clearly declared war, so Gu Chensha absolutely wouldn't be polite.

In an instant, Gu Chensha's divine will had already communicated with Zhuge Ya inside the sphere of the People's Wish.

"Wan Senshi is actually so despicable to take away Yuhuan Lu. This matter must not be left unresolved. Since Wan Senshi has chosen war, then let's fight." Gu Chensha said to Zhuge Ya.

"Wan Senshi acted so brazenly, that means he's targeting the weakness of our Tranquil Immortal Department."

Zhuge Ya said, "But he miscalculated one thing, and that is, you actually obtained the secret of the Dharma Saint, thus allowing me to advance to the God Realm. Moreover, the secret of the Dharma Saint is very useful to me, and it's not as simple as advancing to the God Realm. I'll oversee the medium-class world, carefully operate it, and the power I can exert is enough to pose a threat to him, but that's all."

"An antique like Wan Senshi, every move of his is calculated. He gathered the Profound Immortal Dao Sects and formed the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, so there must be a huge conspiracy brewing.

By making the first move and provoking the war, he must have laid out a pocket for us to drill into. "Gu Chensha's eyes seemed to be burning with flames.

"Yes, although I can't figure out what his conspiracy is, it's definitely not that simple." Zhuge Ya said, "However, this time, our Tranquil Immortal Department can't show weakness, we must launch a counterattack! And we must rescue Yuhuan Lu. " "The place that Wan Senshi didn't calculate is my arrangement with the Dharma Saint."

Gu Chensha said in a faint voice, "The Dharma Saint is about to succeed in refining the throne of the True God, but under that level of refining, my Heavenly Dao Law has begun to fuse with the throne of the True God. However, as long as the Dharma Saint suppresses it, I can't cause any mischief, I can only hide, and the Dharma Saint can still activate the throne of the True God."

Right now, Gu Chensha was like a virus, temporarily lurking in the throne of the True God, and would not be discovered by the Dharma Saint. Even if the Dharma Saint refined the throne of the True God, this hidden danger would still exist. However, Gu Chensha could only lurk and could not make a move. Once he made a move, the Dharma Saint would be able to seize the traces and directly obliterate him. The power of the Dharma Saint was not to be underestimated.

"It seems that we have to cross the sea by deceiving the heavens, and attack the west!"

Zhuge Ya understood Gu Chensha's meaning: "The Dharma Saint is refining the throne of the True God, we will use this opportunity to ruthlessly swindle the Dharma Saint!" "Then we will have to use our savings."

Gu Chensha said: "The Dharma Saint's calculations are also very profound. If we make a move, we may not be able to deal with him, but seizing back the throne of the True God is not a problem."

"It is very likely that our plan to deal with the Dharma Saint is also part of Wan Senshi's calculations."

Zhuge Ya said: "But we want to see, in this world, who has more profound wisdom. If I had not advanced to the God rank, I would be helpless against these two old monsters. But now, we can go all out! " "In that case, let's go all out!" Gu Chensha's heart was completely filled with anger.

Zhuge Ya and Gu Chensha were not people who were afraid of trouble. Originally, this old monster Wan Senshi was just establishing the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals in the Immortal Path, snatching talents from the Calmness Immortal Department, and secretly plotting against them. This was nothing. But now that he had publicly arrested the Grand Commander of the Calmness Immortal Department, who was the imperial court? If this news spread out, where would the dignity of the Calmness Immortal Department go?

The aristocratic families that were suppressed by the Calmness Immortal Department had already joined the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals. When they heard this news, they would certainly rejoice, and then cause trouble everywhere in the world. The situation that the Calmness Immortal Department had painstakingly created would collapse again. At that time, the world would be in a different situation, out of their control.

"We know nothing about Wan Senshi's strength. As the saying goes, know yourself and know your enemy, and you will always be victorious.

Next, it's time to explore this person's strength. Fortunately, I have already made contact with Longevity God. "

Gu Chensha said, "In that case, I will join Longevity God's sect, sneak into the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, and get close to Wan Senshi."

"I will contact Chang Weiyang, Tai Xuandu, Wen Hong, and a few other people in the Immortal Path who can get close to us, and launch a thunderous strike against the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals!"

Zhuge Ya said, "At this time, I have already reached the God Realm, so I have the ability to talk to them as an equal. Plus, I have the medium-class world, so I can be the Alliance Leader. In addition, I have mastered the method of Dharma Saint to resist the summon of the Heavenly Dao, as well as the exquisite operation of his magical power! In time, it will not be a problem for me to make successive breakthroughs. In the Immortal Path, I can establish my prestige. "

"Next, we need to be careful of the other high-level members of our Calmness Immortal Department. Since Wan Senshi has personally made his move, he will certainly make his move against other people." This was what Gu Chensha was most worried about.

"There's no harm in that.

The backbone members of our Calmness Immortal Department, such as Long Zaifei and the others, all have the mark of a medium-class world on them. If Wan Senshi tries to capture them, it will attract the power of a medium-class world to kill them. If he tries to seize them by force, it will lead to an all-out war between two medium-class worlds. At that time, we can't care too much, we will have to fight to the death!

Although this situation will come sooner or later, I think that Wan Senshi will never want it to happen now, "Zhuge Ya said," However, it's hard to say what will happen to those who don't have the mark of a medium-class world. " "I see."

Gu Chensha said, "It seems that I also have to quickly advance my strength and reach the God Realm. Otherwise, the situation will become more and more difficult to deal with in the future."

"Your Highness, if you advance to the God Realm, then the weight of the God Realm will be dozens of times greater than mine. Let alone Wan Senshi, even if he joined forces with the three Empyreans, they still wouldn't dare to act so presumptuously today." Zhuge Ya sighed.

Gu Chensha also knew that although the speed at which he advanced was very fast, compared to the general trend of the world, it was still extremely slow. Right now, he had a cultivation of the twenty-fifth transformation of the Dao Realm, the 'Undying Body'. Even if he didn't consider the quality of his Heavenly Dao magic, he was still considered to be in the upper echelons of the cultivators of the world. He was a giant who could establish his own sect.

But if he wanted to reverse the general trend of the world, protect the Central Divine Prefecture, rebuild the universe, and lock onto the direction of the future, the Calmness Immortal Department's path was still pitifully shallow. This bit of strength was far from enough. Compared to the surging tide, it was like a mantis trying to stop a chariot, overestimating its own strength.

"It seems that I will have to go all out," Gu Chensha said. "Only by borrowing the strength of the Dharma Saint can I do it again! I can use the Shifting Stars!

I can fuse the All Elephants Shattering Cudgel, the Release Bow, the Constant Arrows, and the Impermanence Dual Arrows into my body, becoming one with my Heavenly Dao magic! " "This is extremely dangerous," Zhuge Ya said. "Haste makes waste. Your Highness must be careful. Otherwise, there will be major problems. "

"I know what to do. If we do it step by step, I'm afraid that Wan Senshi will push our Calmness Immortal Department into an irredeemable abyss."

Gu Chensha frowned. "Actually, I have devoured the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect's decree and will and fused them into my body, but I haven't completely digested them yet. After crushing the Yore-Desolate Dragon Sect's will, I will use this opportunity to return all techniques to one!"

"Your Highness's plans are all good. Then let's begin. Since Wan Senshi has made a move, then we will make him pay a sufficient price!" Zhuge Ya's figure suddenly vanished from the dimensional realm's sphere. Gu Chensha also retracted his will. He then faced Longevity God, who was equally shocked.

"Damn it, Wan Senshi actually made a move himself and seized the Commander of Calmness Immortal Department. Isn't this a full-scale war? Those juniors of Calmness Immortal Department are all lunatics! "

Longevity God's heart was violently shaken. "If they retaliate, I'm afraid the Union of Ten Thousand Immortals will suffer a huge loss. Although Wan Senshi will be fine, I'm afraid our members will be slaughtered and retaliated. Even though I have obtained the orthodoxy of Lu Shen and have reached the peak of the three lights of fortune, fortune, and longevity, I will still die in the face of this group of lunatics. Come, let's go back first. " Longevity God did not dare to stay any longer.

Although he was distressed that Wan Senshi had taken away the Natural Sound Dragon Zither, the next change made his hair stand on end. He was not a fool, so he naturally knew what it meant to cross the bottom line of Calmness Immortal Department.

Thinking of the retaliation from Calmness Immortal Department, how could he still care about looking for fortuitous encounters? He immediately went back to prepare.

"Brother Wu Lu, what happened?" Gu Chensha deliberately asked.

"Since things have come to this, I can't hide it anymore. Gui Yi Ku, I'll give you a good fortune!"

As Longevity God spoke, a stream of world force wrapped around Gu Chensha, and then he flew up and floated away. He did not dare to tear the space.

Because the force of tearing the space was too big, if something big happened here, Calmness Immortal Department would immediately notice it, and then operate their medium-class world to come here. Longevity God even knew that Wan Senshi must have seen him here, so he wanted to frame him.

Longevity God could never contend against Calmness Immortal Department's medium-class world. He was still a tiny world, and had not even successfully created a small world. Under the enormous power of Calmness Immortal Department, he was no different from an ant.

"Brother Wu Lu, you!" Gu Chensha pretended to be panicked.

"I am Longevity God, one of the giants of the Union of Ten Thousand Immortals, Gui Yi Ku. Now, I accept you as my disciple! Your good fortune is great. "Longevity God took Gu Chensha away. At this time. In a strange space-time.

Yuhuan Lu, who had just obtained Myriad Sounds Dragon Zither, saw a man in a loose robe and a bronze mask, but she did not know whether he was a man or a woman.

She felt the enormous power of Myriad Sounds Dragon Zither slowly rotating inside her body, which then condensed into a protective force around her body. She could not help but calm down a little. She was still far from being able to understand the secret of this Myriad Sounds Dragon Zither.