Chapter 649
===========

Everyone had something they hoped to obtain. That was their weakness. Dou Yiyu clearly hoped that she would advance to the Heavenly Venerable Realm.

Although she had reached the peak of the Dao Realm 36 Transformations, and her combat strength might be stronger than Chang Weiyang's, it was still a dream for her to advance to the Heavenly Venerable Realm. Even the three Heavenly Venerables couldn't do anything about it. Advancing to the Heavenly Venerable Realm was no small matter.

"What did Gu Taxian leave behind? What secret does that golden token contain? "Dou Yiyu was really interested.

She already knew what had happened in court that day. The two brothers, Lei Jiyuan and Lei Jixue, had been captured because they had offended the golden token. Their clones had been combined and sealed, and they would forever kneel in the square in front of the palace. This was something that the three Heavenly Venerables couldn't do. Even the three Heavenly Venerables might not be able to escape from the golden token.

The golden token that Gu Taxian had left behind could really help Dou Yiyu advance to the Heavenly Venerable Realm.

This realm was something that Dou Yiyu had yearned for day and night. This was because she had been stuck at this realm for many years.

"Naturally, I won't tell you this secret. Otherwise, wouldn't we be at a disadvantage?" Gu Chensha said, "Miss Yiyu must cooperate with us to obtain this secret.

Moreover, although you have grasped the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and the Dragon Creation Heart Sutra, you know nothing about the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra. However, I have managed to deduce some of the secrets of the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra. Do you want it? The foundation of our Calming Deity Department is far beyond what you can imagine. "

"The Holy Dragon Technique is a little mysterious. No wonder you have so many natural born Sage talents.

The power of prayer and sacrifice from a sect of sixteen saints is more than enough to surpass any other profound immortal dao sect. Now that Zhuge Ya has advanced to the Deity level, his cultivation base is profound, and his control over it has increased greatly. However, I have something that your Celestial Peace Department needs. "

Dou Yiyu said, "How about this? You tell me the secret of advancing to the Heavenly Venerable Realm, and I will give you something that your Calming Deity Department needs. How about that?" "Oh? Our Tranquil Immortal Department doesn't seem to need anything. "

Gu Chensha said, "The only thing we need is time. As long as we have enough time, our Celestial Tranquility Department will be able to become the overlord of this world. A family of sixteen sages, after all of them become sages, how powerful would they be?"

"I know that among your subordinates are the reincarnations of the Five Seasons Gods, Liu Yu, Qian Zhen, Mo Chao, Jia Liang, and Zhou Bu. I didn't get their names wrong, right? These five people have great potential. "

Dou Yi Yu said: "What if I can help them obtain the True God position left behind by the Five Seasons Deity? Think about it, in this way, what kind of level would the cultivation of these five people reach? " "The seat of the True God of the Five Seasons?" Gu Chensha's heart skipped a beat. Dou Yi Yu's words had greatly affected Gu Chensha.

If Liu Yu and the other four people obtained the seat of the True God of the Five Seasons Deity, it would be perfect. Their cultivation speed would be ten times faster, or even a hundred times faster, which would be beneficial to the stability of the world.

It could be said that if the five of them obtained the seat of the True God, they would be able to advance to the Deity level in a very short period of time, allowing the medium-class world to once again unleash its full power.

If the five of them became True Gods, the overall power of the Celestial Tranquility Department would definitely not be what it was now.

In particular, if the five of them obtained the seat of the True God of the Five Seasons Deity, they would be able to cooperate perfectly, without any flaws.

Compared to the Dharma Saint who obtained the seat of the God of Lu, he would only be able to unleash 70 to 80 percent of the power.

Even if the Dharma Saint gave the seat of the God of Lu to Jing Qiu, the power that Jing Qiu could unleash would be even smaller, perhaps only 60 percent. However, it would still be able to increase one's lifespan by five to six times, as well as many other miraculous uses. However, how could this be compared to Liu Yu and the other four people?

Liu Yu and the other four people were the true reincarnations of the Gods of the Five Seasons. After obtaining the seat of the True God, it was equivalent to the Gods of the Five Seasons being reborn after a calamity or even going one step further, just like the Dharma Saint and the Martial Emperor.

"I don't know where the seat of the Gods of the Five Seasons Deity is, nor can I deduce it. However, there is one thing that I can confirm. It is definitely not in the hands of the three Great Heavenly Venerables. If you obtained it, it wouldn't be like this. Right now, you've only grasped some clues. These are actually not very useful to us. "

Gu Chensha immediately guessed. "Moreover, even if you obtained the seat of the Gods of the Five Seasons Deity here, I'm afraid that it wouldn't be worth the secret technique to advance to the Heavenly Venerables."

"If you have a hundred percent method to help me advance to the Heavenly Venerables, it would definitely far surpass the seat of the Gods of the Five Seasons.

Even among the True Gods, only a few can break through the limit and become the Heavenly Venerables. For example, God Maha and The Great Spirit God. "

Dou Yi Yu said, "However, I think that you are mostly bluffing. It is impossible for you to have the specific method to help me advance to the Heavenly Venerables, right?" "Of course not."

Gu Chensha laughed coldly. "I have absolute confidence. Otherwise, do you think that the Three Great Mystic Sects would merge with us? They are all people who won't release the eagle without seeing the rabbit.

However, from the looks of it now, both of us have something that the other party wants. If we cooperate, we can bring out the best in each other and obtain benefits. "

"How about this, you take out a letter of intent to cooperate. I will see if there is a basis for cooperation, how to cooperate step by step, and what benefits can we obtain from each other? I will see if it is worth it, "Dou Yi Yu said.

"It is possible. I already have a plan."

Gu Chensha said, "You should also have a Minor Chiliocosm. Join our World Tree and communicate with each other. You can obtain power, and we can also obtain excess wealth and energy from your Minor Chiliocosm. Wealth is only wealth if it is circulated. If it is not circulated, it is just a rock." "Join your World Tree Series?"

Dou Yi Yu said, "You're quite ambitious. I'm afraid that your dimensional realm will swallow up my minor dimension. Now that you've already reached your level, I don't dare to take such a risk. How about this, let's have a small cooperation first. How about we gain mutual trust?" "Then tell me, how do you think we should cooperate?"

Gu Chensha knew that Dou Yi Yu was extremely difficult to deal with. It was impossible to deceive him like he had deceived Dou Nineteen and Wu Dangkong.

"How about killing Xing Qiongshi?"

Dou Yi Yu said. "The three Celestials' greatest enemy is Xing Qiongshi. However, he was seriously injured last time and has yet to recover. I have already locked onto his position. He is somewhere in the depths of space-time turbulence, and some of his trump cards are also there. If we attack together and borrow the power of your Minor Chiliocosm, we might be able to seal and kill him. Think about it, if you obtain his body, suppress him in your Minor Chiliocosm, and slowly refine him, wouldn't that make your Minor Chiliocosm invincible?" "Miss Yi Yu, your heart is too big."

Gu Chensha couldn't help but laugh. "Killing Xing Qiongshi isn't a small cooperation. It is even more difficult than killing the Dharma Saint.

Even the current Dharma Saint is a bit weaker than Xing Qiongshi. Even if we add in the Minor Chiliocosm, we still won't be able to deal with Xing Qiongshi. The news you have is that he is seriously injured, but don't you know that this is just a smokescreen? Do the three Celestials not have the confidence that they can deal with him, so they want me to go and test him? " "This is a great opportunity. Riches and honor come from danger."

Dou Yi Yu waved his hand. "There is something else I want to say. The True God of the Five Seasons' throne is in Xing Qiongshi's hands. In the past, he killed the ancient Son of Heaven, and in order to protect the Son of Heaven, he killed the God of the Five Seasons and took the throne.

If we join forces now, we won't be able to kill and imprison him, but obtaining the True God of the Five Seasons' throne isn't impossible.

Also, it is a fact that he is seriously injured. You should know this better than I do, because what injured him was some kind of power left behind by Gu Taxian. " "Dou Yi Yu's words aren't necessarily correct.

However, it is possible that the True God of the Five Seasons' throne is in Xing Qiongshi's hands. Of course, it is also possible that she isn't. She is just bait for Dou Yi Yu. This woman is really hard to deceive, and it will be very difficult to fight with her in a battle of wits and courage.

I'll feign civility and probe for more information from her. In the end, she still won't be able to see through my transformation. This is where I have the advantage. If I can find an opportunity to suppress this woman, I'll be able to thoroughly understand the three Celestials' secrets. "

Gu Chensha naturally wouldn't be blinded by greed. Instead, he instantly made hundreds of millions of calculations in his mind.

He immediately said, "Xing Qiongshi is indeed seriously injured. Even Wu Dangkong seems to have given up. Wu Dangkong took the opportunity to cooperate with the Dharma Saint and refine the Divine Prefecture Ominous Armor he left behind. He now has the power of a Saint.

In this way, it can be seen that Xing Qiongshi really has no time to care about anything else. We have a chance. Tell me, where is Xing Qiongshi? " "So you're saying that you're working with me?" Dou Yi Yu asked.

"Of course. I'll more or less cause some damage to Xing Qiongshi."

Gu Chensha said, "Xing Qiongshi is a huge threat to us. He wants to activate the Divine Prefecture Great Art's 100th stage and become one with the Divine Prefecture. That will completely destroy the Imperial Court. We can't stand that. And if he succeeds, the three Celestials will probably be killed by him. " "The three Celestials aren't as weak as you think."

Dou Yi Yu smiled. "However, Xing Qiongshi's offensive power is indeed unparalleled. If he explodes, even Wan Senshi will have to retreat.

You can see very clearly that he's a madman. Otherwise, he wouldn't be called the Divine Prefecture's Ominous Number One. His baleful aura can destroy anything. " "Where is he hiding now?" Gu Chensha asked again.