Chapter 217
===========

"But now, the court has established the Department of Calmness with Lou Baiyue, Nineteenth Prince, and Fourth Prince as the leaders. They haven't matured yet, but they have great potential."

The veiled girl said, "This is the court's way of balancing. The Celestial Designer Institute is full of old people, while the Department of Calmness is full of young people. The two sides will definitely oppose each other. This is our chance. "

"Manager is right. Nineteenth Prince is a core figure of the Department of Calmness. Does this mean the Celestial Designer Institute will benefit us? Won't they suppress us? "young master Qi said.

"Our Wu Clan's Old Ancestor will go and discuss some important matters with the two old fellows of the Uncanny Workmanship. Recently, the world has been in turmoil with the descent of the Demonic Star. Some experts that are proficient in the Heaven Dao are getting restless. The Heavenly Talisman Great Thearch has lost his absolute suppression.

The veiled girl said, "But we can't offend the Department of Calmness. Nineteenth Prince is no small matter. Two years ago, he was mocked by the world for not eating meat. Now, no one laughs at him. Everyone knows he's hiding his strength and biding his time.

Look at what he's done. Hatching the Black Tortoise, establishing a fief, contacting the immortal dao, subduing the Venomous Poison Sect, killing the Thunder Beast King. He's far more capable than the other princes. " "His cultivation is improving too fast. He killed the Thunder Beast King in just two years? Did the Celestial Talisman Emperor impart his strength to him? "a young master said.

"His cultivation base is secondary. Look at his actions. The construction of his fief, the way he uses his subordinates, he's extremely magnanimous, respectful to the wise, and meticulous in his treatment of others. We can't underestimate him. The Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor might be trying to nurture his character."

The veiled girl said, "If he comes this time, I'll go see him after we dock. If he gives the Jingwu Merchant Group a chance, it won't be a big deal." "But will the enlistment be successful?"

Young master Qi said, "I heard the Great Wei Dynasty's envoys are colluding with the king. The envoy from the Taiyi Mystical Sect is also urging against it." "It's hard to say. Let's wait and see.

But as long as the Celestial Talisman Emperor is still around, the enlistment shouldn't be a problem. "The veiled girl waved her hand." I have some arrangements. Frost Jade Dew was spinning a jade ball on the Wild Shark Ship. It was her Jade God's Eye. On the Jade God's Eye, a fleet appeared on the surface of the ocean.

"This fleet is actually armored. It's rare for a merchant group to have such a powerful fleet." Gu Chensha asked, "Whose merchant group is this?"

"Your Highness, this is the merchant ship of the Scenic Wu Merchant Association. It is one of the best merchant associations among the people. The initiators are the Jing Clan and the Wu Clan, but there are also aristocratic clans such as the Legalism Clan, the Lei Clan, the Hong Clan, and the Fan Clan."

Gu Chensha had refined the Eyes of the Jade Deity of the Frost Jade Dew once again, and it was very mysterious. However, when she used the ball to observe the caravan, the main ship was pitch black, as though it was covered by some kind of spell. She couldn't see what the people inside were doing.

"The Jing Clan is a first-rate clan, while the Wu Clan is a true Sage Clan, belonging to the direct line of the Martial Saint.

Thousands of years ago, he established the Great Wu Dynasty, and it was the strongest dynasty in the history of the Great Wu Dynasty, excluding the current dynasty. It defeated the Berserkers time and time again. "

Long Yuyun said, "The Dragon Transformation Pagoda was also forged by the Martial Emperor. Later on, Yuan Shasheng found the remains of this pagoda, and it fell into the hands of Your Highness."

"I remember that the Wu Clan is a Sage Clan that doesn't have a marriage alliance with Imperial Father." Gu Chensha asked.

The women of the Legalism Clan, Fan Clan, and Heng Clan all entered the harem and became the empress and concubines of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. However, the Wu Clan didn't, and they didn't even have any officials in the imperial court.

This was a clear indication of their attitude. The Wu Clan didn't want to cooperate with the imperial court.

However, the Wu Clan had a strong foundation, and the imperial court didn't want to be enemies with them for the time being. In addition, the Wu Clan was rather law-abiding and low-profile, not giving the imperial court a chance to make things difficult for them.

"The Wu Clan has never cooperated with the imperial court."

Long Yuyun said, "The current manager of the Scenic Wu Merchant Association is a young miss of the Wu Clan, called Wu Dangkong." "Wu Dangkong, this name sounds like a man." Gu Chensha laughed.

"This woman is very mysterious, and her talent is extraordinary. Ever since she took over, the Scenic Wu Merchant Association has been thriving. Other than the Celestial Designer Institute, it can be said to be number one among the common people."

Long Yuyun said, "She has a fiancé called Jing Fanxing, who cultivates in the number one Celestial Dao Sect, the Black Heaven Earth Sect. It is rumored that he is also an extremely powerful character." "I know." Gu Chensha nodded. "What is the aptitude of this woman?"

"I don't know because she has never displayed her cultivation. However, many young masters of aristocratic clans have been roped in by her, listening to her every word. Moreover, this woman has never revealed her appearance, always wearing a veil. But looking at her management of the merchant association, she has unknowingly grasped many economic lifelines, far surpassing us." Yu Hanlu said.

"Even surpassing you?"

Gu Chensha first nodded. "You are a genius, and your business is extremely amazing. These days, my business has been relying on you. It seems that this woman's aptitude is another Dragon Zai Fei?" "It's possible."

Yu Hanlu nodded. "The Scenic Wu Merchant Association has a great influence in the trade of our Baoyu Country. If Your Highness succeeds in recruiting them, they will definitely come to us.

If they lose Baoyu Country, their business will shrink greatly. Even their business with the Celestial Dao Sects will stop. "

The Celestial Dao Sects had a great demand for precious jade. Not to mention the gold powder and jade shavings needed for alchemy, it was impossible to set up formations and build pavilions without precious jade.

"What obstacles do you think this recruitment will face?" Gu Chensha asked Yu Hanlu.

These days, when he was cultivating on the sea, Yu Hanlu and her trusted subordinates in Baoyu Country had learned a lot through sea rocs.

"After Your Highness defeated Gu Huo, although the envoy group of Great Wei Dynasty did not withdraw, they did not do much. On the other hand, more and more Celestial Dao Sect disciples of Taiyi Fantasy Sect have come. They seem to have received the news that we are coming and want to give us a show of strength."

Yu Han Lu had an expression of wisdom on her face. "But how can they compare with our current power?"

"That's right. As long as it's not those old fogies in Taiyi Fantasy Sect, I can definitely defeat them."

Gu Chensha's aptitude had increased to that of a peerless talent, the power of Dragon Gate had increased by 80%, and his realm had reached the 9th change realm of Dao Realm. With his own power, he could basically look down on the younger generation.

"I wonder how is Fa Wuxian?

The last time he fought with Bai Yue in Bu Zhou Palace, he did not gain the upper hand, but his strength is still very terrifying. However, even if I meet this person now, I might still be able to put up a fight. If he wants to defeat me in an instant, it will not be so easy. "Gu Chensha had the intention to fight with Fa Wuxian to test his strength.

That day in his castle, his cultivation base was low, and his aptitude was only above average. Now, with his painstaking efforts, his cultivation base had increased by 100 times, and his aptitude had also increased to that of a peerless talent. Although he was still far from a Natural Saint, he was not as desperate as before.

"Sooner or later, I will steal the Emperor's Energy of Great Wei Dynasty and increase my aptitude to that of a Natural Saint. If I still can't change my aptitude and fate with the Heavenly Talisman, then I would be too stupid."

Gu Chensha had the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman and could exchange it for anything that couldn't be found in the world. If he didn't even know how to use it, then he might as well kill himself.

"Since that Gu Huo was defeated by Prince, will Prince show up this time?" Yu Hanlu asked.

"It's better to hide."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "There's still the Taiyi Fantasy Sect that we haven't dealt with. This time, the two of you will still be in charge. Justice will hide behind us. If there's an opponent that we can't handle, the Xuanwu baby and I will come out and launch a sneak attack. I don't believe that there will be another 18 Changes Golden Dan Great Dao expert. There aren't many people at this level, even in the 72 immortal sects."

If one could not die after reaching the Golden Dan Great Dao, then there would be many experts around the world.

Unfortunately, even if one reached the Golden Dan Great Dao, he could only live for a thousand years. Within a thousand years, there wouldn't be many Golden Dan Great Dao experts.

"In front of us is the largest dock of our Baoyu Country."

Yu Hanlu pointed to the front. "We will dock there and reorganize our troops. Then, we will go to the imperial palace. I want to meet my father tonight." "I'm afraid it's not that simple."

Gu Chensha saw that many Baoyu Country's military ships had already surged up beside the dock. It seemed like they didn't want his fleet to dock. On the dock, pairs of soldiers had already gathered. From beginning to end, there were still some experts hidden among the soldiers. At the same time, many soldiers pushed out huge iron carriages, which were loaded with cannons.

"Interesting." Gu Chensha smiled.

At the same time, in the northwest of the Great Yongchō, there was a huge prefecture called the Wu Prefecture.

The Wu Prefecture was vast, and the people there worshiped martial arts. It was even more so than the Xian Prefecture. Almost every child in every household knew a few moves, and there were countless martial arts experts. Many landlords and local tycoons liked to hire people from the Wu Prefecture as bodyguards. And the Wu Clan was the largest aristocratic family in the Wu Prefecture. In ancient times, there was a saint, the Martial Sage.

The Wu Clan was so powerful that even the imperial court feared it. Even when the governor of the Wu Prefecture was celebrating the new year in the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty, he would visit the Wu Clan.

The Wu Clan occupied a few mountains in the center of the Wu Prefecture: Yang Wu Mountain, Yuan Wu Mountain, True Wu Mountain, Martial Transformation Mountain, and Taiwu Mountain. These five mountains covered an area of a thousand miles in radius.

The five mountains were like a palm, towering above the earth. The peaks were beautiful, the waterfalls were like dragons, and the lakes were deep. It was a picturesque scene. It was unknown how many secrets it contained. In the mountains, there were luxurious palaces built for the disciples of the Wu Clan. At the foot of the mountains were fertile fields that stretched out endlessly.

They were all neatly divided, and there were houses in between the fields, which were guarded by people. The terrain was hidden in a formation.

Just at this moment, an old man appeared in the sky. He looked at the five mountains within a radius of a thousand li and could not help but nod, "The Martial Sage is truly amazing, moving the mountains and moving the five spiritual mountains here to create a Heaven and Earth Fortune Formation for the benefit of his descendants."

As he spoke, he lightly tapped the air in front of him. Ripples appeared in the void, as if the void had been opened.

"Lord Ghost Axe is above my Wu Clan. Your presence brings light to our humble dwelling." A voice came from the void.