Chapter 179
===========

Three days later, Gu Chensha, The Fourth, and Lou Baiyue gathered at the Calming Immortal Department's yamen again. At this time, they had brought their trusted and capable subordinates.

Gu Chensha's subordinates were Liu Yu and Long Zaifei. Lou Baiyue's subordinates were Shi Xiang and a girl called Lou Huaiyue.

"This Lou Huaiyue's aptitude …" Gu Chensha was shocked to discover that Lou Huaiyue's aptitude was comparable to Long Zaifei's. The Lou family actually produced such a talent?

This kind of talent was enough to prosper a family and establish a strong foundation for hundreds of years.

"Huaiyue is a baby girl adopted by my father. Her surname wasn't Lou, but because her biological parents couldn't be found, my father added her into the Lou family's genealogy."

Lou Baiyue introduced: "She and I are like sisters. The Fourth and the Nineteenth, please take care of her in the future." "I see."

Gu Chensha knew that the Lou family wasn't simple. To be able to recruit such a talent, it wasn't something that could be found with great power. It also depended on luck.

"Greetings, Your Highness the Fourth, Your Highness the Nineteenth."

Lou Huaiyue hurriedly bowed. This girl's expression was cold and quiet. When she spoke, she gave off a feeling that she didn't belong to the mortal world. After careful observation, one would feel that she was mysterious and dignified. Her temperament surpassed many noble princesses.

"Since she is Baiyue's sister, I can't be stingy. Here is a bottle of Purple Blood Rejuvenation Pill. In the future, the Calming Immortal Department will encounter many battles. One more pill will reduce the damage." Gu Chensha took out a greeting gift.

"Thank you, Your Highness the Nineteenth." Lou Huaiyue accepted it graciously.

"Nineteenth, you are so extravagant. I am also affected by you." The Fourth smiled bitterly and also took out a pill as a greeting gift.

"The Fourth, what kind of fortuitous encounter did you have recently? This is a sixty-year Yang Restoration Pill. "

Lou Baiyue looked at the pill. It was black and white, floating up and down in the bottle. This pill seemed to be alive: "If a cultivator's lifespan is up, they can use it to extend their life for sixty years. Many old guys in the Celestial Dao want it." "This isn't anything good either."

The Fourth scoffed, "If you can't break through when your lifespan is up, then you really won't be able to. Using pills to extend your life is just like that. Sister Huai Yue, our Calm Celestial Department will have many dealings with the celestial path in the future. You don't need to use this pill, just sell it to those old fellows at Dao Realm Transformation Seven or Eight or those who have lived for close to 300 years but haven't revived. They are about to die and if they have a pill that can extend their lifespan for 60 years, they can even give up their lives."

Without cultivating the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body, one could at most live for 150 years. At that age, no matter how high one's cultivation was, a large amount of energy would be lost and one would face many tribulations. This was the natural law of heaven and earth and one couldn't go against it. With the Glass Jade Body, one's lifespan would be doubled to three hundred years.

But after 300, one's body would age really quickly. Only when one reached Dao Realm Transformation 16 would one be able to find a new body. However, every time he reincarnated, his soul would weaken a little and his cultivation would drop. If he reincarnated a few times, he would really die and disappear from the world.

Since ancient times, cultivation was filled with tribulations and many people from the celestial sects died of old age.

"Thank you, Your Highness." Lou Huaiyue was also a subordinate. Gu Chensha sized up the Fourth's subordinates.

The Fourth didn't have many subordinates, just three of them. They were all geniuses and they weren't old, around 12-13 years old.

"Fourth Brother, it seems like you haven't brought out any real talents. Nineteenth Brother brought out Long Zaifei, and I brought out Huaiyue. You should have people like that under your command," Lou Baiyue said.

"Do you think that geniuses are cabbages? Only the two of you don't know how lucky you are. No wonder father has high hopes for the two of you. "The Fourth Gu Huasha scolded.

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue looked at one another and knew that The Fourth was speaking the truth. The Fourth was a top talent and it wasn't so easy to get a top talent as a subordinate.

"Okay, Calm Celestial Department only has the few of us. All of you were maids in my residence or warriors under Nineteen or The Fourth. That was a private system and didn't belong to the government.

But now that you have entered, you have a rank. You belong to the government and your identities are different. Since you are paid, you have to work for the government. "

Lou Baiyue waved her hands, "Our Calm Celestial Department is different from normal departments. We give you money and pills. We will also give you armor and weapons. We will even give you treasures. But remember, don't take anything for yourself, otherwise, the law will be merciless." "Yes!"

Everyone present was an outstanding person. How could they not know how powerful this was? They all agreed in unison.

"I've already explained the division of labor and structure of the Celestial Calmness Department. Gather for a meeting later and discuss how to carry out the registration of the immortal dao sect, as well as the collection of taxes from the immortal dao," Lou Baiyue ordered again.

"This subordinate will not disappoint you!" "Good, then you may leave."

Lou Baiyue dismissed these people before saying, "We will immediately head to the burial grounds. I believe that the immortal dao sects, demonic dao sects, and even barbarian experts have already gathered there."

"Yes, our Calm Celestial Department is investigating the immortal dao, taking back the demonic dao, and returning them to the righteous path. We will register them one by one and collect taxes.

This time, we can go to the burial grounds and see those of the immortal dao. We can also implement our Calm Celestial Department's policies. "The Fourth thought long term.

"Yes, this is killing two birds with one stone." Gu Chensha nodded.

"Nineteen, this time, His Majesty has allocated the wealth of the Calm Celestial Department. Aside from the nine sacred dragons, the most precious thing is the Divine Dragon Armor. You can wear it."

Lou Baiyue said, "After we return from the burial grounds, we will return it to the department. According to the rules of the imperial court, that armor is meant to be worn on a mission, not for personal gain."

"Forget it. Although the Divine Dragon Armor is powerful, the King's Dragon Armor on me has been refined by me for many days. I have already mastered it and mastered it. If it were something else, it might not be able to use it as well."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. Of the four transcendent artifacts on him, the Heaven-Offering Decree merged into his mind, the Dragonization Pagoda merged into his dantian, and the Demon Subduing Blade and King's Dragon Armor turned into a belt that wrapped around his body. With a thought, he could wear them and hold them in his hand.

"That's true. Since you have refined a treasure that belongs to you, there is no need to neglect the essentials. No matter how talented the children of other families are, they are not as good as our own," The Fourth said.

"If that's the case, let's move out immediately."

Lou Baiyue waved her hand, and her Innate Gang Qi wrapped around the Ten Thousand Miles Flying Cloud Flag. With a clap of thunder, the three of them disappeared without a trace.

Seeing this, Gu Chensha knew that she was already proficient in using the Ten Thousand Miles Flying Cloud Flag.

This flag was an ancient treasure that he had obtained from the Immortal Worship Hall of the Zhou Palace. It was miraculous and far surpassed ordinary immortal treasures. Even among the treasures of the ancient seventy-two orthodox sects, there were only a few that could compare to this treasure.

After a few dozen breaths, the power of the Ten Thousand Miles Flying Cloud Flag spread out, and the three of them arrived at the edge of the burial grounds.

This place was hundreds of thousands of miles away from the border, and they were already deep in the wilderness.

"The fog here is much thinner."

Gu Chensha was shocked to discover that the last time he came here with Lou Baiyue, there was a thick fog that lingered all year round. Deep inside, they could not even see their own fingers. But now, the fog was thin, and they could see the mountains of bones.

There were white bones everywhere. There were humans and beasts, and they were piled up into a huge mountain. No one knew how many miles it was.

"The world has changed, and the poisonous fog has dispersed. This means that the seal of the burial grounds has disappeared, and all the demons and ghosts will come out."

The Fourth was worried, "Yesterday, I received news that the seal of father under the Endless Sea of Sin has been broken, and demons have appeared in the central Sin Province. Marquis Calming Sea has sent people to kill them." "There are so many things in the world."

Lou Baiyue shook her head, "But we don't have to worry too much. The situation in front of us is just a test. It's just a skin disease. I think the tribulation of the Way of Heaven can only create this little bit of trouble."

"You have completely refined this Ten Thousand Miles Flying Cloud Flag." Gu Chensha said, "Then we have a lot more confidence."

"Not only that, I can also use thirty to forty percent of the power of the Xuanhao Dragon Ship. According to the normal operation of this dragon ship, it needs eighty-one boatmen who have cultivated the Glaze Jade Body to continuously input their Innate Gang Qi. Only then can the dragon ship move, soar into the sky, and use twenty percent of its power."

Lou Baiyue took the initiative to say, "Fortunately, my Great Massacre Divine Technique has endless Innate Gang Qi. Otherwise, I wouldn't be able to move this ship at all."

"It needs eighty-one cultivators who have cultivated the Glaze Jade Body to operate a magic weapon. You can operate it alone?" The Fourth bowed repeatedly, "I really admire you." "What is this? If my cultivation goes further, I can sweep away all the Inborn Saints. "

Lou Baiyue was very domineering as she spoke. "But this is not my ability, it is the power of the Emperor's cultivation method." Swoosh swoosh swoosh …

Just as the three of them were talking, a few rays of light came from the distance. They did not stop and went deep into the burial grounds.

Gu Chensha could clearly see that there were people using Innate Gang Qi and magic treasures to fly at high speed. They were all experts among experts.

"Things are getting interesting." The Fourth said, "Looks like this burial ground is going to be an eye-opener for us." "I have never seen a scene where the real experts of the Immortal Dao are as numerous as clouds."

Gu Chensha said, "It's just that during the imperial court, when Father tore open space and captured Elder Wang Ji of the Crimson Firmament Profound Sect, I saw that the entire Crimson Firmament Profound Sect was grand and majestic. It formed its own space and time, and there were immortals like rain. That scene was truly majestic. It made me feel like I had returned to the Primordial Era."

"The Crimson Firmament Profound Sect is not considered strong among the seventy-two sects. The strongest, the Black Heaven Earth Sect, is truly as vast as the Heavenly Dao." The Fourth seemed to have been to the Black Heaven Earth Sect before.

"Let's go deep inside as well. We can't be ostentatious and hide our auras," Lou Baiyue said.

Just as the three of them were hiding their auras, another ray of golden light flew over from the sky.

However, this golden light seemed to have discovered the three of them. It suddenly descended, and the light dispersed. It was actually an old man dressed in Daoist robes. He was tall and had bright eyes that could see through one's heart.