Chapter 92
==========

He had struck it rich this time.

The pool of Dragon Transformation Liquid and the mysterious pagoda could not be used for the time being. However, the elixirs were real riches.

The medicinal pills of the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple were probably extremely valuable and rare treasures. They weren't ordinary goods like the "Blood Strengthening Pill".

Although the Blood Strengthening Pill was sought after by the nobles, it would not be able to enter the treasury of the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple.

His cultivation had improved greatly and he had stepped into the Dao Realm. His strength could not be compared to before. Very quickly, he passed through hundreds of miles of mountains and left the resting place of the Demonic Apes. He found the place where Yi Ming and the rest were resting.

"Master, why have you been gone for so long?" Yi Ming saw Gu Chensha and hurried over.

The Great Dragon Armor changed according to the user's will. If one did not want it to be invisible, it would turn black and white. The armor quickly disappeared and turned into a belt.

"Did you guys encounter anything?"

Gu Chensha looked around and there seemed to be traces of battle. "Could it be that Long Yuyun and the Frost Jade Dew have not met up with us?"

"Your Highness, they did not come. Instead, we met a few groups of Demonic Apes that came to hunt. We killed them all." Liu Yu reported.

"Long Yuyun and the Frost Jade Dew should have arrived by now. Could it be that something happened?"

Gu Chensha guessed and thought of a plan. "Since the Demonic Apes have found us, we should not stay here for long. Let's retreat to the further mountains to rest." "Yes!" Everyone quickly retreated and started to leave the forest around the temple.

Gu Chensha knew that he had caused such a big commotion in the temple. He was afraid that a large scale search of the mountain was about to begin. It was better to hide first.

They continued to march. After five days, they were more than a thousand miles away from the Demonic Apes' range. Only then did they stop.

"Your Highness, we have been in the mountains for almost a month. We have been wandering in the forest and have not achieved anything. The other princes are like a raging fire …" Three Incenses was a little anxious.

"Who said I didn't contribute?"

Gu Chensha snickered in his heart, but he didn't say anything. He had collected all the Dragon Transforming Liquid that had been accumulated in the Demonic Ape Temple for many years. He had also taken away the pagoda. He had certainly destroyed the Barbarian Race's grand plan that had been laid out for several decades. If one were to compare the merits, then perhaps he had surpassed the Seventh Prince Gu Fasha.

However, he still could not hand over the pagoda and the Dragon Transformation Fluid. It was better to keep quiet and make a fortune. No matter how great the merit was, it could only be buried.

"There's no rush, we don't have many people," he comforted, "I'll wait for Long Yuyun, Cold Jade Dew, and the others to gather before making any further plans.

Besides, it's not like we didn't gain anything. I entered the Demonic Ape Temple of Confusion and found out some secrets. The number of masters in the temple is not something we can contend with. We have to rearrange our plans. " "We'll wait for the prince's plan before reporting it to the princess."

The Three Fragrances didn't want to rush him, but when they saw Gu Chensha's confident look, they became a little suspicious. They couldn't figure it out at all.

"Yiming, let's discuss this," Gu Chensha called out.

"Yes."

Yiming followed him far away, out of the Three Fragrances' line of sight, and immediately knelt down on one knee, "Congratulations Master, you've gained a lot this time. You've stepped into the Dao Realm, and from now on, you've left the mortal world and entered the world of immortals."

"You actually saw through it?" Gu Chensha was proud of his Sun and Moon Transformation Technique, but he didn't expect Yiming to see through him.

"It's because Master's aura is too strong. You've stepped into the Dao Realm, and your spiritual energy is surging." Yiming stood up, "Master must have gained a lot this time."

"Of course." Gu Chensha told him about the Dragon Transformation Fluid and the pagoda, "Is that pagoda the Dragon Transformation Pagoda?" "Yes."

Yiming was shocked, "That's the Dragon Transformation Pagoda. The Demonic Ape Temple of Confusion put in a lot of effort, and all the masters had to use the Dragon Transformation Fluid to nurture it. When it grows up, it will become an extremely powerful treasure of the temple, and it can nurture thousands of masters. Who would have thought that Master would snatch it away just like that? They can't bear such a loss. It's more painful than destroying a few tribes, or even killing the Barbarian King." "I can't use this treasure yet." Gu Chensha frowned, "I can't increase my combat power for now."

"It's okay, Master can slowly use the refining techniques to refine it in the future." Yiming said, "In the future, this treasure will definitely shine."

"What is this? It's actually sealed in a Spiritual Crystal." Gu Chensha took out the best Spiritual Pill he had obtained from the storage. Within the fist-sized Spiritual Crystal, there was a white pill the size of a rice grain.

"This isn't a pill."

Yiming's eyes widened, and he examined it closely, "If I'm not wrong, this is a fragment of the Heavenly Demon Relic. In the ancient times, the Heavenly Demons came from the outside, and they almost destroyed the world. The Gods and the Monster Race joined forces to fight against them, and they finally defeated the Heavenly Demons. After the strong Heavenly Demons were killed, their essence would turn into a Heavenly Demon Relic. If it was obtained by a very powerful person, they could use it to create an incarnation. The Demonic Ape Temple of Confusion actually has such a thing." "Another one that I can't use." Gu Chensha kept it. He started to check the pills in the golden labeled box. He took out a box from the altar space and opened it. There were many golden bottles inside.

He opened the bottles and within were spiritual liquids. Within were pills that shone a seven-colored light. They were only the size of a thumb, and there was only one in each bottle.

"This is the Seven Saint Heart Refining Pill and it is really amazing. It is a pill left by the Seven Saints of the human race and can't be refined anymore. If one consumes it, it can open up one's heart and increase one's mental energy and soul. Apart from that, there are many other benefits. It doesn't strengthen the body but the soul. Especially if one cultivates the Glass Body, the next step would be to use it to do a thousand things at once. If one can consume the Seven Saint Heart Refining Pill, it will be much easier.

Apart from that, the key is that after one cultivates the Samadhi True Fire, to cultivate the Nine Transformation Glass Body, the last stage is the True Fire Training Brain. One needs to have really strong mental energy to be able to control their own True Fire. If one can consume this pill before that, the success rate will increase greatly. "

Yi Ming muttered, "Good thing, good thing. I didn't expect the Chaotic World Demon Ape Temple to have so many Seven Saint Heart Refining Pills. No wonder there are so many bishop level experts." "This is a magical item."

Gu Chensha was overjoyed: "Even Old Seven needs this pill, not to mention other experts below Eight Transformations. Won't one be sold for a sky-high price? No, no one will sell this. Even cities won't trade for it. "

He remembered that there were a total of 24 boxes of such pills and each box had 20 bottles. In total, there were 480 of them? Who had so much wealth?

He immediately consumed the Seven Sages Heart Cultivation Pill. As soon as it entered his stomach, the pill completely disappeared. Then, seven ancient human Great Sages appeared in front of him, educating the people and teaching them. He seemed to be standing at the peak of civilization, comprehending many truths that he had never comprehended before.

The scenes disappeared and his body was still his own. He didn't gain any strength but he felt like his soul had been enlightened. His mind was really sharp and he observed his body. In the past, he couldn't see many small details but now he could see them clearly. Even the various structures and acupoints in his brain could be seen clearly.

"This pill is just godly."

Gu Chensha sighed and thought to himself, 'Even if it was a foolish person who had never studied before, if he were to consume this pill and study, he would probably become an Elementary Scholar, High Scholar, or even a Grand Scholar.'

But this Seven Saint Heart Refining Pill was the same as the Tiger Wolf Pill. Each person could only consume it once.

In reality, the Seven Sacred Heart Cultivation Pill was condensed from the will of the Seven Saints of the Primordial Human Race. In other words, it was the comprehension of the Great Dao. After one consumed it, it was equivalent to directly listening to the teachings of the Seven Saints. This kind of comprehension was rare and precious, and it could directly enhance one's soul and sublimate it.

Such comprehension would accompany one for the rest of one's life. Of course, one had to comprehend it. Gu Chensha felt like his Dao Foundations had become more firm and deep.

He placed this pill in the Sun Moon Altar but didn't dare to let Yi Ming consume it. If Yi Ming broke through, it would be troublesome.

He then took out the box with the purple label and looked at what was inside. There were also bottles of pills soaked in spiritual liquid. This time, the pills were also purple, like purple gold frost. There were silver runes on them.

"This is the Purple Blood Rejuvenation Pill. It has the ability to regenerate and replenish one's body. If you are heavily injured, consume it and you can instantly recover from many injuries. It can also recover your physical strength, True Essence, and Xiantian Gang Qi. If I use up my Xiantian Gang Qi, I can consume it and it will regenerate in my body. "

Yi Ming said, "This pill is very useful for people who have cultivated Xiantian Gang Qi. It is also very precious in the Barbarian Temple. Only the bishop can be rewarded with it." "I see."

Gu Chensha nodded and took out the green label box. There were also pills inside, but they were not soaked in the spiritual liquid. The fragrance of the pills was also sky green.

"This is the Spirit Cleansing Pill. It isn't made by the barbarians but by the ancient celestial sects."

Yi Ming was knowledgeable. "The disciples of the celestial sects cultivate the Primordial Secret Technique and consume a lot of Spiritual Qi. It isn't enough for them to gather Qi every day, so they have to consume this pill. This pill is formed from Spiritual Qi and all sorts of clear Qi. The effect is much stronger than gathering Qi alone. The barbarians should have traded with the monster race. The monster race and the celestial sects have fought for many years and they have obtained many pills from the celestial sects.

The barbarians can only refine the Blood Strengthening Pill, Tyrant Blood Pill, and Dragon Blood Pill. They aren't as effective as the Spirit Cleansing Pill. "

Gu Chensha knew about the Blood Strengthening Pill, Tyrant Blood Pill, and Dragon Blood Pill. They were used by the barbarians to increase cultivation. The Blood Strengthening Pill was the lowest grade, the Tyrant Blood Pill was slightly stronger, and the Dragon Blood Pill was the strongest.

It was like how the Great Yongchō Court had pills within the royal family. They were Essence Nurturing Pill, Essence Replenishing Pill, and Qi Replenishing Pill.

Logically speaking, the princes had to consume the Essence Nurturing Pill from a young age to strengthen their foundations. When they grew up and cultivated, they would consume the Essence Replenishing Pill. When they reached Dao Realm, they would receive the Qi Replenishing Pill.

Unfortunately, since young, Gu Chensha's pills were taken away, causing the gap between him and the other princes to be huge.

Although Lou Baiyue gave him the Essence Nurturing Pill and Essence Replenishing Pill, they were useless and were given to his son to improve. Be it the Blood Strengthening Pill, Tyrant Blood Pill, or Dragon Blood Pill. It was still the Essence Nurturing Pill, Essence Replenishing Pill, and Qi Replenishing Pill.

Only the nobles and royalty could use them often. As they were precious and the ingredients were hard to find, they couldn't be sold.

Now that the Imperial Court had developed the Battle Technique Wine, its effects were even better than the Essence Nurturing Pill and Essence Replenishing Pill. However, it could only be given to generals.