Chapter 472
===========

Zhuge Ya pointed.

A huge amount of memories and treasures cultivation methods rolled in. A tree structure that was similar to the Heavenly Demon Tree but completely different appeared in his Sea of Consciousness.

Gu Chensha's body had completely transformed into Dharmic powers. His sea of consciousness was just a mass of Yuan Qi hidden within the Dharmic powers. Furthermore, every trace of Dharmic powers in his body could store memories and operate thoughts.

In the past, too many memories could even burst his sea of consciousness, but now, no matter how many memories there were, he could contain them all.

When the Sage's memory entered his magic power, it was like a clay ox entering the sea, unable to cause any ripples.

"It really is the Tree of Wishes …" Gu Chensha observed the condensation method in his memory and comprehended the nature of the Heavenly Demon Tree. He understood the stories and efforts of the ancient emperors and Jiang Gongwang.

The Heavenly Demon Tree and the Tree of Wishes actually had the same core principles, but the key areas were very different.

The essence of the Heavenly Demon Tree was the Primordial Demon Dao. It was a naked plunder, the survival of the fittest. When the Heavenly Demon Tree had just been born, it was still a seedling. The moment it was born, it had stolen all the vitality from the Life's Wish sphere.

On the other hand, the Tree of Wishes was upright and upright, containing good wishes. It was a tree of the human race. Zhuge Ya had obtained all of Chang Yuzhou's memories, allowing him to comprehend the 24 Transformations and peer into the future. From there, he had obtained even more secrets from the World Burying Coffin. This secret was the method to condense the Tree of Wishes.

"Transforming from the Heavenly Demon Tree to the Wishing Tree is actually the same as turning into a demon. We just happened to obtain the Connate Numinous Treasure, the Myriad Demon Human Transformation Diagram. This diagram has already been integrated into the Heavenly Demon Tree and is beginning to transform. As the foundation, we will inject the Common People's Oath into it and use spiritual power to reverse the structure. From now on, the Heavenly Demon Tree will become a thing of the past, an even stronger Wishing Tree," Zhuge Ya said.

"That's right. In ancient times, the Heavenly Sons of Heaven and the Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, discovered the Wish Tree after researching the Heavenly Demon Tree and the Grandmist Tree.

Gu Chensha said, "The Wish Tree has the mysteries of the Heavenly Demon Tree. The mysteries that the Heavenly Demon Tree doesn't have, the Wish Tree also has them."

At this moment, he was experienced and knowledgeable. He was proficient in endless ancient secrets. He was completely familiar with any cultivation technique and magical treasures with just a glance. He could understand the secrets within them and transform them on his own. Rumble!

His entire body turned into a mass of primal chaos that was directly injected into the Heavenly Demon Tree. He used his own spiritual power to change the Heavenly Demon Tree, turning it into a Tree of Wishes.

The quality of the Heaven's Path Art was most suitable for forging magic treasures. After changing the material, it would never regress.

Right now, Gu Chensha's spiritual power was incomparably vigorous, almost limitless. He was also proficient in the Great God Massacre Art and the Son of Heaven's God Bestowal Art. Combining them, with a single thought, he could open up an endless number of dimensions. The energy of each dimension would pour down like a waterfall, and then rearrange and mix, giving birth to endless wonders.

Of God Of Heavof of of Of of ancient times to of the Heavof the ancient times. of Gu Jiang probably also the Wang of of of the Heavof the Of Dao. of the ancient times, Qi had been. of Wang of Ye.

Using the Heavenly Dao Art's quality to change the structure of the Heavenly Demon Tree and use it as a foundation to transform it into a Wish Tree was far more convenient than any of the ideas of the ancient emperors.

Gu Chensha injected himself into the Heavenly Demon Tree and spread its branches and leaves. Immediately, the tyrannical aura of the Primeval Demon Dao receded like a receding tide. In its place was a peaceful, vast, warm, and cool aura.

The Wish of All Life merged into the Wish Tree and used its power to slowly transform the Heavenly Demon Tree into a Wish Tree, closer to the Primordial Primordial Tree.

"The quality of the Heavenly Dao Art is indeed amazing. Any magical treasure that is nourished by this art will be completely reborn. Even if it's the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, or Black Tortoise, it can grow rapidly."

Zhuge Ya sighed in admiration. "If not for the Heavenly Dao Art appearing in the world, the Heavenly Demon Tree would never have been able to transform into a Wish Tree."

For an ordinary metal weapon to be transformed into an artifact, ordinary cultivators would place it in a spirit gathering formation and slowly nurture it for hundreds or even thousands of years. Slowly, it would gain spirituality and wonder. Brilliant cultivators would soak it in spirit liquid. An even faster method of evolution was to use heavenly dew. However, heavenly dew was not as good as Gu Chensha's Sun-Moon Dragon Blood.

The Sun-Moon Dragon Blood was not as good as the Sun-Moon Dragon Energy, which was not as good as the Sun-Moon Dragon Primordial Spirit. It was not as good as the Sun-Moon Dragon Elixir or the Sun-Moon Dragon Art. All of these could not be compared to the Heavenly Dao Art. Time flew by again. In the blink of an eye, half a year had passed.

Under Gu Chensha's care, the Heavenly Demon Tree shrunk again. Its power condensed and covered a radius of dozens of miles. Finally, it became a small sapling that was only about a foot tall.

The Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise floated in the air and revolved around the sapling.

The sapling emitted a gentle glow. Billions of halos floated around the sapling. It was as if it was in a different space.

Within the sphere of the Wish of All Life, colorful clouds floated everywhere. Then, all of them were absorbed by the sapling. Then, it brewed and spat out. Chi la!

Waves of fusion elemental energy fell like a waterfall and were all absorbed by the newly born Wish Tree. It did not even need the Taiyi Pearl to filter it. It could be completely digested. The absorption ability of the Wish Tree far exceeded that of the Heavenly Demon Tree.

"If not for absorbing the Myriad Demon Human Transformation Painting, the Heavenly Demon Tree would not have been able to transform into a Wish Tree." During the refinement process, Gu Chensha had completely understood the secret.

After his magic power came out of the cosmic lightning pool, it was even more exquisite. It was like the spring breeze and rain, silently transforming the treasure in nature. The ultimate goal of the demon race was to become a human being. The evolution of the Heavenly Demon Tree into a Wish Tree was the process of demons becoming humans.

If not for the Myriad Demon Human Transformation Painting, which was a connate numinous treasure, Gu Chensha would have needed decades to transform the Heavenly Demon Tree into a Wish Tree.

The Myriad Demon Human Transformation Painting was a connate numinous treasure obtained by the four great apes of the ape race. The four great apes had gathered all the power of the ape race and refined the painting for thousands of years. It had accumulated a huge amount of demonic energy and world energy. Although it had been integrated into the Heavenly Demon Tree, it had not been digested. In the past six months, Gu Chensha had used the Heavenly Dao Technique to completely refine the huge amount of demonic energy accumulated in the Myriad Demon Human Transformation Painting. It was like the scorching sun shining on an iceberg, melting it.

Once it was melted, the power of the tree would be released and transformed. Finally, it broke through the threshold and was refined into a Wish Tree.

"After the Wish Tree is formed, the days of our Tranquil Fairy Department will be much better." Zhuge Ya suddenly pointed and activated the sapling. A ring immediately formed on the sapling.

Gu Chensha made a grabbing motion and the ring appeared on his hand. He sent his Dharmic powers into it and found that the space inside the ring was extremely stable. It was ten feet in length, width, and height. It was three times larger than the space inside the ring that had been formed by the Heavenly Demon Tree.

That was not all. The speed at which the sapling condensed the interspatial ring had greatly increased.

Back then, in order to activate the Heavenly Demon Tree to condense the interspatial ring, Zhuge Ya had spent a full day and night. If he wanted to condense a second ring, he had to rest for seven days. Now, with a casual movement, he had completely created a ring with a larger space in a few breaths. It seemed like this ring could be mass-produced.

Gu Chensha knew that there were two reasons for this. One was that the Heavenly Demon Tree had turned into a Wish Tree and its ability had increased greatly. The second was that Zhuge Ya's realm had increased by two. At the start, he was at the twenty-second transformation of Heaven and Earth. Now, he had broken through and actually reached the twenty-fourth transformation of Future Peek.

The twenty-third transformation of Capital Realm Peek into the Past and the twenty-fourth transformation of Future Peek were the two most crucial gates. Once one comprehended them, there would be supreme uses and one would be able to allow one's Dharmic powers to seep into the essence of time.

For example, if the spiritual power of the Dao Realm 22 Transformation Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth was a thread, then the spiritual power of the 23 Transformation Reflecting the Past was a steel wire. The twenty-fourth transformation of Future Peek was a diamond thread. The toughness and mysteriousness of the Dharmic powers couldn't be compared to the past.

Gu Chensha had now obtained the lifetime effort of a Saint like Chang Yuzhou, but he was still stuck at the 22 Transformations and was unable to improve. Even though he had comprehended many things during the half a year he had spent condensing this Tree of Wishes, it was still of no use.

"During this half a year, we have been cultivating in the Common People's Wish Ball and allowed the Heavenly Demon Tree to evolve into a Wish Tree. During this period of time, we haven't produced anything. For example, Human Dragon Pellets, Human Dragon Armor, and Human Dragon Sword have all stopped production. I am afraid that many problems have arisen outside." Gu Chensha said, "Luckily, we had some in stock, so we wouldn't be in trouble."

"It is okay, we can increase production now. We can also sell the space rings to the Celestial Path Sect. That is a huge profit."

Zhuge Ya looked at the sky of the Common People's Wish Ball, "If not for the Demon Calamity, then our Calming Celestial Sector's era would have arrived."

Gu Chensha knew that creating Human Dragon Pellets, Human Dragon Swords, and Human Dragon Armors wasn't much. Only those who could mass produce space rings were the true giants.

Even in the Celestial Path Sect, space rings were really rare. Even geniuses at the eighteen transformations of Dao Realm might not have one. Even the Grand Elder at the Dharmic Power Realm didn't have one. This was because only God Grade experts could create space rings.

Even experts at the twenty-ninth transformation who comprehended chaos couldn't create a stable space.

If these space rings entered the Celestial Path Sect, numerous cultivators would fight to the death to snatch them. They were willing to pay any price.