Chapter 762
===========

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios Gu Tiansha didn't attack immediately.

He was using the power of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand, gathering it to cover the surface of the Common People's Wish sphere. It seeped into the crystal wall and tried to refine the entire dimensional world. This was simply inconceivable.

Facing the Common People's Wish sphere, even if old antiques like the Dharma Saint, Wan Senshi, The Great Spirit God, and Immortal Master worked together, they wouldn't dare to refine it so easily.

But that was exactly what Gu Tiansha wanted to do. After he became a Sage, he could use more of the power of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand. He had absolute confidence in crushing the Calming Xian Bureau.

Wiping out the Calming Xian Bureau, sweeping the world, controlling the divine continent, subduing the four seas, suppressing the Immortal Dao, and then gathering the living beings of countless worlds to form a strong empire to be sacrificed to him. This way, the fate of all living beings would be gathered on him, allowing his cultivation to instantly reach the peak and be able to compete with the heavenly dao.

To him, the Calming Xian Bureau was his greatest stepping stone. If he got rid of it, his future path would be smooth sailing.

Right now, the Tranquil Immortal Department was no longer just a few cats or kittens. Rather, it was a true giant. Not to mention anything else, just the Common Life King and the Martial Sage, two Empyrean level experts, were more than enough to suppress all sorts of space-time and traverse through countless planes.

One had to know that there wasn't a single heavenly venerable level expert in the 72 Mysterious Gates of the Taigu Immortal Dao.

Apart from that, there was the Common People Marquis, who was at the peak of the Dao Realm 36 Transformations, and the Longevity God, who had three true god positions.

Also, Lou Baiyue's strength, with the Great Massacre God Technique, was enough to be on par with experts at the peak of the 36 Transformations.

There was also the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, and many other experts. Together, they formed a wave that could change the world. Of course, the most terrifying one was still Gu Chensha.

If Gu Chensha hadn't met with a calamity, the Sun and Moon Lord Gu Tiansha wouldn't even have dared to come. This was because he had lost to Gu Chensha twice.

Even Gu Tiansha, the Master of the Sun and Moon, found it hard to deal with the mysterious Heavenly Dao that had no trace of destiny.

Therefore, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, had come when Gu Chensha was facing a great calamity.

He had no choice but to come. If he did not come and Gu Chensha successfully passed the tribulation and attained the Divine level, he would be the unlucky one. He knew very well how powerful Gu Chensha was after cultivating to the Deity level.

In the space-time continuum, almost all of the big shots could see a vast and mighty power of the Sun and Moon Boundless World converging together like a heavenly waterfall. It broke through the barriers of space-time and completely enveloped the dimensional realm that was the sphere of Common People's Will. Then, the sphere's crystal wall resisted the invasion of the sun and moon.

Unfortunately, no matter how powerful this sphere was, it was still essentially a dimensional realm. The difference in strength between it and the boundless universe was far too great.

Even a tiny bit of the boundless universe's power was enough to break through the dimensional realm and destroy its core.

Therefore, in the eyes of outsiders, the Lord of the Sun and Moon Lord Gu Tiansha had used his strongest technique to forcibly refine the sphere of Common People's Wish. This was simply a ruthless method that no one had ever done before or since. This kind of simple and crude action was something that even the big shots feared. In the depths of space-time.

The two big shots, Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master, were watching the dimensional realm change. The vast and mighty power of the sun and moon had completely wrapped around the sphere of Common People's Wish. Wan Senshi's voice was tinged with helplessness as he said, "This Gu Tiansha is simply unscrupulous. Once he becomes a Saint, he can use even more of the power of the sun and moon and begin to act tyrannically, directly refining it like this. Even we can't interfere. This is the greatest calamity of the Celestial Calmness Department. If we could take a share of it first then there would be many benefits, but this Gu Tiansha's actions clearly show that no one is allowed to interfere."

"Don't worry, the Celestial Calmness Department is a fat piece of meat that not only you and I covet. Even the three great Empyreans, as well as the Great Spirit God, the Dharma Saint, and Wu Dangkong are also coveting it. If this fat piece of meat is swallowed by Gu Tiansha then I fear that we will all have to submit to his tyrannical might in the future.

However, the Celestial Calmness Department won't be so easy to swallow. First of all, that Gu Chensha might be able to overcome his tribulation and counterattack. Moreover, the gold medal that Gu Taxian left behind will also display its power, "the Immortal Master said.

"The greatest variable is the gold medal that Gu Taxian left behind. However, now that Gu Taxian is entangled with the Heavenly Dao, it is very likely that the gold medal won't be able to display its power at the most critical moment."

Wan Senshi said, "Recently, because of the changes in the Heavenly Dao, my cultivation has progressed a little. As the Heavenly Dao weakens, the suppression it exerts on us is getting smaller and smaller. It is very likely that we will break through the boundary that has been difficult to break through since ancient times. The entanglement between Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Dao is a huge opportunity for us. It is just like the replacement of dynasties since ancient times. When a powerful rebel appears in the last generation of a dynasty, it is the easiest for the feudal vassals to rise when they fight each other. My prediction of the future is very likely to be like this. That is, the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian will both suffer heavy losses. In the end, a new person will rise. This person will be among us. Perhaps it will be me, perhaps it will be you, or perhaps it will be someone else. We are all feudal vassals, and we will see who will have the last laugh."

"I want to see if this Gu Tiansha can do anything to the Celestial Calmness Department. In my opinion, it is best for both sides to suffer heavy losses. That way, we will be able to gain a great advantage."

The Immortal Master said, "If Gu Tiansha has any problems, and this child can take away his destiny, then our cultivation will definitely be able to reach the heavens and earth." "Let's wait and see. Let's not make a move for now."

Wan Senshi said, "We can endure it, but there will definitely be some big shots who can't endure it and interfere. But what I fear is that such interference will instead help the Celestial Calmness Department."

"Compared to the Celestial Calmness Department and the Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha, who is more detestable?" the Immortal Master suddenly asked.

"If you really want to compare, the Celestial Calmness Department has rules to govern the world, and they will always leave people a chance to live. Even Jing Fanxing and Fa Wuxian didn't completely kill them. Instead, they reduced them to mortals. As long as they can comprehend again, they will still have a chance to make a comeback."

Wan Senshi said, "From this, it can be seen that the Celestial Calmness Department does things according to rules. However, the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha is truly someone who will follow him and prosper, and those who will oppose him will die. He kills and devours as he pleases, and he does whatever he wants without any bottom line. But to me, neither of these are good things. It is best if they die together. "

"That's right, the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha is extremely dangerous. If he gains power, we will all be in trouble."

The Immortal Master said, "But now that he is supporting the Crown Prince Gu Tiansha and cooperating with our Heavenly Craftsman Institute, I have gradually found this child's weakness." "Oh?" Wan Senshi was instantly interested. "What is this child's weakness?" "If you want to know, you will have to use treasures to exchange for it."

The Immortal Master naturally couldn't just tell Wan Senshi about this weakness. Her cooperation with Wan Senshi was actually just a facade of unity, but actually divided. Perhaps when they spoke, they would stab each other in the back at any time.

"That's easy."

Wan Senshi said, "You just want to cultivate your daughter. Actually, I have a very good treasure here that is suitable for your daughter …" Rumble!

As the two of them were discussing and observing, the Life's Wish sphere suddenly exploded with a loud sound. Thunder rumbled inside, and the wind surged. It was the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha and the experts of the Calm Immortal Department.

Inside the Life's Wish sphere, the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha completely controlled the situation. The power of the Sun Moon Great Thousand Worlds sealed off the surroundings and seeped into the dimensional greyspace of the sphere. At this time, the interior of the sphere was completely affected by him. Even the World Tree was visibly withering and shrinking, and the world power was compressed into a ball.

"Very good. I have completed the sealing."

A smile appeared on Gu Tiansha's face. "You can't run away now, and no one else can come in. Once I have completely refined this sphere and subdued you, then I will walk out. The world will be completely different, and my great era will completely come. My era will continue forever, and it will exist forever.

When that time comes, I will be the Heavenly Dao, the true ruler of everything, and an existence that surpasses the Heavenly Dao. Especially this Gu Chensha. I can let you go, but I can't let this Heavenly Dao Magic go. If I devour him, then I will be able to break free from certain restraints. "

As he spoke, the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha's attack had already begun. Tentacles emerged from his body, capturing everyone in the sphere.

These tentacles shone brilliantly, and they were the true power of the Sun Moon Great Thousand Worlds. Anyone caught by these tentacles would have no chance of survival.

He directly broke into the Calm Immortal Department, sealed off the dimensional world, and slaughtered everyone inside. This was the domineering power of the Sun Moon Lord Gu Tiansha.

"Everyone, form a spell formation. Don't be afraid, there are endless treasures!"

At this time, the Martial Sage was already prepared. Everyone hid inside the World Tree, taking their positions. The World Tree's dense branches and leaves formed all sorts of protection.

And at this time, a brilliant light appeared inside the World Tree. There were a total of 13 of them.

These were the lights of the Endless treasures. The Three Dukes and Eight Marquises of the imperial court were all reincarnations of Endless treasures. In addition, there was also Wen Hong, as well as Fang Lin, whom the Heavenly Talisman Grand Emperor had painstakingly cultivated.

The Three Dukes and Eight Marquises had a total of 11 people. Adding in Wen Hong and Fang Lin, there were 13 of them.

Thirteen people were the reincarnations of thirteen Boundless Treasures. Even though there were less than thirty-six of them, it was still a powerful force to be reckoned with. At the same time, they could draw upon the power of the Heavenly Realm to defend against the power of the Sun, Moon, and Great Chiliocosm.