Chapter 235
===========

Rumble! At this time, inside the palace, Nie Daoist and Jiang Xue He both attacked Little Qing. Two Innate Astral Qi fiercely attacked, and in an instant, Little Qing's Astral Qi was scattered. More importantly, she couldn't dodge, otherwise, she could still move around for a while. If she dodged, Nie Daoist and Jiang Xue He would attack her sister, so she had to stop them.

"Little Qing, you are too careless, I know your cultivation, even if you have some fortuitous encounters, it is still limited." Jiang Xue He suddenly grabbed, and his Innate Astral Qi turned into a blood net, covering the sky.

"Little Qing, be careful!" The white-robed woman was shocked.

"Little White Snake, you should worry about yourself." Nie Daoist laughed lewdly, "You are mine." Whoosh! All of Nie Daoist's Innate Astral Qi turned into a demonic claw and fiercely grabbed down. The situation was extremely dangerous. Weng!

At this time, a mountain-like and ocean-like power suddenly surged out from the white-robed woman and Little Qing's body, instantly increasing their strength by several times. A huge snake appeared on Little Qing's head, and fiercely swallowed Jiang Xue He.

Jiang Xue He was shocked, and with a loud roar, blood red Astral Qi erupted from his body, and he vomited a lot of blood. "Blood Demon Body Disintegration!" He activated the most damaging secret technique, causing the huge snake to slightly loosen.

Seizing the opportunity, he suddenly flew out, and in the blink of an eye, he disappeared without a trace.

At this time, the white-robed woman's Innate Astral Qi also turned into a white snake, biting towards Nie Daoist, and with a slight suction, it completely swallowed Nie Daoist's attack. Nie Daoist broke out in cold sweat, "You obtained Goddess Hu Gu's inheritance?"

He didn't have the heart to continue fighting, so he took out a talisman and instantly wrapped it around his body, and with a thunderclap, he also escaped without a trace.

This talisman was painstakingly refined, and it was very precious, but at this time, he could only activate it, lest he die. Shhh …

Little Qing landed on the ground, completely unaware of what had just happened and where that power had come from. The white-robed woman was also very confused.

She only felt that incomparably pure power, as if a god's boundless power had entered her body from the statue behind her, causing her cultivation to increase by several times. But after repelling the enemy, this power disappeared without a trace.

She immediately looked at Gu Chensha, who was behind the statue, and realized that this scholar had a blank look on his face. He had no idea what was going on.

"Could it be that the power left behind by Aunt Hu really helped us just now?"

The woman in white continued to inject her Innate Qi into the statue, but she found that it was still devouring her power, and there was no sign of anything strange.

"Big Sister, was it really Hu Gu's spirit?" Little Qing said happily.

"It should be."

The white-robed woman nodded: "If it wasn't for the power left behind by Aunt Hu, how would we have the ability to defeat Jiang Xue He and Daoist Nie?" "What about the scholar?" Little Qing asked, "Did he faint from fright?" "I'm still here. I didn't faint."

Gu Chensha walked out and flicked the dust off his hands. "You two ladies are really blessed. It seems like you've already survived the calamity." "Looks like you're really brave." Little Qing looked at him, "Didn't you say you would protect us? Why didn't you come out to fight those two demons? "

"This …" Gu Chensha smiled awkwardly. "I didn't come back to my senses for a while. Besides, the two fairies and the two demons were too strong. I couldn't interfere at all." "Alright, stop mocking the Young Master."

The woman in white looked deeply at Gu Chensha. "Perhaps Young Master has brought us luck today. Now, I have taken a lot of time.

I feel like I only need a few days to unlock the secret of the statue and obtain some of the things left behind by Aunt Hu. "

"Big Sister, you said that when the imperial court destroyed Hu Gu's temple, it was said that our yao race's omnipotent Hu Gu was killed by the imperial court. But why did the imperial court not take away Hu Gu's treasures?" Little Qing asked.

"That I don't know. But the two of us have obtained the talisman left behind by the Great Sage of the Demon Race. Although the Great Sage of the Demon Race has fallen, he was once the founder of Aunt Hu Gu. We should be able to use this fate to obtain some of the things left behind by Aunt Hu Gu."

The woman in white said, "It's a pity that my cultivation has not reached a high level. My Xiantian Gang Qi is not strong enough. Otherwise, I would have obtained Hu Gu's treasures."

"This green snake and white snake demon seem to have some kind of fate with them. In that case, I will help them." Gu Chensha thought to himself, "I also want to see what Hu Gu left behind."

After thinking for a while, he secretly injected his Xiantian Gang Qi into the woman in white's body.

His Xiantian Gang Qi was already shapeless. It could change between shapeless and shapeless. It could be used skillfully and moved according to his will.

The woman in white's body trembled. Her face showed an expression of disbelief. "It seems like I have a reaction." "What reaction?" Little Qing asked hurriedly.

The woman in white didn't speak. The Xiantian Gang Qi in her body circulated more and more intensely. Her body emitted the roars of ten thousand dragons as it rushed into the depths of the statue. Something in the statue seemed to be activated as it emitted waves of silver light.

"Demon Sage Talisman Amulet." At that moment, a talisman seemed to rush into the statue from the woman in white's body. Crack!

A spatial node opened inside the statue. Then, in some mysterious space-time turbulence, a demonic book was attracted and flew out of the statue.

The book was a leather scroll that looked very ancient. There were demonic runes on it that were ancient and mysterious. The book slowly flew out. The runes on the book seemed to have thousands of eyes that could suck in one's soul.

"Book of the Divine Demon."

At a glance, Gu Chensha knew that the book was the legendary Demon Race Treasure Book. It was a supreme divine artifact on the same level as the Peerless Heavenly Book and Eternal Heavenly Book. The book itself was also a supreme Dharma treasure, or rather, a life. However, the book seemed to be in a deep slumber and didn't display its power.

"Indeed, these two snakes are fated."

Gu Chensha nodded. "This thing can only be obtained if one is fated. If I'm not wrong, this statue is a node that connects to the space-time turbulence. As long as one obtains some heritage and injects energy into it, this statue will summon the existence of the Book of the Divine Demon in the space-time turbulence. This book will be attracted and fall into the hands of the fated person. This book is extremely powerful, but unfortunately, it might have experienced a great battle back then and expended a lot of energy. It's still in a deep slumber and only has some instincts."

This book was a heavenly treasure, a holy book of the ancient Demon Race. However, Gu Chensha didn't have any thoughts about it. He wouldn't go so far as to snatch something from the two women.

"Book of the Divine Demon!"

The two snakes were extremely excited. Not only did the book contain peerless demonic arts, but it was also a nearly invincible Dharma treasure. After obtaining it, their cultivation would be smooth sailing and they would ascend to the heavens in a single step. The white snake waved her hand and was about to collect the book. But at that moment, something unexpected happened. Above the sky, crackling sounds could be heard!

It was as though a strong gust of wind blew. Then, dark clouds covered the entire temple as black gas billowed.

Then, amidst the black gas, a gigantic hand that was a few acres in size grabbed down. With a single move, the Book of the Divine Demon flew towards the gigantic hand.

The two snakes were alarmed. They wanted to fly up, but it was to no avail. The gigantic hand emitted a monstrous baneful aura that left them immobile. They couldn't even circulate their Stellar Energy. This was the power of supreme Soul Deterrence.

At a glance, Gu Chensha knew that the black gas and the gigantic hand were formed from the Connate Stellar Energy of an extremely powerful person. It was impossible for the two snakes to withstand it. Even if he injected Stellar Energy into their bodies, it would be useless. A treasure like the Book of the Divine Demon could not fall into the hands of this person. Immediately, Gu Chensha was about to take action.

But at that moment, a blob of light suddenly appeared on the Book of the Divine Demon. Amidst the light, a woman appeared.

This woman was identical to the statue of Aunt Hu in the temple. Behind her were nine furry tails. This was the Nine-tailed Celestial Fox.

The woman appeared on the Book of the Divine Demon. With a gentle wave of her hand, lightning suddenly descended.

There was a huge clap of thunder in the sky, causing the gigantic hand to disappear. The black clouds also dissipated completely.

A shrill scream came from deep within the black clouds. A black shadow flew away like a bird startled by the mere twang of a bow, not daring to look back.

After scaring away the black clouds and gigantic hand, the Nine-tailed Celestial Fox looked down. She smiled at Gu Chensha and nodded. Suddenly, she disappeared. The Book of the Divine Demon rapidly descended and landed in Gu Chensha's hands.

"Aunt Hu has appeared. Why is the Book of the Divine Demon in his hands? Is he also someone fated with it? "The two snakes were shocked.

Gu Chensha was also a little surprised. He knew that his concealment might have been seen through by the remnant will of Aunt Hu in the Book of the Divine Demon.

It was true that his cultivation level was profound. Even Great Dao Golden Core experts could not see through it, but a demon like Aunt Hu would definitely be able to sense something.

"I don't know what's going on either."

When Gu Chensha saw the two snakes looking at him strangely, he hurriedly handed the Book of the Divine Demon over. "Please return this book to the two ladies. I have no intention of coveting the treasure." "Young Master is righteous. I'm very impressed."

The white snake took the Book of the Divine Demon and bowed slightly. "Young Master seems to be someone fated with us. We do not dare to defy Aunt Hu's arrangements. If Young Master is willing, you can cultivate this book with us?" "Sister." Little Qing hurriedly said, "How can we do that?"

"Just now, Aunt Hu's remnant will helped us drive away the enemy and then placed the Book of the Divine Demon in Young Master's hands. From this, it can be seen that Young Master is fated with us. We cannot defy Aunt Hu's will." The white snake shook her head and used her gaze to stop Little Qing's objection.

"That's good." Little Qing was extremely unwilling.

"Thank you, Fairies."

Gu Chensha did not covet the cultivation technique of the Book of the Divine Demon. He only wanted to find out what the Nest of 10,000 Dragons and the Great Spirit God behind Gu Tanjian was planning in Wuzhou City through various clues.