Chapter 995
===========

In just one second, he had memorized the wonderful pop-up window. This is a wonderful free reading without a pop-up window! Chapter 992: A World

Fa Wuxian devoured the Emperor of Earthly Realm, an entity with immense destiny. Then he devoured the Yama Kings of the underworld, the Zhudou Yin Deities, Ox-Head, Horse-Face, Judges of Death, Anitya, and others. Granny Meng. All of them were sucked into his stomach. In fact, the entire underworld was filled with his power.

The entire Underworld was a supreme treasure second only to the Heavenly Court. All these years, the Earthly Sovereign had painstakingly built it up. He wanted to be independent and become the Earth Ancestor. As long as he reached the Heaven Realm, he would leave the Heavenly Court and establish his own business.

But just as he was about to reach the Heaven Realm, Fa Wuxian appeared and took the opportunity to refine this person.

"Underworld, reincarnation." Rumble!

Fa Wuxian activated the power of his Heaven Realm. This power trembled, changed, shook, and directly enveloped the Underworld.

Then, under this power, the Underworld began to collapse and dissolve. Finally, the Underworld was in a state of collapse and turned into a sticky liquid.

The Underworld was divided into many spaces. It was once the Bottomless Demonic Domain of the Heaven Realm. No one knew how many layers there were in the Demonic Domain, and each layer was vast and boundless.

There were countless demons in it. After the Earthly Sovereign was born, these demons became the resources for the growth of the Underworld.

After the Underworld was formed, it also formed a concept of reincarnation in the human world. Capturing souls and judging them for reincarnation. Over time, it created a kind of faith and worship.

In this way, the power of worship condensed, causing the Underworld to expand again. It increased the cultivation of the Earthly Sovereign by a lot. Unfortunately, all of it became a gift for Fa Wuxian. Crack!

The Underworld finally melted and turned into a liquid. It turned into a long river and flowed through the Heaven Realm in Fa Wuxian's body.

After obtaining this long river, Fa Wuxian's Heaven Realm grew at a speed that could be seen with the naked eye.

The gods of the Underworld, the countless living beings, the countless ghosts, all became his resources.

"Reincarnation system, born!"

Fa Wuxian fled into the space-time turbulence, found a secret location, and began to operate the Celestial Realm inside of him. As it wriggled, the Earthly Emperor and the other experts of the Underworld began to transform, becoming a huge data system. This system stabilized in Fa Wuxian's Celestial Realm. This was the Reincarnation System.

Fa Wuxian had devoured the Yin Yang System, the Five Elements System, and the Eight Trigrams System. Now, he had devoured the experts of the Underworld and the Earthly Sovereign to form the Reincarnation System. Then, these systems revolved in the Heaven Realm within his body, gradually merging together.

In the Heaven Realm within his body, there were no living beings at all. It was different from the other Heaven Realms.

Originally, if an extreme expert cultivated to the Heavenly Realm, they would have to painstakingly manage their own Heavenly Realm. They would have to create countless living beings in the Heavenly Realm and raise them. They would have to sincerely worship and enrich the Heavenly Realm. Then, they would have to make the Heavenly Realm orderly. This was the same as managing the Minor Thousand Realms, Medium Thousand Realms, and Great Thousand Realms.

However, managing the Heavenly Realm was extremely difficult. It was hundreds of trillions of times more complicated than the Great Thousand Realms.

Moreover, along with the management of the Heavenly Realm, when it reached its limit, it would be able to evolve a trace of the Heavenly Way's power. With the Heavenly Way's power, when fighting against others, one's skill would definitely be a notch higher.

Finally, if the Heavenly Realm was managed well, one would be able to advance to the Heavenly Way's realm.

This was also calculated by Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra. Gradually, it spread to the Human Realm, causing many experts to understand this principle of cultivation. If it wasn't for Gu Chensha, not to mention reaching the Heavenly Realm, it would be impossible for people to reach the Heavenly Primordial Realm. At the very most, it would be the Heavenly Longevity Realm.

However, Gu Chensha appeared out of nowhere and spread the Dragonless Heart Sutra to every big space and every world in the universe. Many people learned the Dragonless Heart Sutra and comprehended their own principles. Then, they advanced to a very high realm. Even the Emperor Of Heaven reached the eighth level of the Immortal Realm because of cultivating the Dragonless Heart Sutra. If it wasn't for the Dragonless Heart Sutra, the Emperor Of Heaven wouldn't have been able to reach this realm. Therefore, Gu Chensha had always been opening up a path for people to cultivate. Even the Emperor Of Heaven had to walk the path he opened up. If Gu Taxian was still here, he would probably also praise his son for being so powerful.

Ever since Gu Chensha comprehended the tenth level of the Immortal Realm, "Without Being and Without Immortality", although he didn't cultivate it successfully, he had already surpassed Gu Taxian in terms of theory, let alone the Heavenly Way. Right now, he himself was in the Heavenly Way's realm.

He could advance to the ninth level of the Immortal Realm, "Without Immortality", at any time. However, he was still lacking some experience. When the time was right, success was just around the corner.

At this moment, Fa Wuxian was transforming. His cultivation was getting stronger and stronger. He was hiding in a node of the space-time turbulence, thinking that no one could find him. However, all his changes were clearly displayed in the River of Fate, and Gu Chensha could see them clearly.

"This Fa Wuxian has absorbed many systems. Now, he has absorbed the Underworld and cultivated the Reincarnation System. Then, he will combine the Yin Yang System, the Five Elements System, and the Eight Trigrams System together with the Reincarnation System to form the Devouring System. This means that he has his own principles and wants to get rid of my control. However, this is just wishful thinking." Gu Chensha obtained a lot of data and experience from Fa Wuxian's changes.

These data and experience were slowly integrated into the Dragonless Heart Sutra, making the Dragonless Heart Sutra more abundant. An extremely strong devouring power emerged from Fa Wuxian's body. The entire Heaven Realm in Fa Wuxian's body had become a system, and that was the Devouring System.

"Hahaha …" Fa Wuxian suddenly stood up. "After people cultivate the Heaven Realm, they painstakingly try to comprehend the Heavenly Way's power and reach the Heavenly Way's realm. Unfortunately, this is just sticking to the rules, and it is useless.

I have turned my Heaven Realm into the Devouring System. Everything is being devoured. Devouring, destruction, and creation are all within my body. I am the one who can surpass everything. After all, I, the Devouring Ancestor, am invincible. " As he spoke, his body moved, and he returned to the Human World.

At this moment, the Immortal World, Demon World, Immortal World, and Demon World had all descended and merged with the Human World.

Now, apart from the Heavenly Court, all the other worlds had merged with the Human World. In the entire universe, there was only one world, and that was the Human World.

"Not good …" The Lord of the Immortal World, Jiang Chuan, had been controlling the Immortal World and cultivating. He also wanted to cultivate to the Heaven Realm and become a Celestial Ancestor. However, the moment the Immortal World and the Human World merged, a huge devouring power swept over, and he was directly devoured. Then, he saw Fa Wuxian's face.

"Fa Wuxian, it's you." Before dying, he did not dare to believe it.

"Since I am called Fa Wuxian, there is no Celestial. As the Lord of the Immortal World, you were naturally devoured by me. It is a pity that I was unable to devour the Immortal World and merge it with the Human World. Jiang Chuan, you were originally Gu Chensha's subordinate. If you had not betrayed Gu Chensha, you would not have died.

"It is a pity that you were short-sighted and could not see people clearly. You followed some Emperor Heaven and ended up like this." Fa Wuxian devoured the Lord of the Immortal World, Jiang Chuan, and even some other people.

After devouring Jiang Chuan, Fa Wuxian looked at some other places. "I want to devour the Maha God, The Great Spirit God, and Hua Yao Sha, but there is no rush. I should attack Gu Chensha's subordinates. Gu Chensha's subordinates, Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, and even Lou Baiyue, will be devoured by me.

Of course, the one I want to devour the most is the Dharma Saint. I am from the Dharma Saint and have countless connections with the Dharma Saint. The Dharma Saint is my ancestor. If I devour the Dharma Saint, I can incorporate the true essence of Law into the Dao of Devouring. The Dharma Saint is now Spell Ancestor. If I fight him face to face, it will be difficult to devour him, but my cultivation should be above his. "

In an instant, Fa Wuxian returned to the court. On the surface, he was still Zhang Yi Ren's subordinate.

"The world has changed. The Heavenly Court has fallen. The Divine World has merged with the Human World. Many Gods have dispersed." The Great Spirit God was trembling.

His cultivation was still at the Sky Origin Realm. Although he had made progress over the years, he had not reached the Heavenly Realm. He had not even reached the seventh level of the Immortal Realm. After so many years of hard work, he had only reached the sixth level of the Immortal Realm.

Seeing many experts surpass him in comprehension, the Mighty Miracle God was very anxious in his heart.

But there was nothing he could do. In the past, he had benefited from everywhere and dominated the world. But now, he was completely lost. This made him think about how to improve his cultivation.

"Do I have to wait for an opportunity? Wait for an opportunity for the Emperor Of Heaven to change?" At this moment.

In the Heavenly Court, it was cold and quiet. There was no longer the bustling scene of the past where immortals gathered.

The Emperor Of Heaven was still sitting on the throne. No one knew what he was thinking. At this moment, Master of Sun Moon Hua Mingsha walked over. "Your Majesty, the Divine World, Immortal World, Demon World, and Monster World have all been pulled into the Human World by a force. The Underworld has disappeared. The Earthly Sovereign is also missing.

Now, the Heavenly Court's forces have been almost wiped out. Even some Heavenly Kings have left their posts. The Heavenly Court is no longer the Heavenly Court. What should we do? " "Easy. You go down too. The Heavenly Court does not need any Immortal Officials."

The Emperor Of Heaven said. "One more thing. The Divine World, Immortal World, Demon World, Monster World, and the Underworld are all driven by Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha merged his Eternal World with the Human World. From now on, there is only one world, the Human World.

But the Underworld and the Earthly Sovereign have been devoured by Fa Wuxian. Be careful of him. He can be used. After all, he is Gu Chensha's enemy. "