Chapter 1121
============

Fight

"That's right, we have to fight."

At this moment, Wang Dong suddenly said, "Even if we reach a higher realm, there's no use. Furthermore, there's no use in fighting each other now."

"Indeed, everyone has a limit on their lifespan, and we all want to break the shackles above our heads, so there's less scheming."

Gu Chen said, "But I've reached the Supreme Immortal level. Even with everyone's wisdom, we can't find a way to fight against Gu Chensha. I feel that if we do anything strange and break Gu Chensha's rule, he'll come out and kill us without hesitation. The reason we're not doing anything now is because we're no threat to him."

"Indeed. We have to find a way to combine our fate. At the very least, we can't let him kill us." Qu Chen said.

"You're right. But with your current strength, even though you have thirty-six Supreme Immortals, trying to deal with Gu Chensha is like an ant trying to shake a tree. You're overestimating yourselves."

Just at this moment, a ripple descended and a person appeared. This person was dressed in green robes. Shockingly, it was Zhou Qin.

Zhou Qin didn't waste any energy to descend into this' Immortal World '. The world's origin didn't even warn him. It was completely silent.

Qu Chen was shocked. He thought he could fight to a draw with these people, but now it seemed that Zhou Qin's group was unfathomable.

Qu Chen knew he had a lifespan of tens of billions, standing at the peak of the Supreme Immortal level. But he sensed Zhou Qin's aura. This person's lifespan was probably over a hundred billion.

But even this person couldn't escape from Gu Chensha's control. He still had his own lifespan. How strong was Gu Chensha? Thinking of this, Qu Chen could not help but feel despair.

"Zhou Qin, what are you doing here?"

Seeing Zhou Qin, almost all the Supreme Immortal Realm experts stood up and prepared for battle. In the past one hundred thousand years, Zhou Qin's name had spread to many places in the multiverse. This man was invincible, and had done many shocking things. There were even some Supreme Immortal Realm experts who had conflicts with him, and he had directly killed and refined them, leaving not even their bones behind. His ferocious aura spread to every corner of this space.

"I'm here to congratulate you. You've upgraded the Deathless World. Henceforth, there will be a fourth Boundless, Boundless Universe, and your strength will increase dramatically."

Zhou Qin smiled. "But I think we should have a chance to cooperate. You still don't know how to deal with Gu Chensha, right?" "Could it be that you know of Gu Chensha's weakness? You know how to deal with him? "

Hearing this, all the Supreme Immortal Realm experts pricked up their ears, hoping to hear something from Zhou Qin. They had studied for countless years, but still couldn't find a way to deal with Gu Chensha. In front of him, Gu Chensha had no flaws. He was mysterious, powerful, and invincible.

"Of course, Gu Chensha doesn't have any flaws in front of you. However, in front of me, he has many flaws. But flaws are flaws. Whether or not I can catch them is still a problem. I'll tell you his flaws now. I just want you to cooperate with me. Let's kill or suppress him together. "Zhou Qin smiled.

"What's his flaw?" Wang Dong hurriedly asked.

"I'll tell you my flaw first. It's Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, and the others. If we find an opportunity to capture them, we can use them to threaten Gu Chensha. That's not a bad choice," Zhou Qin said.

"What kind of flaw is that?"

Qu Chen sneered. "Let's not talk about how strong Lou Baiyue and the others are. We can't capture them. Even if we do, do you think Gu Chensha won't know?

Gu Chensha's strength can limit our lifespan and toy with us. Can't he just strip us of our lifespan? I'm afraid that if we attack Lou Baiyue and the others, we'll be killed by him.

Moreover, even if we seize the opportunity and capture Lou Baiyue and the others, can we force Gu Chensha to commit suicide? Will he take his own life for these people? That's just a joke. "

"Of course he won't take his own life for these people. In fact, he can't do it even if he wants to. In this world, there's nothing that can kill him, not even himself."

Zhou Qin said, "Of course, if we capture Lou Baiyue, we can force him to hand over some 'Immortal' modules. This will increase our strength, and we'll be able to get rid of this lifespan limit." "This plan won't work."

Qu Chen immediately rejected it. "It's not wise to provoke Gu Chensha now. He's already an omniscient existence. I suspect that he knows everything we're talking about here." "Yes, he does know."

Zhou Qin's words caused everyone's expressions to change. However, he changed the topic. "But I'm not to be trifled with. I've already used a secret technique to make him temporarily forget that we're not here. However, this secret technique consumes one's own lifespan. That's the price. One more thing. Next, I'm going to talk about Gu Chensha's greatest weakness. Listen up. " "What exactly is it?"

Qu Chen's heart was in his throat. He felt like he was about to suffocate. What was coming next would definitely be an earth-shattering secret.

"It's our virtual interface," Zhou Qin said.

"What kind of flaw is that?" Everyone was discouraged.

"No, have you all realized? Our virtual interface can be traded and communicated with each other. It pervades the entire multiverse. In the sea of consciousness of every living being, there's such a virtual interface. It's very obvious that Gu Chensha is creating a network, a network that pervades the hearts of all living beings."

Zhou Qin said, "Just like when Gu Chensha created the new world back then, the new world he created was a place that all living beings yearned for. But what happened after that?

The new world gave birth to its own will. It was unwilling to be manipulated by Gu Chensha, so it began to become independent and resist Gu Chensha's rule. Similarly, our interface is a huge network. It will also give birth to its own will and life, as well as the hearts of countless living beings who are unwilling to have their lifespan limited and pursue longevity. When these forces are gathered, it becomes a huge force that can subvert everything. " "That's right. That makes sense."

Everyone was extremely intelligent. They could already understand the workings of the Heavenly Dao and the vicissitudes of the human world. They immediately grasped the essence. Wang Dong said, "Actually, I've also thought of this. These interfaces that Gu Chensha created are connected to a huge network. This network is the largest network in history. It's countless times larger than the old and new worlds, as well as our world with no lifespan. It encompasses all living beings, and there are no loopholes.

However, this is definitely a hidden danger. Gu Chensha has created an existence that he can't control. Just like that, we can use it. However, how exactly we use it is still a difficult problem. We've studied it for a long time, but we haven't found any clues at all. It seems like you have a clue? "

"Of course. Otherwise, I wouldn't have come to find you." Zhou Qin said, "First of all, we have to talk about lifespan.

What we need to do is to use our lifespan to forge a sharp weapon, a weapon that can seriously injure Gu Chensha. Your Lifespan Universe has done a good job. The two words' lifespan 'represent the yearning of all living beings for eternal life. However, this isn't enough. We need to use this Lifespan Universe to kill Gu Chensha.

First, we need to spread a kind of truth. We need to make all living beings believe that at the most critical moment, they can break through their shackles and obtain eternal life by sacrificing their lifespan together. " "Sacrifice?" Qu Chen was shocked.

"That's right. Sacrifice. I'm sacrificing my lifespan right now."

A mysterious smile appeared on Zhou Qin's face. "Have you realized that sacrificing this lifespan can release a lot of power?

I've even blocked off Gu Chensha's senses. There are many functions in this interface that you haven't discovered yet. These functions all contain huge opportunities. "

Even as he spoke, Zhou Qin produced a paper talisman for everyone to see, which revealed many secrets. As soon as they looked at it, they realized many things.

"So that's how it is. This interface really is an auxiliary soul evolver. As long as we want to die together with our enemies, we can sacrifice our lifespan to gain immense power, and all sorts of other abilities." Many of the Imperishable experts were able to sense many things from the information they had just received.

"Let me tell you something. Gu Chensha didn't create this thing to limit the lifespan of all living beings, but rather, to increase the speed at which they can evolve."

Zhou Qin sighed. "Look at the life sacrifice function on the interface. In other words, even the weaklings will have the ability to fight with their lives on the line, much less the likes of us.

However, that's one of Gu Chensha's weaknesses. Think about it. If all living beings in heaven and earth fought Gu Chensha with their lives on the line, would he still be able to live freely? "

"That makes sense," Qu Chen said after a moment of thought. "I never would have guessed that the interface could be used in such a way.

We've always been afraid of the interface, so we haven't done much research on it. We've only focused on improving our own power. But now it seems that we can use the interface to improve our own power. In fact, we might even be able to peer into Gu Chensha's abilities.

"In that case, let's begin our plan. In addition to that, we'll need to contact other experts to carry out our plan.

Everyone, success or failure hinges on this. If we work together, we'll definitely be able to suppress Gu Chensha, and usher in a new era. " "This is getting interesting."

Gu Chensha looked around at the meeting area, and realized that he couldn't sense anything. Smiling, he said, "You're already beginning to gain enlightenment of the secrets I gave you? Very good. Keep up the good work."