Chapter 171
===========

"Cycle over and over again, heaven and earth complete, break through perfection, jump out of the three realms, this is the Dao of Buzhou."

Gu Chensha studied the Fengshui of Buzhou Palace here, combining it with martial arts and comprehending it. To him, this was the most valuable.

The Fengshui structure here taught him a lesson. Observing the changes here, he combined it with the many books he read and what he learned from Bao Ming 'er, Luo Wu, and the other orthodox Xuanmen disciples. Thinking and comprehending, he gained deeper wisdom.

Moreover, the Buzhou Palace's aura combined with his Son of Heaven God Investiture Art, enlightening him on Sun and Moon Refinement.

"That's right. You cultivate the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art, and the Emperor of Great Zhou also cultivates the same. To think that you would be able to comprehend martial arts just by looking at the diagram of the palace and benefit greatly." Lou Baiyue was very impressed with his actions.

She didn't comprehend it. Her Great Massacre God Art didn't fit in here. But she didn't stay idle either. She activated the Vast Thousand Mirror and shone it everywhere, trying to find some clues here.

She converted her astral energy to execute the Dao of the Grand Celestial Realm of the Void. She channeled this Innate astral energy into the Vast Thousand Mirror, causing it to shoot out a layer of light brilliance that was several thousand zhang long. It could penetrate through some buildings and see the changes within. The Great Massacre God Art's Stellar Energy seemed to be able to imitate any martial arts.

She shone it everywhere and didn't find anything at first. But as the light penetrated, it seemed that there was some kind of divine power in the depths of Buzhou Palace that was being activated by the Vast Thousand Mirror.

Suddenly, a palace was shone by the light, and some formation seemed to be activated. It also shone with light, resonating with each other. Then the palace door opened with a click.

"Wow, I can actually open the Reverence Hall!"

Lou Baiyue didn't go deep inside. Instead, she shone the light again to see what was inside the hall. She wouldn't enter rashly.

After looking for a while, she realized that this hall was the hall where Son of Heaven "Zhou" worshipped Son of Heaven "Xu", the Reverence Hall.

The ancient Son of Heaven system was abdication. Xu gave the position to Zhou, and according to etiquette, Zhou had to worship Xu as his ancestor.

The Vast Thousand Mirror in Lou Baiyue's hands was the treasure of the ancient Son of Heaven, 'Xu'. In addition, Lou Baiyue herself cultivated the Dao of the Grand Firmament of the Void, so she believed that she was the successor of the ancient Son of Heaven, 'Xu'. Therefore, she opened the Reverence Hall.

"True Qi takes form."

Lou Baiyue's body moved, and a humanoid figure that looked similar to her appeared. It was actually formed from Innate Earth Energy, and the space between its eyebrows was exactly the same as hers.

This Xiantian Energy turning into a human form was at least at Dao Realm Transformation 10, 11, or even 12.

Such a humanoid Innate Stellar Energy required an extremely exquisite circulation and control, as well as an incomparably powerful mind. Dao Realm Nine Transformations couldn't be done but Lou Baiyue did it so easily.

That humanoid Innate Stellar Energy charged into the Reverence Hall. There seemed to be many formations flashing in the depths of the hall. They were beautiful and dangerous, causing her humanoid Innate Stellar Energy to collapse right away.

If it was someone else, even if it was Fa Wuxian, if all the Innate Gang Qi in his body was turned into a human form and was destroyed, it would consume a lot of energy. However, Lou Baiyue, who had mastered the Grand Massacre Divine Technique, seemed to be fine. With another movement, a new humanoid Innate Gang Qi was formed.

That new humanoid Innate Stellar Energy charged into the Reverence Hall once more. A moment later, it was activated by the formations and was destroyed once more. Just like that, Lou Baiyue formed more and more humanoid Innate Stellar Energy and charged in.

It seemed to prove that the Great Massacre God Technique was invincible. She formed hundreds of humanoid Innate Stellar Energy and finally understood the structure of the formation in the Reverence Hall.

"Three in one."

Lou Baiyue stepped on the Astral Steps in the air and performed the Great Massacre God Technique again. This time, three different humanoid Astral Qis were formed. One of them was cold and emotionless, one was smiling and benevolent, and the last one was enigmatic.

The three of them flew in at the same time. After searching for a while, they flew back and brought back a few items.

There was a flag and a palm-sized dragon boat. Who knew how many runes were carved on it? The dragon boat shook its head and tail like it was going to ride the wind at any moment.

Apart from that, there was also a large purple-gold gourd. It was three feet tall, and it was rumbling inside. It was unknown what was inside.

"What a treasure."

Lou Baiyue smiled and said, "They are both ancient immortal artifacts. The name of this flag is' Ten Thousand Miles Flying Cloud '. Depending on the level of your cultivation base, when you activate this flag, your speed can be increased by several times, up to a thousand times.

This dragon boat is called the Black Vast Dragon Boat. It is really powerful. It can turn into a huge divine boat and float in the air. It was the ancient emperor's ride when he traveled the world. This is different. I can't activate it with my Innate Stellar Energy. This purple gourd is a spatial artifact called the Sea Carrying Gourd. It has its own space. Although it can't contain an ocean, it can still store a few ponds' worth of liquid. "

She then opened the gourd and the fragrance inside filled her nostrils, "Wow, it really is Heavenly Dew. The ancient emperors really liked to store Heavenly Dew. There are at least five thousand kilograms of Heavenly Dew in here."

Gu Chensha heard all of this but didn't reply. Instead, he continued to meditate. He tried to comprehend the entire palace and kept drawing in his mind. Gradually, he visualized the appearance of Buzhou Palace. Rumble! When he visualized to the extreme, the image of Buzhou Palace suddenly exploded in his mind.

And Gu Chensha's Emperor's God Investiture Art was circulating at high speed. His body emitted a five-colored light, which had the aura of the ancient emperors.

The aura of the Emperor's God Investiture Art on his body reached the extreme. Instantly, it triggered the aura hidden in the depths of Buzhou Palace. In the center of the palace, another divine light appeared. This divine light shot into Gu Chensha's mind.

Instantly, a huge person appeared in the depths of his mind. This person had a kind face and a dignified aura. Although he wasn't as good as the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, he had a different kind of demeanor.

"Ancient Emperor Zhou!" Gu Chensha recognized him.

This ancient Emperor Zhou's figure appeared in his mind and displayed a set of martial arts. All kinds of chants and mantras flowed in his mind.

"Buzhou Divine Fist!"

A set of divine fist with the power to pick up mountains and rivers was imparted to him just like that. This was Emperor Zhou's ultimate art, Buzhou Divine Fist. After imparting a set of Ethereal Divine Fist, the silhouette disappeared. It came quickly and left quickly. Only then did Gu Chensha open his eyes.

"You actually received the teachings left behind by Emperor Zhou?" Lou Baiyue said, "It seems like you've learned the Dao of Buzhou?"

"That's right, but I don't lack cultivation techniques." Gu Chensha pondered, "This set of fist art is very profound. It's impossible for me to comprehend it in a short period of time."

"The Dao of Buzhou is no small matter. If you cultivate it, you might be able to use this fist art to conquer the entire Buzhou Palace."

Lou Baiyue stuffed the huge gourd over, "There are tens of thousands of catties of heavenly dew in here. It should be enough to compensate for your loss. There's also the 10,000 Li Soaring Cloud Banner and the Profound Sky Dragon Boat. Which treasure do you want? I can give you one." "There's no need for that."

Gu Chensha took the gourd, "I won't be able to use these two treasures anyway. I'll give them to you. I'm not a greedy person, but I thank you for the heavenly dew. It's too wasteful to use it directly. If I drink it and transform it into the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood, the effect will be much stronger than the heavenly dew."

"That's fine. But if you need treasures, you can get them from me anytime." Lou Baiyue kept the two treasures, "Let's go back." "Go back? We're not going to explore anymore? "Gu Chensha was a little surprised.

"We've almost explored this place. With our luck and strength, this is all we can get.

If we stay here for too long, I'm afraid that stronger existences will come. Li Wangsheng definitely won't let this go. Let's go back and rest, then wait for an opportunity. "

Lou Baiyue said, "Let's go back and call The Fourth. He should be of help. His Majesty asked us to help each other. We shouldn't abandon him." "It's not good for Fourth Brother to know my secret." Gu Chensha was very careful.

"Of course."

Lou Baiyue's expression was solemn, "The fewer people who know about your secret, the better. This is not a small matter. It must not be exposed." "Then let's go."

Gu Chensha also knew that the entire Bu Zhou Palace was hard to swallow. This time, they obtained three treasures, tens of thousands of kilograms of Heavenly Dew. It was already more than the harvest from the Chaotic World Demonic Ape Temple.

Not to mention the other treasures, the Ten Thousand Miles Soaring Cloud Flag and the Xuan Hao Dragon Boat, these two treasures probably surpassed the treasures of the 72 Ancient Mysterious Gates.

The two left the Bu Zhou Palace. They didn't kill any skeletons. Soon, they flew out of the mountain shrouded in clouds and mist.

Then, Lou Baiyue suddenly activated the Ten Thousand Miles Soaring Cloud Flag that she had just obtained. Innate Gang Qi was inserted into it. The flag immediately unfolded and wrapped the two together. They disappeared. After a dozen breaths, the two actually landed in Lou Baiyue's fief. This speed was almost as fast as tearing through space.

"This flag is really invincible." Gu Chensha's expression changed, "If we have this flag, who can catch up to us when we escape?" "Why are you always thinking about escaping?"

Lou Baiyue smiled, "This flag increases our speed. When we fight, we will have an advantage. If I fight with Li Wangsheng now, he probably won't even be able to touch the corner of my clothes." "What should we do next?"

Gu Chensha said, "We still have to make arrangements for the Bu Zhou Palace. Otherwise, if Li Wangsheng, Heng Budong, and the others get there first, there will be a disaster."

"I already have an idea about this. I will make the water muddy …" Lou Baiyue's gaze was deep, "The Heng Family is two-faced. It won't be easy to swallow this fat piece of meat. I will leak the news and let the Legalism, Fan, Lei Family, and other Sage Families know. There are also some Immortal Dao Sects involved. What do you think will happen?"

"Fish in troubled waters?" Gu Chensha nodded, "That way, we will have a great chance to hide in the back and catch the fish." "Right."

Lou Baiyue stared at Gu Chensha, "Go back and prepare. I will go into secluded meditation to digest the benefits I got from you and also the experience from the battle with Li Wangsheng. I hope that my cultivation will improve. I think you should go into secluded meditation too. If you can break through to Dao Realm Transformation Six and refine energy to Astral Energy, then our chances will be much higher." "I have to cultivate Xiantian Astral Energy." Gu Chensha also wanted to comprehend the Bu Zhou Dao.

"Next time we move together, I will send you a letter right away." Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha said goodbye. With a leap, Gu Chensha left the place and rushed back to his fief.