Chapter 369
===========

Jing Qiu used the Myrtle Imperial Star to escape the seal. This disrupted some of the Department of Tranquility's plans and left a hidden danger.

If this undying body of the Venerable Dao Realm expert of the 25th Transformation went all out and assassinated him, it would be very difficult. Even the Life's Wish sphere wouldn't be able to take care of it. Jing Qiu couldn't be compared to Jing Fanxing.

Zhuge Ya would naturally know that Jing Fanxing had sent a magic avatar to assassinate him. He would then use the power of the Life's Wish sphere to sweep the avatar away and use it as nourishment.

Jing Qiu could use the Myrtle Imperial Star to break the seal, giving him the ability to kill before the sphere was activated. Zhuge Ya had to think of another way to deal with this.

He had revealed some secrets to Wu Dangkong to greatly intimidate Wu Dangkong. He wanted to let this woman know that it wasn't her destiny, but that the Heavenly Dao had been distorted. As expected, Wu Dangkong fell into deep thought.

"Mister Zhuge, since that's the case, I'll take my leave.

From now on, our Wu family will have no contact with the Jing family. "Wu Dangkong expressed her stance. She was extremely wary of Zhuge Ya.

"Farewell, Your Highness." Zhuge Ya watched Wu Dangkong leave, then disappeared in a flash.

Gu Chensha also returned to the Life's Wish sphere. He could leave the Jing Province matter to his subordinates.

In any case, Jing Qiu had already been defeated, Jing Fanxing's magic power and bloodline had been destroyed, and all the treasures in the Jing family's secret camps had been swept away by the Department of Tranquility. Even if Jing Qiu returned, the losses wouldn't be too great. At this time, Gu Chensha felt that he had to make a plan to get rid of Jing Qiu.

In the center of the Primordial World inside the Life's Wish sphere, the Touch of Ghost-God tree had already covered a radius of several hundred kilometers. Its roots had seeped into many corners of the ground, stabilizing the earth.

The twenty-eight evil spirits formed in the tree were wrapped in the giant star egg, evolving into the appearances of the twenty-eight Fey Celestial Sovereigns.

After absorbing all of Jing Fanxing's magic power, the Touch of Ghost-God tree had accelerated its evolution under the nourishment of the Wutu Great Virtue Flag.

"It's a pity that we couldn't take down Jing Qiu. His magic power is more than a hundred times greater than Jing Fanxing's.

Fuse him with the Touch of the Demon and God, and the tree will immediately evolve into a Heavenly Demon Tree. When that happens, it will be extraordinary. "Zhuge Ya stood under the tree and sighed.

"Mr. Zhuge, Jing Qiu can't refine the Myrtle Imperial Star in such a hurry, right?"

Lou Baiyue also knew everything. "He used the Myrtle Imperial Star as a Dharma treasure and cultivated bitterly. Although he broke our seal, he must have consumed a lot of energy, right?" "He doesn't have time to do evil for now."

Zhuge Ya nodded. "He engraved his magic power into the Myrtle Imperial Star's profound mysteries in an attempt to refine it over time. To do so, he accumulated a lot of power in the Myrtle Imperial Star and was reluctant to take it out. It was only when I forced him into a corner that he took it out.

But in this case, his refinement of the Myrtle Imperial Star's mysteries would be for naught, and he would have to start all over again.

Unfortunately, it's the same for me. I've only managed to sense the power of the World Burying Coffin after accumulating it for a very long time. I've only managed to use it once, but it's much more difficult to use it again. "

"It's a good thing that we managed to recoup our losses with interest. This time, we've reaped a bountiful harvest."

Jin Suibo revolved his body, and a scene of the universe appeared above his head. The five stars were aligned, rotating and circulating with each other, representing Jin Suibo's perfection.

Jin Suibo had also obtained the five major bloodlines, which he fused into his own spiritual power. Now that his Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth level was even more complete, he began to think about breaking through to the 23 transformations, Past Reflection.

However, this realm involved time. From ancient times until now, the most profound secret of time was not to reverse time, but to use magic power to see and sense. Reversing time and returning to the past was something that not even the three great Empyreans could do.

The past was the foundation of the present, and if one could truly go back to the past, then the foundation of the present would be destroyed. It was the same as having the power to cause the universe to return to chaos. Who knew how unbelievably strong that power would be?

The 23 transformations, Past Reflection, and the 24 transformations, Future Reflection, meant comprehending the secret of time.

Such usage of magic power was far from what the 22 transformations, Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth could compare to.

With the same talent, the 22 transformations would be crushed by the 23 transformations. The usage of magic power was on a completely different level.

For example, if the 22 transformations, Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth, was a wooden sword, then the 23 transformations, Past Reflection, would be a black iron sword. If one touched it, it would instantly break.

The nature of time wasn't simple and comprehending it had a huge risk. If one wasn't careful, one's will would be lost in the river of time. One would lose control of one's magic power and explode into dust.

After one cultivated magic power, one would be like a giant barrel of gunpowder. If one lost control, one's magic power would explode and one's soul would be destroyed.

The higher one's cultivation, the more one would be walking on thin ice. One had to control one's strength well, otherwise, one would definitely die.

This was a rule. There wasn't a situation where the stronger one was, the safer and more relaxed one would be. The gains and losses of the Dao were all within this.

In the past, Gu Chensha could kill enemies seven to eight realms higher than him, but now he felt that killing the 22 transformations, Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth, was his limit. It would be tough for him to deal with experts at the 23 transformations, Past Reflection.

Of course, he was at the 19 transformations, Size Manipulation, and he hadn't cultivated magic power. If he cultivated to the 20 transformations, then things would be totally different. But, Gu Chensha still needed to accumulate for a period of time, so he wasn't in a rush.

He would raise his Golden Pellet and body to a higher level. When he trained, he would be able to control it as he wished.

The stronger one was, the more precise one would have to be. Gu Chensha didn't want to learn from Jing Fanxing and rush things. He wanted to forcefully raise his cultivation, which would lead to many problems.

If he used the power of the Common People's Wish ball, he could forcefully break through and merge his Golden Pellet and body together, turning it into magic power. But that would be bad for his future comprehension.

Originally, Gu Chensha was training in the Demon Region and wanted to accumulate a lot before breaking through to Golden Pellet. But he was assassinated and after Zhuge Ya tricked Wu Dangkong into performing a ceremony, he broke through. But even then, his foundations weren't stable and it was a little weak. He knew that he had to do his best to strengthen it now.

Moreover, he had a deeper understanding of the Dao of Divergent after these days of comprehension, so he wasn't in a hurry.

"Jing Qiu is a huge unstable factor."

Lou Baiyue's cultivation had also improved greatly. She had also obtained the bloodlines of North Star, Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise. They circulated in her body and she began to cultivate and comprehend further.

"Jing Qiu has failed this time. Not only does he have to hide and lick his wounds, he also has to guard against some things. After all, it's not that easy to take the things of those big shots behind him."

Zhuge Ya thought of many new strategies. "I think there's someone who will be very interested in Jing Qiu. We just have to keep an eye on him in the dark. Maybe we can get some benefits." "Who?" The Fourth asked.

"Fa Wuxian."

Zhuge Ya spat out three words, "This man has the aptitude of a born Sage. He was originally the most outstanding one among the younger generation in the Divine Land. Unfortunately, since I was born, he has lost his brilliance and has hidden himself. I don't know what he is preparing. In fact, this man has always wanted to kill me, but he is not sure.

He had not appeared this year because he was comprehending a secret technique. Then, he would search for treasures outside in an attempt to amaze the world with a single brilliant feat.

This was his best chance. If he could assassinate Jing Qiu and take the Myrtle Imperial Star, he would be able to do so. You'll have the capital to contend against me. " "Fa Wuxian shouldn't be able to do anything to Jing Qiu."

Gu Chensha asked, "If I am right, Fa Wuxian's cultivation is at Dao Realm 22. He might be comprehending the secrets of time."

Even a Saint wouldn't be able to comprehend the secrets of time. One had to comprehend the changes in the world, such as birth, sickness, and death.

Cultivating in the mountains was very difficult to comprehend because there was no sense of time in the mountains. Even if it had been a hundred or two hundred years, the scenery would still be the same. But in the human world, a mere ten years could completely change the scenery.

This was why in ancient times, after many Celestials cultivated to the 22 transformations of Dao Realm, they would come to the human world and leave behind many legends. For example, there were many records of Celestials playing in the human world, turning stone into gold, turning into animals, mountains, and using spells to play with evil people and bullies. Sometimes, Celestials would even enter the court to explain the Dao to the Emperor. All of this was to comprehend the secrets of time.

In just a few decades, the world of mortals had changed. Things remained the same, but people had changed. Time changed so quickly that it was inconceivable. Therefore, even the ancient human sages gained enlightenment in the world of mortals. They passed down their ancestral teachings that the members of their families must live in the world of mortals and protect the human race. This was also the reason why many Saint families lived in the human world.

Fa Wuxian was still young. Even if he was a Saint, he would need some time to comprehend the secrets of time.

"Fa Wuxian will definitely find Jing Qiu."

Zhuge Ya said, "King Chen, we will have to rely on you to capture Jing Qiu. Your mission is to keep a close eye on Jing Qiu and see what he can do." "This is really dangerous. Chensha isn't Jing Qiu's match." Lou Baiyue said.