Chapter 526
===========

"Once the Martial Saint's talisman is activated, even a Martial Emperor would find it hard to escape. However, don't use it unless you're in a dire situation. If you don't use it after this is over, you'll have to return it to the clan."

King Wu Yu warned, "Every talisman created by the Martial Saint has world-shaking power. Over the past few thousand years, our Wu Clan has been using them less and less. This is the foundation of our sect. We need to save as much as we can."

"We might as well use our power to pour world power into the seven divine swords and carve the talismans. That way, he'll be able to use them multiple times," Wu Dakui said.

"That's fine!"

The nine God rank antiques joined forces, and Gu Chensha's Thundercleaver Sword flew up as well. The seven divine swords spun in the sky like the Big Dipper, endlessly growing and slashing everything in their path.

At that moment, the nine Divine level experts activated their world's powers, channeling them into the seven divine swords. The divine swords burst forth with a brilliant glow. In the end, the seven swords merged into one and suddenly attacked. Cracks appeared in space.

"Void Worm!"

Just then, King Wu Yu called out and a huge wormhole appeared. A huge Ancient Void Worm popped out its head and looked at the nine Divine level experts present.

"Worm Ancestor, our Wu Clan is about to do something big. I hope you can use your Void Power to refine these seven divine swords." King Wu Yu was very polite to the Void Worm.

Gu Chensha knew that the Worm of the Void was captured by the Martial Arts Saint in the endless turbulence of time and space. The worm was very strange and was an Archean species. If there was such a worm in the small world, it would be very beneficial to the stability of the world.

The Void Worm seemed very unwilling, and after thinking for a long time, it spat out a vast amount of world power.

The world power poured into the seven divine swords, and they began to transform. Seven begets seven, seven by seven, forty-nine, ten million divine swords, and then they condensed into seven.

"Go!"

The seven divine swords landed in Gu Chensha's hands, and the Void Worm disappeared into the wormhole.

"These void worms are so strong," Gu Chensha thought. "They're even stronger than the nine patriarchs combined. However, it seems they can't command them at all."

The last time he entered the Martial Saint's Wonderland, he had already sensed the aura of the Immemorial Void Worm, but he had not seen the true void worm itself. Now that he had finally seen it, he felt that the Martial Saint's Wonderland was extremely rich. However, this was something that he had already anticipated. With his intelligence, if he couldn't even calculate such a thing, then how could he set it up?

The seven divine swords kept on flashing, emitting a tyrannical power that seemed to be able to harm Deity level experts.

Gu Chensha nodded to himself. Although the power of each of the seven swords was great, they could not be considered as treasures of the primordial treasures. There was a huge difference between them and treasures like the "Three Realms Seal" and "Little Muni's Pagoda". However, when the seven swords were combined, their lethality increased sharply, and they were not far from those treasures. Gu Chensha once again swindled a good set of treasures.

"In this Martial Saint's Wonderland, besides the seven divine swords, there are many other primordial treasures. The Wu Clan has collected countless treasures over the years. If I can get them, I can help the three hundred and sixty Common People's Marshals gather the treasures." Gu Chensha calculated.

"These seven divine swords have been infused with the power of the world. You can activate them, and in an instant, set up a sword formation. Within the formation, a temporary sword martial world will appear. However, it can only last for an hour, but it's enough for you to unleash world-shaking power." King Wu Yu said, "Quickly set up the formation, we'll go to the Demon Domain to get the offerings." "Yes!" Gu Chensha left the Martial Saint's Wonderland. He changed slightly, and quietly returned to the Common People's Wish sphere.

This time, he swindled too many things, and there were many restrictions. Among them were the treasures and talismans that he swindled from Gu Tanjian, and also the things that he swindled from Wu Dangkong, the talismans of the Wu Clan's Old Ancestor, the Martial Emperor's talismans, etc. These messy things needed to be properly refined.

"King's harvest this time is huge. Every time you go out, you can swindle a large number of treasures." Zhuge Ya said.

"This is all because of the Heavenly Law. Now that the world is chaotic, there are all kinds of powers mixed together. That's why I can fish in troubled waters. This is our best chance. If we succeed, we can take down the Martial Saint's Wonderland."

Gu Chensha said, "As long as we take down the Martial Saint's Wonderland, it won't be difficult to take down the World Burial Coffin. At that time, our Common People's Wish sphere will be truly indestructible. "

"King's plan this time is very thorough. We have a chance of success. However, it won't be easy to take down the Martial Saint's Wonderland. The success rate isn't very high." Zhuge Ya was also calculating.

"Of course I know that. However, even if we can't take it down, we can still obtain great benefits. We can take advantage of the chaos to steal the treasures and the world's energy. This will make it easier for us to take down the World Burial Coffin in the future." Gu Chensha said, "Anyway, we won't suffer any losses."

As they spoke, Gu Chensha took out all the talismans and treasures that he had on him. For example, the Map of Stars, the Thousand Eyed Demon Sword, the nine divine swords that he had just obtained, and the Martial Saint's talisman.

He had three of the strongest talismans on him. One was the talisman given by Gu Tanjian, the Great Spirit God. He had never used it. He had been comprehending it, trying to decipher the secrets of the Great Spirit God. The other one was refined by Chang Weiyang and Wen Hong in Tai Xuandu. Now, he still had the Martial Saint's talisman. As for the talismans given by the Martial Emperor, they were much weaker.

"Let the Tree of Wishes devour them all. Use my Heavenly Law to activate them and strengthen the sphere's power!"

Gu Chensha moved and a crystal appeared. He laughed coldly, "This crystal is used by the Martial Emperor to control me. The Martial Emperor will never trust any of his subordinates. But if he wants to control me, he must be dreaming."

Wrapped by the Heavenly Law, the crystal was sent into the Tree of Wishes. It melted in the blink of an eye.

"The Thousand Eyed Demon Sword!"

Gu Chensha also let the Tree of Wishes absorb the demon sword. It contained a huge amount of essence qi. Of course, there was also a curse. Gu Tanjian tried to control Gu Chensha, but it was useless. Gu Chensha was good at using curses. After the Tree of Wishes absorbed it, it grew new branches and leaves.

Then, Gu Chensha threw the seven divine swords into the Tree of Wishes. He also threw the Martial Saint's talisman and the Great Spirit God's talisman into it. Using the Heavenly Law to activate the Tree of Wishes, the absorption was done without anyone noticing.

The power of the world contained in the magic treasures, talismans, and talismans that he had swindled over the past few days were all absorbed. Even the talismans that Wen Hong, Tai Xuandu, and Chang Weiyang had made were also absorbed.

Now, he only had the All-encompassing Destruction Rod, the fragment of the Map of Stars, and a Heaven-defying Mutability Pill left on him.

The other talismans and treasures were too much for him. He might as well let the Tree of Wishes absorb them all to increase its strength. When the time came, it could draw the power of the sphere in a breath, which was much more useful than talismans.

After receiving such a huge supplement, the Tree of Wishes suddenly grew taller. Countless rays of light evolved from it. Vaguely, a god seemed to be born within it. It was the God of Wishes. This god looked exactly like Gu Chensha. It seemed to be a clone of Gu Chensha.

When the Heavenly Demon Tree was condensed to the highest level, it would give birth to the 28 Constellation Fey Gods. Finally, it could give birth to the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise. When the four symbols combined, it would give birth to the North Star God.

And the Tree of Wishes would give birth to the God of Wishes. The mysteries of this god were not something that humans could fathom. But now that this god was born, it was only in its embryonic form. It wasn't a real god.

Of course, even if it was in its embryonic form, the entire sphere's ability to absorb and refine the power of the world would be greatly increased. The entire sphere had completely lost all traces in the space-time turbulence. Just like Gu Chensha himself, no one could divine its existence.

"Good!"

Zhuge Ya said, "Now, our Calmness Division has a greater chance of success. If we encounter a great change in the world, even our chances of escaping will be greatly increased." "Here is a heaven-defying Divergent Pill."

In the end, Gu Chensha took out a heaven-defying Divergent Pill. "This pill was concocted by the Xing Qiong Clan. He wanted to turn his subordinates into Divergents after consuming it. Unfortunately, he couldn't succeed. His subordinates' God-tier experts all died after consuming it. However, this pill contains the profound Dao of Divergents. It just so happens that the power of the Life's Wish sphere is at its strongest state. I'll use this sphere to consume this pill and gain a deeper understanding of it. Hopefully, I'll be able to improve further!"

"This pill is very dangerous, but Your Highness need not be afraid. The Heavenly Dao Arts can make up for everything."

Zhuge Ya said, "If Your Highness truly comprehends divergent, your strength will increase even more. You definitely won't be able to match up to your current strength. I will stand guard here for Your Highness. "

Gu Chensha nodded. Without hesitation, he circulated his magic power and enveloped the heaven-defying Mutated Pill tightly. Whoosh!

It was as if he had just broken through a dangerous world. As soon as the pill was enveloped and melted, countless memories, thoughts, heaven-defying daos, and even tribulations were triggered.

In that instant, Gu Chensha's entire body turned into a sea of fire. Within the sea of fire, lightning crackled, and light shot everywhere. In fact, one could even vaguely make out countless demons. Even a god-class expert would fall under this tribulation.

This was something that the Xing Qiong Clan had concocted. They wanted to use the power of this pill to turn one into a divergent. Such a heaven-defying act would definitely trigger endless tribulations.

"Heaven-defying God Tribulation!"

Zhuge Ya was shocked. This sort of tribulation was something that would only happen when a god-class expert broke through to the Sage level.

After all, be it a god-class expert or a Sage, they were strong enough to break the laws of the world. The laws of the world would automatically form tribulations to destroy these existences. To think that a single pill that Gu Chensha consumed would trigger such a tribulation!