Chapter 143
===========

The Fourth Prince, Gu Huasha, had also arrived. He executed his lifetime's ultimate art, Heart in the Vast Beyond Heavens. In the past, Gu Chensha couldn't break this attack at all.

But now, when this attack was three feet in front of Fa Wuxian, it actually couldn't advance any further. It was as if there was an invisible force obstructing him, making Fa Wuxian impenetrable. Gu Huasha's expression changed, and he wanted to retreat.

However, Fa Wuxian's palm didn't contain any trace of smoke or fire. It gently stretched over, wanting to grab Gu Huasha's neck and lift him up.

Meanwhile, Fa Wuxian's entire body had a suction force, making it impossible for Gu Huasha to retreat. Chi! Another pitch-black light shot in from the outside.

When Fa Wuxian saw this black light, a grave expression actually appeared on his face. He slightly dodged, causing the black light to miss.

However, the black light turned around like a spirit snake and tunneled into the center of his brows.

"Courting death."

Fa Wuxian placed two fingers together like a pair of scissors, clamping onto the black light and cutting it. Instantly, the black light was shattered. "Lou Baiyue, you actually succeeded in cultivating the Great Massacre God Art." The one who emitted the black light was Lou Baiyue. It was unknown when she had also arrived here.

"Fa Wuxian, you actually dare to be so arrogant."

Lou Baiyue didn't make a move. Instead, she formed a fan with Gu Huasha, Zen Shizhong, Yi Ming, Gu Chensha, and Luo Wu, surrounding Fa Wuxian.

Yi Ming's injuries were extremely severe, but after consuming the Purple Blood Life Returning Elixir, he had completely recovered.

Zen Shizhong might have vomited blood, but Fa Wuxian didn't make a ruthless move. He was still a little fearful of Marquis Dashi.

"I am here to invite Luo Wu to Seventh Bro's conferred land as a guest. Also, Boss wants me to investigate a case. I didn't expect Gu Chensha's servant to speak ill of me and I am merely teaching him a lesson."

Fa Wuxian's eyes scanned the crowd and the disdain on his face grew. "None of you are worthy to be my opponent. Even if I use thirty percent of my strength, I can kill all of you in a breath's time. It's a pity … The world is so big, and I can't do whatever I want with my cultivation base." As he spoke, he waved his sleeve.

Everyone felt as though the sky and earth had changed. Millions of mountains came rolling over, and boundless astral qi had the power to topple the mountains and overturn the seas. Even Luo Wu and Gu Huasha were forced to retreat. At that moment, Fa Wuxian disappeared.

"This person is truly powerful." Seeing him leave, Gu Huasha let out a long sigh. "It's true that he's a born saint." "He doesn't dare to act recklessly."

Lou Baiyue's face was as cold as ice. "When he left, he was extremely unwilling and said that he can't do whatever he wants. What he means is that His Majesty is suppressing him. Otherwise, he would kill all of us." "This person has a lawless personality."

Gu Chensha allowed the King Dragon Armor and the Demon Subduing Blade to slowly recover. Killing intent rose in his heart. "If Fourth Brother and Baiyue didn't barge in, I'm afraid he would really dare to forcefully abduct people in my residence. He would even snatch away my sword and armor. "

"Actually, he came here today because of the Law Empress' orders," Lou Baiyue said, "This means that we can't accuse him. Moreover, he can say that he is here for a competition."

"Boss is also behind this," Gu Chensha said, "Seventh Bro is also behind this. Maybe he saw that Emperor Father has been paying attention to us recently.

If we accuse Fa Wuxian of what he did today, it will cause a conflict in the imperial court and implicate the Law Empress. It will be disadvantageous to the overall situation. Moreover, Emperor Father wants to train us. We can't make a big fuss over such a small matter. " "Our cultivation is not enough."

Lou Baiyue looked at the sky. "I didn't expect Fa Wuxian's cultivation to be so strong. No wonder he is an innate saint. If His Majesty didn't suppress him, the world would be his."

"He came here today to demonstrate his strength." Shi Zhongchan frowned. "Fairy Luo Wu, what do you think?"

"I still underestimated him." Luo Wu said, "I'm afraid that among the younger generation of the 72 Mystic Gates, no one can compare to him." "This is just a small interlude."

Fourth Prince Gu Huasha said, "Fa Wuxian will be a huge calamity in the future. However, he probably won't come again. You don't have to worry about this. Also, I will pay close attention to news about him." "I will also investigate his movements."

Lou Baiyue said, "I might not be his match, but as long as I advance a few steps and increase my cultivation realm, I will be able to restrain him with the Great Massacre Divine Art."

"I will also strengthen the defense." Gu Chensha knew that even if he strengthened the defense, it would be useless against Fa Wuxian.

Just now, he didn't activate the formation and use the nine magic treasures to attack. He knew that even if he activated the nine magic treasures, it would be useless. On the contrary, they would be destroyed by Fa Wuxian's supreme dipper qi. Only after the Black Tortoise baby woke up would it be able to resist Fa Wuxian. On a mountain peak a thousand miles away from the castle, Fa Wuxian sat cross-legged.

His eyes shot out light and there were many runic patterns circulating in his pupils. It seemed like he was calculating something.

"Fa Wuxian, didn't you go to the Nineteenth Prince's fief to bring Luo Wu back? Why did you return in failure? "Right at this moment, a man appeared on the mountain peak.

This man was wearing dark red armor and a scarlet cape. He wore a bronze mask and looked very mysterious.

"Heng Budong, why do you dress like this every day? Are you ashamed?" Fa Wuxian opened his eyes and said, "Oh, you cultivated the Blood Pond Art and turned yourself into a blood devil.

Your Heng Clan's Eternal Heavenly Book is missing the third volume, so you want to use the evil path's Purgatory Blood Pond Secret Art to make up for it. " "Fa Wuxian, you don't have to care about my matters. Have you found out what happened?"

Heng said, "It wasn't easy for Gu Hengsha to obtain the Heretic God's flesh and blood, but it disappeared for no reason. Now, that Long Zaifei brat is also in Gu Hengsha's residence, so it can be seen that he was the one who stole it. However, the Heretic God's Flesh is extremely difficult to refine. What did Gu Chensha get? " "Even if he obtained the Heaven Sacrifice Decree, it's still trash."

Fa Wuxian muttered to himself, "I've finally seen the Great Massacre Divine Art. It's really mysterious. If Lou Baiyue's cultivation was a few more levels higher, I would still be able to kill her, but her black light can hurt me. How do I break it? "

It seemed like other than the Great Massacre Divine Art and the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, he didn't care about anyone else.

"You want to break the Great Massacre Divine Art?"

Heng Budong laughed, "This is a secret art that even gods can't do anything about. I admit that you're strong, and you're indeed a natural born saint. However, you're still no match for those thousand-year-old monsters, let alone gods. You're too ambitious, and you need more time to improve your cultivation." "Gu Taxian doesn't have the time to do that."

Fa Wuxian's eyes were indifferent, "He's only risen to power a few decades ago, but he's already slaughtering gods. Even the ancient monsters that have lived for tens of thousands of years can't compare to him. I don't believe that I'm weaker than him."

"I knew you were ambitious, but there's another person like you, Wen Hong. He's the Son of Heaven, a level higher than a natural born saint like you." Heng Budong laughed.

"Wen Hong? I'll trample him underfoot sooner or later. "

Fa Wuxian looked at Heng Budong casually. "Don't try to sow discord, or I'll kill you. Even if you've cultivated the second volume of the Eternal Heavenly Scripture and the Purgatory Blood Pool Art, I can destroy all of your secret arts with a wave of my hand." "I believe you. I'm indeed no match for you."

Heng Budong didn't get angry. "In fact, even if Fan Ruyi, Lei Tianhui, and the other disciples of the various aristocratic clans joined forces, we still wouldn't be able to stop you.

However, your opponent isn't me, but those ancient monsters that have operated the heavenly dao for thousands of years, and the gods. Of course, the one you want to defeat is the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. " "Since you're admitting defeat, I'll let you off."

Fa Wuxian waved his hand, "As long as the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is still around, I won't make any big moves. He dotes on Lou Baiyue deeply, and even taught her the Great Massacre Divine Art." "Fine, but are you still going to help Old Seven?

He seems to want to start another war, and then he'll secretly offer sacrifices to the heavens. He thinks that the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman will fall into his hands, "Heng Budong said.

"He'll deal with his own problems."

Fa Wuxian frowned. "The Heaven Sacrificial Talisman is an ominous object, and none of the previous emperors who acquired it had a good ending. Why would they want it?"

"That's because the emperors are too reliant on the talisman. Truth be told, some of the old-timers want it because they want to do business with the heavenly dao.

"If I had this talisman, it would be perfectly fair for me to sacrifice lives in exchange for many things that have already disappeared from the Primordial Era. For example, I could use a large number of souls to exchange for a few hundred years or even a thousand years of life.

That's more than enough time to gain enlightenment. After all, many of the old-timers are nearing the end of their lifespans, and are just waiting for the talisman to appear. " "You have a point," Fa Wuxian said. "So where do you think the talisman will appear?

I'd be interested in studying it. It's an incarnation of the heavenly dao, and I want to subjugate it. Heavenly dao!

Heh heh, I want to trample it under my feet. Whatever the Heavenly Talisman Emperor can do, I can too. "

"Whether or not the Heavenly Talisman Emperor can do it depends on how things go in the future. In any case, a storm is brewing, and we need to prepare," Heng Budong said solemnly.

"There's no need to prepare. I'm looking forward to it." Fa Wuxian rose to his feet. "It'd be best if Gu Taxian can't do it. If he can't, I'll do it. That's the only thing that'll interest me. " As he spoke, he had already disappeared. Heng Budong frowned. He hadn't even noticed how he'd left.

"As expected of a natural-born saint. I wonder how he cultivated his strength, but he's already unfathomable at such a young age."

After a long while, Heng Budong muttered to himself, "But no matter how strong you are, you'll still be suppressed by Gu Taxian. You'll have no choice but to submit to his imperial court. You must be feeling resentful." As he spoke, he took to the air, gliding into the clouds. Monarch Chen's fiefdom.

After being messed around by Fa Wuxian, Gu Chensha knew that he couldn't stand up to him. After a brief discussion with Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, and Gu Huasha, they decided to establish a branch of the Celestial Dance Mystical Gate with Luo Wu.

Luo Wu chose a mountain not far from the castle and settled on the branch. Then, she took out a gourd filled with thousands of golden beans.

She scattered the beans, which exploded into clouds of golden energy that condensed into burly golden-armored men. Each of them was about the height of two grown men and possessed extraordinary strength.