Chapter 594
===========

The space was torn apart, and Wu Pogong was directly sent into the Lesser Divine Province.

In the next moment, he fell into the Azure Dragon Pagoda at the center of the Lesser Divine Province. He saw Jin Suibo, and at the same time, he felt the curse in his body, as well as the power of the dimensional realm. He knew that he couldn't resist, otherwise, the curse would erupt, and the dimensional realm would immediately suppress him. His ending would be even more miserable than Xiao Donglai's.

"Congratulations on forsaking darkness for the light. From now on, your future will be bright."

Jin Suibo had already received Gu Chensha's message, but he didn't dare to be negligent. A God Realm sinner, no matter how he was arranged, it would take a lot of effort. Otherwise, this sinner wouldn't be disciplined, and it would lead to a great disaster.

Having a God Realm expert in the Lesser Divine Province would bring great benefits, but if the arrangements weren't done well, the consequences would be dire. Wu Pogong didn't speak.

At this time, Jin Suibo knew that this person was still unconvinced, and couldn't help but say, "You should know that the Martial Emperor has been suppressed and killed by our Calming Immortal Bureau, and his Divergent Heart has been refined. That way, our Calming Immortal Bureau will be promoted to a dimensional realm.

Now, one-third of the Wu Clan's territory is in our hands, and we can move at any time to absorb the Martial Saint's Abode into our sphere. What do you think? " "What?" At this time, Wu Pogong woke up with a start, and didn't dare to believe it.

Jin Suibo looked at him and said, "Of course, it's true. Your Wu Clan might be the first clan to be destroyed. Do you know why?

It's because the Wu Clan had a Wu Dangkong, and he absorbed all of your Wu Clan's luck, which led to the successive tribulations. Today, you defected to us, it seems like a humiliation, but in fact, you've preserved the Wu Clan's bloodline, and it can be said to be a blessing in disguise. "

"Martial Saint, this disciple is unfilial, and caused the Wu Clan's foundation to be destroyed in a day. Is this fate?" Finally, Wu Pogong knelt down.

"Alright, as long as you are alive, there is still hope. In the future, our Calming Immortal Department will still carry out public sacrifices. The Martial Sage has made great contributions to humanity, so we definitely have to offer sacrifices. However, private sacrifices can easily provoke a great calamity and fuel one's ambitions. If this continues, there will definitely be a great calamity."

Jin Suibo said, "You're still a sinner, so I can't talk too much with you. What you need to do now is to use your cultivation to refine the Azure Dragon Pagoda regardless of the cost. Refine the pagoda into a divine artifact to suppress the Lesser Divine Province." As he spoke, crackle! A few more items flew through the air. They were a talisman, the Amitabha Sutra Banner, the Wintry Pearl, and the Blade of Law Enforcement.

For these things, Gu Chensha wanted Wu Pogong to waste his own World Energy as a laborer and fuse them into the Azure Dragon Pagoda.

Wu Pogong touched the talisman, and his body shivered. This talisman was formed by Xiao Donglai's cultivation. If he hadn't surrendered today, he would have suffered the same fate as Xiao Donglai.

Under Jin Suibo's supervision, Wu Pogong didn't dare to have any other thoughts and obediently poured his World Energy into the Azure Dragon Pagoda. He also started chanting the Great People's Salvation Scripture that Jin Suibo had taught him. Gu Chensha had changed the scripture again, making it even more profound.

Wu Pogong had to cultivate this scripture, otherwise, he would still be demoted by the Banish Immortals and become a mortal. This was Gu Chensha's order. Wu Pogong used this scripture to refine the Azure Dragon Pagoda, which was Gu Chensha's Dao.

Otherwise, if Wu Pogong used the Wu Clan's secret technique to refine the pagoda, the pagoda would lose its effect and wouldn't be able to integrate with the Minor Divine Prefecture. Everything that Gu Chensha had done before would be in vain.

Luckily, Wu Pogong was completely under his control. This person cultivated the Great People's Salvation Scripture, and when he prayed, he could provide the World's Wish Sphere and the Minor Divine Prefecture with a huge amount of Wish Power.

As expected, when he was cultivating, a green and gold Wish Power soared into the sky. It was a hundred times stronger than Wang Qingzhu's Wish Power, and it wasn't gold in quality, it was green gold. Green represented the heavens, and it represented the upper echelons.

Only when one reached the Deity realm, the Wish Power produced from their prayers would be green, visible to the naked eye.

For other cultivators, even those who had comprehended the primordial chaos, the Wish Power produced from their prayers couldn't be seen by ordinary people. They had to use their mental power to observe it, only then would they be able to see all sorts of beautiful colors.

But the Wish Power produced from the Deity realm's prayers could be seen, it was the same green as the sky. This was what it meant to be "favored".

The Wish Power of such a Deity realm expert was extremely pure. Not only was it extremely beneficial to the world, it could also transform the mountains, rivers, veins, and all sorts of treasures.

Immediately, the depths of the Azure Dragon Pagoda began to transform. First, Wu Pogong fused Xiao Donglai's talisman with the pagoda, and then borrowed the power of the talisman to fuse the Wintry Pearl and Amitabha Sutra Banner into the Azure Dragon Pagoda.

The entire Azure Dragon Pagoda suddenly released a huge amount of power, and it had the aura of a primordial treasure. Gu Chensha wanted to create another Minor Chiliocosm here.

The dimensional realm of the sphere was too big. It was basically impossible for it to be complete and become a Major Chiliocosm. Gu Chensha didn't have such a thought.

Even if he swallowed the 72 Mystical Gates, all the aristocratic families, and even the Devil Race, he might not be able to turn the dimensional realm into a Major Chiliocosm.

The so-called Major Chiliocosm was vast and complete. Up to this point, Gu Chensha had never heard of a cultivator condensing a Major Chiliocosm.

The three Heavenly Lords were working hard. The unparalleled Buddhas and many other Heavyweights of the Buddhist sects were working hard. Yet, they were all to no avail.

The Immortal Lord was working hard as well. Even the God Maha, The Great Spirit God, the Sorcerer Ancestor, et cetera … Countless Heavyweights were working hard as well. Yet, none of them were able to form a Major Chiliocosm.

In the depths of the endless time and space, there were many Major Chiliocosms. However, these Major Chiliocosms were not something that could be created by the power of man. They were formed naturally during the chaotic era when the Heaven's Will revolved and the primordial explosion occurred.

Even though these Major Chiliocosms could not be compared to the Endless Mainland, they had nurtured countless powerful beings.

Based on the memories of Gu Chensha, Zhuge Ya and Chang Yuzhou had once traversed the chaotic flow of time and space and entered some of the ancient Major Chiliocosms. Within those Major Chiliocosms, they had met all sorts of cultivators.

According to the ancient legends, the cultivators of the Major Chiliocosms had once come to the Endless Worlds as well.

However, almost all of the Major Chiliocosms did not have a master. That was because the Major Chiliocosms were formed by the primordial explosion. Even the living beings that were born within them could not control the Major Chiliocosms. Furthermore, it was almost impossible for a single Major Chiliocosm to collect it.

Even if it were a powerful being like Xing Qiongshi, if he were to discover a Major Chiliocosm in the depths of the chaotic flow of time and space, trying to refine it would be nothing more than a fool's dream. It was just like an ant discovering an elephant and trying to move the elephant into its cave. Furthermore, the elephant would be alive.

In the memories of Zhuge Ya, he had once discovered a Major Chiliocosm when he was traversing the depths of the chaotic flow of time and space. He had wanted to try and absorb the Source Power of the Major Chiliocosm. However, he was injured by the Will of the Major Chiliocosm and nearly died.

That boundless might that blanketed the entire world was something that could even cause the death of three Heavenly Lords.

With Gu Chensha's current cultivation level, he could not comprehend these memories. However, that did not stop him from obtaining some data.

He would take these primordial treasures that he had extorted from the old antiques of the aristocratic families and fuse them together to create another Lesser Chiliocosm and operate the Lesser Divine Prefecture. This was Gu Chensha's plan. Firstly, the Lesser Divine Prefecture was a strategic location. If it was managed well, he could stop the invasion of the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor's Great Might Dynasty from the sea. Secondly, he would create another Lesser Chiliocosm that could resonate with each other. This was much better than fusing it with a sphere. It was equivalent to using money to make an investment. Money begets money, and it would be profitable.

Thirdly, the cultivators of the Lesser Divine Prefecture were originally second or third-rate mystic sects of the Immortal Dao. They were a mix of good and bad people. Gu Chensha did not want to incorporate these people into the Calming Immortal Department, lest they spoil the purity of the department. The Calming Immortal Department still had to nurture its own talents. In the imperial court.

After Gu Chensha sent Wu Pogong away, he was very clear about the changes in the Lesser Divine Prefecture. Everything was under his control. As long as Wu Pogong cultivated his Great People's Universal Purification Scripture, he would be brainwashed sooner or later. Now that Wu Pogong had become a laborer to refine the Lesser Divine Prefecture's Azure Dragon Pagoda and fuse many primordial treasures into it, he was making the best use of them.

With Wu Pogong's refinement, the Lesser Divine Prefecture would continue to expand on the sea. It would purify more living beings, and the Lesser Divine Prefecture would provide more power of will to the sphere. This was an extremely profitable business.

However, Gu Chensha did not refine the Bow of Liberation and the Arrows of Permanence and Impermanence. This was because he could not refine these two treasures with his current strength. Even if he used the power of a medium-sized realm, it would be very troublesome. The gains did not make up for the losses. These two treasures contained supreme mysteries. Buddha used them to gain enlightenment on the supreme Buddhist Dao. One had to bow and kneel and endure the pain of two arrows piercing one's body. Gu Chensha also wanted to obtain the things that the Buddha had comprehended from it.

Moreover, these two treasures were extremely destructive. If he could truly gain enlightenment on them, even if they could not be compared to the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Dagger, they would not be much weaker.

Of course, this bow and arrow did not only have destructive power. It was rumored that it could penetrate one's heart and gain enlightenment. The Buddhist Sect emphasized enlightenment.

The Buddhist Sect had two arrows. If it was shot out, it could penetrate one's heart and allow that person to gain enlightenment on the supreme principles of heaven and earth. This was the true power of this bow and arrow.

From a certain point of view, this bow and arrow was not a killing weapon. It was an object of enlightenment. Its greatest power was not to kill its enemies, but to gain enlightenment. It could be said that it was an object that could save lives. Therefore, this bow was called the Bow of Liberation. However, the Fan Clan used this bow for killing. They did not gain enlightenment on the bow's ability to free themselves.

Gu Chensha felt that with his Heavenly Dao techniques, he might be able to unravel the secrets of this bow and arrow.