Chapter 573
===========

All the previous emperors had obtained the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman and lost it. Almost all of them were unwilling, but they had no choice. The Heavenly Dao could not be defied.

Therefore, those ancient emperors studied the Heavenly Demon Tree, the Primordial Tree, and the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. In the end, they created the Tree of Wishes. They tried to use the Tree of Wishes to replace the Heavenly Dao so that humans would not be controlled by the Heavenly Dao and have their own sacrificial objects.

The God of Wishes, according to the ancient emperors, could replace a certain function of the Heavenly Dao. While managing the common people, it could operate good fortune and fulfill the wishes of the common people. This time, the Calming Immortal Department completed the largest collective advancement in history.

Even in the "Lesser Divine Prefecture", Jin Suibo's cultivation began to soar. He had already been refined into a Natural Saint by Gu Chensha. He had broken through some of the bottlenecks in his aptitude, and his cultivation was extremely fast.

At this time, in the depths of the Lesser Divine Prefecture, a rainbow power descended, and the Divine Prefecture Boundary of the Lesser Divine Prefecture turned into a space. It was not a world, but a space.

Even if it was a space, its defensive power was much stronger than the previous boundary. Moreover, it could lock in vital qi so that it would not leak out. Over time, the plants, living creatures, soil, and rocks in the Lesser Divine Prefecture would all transform into strange existences.

Originally, the Lesser Divine Prefecture was about to be attacked by the Immortal Dao, and Jin Suibo was prepared.

But now, he saw that not only was the Common People's Wish sphere not destroyed, but it had also been greatly upgraded and obtained the World Burying Coffin. It might even be promoted to a medium-class world. The Immortal Dao Mystic Gate was originally ready to attack, but seeing this situation, they were dumbfounded. How would they dare to attack again? After seven breaths, the power of the black rainbow actually began to weaken. The first wave of the demon disaster seemed to have been vented.

This was because the first wave of attack contained the curses and prayers of billions of demons over the years. It was the most ferocious, but it had actually been blocked. This meant that the next wave should be much easier. But Gu Chensha did not let his guard down.

He sent out a thought very quickly. "I can't be careless. The attack of the demon disaster will definitely not be just the first wave." Sure enough, as soon as he sent out the thought. The black rainbow suddenly strengthened, as if it was gathering its strength for the final attack. Rumble!

The area within 3,000 miles of the Bottomless Sea of Sin was originally covered with demonic herbs and had been flattened. But now, after the explosion, countless rocks flew into the sky and turned into a meteorite rain, flying in all directions. A huge amount of demonic energy poured out, just like thousands of volcanoes erupting at the same time. The demonic clouds dyed the sky black.

Then, from within the demonic clouds, the demonic army rushed out and began to spread out in all directions.

The formation of this demon army was majestic. They were as numerous as ants and locusts. Wherever they went, everything would be polluted and devoured. Any flesh and blood would be turned into white bones. The demon race loved fresh human flesh and blood the most. To them, this was a peerless delicacy. Their souls could also be sacrificed to the demon god and be rewarded.

The Sin Province had been emptied long ago, so the demon army must have missed. However, when they spread out in all directions, a golden light also shot up from the demon clouds.

All the demon clouds near the golden light disintegrated and became nourishment for the golden light. And the demons in the demon clouds also became guardian vajra the moment they touched the golden light. They floated in the golden light one by one and uttered prayers, which increased the power of the golden light itself. This was the power of the Buddha of the Human Dragon Guild.

The Human Dragon Guild was stationed in the Sin Province and had always been at the forefront of the fight against the demons. These days, Gu Chensha's incarnation of "Fang Lin" assisted Qin Han in running the business, and it was also very impressive.

However, this time, the Buddha light on Qin Han had nothing to do with him. He did not inject the Heavenly Path technique, but the power of the Buddha statue itself was activated. It sensed the demonic disaster. The Buddha statue seemed to be afraid that Qin Han would be destroyed in the demonic disaster, or the Buddhist Sect's plan had been achieved.

A tyrannical power broke through the air and entered the Buddha statue. This Buddha statue turned into a thousand-armed Buddha, sitting in the headquarters of the Human Dragon Guild in the Sin Province. It began to refine the demonic energy and purify the demons into guardian vajra. The Buddhist Sect was the bane of demons.

The ancient supreme Buddha had even won one move against the Maha God and suppressed the ancient Heavenly Demon Race. The Buddhist Sect had the most profound techniques, and every one of them could subdue demons and turn them into guardian vajra.

The experts of the Buddhist Sect, even the disciples, had one more guardian for every demon they subdued.

This guardian had been so deeply brainwashed that they could give up everything for the sake of the Buddhist Dharma. Now that the demonic disaster had broken out, it was the Buddhist Sect's chance.

"Paramita Golden Mountain!"

Gu Chensha was suddenly on guard. He could sense that the power of the Buddha statue on Qin Han came from the depths of the space-time turbulence, from the Paramita Golden Mountain. It broke through the air, causing the Buddha to activate and purify the demons, expanding the strength of the Buddhist Sect to the front lines of defense against the demonic disaster.

This Buddha had caused such a stir, and the shadow of the Buddhist Sect would definitely be planted in the hearts of countless people. This was a great merit. This was an overt plot, and not even Gu Chensha could stop it.

This was because other than the Celestial Pacification Bureau, the Buddhist Sect was indeed standing in front of the demonic disaster and fighting on the front lines. With such merit, it was only natural that they would establish a reputation. In fact, Gu Chensha had also planned for this to happen.

He didn't have the energy to think about such things, because the most powerful attack of the demons had arrived. They would definitely destroy the Celestial Pacification Bureau and destroy the Common People's Wish sphere. The second wave of black light was even more ferocious.

The black light grew stronger, and it seemed like countless black demon dragons were fighting together, letting out earth-shattering roars as it attacked the Celestial Pacification Bureau again.

"Convert!"

The current Celestial Pacification Bureau was completely different from how it had been eight breaths of time ago. Gu Chensha's cultivation base was also rising steadily, producing earth-shaking changes. He once again used the talisman left behind by the Yore-Desolate Dragon Gate, combining it with the Big Dipper Shift Formation, transforming it into a black light. Using the attack of the demonic disaster, he completely refined the Worldburying Coffin and expanded the world.

When the demonic rainbow attacked for the second time, the Yore-Desolate Dragon Gate talisman was activated by Gu Chensha, and its power reached its peak. It was as if this supreme ancient item had already descended here.

No matter how fierce the demonic rainbow was, the dragon gate could still convert it. This showed the scene of Gu Chensha activating the dragon gate that he had refined to absorb all attacks.

The Common People's Wish sphere in the Minor Chiliocosm was refined in this way, and it swelled more and more. It was full of energy, and it actually showed signs of advancing.

If this continued, the demonic disaster would actually help the sphere advance, instilling a huge amount of energy into it.

However, in the ninth breath, the black light became more and more ferocious. The Yore-Desolate Dragon Gate talisman was actually unable to convert, and cracks appeared on it!

After all, this was not the true Yore-Desolate Dragon Gate, but just a talisman left behind by the dragon gate.

This talisman had converted many attacks, and finally, it couldn't withstand it and seemed like it was about to break. But when this talisman broke, not only did Gu Chensha not panic, but he also revealed a look of joy.

"What's going on with the Celestial Pacification Bureau? It actually didn't break? "

Wu Dangkong, Gu Tanjian, and the others roared in their hearts. They communicated with their divine sense. After all, in the few breaths of time, there was no time to speak at all, and the exchange of divine sense could be equivalent to a thousand words with a snap of the fingers.

"Damn it, that is the Yore-Desolate Dragon Gate talisman. Martial Emperor used it once, and the Celestial Pacification Bureau obtained it. I don't know what method they used to activate the talisman, but it actually absorbed and converted the power! They even borrowed this power to summon the World Burying Coffin and fused it. "

Wu Dangkong's divine sense roared. She simply didn't dare to believe it: "Martial Emperor, you bastard, you actually sided with the Celestial Pacification Bureau and ruined my great cause!"

Wu Dangkong relied on the various wondrous aspects of the Sacrificial Heaven Talisman to see many things in the Common People's Wish sphere.

After all, her Sun Moon Altar could ignore all attacks and walk in another dimension. Even if there was a great calamity, it wouldn't be able to harm it in the slightest. As for the others, they didn't know what was going on.

They only saw the black rainbow enter the Celestial Pacification Bureau, and then after seven or eight breaths, the Celestial Pacification Bureau's sphere actually didn't break. Instead, it gave birth to a rainbow-like light, and the black rainbow turned into void flames, calcining the sphere below. No matter how they looked at it, it seemed like a good thing. They were dumbfounded.

"Good, the little fellows of the Celestial Pacification Bureau really didn't disappoint me!"

Tai Xuan was a Saint, and he saw some of the truth. "They actually obtained the Yore-Desolate Dragon Gate talisman, and with the help of this talisman, they converted the first wave of attack, and in an instant, with lightning speed, they summoned the World Burying Coffin and fused it into the Lesser Chiliocosm." "Amazing, even I have to admit that these little fellows are really amazing."

Chang Weiyang's divine will also fluctuated rapidly. She was also convinced. "These little fellows' methods are really intricate, and there are no loopholes at all. Moreover, no one would have been able to detect it beforehand. With the help of the Devil Calamity, not only did they not die, but they also obtained great benefits."

"That World Burying Coffin fused into the Tree of Wishes, and this tree has already taken form. I think that the God of Wishes is almost equivalent to 20 Deity level experts. Once it condenses into a Medium Chiliocosm, it will probably be even bigger. At most, it can be equivalent to 36 Deity level experts activating it at the same time."

Wen Hong was clear about the changes in this matter. "Even if many Saints gathered together, it would be extremely difficult to create a Medium Chiliocosm. Unless they had a huge fated opportunity, they would at most be able to stop at the Lesser Chiliocosm. Just look at the experts and you will know.

And this group of little fellows doesn't have a single Deity level expert, but they can actually create a Medium Chiliocosm. That is a miracle since ancient times. "