Chapter 432
===========

Gu Chensha had thoroughly seen the power of the Human Dragon Set.

With the combination of the Human Dragon Core, Human Dragon Sword, and Human Dragon Armor, even the weakest, stupidest, and laziest person would be able to become a top-notch expert as long as they obtained these three items. They would be able to explore all kinds of secret places and kill all kinds of wild beasts. In this way, the barbarians would have no chance of turning the tables.

Even if the evil god broke free from the seal and woke up, the people would not be able to save the situation.

More importantly, the Heavenly Demon Tree had absorbed the wreckage and fused with the Human Diagram, a connate numinous treasure. Its abilities were extremely powerful, and it could produce the Human Dragon Elixir, Human Dragon Sword, and Human Dragon Armor. It was even more efficient than the Buzhou Palace back then.

The Heavenly Demon Tree had absorbed the Buzhou Palace, the Dragon Gate, and other items. Not only did it have all their abilities, but it could also go one step further and gain advantages that the Buzhou Palace and the Dragon Gate could not compare to.

After some calculations, the Heavenly Demon Tree had absorbed the Buzhou Palace, the Dragon Gate, the Central Wutu Great Virtue Flag, the Human Diagram, and the five great bloodlines of the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermilion Bird, the Black Tortoise, and the North Star. It could be said that the potential of the Heavenly Demon Tree surpassed any Heavenly Demon Tree that had been refined by any demon sage in history.

Zhuge Ya was preparing to completely unravel the secrets of the Taiyi Pearl and fuse it with it. However, this would probably have to wait until he reached the Immortal level.

If he could reach the Immortal level as soon as possible and obtain the World Burying Coffin and fuse it with the sphere, then he could truly surpass the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth.

Of course, Zhuge Ya's ambition did not stop there. He wanted to refine the Life's Wish sphere into a treasure similar to the Primordial Dragon Gate and the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman.

The Primordial Dragon Gate represented the strongest will of the past era. In the Primordial Age, it had created countless miracles. And the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman represented the strongest will of the present era. What would rule the future? Naturally, it would be the Life's Wish sphere. This was what Zhuge Ya thought, as well as what everyone in the Calming Immortal Department thought. With this ambition, no one would be satisfied with the current situation.

"The Ape Clan's vitality has been greatly damaged, but the Three Great Ape Gods are still around. The Thousand Transformation Stone Ape is full of transformations, the Yin Yang Ghost Ape is good at scheming, and the King Kong Fighting Ape is good at fighting. If they are determined to make things difficult for our Celestial Tranquility Department, then there will be many more troublesome days ahead." Lou Baiyue thought further.

"It's fine. I've already comprehended the Twenty-Three Transformations, Past Reflection. My ability to calculate has improved a lot. With the Grand Unity Pearl, the Life's Wish sphere, and the Heavenly Demon Tree, I can communicate with the World Burying Coffin. His calculation ability has already surpassed the Yin Yang Ghost Ape. "

Zhuge Ya smiled and said, "Soon, I will be able to peek into the future and gain an undying body. Then, I will be able to master the Twenty-six Transformations, All Things Return to One very quickly. It's just that the Twenty-seven Transformations, Seamless Space and Spatial Teleportation, is a bit more difficult to comprehend. If I can comprehend it and break through this stage, then the Twenty-eight Transformations will shatter the vacuum and the Twenty-nine Transformations will comprehend the primordial chaos.

Only the Thirty Transformations to create a world, which is to open up a Heavenly Grotto-Heaven, is somewhat difficult. " Gu Chensha knew that the Thirty Transformations of the Dao Realm was called Grotto-Heaven Creation.

Grotto-Heaven Worlds were different from normal storage spaces. Storage spaces had no life at all and could only be called spaces.

A true world existed in the chaotic flow of space. It floated about and couldn't be captured. Within the grotto-heaven, it had its own life force. Not only could it give birth to living things, but it could also absorb Chaotic Essence Energy to break it down and refine it. Apart from that, the difference between a world and space was that one could control time in a world.

For example, Jing Fanxing cultivated in the Heaven and Earth Sect for hundreds of years, but only a year had passed outside. In a world, time was in control. That was the foundation. Otherwise, it wouldn't be a world and wouldn't be a grotto-heaven. It would just be a normal space. The so-called ancient legends also had 'seven days in a cave is a few thousand years in the world'.

Originally, this sphere of the Common People's Wish also had the ability to reverse time within it, but the people of the Calming Immortal Department were still unable to activate it. Only after they became Deity level experts would they be able to change it and display its greatest ability, using their own world energy to activate this huge world. Dao Realm Transformation 30 was World Creation, and one's soul power would merge into World Power.

World Power was really mysterious and it was basically soul power. But when one's soul power was used to the extreme, it would transform into a supreme mystery.

"The Ape Race matter has come to an end. We just need to be careful. Next, we need to deal with the Eternal Extermination Alliance and the Adjudicator.

Chang Weiyang hopes that we can kill Dou Nineteen to test the reaction of the three Heaven Venerables. "

Gu Chensha was eager to give it a try. "I think it's more suitable for me to handle this matter. It just so happens that my 3,600 puppets have cultivated transcendence energy, but their transcendence energy is weak. I have to go to the bottom of the sea and completely refine that jade mountain. When the time comes, the transcendence energy of these 3,600 puppets will increase tenfold, or even a hundredfold. That means I will have 3,600 experts in the transcendence energy realm, and they will all be of the Vajra quality. How much more powerful will the Tranquil Immortal Department become?"

Zhuge Ya nodded his head, "Only King can do this. With your current strength, it is tough to kill Dou Nineteen, but it isn't impossible. This can stimulate King's combat strength and give King a lot of training. "

While speaking, Zhuge Ya pointed at the Heaven Monster Tree. Instantly, the entire Heaven Monster Tree shone brightly and released its strongest power. After a full day and night, a ring formed on the tree.

The ring fell to the ground. It was green in color and there were wooden patterns on it. It looked really old and simple.

Gu Chensha held the ring in his hand and infused his own Dan Qi into it, sealing it in place. He saw that a space had actually opened up within. It was a square-shaped space, with a length, width, and height of nine zhang. Using the calculation method in the Heavenly Talisman Grand Canon, that would be ten meters.

"The Heaven Monster Tree can actually refine space rings now?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Not bad, with the power of the Common People's Wish and the Taiyi Pearl, I can create such a huge space ring to store resources. But I can't mass produce it. I spent a day and used up a lot of energy." Zhuge Ya said, "It took me a day to calculate and create this ring, and seven days to recuperate."

"I see," Lou Baiyue said. "If this space ring can be mass produced, then I'm afraid the demand will exceed the supply. But as our cultivation increases, the day of mass production won't be far off. "

"That's for sure. When the time comes, the people of the Celestial Calmness Department will have medicinal pills, armor, swords, and space rings. The world is so big, where can't they go?"

Gu Chensha took the ring and put it on. "All my previous spatial equipment was dissolved by the Common People's Wish sphere. The space in my sea of energy and consciousness was also shattered and fused with my blood.

I really do lack spatial equipment. Although the space inside this ring isn't very big, it can still store a lot of things inside. "

The cube was thirty-three feet in length, width, and height, equivalent to a large hall. It could indeed store a lot of goods. If used in war, this ring of food would be enough to feed an army of several thousand for many days.

After all, most of the armies in the Yongchō relied on meat and rice. Only high ranking officers could enjoy pills and battle wine. But as the Heaven Monster Tree grew, the Yongchō Army would have to change their equipment.

Of course, Gu Chensha wouldn't change the equipment of the entire army. He wanted to nurture new people. He would choose young people who accepted the ideals of the Celestial Calmness Department and nurture them into his own army, the Celestial Calmness Army. Some of the old soldiers were from other factions and were hard to control.

After getting the ring, Gu Chensha's body moved and 3,600 drops of jade liquid flew out from his body. These were the newly crafted Common People's God General Puppets. All of them were at Dao Realm Transformation 20, Gather and Disperse Impermanence. They all flew into the ring and laid out a formation. With the space as the foundation, they stored their killing moves. After everything was prepared, Gu Chensha flew out.

He left the Common People's Wish Ball and flew once more. In just two hours, he came to the ocean of Baoyu Country. Looking closely, he realized that Dou Nineteen and the others were still hiding in the secret room in the depths of the prince's residence. Gu Chensha hid in right away. With his current methods, no one noticed.

"How long are we going to hide here? The Demon Calamity still hasn't happened. This is so depressing. "

A Dao Realm Transformation 20 cultivator said, "I heard that Celestial Calmness Department and the Ape Race had a conflict and the three Ape God Race suffered a huge loss."

"That's right. I've already received news that the Ape Clan has suffered a great loss this time. Even their sect's treasure, the Myriad Demon Human Transformation Diagram, has been taken away. The Ape Clan's Clan Leader, Ape Huang, as well as the Ape Clan's ten great Battle Kings, have all been killed.

Dou Nineteen's voice spread out, "But Cosmos Sect's Chang Weiyang, Grand Tutor Wen Hong, and if my calculations are correct, even Taiyi Mystic Sect's Taixuan attacked. But that old fellow is really cunning and didn't use his own strength, so no one can find any evidence."

"Senior Brother, Celestial Calmness Department obtained a large amount of the Ape Race's treasures. Along with the fact that they contacted Cosmos Sect and Taiyi Mystic Sect, as well as Wen Hong, their strength has increased greatly. Even if the Demon Calamity explodes, they will be able to suppress it. If that's the case, we still can't attack." Li Rongguang, who had cultivated the Bodhi Circular Light, said to Dou Nineteen.