Chapter 604
===========

Sou!

This Ling Shaofei caught the demon and flew into Mortal Life Pavilion, obviously wanting to do business with Calming Celestial Department. He wanted to sell the demon and obtain the Human Dragon Pellet and other treasures.

"Too strong, that person was too strong."

Gu Chensha said, "I didn't expect this Ling Shaofei to have obtained the profound of the stars. Is he the reincarnation of Xing Chen?" "Yes."

Longevity God's eyes flashed, not knowing what he was thinking. This Ling Shaofei was strong, but compared to him, there was still a huge gap, "This person is a famous vagrant cultivator. He is a loner and doesn't join any powers. Ten years ago, he reached Golden Core. Some experts wanted to deal with him, but each time, he was able to turn misfortune into fortune. He suddenly disappeared these years. It seems like he obtained the profound of the stars." }

Gu Chensha thought back to that year when the stars descended, the black energy eroded the sun, and the heaven and earth shook. Many of the reincarnations of Xing Chen went into hiding after obtaining it. Recently, they appeared during the demon disaster.

Thinking about it, if one had obtained the Xing Chen Reincarnation back then, he would have become an expert after cultivating for so many years.

For example, the servant who was the reincarnation of Wuqu Xing that Chang Weiyang had obtained back then had also made rapid progress and had long cultivated to the Golden Core Realm.

What if it was someone who had reached the 18th transformation of Dao Realm, the Great Dao Golden Core, who obtained the profound of the Xing Chen Reincarnation? Moreover, it was two at once. Other than this, Gu Chensha could see that this Ling Shaofei had other fortuitous encounters.

However, the good thing was that this Ling Shaofei didn't seem to have joined the Alliance of Ten Thousand Immortals, nor did he plan to join Calming Celestial Department. He was free and unfettered, which was in line with the personality of the Flying Spirit Two Stars.

"The Flying Spirit Two Stars correspond to the Carefree Two Stars. If that's the case, then the Carefree Lord is probably about to come out." Gu Chensha speculated.

In the sky, the Flying Spirit Two Stars were ethereal and elegant, which contrasted with the Carefree Star and the Carefree Star.

In the ancient records, the Flying Spirit Two Stars would become men, while the Carefree Two Stars would become women. These two attracted each other and would become immortal companions.

In ancient times, the Flying Spirit Star and the Spirit Star would become two men. But today, they both landed on the body of one person, which meant that the Carefree Two Stars would become a woman. This was also the fate of the unseen.

The Reincarnated Stars possessed great luck. If one was captured, it would be of great benefit to the sect's Minor Chiliocosm or Minor Dust World.

The prayers and faith of the reincarnated Stars were more than ten times stronger than ordinary Peerless Geniuses. They were only slightly weaker than the Natural Saints.

It was also because of this that Zhuge Ya's current power of prayer could be compared to the 13 Divine level experts from the school of Legalism.

Zhuge Ya had obtained the Seven Star Profound Meaning that the ancient Jiang Gongwang had forcibly left behind. Now that he had two Seven Star Profound Meanings, he was equivalent to a Lord of Fourteen Stars. This was simply a heaven-defying method.

If it weren't for the great changes occurring to the Heavenly Dao, then a tribulation might have already descended and blown him to powder. Even a dimensional realm would find it difficult to protect him.

"I'm really envious."

Gu Chensha was still sighing. He was purposely trying to confuse Longevity God: "Brother Wulu, if that demon was killed, a hundred of us would have turned to powder. But that Ling Shaofei was able to seal us with just a wave of his hand. His methods are truly miraculous. Compared to him, aren't we just ants?"

"Brother Yiku, you don't need to belittle yourself. Maybe you will have a great fortune next." Longevity God looked at Ling Shaofei and already thought of a plan to take this person into his pocket.

Gu Chensha and Longevity God were chatting with each other as they inquired about the news and observed the situation of the cultivators who came and went.

The Mortal Life Pavilion of Jiang State City had become a gathering point for cultivators in the world, just like how the people of the pugilistic world liked to gather in teahouses and restaurants.

Longevity God casually strolled around, but in reality, he was looking for a great fortune. He seemed to have received pointers from an expert.

Gu Chensha talked to him and guessed all of his actions: "If I'm not wrong, this Longevity God received pointers from Wan Senshi and came here to find a great fortune. But no matter how strong Wan Senshi's calculations are, he can't calculate my existence."

Gu Chensha purposely said: "Brother Wulu, we just saw a few cultivators who seemed to have obtained a lot of benefits. Let's find something to do. Even if it's repairing bridges, dredging rivers, explaining spells, we can still get Human Dragon Pills."

"No rush." Longevity God waved his hand: "These are just small things. What we want is a great fortune."

While they were talking, a few cultivators suddenly descended from the sky. The moment they landed, they coughed up blood. One of the cultivators said, "Quickly go to the Mortal Life Pavilion for treatment. The Mortal Life Pavilion's medical skills are superb and can steal the fortune of the heavens." "What the hell happened?" "Wang Fuhu is a Dao Realm Transformation 13 expert, but now half of his body is gone? Can this Mortal Life Pavilion be saved? "

"They found a treasure trove in Jiang Prefecture's Mount Fugui, and they encountered the power of the treasure trove's restrictive spell." "Let's go take a look."

Many cultivators said, "Rumor has it that Mount Fugui used to be the temple of the God of Fortune dozens of years ago. Countless scholars went there to pray for the God of Fortune, and quite a few of them came true." "Let's go take a look."

Many cultivators flew into the air. Some cultivators hadn't reached Dao Realm Transformation Seven and didn't know how to fly. But they released the Human Dragon Sword that they obtained. They held onto the flying sword and used its power to glide in the air. This could barely be considered Sword Driving Flight.

Of course, some cultivators couldn't afford the Human Dragon Sword and Human Dragon Armor. Naturally, they had a way and they actually bought the Flying Fire Wings from the Celestial Craftsman Institute.

The Celestial Craftsman Institute crafted the Flying Fire Wings. It was a pair of wings made of rare metals and was like a backpack. It wasn't powered by spiritual energy but by the Flying Fire Stone that the Celestial Craftsman Institute made. It was placed in the grooves of the wings. There was a mechanism in the wings that would activate and charge into the sky.

This was a totally mechanical method and was totally different from celestial formations. It was a product of the prehistoric civilization.

Of course, apart from flying, the mechanical Flying Fire Wings didn't have any defensive or offensive abilities. It couldn't compare to the Human Dragon Armor at all. But because of that, the price was much cheaper.

One Human Dragon Sword was something that even cultivators who worked hard to gather herbs and treasures wouldn't be able to afford, much less the Human Dragon Armor. As for the Flying Fire Wings, basically all Dao Realm cultivators could buy it.

Therefore, a large number of cultivators had bought the Flying Fire Wings, allowing them to fly around freely.

Some cultivators bought Horned Flood Dragon Armor or Hornless Dragon Armor, then equipped them with the Flying Fire Wings and hand cannons.

This way, they could defend and attack as they pleased, but they were far inferior to the Human Dragon Armor.

After wearing the Human Dragon Armor, one could fly without a trace and move freely. The Human Dragon Sword, on the other hand, was extremely powerful. It could track enemies within fifty kilometers and take their heads. The Celestial Craftsman Institute made some cheap and practical gadgets that sold very well.

The Celestial Calmness Department didn't sell anything except the Three Dragon Set. It was a standard high-grade set and didn't take the low-grade route. It wasn't that the Celestial Calmness Department couldn't make these gadgets. In fact, now that the Wish Tree had been completed and the dimensional realm had advanced, anything could be born on the Wish Tree. Moreover, the ancient Lord of Seven Star Jiang Gongwang's machine-making skills were unparalleled. He didn't need to use any immortal dao techniques to create mechanical wooden birds and wooden oxen that could fly and walk.

But now, the Celestial Calmness Department was competing with the Celestial Craftsman Institute and breaking the agreement between the two.

Moreover, these things were a waste of time. If it were a peaceful era, they could create them. But with the Devil Calamity erupting, time was of the essence. Only the Three Dragon Set could improve one's strength. There was no need for anything else. War was war, peace was peace.

When he heard this news, joy appeared on Longevity God's face. He knew that his opportunity had arrived. He called out to Gu Chensha and flew up. He showed off his Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body strength.

After the Dao Realm Nine Transformation, one's body would be burned by the Samadhi True Flame. The meridians, acupoints, brain, dantian, and energy ocean would be reshaped. One's ability to store and condense energy would greatly increase. After cultivating to this realm, one's energy would be extremely dense, and one's flying speed and endurance wouldn't be something that the seventh and eighth transformations could compare to. Gu Chensha also flew up with Longevity God.

Fugui Mountain was originally a place for the Lu God. The Lu God was a god that sought wealth. Anyone who wanted to become an official could go there. As long as one was blessed, one would gain inspiration and luck. But there were many temples for the Lu God in the world, as many as the carps in the river. In Jiang Province, even if there weren't a thousand, there were at least 800 temples for the Lu God. Fugui Mountain was just one of them. When it was at its peak, there were temples for the Fu, Lu, and Longevity Gods in the 99 provinces. From the Emperor to the commoners. All of them worshiped the Fu, Lu, and Longevity Gods. This was because the three gods were True Gods conferred by the Son of Heaven and had God Positions. These three gods could indeed give people Fu, Lu, and Longevity Gods. Three lights at the peak.

"Fugui Mountain is up ahead," After flying for an hour, Longevity God and Gu Chensha arrived above Jiang Province's Fugui Mountain.

This Rich and Noble Mountain was also a famous mountain. It looked like a big ingot, and it was full of joy and wealth. This was naturally formed, and its fengshui was excellent. In history, there were many experts who lived on this mountain.

Dozens of years ago, Fugui Mountain was filled with people and there were many temple ruins. Unfortunately, they were all in ruins, just like the Hugu God Temple in the past.

Originally, Calming Celestial Department wanted to build a school to replace the original god temple.

Unfortunately, the Demon Disaster exploded in Sin Province. Since it was close to Jiang Province, the construction of the school had to stop. In the future, all the commoners in Jiang Province would have to slowly evacuate to the wilderness.