Chapter 947
===========

Master Chapter 944: Master

The new Sun Moon Lord Hua Mingsha is very strong. Who knows how the Emperor Of Heaven created him. His body is full of immortal substance, and it's level 7, true immortal.

This power is very scary. Long Xiangtian and the others' immortal substances are between level 2 and level 3 minor immortal.

The Emperor Of Heaven can directly refine level 7 true immortal. From this, one can see the difference between the Emperor Of Heaven and Long Xiangtian and the others.

However, Gu Chensha can create level 8 immortal, which means he's one level higher than the Emperor Of Heaven.

No one knew what the Celestial Monarch had refined into the body of this new Master of the Sun and Moon Hua Mingsha, but the attraction he exerted on the sun and moon of the Heaven Realm far surpassed Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha's control.

Originally, after Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha obtained the origin of the Lord of the Sun and Moon respectively and devoured the sun and moon of the Heaven Realm, each of their potential reached a thousand yuan. However, they could not control the sun and moon of the Heaven Realm, nor could they refine them into their own Yuan Shen and soul.

Now that the new Sun Moon Lord Hua Mingsha appeared, they couldn't suppress the sun and moon anymore.

"Not good!" Long Xiangtian roared. More immortal substance came out of his body, like a huge net, pulling the sun.

"Too naive, Long Xiangtian."

Hua Mingsha laughed coldly, "I am the new Sun Moon Lord. You stole Heaven Realm's sun and moon, betrayed Heavenly Court, and fought against the Emperor Of Heaven. You're seeking death. Also, Long Xiangtian, the immortal substance you refined is too low. It can't compare to the Emperor Of Heaven. My immortal substance is much stronger than yours. Your immortal substance is like gold to mine. I won't waste any more time. Heaven Realm's sun and moon, return to me and fuse with me. "

As she spoke, waves of immortal substance came out of Hua Mingsha's body. These immortal substances are much higher quality than Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha's.

Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha couldn't control it anymore. The sun and moon were about to be taken by Hua Mingsha.

"Otherworld!" At this moment, Ji Ningsha made her move. With a slight movement of the woman's, a gigantic "Otherworld" appeared.

The 'Other World' was originally the Soaring Dragon Celestial Realm. In order to create this world, Long Xiang Tian had spent a lot of effort. Later on, after changing its name to 'Other World', its power became even greater, and it seemed to be chasing after the Heavenly Court.

At that moment, the Otherworld's power was activated, and the Otherworld's power shook the heavens and the earth. Not only did it cover the Sun and Moon, but it also covered Hua Mingsha, trying to take this new ruler of the Sun and Moon.

"What new Master of the Sun and Moon? You probably don't know how powerful our newly refined Otherworldly World is. Once this Otherworldly World is completed, our position will be established. From now on, the Eternal World, the Otherworldly World, and the Heavenly Court will be in a tripartite balance. None of us can do anything to the other." "You rebels and traitors!"

Hua Mingsha's expression changed. Indeed, as soon as Ji Ningsha used the Otherworldly World, he couldn't block it. He couldn't unleash his power, and the immortal substance in his body was fading away. In the blink of an eye, a lot of it was being devoured.

After all, the Immortal substance in his body was bestowed upon him by the Celestial Thearch, not something he could refine himself. Therefore, he was still not proficient in controlling the Immortal substance. Moreover, the "Other World" was a name suggested by Gu Chensha, and it contained a great deal of destiny.

Most importantly, Ji Ningsha and the others already had mutated source energy. The mutated source energy was very powerful. It was level 8 immortal. It was stronger than the level 7 true immortal created by the Emperor Of Heaven. It was just that these people couldn't unleash its true power.

Only Gu Chensha could unleash the full power of level 8 immortal. He could even refine immortal substances from the sacrifices of living beings.

Therefore, when Gu Chensha turned into the "Civilization Sand" and blended in with Long Xiangtian and the others, they couldn't tell him apart.

"Zhang Ziran, aren't you going to come out?" Hua Mingsha immediately cried out. She was in great danger.

At this time, Zhang Ziran and the others came out. The Nine Heavenly Kings, Ancient Demon Sand, Lord of Demon World Maha, Lord of Immortal World Jiang Chuan, Lord of God World The Great Spirit God and the others formed a huge formation. This formation looked like the Heavenly Court. It fiercely crashed into the otherworld. Rumble! Under the collision, the void shattered. The human world seemed to shake. Hua Mingsha took the opportunity to change and suddenly broke free. However, he didn't obtain the Heaven Realm's sun and moon.

However, the Heaven Realm's sun and moon didn't return to Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha's body. Instead, they fused into the otherworld.

The moment the Heaven Realm's sun and moon fused into the otherworld, the otherworld shone brightly and expanded outwards. Then, it gave birth to an aura that was completely different from the human world but complemented each other.

"Not good, this otherworld is absorbing the human world's power and twisting it into an opposite power." Lord of the human world, Zhang Ziran, immediately sensed it.

"What are you waiting for?

At this time, refine the otherworld and destroy everything. Completely suppress these rebels. "Emperor of Earth said fiercely.

"Activate the power. Heavenly Court and Underworld, humans, demons, immortals, all order, suppress the ancient."

All the experts on Heavenly Court's side roared. Instantly, the formation crushed the otherworld again. It was like a bloody mouth that slowly swallowed the otherworld and digested it. The battle spread out and hid in many places in the human world.

If this was the Heaven Realm of the past, a battle of this level would probably cause chaos in the Heaven Realm. Fortunately, the human world now was much sturdier than the Heaven Realm of the past.

"Heavenly Court seems to be fighting with those mutants. I wonder who will win?"

Countless Sages, Sky Venerables, Sky Longevity Realm, and Sky Origin Realm experts in the human world were watching this battle. They communicated with each other with their divine will. One after another, they were guessing and preparing for the future.

"If I'm not wrong, Heavenly Court will win."

"Not necessarily. These people all obtained the mutant essence. That mutant essence is a mutant produced by the collapse of the Heavenly Dao.

Now that the Heavenly Dao has collapsed, Heavenly Court probably won't be able to control the situation. "

In a strange space, there were dozens of Sky Origin Realm experts, hundreds of Heavenly Lord Longevity Realm figures, and thousands of Sages gathered together. Three Sky Venerables were among them. Yuan Gu, Putuo, Dou Sheng.

They had originally pledged allegiance to Heavenly Court and worked under the Nine Heavenly Kings. However, in reality, they were only pretending to obey. They used Heavenly Court's power to build a country in the human world, gather faith, and collect sacrifices. Moreover, they seemed to have formed some kind of alliance with other experts.

However, Yuan Gu, Putuo, and Dou Sheng were no longer Sky Venerables, but Sky Origin Realm experts. All of them had broken through to the Sky Origin Realm. No one knew how many resources and cultivation bases they had seized to break through to this realm. Moreover, all of them were unfathomable, as if they weren't just at the First Origin Realm.

They were in this strange space in the human world. Many experts were watching this battle that would decide the future of the human world.

In this strange space, there was a huge mirror. As the mirror flashed, it vividly displayed the battle between Heavenly Court and the other realms.

Obviously, this kind of divine power and cultivation base was not something that the experts here could control. This was because even Zhang Ziran's expression could be seen in this mirror.

"Welcome, my lord."

At this moment, Yuan Gu, Dou Sheng, and Putuo knelt down as if they were welcoming the arrival of a great existence.

At this moment, dozens of Sky Origin Realm experts, hundreds of Sky Origin Realm experts, and thousands of Sages knelt down together. A figure appeared in front of the mirror. This figure seemed real and illusory, as if it was illusory.

However, he spoke. "Everyone, you have done well. You have provided me with many sacrifices. In the future, when I destroy Emperor Heaven and Gu Chensha, you will all be meritorious subjects. You will all enjoy immortality and indestructibility. I am not Emperor Heaven, who needs his subordinates to block disasters for him." "Yes!"

Yuan Gu said. "My lord is very powerful. If it wasn't for my lord's guidance, we wouldn't have been able to reach this realm.

Our current cultivation base is all thanks to my lord. Therefore, we will definitely be loyal to my lord.

We originally wanted to rely on Heavenly Court to obtain rewards from Emperor Heaven. Unfortunately, Emperor Heaven didn't give us any benefits at all. In this case, we might as well start anew. " "You are right. Anyone who follows me will receive benefits."

The mysterious lord said, "My current strength is not below Emperor Heaven and Gu Chensha. However, I don't want to show myself for the time being and become their target. Therefore, I will hide in the dark and let them fight to the death first. Then, I will come out and reap the benefits.

Also, you don't have to worry about being punished by Emperor Heaven after you rely on me. I can completely protect you, understand? " "Of course we believe in my lord's ability." Dou Sheng kowtowed again.

"Since that's the case, all of you can hide in this space and wait for the battle to end." The mysterious Lord disappeared again as he spoke.

Seeing the mysterious lord disappear, Dou Sheng and the other two communicated telepathically. "This person should be the one who obtained the huge mutated source. Otherwise, he wouldn't have said that he could fight against Emperor Heaven and Gu Chensha. However, this person has really given us many benefits. We can rely on him for a long time and squeeze some things out of him. If we can find a chance to devour him … "