Chapter 697
===========

"What a prosperous world. The Central Divine Continent, a land of ancient legends, a land of fortuitous encounters. We actually managed to reach this place.

Think about how prosperous our Great Fortune Empire is, but in the ancient legends, only the empire that enters the Central Divine Continent is the true one. They will be blessed by the heavens and obtain the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman. They will become the true Son of Heaven. "

On the square of the "New God Prefecture", under the golden splendor, there were a few people who were clearly not citizens of the Eternal Dynasty, or even people of the Four Wilds, or even people of the Great Wei Dynasty discussing.

"This isn't the real Divine Central Continent, but a new divine land that Myriad Immortal Master created with his own power. It's an existence that's identical to the divine land, and it's a teleportation point."

Another person said, "However, we can use this new teleportation gate to reach the true Central Divine Continent.

Now, I've heard that all sorts of treasures have exploded in the real Central Plains. There are fortuitous encounters everywhere. If we can go there, we'll be able to obtain many benefits. Unfortunately, it's currently being overseen by the Great Yong Imperial Court.

The officials are vicious and if we enter, we will be noticed and recorded. We might even be arrested. "

"I have heard news that the Central Divine Continent has 99 states. The cultivation of each state's officials is normal, ranging from Dao Realm Transformation Seven to Transformation Ten. The highest is the Law State Governor, who reached Transformation Twenty and cultivated magic power.

That isn't terrifying. What is terrifying is that each of them has a puppet behind them. All of them are Dao Realm Transformation 29 and are extremely close to God Realm. Moreover, their magic power is the supreme True Dragon Technique Stage Five. That is something that only a Saint can cultivate. How can a puppet cultivate the True Dragon Technique? "

"I find it weird too. The Great Yongchō Court has three people in control. The core person is called Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and Gu Huasha. They refined the legendary medium-sized world together. Even our Great Fortune Empire doesn't have that. "

"We'll have it soon. With the help of Wan Senshi, our Majesty will gather experts to refine it together. If we can find some key Primordial Treasures in the Divine Land, such as some of the Endless 36 Treasures, with the help of the Origin of the Endless World, we will be able to succeed in one fell swoop."

"I've also made some inquiries. Right now, Yongchō's population is already over 20 billion. If we don't include the Celestial Pacification Division, in terms of national strength, they are far inferior to our imperial court. Our Great Fortune Empire's population is several times that of Yongchō."

"You can't calculate it like that. There are many Saint and True God clans in the Central Divine Prefecture, and these clans have their own Minor Thousand Worlds. If you count them in, then they are extremely powerful."

"These aristocratic families have their own Minor Chiliocosms, which means they can call themselves a nation. They can't be considered part of the imperial court, and have nothing to do with the Yongchō. In addition, according to the current news, they are opposing the imperial court, and are planning to rebel. This is our chance.

"The disciples of the families of the Sages and True Gods often appear in the New God Prefecture. We can contact them and it will be beneficial to the imperial court." The bunch of them discussed. People outside might not be able to tell, but Gu Chensha knew it like the back of his hand. His Heaven Path Technique cultivation became more and more profound.

There were dozens of them and all of their cultivations were between Dao Realm Transformation 10 to Dao Realm Transformation 20.

The one in the lead was a teen, and his cultivation had actually reached 23 Past Reflection. No matter where he was, he would be an amazing expert.

One had to know that once one reached 23 Past Reflection, combat strength was secondary. The most important thing was to manage a country and develop one's power.

For example, there were many cases among the people that lacked evidence and could not be investigated. However, if a local official could reach the realm of "Past Reflection", he would be able to see everything clearly and naturally as long as he used this ability to look at it. It was as if he knew everything clearly and vividly.

Like that, be it subordinates, commoners, or other factions, they could only do things according to the rules. They couldn't cross the line at all, and they couldn't slack off either. This was because anything you did, even if it was in the past, would be revealed by using spells. Everything in the past wouldn't change or have any loopholes.

Whether a person was a traitor or a loyal person, good or evil, there was basically no way for them to hide.

The Calming Immortal Department had once conducted an experiment. If a city with a population of a million or several million people or even the surrounding areas had an expert who could reflect on the past overseeing the city to handle government affairs and even a series of other matters, then the order and rules of the city and the cohesion of the people would be several times, even ten times, than if there was no expert in the past overseeing the city.

It was because of this that all the states in the world had Common People's Generals to deal with government affairs. Every day, hundreds of thousands or even millions of matters would be dealt with one by one. They would be fair and impartial, and no one would be able to find any mistakes. They would only be dealt with strictly according to the laws and regulations.

Like that, even if the Demon Disaster army pressed down on the borders and the people panicked, the imperial court would still be able to stabilize the situation.

Other than that, when dealing with these government affairs, every time he handled one of them, the General of Common People would receive the admiration and admiration of the people. Over time, with the support of the people, it would seep into their magical power and change their functions. They would no longer be puppets, but true existences that were supported by the Heavenly Dao, destroyed by ghosts and gods, and nurtured by the sun and moon.

If they were just puppets that didn't deal with government affairs, weren't admired by the people, and weren't nurtured by the people, then they basically wouldn't have much of a future. This was what made Gu Chensha so powerful.

Gu Chensha had already understood the secret behind the nurturing of the geniuses of heaven, earth, and man.

"The Great Fortune Dynasty is actually a country outside of the Four Wildernesses. It's much further away than the Great Might Dynasty. The Great Might Dynasty is actually on a huge continent in the Desolate Sea. But the Great Fortune Dynasty is still outside, and even the gods can't fly over. "

Gu Chensha knew that the situation was getting more and more complicated. Many forces in the Mainland of Infinity would draw closer to the Divine Central Continent.

In the future, there might even be fluctuations in the Divine Central Continent, and passageways that connected many places in the Mainland of Infinity, and even many worlds, would appear. If that happened, the Divine Central Continent would become even more chaotic. Gu Chensha was making preparations for this. However, the most urgent matter at hand was to rescue Yuhuan Lu first.

Gu Chensha had actually already made his move. He activated the Heavenly Dao Power, and silently began to entangle the golden ornament. He could clearly sense an unparalleled will within the golden ornament. It was constantly lingering, as if waiting for someone to take the bait. As long as someone came to rescue her, the golden ornament would immediately unleash its power, pulling the rescuer into the ornament and binding them up. This was the power of the "Enlightened Sovereign" token. This was also Wan Senshi's trap.

In the past, Gu Chensha wouldn't have been able to tell, not even with the Heavenly Dao Power. After all, his level was far too low, and compared to Wan Senshi's, the difference was like the difference between heaven and earth.

But now, Gu Chensha had come up with all sorts of plans and strategies. He had acquired the North Star Emperor, and combined it with the Lord of the Sun and Moon, as well as the fragment of the Epoch Cruiser, to create the King of All Life.

The King of All Life was a celestial, and could dominate all creation. Furthermore, it had been painstakingly created by Gu Chensha, and was connected to Gu Chensha's power.

Because of that, Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Power contained the power of the North Star Emperor, as well as the power of the Paramita Golden Mount and a dimensional realm. With all three of those powers combined, not even Wan Senshi could do anything about it.

Of course, Gu Chensha didn't have the power to suppress Wan Senshi, and no one knew how many trump cards the old antique had up his sleeve. But if he wanted to rescue Yuhuan Lu, it would be more than enough.

Gu Chensha's method was very simple. It was to help Longevity God fight against the Warlock Sage. He did not destroy Immortal Teacher Wan's restriction. Instead, he used the Heavenly Law to bypass the seal and directly injected power into Da Yuhuanlu's body, causing her cultivation to improve.

"Your Highness?" In that moment, an image of Gu Chensha appeared in Yuhuan Lu's mind.

Yuhuan Lu was startled, and then Gu Chensha comforted her. "Yuhuan Lu, you've been here for several years. The Tranquil Immortal Department has been trying to find a way to save you, but Wan Senshi is too strong. For your safety, we can only wait. Now that I'm confident, I'll help you. I'll let you become one with the zither and devour Wan Senshi's Golden Zither.

This zither is a Connate Spirit Treasure, and it contains a formidable power. Wan Senshi wanted to capture all of us once he took the bait. Unfortunately, he can't suppress me now. "

"Your Highness, please rest assured. I've already made up my mind to die. I won't let this old thief go. Our irreconcilable enmity is irreconcilable.

Over the years, I've become indifferent, and I've already fused the power of the Myriad Melody Dragon Zither with me. "

Yuhuan Lu was getting very excited. "As long as Wan Senshi wants to refine me, I'll immediately sacrifice myself for my country. I won't have any regrets even if I die nine times."

"Wan Senshi is strong enough to refine you, but he doesn't think it's meaningful. He wants to use you as bait so that he can wipe out the entire Tranquil Immortal Department in one fell swoop."

Gu Chensha said, "Now, I'll show you that all the humiliation you've endured all these years has paid off. I'm going to raise you into a god-rank powerhouse!" As he spoke, Gu Chensha's power seeped into the depths of Yuhuan Lu's body.

"Your will is still present in the Myriad Melody Dragon Zither, and you're also a Primeval treasure. However, there's still room for improvement. Now that you've become one with Yuhuan Lu, you can protect Yuhuan Lu from harm. That's a great merit. I'll use the Heavenly Dao Magic to help you ascend once more. Medium Chiliocosm, supreme evolution." Gu Chensha unleashed all of his comprehensions.