Chapter 348
===========

In the Demon Domain, Gu Chensha had finally dispersed all the Core Qi from the Tanzhong acupoint in his chest to all the acupoints and meridians in his body, strengthening and nourishing his body.

Without the Core Qi, he did not feel empty. On the contrary, after his body was nourished by the Core Qi, his ability to breathe had at least doubled. Originally, wherever he flew, the demonic Qi in a radius of several dozen kilometers would almost instantly be sucked into the Black Maha Sun. But now, the demonic Qi in a radius of nearly a hundred kilometers was instantly sucked away, turning into a vacuum. The demonic Qi almost instantly disintegrated into demonic nature, condensing into Heavenly Demon Pagoda and spirit crystals. The demonic Qi in the Demon Domain was very dense, and it was very easy to absorb.

The Heavenly Demon Pagoda was condensed from pure demonic nature, used to kill and attack. After being condensed by Gu Chensha, it became more and more powerful. Within the Heavenly Demon Pagoda, there seemed to be faint phantoms of some Heavenly Demons.

Of course, these were just phantoms. They were not even puppets, but a kind of demonic technique. Their only use was to sense a person's essence and fiercely pounce forward, using the "Heavenly Demon Disintegration" to cause new damage to the enemy.

Gu Chensha fled for a day and a night, but his cultivation did not drop. Instead, the Heavenly Demon Pagoda became more and more powerful. When the phantoms of the Heavenly Demons that pounced out encountered the four great experts, they would begin to disintegrate, often causing the four great experts to be covered in dust.

The four great experts slowly formed an encirclement, wanting to force Gu Chensha into some dangerous place.

As they chased, a chain of mountains appeared in the distance in the Demon Domain. The mountains were extremely tall, and there was a green phosphorescence burning on them. They also had a magnetic force that interfered with people's primordial spirits.

These tall and majestic mountains stretched for thousands of kilometers. In the center of the mountains, there was a dilapidated and decaying Demon Palace. It seemed to be a remnant of the Ancient War of Gods and Demons. Buzz …

Gu Chensha's primordial spirit and sea of consciousness shook, as if they were also being interfered with. His speed slowed down.

At this time, the four experts took the opportunity to occupy all directions to prevent him from escaping again.

"Brother Chensha, this place is one of the most dangerous places in the Devil Region. During the ancient Fiendgod Great War, a devil who had cultivated to the Saint Devil realm left this place behind. Although that Saint Devil has already died, his remaining will and blood transformed into jade-green flames that never extinguish in this Devil Mountain. Anyone who enters this place, regardless of whether they are humans or devils, would be affected by the jade-green flames. Only those who had cultivated magic power would not be affected by the magnetic field here.

Although Brother Chensha's battle prowess is strong, realms are still realms. We are all people who have transformed our Primordial Divinity, Gale, and flesh into Dharmic powers. You, on the other hand, have not cultivated Dharmic powers and do not know the laws. You will be restrained by the Demonic Will here. This is the difference in realms. " Gu Huo controlled the situation and spoke with fervor and assurance.

"You little bastard! You're like a mouse, you've finally fallen into a desperate situation." Xiao Yan was infuriated.

"Cut the crap. Capture him. His primordial spirit is currently restricted, and his strength has decreased by at least half. It will be much easier to deal with him. I want him to suffer a fate worse than death. "Elder Wang Ji revealed a ferocious smile.

"Die." Jing Fanxing was eager. During the process of chasing Gu Chensha, he was filled with rage.

He reached out with his fingers and instantly a whirlpool appeared. A gate appeared from his body. This was the Heaven and Earth Gate Transformation formed from Dharmic powers.

The servant who fought for the Martial Song Planet was reincarnated. Jing Fanxing activated the Black Heaven Earth Gate Transformation, and with the help of dozens of Wu Clan's experts, they were able to trap Fa Wuxian. But in the end, Fa Wuxian fought back and snatched the reincarnated Wu Qu Xing. Unfortunately, no one could stop Chang Weiyang from the Universe Gate.

It seemed like Jing Fanxing's Heaven and Earth Gate Transformation was quite amazing. After all, it was the sect protection technique of the Heaven and Earth Gate.

Now, Jing Fanxing had cultivated Dharmic powers and was able to form the Heaven and Earth Gate. However, he used a portion of his power to form the gate and didn't go all out.

"This place is really weird. It is actually suppressing my primordial spirit to the point where I can't use it. Even my sea of consciousness isn't sensitive."

Gu Chensha sensed the magnetic pole and the demonic power deep within the mountain. It wanted to suck in his primordial spirit and lock it up. This was indeed a dangerous place.

As for Jing Fanxing, Gu Huo, Wang Ji, and Xiao Yan, the four great experts, they had all cultivated magic power and would not be affected by the environment here. It seemed like they had planned it and wanted to force him into despair. Honglong! The Heaven and Earth Gate Transformation pressed down on his head. Gu Chensha couldn't move at all.

"Heaven Demon Pagoda, explode!"

He smashed the Heaven Demon Pagoda that he had gathered over the past few days towards the giant gate. It exploded and the Heaven Demon Disintegration finally stopped the suppression of the gate.

"Kill!"

At this moment, Xiao Yan and Wang Ji's Sword Qi arrived. The two of them moved and emitted a five-colored sword light. It was formed from magic energy and contained the power of the five elements. When the sword light slashed out, it contained rumbling lightning. This was the Five Elemental Divine Lightning.

Once one cultivated to the 21st transformation, the power of the five elements would gather and change one another. When one attacked, it would turn into the Five Element Lightning. One lightning would cause the five elements to move at the same time and they could create and destroy life.

When the two of them worked together, their sword energy could even destroy a mountain, turning it to dust. They could also make the mountain full of life and the five elements.

When the five elements flowed, it was life. When the five elements were reversed, it was destruction. Now, to deal with Gu Chensha, naturally, he would use the reversal of the five elements.

Gu Chensha activated the astral energy and primordial spirit in his body. He used the Ten Thousand Mile Flying Cloud Technique and wanted to leave this place. His two swords slashed through nothing but air.

At this moment, Gu Huo lightly slapped out with his palm. He immediately used his Dharmic power to create a formation that blocked Gu Chensha's path. He didn't attack. "Brother Chensha, you should be more obedient. Don't struggle or you'll suffer. We're going to refine you now and turn you into a devil. We'll make you lose your nature and cause a storm of blood in the Yongchō."

Gu Chensha was forced back by his Dharmic power. He couldn't advance even half a step and was forced back.

This was because his primordial spirit was suppressed and he could only use half of his strength. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been forced back by a single palm.

However, even though he was in a hopeless situation, Gu Chensha did not panic at all. He seemed to have expected this to happen. He only treated this matter as a tribulation in his life. Cultivating to the Gold Core was to increase one's lifespan. It could also be considered as going against the Heavenly Dao. There must be a tribulation in the unseen world.

"Common People's Wish."

At this moment, Gu Chensha wasn't in a rush. He opened his arms and turned his primordial spirit and Xiantian Astral Energy into an eggshell. It was like a small Common People's Wish ball that wrapped around him. He just floated in the air and allowed these people to attack him. He didn't move at all.

That day, when he used Xiantian Astral Energy, he could cover 1,000 miles of land. Within this area, even demons at the Ten Changes of Dao Realm wouldn't be able to enter. At that time, he was only at the Fourteen Changes of Dao Realm. Now, he was at the Seventeen Changes of Dao Realm Soul Splitting and had comprehended many theories. At this moment, he was dozens of times stronger than before.

He used all of his power to create a small sphere of Common People's Wish. This sphere enveloped him, and the power gathered, giving off a bright light. At the same time, the demonic energy around teleported into the ball to replenish his energy. Honglong!

Jing Fanxing used the Heaven and Earth Transformation once more to try to break the protection of the ball. Unfortunately, the ball only shook for a while and no cracks appeared at all.

Elder Wang Ji and Xiao Yan slashed down with their sword energy but they couldn't harm Gu Chensha at all.

Gu Chensha comprehended the structure of the Common People's Wish ball. Along with the time power in his body, when he used it, he had an absolute defense that couldn't be broken.

"Brother Chen Sha, you are indeed powerful. I admire you. Even at this point, you are still fighting like a cornered beast. Unfortunately, you are like a tortoise hiding in its shell. At most, you can only last for a short period of time."

Gu Huo used his own strength and instantly, disaster energy locked down the area, "Last time, I used the Nine Disaster Transformation to try to refine Brother Chensha. In the end, Brother Chensha actually jumped out of my body and snatched my Golden Pellet. Today, I want to see whether or not Brother Chensha has the ability to do that." Ghosts cried and gods howled. Disaster descended.

Gu Huo's body had already disappeared and in its place was a disaster cloud that covered an area of tens of acres. It wrapped Gu Chensha within and let out a huge roar of wind and fire. Instantly, Gu Chensha's ball shook violently and many cracks appeared on it. But Gu Chensha spun and a lot of energy appeared in his body, mending the cracks once more.

"Let's see how long you can last."

Elder Wang Ji let out a menacing voice. He used all his strength to activate his sword energy and thunder to attack relentlessly and whittle down Gu Chensha's vitality.

Jing Fanxing, on the other hand, activated his Black Heaven Earth Gate Transformation in an attempt to absorb power from Gu Chensha.

But Gu Chensha did not move at all. He sat in his Common People's Wish ball, unbreakable and impervious to all evils.

Xiao Yan hoped to see panic on Gu Chensha's face, but was disappointed. Gu Chensha's expression was always cold and indifferent. The four of them felt a bit of fear, and were certain that he had some sort of backup plan.

"Jing Fanxing, a long night is fraught with trouble. Use your trump card and break this little bastard's Qi barrier." At that moment, Wang Ji's voice rang out.

"That's a trump card," said Elder Wang Ji. "It's not convenient to use it right now, just in case he has something up his sleeve.

If Zhuge Ya, the Lord of Seven Stars, comes to the rescue, I'll leave this trump card for him. Capture him and destroy him. "