Chapter 357
===========

Jing Family Head Jing Qiu was an expert at the 25th transformation of Dao Realm, Undying Body. He could see the past and see the future. Logically speaking, he wouldn't do anything to anger Jing Xian Si.

After all, the world was still under the control of the Great Yongchō. The Heavenly Talisman Monarch suppressed the gods and devils, as well as the Heavenly Dao. Even some of the older Sages and the three Heavenly Venerables didn't dare to come out in the open.

Although the Undying Body was strong, compared to the three great Empyreans, it could not be considered an ant. It was merely a slightly larger animal. There must be a reason why the Jing family was so arrogant.

Gu Chensha naturally would not act blindly without thinking. After so many years, he had long learned to endure, be precise, and be ruthless. Otherwise, from the time he was born to the age of fifteen, he had suffered all kinds of humiliation in the imperial palace, pretending to be a fool, and would not have survived long ago.

At that moment, he stayed in the Governor's Mansion to see what Zhuge Ya and the others thought. At the same time, he told Han Wuqin not to act rashly.

"Han Wuqin, I heard that the Jing Family intends to propose marriage. Is that true?" Gu Chensha suddenly asked.

"Your Highness, please understand. The Jing Family has indeed expressed their desire to form a marriage alliance with the Han Family. Not long ago, Jing Xing, a disciple of the Jing Family, came into contact with a woman over a man."

Han Wuqin hurriedly said, "From the looks of it, the Jing family has wild ambitions. How could my daughter marry such a person?" "What does your daughter think?" Gu Chensha looked at Han Qingnan.

"The Jing Family harbored evil intentions and went against the Imperial Court. This is already treason."

Han Qingnan was the Governor's daughter. She was usually arrogant, but she was not stupid. On the contrary, she was very intelligent. At this time, she had already sensed the seriousness of the situation. Feeling a little scared, she quickly expressed her attitude, "This group of rebels should be punished. This little girl dares not have anything to do with them." "That's good."

Gu Chensha looked at the sky and pondered, "That old fellow Jing Qiu must have something to rely on. Or perhaps, he must have something to gain from it. That's why he dared to oppose me. Azure Dragon Blood and Azure Dragon Grass. Did that mean that they had formed a relationship with the Black Heaven Earth Sect?

If I make a move against the Jing family, will I attract the attention of the Black Heaven Earth Sect Leader? Are we going to start a war with the imperial court so soon? " In the world of the Hope of the People sphere. Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, and the others also received news from Gu Chensha.

"Simply audacious."

Lou Baiyue opened her eyes, which were full of killing intent. "Chensha was kind enough to negotiate with Jing Qiu so that the Jing Family wouldn't be destroyed. I didn't expect that the Jing Family wouldn't give him face and go against the imperial court. Mr. Zhuge, what do you think Jing Qiu is relying on?"

"That Jing Qiu naturally has a backer. The Scenic Martial Chamber of Commerce has been operating in secret all these years. Although they say that it's managed by Jing Fanxing and Wu Dangkong, it's actually all because of that Jing Qiu. Of the two words' Scenic Martial ', the' Jing 'is ranked first. Is it really because of that useless Jing Fanxing?"

Zhuge Ya pondered for a while, as if calculating something. "Jing Fanxing assassinated His Highness. Regardless of whether he succeeds or not, the imperial court won't let the Jing Family go. If I were Jing Qiu, I would definitely stop Jing Fanxing if there wasn't a huge benefit.

Now that he's tacitly agreed to this, he's disloyal to the imperial court. This time, he's not feigning civility.

He's slapping His Highness's face, slapping Calmness Deity Bureau's face, and slapping the imperial court's face. If we compromise this time, the Immortal Dao, Wu Dangkong, and Gu Tanjian will add fuel to the fire, and our prestige will be greatly damaged. "

"Then what should we do, Mr. Zhuge?" The Fourth was calmer, and he was also analyzing the countermeasures in detail.

"Since the Jing Family has done this, then we'll do things according to official procedures. Investigate those who should be investigated, arrested, and killed those who should be killed. The Calmness Deity Bureau's prestige will begin with the Jing Family. "

Zhuge Ya said, "I originally wanted His Highness to go to Jing Province in the hopes that Jing Qiu would repent. Given his personality, he would probably feign civility and give up some of the benefits. He wouldn't offend either side. But since he's gone this far, he can't blame us. Does he think that his undying body is invincible? Then I'll personally apprehend him. " "Mr. Zhuge, you're going to do it yourself?"

Lou Baiyue was delighted. "But Jing Qiu is a wily old fox, and his cultivation base is profound. You haven't mastered some of his skills yet …"

"Ever since I joined the Calmness Deity Bureau, all I've done is give advice and suggestions. I haven't had any actual accomplishments. It's about time I took action."

Zhuge Ya waved his hand. "Jing Qiu is a wily old fox, and his cultivation base is unfathomable. Perhaps he has other trump cards, but that doesn't count for anything. I'm the Lord of Seven Stars. If I can't even deal with a nobody like him? How am I supposed to stand proudly between heaven and earth? "

Logically speaking, an undying body at the twenty-fifth transformation of the Dao Realm was roughly on the same level as the sect leaders of the Immortal Dao's Seventy-Two Archaic Profound Sects. In ancient times, they'd been incredibly powerful, but compared to the Lord of Seven Stars, they were far inferior.

"Shouldn't we all work together to wipe out the Jing Family?

Aside from Jing Qiu, the Jing Family has other experts, and many other aristocratic families are involved. In addition, the old-timers from the Black Heaven Earth Sect will definitely take action. "

Lou Baiyue stood up. "But that's fine. Let the Calmness Deity Bureau make a name for itself. Let's see if those aristocratic families dare to provoke us again." "Don't act rashly," said Zhuge Ya.

Zhuge Ya said, "Actually, this is not a good time for a large-scale war. At the moment, we should focus on stability. As long as we capture Jing Fanxing and Jing Qiu, then publicly announce their crimes, the Black Heaven Earth Gate will not have the guts to start a war with the imperial court." "Is Mr. Zhuge confident in this matter?"

Jin Suibo knew many secrets. The aristocratic families were all under his supervision. In some ways, the aristocratic families were also part of the immortal dao. They were no weaker than the Immortal Dao's Seventy-Two Archaic Profound Sects.

"If we can't even take down the puny Jing Family, then our Calmness Deity Bureau's efforts would have been for nothing."

Zhuge Ya laughed. "The previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gong, was able to trap the Divine Prefecture's number one fiend. So what if Jing Qiu has an undying body?

Although he can see the past and peek into the future, there are countless changes in the future. How can he peek into them all?

Moreover, it was very likely that the future he peered into had been deceived by the heavens, creating an illusion for him. Otherwise, he wouldn't have been blinded by greed.

In any case, Princess Yuefu, Suibo, and the Fourth Marquis shouldn't do anything. If we go all out against the Jing Family, even if we win, we'll become a laughingstock.

Suibo's job is to contact the immortal dao, transport resources into the Common People's Wish sphere, and build the altar.

If Princess Yuefu wants to get some exercise, why don't you go to the Demon Realm and kill some demons who have cultivated magic power? Kill a few of them and offer them to the Common People's Wish sphere. That way, the Touch of the Supernatural can evolve into a Heavenly Demon Tree. "

Because Liu Yu and the other four had joined forces to kill all kinds of demons and offer them to the Common People's Wish sphere, the Touch of the Supernatural was flourishing. It kept growing inside the Common People's Wish sphere, adjusting the vital energy and increasing the sphere's vitality. Gradually, the entire sphere began to fuse as one, and the vital energy's frequency began to match the various dimensions.

"Hundred Realms Gather Gods, Myriad Spirits Face the Truth."

Zhuge Ya suddenly performed a hand seal, and countless tunnels appeared within the sphere in an instant. Spiritual Qi flowed out without restraint, condensing into Spirit Crystals on the ground. Then, Immortal Qi descended rapidly as well, and all sorts of dimensional energies gushed into the sphere.

Some energies tangled with each other, creating huge explosions. After the explosions, new resources appeared. Zhuge Ya began to speed up the construction inside the Common People's Wish sphere.

This Dharma treasure had not been formed for long. It still needed many years of tempering and brewing, just like brewing wine. The older an ancient Dharma treasure was, the more powerful it was.

For example, the Black Heaven Earth Gate was obtained by someone after it was born from the Primordial Chaos Tree. A sect was established with it as its foundation, and many primordial divine beasts were raised there. There was even an ancient green dragon. After being nourished for tens of thousands of years, one could imagine how powerful it was.

However, the Heavenly Demon Book inside the Common People's Wish sphere had been nurtured by Hu Gu for many years. It contained a lot of power of faith. Now that Zhuge Ya was gradually activating it, it was about to evolve into another world.

Originally, even with Lou Baiyue's strength, she did not know how to nurture such a huge Dharma treasure. However, Zhuge Ya had obtained Jiang Gongwang's memories, so he had seen all kinds of Dharma treasures. With him nurturing it, the sphere could evolve even faster. Jing Prefecture Governor Manor.

Gu Chensha used his spiritual sense to sense everything that was happening in the Common People's Wish sphere. In the depths of his mind, he felt that the sphere was jumping and wriggling in the endless chaotic space. Each moment, it would absorb ocean amounts of spiritual energy, celestial energy, and various dimensional energies. It formed layers of formations within the sphere space to nurture the Touch of Ghost and God tree.

"Mr. Zhuge is personally dealing with Jing Qiu." Gu Chensha already knew Zhuge Ya's intentions, so he was a little excited. Zhuge Ya's cultivation was at the 21st transformation of the Dao Realm.

Originally, he cultivated to the twentieth transformation and cultivated magical power. He needed to consolidate it, but after helping Wu Dangkong carry out the Hundred Realms Great Sacrifice, his body improved again. Then, with the help of the Common People's Wish sphere, he successfully cultivated the twenty-first transformation into five elements. To him, raising his cultivation realm was just too easy. It wouldn't be surprising for him to reach the 36th transformation, Embodiment Transformation. This was something that Gu Chensha couldn't compare to.

Since Zhuge Ya was personally attacking, then it would be tough for Jing Qiu to escape. As for the other members of the Jing Family, Gu Chensha alone could deal with them.

"I will not make any moves and wait for Mr. Zhuge to find a chance. If he captures Jing Qiu, then I will wipe out his entire family!"

Gu Chensha's gaze was cold. Although he wasn't a cruel official, he wasn't a kind person either. His responsibility was to protect the laws of the world. If the laws were destroyed, then the world would be in chaos. He stayed in the office of the Governor of Jingzhou's Mansion, settled down, and plotted everything.

And at this time, in the Jing Family's courtyard not far from the governor's office, Jing Fanxing and Gu Danjian were chatting merrily and wittily.