Chapter 1013
============

Peace of Heaven and Earth Peace of Heaven and Earth Peace of Heaven and Earth Just like that. Gu Chensha occupied the imperial court and changed the dynasty in public. No one dared to oppose it.

Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha, Emperor Heaven, and Human Ancestor Zhang Ziran did not dare to oppose it. Devouring Ancestor Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God had become two dogs, while Wan Senshi and Wu Dangkong had become two horses. Sword Ancestor Gu Tanjian and Saber Ancestor Gu Changjian had become a saber and a sword.

This kind of deterrence was extremely shocking in the hearts of the higher-ups. Although everyone had their own thoughts, on the surface, they did not dare to casually resist Gu Chensha.

This was the effect that Gu Chensha wanted. He increased the power of the human world, causing countless heroes to be born in the past thousand years. These powerful existences did things their own way, and in the chaos, they also created many civilizations and created many stories of sorrow and joy. The emotions of the whole human world gathered together and reached the limit.

It was this kind of emotion that made Gu Chensha complete the Dragonless Cultivation Method and reach the ninth level of the Immortal Realm, the Supreme Immortal Realm.

Because he had reached the ninth level of the Immortal Realm, he could almost play with any powerful beings at will. Even Gu Huasha and Emperor Heaven were in his control. They could not free themselves and could not resist at all.

However, if that terrible thing was born, it would also have the power of the ninth level of the Immortal Realm. If the two of them fought, the world would be destroyed billions of times. At that time, everything would be gone. Only Gu Chensha and that terrible thing would be fighting, which was not what Gu Chensha needed.

Therefore, Gu Chensha had to strengthen the human world, strengthen the universe, and protect all living beings.

Now that he had unified the Human Realm, what he wanted to do was to hope that everyone would learn the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and then use this Heart Sutra to stimulate the great power within their hearts, and then feedback it to the Human Realm.

There were countless living beings in the human world. If all of them learned the Dragonless Cultivation Method and gave it back to the human world, how strong would the human world be?

At that time, even if Gu Chensha fought with that terrible thing, he could not destroy the human world.

Moreover, the human world was created by Gu Chensha. In the past thousand years, he had completely changed and expanded the human world. The power of the human world was closely related to him. It was almost like a clone of him.

In addition, it could be said that the human world was Gu Chensha's magic treasure, because the entire human world had been deeply branded by Gu Chensha. If the human world was completely changed, it would also increase Gu Chensha's resources.

After everyone had learned the Dragonless Cultivation Method, no matter how high or low they were, they would use their own spirit power to strengthen the human world. Then, Gu Chensha would truly achieve the tenth level of immortality, "No Immortality Without Existence".

At that time, all living beings would be him, he would be all living beings, non-living beings would also be him, he would also be non-living beings.

Everything that was tangible was him, invisible was also him, neither tangible nor invisible was also him.

What existed was him, what didn't exist was also him, since it didn't exist, it wasn't that non-existent was also him. This realm was "No Immortality Without Existence". It was also the true realm. Gu Chensha finally found his direction.

A wave of power spread out. The entire imperial palace began to change rapidly, becoming more magnificent by a thousand times. Moreover, it entered a special space-time. This space-time folded into the infinite space-time. This was Gu Chensha's transformation of the imperial palace, turning it into Yongchō. He still continued the foundation of the word "Yongchō".

"The imperial palace has changed." In the capital. Countless people were discussing spiritedly.

At this time, countless messages were being transmitted, indicating that the illustrious imperial palace had changed into the imperial palace. The once illustrious Human Ancestor Zhang Ziran had become a vassal, and the true Emperor had become Gu Chensha.

In a restaurant, a large screen was being transmitted from the imperial palace. It was Zhang Ziran's speech.

"Everyone, I, Zhang Ziran, the Human Ancestor, will now voluntarily abdicate and become a vassal. The Unparalleled Emperor, the Unparalleled Ancestor, the Unparalleled Lord, Gu Chensha will become the Lord of Yongchō." The image of Zhang Ziran kowtowing to Gu Chensha was also being broadcasted.

Now, the Great Yong Dynasty had long since become a combination of countless top-notch civilizations such as the Immortal Dao Civilization, the Technological Civilization, and the Magical Civilization. Here, all sorts of bizarre things could be found, and all sorts of races could be found.

"The dynasty changed just like that?" A few businessmen who were drinking were all surprised. "There was no fight at all? Even the Devouring Ancestor Fa Wuxian has become a dog?

Over the past thousand years, the Ancestral Devourer Art of No Immortals could be said to be the most ferocious character in the countless time-space, continents, and timelines. He has devoured countless important figures, countries, and even continents. " "He's too ferocious. Being subdued and turned into a dog, he deserves it."

One of the businessmen had a vague silhouette of a snake on his body. Clearly, he was a snake demon. But the demon race roamed everywhere, so it wasn't a big deal for them to take human form and do business with humans. Here, as long as they obeyed the law, they could do whatever they wanted.

"Look, this is the imperial palace's policy."

Someone pointed to the huge screen in the restaurant. "It says that the entire population will be promoting the Dragonless Cultivation Art. No matter who it is, as long as they comprehend the essence of the Dragonless Cultivation Art, they will be able to obtain whatever they want based on their contribution to the Human Realm."

"The method to comprehend the Dragonless Cultivation Art, as well as the method to cultivate it, is also displayed on the screen. Hurry up and record it down, we'll start cultivating as well."

"To think that the Dragonless Cultivation Art would be made public. It's rumored that as long as one truly comprehends the Dragonless Cultivation Art, they won't need any external energy, and will be able to unleash a mighty spirit force from the depths of their soul. Once this spirit force is unleashed, it will never dry up." "I heard that the imperial palace is preparing to select talents, and has set up a system.

Look, they've divided the Dragonless Cultivation Art into many different levels. Every time one advances a level, they will receive preferential treatment from the imperial palace. It's just like the imperial examinations of those backward dynasties.

"Let's observe the changes. I feel like this is a good chance to advance."

"Our cultivation is actually quite shallow. We have only reached Dao Realm Twenty Changes and haven't even reached God Realm. In many small places, we would be considered important people, but here, we are nothing. Here, God Realm and Saints can only be servants. Sky Lord Realm is just a small position." "The world is about to change …" The news spread like the plague. At that moment, within the palace, Gu Chensha was holding a small meeting.

He sat on the throne while Lou Baiyue sat beside him. The others were all standing, including Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Huasha. The people in the meeting were all ancestors.

Apart from Gu Chensha's own people, there were Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Huasha, Spell Ancestor, Taoist Ancestor, Alien Ancestor, Yi Ancestor, etc. Apart from that, even Destiny Ancestor and Reverse Ancestor were here.

These two people were famous people in the past 1,000 years. Destiny Ancestor destroyed the Six Great Countries and formed the Great Fate Dynasty. Reverse Ancestor destroyed Emperor Of Heaven's Son of Destiny and became the main character. But the two of them met Gu Chensha.

The two of them had thought that there was not much difference between them and Gu Chensha, but they did not expect that Gu Chensha would be able to casually send them into the cycle of reincarnation, letting them know how great the difference was. It was like a newborn facing a famous cultivator.

At the same time, seeing Emperor Of Heaven submit, Destiny Ancestor and Reverse Ancestor knew that the situation could not be reversed. At the same time, they also knew Gu Chensha's determination. For the sake of all living beings, he could use any method at this stage. Just look at Fa Wuxian and The Great Spirit God.

"Everyone, the order has been issued. Next, it is up to you to go to various places, to the billions of continents and space-time in the human world to spread the Dragonless Heart Sutra. At the same time, make them completely submit to our Yongchō's rule. I believe that you will all be able to do well." Gu Chensha said, "Destiny Ancestor." "Your subordinate is here."

Destiny Ancestor hurriedly stepped forward, not daring to be negligent. "Our Great Fate Dynasty has now been completely reformed, becoming a continent of Yongchō. This is all the information about our Great Fate Dynasty. Is there anything Your Majesty needs to improve?"

As he spoke, Destiny Ancestor handed over a booklet. It contained a huge amount of data, including the population, wealth, social class, officials, and countless other things of the Great Fate Dynasty.

Gu Chensha did not look at it. He let Zhuge Ya and Jin Suibo hold it. "Very good. The Great Fate Dynasty has done well." "Your Majesty."

The Human Ancestor, Zhang Ziran, said, "I've already notified the Confucianism Ancestor to come and join us, but he completely ignored me. In fact, he's even joined forces with the other ancestors to attack us. He has left the Confucianism Continent to contact many people, such as the Ancestor of Mercy, the Ancestor of Personal Loyalty, the Ancestor of Wisdom, the Ancestor of Faith, the Ancestor of Loyalty, the Ancestor of Filial Piety, the Ancestor of Frugality, the Ancestor of Justice, and the Ancestor of Purity. In addition, there are other ancestors in the human world who have also formed alliances, such as the Evil Ancestor, the Ancestor of Evil, the Ancestor of Evil, the Ancestor of Violence, the Ancestor of Sin, the Ancestor of Cruelty, the Ancestor of Evil, the Ancestor of Destruction, the Ancestor of Destruction, the Ancestor of Destruction, and the Ancestor of Destruction."

"It really is the Three Thousand Ancestors," Gu Chensha said. "It seems that if I want these ancestors to completely submit to me, I'll need a lot of tricks."

"Your Majesty's cultivation base allows you to resurrect and destroy the human world at will. As long as Your Majesty personally takes action, any ancestor who refuses to submit will die," said the Reverse Ancestor. He knew very well how powerful Gu Chensha was.

"If I have to do everything, then what's the point of having you?"

Gu Chensha looked around. "My original intention was to build a dynasty, and that was to constantly filter and refine. If I have to do everything, then I might as well just destroy the human world and spend a lot of time creating new races. If they aren't satisfied, then I'll just wipe them out and create them again. That way, I'll be able to create a perfect race."