Chapter 278
===========

"If we can open the Sky Monster Book and use its power to merge with Buzhou Palace, even experts ten times stronger than us won't be able to break our defense." The four experts sat in different positions. Lou Baiyue was in the lead and when she spoke, two of her appeared above her head. This was the peak of the seventeenth transformation, Dao Splitting Soul.

On that day, Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha had cultivated arduously for several months and refined the Saintly Dragon Celestial Armament into the Heaven Mending General. She had already broken through from the Fifteen Transformations "Heaven's Eye Suspending" to "Reincarnation in a Corpse". While Gu Chensha had been searching for the reincarnated Xing Chen in Langzhou for half a year, Lou Baiyue had also cultivated arduously and made another breakthrough.

After Gu Chensha brought Zhuge Ya back, another two months passed. During the time that Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue laid out the formation, their soul power was accumulated to the max. They finally split out three souls and reached the max.

Right now, Lou Baiyue wanted to push his cultivation level to the 18 Transformations of the Great Dao Golden Core. Once his Golden Core was formed, his power would multiply, and the Great Massacre God Art would be able to unleash its true power.

The Great Dao Golden Core Realm was the peak. Once one cultivated it, 99% of one's Xiantian energy and one's soul would crystallize and turn into a golden core. This golden core was the source of one's power, the foundation of one's undying body, and what one could rely on to go against the heavens.

Thinking about it, when one reached this transformation, one's lifespan would increase by three times and reach a lifespan of 1,000 years. This was a true change in life form. Lou Baiyue used this chance to try to break through. The stronger she was, the better.

"Last time, we were sucked into the book and nearly couldn't get out."

Gu Chensha recalled the last time. They had almost been wiped out by Li Wanlong's concubine, Que Ying 'er. "But as we cultivate, everyone's cultivation has improved greatly. This time, I hope we can break open this object in one go and grasp its core."

"Right now, we can't unleash the full power of Buzhou Palace. If we could, we would be able to create weapons, armor, pills, and all sorts of other things. We would be no weaker than the Heavenly Craftsmen Institute."

The Fourth shook his head. "We are still too weak. None of the three Chief Ministers have been able to advance to the Jindan Great Path." "There's no hurry. Let's take it slow. Haste makes waste." Gu Chensha was very open-minded.

His current cultivation had also reached a critical point. Previously, when he absorbed the Heavenly Divine Light, his mental force had greatly increased. Traces of Pure Yang True Fire were actually born in his Sea of Consciousness. After cultivating for so long, his Sea of Consciousness was now scarlet red. His mental force was vibrating with a blazing heat that could not be looked at directly.

If an expert were to invade his sea of consciousness with his primordial spirit at this moment and try to control his mind, it would be fun.

As long as he broke through slightly, he would be able to reach the 13th transformation, Demon Swallowing Ghost.

"I have comprehended 30-40% of the Sky Demon Book."

The Black Tortoise Baby drooled. "The Monster Souls within are really delicious, especially the descendants of the Green Dragon, White Tiger, and Vermillion Bird. The Monster Souls contain the spirituality of ancient beasts. After I eat them, my cultivation will increase greatly. In the future, I will definitely be known as the Black Tortoise King."

"Legend has it that as long as one uses the Sky Demon Book to the extreme, one can turn the book into a Sky Demon Country. One can even take in all the Monster Race in the world. Many Monster Race Sages predicted the future. They felt that with the human race's intelligence, the Heavenly Dao, they would suppress the Monster Race so much that they would have nowhere to live. Thus, they created the Sky Demon Book in hopes that one day, they would be able to form an independent world that could accommodate all the Monster Race in the world."

Gu Chensha read the books diligently and found many records regarding the Skyfey Book. "I found some records regarding ancient demon sages. The Skyfey Book is split into several layers. The outermost layer is the Demon Soul World, and the deeper layer is a huge space. Inside are all sorts of Dharma treasures and pills refined by many demon sages. There are even mountains and rivers, making it a Small World.

As for the third level, it was where the corpses of Demon Sages were suppressed after they perished. It was called the Heaven Fey Tomb. When Demon Sages were about to die, they would enter the core of the Heaven Fey Book and use their final bones to suppress the book, allowing the book to transform into a true Heaven Fey kingdom.

It can also be said that this book isn't perfected. One has to go through many tribulations and tribulations, gradually obtaining opportunities in the world. It is the same for the Peerless Heaven Book and Eternal Heaven Book. "

A true treasure wasn't invincible the moment it was created. After it was born, it had to fall into someone else's hands and experience the vicissitudes of the world. Only then could it become a supreme treasure. Some Dharma treasures were annihilated in the tribulations.

For example, after the Dragon Transformation Pagoda was refined, there were a few battles and its wreckage was scattered. It was equivalent to not surviving the tribulations.

If the Sky Demon Book was broken down by Gu Chensha and the rest and integrated into the Dragon's Gate, it could be said that the Demon Dao had fallen.

Dharma treasures were the same as humans. No matter how strong an existence was, it was impossible for it to be impervious to tribulations. It would eventually fall.

"We haven't been able to open the deepest part of the core."

Lou Baiyue said, "In fact, what we need now is to break through the Monster Soul World and open the second layer to obtain the many pills and Dharma treasures left behind by the ancient Monster Race Sages."

"To break through the Monster Soul World, the most important thing is to bypass the blockade of a few powerful Monster Souls."

The Black Tortoise Treasure said, "There are a few Monster Souls that I can't do anything to. I couldn't devour them and was nearly devoured by them. Among them, the easiest to talk to is Goddess Hu. I think we should use both carrot and stick. While applying external pressure, we should reach an agreement with these powerful Monster Souls." "That's the plan."

Lou Baiyue said, "The four of us will gather our Spiritual Wills into one and activate the Endless World at the same time to forcefully open this book." Weng … The Spiritual Wills of the four experts gathered together.

Gu Chensha was now at the Soul Snatching Realm. He was at the Twelve Transformations of the Dao Realm. Along with his Mental Energy, he could do 30,000 things at once. He had exceeded the Mental Energy of a Golden Core Great Dao expert. People at the same realm as him could at most do 3,000 things at once.

So, although his realm was much lower than the Black Tortoise Treasure, Lou Baiyue, and the Fourth, the strength of his Mental Energy was stronger than the Fourth and Lou Baiyue. He was only below the Black Tortoise Treasure.

Of course, his Mental Energy was originally about the same as Lou Baiyue's. However, after he obtained the Heavenly Dao Divine Light that day, his Mental Energy rose and surpassed Lou Baiyue's. Now that he used it, even the Black Tortoise Treasure was shocked.

Lou Baiyue was very happy. She waved her hands and Stellar Energy surged. She combined it with the Black Tortoise, The Fourth, and Gu Chensha's Stellar Energy.

At the same time, in the depths of Gu Chensha's Dragon Gate, the Buzhou Palace and 360 Heaven Mending Divine Generals were activated.

Compared to the last time when they opened the Book of Sky Demon, the four of them were indeed several times stronger. When they combined, it was completely different. The Endless World formed into a physical form and entered the book. The Black Tortoise Treasure swallowed most of the Monster Souls in the Monster Soul World.

In Gu Chensha's Spiritual Will, he sensed the situation in the primordial primordial era. However, this time, his Mental Energy didn't enter it completely.

With the four of them combined, along with Lou Baiyue's Endless World restraining the Sky Demon Chaotic Hole, the four of them wouldn't be in any danger when they opened the Book of Sky Demon again. The sneak attack by Que Ying 'er wouldn't happen again.

The four's Spiritual Wills entered the Monster Soul World and gathered into a huge vortex. It began devouring the Monster Souls in the Monster Soul World. Many Monster Souls were sucked in by the vortex. The Black Tortoise Treasure devoured them happily.

At that moment, a gentle force suddenly pushed the four's Spiritual Wills out of the Monster Soul World. Following that, a woman's figure appeared in the Book of Sky Demon. The woman's body emitted a gentle glow as nine tails vaguely appeared behind her.

"Aunt Hu, I've finally lured you out."

Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha retracted their Spiritual Wills and looked at the woman that appeared in the Book of Sky Demon. It was as though the appearance of Aunt Hu was within their expectations.

"Greetings, Lord Black Tortoise." Aunt Hu's figure appeared from the Book of Sky Demon and bowed to the Black Tortoise Treasure.

"You aren't some insignificant demon. Your strength is already comparable to a god. Although the Nine-Tailed Skyfox isn't comparable to us Four Symbols Sacred Beasts, you are also a supreme demon." The Black Tortoise Treasure waved its claws.

Among the demons, the Four Symbols Sacred Beasts were the most noble. They could basically rule over all the demons in the world. Even the Nine-Tailed Skyfox bloodline couldn't compare to the Four Symbols Sacred Beasts. It was inevitable that one's aura would be suppressed when encountering them.

"All of you are dragons and phoenixes among men. It can be said that it's providence that the Book of Sky Demon has landed in your hands. However, I hope that none of you will destroy this book and preserve some vitality for us demons. How about that?" Aunt Hu bowed.

"Aunt Hu, back then, you bewitched the people and established yourself as a god. You absorbed incense offerings and faith and propagated the evil theory of reincarnation. You made the people indulge in worshipping gods and didn't know how to be independent. Later, the imperial court destroyed your temple and abolished you as a false god. You were injured by the imperial court and hid in the Book of Sky Demon to recuperate. If I'm not wrong, your true body has probably grasped a portion of the book's secrets?" Gu Chensha's tone was somewhat unyielding.

"Young Master is perceptive."

Aunt Hu sighed and said, "Back then, before the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor rose to power, the world was in chaos. I preached among the people and was wholeheartedly guiding them to do good. It wasn't an evil religion and I did many good deeds. I used my divine power to treat illnesses and save lives. However, it was true that I didn't grasp the truth of the Great Dao and failed to make the people constantly strive to become stronger. This is also a mistake. The imperial court can't be blamed for the calamity that happened later. "

"Actually, His Majesty held back and didn't kill you because you didn't commit any evil deeds back then. Otherwise, do you really think that the Book of Sky Demon can withstand His Majesty's attack?"

Lou Baiyue knew that although Aunt Hu had some power, most of it was sealed in the deepest part of the Book of Sky Demon. The divine power that was revealed now wasn't great.

The Book of Sky Demon wasn't controlled by Aunt Hu either. Instead, Aunt Hu's primordial spirit was fighting with some of the demon souls.