Chapter 605
===========

"Brother Yixiu, what do you think of Fugui Mountain?"

After flying to the sky, Longevity God did not descend immediately. Instead, he observed carefully. Sure enough, below Fugui Mountain, there was a pitch-black cave. In the depths of the cave, there was a flickering light that led to an unknown place.

On the mountain, there were many dilapidated temples. One could vaguely see the aura of the past when the incense was at its peak.

"This Fugui Mountain is shaped like a ingot. It has the image of riches and honor. Over the years, it has gathered earth veins, nourished by incense, nourished by people, nourished by spirits, and formed a perfect cycle. It's quite amazing."

Gu Chensha said: "The mountain doesn't matter how high it is. With a god, it has a spirit. This place has been worshiping the Lu God since ancient times. According to folklore, many scholars, after worshiping the Lu God, obtained official fate and became a high official. With such a thing happening, the incense on this mountain flourished, and with the accumulation of years, this mountain gained spirituality. It became a blessed land. "

"That's right. To be able to say such words, it shows how much Brother Yixiu has learned about the Immortal Dao. Your future achievements will be limitless." Longevity God's appreciation for Gu Chensha grew.

"Many thanks for Brother Wu Lu's appreciation. The reason why my Five Ghosts Sect was destroyed in the past was because of this. Cultivating the Ghost Dao and worshiping Evil God is not a good thing. More importantly, the Evil God that we worshiped has already fallen, and we can't get a response.

Our Five Ghosts Sect's Sect Master, Gui Henchou, actually wanted to gather enough faith to resurrect Evil God. This way, he would have the merit of resurrection and receive the greatest appreciation of Evil God, but this idea is wrong. "Gu Chensha revealed the secret of Five Ghosts Sect, which made Longevity God believe him even more.

"Oh? I'd like to hear the details. "

Longevity God seemed to be waiting for an opportunity: "Let's descend. If we stay in the air for too long, it will inevitably consume our innate astral qi. If the astral qi consumption is too intense, we might not be able to continue if we encounter an emergency."

In fact, with Longevity God's cultivation, tearing space, moving mountains, and filling seas were nothing. However, he still needed to disguise himself. The most important thing was to not attract the attention of Calm Immortal Department. Otherwise, Calm Immortal Department would be able to suppress him.

Not to mention the Longevity God, even if the three ancient Gods of Fortune, Fortune, and Longevity descended and restored their strength to their peak, they would still have to retreat if they encountered the current Calm Immortal Department. Not even a True Divinity could condense a dimensional realm.

After talking with Longevity God for so long, Gu Chensha knew that this god's real intention was to sneak into Calmness Immortal Si and carry out a series of conspiracies. The two of them landed on Mount Fugui.

At this time, Mount Wealth was filled with cultivators. They were all exploring the cave that appeared on the mountain, but none of them dared to enter. It was clear that some of the cultivators had suffered greatly after entering.

"Hmm?

The depths of this cave do not lead to the underground, but to another space-time. That space-time is extremely bizarre. It seems to be a space-time labyrinth set up by the ancient God of Lu. "Gu Chensha operated his Heaven's Path arcane energy and entered the cave. Apparently, God Lu had also noticed this. Buzz buzz buzz …

At this moment, many cultivators were eager to explore the cave. At this time, a ray of light shot out from the depths of the cave. Within the light was a treasure that looked like a dragon but wasn't a dragon, like a snake but wasn't a snake. The treasure soared into the sky and was about to fly in all directions in the light.

"The treasure has appeared …" Many cultivators tried to stop it. They used their Xiantian Astral Energy to block it, but it was useless. The treasure was too strong. It broke through all the obstructions like a hot knife cutting through butter. Some of the weaker cultivators even spat out blood after being shaken by the impact.

"This is a divine sword."

Gu Chensha's heart jumped. Looking at Longevity God's actions, he could tell that this light that looked like a dragon but wasn't a dragon, like a snake but wasn't a snake was a strange treasure sword. It was extremely powerful and could be compared to the Slash Lightning that the Martial Saint refined.

Even though it couldn't compare to primordial treasures like the Three Realms Seal or Buzhou Palace, it was still no small matter. If an expert at the 20th transformation of the Dao Realm, Convergence and Dispersion, obtained this sword, they would be able to injure an expert at the 25th transformation of the Undying Body. It was a gap of five levels.

Generally speaking, a cultivator at the 25 Transformation Stage could easily crush a cultivator at the 20 Transformation Stage, completely toying with them in the palm of their hand. But with this kind of treasure, that was not necessarily the case. So when this treasure appeared, countless cultivators were excited. Rumble!

One of the cultivators unleashed his most powerful attack. He chased after the sword, waving his hand. Immediately, a stream of Core Qi shot through the air, blocking the sword for a moment. Then, his fleshly body changed, becoming extremely small as he tried to attach himself to the sword. This was a Dao Realm Nineteen Transformation Stage Size Manipulation.

However, no matter how much this cultivator used, he could only slightly stop the sword. If he wanted to subdue this sword, he would probably need to reach the Twenty Six Transformation Stage Ten Thousand Techniques Return to One.

Longevity God didn't make a move. In his view, this sword was just one of the treasures of Lu God. If he took it now, he would be exposed and attract the attention of Calmness Celestial Department.

"This sword is one of the Hundred Official Swords refined by Lu God.

Rumor has it that Lu God refined the Hundred Official Swords according to the rank of ancient officials. There are hundreds of them, and they are several times more powerful than the Hundred Treasures Immortal River.

After all, he is an ancient True God. "Gu Chensha searched in his heart and found out the origin of this sword.

He didn't intend to take it. He just wanted to keep an eye on Longevity God and see how many fated people there were.

The treasures of the world were like a geyser, and countless fated people would obtain fortuitous encounters. Calmness Celestial Department didn't want to snatch these people's fortuitous encounters. Not only would it cause a conflict with Calmness Celestial Department's philosophy, it would also create a bad image.

The Calmness Celestial Department's policy was that fortuitous encounters were fated, but after obtaining them, they had to work for the imperial court and pay taxes. If they went against the imperial court, the imperial court wouldn't be polite and would capture, kill, and punish them.

Over the past six months, there were many examples in the world. Some people, after obtaining a fortuitous encounter, became arrogant and thought that they could do whatever they wanted. In the end, they broke the law and were captured, tried, and executed. Rumble!

Countless cultivators used their methods in an attempt to snatch the divine sword. The situation on Mount Fugui instantly turned chaotic. However, in Gu Chensha's view, these were all small fights and there was nothing strange about them.

Many cultivators fought over it. Suddenly, more stars appeared, blotting out the sky and covering the earth. Within the starlight, a vortex appeared, unexpectedly absorbing the divine sword.

"It's that Ling Shaofei again."

Gu Chensha could see that there was a youth sitting inside the starlight. He was using his power to absorb the treasure. It was Ling Shaofei, who had obtained the profundities of 'Spirit Star' and 'Flying Star'.

"Hmph!" Longevity God coldly snorted.

He didn't make any moves and didn't compete with Ling Shaofei. Instead, he used a small spell to hide his true body and left behind an incarnation to confuse Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha saw through him the moment he moved.

He also activated the Heaven Path Technique and his true body followed behind Longevity God. This incarnation called 'Ghost Weep' was left here to confuse Longevity God.

Longevity God was a god realm expert who had cultivated to the peak of the 32 transformations' One Thought Connecting Heaven '. He was just a step away from the Saint Realm. This was the Dao Realm 33 transformations' Truth Saint Heart '.

His methods were naturally not something ordinary cultivators could detect. Unfortunately, he met a monster like Gu Chensha, who had cultivated the Heaven Path Technique and was also the creator of a dimensional realm.

Gu Chensha's transformation technique could even hide from the Dharma Saint, let alone a small god like Longevity God.

Longevity God's true body was hidden. He traveled through a parallel space and entered the cave on Mount Fugui.

Gu Chensha immediately galvanized the strength of his dimensional realm. Invisible and formless, he followed Longevity God through the parallel space. He wouldn't let Longevity God notice him at all.

At this time, he had to use the power of his dimensional realm. Otherwise, with his cultivation, he wouldn't have the ability to tear through space.

Moreover, this kind of cultivation that could easily travel through parallel spaces was something that even someone at the 29 transformations of primal chaos couldn't do.

Gu Chensha was only at the 24 transformations. Even if he had merged with the Desolate Era's Dragon Gate Talisman, he couldn't unleash the huge potential in his body. His realm wasn't high enough, so he couldn't do anything about it.

He was now preparing to merge the Wanxiang Shattering Rod, the Release Bow, and the Impermanence Arrow into his body. With the Heaven Path Technique, he would refine these supreme magic treasures and fuse them into his body to increase his strength.

Since the Common People's Wish Sphere had become a dimensional realm, Gu Chensha didn't need to fuse the good treasures into it. Instead, he focused on strengthening his own cultivation.

This was because no matter how strong the dimensional realm was, it was hard to activate it. After all, he was too weak as the creator. If he cultivated to god realm, he would be able to activate the dimensional realm with ease and unleash a huge power at any time. At that time, the growth of the sphere would be even faster. This was the optimal plan that he came up with after careful calculations. Kacha!

Longevity God floated in the parallel space for a moment before he suddenly came out and fell into the depths of the cave.

This cave was no longer in the same dimension as the Divine Central Continent. It had reached the depths of the space-time turbulence, a god country. A true god's country.

Many cultivators outside, including Ling Shaofei who had obtained the legacies of Spirit Star and Flying Star, couldn't solve this secret.

After all, Ling Shaofei's cultivation was roughly at the 22 Changes of the Dao Realm, 'Heavenly Phenomenon'. Compared to a God level expert, he was far from it. It was just that he had some karmic luck on him that allowed him to turn misfortunes into blessings.

"It really is the god country of Lu God." The moment Longevity God arrived here, he revealed his body and looked at the huge space.

This space itself was like a small chiliocosm, but it was riddled with holes as if it had gone through countless battles. Many huge space-time storms swept through it, and countless restrictive spells flickered. It was obvious that it was on the verge of collapse.

Gu Chensha could see that this god country seemed to be attracted by the Divine Central Continent. In the space-time turbulence, it opened a door to the Divine Central Continent.