Chapter 1039
============

Everyone Wants to Kill Chapter 1035

"I'm afraid it's not that simple."

Dharma Saint didn't think much of it. "Look at the new world. Ever since the birth of the new world, many universes have been born in the human realm. The Heavenly Daos of these universes are getting stronger and stronger. There might be Heavenly Daos experts among them. I even suspect that there are already Heavenly Daos experts in the human realm. There will be more and more people like Zhao Jiangshan." "You've thought of this very well." The Fourth Gu Huasha stopped and looked at the entire human realm. The human realm was so big that he couldn't imagine it.

At a glance, even with his current cultivation, he couldn't see the end of it. What entered his eyes was one universe after another. They were densely packed, and space and time were constantly changing. Some universes were big, some were small, and some were strangely shaped. It seemed that some extremely powerful existence was brewing in them. In the depths of the void, all kinds of universes were constantly being born.

It could be seen that the human realm was an ocean of universes. Compared to the human realm, each universe was just a drop of water in the ocean. Now, in the eyes of The Fourth Gu Huasha, there were countless universes. And the new world was the creator of the universes.

Every time the new world was spat out, it could create the embryonic form of a universe in the entire human world. It looked like a child blowing bubbles, blowing out many bubbles in one breath and floating in the air. And the bubbles that the new world blew were universes after universes. This was the power of the new world.

Even the powerful Fourth Brother, Gu Huasha, was still insignificant in front of the current Human World. Among the countless universes in the Human World, he felt that in the future, or even now, there would be countless powerful existences born. As long as he didn't reach the Immortal Level Nine, he would still be overtaken by some small fries.

Moreover, he felt that there were some powerful existences in the new world that could make him fear them.

"I heard that the Heavenly Dao in the new world is extremely tyrannical. If an expert who has reached the Heavenly Dao Realm in the new world is more than a hundred times stronger than the Heavenly Dao in the old world, I don't believe this." The Dharma Saint said, "How could there be such a thing?"

"I don't believe it either. However, Gu Chensha is quite powerful. We have to admit that even if Mister Wu Wu and the others joined forces, they would still be extremely fearful of Gu Chensha. Otherwise, they would have attacked long ago.

I know that Lou Baiyue and the rest have also cultivated to the Heavenly Dao Realm, but I definitely don't believe that she's stronger than me. Otherwise, there's no point in us cultivating at all. "

The Fourth Gu Huasha sneered. "Actually, this is a kind of publicity strategy. Gu Chensha has a lot of ideas."

"If that's true, then it's too terrifying. At the same realm, the people in the new world are a hundred times stronger than the people in the old world. If that's the case, then who would still cultivate in the old world? They would all run to the new world."

The Warlock Saint said, "Moreover, I've also heard that there is no such thing as a bottleneck when cultivating in the New World. There is also no need to comprehend anything. Everything is natural.

For example, if a person wants to cultivate from the first transformation to the second transformation, in the old world, they need to comprehend a certain realm. If the realm isn't there, then even if you absorb enough spiritual energy, it's useless, and you won't be able to cultivate no matter what. But in the new world, as long as you create a certain amount of spiritual energy, you can directly advance. It's just like buying and selling, how much spiritual energy do you contribute to the new world, and the new world will give you the corresponding realm. I always feel that this is an evil path, not the right path, which realm doesn't need to comprehend? "

"I also heard about this. This is Gu Chensha's theory. Realm is actually the authority that the world gives you to display your strength. The more you give to the world, the more authority the world gives you, and the more power you can display.

It's really like buying and selling. This theory isn't without reason, but I keep feeling that something isn't right. "

The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "Is a person's spirit force really limitless, and it's much stronger than the entire human world? Is everyone's spirit force invincible and limitless? " "Let's not think about this matter."

The Dharma Saint waved his hand, "But Gu Huasha, let me ask you something. If you cultivate in the new world and you're at the same realm, but you're a hundred times stronger than us, will you cultivate in the new world?" "I won't. I feel that this is a crooked path.

"I don't think so. I think this is a crooked path. Everything Gu Chensha has done is seeking his own destruction. He may look glorious now, but he is actually on the verge of collapse. This person is too arrogant. He wants to change the original rules of the world with his own power. Some things cannot be changed. Once changed, it will collapse. The order of the world is actually very fragile.

Look, the new world is squirming now. Universes will be born at every moment, just like blowing bubbles. If this goes on, there will be many universes appearing in the human world every day. If this goes on, the void will be squeezed until it explodes. At that time, how can the void accommodate these universes?

Sooner or later, the void will be squeezed until it explodes. At that time, it will be our doomsday. No one will be able to survive. Therefore, if we want to survive, we must start to stop Gu Chensha now. We must maintain the current state of the world. Otherwise, after the void explodes, it will be too late for regrets. "

"There is indeed such a concern. Actually, Mister Wu Wu and the others also have the same thoughts. They are afraid that the number of people cultivating the Dragonless Mental Sutra will increase. If all of them were to pour out their energy, the world wouldn't be able to withstand it and would eventually be destroyed. Because no one can predict what will happen in the future. "

The Dharma Saint said, "Look, Fa Wuxian has entered our encirclement. He entered that universe. The Heavenly Dao energy in that universe is ferociously brewing. Very soon, a Heavenly Dao Realm expert will be born. Therefore, he went to devour it." As expected, Fa Wuxian entered a huge universe.

From the outside, this universe is still in the shape of an egg. Inside, there are the sun, moon, and stars everywhere. There are also countless planets and rivers of stars.

This universe seems to be a universe with a technological civilization. Many planets in the universe have entered the Interstellar Era.

There are trillions of planets in the universe. Each planet is extremely huge and nurtured countless lifeforms.

Some of the lifeforms nurtured by these planets can cross the universe the moment they are born. They have the cultivation of the Heaven Primal realm and even the Heaven Longevity realm.

Just like in the Heaven Realm back then, Wan Senshi and the others were born from there. They were born as primal chaos ancient lifeforms and have the same lifespan as heaven and earth.

Now, this universe is filled with planets. It is much bigger than the Heaven Realm back then. It seems to have matured. The lifeforms of the planets are fighting and worshiping each other. The Heavenly Dao energy starts to boil. At the core of the universe, a sacred embryo is condensed.

After this sacred embryo is condensed, it is very likely that it will become a Heavenly Dao realm expert. It will become the strongest existence in this universe, the strongest ruler.

And this kind of universe was Fa Wuxian's favorite. There was no meaning for Fa Wuxian to devour other universes that had not matured yet. This was because those universes were like fruits that had not matured yet. They did not have any nutrients and were not delicious at all. And now, this universe is the best delicacy.

Fa Wuxian specially roams this mortal world, looking for such mature universes to devour. From there, he can strengthen himself in an attempt to reach the ninth level of the Undying Realm. And this place is a trap set up by The Fourth Gu Huasha, The Great Spirit God, and Dharma Saint. These people know that if Fa Wuxian doesn't die, they won't be able to live a day in peace. They will be devoured by this madman at any time.

At this time, other than The Fourth Gu Huasha, there are also experts like Zhang Ziran and Zhang Yi Ren. They didn't go to the new world but chose to observe. However, they didn't rely on Mister Wu Wu either.

On the surface, Zhang Ziran is still a subject of Gu Chensha's Yongchō. Of course, he is in a state where he listens but doesn't listen to orders. He has formed a small group in the imperial court.

"Fa Wuxian has entered this universe, let's start planning."

Zhang Ziran appeared beside Gu Huasha. Following Zhang Ziran are many Ancestor Realm experts. These days, almost all the Ancestor Realm experts in the mortal world are on tenterhooks, afraid that they will be devoured by Fa Wuxian. Even someone like Long Xiang Tian feels that Fa Wuxian isn't a good thing and must be eliminated. Therefore, he is now working together with The Fourth.

Long Xiang Tian hates Gu Chensha to the bone and Fa Wuxian hates Gu Chensha to the bone. The two should work together but Long Xiang Tian feels that Fa Wuxian might devour him at any time. After all, Gu Chensha didn't kill him and if Fa Wuxian has the chance, he won't let him go. Therefore, Long Xiang Tian agrees to eliminate Fa Wuxian immediately. Here, more than a thousand Ancestor Realm experts have gathered.

"Fa Wuxian has incurred the wrath of the masses. He's done for."

Above another universe ocean, in the void, Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, and Wen Hong are looking at the universe with billions of stars and the arrangements of The Fourth and the others, "Fa Wuxian won't live for long. However, after he falls, I wonder who will benefit from it."

"What are the arrangements for us to come here? To witness the birth of a fortuitous encounter?" Jin Suibo asked. His current strength is still slightly inferior to Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, and the others.

"We are here to observe the changes and protect the people who have cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra. In the old world, every person who has cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra is a precious treasure of our new world. We can't afford to lose them. Moreover, many people have joined hands to kill Fa Wuxian, which will destroy this universe and even the surrounding universes. In these universes, there are millions of people who have comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra. If all of them are destroyed, our losses will be too great." Wen Hong said.

"Right, the things that The Fourth is worried about, are they reasonable?"

At this time, Longevity God asked: "The birth of the universe is too fast. Sooner or later, the void will explode."