Chapter 744
===========

The Dharma Saint could no longer rely on his own strength to deal with the Department of Tranquility. Thus, he had no way of rescuing Fa Wuxian.

Ever since Gu Chensha rescued the Martial Sage and helped him break through to the Empyrean realm, the Department of Tranquility had truly become a force to be reckoned with. Not to mention the King of Common Life, the Martial Sage was also a true Empyrean. With the two Empyreans working together to activate the Common Life's Wish sphere and perform a ritual, they could produce a tremendous amount of power.

In a dimensional realm, having an Empyrean and not was as different as heaven and earth. Having one Empyrean and two Empyreans was also as different as heaven and earth. This was how Gu Chensha accumulated his strength, gradually causing the giants to shrink back.

What was even more terrifying was that the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises of the imperial court were all the reincarnations of endless treasures. If these people gathered together for a ritual, just how much power could they produce?

The inheritance left behind by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor, Gu Chensha was receiving it one by one. In this aspect, the Heavenly Designer Department was still inferior.

The Heavenly Designer Department was unable to obtain the loyalty of the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises of the imperial court. Moreover, every official of the imperial court knew that the Department of Tranquility was the legitimate authority of the imperial court and could lead the world to prosperity. This was in fact the legitimate authority that Gu Chensha had been managing all this time.

All the officials of the imperial court could at least see that the Great Marshal of Common Life's work was flawless, fair and just.

With the governance of the three hundred and sixty Great Marshals of the common people, there were almost no unjust or wrong cases. Furthermore, all kinds of material transportation, business taxation, birth education, training troops to resist demons, and so on were done meticulously. It was so precise that it made people's scalps go numb. No official could be as attentive as the Great Marshals of the common people. In the history of the common people, any capable official could only look up to the dust.

The Great Marshal of Common Life's work these past few years, handling government affairs and managing local provinces, had earned the Department of Tranquility a great reputation. Now, most of the common people couldn't live without the Great Marshal of Common Life. This was also the method of the Department of Tranquility.

"Gather!"

Gu Chensha waited for the Dharma Saint to leave before suddenly revolving his mystic art. His body flickered as he poured all of his cultivation into the Endless Umbrella. Fa Wuxian let out a blood-cursing scream, "Gu Chensha, you will die a horrible death!"

"Fa Wuxian, I won't kill you. I'll strip you and extract all of your magic power, cultivation, and even your potential. I'll turn you into a normal person."

Gu Chensha said, "I'll give you a chance to live. I'll let many of my enemies go. Heaven never seals off one's way. You're the Son of Heaven, and if I kill you, you'll suffer some backlash. Of course, I don't care about the backlash. But you're talented, and if you can turn over a new leaf and make a name for yourself in the human world, I'll take all of your cultivation and make you an ordinary person. Think about it for a while, and if you've thought it through, I'll return your cultivation and the Infinity Umbrella to you!" As he spoke, Gu Chensha's magic power suddenly increased again. Pitter patter!

The lightning in the Infinity Umbrella became more and more intense. But when it struck Gu Chensha's body, he absorbed it all and it became nourishment for him. This was the rage of the Heaven World. Unfortunately, it couldn't do anything to Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha slowly gained the upper hand. Suddenly, all of his power struck in and it seemed like he was squeezing Fa Wuxian's intent out.

"Common People Mend the Heavens, seal!"

In an instant, Gu Chensha sealed Fa Wuxian's will. Then, he made a grabbing motion and the power of the world and the Path of the Saints were pulled out of Fa Wuxian's body.

During the battle, Fa Wuxian had already become a Saint with the Dao Realm 33 Transformation Truth Saint Heart. But that didn't help. Gu Chensha could even extract Martial Emperors, much less him.

After Gu Chensha grabbed a ball of Truth Saint Heart and a large amount of World Power, he slapped it into the Infinity Umbrella. He then spat it out. Fa Wuxian's remaining intent was about to dissipate but under the wrapping of his essence energy, it slowly turned into flesh and blood. In the end, it formed back into Fa Wuxian's body.

Fa Wuxian, who had recovered, had a body of flesh and blood. He had no powers, no cultivation, and no talent. He didn't have the talent to be a Saint anymore. He was just an idiot. Sou!

Gu Chensha closed the Umbrella of Infinity completely, broke through the turbulence of time and space, and returned to the Central Land of the Divine Land. This time, he landed in a small courtyard in Fazhou.

The small courtyard was located in a county town. The courtyard was not very big, only about one mu. There were two entrances and one exit. There was a well in the courtyard, three wing rooms, a kitchen, a toilet, and a living room. There was also an old woman and an old man living in the courtyard. Pata! Gu Chensha landed in the courtyard and placed Fa Wuxian down. When Fa Wuxian landed, he couldn't stand still and nearly fell to the ground.

At this moment, he knew that he had become a normal person. In the past, he could change and scatter. He could create and destroy worlds. With one thought, he could reach the heavens and fly. But now, he would even fall when he walked.

"Gu Chensha, why don't you kill me?" Fa Wuxian felt as though all his hopes had turned to dust.

"Fa Wuxian, you who have lost your power, do you feel that your state of mind is different now?"

Gu Chensha said, "I am giving you a chance. You are now a normal person. You can live under the rule of the Imperial Court. You can even get married and have children. After living for a long time, you will know what you should do. When you wake up, I will appear in front of you and give you strength. " As he spoke, Gu Chensha disappeared. He left with the Infinity Umbrella and all of Fa Wuxian's power.

"I have nothing."

Fa Wuxian seemed to have lost all his strength. He knelt on the ground, but the hatred in his heart did not diminish in the slightest. Instead, it became even more intense. "Everyone has to die. I will not let anyone off." He wanted to kill. At this moment, he wanted to exterminate the world.

But after being hysterical for a while, his stomach suddenly growled, and a strong sense of hunger arose spontaneously. He was actually hungry.

"What kind of body reaction is this?" Fa Wuxian felt weak. "Why am I like this? Is this hunger? Do I need to eat something? "

For those who cultivated and stepped into Dao Realm, even if they used Qi Fasting, they wouldn't need to eat anything. They would just absorb Spiritual Energy to cleanse their body and replenish their needs.

But now, Fa Wuxian was like a normal person who hadn't cultivated before. Naturally, he would feel hungry. He didn't have any strength. He was pretty much …

"Time to eat."

At that moment, the old lady carried a bowl of steaming hot noodles in. She placed it in front of Fa Wuxian. "In the future, you have to earn money for your meals. Otherwise, there won't be any supply. Also, you have to pay rent for this place. You can't live here for free. " "What?"

Fa Wuxian was furious when he saw the bowl of noodles. He wanted to kick it, but the hunger in his stomach made him resist this action. Instead, he took the bowl of noodles and gobbled it down. With food in his stomach, he immediately felt a sense of satisfaction.

After he finished, he held the empty bowl and was stunned. He wanted to cry. At that moment, he felt like everything in the past was a dream. Now that he had woken up, he was still a normal person.

"No!

I am Fa Wuxian, I am a natural saint. When I was born, the world changed. How did I end up like this? "Fa Wuxian was in deep thought. In the depths of the Dharma Realm, Dharma Saint and Wu Dangkong stood side by side.

Wu Dangkong saw all of this and said, "Gu Chensha is too cruel. He actually destroyed Fa Wuxian's cultivation. Now, he really is a normal person. Even his Son of Heaven's aura has been taken away. But should we save him? After all, he might still have some luck on him."

"No need. This is a good thing for Fa Wuxian. Gu Chensha will leave a hidden danger. As long as Fa Wuxian doesn't die, this tribulation will be a great trial. If he succeeds, he will be reborn and step into a new realm." Dharma Saint shook his head.

"Gu Chensha might not be doing this to leave a hidden danger for himself. It's possible that he wants to use up Fa Wuxian's luck. Even now, Fa Wuxian still has a great amount of luck on his body. In the future, he will have many fortuitous encounters, and he will definitely not continue to stay dormant. Hence, when he encounters a great fortuitous encounter, Gu Chensha will come and harvest it again. With such repeated harvesting, Fa Wuxian's luck will finally be completely exhausted.

Wudang Kong seemed to be very familiar with Gu Chensha's style of doing things. "This person is sinister and ruthless. Even I feel that he is extremely terrifying now. Not to mention us, even the Sun-Moon Master has suffered greatly under his hands." "Actually, these are the means left by Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor."

Dharma Saint said, "If Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor falls into a disadvantageous position in the battle against the Heavenly Dao, then Gu Chensha will be greatly weakened. Even his cultivation of the Heavenly Dao will be taken away. Without the token of Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor and his own Heavenly Dao, he will immediately vanish into the crowd. I have a feeling that this day will come soon." "Really?"

Wu Dangkong's expression was a little excited. "If that day really comes, will my Heavenly Sacrificial Decree be able to display its true power? I won't have to be so cautious anymore.

I can't even use sacrificial rites. If I can perform sacrificial rites to the Heavenly Dao now, I will be able to cultivate to the peak of the thirty-six transformations, and even have the hope of breaking through to the Heavenly Lord Realm. "

"Of course there will be such a day. Gu Chensha has actually already violated the will of the Heavenly Realm. The origin of the Land of Infinity will have many tribulations in the future."

Dharma Saint said, "Just wait and see. It is now the thirty-third year of Heavenly Talisman. In the thirty-sixth year of Heavenly Talisman, there will be a big change in the situation. At that time, it will be the time to see the real deal."

"If Gu Taxian's legacy really loses its effect, and Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao is taken away, then I must capture him personally and make him beg for death.

I will use the cruelest torture in the world to deal with him. I will never let him die so easily. "Wu Dangkong said fiercely. .....