Chapter 14
==========

A whirlwind rose in the entire courtyard. The shadows of people swayed, and all the weeds fell, as if they had been ravaged by the fierce wind. Many insects in the grass were killed by the strong wind. This was Gu Chensha's diligent practice of martial arts.

He tried to figure out the Son of Heaven's Investiture of God Technique, studied the 'The Great Spirit God Technique', gained some insights and gained a sense of Qi, so he was not inferior to a great master of martial arts who had painstakingly cultivated for many years.

This kind of progress could no longer be described as godly speed, it could even be called a miracle.

However, he had obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman and possessed the ability to communicate with the heavens. Such progress was understandable.

The essence of martial arts flowed in his heart. Gu Chensha's entire body was in a state of forgetting himself and everything else. His Qi activity was mixed, and his martial arts cultivation reached a new level. Bang!

His body pounced forward like a weightless kite. Riding the wind, he pounced onto a large rock at the edge of the courtyard.

The boulder was as hard as iron, but when it came into contact with Gu Chensha's palm, it turned into tofu. A palm print appeared on it, three inches deep, and the lines were very clear. But the boulder did not crack.

Gu Chensha rubbed his palm again, and the palm print was erased. The hard rock was like mud under his palm. His kung fu had already reached the realm of "turning stone into mud".

"This prince's martial arts are becoming more and more marvelous. I think it's rare even among the princes." The little godson's mind was shaken as he watched, and he continuously praised.

"There's nothing magical about it."

Gu Chensha did not become arrogant. Instead, he became serious. "I'm just a person who works behind closed doors. I haven't experienced a bloody battle. I can't be compared to those princes who have fought with the Barbarians on the battlefield and bathed in blood."

Even though the world was at peace and the hundred countries had been destroyed, there were still demons and barbarians causing trouble in the wilderness beyond the Great Yong Dynasty. The so-called Demonic Barbarians did not belong to humans.

Let's talk about barbarians first. They looked exactly the same as humans, but they had the face of a human but the heart of a beast. They didn't think of themselves as humans, and their ancestors were also beasts.

For example, there were barbarians beyond the Great Wall who claimed that their ancestors were wolves. The totem they worshiped and their ancestors were also the Wolf God. They ate raw meat, drank blood, and even ate humans. What benevolence, righteousness, morality, propriety, justice, honor, and shame? Therefore, even if they looked like humans, no one would think that they were humans.

Unlike the Hundred Kingdoms of the past, such as the Xian Dynasty, although they were opposed to the Yongchō, they were still ruled by virtue of benevolence, righteousness, and the law.

Understanding etiquette, knowing when to advance and when to retreat, keeping order, and respecting the will of the heavens, this is what it means to be a person. Otherwise, he would be a beast.

These barbarians often invaded, and there was no end to killing them. Behind them, there were evil spirits causing mischief. They hid in the depths of the boundless wilderness, and were always a great threat to the human race.

Even with Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's great talent and strategy, he couldn't eradicate them all. He could only build a huge stone wall to defend against the barbarian invasion.

Every time the world was in chaos, the monstrous Devil Kings behind the barbarian tribes would appear in the human kingdoms, spreading fallacies and heresy, bewitching people's hearts, and turning people into beasts. These were all recorded in the history books. Every time he read this, Gu Chensha's heart ached.

Pacifying the barbarians was the number one national policy. After the princes came of age, they would even go to the border to fight with the barbarians. They would hone their martial skills and make contributions. Every five years, the Emperor would personally lead the army to fight against the barbarians.

Currently, there were a few princes with high status and were conferred the title of Grand Prince. This was because they had followed the Emperor on two expeditions, killing countless demons and barbarians.

"Prince, don't belittle yourself. Every five years, the Imperial Court will wage war against the barbarians. Next year will be the 15th year of Heavenly Talisman Emperor's reign. The Emperor will definitely lead the army to conquer the barbarians again. The princes will also have to follow by his side. At that time, I will be able to make contributions and make a name for myself."

The little godson was thinking about his bright future. "Don't be fooled by the Eighteenth Prince's arrogance. Compared to those princes who have been conferred the title of Grand Prince, he is not worth mentioning."

When the Eighteenth Prince Gu Hongsha came of age, he would be conferred the title of Duke. However, he was still far from being conferred the title of Grand Prince.

As for those princes who had been conferred the title of Grand Prince, in Gu Chensha's opinion, they had probably already stepped into the "Dao Realm".

Even though he had mastered the godly skills, he lacked actual combat experience. A true expert was trained step by step on the battlefield. He knew that he was still far from being a true expert and did not dare to be arrogant.

"After the news of the Emperor getting Lou Baiyue to get close to me spread, I became the target of public criticism. The capital has become troubled. I feel that I should leave this place now. "

Gu Chensha thought for a while. "Later, I will suggest to the Emperor that I should make contributions to the country and head to the border to kill the demons and barbarians." "Prince, isn't this very dangerous?

If you don't leave the capital, many people will not be able to do anything to you. Once you leave, all sorts of plots and schemes will follow. I'm afraid you will be in danger. "The little godson was shocked.

"I know. Even though the capital is good, it is also a difficult place. In this place, I can't use my martial arts and am restricted in every way. Why don't I go to the border? Even though it is hard, I can train my martial arts and fly as high as the sky." Gu Chensha had already thought it through.

He had lived in the capital for a long time and the power structure was complicated. He was restricted in every way and it was inconvenient for him to do anything.

Of course, the capital was prosperous and comfortable, while the border was hard and dangerous. Many princes were unwilling to go there. To Gu Chensha, the border was much safer than the capital.

In fact, Gu Chensha had other plans. When he arrived at the border, he could use the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman to his heart's content and obtain a large number of Tiger Wolf Pills. At the same time, he could gather talents and achieve great achievements.

"Prince has thought it through." The little godson was also thinking, "Then should I write a book and give it to the Imperial Clan Court to present to the Emperor? I'm just afraid that the Imperial Clan Court will interfere. " "No worries. This is something that many people wish for. Why would they interfere?"

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Of course, I can't write it now. I'll do it in a few months. What I want to do now is to create a false impression that Lou Baiyue has bestowed me with martial arts and that I've been practicing hard. I can't control myself and am itching to make a move."

The Son of Heaven's Investiture Art that he cultivated was a world-shocking secret art. It could not be exposed to the public. Now that he had beat him at his own game, he could also explain the origin of his martial arts. Of course, this matter could not be rushed.

Autumn passed and winter came. It gradually became colder. The north wind whistled, and the trees were bare. There was a bleak atmosphere everywhere.

Gu Chensha's life became better. He read and practiced martial arts every day. The weeds in the courtyard were all pulled out. He even bought a large amount of resources, making the whole house look brand new. This caused him to be in high spirits. However, it attracted the attention of some people.

In a manor thirty miles away from the capital, there were pavilions everywhere. However, they were not classical. They were all decorated with new things. There was a tall tower built in the center of the lake. It was made entirely of glass. When the sun shone on it, it shone brightly like a crystal tower. In this tower, the Eighteenth Prince, Gu Hongsha, was fishing.

He actually did not use bait. He threw a long line down and went deep into the water. His own spirit, through the fishing hook, was able to perceive the situation in the water clearly.

Suddenly, his hand trembled slightly. The fishing hook darted under the water and hooked a big black fish.

This big black fish weighed tens of kilograms. It had a mouth full of sharp teeth. It was hiding in the mud, but the fishing hook was stuck in its mouth and thrown up.

Other people let the fish eat the bait when fishing. However, he used his strength like a god. The fishing hook was like a living thing, shuttling under the water.

"My Dragon King Force is truly miraculous." The servant stood at the side with his hands by his side and praised respectfully.

"How is Gu Chensha?" The Eighteenth Prince, Gu Hongsha asked.

"After he accepted Lou Baiyue's elixirs, ten thousand notes, and a copy of The Great Spirit God Technique, he has been practicing martial arts hard day and night. He seems to have achieved something. From this, it can be seen that he was pretending to be a fool in the past." The servant inquired clearly.

"This is the real fool."

A cold smile appeared on Gu Hongsha's face. "He was tricked by Lou Baiyue. Does he think that elixirs and techniques can make up for the loss of time?

Martial arts must be practiced from a young age. If he misses the best time, nothing can make up for it. "

"My Lord, next year will be the third barbarian expedition. The emperor will personally lead the expedition again. The scale this time is bigger than before.

The emperor has accumulated a huge capital for the past five years. He wants to exterminate the Barbarian Wolf, Barbarian Snake, and Barbarian Ape races. "

The servant reported the news he heard. "I heard from the inner court that the emperor wants to see which prince contributed the most and prepared the Nine Reincarnation Elixir as a reward." "Nine Reincarnation Elixir."

Gu Hongsha gasped. "This is the legendary ancient elixir. It does not belong to the mortal world. It is said that the ancient emperors sacrificed evildoers to the heavens to obtain this elixir.

Father obtained this elixir when he exterminated the Life and Death Sect. I thought I had consumed it, but it is still here. " The servant did not speak, allowing Gu Hongsha to think.

After a long time, Gu Hongsha waved his hand. "Leave. That Gu Chensha does not need to keep an eye on him. You should keep an eye on Number Seven, Number Ten, and Boss. Do you understand?" "I understand." The servant knelt down on one knee and left. At the same time, Lou Baiyue was also listening to the report in the "Yuan Public House". Gu Chensha's every move seemed to be under her control.

"Miss, this is the situation. The Nineteenth Prince has been practicing diligently every day, regardless of day or night. He has almost reached the next level." The female guard held the paper with the records. "However, it seems like he has not activated the Giant Spirit Bloodline."

"It seems impossible for him to activate the Giant Spirit Bloodline." Lou Baiyue took the paper and looked at the summary written on it.

"Should I send someone to keep an eye on him?" The female guard asked.

"Of course. Report to me every move he makes." Lou Baiyue said. "This is a small matter. How is the big thing I asked you to do?"

"We have found the ancient ruins according to the mysterious map. No one knows about it. The next step is to excavate further." The female guard said.

"Alright. The ruins are the ancient battlefield. Rumor has it that Gu Tianzi 'Xu' fought with the demon army. You have to prevent the demon aura from invading. I will go there in a few days." Lou Baiyue crossed her fingers and sounded excited. The first snow in the 14 years of Heavenly Talisman finally fell.

In the beginning, it was just small particles. In the middle of the night, it suddenly became bigger in the morning. It covered the sky like goose feathers. In a blink of an eye, the world was pure white without any other color.

Gu Chensha sat in the snow and cultivated his spirit. He was not cold at all. He only wore a thin shirt, but there was no heat coming from his body. He was like wood and stone. The snowflakes did not melt when they landed on him. In a blink of an eye, he turned into a snowman. Only his eyes were bright as he looked at the sky.