Chapter 948
===========

A fearsome thing Chapter 945 Something Terrible

"Swallow this person? I'm afraid we won't be able to do that with our cultivation. "

Yuan Gu was also very afraid, but he was also blinded by greed. "However, this person must be devoured by us. Only then can we ascend to the heavens in a single step and continue our previous glory. Think about how we commanded the heavens and earth before, who would dare to disobey us?

If we want to return to our previous position, we must devour this person. Only by devouring this person can the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha do nothing to us. "

"That's right. I, Dou Sheng, have dominated the world since the Primordial Era, controlling the Son of Heaven and making the Immortals bow before me. But now, I've truly fallen to the level of an ordinary person. I've truly lost my status and dignity."

Subhutuo sighed. "However, his cultivation base is more than enough to crush us to death. In front of him, our power is like that of an ant compared to a divine dragon. I truly didn't expect that in just a few short decades, the world would have completely changed. We don't even recognize it anymore. The Heavenly Realm was also gone.

The new human world has also been established, and all of our wisdom and calculations have become obsolete. " "That might be a good thing for us."

Yuan Gu said, "We were originally only at the Empyrean Realm and couldn't break through to the Heavenly Life Realm. But now, we actually broke through to the Heaven Origin Realm. This is also a breakthrough. If it wasn't for the great changes in the world, we would still be frogs at the bottom of a well."

"We still have a chance. I recently comprehended the strongest divination technique. Don't forget, we still have a powerful helper," the Heavenly Premier Victorious Doer said.

"What helper?" Yuan Gu asked.

"My daughter, Dou Yiyu."

Dou Sheng said, "She's my daughter after all. Even if I break her arm, she's still connected to her tendons. She's now a big shot in the Eternal World, and her cultivation is extremely profound. Moreover, she's the mother of Gu Xingjian.

If we can borrow the power of Everlasting World, will we have a chance to plot against this person? " "That's possible." Yuan Gu hesitated. "But Dou Yiyu is determined to follow Gu Chensha. He's not on our side."

"It doesn't matter. The Everlasting World isn't a monolithic block. Now, there's mutual suspicion. Don't forget that during the Everlasting War, the Emperor Of Heaven's incarnation and Gu Chensha confronted each other. He said that his true body is right next to Gu Chensha, and Gu Chensha admitted it. Everyone is afraid that the person next to them is the true body of the Emperor Of Heaven." Dou Doer said.

"Dou Dou Dou.

"I can't say for the time being."

Dou Sheng said, "I naturally have a plan. We'll use this Lord's power to establish a country, plunder everything in the Human World, and gather the power of sacrifice. At the same time, I'll contact my daughter and let her come to the Human World to plant the Dragonless Heart Sutra in the power of sacrifice. At that time, we can make this Lord and Gu Chensha fight to the death, and then we'll have enough confidence to seize the Origin. However, we need to recruit more followers to be on our side. I can already see that this mysterious Lord hasn't completely refined the Origin in his body. Otherwise, he would've fought against Gu Chensha and the Emperor Of Heaven with great fanfare. Also, I think the reason why this mysterious Lord cultivated us is actually very simple. He also took a fancy to our relationship with Dou Yiyu. He also wants to infiltrate the Everlasting World and find a lot of opportunities."

"That way, we'll really be able to make use of this. If we do this well, we won't be able to restore our previous power, but at least we won't be controlled by anyone." The three of them calculated with each other and prepared to go all out in the Human World. Rumble!

At this time, the battle between the people of the Heavenly Court and the people of the Other World was getting more and more intense.

The gigantic "Otherworld" had completely descended upon the human world and was rolling around in the sky of the human world. It was unknown just how big of a phenomenon it had created.

"This Other World is really strong. I can't even suppress it?"

The Lord of the Human World, Zhang Ziran saw the Other World was shining brightly. He used the power of the Human World but was actually unable to suppress the Other World. He was very annoyed, "If the Human World is established and everyone in the Human World is loyal to me, my power will at least be countless times stronger. But now that the Human World has just been established, the people are not united and their beliefs are in chaos. It's hard for me to use my power. I can only use a little bit of the power of the Human World."

"My power of Underworld is also not enough. If the Human World is a cauldron, all the immortals, demons, gods, humans, and demons will respect reincarnation. The reincarnation power of Underworld will reach its peak and my power will increase by a lot." The King of Earth also used the power of Underworld reincarnation. Unfortunately, it was still not enough to suppress the Other World.

"Alright, we won't be able to get any results if we continue fighting like this." Ji Ningsha said, "Zhang Ziran, are you really going to unify the Human World?

I don't think that's possible. Also, you know that in the future, the Emperor Of Heaven will use you to block disasters. Your position as the Lord of the Human World will not last forever. It's better for us to live in harmony and let us develop and grow in the Human World. In this way, the Emperor Of Heaven will have no choice but to use you to destroy us. Your position will also be stable. Isn't that right? This is called nurturing bandits for self-improvement. If the bandits are destroyed, you will have no meaning.

You should know that the Emperor Of Heaven's power is getting stronger and stronger. Soon, he won't need you guys anymore. Look, he is using people like Hua Mingsha, Hua Yao Sha, and Hua Miesha. These people were created by him, just like how Gu Chensha created the General of the People. In the future, he will use these people and not you guys, because the people he created will be sincere to him, and you guys will have your own selfish motives. " "Shut up."

Hearing Ji Ningsha's blatant provocation, the Sun-Moon Lord Hua Mingsha was enraged, "Witch, you have a glib tongue. You want to create chaos in the Heavenly Court. This is unforgivable. When I catch you, I will imprison you and make you wish you were dead. I will let all those who don't respect the Heavenly Court see the consequences."

"Brother Wen, this person's mouth is really stinky. What kind of things did the Emperor Of Heaven create? Compared to Gu Chensha's General of the People and the King of Common People, they are so much worse.

I heard that the General of the Common People in the Eternal World is a master of the Sky Origin Stage. Although he may not be as strong as this Hua Mingsha, the General of the Common People is fair and impartial. He is neither happy nor angry, neither sad nor resentful. He is much stronger than this Hua Mingsha. "Ji Ningsha spoke to the" Sand of Civilization "while activating the Other World.

"This Hua Mingsha wants to protect the Emperor Of Heaven and become the new Sun-Moon Lord. The Sun-Moon Lord controls many Starry Lords and at the same time can control the 9 Heavenly Kings. The Emperor Of Heaven definitely wants to create an existence that he can completely control. That's for sure. The Lord of the Human Realm Zhang Ziran, the Lord of the God Realm The Great Spirit God, the Lord of the Immortal Realm Jiang Chuan, and the Lord of the Demon Realm God Maha are all unreliable. Especially The Great Spirit God. I think we can make use of him." Gu Chensha also injected some of his power into the Other World.

He actually didn't want to destroy the Other World. He felt that it could be developed and integrated into the Dragonless Sutra to create a better civilization and enrich Gu Chensha's thinking.

"This time, with Zhang Ziran as the leader, they want to eliminate us. Even if we don't fight, it's useless. The Heavenly Court wants to chase us to the end. Do you think we can escape this time? I don't have any thoughts of defeating the Heavenly Court. Even if the 8 of us join hands, we are still not a match for the Emperor Of Heaven. But the Emperor Of Heaven can't be distracted right now.

Also, I don't think the Celestial Thearch wants to force us into a corner, leaving us with no way out and having to rely on Gu Chensha. "

Ji Ningsha analyzed, "But Zhang Ziran and the others are very aggressive. We are actually at a disadvantage." "We can definitely escape this time."

Gu Chensha said, "You know, there is someone who doesn't want us to die. He wants to take us in and become his subordinates." "Who?"

Ji Ningsha was startled at first, then regained her senses, "You mean the person who obtained the huge mutation source?

If that person really comes out, then only that person can temporarily stand up to the Emperor Of Heaven. " "Oh? Isn't it a tripartite confrontation with Gu Chensha and the Emperor Of Heaven? "Gu Chensha asked.

"I've observed the weather. Whether it is the Emperor Of Heaven or the person who obtained the huge mutation source, they are all a level lower than Gu Chensha." Ji Ningsha said.

"If that's the case, you think highly of Gu Chensha? You think he can control this world? "Gu Chensha wanted to hear Ji Ningsha's thoughts.

"That's not necessarily the case. Let's see if he can survive the last calamity."

Ji Ningsha said, "We are all the people who obtained the huge mutation source. It can be said that we are the children of the Heaven Dao and Gu Taxian. They still exist now, but they are entangled with each other. In the end, they will be completely destroyed. At the moment when the Heaven Dao is destroyed, it will release a huge curse or killing intent. The first to be cursed will naturally be Gu Chensha.

If Gu Chensha can survive this calamity, then there is still hope that he can really use the Dragonless Heart Sutra to create a brand new civilization. And there is one more thing that you should know.

At the moment when the Heaven Dao and Gu Taxian are destroyed, it will give birth to a terrifying existence that simultaneously fuses the Heaven Dao and Gu Taxian's core spiritual consciousness. This terrifying existence is the most terrifying thing since ancient times. Whether this thing is good or evil, nobody can tell. Even Gu Chensha is not this thing's opponent. In the end, we still have to see the birth of this thing.

Everything we are doing now is to prepare to fight against this thing. If Gu Chensha can devour the Emperor Of Heaven and unify everything in the world, then we can fight against this terrifying thing. But the current situation is that the people are in a mess. Everyone is doing their own thing. If that terrifying thing is born, I'm afraid it will immediately destroy everything. "