Chapter 626
===========

"You're right about that," said Wan Senshi.

"I've established the Myriad Immortal Alliance. Apart from the aristocratic families of the Divine Central Continent who have submitted to me because of the pressure from the Celestial Pacification Department, only a few sects of the immortal dao have joined the alliance. I can't live up to my name. Even the Profound Mountain Sect doesn't listen to my orders. Do you really think I can't destroy them? Xiao Xigui, tell me, what's going on?

I've asked the Crimson Firmament Sect to bring all the Elders and disciples who have reached the Golden Core level and above into the alliance, but you've made all sorts of excuses. What are you trying to do?

You know, that thing of yours, Xiao Donglai, has been demoted from a god-level expert to an ordinary person by the Celestial Pacification Department. He's now being imprisoned and humiliated. " Wan Senshi looked at one of the god-level experts. He was another one of the old fogies of the Crimson Firmament Sect. His name was Xiao Xigui.

He had a brother named Xiao Donglai, who had participated in the oppression of the Celestial Pacification Department in the imperial court. Using the Banishing Immortal Palm, he had been stripped of all his power and demoted to an ordinary person. Now, he was making amends for his mistakes by becoming a weak commoner.

Many experts of the Crimson Firmament Sect had fallen at the hands of Gu Chensha. First, it was Xiao Yan and Elder Wangji, then Xiao Donglai. Their hatred was as deep as the sea.

"Please calm down, Your Excellency!"

Even Xiao Xigui was scared out of his wits in front of Wan Senshi. He was well aware of Wan Senshi's methods. "In fact, Your Excellency, you understand our difficulties. The immortal dao has always been controlled by the three Celestial Masters. We have no choice but to obey their orders. If we betray them, our clans will be wiped out when the three Celestial Masters come out." "Yes, Your Excellency, please calm down."

Next to Xiao Xigui, a god-level patriarch spoke. "Your Excellency, not long ago, there was a rumor that the True God of the Divine Central Continent had appeared on Mount Fugui in Jiang Province. The disciple of the three Celestial Masters, the God of Destruction, appeared with the Pure Chaos Axe. It is said that this axe can split a world and separate the impurities.

The appearance of this god is definitely not without reason. It is very likely that he is warning our Profound Immortal Dao Sect not to act rashly. Lord Wan Senshi, please advise us where to go from here. " This Divine Rank ancestor was called the Sword of the Nine Realms. He was the god-level ancestor of the Nine Swords Mysterious Gate.

The Nine Swords Mysterious Sect had suffered the least losses when the imperial court had forced them to abdicate. They had only sent an undying Great Elder. Later on, they had not used any treasures to exchange for the Great Elder. Instead, the Great Elder had been sucked into the Small Divine Prefecture to be brainwashed.

Although this loss was not as great as that of the other aristocratic families, an undying Great Elder was still no small matter. It was almost equivalent to the core strength of the sect, a major pillar.

Therefore, the Nine Swords Mystical Gate had to get back at them and take revenge on the Celestial Calmness Department. They had to recover all their losses!

"God Slaying? Does this little guy still dare to show off everywhere? "

Wan Senshi smiled, "Since that's the case, I'll let him come and say a few words. Myriad Worlds Transformation, All Things Capture!" As he spoke, he opened his palms and grabbed into the air.

In an instant, a huge mass of space-time was grabbed out. In it, a young man holding an axe appeared. His body emitted an aura that could destroy all things. This was "God Slaying".

God Slaying's expression was very ugly, but when he saw Wan Senshi, he did not roar or clamor. Instead, he bowed, "Greetings, my lord. May I know why you have summoned me here?" "Kid, at least you know what's good for you."

Wan Senshi said, "I felt that the world had changed and the Heavenly Dao had fallen. I wanted to carry out a plan to save the world and unify the Mystic Immortal Dao first. I heard that you are very restless and have been lobbying the Mystic Immortal Dao everywhere? Threatening them and not letting them join me? Who gave you the guts? Could it be Yuan Gu, Pu Tuo, and Dou Sheng? "

The Yuan Gu, Pu Tuo, and Dou Sheng that Wan Senshi mentioned were the names of the three great Celestial Venerables. In Wan Senshi's eyes, they were also three little fellows. From this, one could see how old this person was.

God Slaying pondered for a moment, then said, "The three masters have been maintaining the order of the immortal dao since the Primeval Era.

Lord Wan Senshi has not come out for many years. Now that he has suddenly appeared and seized the fruits of the three masters' labor, I naturally have to do my best to protect him. "

"This isn't something you can interfere with. I won't make things difficult for you today. The immortal dao is all about free will. Plus, the immortal dao only appeared because I obtained the immortal source in the primordial chaos. Otherwise, how could I be called the Master of All Immortals? "Wan Senshi said.

"The three masters have no intention of going against you, my lord."

God Slaying seemed to have received some sort of news, "They just want to join forces with you to resist the Heavenly Dao's fall.

Of course, the merit of saving the world belongs to you, but the three masters still want to share some with you. "

God Slaying's words were neither soft nor hard, showing that the three Celestial Venerables were enough to resist Wan Senshi.

"Don't play these little tricks anymore. My return to unify the immortal dao is the general trend. Yuan Gu, Pu Tuo, and Dou Sheng won't be able to stop me.

When they come down from the Primordial Tree, I'll tell them what to do. I'm sure they won't have any objections. I think you should join my Alliance of Myriad Immortals, and I'll give you the position of a Great Marshal of Salvation. "

Wan Senshi said, "I'm going to prepare eighteen Great Marshals of Salvation in the Alliance of Myriad Immortals, each in charge of four Profound Immortal Daos, which adds up to seventy-two Profound Immortal Daos.

Since Yuan Gu, Pu Tuo, and Dou Sheng are willing to cooperate with me, I'll start with their disciples. "

"Your Excellency Wan Senshi wants me to persuade four Profound Immortal Daos to join the Alliance of Myriad Immortals and give me the position of a Great Marshal?" God Slaying immediately understood Wan Senshi's intention.

"Yes, your next task is to persuade those Profound Immortal Daos. But don't worry, for every time you persuade a Profound Immortal Daos to join the Alliance of Myriad Immortals, I'll give you a part of the reward. Even your Senior Martial Brothers can join them. I don't mind if all the disciples of Yuan Gu, Pu Tuo, and Dou Sheng become my Great Marshals of Salvation." Wan Senshi was very generous. "Go! Let me see what you can do. " With a wave of his sleeve, he sent God Slaying out of the "New Divine Land".

"Amazing. God Slaying is an expert with the Clear Turbid Axe. He has many tricks up his sleeves, far above that Dou Nineteen. If I want to deal with him, I have to at least face him and use the power of my medium-class world to take him away. If he still has some trump card, I'm afraid he can still resist for a while. Of course, he can't escape while I'm injured, but I still have to waste some time."

When Gu Chensha saw how Wan Senshi casually captured God Slaying, he knew that he was no match for this fiend.

This fiend also had a medium-class world, and his cultivation base was ancient and unfathomable, far above that of the Dharma Saint. Judging from God Slaying's attitude, perhaps none of the three Heavenly Masters was a match for Wan Senshi. Gu Chensha dared not to act rashly.

However, this didn't extinguish the flames in his heart. Instead, his fighting spirit grew stronger and stronger. He had to defeat Wan Senshi. Only then would he be able to show off his skills. So far, Wan Senshi might be the strongest enemy he had. This was a great opportunity for him to hone his skills. The stronger the enemy, the more interesting it would be.

"Your Excellency is invincible. Even the famous God Slaying under the three Heavenly Masters was easily taken care of by you."

Fa Wuxian hurriedly said, "Next, I think there's basically no suspense about the Immortal Dao's Seventy-two Mysterious Sects of the Primordial Era. They'll all be under your command, Your Excellency. However, the Taiyi Mystical Sect and the Cosmos Mystical Sect seem to have completely surrendered to the Celestial Tranquility Department. These two sects are colossal. How do you think we should deal with them, Your Excellency?" "The Taiyi Mystical Sect and the Cosmos Mystical Sect are courting death."

Wan Senshi said, "I have my own countermeasures. You don't need to worry about this. Fa Wuxian, I'm calling for a meeting today to carry out a world-saving operation. I have a Doomsday Salvation Scripture here. All of you must study it diligently and spread it. Not only will you pray day and night, but you'll also have to spread it among the immortal dao and the common people. This scripture is no small matter. It's the essence of my comprehension of the Heavenly Dao.

It contains the essence of my cultivation method. Whoever believes in the contents more will be able to obtain my teachings. This scripture is real. "

As he spoke, a scripture appeared in Wan Senshi's hand. There were images of people, various patterns, and many ancient words on it.

"This scripture is mainly for you to spread the word that the end of the world is coming. A savior has appeared out of nowhere. All immortals, mortals, deities, demons, devils, ghosts, and monsters must believe in this.

Under the leadership of the savior, pray to the heavens and recite the scripture to save the world, prevent the end of the world, and return the Heavenly Dao to the right track. To save the world, all living beings must work together. " Wan Senshi waved his hand. In an instant, a scripture appeared in the hands of everyone present. Even Gu Chensha's incarnation of Unfettered Drifting Void had obtained this scripture.

Gu Chensha opened the scripture and saw that it was very long. It described in detail that the end of the world was coming. Only by working together with the savior could they save the world.

This scripture was very profound, but it was very smooth to read. It seemed to contain some kind of magic that made people want to read on.

If an ordinary person saw this scripture, they would think that it was a very interesting story. They would want to read on, unable to stop. But from Gu Chensha's point of view, this scripture did indeed contain an extremely powerful cultivation method, and there were things that Gu Chensha could not understand.

"Amazing. Even I was almost attracted. This scripture is amazing. If it were spread among the common people, I'm afraid many common people would be attracted by this scripture and abandon my Omniscient Life and Salvation Scripture.

From there, I would believe that this Doomsday Salvation Scripture is the truth. My various thoughts and comprehensions are far inferior to Wan Senshi's. My self-created Omniscient Life and Salvation Scripture is also far inferior to the Doomsday Salvation Scripture. Add to that the fact that the Devil Calamity is coming, and people are still a bit afraid, this Doomsday Salvation Scripture is better for spreading. "