Chapter 718
===========

A long time ago, when the World Tree was still the Heavenly Demon Tree, it could already absorb many powerful demons, thus giving birth to all kinds of magic treasures, pills, and even puppets. ? ??? ???

Later, under the evolution of Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya, the Heavenly Demon Tree transformed into the Tree of Hope. It could absorb more energy and give birth to more colorful treasures. Later, the Tree of Hope became the World Tree and became the pillar of many worlds.

The power of the World Tree had already reached an inconceivable degree. It was able to support the operation of a dimensional realm. For instance, with the support of the World Tree, the dimensional realm of the Common People's Wish sphere was incomparably firm. The condensed space-time within it could even compare with some of the older dimensional realms.

After Lou Baiyue cultivated to the God rank, she comprehended the earth-shattering might of the Great Massacre God Technique and was able to continuously derive tiny worlds.

When she used it to fight against enemies, even Wang Chengshi, who had a 35 Transformations Tiny Dust Transformation, was helpless.

But now, she was using the Great Massacre God Technique to stimulate the World Tree, constantly deriving tiny worlds for the World Tree to devour. This was the same as feeding the God rank experts to the World Tree. For the World Tree, this was an unparalleled nourishment, and it could also give birth to all kinds of wonderful and powerful treasures.

"Heavenly Dao Integration!"

At this time, Gu Chensha also stimulated the Heavenly Dao Art to cooperate. He constantly injected the Heavenly Dao Art into the World Tree, causing the World Tree to transform.

Under the continuous condensation of the Heavenly Dao Art and the Great Massacre God Technique, the World Tree shrank again and again. Even the minor worlds hanging on the tree shrank. It wasn't the interior of the minor worlds that shrank, but the exterior.

In the future, Gu Chensha could even directly grab the World Tree in his hand, and then hang all kinds of minor and medium-sized worlds on the World Tree.

At that time, it would be equivalent to having a supreme magic treasure that could be taken away at any time. For his magic power, it was still very difficult to compress a medium-sized world.

A dimensional realm towered into the heavens. Once it was created, it would be extremely large. It simply couldn't be compressed and carried around. It was just like a giant battleship that had to be anchored at sea. It had to be anchored in a massive harbor; it couldn't be casually placed there.

If one could cultivate to the point of carrying a dimensional realm with them, then perhaps even Wan Senshi would not be able to do it.

Even if Gu Chensha cultivated to the Divinity level, he still wouldn't have such a possibility. Only if he cultivated to the Empyrean realm would he be able to control this dimensional realm as he pleased.

But with his Heavenly Dao Technique cultivation base, wanting to become an Empyrean was simply incomparably difficult. Becoming a God was a huge threshold, and becoming a Sage was another threshold. Becoming an Empyrean was almost as difficult as ascending to the heavens.

However, now that Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue were working together to cultivate the World Tree, they wanted the World Tree to evolve again and become an existence that was closer to the Hong Meng Tree. If it succeeded, the World Tree would be called the Little Hongmeng Tree. Of course, this was a long process, and it wasn't something that could be accomplished overnight.

Right now, what Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue needed to do was to use their own power to stimulate the World Tree. While condensing the tree, the tree would give birth to a treasure and then forge a puppet.

A strong puppet, of course, couldn't compare to the Common People's King, but it had to not lose to a Martial Emperor.

The Beginning Emperor Seal, Emperor Life Talisman, and the other treasures were all injected into the newly born puppet. Due to Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue's activation, many colorful powers surged out of the World Tree. This was the Common People Energy that Gu Chensha had created. Wan Senshi's and Sun Moon Great Thousand's powers also surged into the puppet's body.

Slowly, the puppet started to change. An embroidered robe appeared on its body, and it gave off a calm aura, like a Duke of the court.

"Very good, the newly created one shall be called the Common People's Marquis!"

Gu Chensha said, "Originally, I had split the Common People's Puppets into Common People Officials, Common People's Apostles, Common People's Generals, Common People's Generals, and Common People's Kings.

However, between the Common People's Generals and the Common People's King, a Common People's Marquis can be added.

In the past, the pillars of the court were the Three Dukes and Eight Marquis, with Jushi Marquis as the leader. However, in the future, these dukes and marquis will slowly retreat from politics and change into those selfless puppets that don't know fatigue and don't need a salary. They are truly just. Only then will the common people not have any complaints towards the government. "

Now, the common people only had praise for the Common People's Generals and didn't have any complaints. This was because everyone knew that the Common People's Generals didn't have any selfish motives. They would strictly follow the laws and all sorts of rules and regulations, which was different from the past. The Martial Saint looked at Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue's formation and praised, "Not bad, not bad.

You can create puppets to replace the officials and solve the bureaucratic problem that previous dynasties couldn't solve. When any dynasty starts to fall, it is because of the corruption of the officials. As the saying goes, a thousand mile dam collapses because of an ant's nest. Now that the officials have been solved, everything else will be easy. However, there is another problem, which is that many people study martial arts to become officials and become people above others. Now that the officials are all puppets, it is the same as losing a path to progress. This path is blocked, just like how the meridians of the human body are blocked, it will cause huge problems. "

"This is easy to solve as everyone has started to cultivate. To cultivate, people don't have time to care about other things. In the future, we will still let people expand our land, but we will never have enough people.

Actually, there is another point, which is that the endless world is too big. Such a large area, let everyone have the spirit to explore. Moreover, to fight against the demon race, to become heroes, we will build a monument.

Even if they are alive, they can also be sacrificed. As the saying goes, heroes will have a good ending, heroes will not die. This is how it is. "

Gu Chensha said, "For example, you Sages used to be sacrificed. The power produced by the sacrifice can temporarily awaken you. If the power of the sacrifice is enough, it can even revive you and separate you from the Heavenly Dao."

Gu Chensha already had a series of countermeasures, "I will establish such a system so that everyone who has contributed to humanity will be sacrificed. This is the so-called reputation in life and in death.

Not to mention the reputation people fight for, they can also be sacrificed to obtain a chance to be reborn. Currently, only Sages can be sacrificed after death and have a chance to be reborn. Apart from them, even gods can't. However, in the future, we will expand the number of sacrifices so that any hero can be sacrificed and have a chance to be reborn. " "That would be best."

The Martial Emperor was silent for a moment, then let out a long sigh, "The important matters of the country are sacrifices and war. Sacrifices are the most important.

Even small country squire clans will worship their ancestors. In fact, if an ordinary person has a bit of spirituality after death, even if they can't be resurrected after a long period of worship, they can still maintain some mysterious Fengshui. "

Indeed, since ancient times, the most important thing for a family was to worship their ancestors. For example, if the head of a family died and was buried in a place with good Fengshui, then the sacrifice would be carried out. That way, the head's soul would fuse with the family's land and not leak out.

This way, the family's land would become more and more spiritually and become a blessed land. After a long time, the family would become a place of great heroes.

Moreover, the souls of those generations of family would gather together and not disperse. Under the rich power of the sacrifice, they would show some spirituality and eventually become the family's guardian spirit. Of course, they could not be revived, but they would still transform into another life form.

If a family had a strong atmosphere of sacrifice, the family would prosper. On the contrary, if the incense was weak, the ancestors would not show up, and the family would very likely decline. The most important thing every year was the sacrifice of any family or country. The sacrifice was a grand ceremony.

In the future, the path that Gu Chensha opened for humanity was to obtain sacrifices in front of and behind him. Any hero, be it alive or dead, could be sacrificed.

Even if one cultivated in the real world, if one was sacrificed by the people, one's cultivation and destiny would explode.

For example, the current Common People's Commander slowly had the aura of being fed by heaven and earth. Weng …

Gu Chensha shook and instantly the Common People's Marquis retracted all his strength. He turned into a person similar to the merger of Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue.

In the end, his form stabilized. This Common People's Marquis was formed from the Primal Emperor Seal, Emperor Life Talisman, and the other Xiantian treasures. Along with Wan Senshi's head source, the power of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand, the cultivation of the Five Emperors, along with Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue, they worked together to activate the World Tree. Many treasures were formed and gathered together to form the Common People's Marquis.

This was why the Common People's Marquis's cultivation was at Dao Realm 36 Transformations. He was at Embodiment Transformation Realm and he was also a Divergent. This was because the Martial Emperor's Divergent Heart was also merged within.

Different from the Common People's King, the Common People's Marquis was completely refined by Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue. As for the Common People's King, it contained the will of North Star Continent.

It was true that he was being suppressed right now, but at the most crucial moment, he might awaken and take over the reins of power. Then, the Common People's Marquis wouldn't be able to wake up.

"Subordinate greets Master."

The Common People's Marquis woke up and the power in his body turned into many different types of freedom.

He knelt down in a pious and wise manner. The aura of wisdom was shaking, brewing, spinning, turning into a whirlpool that kept changing. This was already the aura of someone managing the world.

"Very good, Common People's Marquis."

Gu Chensha said, "The Common People's King suppresses the medium-sized world and can't move out easily. You can be the one managing the God Continent and become the head of the Common People's Commander."

"I think that you can create the Eternal Life Wisdom Book to strengthen the Common People's Marquis's divination ability." Martial Saint suddenly suggested.

"Eternal Life Wisdom Book?

That is something left by the prehistoric civilization. Legend has it that this thing has unparalleled divination abilities. "

Gu Chensha was really knowledgeable and knew what Martial Saint was talking about. This book could deduce everything that existed and didn't exist. To the prehistoric civilization, it had another name: Smart Brain.

"The phone app that everyone has been waiting for is finally online! App supports offline reading, no ads, millions of books are free to read! Font and brightness adjustment, night mode, reading progress memory, etc. Please follow WeChat to download. Gegegengxin (Press down for three seconds to copy)