Chapter 39
==========

"You're not training yourself. You're courting death. Let's not talk about the Divine Emissary of the Barbarian Tribe. Even the Black Demon Bat, Hundred Poison Daoist, Yin-Yang Scholar, Blood Soul Sect's Master … These evil demons are all old monsters who have been famous for fifty to sixty years. They are Dao Realm experts.

Long Yuyun's tone was tense. "These fiend-devils are gathering here to avenge the extermination of the imperial court, and they're also taking this opportunity to ask for rewards from the fiend-gods. This is an extremely rare opportunity. Many of the fiend-gods were forced by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor to hand over their own benefits to weaken the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

If the world is in chaos, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's power will be weakened and his strength will be affected too. "

"I won't leave. These demons harm the people and I won't allow them to spread. Even if I die in battle, I won't care."

Gu Chensha sighed, "Ever since the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, the people of the world have just had a good life. I won't allow anyone to destroy it." "Have you made up your mind?" Long Yuyun knew that it was useless to dissuade him.

"Of course."

Gu Chensha stood up. He was tall and strong-willed. He didn't hesitate at all. Righteousness surged in his chest and he had no regrets even if he died. Just at this moment, a strong sense of danger surged in his heart.

A black shadow appeared on the wall and landed in the courtyard. He stretched out his palm and the window was turned to dust.

The black shadow darted in and opened his palm. Instantly, there was a soul-sucking feeling as he attacked Gu Chensha and Long Yuyun. Assassination!

"Black Demon Bat!" Gu Chensha sensed a familiar aura. Who else could it be if it wasn't the old demon?

"Hehehe … There is actually a Dao Realm expert. Unfortunately, it is just a transformation. Evil God will be really happy if we capture him and sacrifice him. He will give me more God Power."

Black Demon Bat said in a low voice, "Especially you, the son of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Capturing you will give you more Dao Realm experts. The Evil God knows many of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's secrets with your bloodline and soul! So, just die. "

His voice didn't come out but it was an evil technique. It was a soul-sucking voice and a Martial Dao aura attack that made people dizzy.

"Azure Dragon Storms the Seas!"

Long Yuyun spread her hands apart, forming the shape of a dragon and the shape of a tide. She executed her consummate technique, Azure Dragon Wreaking Havoc in the Sea, blocking the Baleful Black Bats first to prevent them from harming Gu Chensha.

"Courting death!"

After all, the Baleful Demon Bat was a Second Transformation Realm expert with immense strength. His palm strike was like nine bulls and two tigers, and the air crackled. Within ten steps, the vibration of the air could break blades and swords. Bang!

Long Yuyun was knocked back by the palm strike. Her blood and Qi were in turmoil, and she was seeing stars. Her internal organs were slightly damaged.

Although the Baleful Bat was stopped, its might did not diminish, and it still pounced towards Gu Chensha.

"The Refinement of the Sun and Moon is like a furnace. The changes of the sun and moon melt everything …" At that moment, flames seemed to burn on Gu Chensha's body. A large number of the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales turned into kinetic energy in that instant. At that moment, he no longer concealed his true martial arts, nor did he use the Mighty Soul Technique. Instead, he used the Refinement of the Sun and Moon from the orthodox Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art, the Sun-Moon Transformation Fist Technique.

This fist technique consumed a large amount of energy, but the Purple-Green Immortal Peaches, Fire Jujubes, and Heavenly Dew that Gu Chensha had eaten had all been turned into Sun and Moon Dragon Scales, all for the sake of dealing a fatal blow at a critical moment.

When he had fought with the Baleful Black Bats on the boat, he had used the Star Striker, Void Piercer, and Demon Extermination of the Great Spirit God Spear. He had even taken advantage of the time when the Baleful Demon Bat was fighting Lou Baiyue to injure the Baleful Black Bat. Now that the Baleful Black Bat had come again, he would definitely be prepared.

However, he had never expected that Gu Chensha's trump card would be the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art. When this technique was truly activated, it was ten times stronger than the Great Spirit God Technique. Weng …

A look of surprise appeared on Long Yuyun's face. In her eyes, Gu Chensha's entire body seemed to be illuminating the sun and moon, shining with boundless brilliance. Even she couldn't suppress his aura. In reality, Gu Chensha wasn't releasing any blinding light; it was just his martial arts aura.

Originally, his martial arts aura could not create illusions for Dao Realm experts. However, the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art was too strong. With the Heavenly Dao General Principles, it was not difficult for him to challenge those of a higher realm. Whoosh!

Gu Chensha's body twisted to the limit. He used the Sun and Moon Transformation to dodge the Baleful Black Bat's attack.

Then, his fists alternated with the sun and moon, circulating endlessly. In that instant, time froze, he ruthlessly smashed towards the Baleful Black Bat's back.

"Not good!"

The Baleful Black Bat was enveloped in fear. It could almost see the shadow of death flying over. "Why? Why can he use such an attack? What kind of technique is this? "

Even his soul was shocked by this attack. This was the natural fear of the Son of Heaven's God-Sealing Art.

The Son of Heaven's Dao represented the present. It was the strongest power in the world. It represented civilization and order.

"Baleful Black Demon God, evil flames fill the sky. The bat has six wings and comes out of the darkness!"

The Baleful Black Bat's mind went crazy. He twisted his body in a form that did not belong to a human. He waved his palms like six wings. Peng peng peng peng peng … Continuous attacks. Shockwaves rumbled in the room, tearing apart many furniture.

A long sword suddenly appeared in Long Yuyun's hand. The sword was dull and heavy. It was actually a sword made of bones.

The sword in her hand was like an illusion. With a light shake, the sky was filled with sword shadows. It stabbed into the Baleful Black Bat's palm shadows.

"Ah!" The Baleful Black Bat let out a mournful cry, "Dragon Bone Sword!" He jumped out of the window like a giant bat. He leaped onto the wall and left quickly.

"Chase!"

Blood appeared on Long Yuyun's sword. "The Baleful Black Bat's meridians and acupoints were injured by my Dragon Bone Sword. This is the best opportunity to kill him! If we kill him, even if we lose the entire Ba Nan Province, it will be a great contribution. " Pfft!

Gu Chensha spat out a mouthful of blood. Although he managed to restrain the Baleful Black Bat with his counterattack, he was still injured because of the huge difference in strength. If not for Long Yuyun's Dragon Bone Sword, he might not be a match for the Baleful Black Bat.

However, his injuries were only internal injuries. He could recover quickly after digesting the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales.

"Chase!"

Of course, he would not let the Baleful Black Bat go. This demon had to be killed. Who knew how much heavenly dew they could obtain by sacrificing it? It would also be a great threat to the people. Without hesitation, the two of them chased after the Baleful Black Bat.

"The Baleful Black Bat is extremely powerful. If not for the Dragon Bone Sword, the two of us would have been killed by him!" Long Yuyun still had lingering fear.

"The Dragonbone Sword was obtained by the founder of Dragon Sword Island. He carved a formation on it and nurtured it with Spiritual Qi. It has been passed down from generation to generation until now. This sword is extremely powerful and has a spiritual nature. It can be controlled by a person's will and slash people dozens of miles away. Dragon Sword Island's fame is all because of this sword …" An introduction appeared in the depths of Gu Chensha's mind.

The Dragon Bone Sword was a true treasure. With this sword, Long Yuyun's lethality would increase by several times, even tenfold, and she could fight against the Baleful Black Bat.

'Dragon Sword Island really does have a rich foundation. It's many times stronger than an impoverished place like the Black Fiend Bats, 'Gu Chensha thought to himself as he gave chase,' It's very likely that this Long Yuyun has other hidden cards up her sleeves.

His muscles moved once more to digest the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales on his body. Instantly, his injuries were all healed up.

The more one cultivated the Sun and Moon Transformation, the more changes one's body would have. One's recovery ability was no weaker than that of a Dao Realm expert.

Dao Realm experts absorbed spiritual energy to heal their injuries. Sun and Moon Transformation required them to consume treasures to refine the spiritual energy within, turning it into higher-grade Sun and Moon Dragon Scales.

The three of them were as fast as lightning. In the blink of an eye, they were out of Batan Province.

Although the defenses were tight and there were many soldiers, there were no true experts. It was easy for a Dao Realm expert to sneak in and out.

Of course, if a Dao Realm expert wanted to attack the city and fight the army, it would be dangerous. They might be surrounded and it would be like ants biting an elephant to death.

Dao Realm experts were still weak at the second transformation. Only when they reached the third transformation would they be able to block most of the damage.

If the Black Ghost Bat reached the third transformation, then Long Yuyun and Gu Chensha wouldn't have a chance at all.

The Black Ghost Bat's forte was speed but he was stabbed by the Dragon Bone Sword. The Dragon Bone Sword contained 10,000-year True Dragon and Earth Fire and Ice Energy. Just a slight stab caused the sword energy to spiral around his body. It was as if he was being tortured in ice and flames and it was tough for him to move.

He had originally wanted to capture Gu Chensha and sacrifice him to the Evil God, but he hadn't expected Long Yuyun to also be present. He had suffered greatly, and now he wanted to quickly leave, capture the commoners to sacrifice and heal his injuries.

Outside of the city, after going around the main road, there was a forest. The Black Ghost Bat dashed in.

"Dragon Bone God Might, go!"

Long Yuyun suddenly sliced her finger and smeared fresh blood on the sword. The sword gave out a low dragon roar and trembled. It flew out towards the Black Ghost Bat.

"Flying Sword!" This was the first time Gu Chensha had seen such a thing and he exclaimed about the wonders of creation.

"What is this?

I heard that Xian Chao Princess, who is your mother, married the Heaven Talisman Emperor and she brought three treasures. The Great Spirit God Ring, Anti-Demon Robe, and Law Breaking Celestial Sword. Out of them, the Law Breaking Celestial Sword is much stronger than my Dragon Bone Sword. "Long Yuyun said," Did you not get any of them? " "Damn!"

Gu Chensha was furious. The Great Spirit God Ring fell into the hands of the Crown Prince, the Anti-Demon Robe fell into the hands of the Empress, and the Law Breaking Celestial Sword was in the hands of the Seventh Prince. As for the other treasures, the Second and Third Princes all took some.

As the Xian Chao Princess, she had a lot of dowries. This was because the Xian Chao Imperial Family wanted her to gain a foothold in the palace and give birth to a son in an attempt to seize power and solve the Xian Chao Empire's crisis. In the forest, the Dragon Bone Sword had caught up to the Black Ghost Bat. A black hook appeared in the bat's hand to block the Dragon Bone Sword.

The Dragon Bone Sword was really sharp and even if he cultivated to the third transformation, he wouldn't be able to block it easily. He could only use his weapon to fight it.