Chapter 154
===========

Gu Chensha's refinement skills were much better than before. After learning from Bao Ming 'er for a few months, with his memory and comprehension ability, he had some achievements.

Although he was restricted by his realm and didn't have Xiantian Earth Energy, he still had the ability to identify treasures.

When he saw the five swords, he felt that the quality of the swords was far above the King Dragon Armor and Demon Descending Blade. After all, they were ancient swords and had both offense and defense.

Gu Chensha felt that Liu Yu and the other four were really strong. Even Dao Realm Transformation Six or Seven wouldn't be able to do anything to them. This was because when Long Zaifei used his Xiantian Earth Energy, it was blocked by the sword light.

Liu Yu and the other four were really talented and could even be considered geniuses and geniuses. They were only slightly weaker than Long Zaifei. With Gu Chensha's eyes, their talents were really shocking and they were much stronger than him.

"Back then, we were just commoners in the mortal world."

Liu Yu and the other four exclaimed, "In just a short year, King groomed us into true experts and stepped into the Celestial Path. If not for King, we would still be wandering the world."

"That isn't the case. All of you were lucky." Gu Chensha waved his hands, "Right, Long Zaifei, how is your sister's cultivation?"

"My sister has reached Dao Realm Transformation Four. Unfortunately, she can't absorb Earth Vein Celestial Energy and Xuanwu Energy, otherwise, she would be able to cultivate Xiantian Earth Energy."

Long Zaifei hurriedly reported, "A few days ago, Elder Sister led the troops to completely settle down Dragon Sword Island and reached an agreement with Ocean Roc Island. Elder Sister Jade Frost Dew has also convinced many conservative factions to prepare to accept the imperial court's enlistment. If Your Highness permits, I am prepared to make a trip overseas and help Your Highness complete the enlistment." Now, Long Zaifei was learning to manage many things. He was really a talent.

"The First Prince won't let this go so easily. The enlistment has to be done slowly. We need to plan carefully."

Gu Chensha waved his hands, "Your mission is to help out in the manor and train your skills. If you can reach Dao Realm Transformation Seven, I can allow you to head out." "Many thanks, benefactor." Long Zaifei promptly saluted.

"Your Royal Highness, I think we can recruit more people." Liu Yu said, "Now that the finances are loose, it's a good time to recruit people and expand our influence." "That works too."

Gu Chensha thought for a moment, "I'll leave this matter to you. I'd rather have someone with poor aptitude than someone with good aptitude who harbors evil intentions. I have the Tiger Wolf Pill that can increase aptitude." "Yes." Liu Yu obeyed.

The Tiger Wolf Pill could turn an idiot into an Intermediate Talent, which was very impressive. With Intermediate Talent, as long as he had the pill, he could definitely cultivate to become a Martial Master.

"Your Highness, our princess has a message for you. She hopes that you can go to her fief. There is something important to discuss." At this moment, San Xiang walked in.

Xue Xiang, Mei Xiang, and Si Xiang had already entered the Dao Realm. Moreover, they were at the Second Transformation of the Dao Realm, the Nine Bulls and Two Tigers Realm. However, compared to Liu Yu and the others, they were far inferior.

"What is it?" Gu Chensha asked.

"The Princess didn't say, but she insisted that His Highness make a trip," San Xiang said.

"Since that is the case, it must be something big."

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue were in an alliance now. "I will leave immediately. All of you stay here and guard it, especially the Xuanwu egg. Don't let outsiders touch it." "Yes."

Liu Yu and the others had some ability now. If the five of them worked together and combined their swords, they could probably kill a Ninth Transformation expert.

Gu Chensha activated the King Dragon Armor and flew into the sky. Then, he hid his body and blended perfectly with the sky. He flew quickly. With the speed of the King Dragon Armor, even Yi Ming couldn't compare to him.

The King Dragon Armor had been refined many times and it even had eight meridians, twelve main meridians, and a dantian energy ocean. The spiritual energy was circulating within, making it even more magical. The spiritual consciousness was circulating according to a fixed pattern, never stopping.

The King Dragon Armor's concealment ability had also been greatly improved. It perfectly displayed the characteristics of the "illusionary snake". Not only was it colorless, it didn't even have any smell or fluctuation. To outsiders, it was just a vacuum.

The mountains, rivers, and earth were all far away. Looking down from the sky, from inside the pass to outside the pass, the construction was still in full swing. The roads were like a chessboard, extending into the distance. Mountains and forests were flattened, giant logs and ores were transported into the pass to be stored as strategic resources. Many railways were being laid, iron carriages rumbled, and all kinds of people and horses were densely packed.

At this moment, the entire area of seven to eight thousand li outside the pass had become a huge densely populated area. The prosperity of trade and the abundance of resources had begun to surpass the capital.

Moreover, the houses were tall and wide, the roads were smooth and tidy, and the market was clean and tidy. It was a brand new look of the city. Many people inside the pass didn't want to go back after living here for a period of time.

This was the construction of the Heavenly Designer Institution. It was like building a palace in heaven on earth instead of a city.

In the past, people were unwilling to enter the Wilderness. The army also lacked supplies and couldn't stay for long.

But now, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was advancing step by step, turning this place into a densely populated area. Not only did he not deplete the national strength, he even strengthened it.

In the past year, countless resources were transported into the national treasury, and the wealth of the people was also accumulated. The Wilderness was like a treasure trove. Once it was developed, the overall strength of the Great Yongchō would increase by tens of times.

From afar, Gu Chensha could see that the fate of the Great Yongchō was wrapped in pure gold, resembling a kingdom of heaven on earth.

After flying for four hours, he saw that Lou Baiyue's conferred land was also being constructed in a large scale. However, compared to his conferred land, it was still inferior.

Lou Baiyue's clan's wealth was not bad, but compared to the nouveau riche Gu Chensha, it still couldn't compare.

However, the castle that she lived in was already completed. It was surrounded by rivers and jade belts passed by. Between the pavilions, there were all sorts of fake mountains. There was a manmade desert scenery, mountains and seas, small bridges, and rivers. It was as though the entire land was shrunk into the castle.

"This is the Mountain and Mountain State Formation. Its defense is average, and so is the spirit gathering. But when one lives in it, one's heart will be broad and the world will be in one's chest. It will cultivate one's heart and mind. It is far from what my Black Tortoise Formation can compare to." Gu Chensha had some understanding of this Fengshui Formation. Give up on defense, give up on spirit gathering, and just develop one's heart and temperament. If an expert came, it would be easy for them to sneak into the residence and cause trouble.

As for Gu Chensha's Black Tortoise Formation, it was like a turtle shell snake formation. There were also nine treasures staring at it in the dark. Even an army wouldn't be able to break through and it could even be used as a giant fortress.

Just as he was about to land, a person charged into the air and appeared beside him. It was Lou Baiyue. She actually noticed him from below.

"You actually cultivated to Dao Realm Seven Transformation."

Gu Chensha noticed that Lou Baiyue was able to use her Xiantian Earth Energy to fly into the air. This was obviously the Dao Realm Seven Transformation.

"I have to thank you for your Seven Saint Heart Cultivation Pill."

Lou Baiyue looked at the armor on Gu Chensha's body, "Your armor is becoming more and more amazing. It has the eight meridians, twelve main meridians, and dantian energy ocean. Bao Ming 'er should have helped you, right? You have been really close with her recently."

"Bao Ming 'er has bad intentions. If my guesses are correct, she should be from Great Wei Dynasty." Gu Chensha didn't hide anything.

"What?"

Lou Baiyue was shocked. She looked at Gu Chensha's expression and it didn't seem like he was lying, "How did you know?" "I've caught all the clues that she's revealed."

Gu Chensha told her about the Dragon Transformation Tower. He wasn't afraid of exposing the secret in front of Lou Baiyue, "This girl isn't simple. She might be an enemy of the Imperial Dynasty." "Great Wei Dynasty is eyeing the Imperial Dynasty aggressively and we can't underestimate them."

Lou Baiyue praised Gu Chensha for being so attentive, "You really are amazing. Since that is the case, then we can make use of this girl."

"Your castle is actually built into the Country Country Formation but it lacks defense. If enemies invade, it will be tough to defend." Gu Chensha asked.

"I am not afraid of experts invading."

Lou Baiyue said, "I have cultivated to Dao Realm Seven Transformation. Even if Nine or Ten Transformation experts come, they will be killed by me in one strike."

Lou Baiyue, who had cultivated the Great Massacre God Technique, actually had the confidence to say such words.

"I lived my life in the north and south, returning with white hair and a white face, sleeping in the autumn night, the mountains and rivers in front of me." Gu Chensha recited, "Looking at your residence, the aura is vast, it really is the mountains and rivers in front of me."

"Your Majesty's poem is really desolate. It was written when he was traveling around and saw the God Continent shatter."

Lou Baiyue said, "I used the intent within to build the Country Country Formation to nourish the majestic aura in my chest. With my cultivation, I don't need to gather spiritual energy."

"I have learned something once more." Gu Chensha nodded his head, "Right, why did you tell San Xiang to find me?"

"Follow me." Lou Baiyue flew into the distance. It was already a mountain range and there were no signs of humans.

Gu Chensha followed closely behind and noticed that Lou Baiyue was flying really quickly. The Xiantian Energy around her was spinning and it was endless. Even his King Dragon Armor couldn't keep up.

As they flew, the sky started to darken. The fog was so thick that it was hard to see north, south, east, and west.

Gu Chensha didn't think much of it. He knew that this was a normal phenomenon in the Wilderness. The weather in the Wilderness was always changing. The fog in the mountains sometimes covered the sky and the sun, covering thousands of miles of land. In short, it wasn't strange to see any changes in the weather and geography in the Wilderness.

Flying into the fog, Lou Baiyue went deeper. Another two hours passed, but she still hadn't flown out of the fog.

"It's up ahead."

She landed on the huge mountain. In the thick fog, one couldn't see their fingers in front of them. There seemed to be monsters hiding in the fog. It was frighteningly quiet. Gu Chensha had the King Dragon Armor to protect him, so he didn't panic.

Crack. The two of them landed on the ground. The ground was covered with piles of bones. It was unknown how many years they had been here, but they all shattered with a slight thud.

Gu Chensha saw that these bones were of both humans and beasts. They seemed to cover the whole mountain.

"What is this place?" he asked quickly.