Chapter 539
===========

The Dharma Saint heaved a sigh of relief when he heard Gu Huansha's words. "In that case, Immortal Master and I are friends and not enemies. I see that you are hiding in the Heavenly Craftsman Institute and secretly fighting against the Department of Tranquility? Are you here to cooperate with me? " "I didn't expect Lord Dharma Saint to be afraid of the Department of Tranquility?"

Gu Huansha smiled faintly. "Lord Dharma Saint is the leader of the ancient Seven Great Saints. You are very knowledgeable and even used the great change of heaven and earth to break free from the shackles of the Heavenly Dao and resurrect. Your means are simply earth-shattering. Wouldn't it be easy for you to capture the insignificant Department of Tranquility?" "Don't underestimate those juniors."

The Dharma Saint said solemnly, "Those juniors have great potential. Recently, Gu Huasha and Lou Baiyue's juniors have also become natural-born saints. It is very likely that they will activate Gu Taxian's bloodline. This bloodline has the power to shake heaven and earth and twist the Heavenly Dao. I wonder if you have activated it?" "Well, it's better that Lord Dharma Saint doesn't know about it."

Gu Huansha pretended to be mysterious. "My father's bloodline is naturally unique in the world. Even Lord Dharma Saint has designs on it. If Lord Dharma Saint obtains it, I'm afraid you will truly break free from the shackles of the Heavenly Dao." "What kind of existence is Gu Taxian?"

The Warlock Saint said, "I don't think the Celestial Master is clear about it either. However, according to my calculations, he does not exist in this world at all. He also does not exist in any of the spacetime and the river of time that has existed since ancient times. The reality that we are in now is a nightmare. From this point of view, it is also possible that you do not exist. With Immortal Master's cultivation, I'm sure she knows this. Why is she so stubborn? "

"The Dharma Saint is indeed a supreme saint who transcends the world. He can actually see through the essence of the world. However, no one knows the truth. My mother said that what she sees now might not be the truth. How could she not know that we are in a dream within a dream? Perhaps this is the real thing, and what you've seen might be an illusion. "

Gu Huansha smiled. "There is no benefit in thinking about these things. Why don't we talk about our cooperation?" "Cooperate? Immortal Master, how do you want to cooperate with me? "The Dharma Saint asked.

"Didn't Lord Dharma Saint want to support this kid to become the Wildlands Lord?

I think that if the people from the Calming Immortal Department knew about this, they would definitely object.

Besides, there are other pawns in the Wilderness, such as Li Wanlong, Wen Hong, and even the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor. Other than that, there are also some old antiques in the depths of the Patriarchs. Even the Primogenitor of all demons, the North Star Emperor, is involved. There are many Demon Gods and Demon Saints in the Devil Race. To clean up the situation among so many complicated forces, get rid of the false and retain the true, and seize the throne, I think that no matter how powerful Lord Dharma Saint is, it will be difficult for him to continue. If he pulls one hair, it will affect the whole body. If he has my mother's help, it will be much easier, "Gu Huan Sha said.

"Alright." The Dharma Saint agreed without hesitation, which surprised Gu Huansha.

"Lord Dharma Saint sure is straightforward. Aren't you afraid that we will plot something? "Gu Huansha asked.

"It's fine. Given the current situation, this is the only way. If I don't agree, the Celestial Master will definitely have other tricks up her sleeves. Besides, although the Celestial Master is famous in the Primordial Era, I am not really afraid of her. Little girl, there are some things that you don't understand. I can see that your cultivation is not far from the God Realm. You have cultivated to the 29 changes and comprehended the realm of chaos. But even if you become a God Realm expert, you have only just opened the door to the world."

As the Dharma Saint spoke, he was neither anxious nor impatient. He never showed any emotion, and he didn't lower his guard just because the other party was a junior.

"The Dharma Saint is indeed the Dharma Saint. In time, he will indeed be able to fight against the three Celestial Masters." Gu Huansha laughed.

"The three Celestial Masters have been accumulating strength for many years. If I were to fully recover my cultivation, I would be able to fight evenly with any Celestial Master without the help of treasures. But the three Celestial Masters' world has already reached the peak of a medium-class world. They are advancing towards the true Great Thousand World. It is impossible for me to fight against them." The Dharma Saint knew the details. "Little girl, you don't need to flatter me. Tell me, how do you want to cooperate?"

"If this kid wants to establish his own force, he won't be able to do so without a huge financial support. From now on, my Celestial Designer Institution will fully support him. How about it?" Gu Huansha said.

"Can you completely control the Celestial Designer Institution?" The Dharma Saint asked.

"The Celestial Designer Institution was originally established with the help of my mother. Back then, Ghost Axe and Divine Designer, the two great Demon Taoist Ancestor, were also disciples under my mother. It is reasonable for me to come back and take over the Celestial Designer Institution. Moreover, I am also a member of the royal family. In other words, I can be considered a princess with great Yongchō."

Gu Huansha looked around. "Although I am not interested in the imperial court, the world is becoming more and more heated. There is nothing wrong with coming to play for a while." "Are you playing with the mentality of playing?"

The Dharma Saint shook his head. "Once you enter the world of mortals, the five skandhas will be lost. It will not be easy to escape. It is difficult to sever the karma of all living beings. As long as you have a thought, you have already fallen into the trap." "That is a story for later."

Gu Huansha said, "Let us sign an agreement and evaluate the Wilderness. If all the barbarians in the Wilderness are united and their wills are unified, we will be able to trigger the true will of the entire Wilderness after a few great ceremonies. Although it is not as strong as the will of the Divine Continent, it is enough to tear the sky apart. My mother does not need it, but I do need it to activate the bloodline in my body. I can also store enough resources before I advance to the God level. After I advance to the God level, I will quickly turn the Microscopic World into a Minor Chiliocosm. How about we divide the Wilderness equally? " "Sure." The Dharma Saint only said one word.

"Very good. Straightforward." Gu Huansha took out an agreement. There were many clauses on it. The Dharma Saint scanned it and signed his name on it with a snap of his fingers. Immediately, some sort of mysterious agreement was born. Other than the Dharma Saint's name, the Immortal Master's name was also on the agreement.

After signing the agreement, Gu Huansha was very satisfied. She took out another agreement and handed it to the Dharma Saint. Then, her body suddenly distorted and she disappeared without a trace.

"Master? Are you really going to sign an agreement with this woman? Let her assist me to become the Master of the Wilderness? "Gu Changjian asked.

"Of course. If you receive the support of the Heavenly Craftsman Institute, it will be easier for you to unify the barbarians and seize the position of the Master of the Wilderness. When that time comes, you will truly achieve great things."

The Dharma Saint pointed below. "Look at the barbarians and the demons. In fact, the difference between them is that the barbarians have demonic nature, but they also have spiritual nature. I have been carrying out the Spirit and Demon Integration Plan. The barbarians are actually the product of the Spirit and Demon Integration. I will now teach you the Spirit and Demon Integration Technique. You can perform this technique and turn any demon into a barbarian." "Thank you, Master."

Waves of mysterious thoughts entered Gu Changjian's consciousness. Then, Gu Changjian's appearance turned into that of a barbarian.

"Next, it's up to you. The barbarians are vast. It will depend on your own management. Even with the support of me and the Immortal Master, it will not be easy for you to obtain the position of the Master of the barbarians." After the Dharma Saint was done, he disappeared.

When the Dharma Saint disappeared completely, Gu Changjian sneered. "Lord Dharma Saint, it seems that you and the Immortal Master are waiting for me to become the Master of the Wilderness. That will be the time to harvest me. I can't control my own fate now. Everything is decided by you. I can't make my own decisions. How can I be willing to live such a life? Luckily, my father was prepared and informed the three Celestial Masters. "

Even as he spoke, Gu Changjian pulled out a talisman and dripped some blood onto it. Instantly, the talisman flickered, and a beam of light shot out, transforming into the body of a middle-aged man. He wore a suit of armor, and seemed to be an ancient god.

"Disciple pays his respects, Emissary of the Tranquil God," Gu Changjian said, dropping to his knees.

"Very good. I know what you're doing. I'll report this to the Celestial Master. I never would have guessed that the Dharma Saint would join forces with the Immortal Master, and that the Immortal Master and Gu Taxian have a daughter named Gu Huansha.

The emissary of the Nethergod said, "You did well. Now, follow the plan and seize the position of the Wildlands Lord. I will support you. I will also pass on a precious treasure to you. "

As he spoke, the void suddenly split open, and a beam of light shot out, transforming into a disc-shaped magical treasure. "This is a fragment of a prehistoric object, which the three Celestial Masters obtained and refined into a magical treasure. It's called the Good Fortune Jade Disk, and it contains all sorts of profound mysteries. It can gather the power of the hearts of all living beings. In the future, when you recruit the Barbarians, you will worship this object. It can replace the Heretic God and give the Barbarians power. At the same time, it can also give you power." "Many thanks, Celestial Master. Many thanks, Tranquil God."

Gu Changjian's heart trembled. He knew that the three Celestial Masters were also plotting something, and that the Good Fortune Jade Disk in his hand was most likely something the three Celestial Masters would use to absorb the faith of the Barbarians.

Now that the Barbarians had lost the power to worship, even if they killed their prey and sacrificed their blood to the Heretic God, they wouldn't be able to sense anything. If he appeared out of nowhere and led the Barbarians to worship the Good Fortune Jade Disk, he would be able to gain a lot of faith, which would snowball. But if he did that, the Dharma Saint would probably find out.

The Dharma Saint didn't mean for him to follow the old path of the Barbarians, but to educate the Barbarians and use the law and order that the Dharma Saint had created to rectify the Barbarians. However, he believed that he could handle this matter well.

"Hmph!

The three Celestial Masters, the Immortal Master, and the Dharma Saint are all using me, but I can also use my wisdom to restrain you all, so that I can develop and grow in the cracks, and reach the point where I can truly succeed. None of you will be able to restrain me. "Gu Changjian was thinking about something else.

The Peaceful God laughed coldly. "You're on your own. When working for the three Celestial Masters, you must finish what you started. If you betray them, neither you nor your father will have a good ending. You'll be begging for death." "This disciple understands." Gu Changjian's heart trembled. The Peaceful God's body disappeared.