Chapter 1102
============

Heroes Like Rain Chapter 1097: Heroes Like Rain

The Fourth Gu Huasha's plan was something he had long since planned. He knew that given his current cultivation base, no matter how much he improved, it would be impossible for him to fight against Gu Chensha. This was because Gu Chensha was the one who created the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Art, developed spirit force, broke the law of energy conservation, devouring and cultivating, and created boundless spirits. He brought all lives in the world into a new era. Just based on this influence, Gu Chensha was undoubtedly the number one person.

Hence, if the Fourth Gu Huasha wanted to surpass Gu Chensha, there was only one possibility. That was to do the same thing as Gu Chensha and change the structure of the world. The Fourth Gu Huasha wanted to return the world to its original state. This was his plan. It also suited his status.

He was the Emperor Of Heaven. How could he tolerate the birth of countless heavenly dao experts and the blasphemy of the heavenly dao? Being without heavens or laws was his most ideal state. However, it was very difficult for him to accomplish this alone. Hence, he wanted to get help. The helper he wanted was none other than the will of the new world, Gu Xinjian. RUMBLE!

He kept on traversing through the countless dimensions of the old world. Given his current cultivation base, even if the power of the old world grew stronger and the laws became stricter, he was still like a fish in water.

Not long later, he arrived at a place. This was a large-scale chaotic dimension. In this dimension, countless experts were fighting against each other. Many powerful magic treasures were constantly being born in this dimension, attracting even more powerful characters. He directly arrived at a palace. This palace belonged to Zhang Xuangong. Zhang Xuangong wanted to unify this chaotic dimension.

Naturally, Zhang Xuangong had the new world's will, Gu Xinjian, as his guide. Everything would be smooth sailing for him.

"Who are you?"

When the Fourth Gu Huasha appeared before Zhang Xuangong, Zhang Xuangong abruptly stood up and displayed the elegance of a supreme overlord. "You actually dare to barge into my cultivation ground? You are courting death." Rumble!

With a single punch, Zhang Xuangong dominated the world and sealed the ancient gods as he charged towards the Fourth Gu Huasha.

"Just a chess piece."

The Fourth Gu Huasha looked at Zhang Xuangong in disdain. He suddenly waved his hand and a force immediately sealed Zhang Xuangong.

Within Zhang Xuangong's body, a strong Martial Truth wanted to break out. Unfortunately, it was sealed tightly by the power of The Fourth Gu Huasha.

"Martial Sacred Talisman?

Even if a Martial Saint were to stand in front of me right now, he wouldn't be a match for me, let alone someone like you who has only obtained a Martial Saint's Talisman. "The Fourth Gu Huasha waved his hand." Gu Xinjian, come out. I'm here to talk to you. "

"Hehe …" At that moment, a stream of vital energy appeared within Zhang Xuangong's body. The vital energy quickly condensed into a young man. The young man wore tight-fitting clothes and was handsome and elegant. He was the new world's will, 'Gu Xinjian'.

"So, it's Gu Huasha. Why have you come looking for me?" The new world's will, 'Gu Xinjian', looked at The Fourth Gu Huasha. He did not seem to want to get close to him.

"Gu Xinjian, you are Gu Chensha's son. In terms of seniority, I am your uncle." The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "It seems that you don't respect me at all. How can you be so rude? " "Come on."

The new world's will, 'Gu Xinjian', waved his hand. "Gu Huasha, don't talk nonsense with me. Did you come looking for me today because you want to join forces with me to deal with Gu Chensha?

With your strength, you can't deal with him at all. You can only drag me along. That's not impossible, but it depends on what benefits you can give me. But come to think of it, you can't give me anything. I am the new world's will. What do I not have?

I don't need you to give me anything. Why don't you be my subordinate and help me deal with Gu Chensha? I'll be happy to accept you as my subordinate. " "Hahahaha …" The Fourth Gu Huasha laughed loudly.

"What are you laughing at?" The new world's will, 'Gu Xinjian', looked very unhappy.

"You don't look like you lack anything, but in reality, you lack something more than anyone else."

The Fourth Gu Huasha said, "Because you are not human now. You are not a living creature. What you lack is a heart. You don't have your own heart. A heart is boundless power, but you don't have it. As the new world's will, you don't have your own heart. Isn't that funny?

The source of your power now comes from all the living creatures in the new world, so you are just a parasite.

Now, you have a strong desire to become a human, so you are choosing the protagonist. In fact, you are choosing a substitute. However, in my opinion, although this Xuangong has providence, it is far from enough to fuse with your body and make you a human. However, I will give you a chance now. Cooperate with me. In the process of cooperation, you will obtain true providence. You will not need this puppet to become a human and have your own heart. At that time, your cultivation will be completely stable, and you will become a human. Only when you become a human and have your own heart will you be able to fight against Gu Chensha and escape Gu Chensha's rule. " Only by having one's own heart could one have an invincible foundation.

The heart was equivalent to an eternal power furnace. It was also a perpetual motion machine that could not be successfully created in the old world. Without this, no matter how powerful one was, it would be like a fleeting firework.

Therefore, the new world's will, 'Gu Xinjian', and the old world's will, 'Gu Taxian', wanted to become a human.

"Tell me about your plan."

The new world's will, 'Gu Xinjian', said, "If what you say is interesting, I don't mind joining forces with you."

"The Lawless and Lawless Plan, but let's first refine those four gentlemen. If I have your help, those four gentlemen will be in my bag." As he spoke, The Fourth, Gu Huasha, transmitted his thoughts to the new world's will, 'Gu Xinjian'.

The new world's will, 'Gu Xinjian', instantly understood Gu Chensha's plan and could not help but exclaim in admiration, "Good, there is a chance. You actually want the world to have no Heavenly Dao. Once you succeed, all living beings will lose all space for advancement. Interesting. The key is that during this process, as long as you refine the four gentlemen, you will be able to cause tremendous damage to the Old World's Origins. I can use this damage to absorb the Old World's Origins to temper myself. In the end, I won't need the protagonist to possess a body to become a human and have a heart." "I've specially created this for you."

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, laughed. "During this process, as long as you take action, the four gentlemen will have nowhere to go. As for Gu Chensha, he won't take action. He wants to see who can produce the strongest strength before fighting this person. We can use this to obtain many opportunities. " "Then what are we waiting for?

Take action immediately. "The new world's will, 'Gu Xinjian', seemed to be even more anxious than The Fourth, Gu Huasha.

"There's no rush. We need to first prepare many experts at the Heavenly Dao realm."

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, said, "I originally believed that 108,000 experts at the Heavenly Dao realm would be enough, but from the looks of it, it's far from enough. It's best if it's a protagonist with an extremely strong providence.

For example, this Zhang Xuangong you nurtured, and that Tang Chuan, as well as the Old World's protagonist who has been in the limelight recently. " "I've already seen the Old World's protagonist clearly."

The new world's will, 'Gu Xinjian', seemed to be led by the nose by The Fourth, Gu Huasha, but in fact, he had his own thoughts. It was definitely not as simple as it seemed on the surface. "Although the River of Destiny has collapsed and no one can pry into each other's fates, I naturally have my own means. Look."

The new world's will, 'Gu Xinjian', casually waved his hands, and a disc instantly appeared. The disc was like a mirror, and in the mirror, a few people's shadows and faces appeared.

Every time these people appeared, they had a monstrous providence. They were nearly invincible and could destroy the world. The strength of their providence was much stronger than that of Tang Chuan or Zhang Xuangong. The Old World has created a total of 3,000 protagonists over such a long period of time.

After such a long period of time, they have finally separated the first class. If nothing unexpected happens, the future protagonists will be among these people. "

The new world's will, 'Gu Xinjian', pointed at the people in the mirror and said, "These people are called Zhou Qin, Wang Chao, Hong Yi, Fang Han, Yang Qi, and Jiang Li.

I don't know how many things they have experienced, but they have finally reached the peak. Now, they can ascend to the Undying Realm at any time.

Each of them has devoured at least hundreds of Old World protagonists. I suspect that even the will of the Old World can't control these six people now. " "I didn't notice. These six people have such strong providence."

Although The Fourth, Gu Huasha, was at the Undying Realm and was stronger than these six people, in the mirror, he could see that these six people's providence could practically break through time and return to the Undying Realm. Even without any fortuitous encounters, they could ascend to the Undying Realm.

"That Zhou Yang raised an Old World protagonist candidate called Li Fusheng. Unfortunately, in front of these six people, he's nothing. In fact, these six people have devoured too many protagonist candidates. In fact, they have already broken free from the control of the Old World's will and become independent existences."

The new world's will, 'Gu Xinjian', laughed. "How can the Old World's will control everything? In fact, even Gu Chensha can't control the situation now. That's why these six freaks were born. "

"Very good. If I can include these six people in my Skyless Daoless Formation, then the formation will truly be complete." The Fourth, Gu Huasha's eyes lit up.