Chapter 384
===========

"I need to recover the density of my bloodline first before I can cultivate mana. Luckily, I have shattered all my bloodlines and combined them into my own Life True Blood. Combined with my mental cultivation method, I can purify my bloodline during the process of cultivation. If I hadn't shattered them, for example, the North Star Bloodline would have been extracted by someone else. Gu Chensha would have lost this bloodline forever. He wasn't the North Star Bloodline, so he couldn't produce this bloodline again.

However, after the bloodline was shattered, it would become his own bloodline, the Life True Blood. The density of this bloodline would increase as Gu Chensha's cultivation increased.

For example, after the North Star Bloodline was given to Jing Qiu, it could be replenished through cultivation. It was the same for the Azure Dragon. That was why Zhuge Ya said that he wanted to congratulate Gu Chensha.

"There is no problem with the density of the bloodline. Your Highness's cultivation has reached the level of multitasking. As long as you receive enough nourishment, you can quickly replenish it with the help of the Life's Wish sphere and cultivate mana." Zhuge Ya smiled.

"I can't consume the power of the Life's Wish sphere when I cultivate. That would be too wasteful. The sphere has just been formed and the accumulated power isn't enough."

Gu Chensha said, "Baiyue is killing demons in the depths of the Demon Area. I have to fight alongside her and sacrifice myself to the sphere."

As he spoke, he suddenly flew out of the sphere. After a few flashes, he arrived at the bottomless Sea of Sin in the center of the Sin Province after dozens of breaths. Then, he entered the broken seal. In less than half a day, he arrived near the sacrificial altar that he had set up previously. As expected, Liu Yu and the other four were still fighting together.

Gu Chensha could have used the power of the sphere to tear the space and reach the sacrificial altar. However, that would consume the power that the sphere had accumulated for a few days. It wasn't worth it.

He was extremely fast. He could fly to the seal of the Sea of Sin and enter the Demon Area to find the location of the sacrificial altar. Actually, it wouldn't take much time.

At this moment, Liu Yu and the other four had reached the 19th transformation of Dao Realm, Size Manipulation. They were about to advance to the 20th transformation, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence.

While Gu Chensha was dealing with the Jing Clan outside, Liu Yu's group of five was killing non-stop in the Devil's Domain. Killing demons, killing again, never stopping. When Gu Chensha arrived, he was sitting quietly on the altar, refining what he had obtained. The murderous aura on their bodies was soaring, faintly revealing a blood-soaked sharpness.

The eternal fighting in the Demon Area tempered one's combat power. The most typical examples were the Celestial Dao Realm disciples who were banished there. If they could survive, they would all become terrifying experts.

Of course, Liu Yu's group of five relied on the sacrificial altar to replenish themselves, so they still had an advantage over the exiled Immortal Dao disciples.

In the Demon Area, the altar was like a bright light in the dark sea. It attracted many demons, especially the aura of God's bloodline on Liu Yu and the other four. It was a great tonic for the demons. As the five of them became thicker and thicker, they attracted more and more fiends. That way, they didn't need to waste energy searching for them. They could just kill and refine them. Lou Baiyue left the sacrificial altar and headed deep into the Demon Area to train alone.

"Right, Baiyue also obtained the Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, and North Star bloodlines. She wants to crush them and refine them into her own, which is why she entered the Demon Area to fight. Who knows if she will crush them? If not, we can cultivate again." Gu Chensha waited there.

"Greetings Lord." Liu Yu and the other four looked at Gu Chensha and greeted him.

"There is no need to be so polite. In just a while, all of you will be able to cultivate spiritual power." Gu Chensha looked at the five of them and was delighted. He was the one who watched them improve. One could say that he had groomed them step by step.

After the five of them cultivated spiritual power, they could be compared to the three dukes and eight marquises who were the pillars of the court.

"We must kill the demons and ensure peace for the world."

The five of them said in unison. Who knew how many demons they had killed? Along with their sacrifices, the Ghost God Touch tree had grown by a lot.

The light given off by the sacrificial altar was really intense. It formed a protective barrier to prevent demonic energy from invading. This was the result of too many sacrifices.

Far away from the altar, there were many demon mountains. It seemed like some demons were hiding within and didn't dare to come forward to die. Demons were intelligent and wouldn't do things that were clearly suicidal.

"I wonder if the Skull Ash Demon Emperor is still around?" Gu Chensha missed the Skull Ash Demon Emperor who had schemed against him back then. That Demon Emperor was at the Dao Realm 22 Transformation, Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth.

However, Skeleton Demon Emperor's cultivation was weaker than Jing Fanxing's. Back then, Gu Chensha wasn't his match. But as his cultivation improved, he could kill him in the blink of an eye. As for that Skeleton Demon Emperor, Gu Chensha might not be able to beat him. As a Demon Emperor, his realm was definitely higher than Skeleton Demon Emperor's.

Even if he was one realm higher, at the Dao Realm 23 Transformation, Past Reflection, with Gu Chensha's current cultivation, he probably wouldn't be his match.

This transformation involved the secrets of time. Even Fa Wuxian was stuck at the 22 and wasn't able to comprehend the 23. One could see how difficult it was. Those who could comprehend and break through this level were all giants who dominated the world. Of course, even if one formed a Golden Core, it would be really amazing.

Gu Chensha was thinking about it when suddenly, a long roar spread out from the distance. It tore apart layers of demonic luck and spread over. It was Lou Baiyue. Gu Chensha turned to look at him.

He realized that behind Lou Baiyue, there was a giant demon hand chasing. Its aura was like that of a mountain and demonic flames covered the sky.

"What strong demonic energy!"

When Gu Chensha saw this, he knew that he probably wasn't his match. It definitely exceeded the 22 Transformation Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth. Sou! He flew up and charged over to meet up with Lou Baiyue. Then, he punched in the air. He used Sun and Moon Shine Together.

With his senses, Lou Baiyue instantly met up with him and used the Great God Slaying Technique's God Dusk. Weng … These two peerless martial arts converged together, bursting forth with boundless radiance. They gathered into a rumbling current that clashed with the giant demon hand. The demon hand's momentum was actually blocked and it exclaimed in shock.

At that moment, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue returned to the altar side by side. They looked at the demon hand transform into a teen. After he retracted the demonic energy, he looked like a celestial, like he had merged good and evil.

"Calm Celestial Division's two division heads came to the Demon Region together. As expected, they are going to start a bloodbath?"

The young demon smiled, "I am not a demon. I was once a disciple of Mysterious Celestial Sect and was exiled to the Demon Region. I spent hundreds of years with demons.

I heard that Calm Celestial Division is recruiting celestial disciples and hopes to leave the Demon Region to join us. What do you think? "

"Chensha, don't believe this person." Lou Baiyue laughed coldly, "The moment we met, he told me such things. But I found a reason to expose his ruse. He tried to kill me. " "People from the Demon Region can't be trusted at all."

Gu Chensha nodded his head and communicated with Lou Baiyue mentally, "However, this kid is really amazing. I'm afraid he has seen the past with the 23 changes of the Dao Realm. The Ji State Mysterious Sect is not a small sect. It was created by two ancient emperors, She and Ji, after they stepped down from their positions. After they stepped down, their cultivation was still really strong, at the Saint Realm." "This person was really exiled to the Demon Region by Mysterious Celestial Sect."

Lou Baiyue said, "His Mysterious Celestial Sect Technique is really good. It is righteous and majestic. I used many methods but was suppressed by him."

"If the two of us work together, we might have a chance of capturing him." Gu Chensha said, "This person actually dares to chase you. Even if he runs to the ends of the world, we will kill him." "It has been a long time since we fought and trained together."

Lou Baiyue smiled, "This is a good time to test our combat strength. If we kill this person, both of us will be able to break through."

Lou Baiyue was at the 21 Transformation Dao Realm, Five Element Body Transformation. She was about to try for Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth.

Since she cultivated Soul Power and swallowed the five Connate God Beast Bloodline, she reached the peak of Five Element Body Transformation. She wanted to shatter the bloodline in her body and turn it into her own.

Gu Chensha coincidentally activated Heaven Talisman Emperor's bloodline and shattered the five beasts in his body. Lou Baiyue didn't have such a fortuitous encounter. But Gu Chensha felt that Lou Baiyue definitely had Heaven Talisman Emperor's bloodline in her body.

It didn't mean that Lou Baiyue was Heaven Talisman Emperor's daughter. But when one reached Heaven Talisman Emperor Realm, one's bloodline could be given.

For example, Green Dragon and Gou Chen could give their bloodline to others, much less Heaven Talisman Emperor.

Since Heaven Talisman Emperor taught Lou Baiyue the Great Massacre God Technique, then he definitely gave her bloodline too. Gu Chensha was enlightened. He connected his Golden Core Power with Lou Baiyue's.

Their cultivation started to merge. Gu Chensha's bloodline drilled into Lou Baiyue's and started to swallow Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, and Gou Chen's bloodline.

These bloodlines gathered and after Gu Chensha swallowed them all, his bloodline became stronger. Not only did it replenish everything that Martial Emperor absorbed, but it also improved. But Lou Baiyue's aura became much weaker.

But shortly after, the bloodline power that Gu Chensha swallowed flowed into Lou Baiyue's body and helped her purify her bloodline. As the two of them cultivated, it was another earth-shattering change.

Gu Chensha breathed in and out. He was about to comprehend the power of laws and explode his Golden Core and body. Cultivate Soul Power. But he didn't do that. Instead, he injected as much of his bloodline power to Lou Baiyue. He had to first help Lou Baiyue cultivate Dao Realm 22 Transformations, Astronomical Phenomenon.