Chapter 246
===========

"Young Master, Wu Zhou City is currently in a turbulent state. Many experts have entered the city. We sisters have discovered several demon kings disguised as humans, as well as experts from the Profound Immortal Dao Sect. It seems that news of Wu Qu Xing's reincarnation has already spread." The green and white snakes went forward to report.

Half a month had passed since he defeated Jing Fanxing. Gu Chensha cultivated on the mountain, but no one came to spy on him, much less attack him.

The green and white snakes' cultivation levels gradually increased. They went down the mountain every day to scout for information. They refined the Heaven Demon Art of Concealment. Even people with higher cultivation levels than them would find it difficult to see through them.

"News really spreads fast."

Gu Chensha was still studying the Book of Heavenly Demon. He had been trying to activate his divine art to break the restrictions in the book and open the inner space, but it didn't budge at all.

He also flipped through the records of the Book of Heavenly Demon and found many amazing things about it.

Once the inner space was opened, there would be a Heavenly Demon Kingdom that could take in all the demons in the world. They would pray day and night and absorb the power of prayers to strengthen their Essence Souls.

Every time a demon was absorbed to cultivate and pray, the owner of the book would split his attention.

For example, Gu Chensha was multitasking. If he opened the Book of Heavenly Demon and became its owner, he could take in a hundred thousand demons. Then, he would be able to multitask immediately. His psyche would be so strong that it was boundless. Every additional heart represented the strength of one's mental strength. This book was already comparable to a Divine Kingdom.

Unfortunately, it was difficult to use. Even if he opened it, it would be even more difficult to become the owner of this book.

Gu Chensha carefully pondered it for a long time, but he was still powerless. He also wanted to open this book. If he could use this magic treasure, perhaps he would be able to capture a powerhouse of the eighteen transformations with a slight sweep. The power of this treasure was far above Dragon Gate.

"I have to think of a way to open this treasure. There might be some undiscovered things in Hu Gu Temple.

I have a feeling that Hu Gu God is not dead and is still using us as pawns. "Gu Chensha was still thinking hard. Suddenly, his mind stirred.

Feeling the power of the stars pouring down from the sky, a bright light shot out from Wuzhou City and soared into the sky. The Wuqu Star in the sky actually appeared in broad daylight.

However, all of this happened in a split second. After that, all of the abnormal phenomena disappeared completely, as if everything that had happened earlier was nothing more than a dream.

But Gu Chensha immediately knew: "The person who reincarnated from the Martial Tune Star has appeared."

As soon as Gu Chensha rose to his feet, he was surrounded by a layer of astral energy, and the King Dragon Armor appeared on his body. "You guys wait here," he said. "Be ready to provide support at any time. I'll head to Martial Prefecture City immediately."

These days, he had been continuously refining the King Dragon Armor. At this time, there were stars circulating on the armor, and the shadow of the Demon God Star Monarch could be vaguely seen. The meridians and acupuncture points inside the King Dragon Armor were already very similar to those of a human. The huge power of the stars and Spiritual Qi twisted and combined, circulating according to a mysterious path.

This armor only needed a few precious materials to advance it to the level of the Divine Dragon Armor.

After Gu Chensha put it on and combined it with his own flight technique, his speed would increase by a lot. Swish!

As soon as the starlight disappeared, he had already traversed hundreds of miles and arrived at the ground in Wuzhou City where the light had just shone. When he landed, he found that he was actually in a government residence. This was the back garden of the Wuzhou governor's residence.

At this time, in the back garden, a young man dressed like a manservant was having a private meeting with a young lady from an official's family.

The young manservant and the young lady seemed to have just been intimate. In the artificial mountain in the back garden, no one knew what had happened. The two of them were disheveled and were surrounded by many people.

There were many experts in Wuzhou City. Although the abnormal phenomena just disappeared in an instant, how could they hide from the top experts? By the time Gu Chensha arrived, a few shadows had already landed.

The governor's residence was heavily guarded. Even dao realm experts would find it difficult to sneak in. However, news of the reincarnation of the Martial Song Star had already spread throughout the immortal dao. There were some cultivators who could fly high up in the sky, and the residences of the mortal world couldn't stop them.

However, this was Wuzhou's governor's residence after all. The laws of the Great Yongchō were strict. Even immortal cultivators would die if they killed an official of the imperial court and stirred up trouble there. Many immortal and demonic cultivators were dissatisfied with the rules set by Heavenly Talisman Emperor, but they were all killed. Even the seventy-two mystic gates were fearful, so they surrounded the area and no one made the first move. With a long whistle, Wuzhou's governor appeared.

He was the master of this place. When he saw the abnormal phenomena, he immediately notified the experts and sealed off the area. Gu Chensha knew that the governor was called Sun Zhengxing and wasn't a member of the Wu Clan.

Instead, he was personally appointed by Heavenly Talisman Emperor and had been the governor for fifteen years.

The people of the entire Wuzhou were tough and hard to manage. Especially the Wu Clan, a sage clan. Wuzhou was like their backyard, and the words of some members of the Wu Clan were even more accurate than the imperial court.

Heavenly Talisman Emperor sent this person here to balance the Wu Clan's influence in Wuzhou. From this, it could be seen that this person was no ordinary person.

There were dozens of provinces in Wuzhou, and almost all the officials in each province had people from the Wu Clan. Sun Zhengxing had been handling these relations all these years, stabilizing the entire situation in Wuzhou without any mistakes. Even Gu Chensha couldn't help but admire this person's ability. When Gu Chensha came to Wuzhou, he specially asked for the governor's information.

"This manservant who had an affair with Sun Zhengxing's third daughter is the reincarnation of the Martial Song Star?" Gu Chensha landed and immediately understood what was going on.

This young manservant had delicate features and thin lips. One look and one could tell that he had a glib tongue. As for the governor's daughter, she was so innocent and romantic.

"Everyone, the Wuzhou Governor's residence is not a place you can just barge in. The imperial court has strict laws, and those who barge in will die." The Wuzhou Governor hollered, giving off a thunderous roar. Gu Chensha noticed that this person's cultivation was actually at Dao Realm Transformation Seven!

In the information, Wuzhou Governor Sun Zhengxing's cultivation was at Dao Realm Transformation Three, copper skin and iron bones.

At this moment, he was actually at Transformation Seven. This meant that this person had hidden his strength deeply. Now that the Martial Song Star had reincarnated, he had no choice but to reveal his full strength.

Gu Chensha did not reveal his body. Instead, he activated the Invisibility Talisman within the Sun and Moon Talisman. In addition to the invisibility power of the King Dragon Armor, he also had a secret technique that prevented his mind from being exposed. Even a Great Dao Golden Dan expert would not be able to discover his tracks. He stared at the manservant and was prepared to take him away at any moment.

At the same time, he sized up the people around. He noticed that there were people from the Celestial Path Sect, people from the Monster Race who gave off an evil aura, and even experts from the Barbarian Race. All sorts of cultivators gathered their auras and none of them dared to snatch the manservant. That was because everyone knew that the moment they attacked, they would be struck by lightning.

Gu Chensha saw that Li Tiansheng was among them. Zombie Blood River and Iron Roc King who had joined Gu Tanjian were among them too.

"Sun Zhengxing, you are right. The imperial court has its own rules, so we should hand this manservant over to them." Under everyone's gazes, Gu Tanjian appeared. He had appeared without a sound.

"Greetings, Prince."

Sun Zhengxing just nodded his head. As the governor, he had to bow when he met the king. However, Gu Tanjian was just a prince, so there was no need for him to bow and scrape. Moreover, Gu Tanjian didn't have any official position.

"Everyone, you are so bold to actually dare to cause trouble here? Who gave you the guts to do so? "

Gu Tanjian's gaze swept around and looked at the various experts in the back garden. "I will count to three. Leave immediately. Otherwise, your family will be exterminated and your sect will be annihilated!" "Hahahaha!" A Daoist priest laughed. "Who are you? Do you think you are Gu Taxian? Ghost Axe and Tian Gong, those two old fellows? Even those two old fellows wouldn't dare to speak nonsense. Let me tell you, today, our Celestial Path Sect will take the reincarnation of Martial Song Star. "

"Celestial Path Sect!" Many people present were shocked when they heard the Daoist priest's identity.

Gu Chensha also quietly watched and didn't make a move. It wasn't that he was afraid of the people present, but if he made a move, his astral energy would be unbearable. It wouldn't be good if the reincarnation of Martial Song Star died.

He also knew about the Celestial Path Sect Sect. In the ancient times, a disciple called Chang Yuzhou fought for the position of sect leader and failed. He led his henchmen and left the Celestial Path Sect Sect Leader to create the Celestial Path Sect.

The Celestial Path Sect Sect Leader had fought for an unknown amount of time. In the end, the Celestial Path Sect Leader couldn't do anything to the Celestial Path Sect Leader and could only let it exist.

It was rumored that the current founder of the Celestial Path Sect Chang Yuzhou was already dead, but he occasionally appeared in the world. He was no different from a saint.

"Celestial Path Sect?" Gu Tanjian laughed. "Jing Fanxing, what do you say?"

Jing Fanxing appeared in front of Gu Tanjian and looked coldly at the Daoist priest. "Chang Zihong, if you say another word, I will destroy your body and soul. Do you believe me? Scram!

Everyone here, scram. I don't want any of you here in ten breaths of time. Otherwise, you will all die. " He released the aura of his Great Path Golden Core.

The moment this aura was released, everyone retreated. Dao Realm 18 Transformations Golden Core was said to be undying for 1,000 years. In the Celestial Path, there weren't many people who could reach this level.

Some of the old antiques could suppress Jing Fanxing, but they didn't dare to appear in the Great Yongchō. They were afraid that they would be captured by the Imperial Court and end up like Elder Wang Ji from the Crimson Firmament Sect. That would be a huge loss of face.

When Chang Zihong from the Celestial Path saw Jing Fanxing, his expression changed. He was actually suppressed by his aura and didn't dare to speak.

"All of you scram." Jing Fanxing waved his hand and instantly, earth energy swept out.

"Jing Fanxing, I will also give you ten breaths of time. If you don't scram, I will destroy your body and soul. Do you believe me?" Just at that moment, a cold voice spread out. A teen slowly descended from the sky. When Gu Tanjian saw this person, his expression changed. "Fa Wuxian!"