Chapter 918
===========

Geniuses remember in a second, 'Go if you like? Say → ', providing you with interesting novels to read. Chapter 915 – A New Family

Right now, the most important thing was that the real bodies of the stars in the sky had all descended into the world. The people who had the real bodies of the stars were all experts. Gu Chensha estimated that there were probably thousands or even tens of thousands of experts in the Sky Primal Realm. No matter what era it was, Sky Origin Realm experts were considered to be at the peak.

Even in the current Dragon-Less Cabinet, Gu Chensha himself was the only Sky Origin Realm expert, as well as Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, and Gu Xingjian. Other than them, even the Fourth Gu Huasha hadn't reached this stage.

However, the Fourth Gu Huasha's cultivation was fast approaching the Sky Origin Realm. It was only a matter of time before he stepped into this realm.

However, if thousands of Sky Origin Realm Starlords suddenly appeared among the people, then the situation wouldn't be controlled at all. Even the General would pale in comparison.

That was why, in Gu Chensha's eyes, his Eternity Dynasty's destiny had originally been stable. With the gradual reform, its destiny could still increase, and it wouldn't collapse. However, after the incarnations of the Lord of the Stars descended, countless vile dragon destiny immediately appeared in the nation's destiny. The nation's destiny was instantly shaken, and it was at the end of the road.

"Difficult, difficult, difficult!

If it was just these Starlords descending into the world, then it wouldn't be a big deal. However, with the addition of the Emperor Of Heaven, the Emperor of Earth, and some people like Long Xiangtian, and I have to maintain the stability of the entire court, so that the people won't be shaken and cause a large-scale disaster, this is a huge tribulation and test for me. "Gu Chensha sighed.

If it was just him alone, then even if the whole world was his enemy, he wouldn't have any worries or fear. However, he had to protect the people and stabilize the situation, and that was too difficult. It was easy for one person, but difficult for the people.

However, this was also a part of cultivation. No matter how strong a person was, it was difficult to cultivate to the highest realm. Only by protecting the people and teaching them could one create an immortal civilization. How could the immortality of one person compare to the immortality of the people?

"If my guess is correct, Zhuge Ya and Chang Wuqu will be the first to face a tribulation."

Gu Chensha calculated once more, "However, if they can overcome the tribulation, they will be able to devour the bodies of the stars and obtain a breakthrough, breaking their own fate and obtaining supreme achievements."

Gu Chensha predicted that Zhuge Ya and the others would encounter tribulations, and even Lou Baiyue would encounter tribulations. However, he wasn't prepared to help Zhuge Ya and the others to resolve the tribulations. If they did so, then it, they would be even more powerful tribulations. Zhuge Ya and Lou Baiyue and the rest would not they would be even more.

This was where their fate lay. They had to overcome a large amount of tribulations in order to shatter their fate, crush their fate, and reach that limitless realm, transcending the true control of the Heaven Dao, limitless, and unattainable.

In addition, Gu Chensha also had his own tribulations. It could be said that the final battle hadn't completely descended yet. Many powerful existences were constantly plotting against him. He had to maintain his vigilance and be prepared to fight at any moment. He continued to roam the Four Desolate Lands and the Divine Prefecture, observing the changes.

At this time, the imperial court had already started a complete reform. All the living beings living in the Divine Prefecture and the Four Desolate Lands had to contribute their strength and earn merit in exchange for the right to stay in the Divine Prefecture and the Four Desolate Lands and the capital to continue living.

If they weren't willing to even do this, then Gu Chensha would definitely not be polite and expel those people.

Even for ordinary people, it was very easy for them to earn merit points. They just had to sincerely offer sacrifices every day and contribute their spirit force. In addition, the purer their spirit force was, the more they would be able to refine undying substances. If they held grudges in their hearts, not only would they not be able to obtain merit points, they would also be filled with sin.

With this move, Gu Chensha would be able to gradually bring the hearts of the people of the world back on the right track, bringing order out of chaos. Also, after the hearts of the people stabilized, he would gradually ban all transactions involving bartering. All transactions in the world would be conducted using merit points.

This was just like back then when the Great Yongchō Heavenly Talisman was still in its early years, the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had banned the use of gold and silver for transactions.

Ordinary people would offer sacrifices every day and the spirit force they produced would fuse into the sacrificial pool. After that, the imperial court would refine all sorts of undying substances and fuse them into the world, strengthening the power of the world, causing it to become sturdier and expand at the same time. This way, the cycle of the world could be perfectly maintained and vitality could be maintained. If one contributed to the world, they would naturally have merit points.

Gu Chensha started to establish his own perfect, undying, eternal, everlasting, and even boundless civilization, completely surpassing the immortal dao civilization and prehistoric technological civilization. This was the civilization of the heart, the civilization of all living things. However, if he wanted to implement this policy, he would definitely run into many obstacles. At this time, the era of blood and fire had arrived. A great deal of suppression and slaughter was necessary.

However, Gu Chensha didn't want to slaughter all living things. He felt that even if they didn't submit, as long as they were stripped of their power and turned into ordinary people, they would be able to survive in a lower level world. This situation was similar to the human world and underworld established by the Heavenly Court.

Those who committed crimes in the Heavenly Court would be banished to the mortal realm if the punishment was light, while those who committed serious crimes would be banished to hell to suffer.

Gu Chensha felt that while this was a punishment mechanism, there were still some parts that he could improve on.

Of course, improvements weren't something that could be done in a day. It required constant deliberation and experimentation. Establishing an undying civilization wasn't something that could be done in one go. Moreover, Gu Chensha still hadn't figured out how to establish an undying civilization. In other words, while the civilization he established surpassed the prehistoric technological civilization and the current immortal dao civilization, it was still a bit away from true perfection and undying.

In other words, his Dragonless Cultivation Method was only perfect for himself, not for all living things.

If the Dragonless Cultivation Method contained the true method to establish an undying civilization, then it would truly transcend everything, an achievement that even the Heavenly Talisman Emperor hadn't achieved. Gu Chensha hadn't reached this level yet, so there was still plenty of room for growth.

At this moment, Zhuge Ya was in the center of the Divine Continent, in the Sin Province. He had gathered many of the aristocratic families of the Divine Central Continent to discuss the matter of reform.

Ten years ago, the many aristocratic families of the Divine Central Continent had been nothing more than the legalists, the Lei, the Wu, the Hong, the Fan, the Heng, and so on. But now, with the exception of the Wu Family, these families that had existed for thousands of years had all declined and been replaced by new families. The world was in chaos, and heroes were emerging in large numbers. It could be said that the last decade or so had never been so chaotic in all of history.

Countless experts had risen, and even a minor character could become a god, a saint, or even a celestial lord with a fortuitous encounter!

What was even more ridiculous was that someone like Long Xiangtian was actually a Sky Origin cultivator.

"Everyone."

In the great hall of the Dragonless Cabinet, Zhuge Ya had invited the heads of all the aristocratic families of the Divine Central Continent to a banquet.

He looked at the leader of the group, a young man with slender eyebrows and bright eyes. His every movement was elegant and unworldly, like a pearl emerging from the water, radiating light in all directions.

This person's name was Xu Ziyu. More than ten years ago, he was just an ordinary scholar. He was only seventeen or eighteen years old, but now, although he was over thirty years old, his cultivation had reached the peak of the Heavenly Life Realm. Vaguely, he had condensed a Great Thousand World Seed in his body. In other words, he had hope of reaching the Heaven Origin Realm. This was a miracle among miracles.

Even Zhuge Ya didn't know how this person had managed to reach this level of cultivation, or how he had advanced by leaps and bounds in just a dozen years.

But that was how this person had been born. He had encountered many great fortuitous encounters, great opportunities, and great fortune. He had risen step by step from a commoner until he had established an enormous family, the Xu Family.

Now, at least on the surface, the most powerful family was the Xu Family, led by Xu Ziyu. The once number one school, the legalism, had completely declined with the escape of the Dharma Saint. The Iron Mountain of the Dharma Prefecture had long since collapsed and been refined by the imperial court, completely erasing any traces of the Dharma Saint's existence and the legalism's influence. However, the current Xu Family was much larger than the legalism of the past.

Zhuge Ya looked at the head of the Xu Family, Xu Ziyu. The information in his mind was already running through.

"This Xu Ziyu has encountered countless fortuitous encounters. Now, in the Xu Family, there are three Empyrean level experts, dozens of Saints, and hundreds of Deities. There are also countless other experts below them. All of them were created by this Xu Ziyu. However, this person has always been content with the imperial court's policies, and he has also worked closely with the imperial court. The entire family has contributed the most power of worship, and the imperial court has also supported them. Now that the imperial court wants to carry out a thorough reform, it will depend on the Xu Family's attitude," Zhuge Ya said to himself.

"Everyone, I have just passed on the imperial court's policies to everyone. What do you all think? Should we use merit to replace everything from now on? "Zhuge Ya asked.

"I agree with this."

Xu Ziyu was the first to express his agreement. "This is beneficial to the world, to the world, to the hearts of the people, and to the country. This is something that has never happened before since ancient times. Starting from this policy, the world has entered a brand new civilization. It is no longer a celestial civilization. Pavilion Master Gu Chensha is a great pioneer who carries on the past and opens up a new era.

"I will falsely respond to the imperial court's call and be the first to respond. I am willing to contribute the power of worship and many treasures that my family has accumulated to strengthen the world of the Divine Region and the Four Desolates in exchange for merit.

"Brother Duan, what do you think?" He said to a middle-aged man beside him. This middle-aged man was from the second-ranked family, and his name was Duan Xiaoxian.

This person was also an expert who had suddenly risen to prominence. Within ten years, he had established his family, and the Duan Family became a family that was even stronger than the legalism. It was also a hegemonic existence that was second only to the Xu Family.