Chapter 80
==========

The five swords gave off the sound of butterflies breaking out of their cocoons.

The swords gave off a black aura that was extremely filthy. The impurities that had been accumulated over the years had been washed out, making them as pure as glass. They automatically flew up and landed in the hands of Liu Yu and the others.

Liu Yu and the others held onto them and felt as though the five swords were alive. They sucked in mouthfuls of Spiritual Energy from the void and sent it into their bodies. A mysterious sword intent and even more profound sword techniques were transmitted from the swords into their minds.

"Amazing!"

Gu Chensha clapped his hands. "These five swords can actually absorb Spiritual Energy automatically, and the amount they take in far exceeds the first change of Dao Realm. This is a miracle. Even the Spell Breaking Celestial Sword doesn't have such an ability."

"Prince, we feel that the swords are continuously absorbing Spiritual Energy and sending it into our bodies to temper our bodies." Liu Yu and the others expressed their feelings.

"Master, this is probably left behind by the ancient God of Five Seasons."

Yi Ming returned after settling the three incense sticks and saw the situation. "Spring, Summer, Flame, Autumn, and Winter, these five seasons were controlled by the ancient God. They assisted the Son of Heaven and controlled the operation of the Heavenly Dao, allowing living beings to reproduce.

I think Liu Yu and the others have the bloodline of the ancient God of Five Seasons in their bodies. " "Let me take a look at the swords?" Gu Chensha was deep in thought.

Liu Yu passed the sword to him. When he picked it up, the swords actually stopped absorbing Spiritual Energy and ignored him. From this, it could be seen that the swords had already recognized their master.

"These five swords have been dripped with so much Heavenly Dew by master. The impurities have been washed away and their spirituality has been stimulated. In the future, even if the five of them don't break through to Dao Realm, the swords will constantly send Spiritual Energy into their bodies."

Yi Ming was a little envious. "The bloodline of the God of Five Seasons in your bodies might be stimulated. When that time comes, you will probably surpass many geniuses." "Really?"

Liu Yu and the others looked at one another in delight. They also felt that the energy in their bodies was surging, and they had a connection with the swords. Their strength had at least doubled, and they felt that as their interaction with the swords deepened, it wouldn't be too difficult for them to step into Dao Realm.

If they consumed the Heavenly Dew directly, there would be a limit and they wouldn't be able to improve. The medicinal effects of the Heavenly Dew would accumulate in their bodies and might slowly leak out. However, the five swords seemed to have no limit and could absorb more Heavenly Dew.

The sword in his hand could automatically absorb spiritual energy and even feed it back into its owner's body. No one would believe such a thing.

The Magic Breaker Immortal Sword required a constant supply of Spiritual Qi. It could not be absorbed by itself. If the Spiritual Qi was depleted, it would fall into a deep slumber.

"Master, the five swords have already activated their spirituality, so there's no need to drip any more heavenly dew on them."

Yi Ming said, "The swords will become stronger and stronger by absorbing spiritual energy. Although dripping the heavenly dew will make them stronger, we can't waste it. We are going to conquer the Wilderness, and the Heavenly Dew will be very useful in the future. " "That's true."

Gu Chensha took out a lot of battle information and maps from his bag. "Yiming, you're familiar with the situation in the Wilderness. Tell me more about it."

He had to ask Yi Ming about the route his army would take, the barbarian tribes they would pass by, and what kind of experts they had. He had to check with Yi Ming to see if the information was correct. After all, Yi Ming was a high-ranking member of the barbarian race. He knew countless secrets.

"Master, this is no small matter. The tribes you will pass by have at least tens of thousands to hundreds of thousands, and at most millions. Also, the temple you will occupy is called the Demonic Ape Temple. The main god there is the Chaotic Demonic Ape. The surrounding tribes all worship this god, which is the Barbarian Ape." Yi Ming pointed at the map in detail.

"What kind of experts are there? Who is the strongest?"

Gu Chensha asked. He also knew that the barbarians lived in the Wilderness. There were thousands of tribes, and they worshiped different gods. Some worshiped the Wolf God, some worshiped the Serpent God, and some worshiped the Ape God … However, these evil gods had a common God King, and that was the Maha God.

"This Demonic Ape Temple is very big, and has existed for about five thousand years. It has been worshiped by the surrounding tribes for generations, and there are many experts here. The messenger who presides over this temple is called 'Yuan Shasheng'. He is not a barbarian, but someone from within the Great Wall. Sixty years ago, he defected to the barbarians and worshiped the Chaotic Demonic Ape God. He was favored by the barbarians and became the Archbishop of the temple." Yi Ming said, "This person is very strong, perhaps even stronger than me.

I only know that he has some tricks up his sleeve. He used the Ape God's oracle to contact the surrounding tribes and support the Barbarian King. In the past few decades, the surrounding tribes have become very prosperous, and there are many experts. Not only that, he has also recruited experts who oppose the imperial court, as well as demons and demons.

They are all gathered in the temple, and their strength is difficult to measure. Master, remember to be careful. " "There is also information about Yuan Shasheng here."

Gu Chensha looked through the information Lou Baiyue had given him. "This person is indeed a fierce and ambitious person. He has the ambition to unite all the tribes in the land of the Berserkers. He is not a native of the land of the Berserkers, and he has great foresight. If I want to fight against him and occupy his temple, I'm afraid it'll be nearly impossible." "According to logic, it is indeed impossible."

Yi Ming was also not optimistic, "Not to mention Yuan Shasheng's own martial arts, there are also many experts he has recruited. In the Demonic Ape Temple, there are barbarian experts who have been accumulated in the past, various priests and high priests.

In addition, each tribe is led by a barbarian marshal. There is an alliance between the tribes, and the leader is the Barbarian King.

That Barbarian King is called Lu Ke, and although his strength is not as strong as Carlo, he is probably on par with me, or even stronger than me. In addition, the tribes that believe in the Chaotic Demonic Ape have a powerful method, and that is to raise Demonic Apes of Great Strength. " "I knew this long ago."

Gu Chensha had read before that the strong point of the barbarian race was that they could raise beasts to fight. Demonic Apes were the strongest, and the Demonic Apes they raised were born with immense strength. They could even split elephants, and they were good at martial arts and knew how to cultivate.

The nobles of the barbarian race often raised them to hunt, kill, and build houses. One Demonic Ape was worth hundreds of workers. In ancient history, the most powerful and intelligent demons were apes and monkeys.

Demonic Apes that were raised to cultivate from a young age were extremely terrifying when they grew up. Not to mention martial arts grandmasters, even Dao Realm Transformation One and Two would have to avoid them.

"In the temple that Yuan Shasheng is in charge of, the strongest isn't him, but the God Beast of the temple. It is probably a Demonic Ape Monster." Yi Ming's tone was solemn once more.

"So, if I go, I will be sending myself to death?"

Gu Chen said in a hoarse voice, "Imperial Father really wants to squeeze out all of our potential and accomplish the impossible. Fortunately, we can take our time to plan this matter and plan it out slowly." "Master, should we contact Baoyu Country's Seventh Princess? She will be of great help. "Yi Ming asked.

"No need, let's just do our own thing."

Gu Chensha said, "She will naturally contact me. These days, I have been thinking about giving everyone under me the Tiger Wolf Pill to increase their strength. Later, you will go with me. " "Yes."

Immediately, Gu Chensha and Yi Ming came out of seclusion incognito. Outside the pass was the wilderness, and there were countless tigers and wolves. Yi Ming also knew how to fly, so within a few hours, he had gone a thousand miles into the dense forest. In just one day and one night, he had obtained more than three hundred Tiger Wolf Pills.

Then, he returned and fed the Tiger Wolf Pills to the rest of his subordinates. Instantly, all 243 of them became Tiger Wolf Masters. At the very least, their strength was comparable to that of a Transcendent martial arts master at the third level of the Mortal realm.

In terms of overall quality, this group of people had already surpassed Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha's soldiers.

One had to know that a Transcendent Realm Level Three Martial Master could be a normal general in the army and lead a few thousand people.

Five days later, when the bunch of them were training in the hall, Long Yuyun and Seventh Princess Yu Hanlu asked to see them.

"What will come will come. Invite them in." Gu Chensha waited for the two of them in the hall.

Long Yuyun and Frost Jade stepped into the hall, and were immediately greeted by the sight of 243 young men wielding massive sabers in their hands. White tigers could be vaguely seen on the cloud patterns on the sabers, and as they swung the sabers through the air, a baleful aura permeated the air, intimidating everyone's hearts. The blades of the sabers shone brightly, and it was as if one would bleed just from looking at them.

"White Tiger Metal Essence Blade."

Yu Hanlu's expression was solemn. This blade was sharp and filled with vengeful energy but it was really heavy. Normal warriors would run out of energy after waving it for a while. Now, these teens were waving it freely like they were waving a wooden stick. This showed how strong they were. Such warriors wouldn't have reached such a realm without 20 years of hard work and herbs.

The teens were training in the Giant Spirit Blade Technique. Each move was filled with killing intent and it was obvious that they had been taught by an expert.

Yi Ming was indeed an expert. Even the Prince didn't have someone like him, who was at the seventh transformation of Dao Realm, to personally teach them.

"Amazing. In just a few months, you have trained such tigers and wolves."

Long Yuyun clicked her tongue in admiration. "I heard that you received the imperial edict to be in charge of recruiting Baoyu Nation, so I followed you here. I've refurbished your mansion, and under my guidance, that steward's little godson has almost reached the Master Realm." "Thank you." Gu Chensha cupped his fists, "I knew that you were coming. Let's talk in the room."

After passing the hall, there was a courtyard. Behind the wall was a room that was really quiet. Gu Chensha sat down and San Xiang sent tea over.

"Eh?"

Yu Hanlu's eyes were filled with shock. She could tell that the three maids weren't simple. Even the few people under her who reached the first transformation of Dao Realm might not be their match.

But she was a scheming person and didn't show anything, "Are you prepared to head out to the barbarian race? Just these soldiers alone won't be enough. " "I am prepared, but I need the two of you to help."

Gu Chensha nodded and didn't hide anything. "During this expedition, the territories we conquer will become my fiefdom. I have full control over everything in my fiefdom. If the two of you want a share of the spoils, this is the best opportunity."

"Based on what I know, your attack route is filled with obstacles and there is a risk of death. The barbarian race is really strong and it isn't what you see on the surface." Yu Hanlu seemed to have grasped many things.

"Behind me is the Imperial Dynasty and also Heaven Talisman Emperor."

Gu Chensha cupped his fists, "If all the evil gods and monster gods are killed, will the barbarian race still have the determination to fight?"