Chapter 952
===========

Devour in One Mouthful Chapter 949 Devour in One Mouthful

Gu Chensha was going to go to war and test the strength of the Human Realm and the Emperor Of Heaven.

As for the black-and-white youth before him, Gu Daoxian, he was not a great enemy. He was just trouble. Trouble could be dealt with, but it was hard to say who would win against a great enemy. Gu Daoxian was a small trouble, but the Emperor Of Heaven was a great trouble.

In the future, the terrifying thing created by Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Dao would be the true great enemy.

However, trouble had to be dealt with. If he did not deal with the small trouble and the great trouble, when that terrifying thing appeared in the future, Gu Chensha would be forced into a passive position. It was not impossible that he would be defeated and killed in the end.

He activated his Dragonless Heart Sutra, gathering all of his power. In an instant, all living beings in the Human Realm could feel the Dragonless Heart Sutra seeping into the depths of their hearts, planting a seed. These seeds would sprout sooner or later.

"You actually dare to not take me seriously."

The black-and-white youth, Gu Daoxian, was furious. He saw that in the instant that Gu Chensha attacked, most of his power was used to suppress the Human Realm. Only a small part of his power surged towards him. He knew that Gu Chensha was looking down on him, and he could not suppress his killing intent. Kill!

The black-and-white youth, Gu Daoxian, did not even think. Eternal Realm and the Celestial Court rose behind him again. "Gu Chensha, I will do what I say. I can create you and the Emperor Of Heaven. You are all just my playthings." Whoosh! Two streaks of light shot towards Gu Chensha like shooting stars.

Gu Chensha didn't even look at it. He flicked his finger, and suddenly, a portion of the Dragonless Heart Sutra's Winding River split off, wrapping around the Eternal Realm and the embryonic form of the Heavenly Court created by the black-and-white young man Gu Dao-Immortal. The flames of civilization rose up from within and began to melt.

"Come back."

The black-and-white youth, Gu Daoxian, had not expected that Gu Chensha would be so powerful. He immediately wanted to take back the Eternal Realm and Celestial Court he had created, because they were transformed from his source. He had thought that they could suppress Gu Chensha, but he had not expected that Gu Chensha would be able to do it so easily.

"You want to take it back so badly? Don't you think you're a little naive? "

Gu Chensha grabbed again, and the embryonic forms of Eternal World and Heavenly Court were already in his hands. Crackling sounds could be heard as they returned to their original form. This was the mutated original form, and it was about the size of Long Xiang Tian.

"Not bad, not bad. You can afford it. You have a hundred times more mutant origin energy than Long Xiang Tian. Losing one percent of it is not a big deal to you."

With a wave of his hand, Gu Chensha absorbed the mutated source that was equivalent to Long Xiang Tian into his body. In this exchange, Gu Chensha had swallowed Long Xiang Tian.

"B * stard!"

In the first exchange, the black-and-white youth, Gu Daoxian, had actually lost one percent of his original form, which made him even more furious. However, at this moment, he could tell that no matter how powerful he was, he was no match for Gu Chensha. He had thought that Gu Chensha would not use the power of Eternal World, and would only be able to suppress his real body. However, from the looks of it, Gu Chensha's real body was much more powerful than his. If they were to continue fighting, it was very likely that he would be completely suppressed by Gu Chensha. Swoosh! Not caring about losing face, the black-and-white youth, Gu Daoxian, flew up and fled outside.

"Running away? Do you think you can escape? "

Gu Chensha could not be bothered to get entangled with the black-and-white youth, Gu Daoxian. All of a sudden, he retracted his Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique, and the vast River of Civilization in the sky retracted, turning into a huge mouth that swallowed the black-and-white youth, Gu Daoxian.

The interior of this huge mouth seemed to be in chaos. Countless thunderbolts, earth, water, fire, and wind circulated, controlling creation, and the birth and death of millions and millions of worlds in an instant.

Seeing this huge mouth coming to swallow him, the black-and-white youth, Gu Daoxian, felt as if he had experienced billions and billions of civilizations in that instant. Even his consciousness was lost in the reincarnation of those civilizations.

"Why, why!?"

The black-and-white youth, Gu Daoxian, roared out, "Why is this b * stard so powerful? To think that I can't even take a single attack from him, and this is even under the situation where he hasn't used Eternal World. His real body is even stronger than mine. Doesn't that mean that his cultivation might even be close to the Heavenly Dao in the future?"

Faced with the huge mouth that Gu Chensha had turned into, the black-and-white youth, Gu Daoxian, was simply unable to retaliate at all. All of his counterattacks were futile. Gu Chensha would not give him any chance, and would swallow him up in one gulp. Rumble!

Just as the black-and-white youth, Gu Daoxian, was about to be devoured, the entire Human Realm suddenly trembled violently. From the core point, the Human Realm's power started to explode, and seething Qi of the mortal world spread out in all directions, polluting all living things, causing their cultivation to become difficult and degenerate. The seven emotions and six desires, the boundless mortal world, filled the entire Human Realm.

"Hmm?"

Sensing the changes in the Human Realm, Gu Chensha nodded. "The Heavenly Court has finally made up its mind and opened up the final perfection of the Human Realm. After the complete version of the Human Realm is successfully changed, it will be filled with the power of the mortal world. The seven emotions and six desires will be mixed within the Spiritual Qi, making cultivation extremely difficult. It can also pollute people who have cultivated magic power. Anyone who has reached the Twenty Changes of the Dao Realm, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence, and has completely cultivated their bodies into magic power, if they remain in the Human Realm, their magic power will be polluted by the seven emotions and six desires of the mortal world. In the worst case scenario, they will fall into reincarnation, never to be reincarnated, and even their souls won't be preserved.

"These cultivators who have cultivated magic power, whether they are gods, saints, or even celestial venerables, celestial life and celestial essence, all have to return to the Celestial Realm or the God Realm. Otherwise, as time passes, they will be contaminated, and it will be extremely troublesome." Whoosh whoosh whoosh whoosh … The power of the mortal world swept out, filling up the Human Realm.

In an instant, Gu Chensha saw that many spaces seemed to have opened up in the sky. Many cultivators who had reached the Twenty Changes of the Dao Realm, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence, were directly sucked into the Celestial Realm. In other words, these people had 'ascended'. Gu Chensha could see with his naked eye that the Celestial Realm was expanding rapidly.

The current Master of the Celestial Realm was Jiang Chuan. He was originally a member of the Dragonless Cabinet. Normally, he didn't show his talents and was just a young talent. However, at the most crucial moment, he actually betrayed the Dragonless Cabinet and the Imperial Court to become the Master of the Celestial Realm.

Now that he had activated the Celestial Realm, it was sucking in all the cultivators in the Human Realm. In an instant, countless cultivators who had cultivated magic power were sucked into the Celestial Realm. Immediately, the Celestial Realm began to expand, supporting the Human Realm and establishing a perfect order.

And at this time, the Mighty Miracle God also opened up the Divine World, sucking many Deity realm experts into it. Moreover, within the Divine World, many True God positions were instantly created. These True God positions were used as a lure, causing many Deity realm experts to settle down and work for the Heavenly Court wholeheartedly.

At this moment, demons returned to the demon dao, devils to the demon dao, gods to the god dao, immortals to the immortal dao, and humans to the human dao. Ghosts entered the Underworld and reincarnated. The entire Human Realm expanded once again and was almost indestructible.

Under the urging of some kind of power, the enormous power of the Human Realm once again condensed into an extremely bright light that entered the giant mouth formed by Gu Chensha and then exploded! Rumble!

The giant mouth formed by the Dragonless Heart Sutra that Gu Chensha had activated was instantly shattered by the power of the Human Realm. Moreover, his body was being rejected by the Human Realm, as if he would be squeezed out of the Human Realm at any moment.

"Wonderful."

Faced with what was happening, Gu Chensha couldn't help but nod. He didn't panic in the slightest, as if everything was within his calculations.

This was the Heavenly Court's strongest counterattack. If the Heavenly Court still didn't retaliate, he would devour the black-and-white youth Gu Daoxian and then spread the Dragonless Heart Sutra in the Human Realm. No matter how powerful the Emperor Of Heaven was, he wouldn't be able to turn the tables.

Therefore, everyone in the Heavenly Court, the nine Heavenly Kings, the Master of the Sun and Moon, the stars in the sky, the 129,600 Celestial Lords, the Master of the Five Realms, and all sorts of people who had defected to them, gathered together to carry out the great sacrifice. During the sacrifice, the Human Realm quickly stabilized, order was established, and everyone returned to their Dao. As long as the Human Realm stabilized, the power of the Human Realm would increase greatly, and the Emperor Of Heaven would be able to unleash his full power.

"The Human Realm is indeed worthy of being called the Human Realm. For the time being, it's still the leader of all the worlds. Its fortune is so rich that even my Eternal World can't compare to it. From the fact that so many mutated essences fell into the Human Realm instead of my Eternal World, it can be seen that the Human Realm has the ability to attract those mutated essences."

In that instant, many thoughts flashed through Gu Chensha's mind. "It seems that the fortune of the Human Realm will continue until that terrifying thing is born. That terrifying thing will eventually fall into the Human Realm and be born." "Expulsion of the Human Realm!"

At this time, high up in the sky, a great formation seemed to have appeared. This great formation was constantly operating. Zhang Ziran lived in it and used the power of the entire Mortal Realm to completely expel Gu Dusha from the Mortal Realm. He also wanted to prevent Gu Dusha from ever coming to the Mortal Realm again.

"Gu Chensha, the Human Realm doesn't belong to you.

You'd better get out of here. Matters of the Human Realm belong to the living beings of the Human Realm. The living beings of the Human Realm have their own order. If you interfere, you will be expelled by the Human Realm. "Zhang Ziran looked at Gu Chensha.

"In that case, I'll consume the Human Realm." Gu Chensha once again unleashed the Dragonless Heart Magic, and the huge mouth once again formed.

The Dragonless Heart Magic transformed into a huge mouth that swallowed up Heaven and Earth, swallowed up the cosmos, swallowed up the void, and swallowed up time and space.

This time, Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Magic transformed into a huge mouth that was even more ferocious and huge. It actually wanted to devour the Human Realm, the experts of the Heavenly Court, and even the black-and-white youth, Gu Daoxian.

Also, the Heavenly Court and the Emperor Of Heaven that seemed to have been created at the highest point in the Human Realm were also going to be devoured. Gu Chensha's move was to use brute force to break through technique. No matter how many plans it has, I'll just devour them all. I want to see what tricks the Emperor Of Heaven can play this time.

Previously, Gu Chensha hadn't been able to see through the Emperor Of Heaven's true strength. Now, he was going to unleash all of his power so that the Emperor Of Heaven would have to face him head-on. If the Emperor Of Heaven didn't use his full strength this time, he would be devoured until he was all alone.