Chapter 658
===========

This gamble started with Chang Weiyang and Dou Yiyu had no choice but to accept it.

From this, one could see Chang Weiyang's thoughts and boldness. Actually, the current situation was complicated and chaotic. Everyone should conserve their strength and plan. If they didn't need to attack, then they shouldn't. In case they were injured in battle and others could take advantage of them. But now, Chang Weiyang resolutely challenged him. This was unprecedented courage. Gu Chensha couldn't help but admire her decisiveness. It wasn't a fluke that she was able to comprehend the Divergent. Gu Chensha couldn't stop such a thing. He could only wait and see.

The two of them chose to fight in the Lost Land. It was deep in the chaotic space and was the most mysterious place. It was perfect for the two of them to go all out.

"The gamble has been decided. Let's work together in three days." Dou Yiyu seemed like he was going to prepare something. His body moved and he disappeared.

Gu Chensha heaved a sigh of relief. The battle of wits and courage with this woman was huge but it also caused his soul to grow rapidly. It seemed like it was just a matter of time before he broke through to the 27th Dao Realm.

The threshold of the 27th Dao Realm was to gather spiritual power and tear open space. Gu Chensha always felt like he was lacking that crucial bit of comprehension.

"Unfortunately, I wasn't able to comprehend the true secrets of the Hongmeng Tree from Dou Yiyu. With my current cultivation, I can't find the Hongmeng Tree, much less enter it to observe. Unless I cultivate to the God Realm and use the power of a medium-sized world, then I can pick some Natural Spirit Treasures from the Hongmeng Tree."

Gu Chensha thought about it and the Heaven Path Technique changed. In an instant, the courtyard was restored to its original state.

The courtyard was originally made of green jade and was filled with celestial energy. Now, it was covered in withered grass and the entire place was in ruins. Gu Chensha restored the courtyard to its original state. His body moved and he left this place. He flew into the sky and looked at the Divine Land.

The Lord of the Sun and Moon had appeared. The situation in the Divine Land had changed again. Many powerful forces were looking for the Lord of the Sun and Moon. Gu Chensha was also eager to know who the Lord of the Sun and Moon was.

"Now, in this world, many people have had fortuitous encounters, but only I haven't. That's a little strange.

Logically speaking, I have cultivated the Heavenly dao technique. Thus, I am a part of the Heavenly dao. With just a slight push, fortuitous encounters will come rolling in. I will be able to obtain more fortuitous encounters than any other cultivator. Gu Chensha quickly considered the matter.

Grand Preceptor Wen Hong obtained the Endless Cauldron, which could be said to be the strongest fortuitous encounter at the moment. Even Gu Chensha's subordinate Yuhuan Lu also obtained the Heavenly Dragon Zither. Although she was captured by Wan Senshi, the zither had already merged with her. For the time being, Wan Senshi could not kill her.

"I wonder what my fortuitous encounter was? Let me see the future. "

Gu Chensha hadn't had any great fortuitous encounters yet. He just sat cross-legged in the clouds, hiding and observing the changes. Countless pieces of information were being calculated in his sea of consciousness. In an instant, thousands of future paths were laid out in front of him. Even the slightest change in him now could cause the future to shift.

After calculating for a day and a night, Gu Chensha suddenly opened his eyes. All kinds of complicated emotions were killed and eliminated. His heart was almost like a clear void.

"It seems fate and destiny are not easy to control. Although I can peer into the future, I can only see a small part of it. If I truly want to change the course of the universe and forge my own bright future from a future that never existed, then I'll have to reach the Thirty-Four Transformations and control destiny." Gu Chensha was well aware of his own flaws.

Once he formed the Truth Saint Heart, he would be a Saint. He would have his own truth and Saint Dao. At that time, he would be able to turn into the Saint Dao and suppress everything.

After reaching the 34th transformation, Controlling Destiny, the Saint could observe his own destiny and control it completely. When his destiny was low, he could use all sorts of transformations to increase it, making it even more exuberant than before.

The ability to see and grasp fate was far from what normal God Realm experts could compare to. It could even change his own fate. The so-called fate energy was very mysterious and mysterious. Only sages could control it.

"I have refined this Buddhist Sect treasure, the Release Bow and Constant and Impermanence Arrows."

Gu Chensha thought to himself, "Next, I will head to the Human Dragon Guild to take a look. The Human Dragon Guild is getting stronger and stronger in Sin Province and they are the frontline against the demon. The second demon disaster might erupt at any moment." Gu Chensha had a clone in the Human Dragon Guild called Fang Lin.

He was the right-hand man of President Qin Han and slowly grasped the power of the Human Dragon Guild.

That was because President Qin Han spent most of his time cultivating. Recently, he had a fortuitous encounter, and his cultivation base was rising steadily. He had comprehended many of the divine techniques of the Buddhist Sect. Now, 80 to 90 percent of the operations of the Human Dragon Union were in the hands of Gu Chensha. Honglong! There was a slight sound.

Just as Gu Chensha's "Fang Lin" clone was handling many documents, the power of his real body descended.

After refining the Release Bow and Constant and Impermanence Arrows, Gu Chensha's understanding of the Buddhist Sect had reached a realm of complete insight. He decided to take good control of the Human Dragon Guild. He wanted to use the power of the Buddhist Sect to fend off the demon disaster without letting the teachings of the Buddhist Sect spread and affect the ideals of the imperial court.

Moreover, he sensed that some powerful existences were gradually infiltrating the Human Dragon Guild. They wanted to take control and obtain the secrets of the Buddhist Sect. His clone could not suppress them, so he had to descend with his real body to suppress them one by one.

Moreover, Gu Chensha discovered that the Heavenly Demon Race might have also changed and infiltrated the Human Dragon Guild.

The Heavenly Demon Race's transformation was extremely exquisite, especially when they transformed into disciples of the Buddhist Sect. They could pass off the fake as the real. As the saying went, Buddha and demon were one. They could become demons and Buddha with a thought.

With the help of the Buddhist Sect, the Human Dragon Guild had become the frontline against the demons. If they were infiltrated by the Heavenly Demon Race, they would probably collapse in the future.

As for the duel between Chang Weiyang and Dou Yiyu, Gu Chensha did not want to interfere. If he watched from the sidelines, it might affect the outcome. He did not want Dou Yiyu to think that he was suppressing Chang Weiyang.

The battle between the two was purely a battle. Both wanted to borrow the other's strength to break through to the Celestial Lord realm. In a battle of life and death, they would push their potential to the maximum.

The Fang Lin that Gu Chensha had transformed into was now in the depths of a huge Buddhist hall in Sin State City.

Sin State City had now completely transformed into a Buddhist city. Since the eve of the demon disaster, all the residents and soldiers had been evacuated. Now, those left in the city were either members of the Human Dragon Guild, or those demons who had transformed into guardian vajras, or other adventurers and hot-blooded heroes who fought against the demons. Apart from them, there were also disciples of the Calming Deities Department assisting them.

The Calming Deities Department was now the hope of the world. It was impossible to let the Human Dragon Guild support the overall situation alone. Suppressing the situation here would also allow them to gain the world's prestige.

"Deputy guild leader, this is our recent financial report." At this moment, a woman walked into the hall. She held a thick stack of documents in her hands.

This woman's face was cold and she was beautiful. Her name was Qing Shuiying. She was one of the backbones of the Human Dragon Guild and had control over the finances. Her cultivation was extremely strong, and she had a Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body. Her background was also clear. She was the young mistress of a second-rate family, the Qing Family.

Qing Shuiying had been recruited by the Fang Lin that Gu Chensha had transformed into. She had another identity, which was that she was a disciple of the Calming Deities Department. However, she did not know that Fang Lin's incarnation was Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha naturally would not point this out.

He had intentionally filled the Human Dragon Guild with many disciples of the Calming Deities Department. That way, he would be able to slowly control the guild from the bottom to the top. At the same time, he would be able to grasp the power of the Buddhist Sect. Who knows, he might even be able to plot for the Paramita Mountain.

Gu Chensha took the financial report and casually flipped through it. He grasped most of the data in his heart. He looked at Qing Shuiying and said, "Now, the Human Dragon Guild only has a few large sources of income. The first is from the planting of these Protector Warriors, the second is from business, and the third is to kill demons in exchange for rewards from the Dynasty. These three sources are just too small. What other ways do we have to increase our income? For the Human Dragon Guild to become big, we need to have huge wealth. " "Deputy guild leader."

Qing Shuiying said, "The Human Dragon Guild is at the frontlines of Sin Province and is at the edge of the Demon Calamity. If we want to run it ourselves, it will be tough. Unless we use strength to crush the Demon Race Army, using war to raise war and obtain huge benefits from the Demon Race." "Defeating the Demon Race is easier said than done."

Gu Chensha said, "The whole world can't do anything about it. Moreover, we are able to guard here now because of the guild leader's Buddha statue. It can unleash the power of a God-level master and directly enlighten a large number of Demon Race Army. Otherwise, I'm afraid we would have been defeated a long time ago." "The guild leader hasn't appeared for a long time."

Qing Shuiying said doubtfully, "If he is not here and the Demon Race attacks, I'm afraid it will be difficult for us to resist." "I don't know about this." Gu Chensha shook his head.

At this moment, suddenly, a few beams of golden light descended and a few people appeared in the main hall.

The person in the lead was wearing a golden-red kasaya. This kasaya seemed to be embroidered with countless scriptures and images of Buddhas. It was a supreme treasure, even more precious than the Primordial Rare Treasure. This person in the golden-red kasaya was the guild leader of the Human Dragon Guild, Qin Han.

There were three people beside him. They were actually three bald monks wearing kasayas. Of the three bald monks, one was an old monk, and the other two were young monks. They all looked dignified and dignified, and their bodies gave off immense Buddhist energy.

"Lord guild leader."

Gu Chensha's eyes were cold, but he did not show it. Instead, he bowed to Qin Han and said, "You actually came back?" What was his cultivation now?