Chapter 236
===========

"Young Master, now that we have the Heaven Monster Book, many powers know about it. It is really dangerous for you to follow us. There is another way, which is for you to head back first. If we are fine, you can head to Shouyang Mountain to find us and we will teach you cultivation techniques." The white snake said.

"Since the two of you are in trouble, then I have to help."

Gu Chensha shook his head, "I also want to learn some celestial techniques, maybe I can help the two of you." "What did you say?"

Little Qing laughed coldly, "How can celestial techniques be so easy? Do you know how long we have cultivated for? Without pills, experts to guide us, and decades of hard work, it is just wishful thinking. "

"Okay, Little Qing, since this young master isn't afraid of danger, then forget it." The white snake sighed.

"But sister, we still have to protect this burden." Little Qing scoffed.

"I have my own plans."

White Snake stroked the Skyfey Book in her hand. "Let's leave this place immediately and change to another place to comprehend the mysteries of this book. If we can comprehend even a tiny bit of it, our strength will greatly increase. We will have a better chance in this turbulent time."

"But Young Master told us to wait for his orders in Hugu God Temple. If we leave, we will be suspected of not listening to orders." Little Qing hesitated.

"Jiang Xue He has already betrayed Young Master and joined the Imperial Dynasty's Prince Gu Tanjian."

The white snake frowned, "We have to report this to Young Master, but the most important thing is that the Heaven Monster Book can't fall into the hands of others." "Then, where are we going? Are we going to wear it? "Little Qing asked.

"I have my own plans."

The white snake waved her hands and suddenly energy wrapped around Gu Chensha. The three of them flew up and left Hugu God Temple. The white snake flew low in the air and flashed in the forest.

Gu Chensha knew that flying consumed a lot of energy. In the past, he would need to rest and replenish his energy or consume pills. The higher he flew, the harder it was to sustain and the more energy he consumed.

He understood the cultivation of the two snakes. They were at Dao Realm Eight Transformation Samadhi True Fire.

They were a realm higher than what Daoist Nie had predicted, but they had yet to cultivate the Glass Jade Body. Their Stellar Qi was rather vigorous, but it was still difficult for them to maintain high-speed flight for a long time.

Fortunately, the two of them did not fly too far. They landed on a barren mountain that was about a hundred miles away from Hu Gu Temple.

"Sister, why don't we run further away?" Little Qing asked.

"The most dangerous place is also the safest place." The White Snake looked at Gu Chensha. "What do you think, Young Master?" "There's a saying in the art of war: the real is an illusion, and the illusion is the real."

Gu Chensha said casually, "After this, there will definitely be enemies who will come to investigate Hu Gu Temple. Those enemies did not find anything, so they will think that we have already escaped far away. They will never think that we are hiding in the nearby mountains." "Not bad."

The White Snake praised and stopped in front of a canyon in the mountains. She waved her sleeves and said, "Open." A cave appeared. The three of them went in, and the cave closed again.

The cave went deep into the ground, and there was a magic altar that was half an acre in size. It was very simple.

"During these few days, we will hide here and cultivate."

The White Snake said, "I have prepared this place for a long time. I flipped the Heaven Monster Book and there is a technique called the Heaven Monster Movement Technique. As long as we cultivate it, we will be able to hide our bodies. Even if experts use the Heaven Eye Suspension Technique, they won't be able to find us."

After cultivating the Heaven Eye Suspension Technique to Dao Realm Fifteen Transformation, it was useless to hide in the mountain.

When people used their soul to look down from the sky, they would be able to see everything in the depths of the mountains and rivers.

The mountain was pitch black and one couldn't even see their fingers. But the White Snake took out a moonstone and hung it up. Instantly, one could see everything clearly.

She sat cross-legged on the altar and took out a pill, "This is a Yellow Bud Pill that I refined. I used many herbs and used my own Samadhi True Fire to burn away the impurities. Only the purest medicinal energy is left. If Young Master eats it, you won't need to eat for 10 days. It can also cleanse your body and increase the strength of your flesh and blood."

"Thank you fairy." Gu Chensha swallowed it. He didn't need it at all but he had to continue his disguise.

"Sister's Yellow Bud Pill is much better than that Overlord Blood Pill or Energy Replenishing Pill. For a scholar like you to get one, you are really lucky. "Little Green was really sharp-tongued.

"Little Green, comprehend this book with me." The White Snake said. The two of them flipped open the book on the small altar and read it carefully.

Gu Chensha had a smile on his face. He looked at the two of them frowning like they were in deep thought and couldn't understand the meaning of the book. He couldn't help but say, "Fairies, can you let me take a look? I am good at reading." "Oh? Young Master probably doesn't know monster race words, right? "The White Snake raised her head.

"I am familiar with all sorts of books and know a little about ancient monster language, bone language, shaman language, dragon seal, and phoenix seal." Gu Chensha said calmly.

"Young Master, please come up and take a look." The White Snake waved her hand.

Gu Chensha approached the altar and looked at the words on the Heavenly Demon Book. He scanned it and immediately nodded, "No wonder the two ladies found it hard to understand. This language is ancient and it is extremely simple and concise. Look at these two words, they contain many meanings. The meaning of these words is that the ancient Demon Sage lamented about the many changes in the world and the limits of one's lifespan. Living beings have to use their wisdom to comprehend the profound changes and find the lost vitality from the loopholes in creation. Why is there an end to the lifespan of living beings? That is because the Heavenly Dao is constantly taking away your life. The cultivation of life is to do our best to find the lost life …"

Gu Chensha pointed to the opening article and explained, "This is the general outline. It is truly exquisite and requires careful study. If this article were to be circulated, I'm afraid it would immediately cause a huge commotion in the scholarly world. Countless great Confucian scholars would study it and write thousands of explanatory articles to form a school of thought. This is the Way of the Sage."

Gu Chensha's knowledge was many times higher than the White Snake and the Green Snake. He studied tirelessly and his research on various schools of thought was not inferior to some great Confucian scholars. As he read carefully, he could see many mysteries in the Heavenly Demon Book. At this time, the White Snake and the Green Snake wanted to seek his advice.

The White Snake listened and nodded. She had a look of enlightenment on her face, "Young Master is really knowledgeable. As expected of a scholar. How would we know that a few words could contain so many profound meanings?"

"This is just studying since young. If the two fairies want to comprehend the Heavenly Demon Book, I'm afraid you will have to go to the mortal world to study more."

In terms of literature, Gu Chensha had received systematic education from the royal family since he was young. How could the two demons in the wilderness compare to him?

After receiving Gu Chensha's guidance, the Green Snake and the White Snake seemed to have learned many things. They carefully analyzed it and read it again. They already understood some of the essence.

As Gu Chensha read the general outline of the opening chapter of the Heavenly Demon Book, the image of the Ancient Demon Sage appeared in his consciousness.

His cultivation and comprehension of the Great Dao exceeded the Green Snake and the White Snake by many times. At this moment, when he read the general outline, he had some insights.

Demon Race words that contained the true essence appeared in his mind. Seeing the words was like seeing the person.

In the depths of Gu Chensha's consciousness, Demon Race Sages appeared. There was an azure lion, a white elephant, a roc, a crane, a colorful deer, a qilin, a phoenix, and even a divine dragon.

These Great Demon Race Sages wrote down the true essence of their comprehensions and they were hidden in the words.

Gu Chensha was deep in thought. Suddenly, the depths of his mind trembled. Countless thoughts came one after another. Endless true meanings floated back and forth. Then, the depths of his mind transformed into 10,000 versions of himself. Each version was thinking about different things, performing different martial arts, and deducing different futures. But these 10,000 of him were an inseparable whole.

Then, the 10,000 of him turned into all sorts of shapes. Some were kids, some were old, some were strong, some were young, some were middle-aged, and some were even women.

Then, these 10,000 versions of himself each had their own roles. There were scholars, officials, scholars, generals, soldiers, farmers, craftsmen, husbands, wives, children, and even prostitutes, maids, eunuchs, and so on. The 10,000 of him in his consciousness seemed to have turned into all living beings in the world. All sorts of people and occupations were being played out by the 10,000 of him in his consciousness. He was the living beings in the world and the living beings in the world were him.

At that moment, he reached the Dao Realm Transformation 10 and could do 10,000 things with one heart.

The Dao Realm Transformation 10 was to do 1,000 things with one heart, but he could do 10,000 things with one heart. Now that he advanced, he had a deep comprehension of the Clumsy Fist Nine Techniques. This was what he comprehended from reading the Heaven Monster Book general principles.

"Hahaha …" Gu Chensha felt really good. "So that is the case. I obtained the Heaven Monster Book general principles written by many Monster Race Sages and it is really beneficial to my Dao. Clumsy Fist is the Dao of Common People. If the Heaven Dao is lacking, common people will mend it.

The Heaven Dao was originally incomplete, so common people were born. Their purpose was to mend the Heaven Dao and run the universe. Even if they are dumb, they are noble.

Since that is the case, then my clumsy fist isn't clumsy fist. I shall name it the Common People Heaven Mending Technique! " If the Heaven Dao was lacking, common people would mend it. This was the newest theory that Gu Chensha comprehended. As the saying went, heaven and earth were heartless and treated all living beings like dogs. The Heaven Dao wouldn't care about the life and death of all living beings. This was the supreme truth.

But Gu Chensha comprehended it carefully and finally comprehended the theory that if the Heaven Dao was lacking, common people would mend it.

From then on, his martial arts and spells stepped into a whole new level. If not for the fact that he had only cultivated for a short period of time, he would have become a Celestial Path Ancestor in a few more decades.

It was this sort of comprehension that allowed him to break through and step into the 10th transformation of the Dao Realm.

Once one reached the Dao Realm Transformation 10, it could be said that one had entered the 29 out of the 36 transformations. The 29 transformations focused on the cultivation of the soul.

"If I didn't use the fate of these two snake demons, I wouldn't have been able to see the Heaven Monster Book general principles. Naturally, I wouldn't have been able to comprehend and create the Common People Heaven Mending Technique."

Gu Chensha was overjoyed. He had comprehended the Way in one day, and his strength had increased by several folds. If he made a move now, it would probably be earth-shattering. He had to thank the fate of these two snake demons. If not for them, the Heaven Monster Book wouldn't have appeared.