Chapter 64
==========

As expected, although the barbarian race god envoy was badly injured, he still had the strength to fight. If Gu Chensha appeared and attacked him, he would still be killed. Even if he was at the end of his rope, he could kill 10 Gu Chensha in three breaths.

Xiantian energy appeared on the barbarian race god envoy's body once more. He chose to protect himself first.

But the green light from the talisman didn't attack. It directly merged with the xiantian energy and then into the barbarian race god envoy's body. Ah ah ah!

The divine envoy of the Barbarian Tribe hugged his head and rolled on the ground. His image was completely ruined. Gu Chensha quickly dodged away. He had never tested the power of the Faithless Mind-Capturing Talisman. He had only seen the records and usage of this talisman in ancient books.

Slowly, the barbarian race god envoy stood up and jumped in front of him, scaring him. He nearly wanted to hide in the Sun Moon Altar space. But the barbarian race god envoy's next words filled him with joy.

"Master, your loyal servant Kukata greets you." The barbarian race god envoy knelt down on one knee.

"This talisman is really strong. Or did I use Sky Dew to increase its strength? I actually made this barbarian race god envoy yield? "

Gu Chensha felt that he had a spiritual connection with the barbarian race god envoy and could command him to do some things.

"Bring me out of here." Gu Chensha instructed.

"Yes!"

The God of the Barbarian Tribe moved. Suddenly, a stream of air wrapped around him and Gu Chensha out of thin air. With a swoosh, he rushed into the air faster than a bird and flew away. In less than half an hour, he had already reached the mountain that was hundreds of miles away.

"Put me down." Gu Chensha ordered once more.

"Yes!" The barbarian race god envoy landed on the ground and retracted his xiantian energy. He spat out a few mouthfuls of blood.

"Are you okay?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Master, I am okay."

Kukata knelt down on one knee once more, "Because of the explosion, my meridians were injured and my essence energy was damaged. I just need to rest for 10 days to half a month before I recover." "Then, can you reach Dao Realm Transformation Eight?"

Gu Chensha asked this question. He was a little afraid that after the Barbarian Tribe Divine Envoy advanced to the Eight Transformations, he would refine the power of the Heartless Seizing Talisman in his body. If he lost control of it, he would die without a burial.

In other words, the Barbarian Race's Divine Envoy, Kukata, was like a thunderbolt that could explode at any time.

"Master, I'm cultivating the Maha Suppression Scripture. It's one of the highest secret scriptures in the sect. At the crucial moment, I have to communicate with God King Maha and receive his guidance. Only then can I break through. Now that I no longer believe in God King Maha, there's no hope for me to break through."

The Divine Envoy of the Barbarian Race hurriedly said, "Unless I switch to another secret scripture, but that is not something that can be done in a day. It will take at least a few decades, or even longer." "That's good."

Gu Chensha relaxed. He knew that after the Barbarian Race God Envoy was hit by the talisman, he wouldn't lie. This meant that he had a Dao Realm Transformation Seven slave. Thinking about it, he was shocked. What did Dao Realm Seven Transformations mean?

Perhaps the hidden Grand Elders of those thousand-year-old clans were also at this level of cultivation.

"I can't be too arrogant now. I can't expose Kukata and can only train talents for me in the dark to accumulate strength."

Gu Chensha slowly calmed down, "I am relying on the talisman to control him. If I expose it and the other princes find out, they might be able to find a way to remove the talisman. When that happens, I will be in danger."

Especially Seventh Prince Gufasha, he definitely wouldn't allow himself to have such a strong servant. Moreover, Gufasha's cultivation was above that of the Barbarian Race God Envoy. It was best if he didn't reveal this huge fortune.

"Kukata, you should change your name. You should call yourself … Gu … No, that is the name of the royal family, so you should call yourself Chen … That doesn't seem right, people will think that you are from the Xian Dynasty Royal Family. How about this, you should be called Yiming, the same surname as my godson." Gu Chensha thought about it.

"Yiming greets Master." He knelt down once more.

"It isn't appropriate for you to look like this. Wear the Horned Dragon Armor."

Gu Chensha took out a set of armor from the space inside the altar and wrapped it around Yi Ming's body. This way, no one would be able to find out anything about him, "Now that the barbarians of Peach County are in chaos, I will immediately return and gather the army to annihilate the barbarians in Peach County!" Once everything was arranged, Gu Chensha remembered something important.

Wiping out the Barbarian Race troops in Peach County was the most important thing. If he could take back Peach County and wipe out tens of thousands of them, that would be a huge merit. Not only would he be heavily rewarded, but his strength would also increase.

With Yiming, who was at the Dao Realm Seven Transformation, Gu Chensha returned to the small town really quickly. At this moment, all the soldiers in the town were looking into the distance. The giant explosion had spread hundreds of miles away. They didn't know what had happened, but they didn't dare to send troops out.

"Nineteenth Master, you are finally back?"

Shi Tietie was also in full armor and was prepared to fight at any moment. When he saw Gu Chensha, he knelt down on one knee. An armored person followed behind Gu Chensha. He didn't ask anything, which was really wise.

"I know what all of you want to ask, but now isn't the time to talk. Prepare to fight, head to Peach County!"

Gu Chensha ordered, "There was a giant explosion in Peach County and the Barbarian Race Temple collapsed. All the experts were killed. We will attack right away and we will definitely be able to take back Peach County. We will gain many merits and achieve great things." "Yes!" Everyone was pumped up and all of them sharpened their blades to make ample preparations.

"Let's go!"

The order was issued, and it was like a mountain. Everyone took advantage of the darkness and set out for Peach County. Xiandu. The sky was bright. The sun hung high in the sky and it was a good day.

Lou Baiyue breathed in and out and opened her eyes. Green energy surged into her body and flowed around her. The entire room was filled with the energy of spring.

"Princess, your cultivation is getting stronger and stronger." Miaoxiang and the others served her, "Why haven't I seen any cultivation techniques recently?"

"After I stepped into Dao Realm, the Emperor taught it to me personally. It is called the Great Devouring Soul Technique. It doesn't swallow the surrounding spiritual energy but uses a high meditation frequency to form a key to open a higher dimension. It filters celestial energy that is higher than spiritual energy." Lou Baiyue didn't continue and stood up.

"What is a dimension? I studied hard and didn't find such a word. "Miaoxiang asked.

"This isn't something you can understand now. Wait until you step into Dao Realm."

Lou Baiyue was very attentive in teaching these maids, "The martial arts of the ten of you are actually about the same. You have studied hard in the Lou Family since young and have fought many times. You have also gone on many missions and annihilated bandits. However, real battlefield experience, fighting bloody battles, and killing tens of thousands of people are still not enough. The life and death experience of advancing to the Dao Realm must come from this aspect. I see that the barbarian army is almost mobilized. It is time to set off and sweep the enemy's nest."

"Princess, the temple in Peach County has exploded and the barbarians are in a mess. Prince Nineteen is leading the troops to attack."

Suddenly, Sixiang came in with the latest news in her hand, "This is the eagle message that was just sent."

"Why did it explode? Did you find out?" Lou Baiyue frowned, "Could it be that the barbarians' own space crack fluctuated? That caused all our efforts to be in vain? " "I don't know. It only happened half a day ago. Only ten hours have passed since midnight."

Sixiang quickly replied, "It was Shi Zhongtie who sent a message to Inspector Ba Nan. Our people in Inspector Ba Nan received the news and released the eagle. That's how we got the news. I wonder what's going on in Peach County now?" "Immediately lead the troops to Peach County in Ba Nan Province." Lou Baiyue stood up. The explosion was something she didn't expect.

"Third Prince has also led the troops." At this moment, Meixiang also hurried in and reported the situation.

"Third Prince was waiting for Gu Chensha to make a move and let him alert the enemy. He also wanted to see what other experts the barbarians have, but he didn't expect that he would make such a big move. If the barbarians really suffered heavy losses because of the explosion, the credit will be Gu Chensha's. In the future, the imperial court will reward him according to his contribution. He will lose all his face. This time, the national policy set by the emperor is to exterminate the barbarians. Based on the prince's contribution, we will focus on training him." As Lou Baiyue spoke, she had already left. The sound of fighting could be heard dozens of miles away. Peach County had turned into a battlefield.

Gu Chensha led the troops under his command, in addition to Shi Tietie's army. They converged into a torrent, and took advantage of the chaos to kill their way into the panicking Barbarian camp. They didn't want to take any prisoners, they just wanted to kill. It was like an iron nail piercing into the heart, and the Barbarian army was caught unprepared.

On that day, Gu Chensha alone had intercepted thousands of barbarian cavalrymen. Although he had been trapped, he had still managed to kill two to three hundred of them. Now, with the help of the army, his killing speed had increased by ten times.

What was even more terrifying was that all of his subordinates were wearing Horned Dragon Armor, and it could be said that they were impervious to swords and spears. They were as strong as bulls, and arrows, swords, and spears pierced their bodies, but they didn't even budge.

From this, one could see how invincible the Horned Dragon Armor was. Even if a commoner without any training wore it, he or she could kill ten elite warriors.

If it could really be mass-produced, then the Great Yong army's extermination of the barbarians wouldn't just be empty talk. Pfft! Pfft!

However, Gu Chensha did not wear the Horned Dragon Armor. On this battlefield, he was naturally honing his martial arts. However, his killing speed was the fastest. When the Demon Conquering Blade passed by, it was like cutting vegetables. The Barbarian soldiers, warriors, martial arts masters, and even the Martial Arts Grandmasters of the Barbarian Tribe all fell to the ground. Any attack was reflected back. His moves were exquisite and ingenious. In an instant, countless blood balls and souls floated in the space of his sacrificial altar.

Originally, there were 500 drops of Heavenly Dew, but now there were less than 100 drops left. He could kill more Barbarian soldiers and generals, and use them as sacrifices to replenish them in the future. Now, he knew that the more Heavenly Dew he had, the better. Not only could it help him improve and strengthen his flesh, but it could also make his weapons more precious. Even the plants would gain spirituality and evolve continuously.

Rumor had it that even ordinary weeds would gain spirituality and become spirits after coming into contact with the Heavenly Dew. Gu Chensha had yet to fully understand the wonders of the Heavenly Dew. Kill!

Liu Yu, Jia Liang, and the other two were also honing their martial arts techniques in the midst of killing. In the chaos, they did not kill the ordinary Barbarian soldiers, but instead found the Martial Arts Grandmasters of the Barbarian Tribe and experts of the level of generals to train themselves.