Chapter 517
===========

He had obtained some information about the Immortal Master from Hong Wending, which was very valuable. With a thought, he felt that he could pretend to be the Immortal Master's man and cheat Gu Tanjian's cooperation. On one hand, he could obtain the artifact, and on the other hand, he could use this opportunity to stop Xing Qianxiong from obtaining the World Burial Coffin.

If it was just Xing Qianxiong, he wouldn't be afraid at all and could even suppress him. However, Xing Qianxiong had the Xing Qiong Clan behind him, and this matter wouldn't be easy. He had to introduce variables and find a chance of survival from them. Fishing in troubled waters. This was what he had always been good at. If he could also cheat Gu Tanjian of treasures, why not?

"Who exactly is behind you?"

Gu Tanjian wasn't a fool, and of course, he wouldn't give Gu Chensha the artifact so easily. "Previously, I gave you the Map of Stars fragment, but you haven't really helped me yet." "You've wronged me."

Gu Chensha quickly said, "My plan is for Alliance Head to obtain the Ancestral Sorcerer Bone Plate and set up a curse on it, causing the Martial Emperor to be cursed without knowing it. Then, the Martial Emperor will use this bone plate to cultivate to the Martial Saint's Paradise, and I will provoke him to fight against the nine Wu Clan's God grade experts. Then, when both sides are injured, we will activate the curse and obtain everything.

Unfortunately, the most crucial point is that Alliance Head didn't give me the Ancestral Sorcerer Bone Plate. How can I execute this plan? " "Once this is done, we probably won't be able to gain any benefits.

You want to take over the Martial Saint's Paradise, suppress the nine God grade experts, and destroy a Saint clan. Your appetite is too big. If it could be done, The Great Spirit God would have done it long ago. Martial Saint's legacy will definitely come out to interfere, and we will become the target of public criticism. "

Gu Zingjian said, "You don't have absolute confidence in this. It's too risky. Although it's said that riches come from danger, it's too risky, and the success rate isn't high. More importantly, Wudang Xing, I'm afraid you've even schemed against me."

"What are you talking about, Alliance Leader? Even if I can scheme against you, don't you have the support of The Great Spirit God?" Gu Chensha quickly replied.

"Tell me," Gu Tanjian said. "Let's see who's behind you. If you're valuable, I can give you more than this."

"In the Demon Domain, there are exiled disciples from ancient times who have gathered together to form an alliance," Gu Chensha said. "As for the leader of this alliance, he is called the Immortal Master. I wonder if the Alliance Chief knows about this?" "Immortal Master?"

When Gu Tanjian heard this name, he was at a loss. However, he seemed to communicate with some kind of existence and asked about the origin of this name.

After a while, his expression changed drastically. "Celestial Master, it's actually the Celestial Master. You've sided with her? Have you become her man? "

"It seems like the Alliance Chief has received news about the Celestial Master from The Great Spirit God. How is it?"

Gu Chensha knew that his deception was effective. "Look at me. I'm not a Natural Born Sage, but I've cultivated the first level of the True Dragon Technique. Although I can't compare to Fa Wuxian, Wu Dangkong, and the Alliance Chief's five levels of the True Dragon Technique, it's still the True Dragon Technique. These are all bestowed upon me by the Celestial Master. What's a Martial Emperor? In front of the Celestial Master, it's just child's play. "

"Your cultivation speed is too fast. Only the legendary Celestial Master can make you so strong." Gu Tanjian believed it without a doubt. Who knew what he had received from The Great Spirit God.

Gu Chensha's heart stirred. He wanted to use the Heavenly Dao Technique to enter Gu Tanjian's memories and see what The Great Spirit God had told him. However, he resisted. He was afraid that if The Great Spirit God found out, the gains would not make up for the losses.

"How is it? Alliance Chief, we can make a deal now, right? "Gu Chensha said with a smile.

"You're really in contact with the Celestial Master and have pledged your allegiance to him.

This Celestial Master's strength is really unfathomable. If you can form a relationship with him, the benefits will be huge. "Gu Tanjian frowned." However, why should I trust you completely? "

"Alliance Chief, you've been too paranoid recently. Think about it. Since the Alliance Chief's treasures are The Great Spirit God's, it's not a pity.

And it seems that The Great Spirit God also wants to seduce the Celestial Master? "Gu Chensha probed.

"No, The Great Spirit God means to never get close to the Celestial Master. He's an extremely dangerous existence." In the end, Gu Tanjian still managed to get some secrets out of him.

"Is that so? Then this is also the best chance for the Alliance Chief to get rid of The Great Spirit God. "

Gu Chensha said alarmingly. "That Dharma Saint has already set his sights on that brat, Gu Changjian. Sooner or later, he'll extract his bloodline. I think The Great Spirit God has been raising the Alliance Chief for too long. I'm afraid the Alliance Chief won't be able to escape his clutches in the end." "That's right!"

Gu Tanjian seemed to have made up his mind. He handed the Thousand-Eyed Demon Sword to Gu Chensha. "I'll give you this Demon Sword first. As long as you help me form a relationship with the Celestial Master, I still have the Qi of the Holy Dragon here. It's enough to turn you into a Natural-Born Saint."

As he spoke, a crystal bottle appeared in Gu Tanjian's hand. Within the crystal bottle, there was an extremely mysterious aura brewing. It seemed to contain the aura of a Sage, as well as Dragon Qi. It was many times stronger than the Dragon Nurturing Qi and Dragon Creation Qi.

Vaguely, Gu Chensha could see a Sage Dragon with a human head and a dragon body appearing in the air current. This was the highest level of the Desolate Dragon Sect, the Qi of the Holy Dragon. If one could obtain this Qi of the Holy Dragon, they would be able to become a Natural-Born Saint.

When Gu Chensha saw the Qi of the Holy Dragon, he was tempted. If he could obtain it, he could at least give it to Lou Baiyue, allowing her to become a Natural-Born Saint.

Although Lou Baiyue's cultivation was high, she seemed to have reached some kind of bottleneck. She was unable to activate the bloodline that the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had passed down to her, causing her cultivation to stagnate. In the past, she had far surpassed Gu Chensha, but now, she had been surpassed by Gu Chensha. Gu Chensha wanted to think of a way to help Lou Baiyue improve. It would be best if he could obtain the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra.

That way, the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra, Dragon Creation Sutra, and Holy Dragon Heart Sutra could combine the three dragons into one to obtain the deepest secrets of the Desolate Dragon Sect.

However, the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra had never appeared since ancient times. The three Celestial Venerables had only obtained the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and Dragon Creation Sutra.

Even The Great Spirit God might have only obtained the Qi of the Holy Dragon, but not the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra.

"Looks like I can only pretend to be Hong Wending and establish a relationship with the Immortal Master."

Gu Chensha thought to himself, "But that Immortal Master seems to be unfathomable. Could he see through my transformation?"

Amidst his contemplation, he came to an agreement with Gu Tanjian. He then tricked Gu Tanjian into giving him a 'Thousand Eyes Devil Sword'. This sword's prowess was extraordinary, but he could sense that there was also a curse on it. Gu Tanjian was worried about him.

However, he was proficient in the art of curses. In his eyes, Gu Tanjian's curses were just child's play.

Especially after he learned the Divine Prefecture's Seventy-Two Levels, there were many ways to dispel curses. Xing Qiongshi's life's work was actually child's play?

After Gu Chensha and Gu Tanjian came to an agreement, they returned to the meeting hall. Wu Dangkong, Gu Xuansha, Fa Wuxian, and Gu Changjian looked at the two of them. They knew that the two of them had come to some kind of agreement.

"What scheme did the two of you come up with?" Fa Wuxian's eyes were vigilant. He was very wary of Gu Tanjian.

Originally, he was lawless. However, after failing time and time again, he restrained himself. He could also see that Gu Tanjian had the potential to become a Sage.

"Brother Wuxian, you don't have to worry about this."

Gu Tanjian said, "I didn't expect that someone as arrogant as Brother Wuxian would come out of seclusion to assist Concubine Ming." "I think the Dharma Saint is behind this."

Gu Chensha's voice was sharp. He tried his best to destroy the alliance between these people. "The Dharma Saint has broken free from the Heavenly Dao's restraints. There must be some drawbacks. He hasn't recovered his full strength yet he wants to seize the Heaven Sacrifice Decree in the sky, right?

How could I not know about the Legalism's schemes? The powerful existence behind me already knew about this. If the Dharma Saint had his full strength, he would have swept through all the aristocratic families and gathered them as one. Our Wu Clan knows that the Legalism isn't anything good. The nine old ancestors already sent me to keep an eye on you. "

"Wu Dangkong, you are trying to sow discord." Fa Wuxian's killing intent was dense. "Be careful of dying."

"Fa Wuxian, your magic power might be profound, but I'm not afraid of you. Be careful when you walk. Don't think that you are really a Sage just because you have the potential to become a Sage. Since ancient times, there were many Natural Sages who died before they became Sages." Gu Chensha didn't give in at all. He wanted to sow discord between the Wu Clan and the Legalism. Moreover, he could really find an opportunity to disguise the rise and fall of Wudang and Fa Wuxian. With his current strength, even ten Fa Wuxian wouldn't be a match for him.

"Alright, the Wu Clan and the Legalism are both aristocratic families. Don't be estranged because of this."

It was unknown what Wu Dangkong was thinking. She said, "The reason why we are gathering this time is because of the Calming Immortal Department's matter. According to my information in the Immortal Dao, that kid Gu Chensha gathered a large number of the sect masters of the second and third-rate Immortal Dao sects, as well as the experts of the sects, to build an island overseas. It has already taken shape. There are more than a hundred thousand cultivators on that island. When they gather together, it will be an extremely huge force. Moreover, they have started to nurture the creatures in the sea and gather the power of the vow, causing the Common People's Wish sphere to accumulate more and more vigorous.

"Right now, the Calming Immortal Department has already suppressed us from three aspects: the people, the bureaucracy, and the Immortal Dao. We can't move at all. We can't even retaliate or do anything. Even the merchant association's business has been greatly reduced. I'm afraid that in another two or three years, our power in the imperial court and among the people will only exist in name."

"The Calming Immortal Department is like a nation's master. They are pressing forward step by step and have completely blocked our throat."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha also felt that there was basically no way to retaliate. "They established the Common People's Wish Academy and used the Dragon Nurturing Mantra, Dragon Creation Mantra, Human Dragon Elixir, Human Dragon Armor, and Human Dragon Sword as temptations to drive the thoughts of the people. The Fourth even contacted the officials and sent the talented people in the academy to be the officials' aides, controlling the world. The bureaucracy is also basically controlled. As the crown prince, I, Concubine Ming, and the Upper Study can only watch. "