Chapter 842
===========

The voice was clear, distant, deep, and pleasant. It seemed to contain all the gentleness and elegance in the world. Anyone who heard this voice would think that the owner of this voice was the most perfect man. 【】

This was Heavenly King Dong Hua, ranked third and in control of the Primordial Tree. He was the future overlord of the Heavenly Court, the greatest existence who controlled infinite space, infinite universes, infinite planes, and infinite worlds.

The three Celestial Venerables were very respectful when they heard this voice. They had long pledged their allegiance to this Heavenly King, and Dou Yiyu was just feigning civility. Now, they naturally had to listen to the Heavenly King's orders.

"Heavenly King Dong Hua, do you mean to say that you agree to let us join the Calmness Division?

Just now, my daughter said that you are also in the Calmness Division, and that even the Emperor Of Heaven might be there. Is this true, or is it just a lie? "Yuan Gu Celestial asked.

"This is true, but I don't know exactly where the Emperor Of Heaven is. When the Emperor Of Heaven is born, he will naturally come out," Heavenly King Dong Hua said.

"Me, Primordial Chaos, Zenith Heaven, Wisdom, and Jin Men are all hiding in the Calmness Division. It's just that we don't know who we are. There are hundreds of millions of talents in the Calmness Division, and it's not easy to find just a few of us."

"According to Heavenly King Dong Hua, are we going to seize power in the Calmness Division?" Victorious Heavenly King also had his own ideas. "As for that Punisher Heavenly King, how should we deal with him? Is he friend or foe? "

"The Punisher Heavenly King is temporarily under Gu Chensha's control. However, when the Emperor Of Heaven is born, his control will be lifted, and the Punisher Heavenly King will truly awaken and regain his true identity."

Heavenly King Dong Hua said, "You can work with him on this. I will push for it from behind. After you enter the Calmness Division, I will instruct you on what to do."

"That Gu Chensha is crafty and cunning, and his cultivation is profound. I'm afraid he'll beat us at our own game and use us to carry out all sorts of schemes. This boy's craftiness is already above ours. If it's a battle of wits, we might not be his match." For the first time, the three Empyreans didn't have confidence in themselves.

The three of them were astute and astute. Ever since the Primordial Era until now, they had never suffered any losses. Because of this, they knew very well how to judge the situation. They did not rely on their hot-bloodedness to fight head-on.

"You don't have to worry about this. That Gu Chensha is powerful, but once the Emperor Of Heaven is born, he can be suppressed immediately. We don't even need the Emperor Of Heaven. Right now, I have already contacted No Tribulation, Disaster, and Great Fen to work together to expel the foreign Source inside the Master of the Sun and Moon. Once it is expelled, the Master of the Sun and Moon will be able to leave Gu Chensha's body and become the real Master of the Sun and Moon. The original Master of the Sun and Moon was swallowed by Gu Chensha, but he has never been able to truly refine and merge the Source of the Master of the Sun and Moon.

"If we seize the opportunity, we can save the Master of the Sun and Moon. At that time, the Nine Heavenly Kings and the Master of the Sun and Moon will work together to activate the matrix of the Celestial Court and turn the Divine Prefecture into the future Celestial Court. When the Emperor Of Heaven is born, Gu Chensha will basically have no ability to turn things around.

The one we are most afraid of is Gu Taxian. To be honest, without Gu Taxian, Gu Chensha and the Celestial Calmness Department are all clay chickens and pottery dogs that can be destroyed with a flick of a finger. "

Heavenly King Dong Hua's voice gradually faded. "Go, join the Celestial Calmness Department. In addition, you can borrow the power of the Celestial Calmness Department to capture the Celestial Master.

Seize the prehistoric civilization's One God System from her. This One God System is a great blasphemy to the Emperor Of Heaven. However, the Source is very useful. If you can obtain it and offer it to the Heavenly Dao, it can make the Heavenly Dao even more perfect and assist the Heavenly Dao in devouring Gu Taxian.

In short, if you can do this, you may not be the Nine Heavenly Kings in the future, but the Twelve Heavenly Kings.

After the Emperor Of Heaven and the Heavenly Dao devour Gu Taxian, they will expand many times again. It won't be difficult to add a few more Heavenly Kings. "

"So that's what you said." The three Heavenly Venerables looked at each other and saw the ambition in each other's eyes. In Sin State City. Gu Chensha saw Dou Yiyu, who had returned.

Dou Yiyu reported everything that had happened. Actually, there was no need for a report. Gu Chensha could see everything clearly. However, Dou Yiyu's actions made him nod, because this matter showed that Dou Yiyu had sincerely joined forces with the Celestial Calmness Department. Even if the Heavenly Court appeared in the future, it would not be able to shake her will.

"Your Highness, this is how it is. The three Heavenly Venerables were convinced by me to join the Celestial Calmness Department. Your Highness can use this to quickly dissolve the alliance of the Black Heaven Earth Sect, and even gain the allegiance of countless immortal cultivators. You can even plot to obtain the Heart of Infinity," Dou Yiyu said.

"You have been deceived." Gu Chensha looked at Dou Yiyu plainly.

"What do you mean?" Dou Yiyu was shocked.

"Actually, the three Heavenly Venerables have long received guidance from Heavenly King Dong Hua. Otherwise, they would not have been able to obtain anything from the Primordial Mist Tree. However, you have also contributed greatly. As long as we can rope them into the Celestial Calmness Department, whether they are sincere or not, I can still grab Heavenly King Dong Hua from them and steal it in passing."

Gu Chensha was quite impressed with Dou Yiyu. "Tell the three Heavenly Venerables that the Celestial Calmness Department will establish a new department. Have them gather the mystical sects of the immortal dao, gather the sacrifices, and if we succeed in the future, the entire immortal world will be under their control. In addition, I will personally activate the mystic arts and condense chiliocosm seeds for them.

After obtaining the Primordial Mist Tree, they will indeed ascend to the Celestial Longevity Realm. However, it is still wishful thinking for them to advance further and touch upon the secrets of celestial origin. But after I give them chiliocosm seeds, they will be able to gradually convert their world power into celestial origin power. Although they may not ascend to the Celestial Prime Realm, at least there will be hope. "

With that, Gu Chensha waved his hand, and three seeds formed, pulsing with deathless energy. It was like three chiliocosm worlds were in his palm.

Dou Yi Yu knew what was good and what was bad. Her expression was one of extreme shock. "This, this … you casually created this? Chiliocosm seeds! "

Since ancient times, the Celestial Longevity Realm had always been the peak. No living being had ever reached the Celestial Prime Realm. That was because after the Celestial Longevity Realm, it was basically impossible to condense chiliocosm seeds.

In the recent decades, the appearance of the Celestial Talisman Emperor had thrown the Heavenly Daos into chaos, causing some changes to the Heavenly Daos. That was why there were some supreme experts who broke through and condensed the energy of the Great Chiliocosm within their bodies. After that, they condensed the energy of the Great Chiliocosm into a seed, which would then hatch into a Great Chiliocosm. That was the Heaven Yuan Realm. For example, The Great Spirit God and the Prehistoric Old Man.

However, the three Heavenly Venerables hadn't broken through to that point yet. They were still struggling to condense chiliocosm power, then turn it into chiliocosm seeds. But now, Gu Chensha had given them three pure chiliocosm seeds.

Just like that, as long as they obtained the three seeds, they would be able to step into the Celestial Prime Realm. This was like reaching the heavens in a single step.

It was like the three Heavenly Venerables were just normal disciples of the royal family, but they were suddenly promoted to Crown Prince.

"King's skills far exceed our imagination. I think everyone has miscalculated." After the shock, Dou Yiyu said sincerely, "I think King is about to break through to Heavenly Venerable Realm?

At that time, you will sweep the world and be invincible. Killing Heavenly King Dong Hua will be as easy as killing a little chick. "

Gu Chensha had secretly obtained the sacrifice of the Prehistoric Old Man. Through the Prehistoric Old Man, he had directly contacted the Prehistoric Dragon Gate. After stealing the sacrifice of close to 3,000 True Gods and Heavenly Kings of Jin, his cultivation base had been growing crazily. Now, he was at the Dao Realm 35 Transformation, the Prehistoric Realm. He could turn the land of dust into the universe, so he could create chiliocosm seeds. Of course, these chiliocosm seeds were refined from the sacrifice of 3,000 True Gods.

"The three Heavenly Venerables will definitely make many requests, but as long as you take out the chiliocosm seeds, they will come immediately."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Go quickly. I hope to see the three Heavenly Venerables appear in front of me tomorrow." "Yes!" Dou Yiyu left in a hurry.

As expected, on the second day, before daybreak, the three Heavenly Venerables turned into three old men and appeared in the small courtyard that Gu Chensha was in. Then, they saw a few servants serving tea in the small courtyard.

"Fa Wuxian! Jing Fanxing! Martial Emperor! "

The three Heavenly Venerables looked at the three servants. They were all living the lives of ordinary people and seemed satisfied. The three of them were all great existences in the past. Fa Wuxian was the reincarnation of the Endless Umbrella. Jing Fanxing was even more amazing. He was the reincarnation of the Innocuous King. Martial Emperor was once the ruler of the God Continent. He had founded a dynasty and was considered an important person in the history of the God Continent.

The three Heavenly Venerables even knew that if the God Continent became the future Heavenly Court, then Emperor Gu, who had once been the ruler of the God Continent, would obtain a good position. Even if he died, he would be revived. Those who didn't die would have a higher position, second only to the nine kings.

"You are finally here. Are you prepared to join the Calming Celestial Department?"

Gu Chensha looked at the three old men that the three Heavenly Venerables had transformed into. He wasn't surprised at all. In the past, these three Heavenly Venerables were legendary existences. The Mystic Immortal Dao Sects would worship the three Heavenly Venerables as their ancestors whenever they heard their names. Even the ancient Sons of Heaven who had obtained the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman would respect the three Heavenly Venerables as their masters and ask them about the way of governing a country and cultivating.

In the past, these three Heavenly Venerables were lofty existences in Gu Chensha's eyes. But now, he could kill them with a flick of his finger. In his eyes, these three had no secrets.

In this world, the only thing Gu Chensha feared and had no confidence in was the Emperor Of Heaven. Apart from him, everyone else was an ant.

"As expected, heroes come from the youth."

Victorious Fighter frowned when he saw Gu Chensha's carefree manner. He felt a little uncomfortable in his heart. It seemed that Gu Chensha didn't have the demeanor of someone who knew how to be courteous to the wise. 。

A website recommends beautiful legs in stockings, youthful cheeks, and plump buttocks to watch online!

Quickly follow the official WeChat account: meinvtao1 (long press for 3 seconds to copy) to watch online!