Chapter 555
===========

"We do need to save Qin Han. We can't let him be swallowed up by the demons. We need to inform him about this and see what he thinks. If he wants to stay there to resist the demons, we need to support him. If he wants to retreat, that's understandable." Lou Baiyue and The Fourth were very tolerant.

"I've been planning this for a long time."

Zhuge Ya sighed. "If the immortal dao attacks us, our Minor Thousand Worlds can completely block it. But if the demons join forces, there's at least ten Minor Thousand Worlds attacking at the same time. We won't be able to withstand it."

"Midget Devil Race, Nether Armored Great Devil Race, Blood Devil Race, Devil Dragon Race, Goat Head Devil Race, Bull Head Devil Race, Horse Face Devil Race, Bone Devil Race, Snake Devil Race, Corpse Devil Race.

These ten demon races all have Minor Thousand Worlds. Fortunately, apart from the pygmy demons, the other demons don't have Minor Thousand Worlds as strong as our Common People's Wish. Moreover, they're always scheming against each other and won't use their full strength. I think it'd be good enough if each demon only used a third of their strength. If they used their full strength and the other demons took advantage of it, we'd be doomed. "Gu Chensha was even more meticulous, considering every detail.

"I know that too. But there's one more detail. The most mysterious of the demons, the Sky Demons, hasn't appeared. Apart from that, the Demon Sovereigns seem to be in hiding as well."

Zhuge Ya added. "What I'm most worried about right now are the two great demons. Among them, there are existences on the same level as the three Heavenly Sovereigns."

The Heavenly Fiend Race was the king of all Fiends. They had existed since ancient times and were known as the supreme Heavenly Fiends. Gu Chensha had even obtained a fragment of the Heavenly Fiend Relic in the past. However, the Heavenly Fiend Race was extremely rare in the Demon Territory. Gu Chensha had entered the Demon Territory many times, but he had yet to discover any traces of the Heavenly Fiend Race. The Demon Sovereigns were descendants of the Maha God. Their blood flowed through their veins. Their names were Maha So and So.

They were supposed to be the emperors of the various Demon Realms. However, the Demon Realm was complicated. Even the Maha God, who claimed to be the King of Hell, had never truly unified it.

What was true unification? That was to learn from the Great Yongchō Court and establish their own laws and regulations.

There were many Dimensional Spaces in the Infernal Territory, and it was not as easy to unify as the Divine Prefecture. Moreover, the Sky Demon Race was also opposing God Maha.

Rumor had it that the Supreme Demon Lord of the Sky Devil Race had fought with God Maha many times. Although he had lost, he had never been utterly defeated.

Although God Maha was suppressed, the Supreme Demon Venerable of the Heavenly Devil Race wasn't. He was still in the depths of a demonic dimension and might come out to stir up trouble.

Gu Chensha, Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, and the Fourth had all obtained the complete version of the Maha Suppression Scripture. They had some methods to restrain the demons. However, the Demon Calamity was about to erupt. The power was too strong, and any methods would be useless. As the saying went, strength could break all laws.

"We actually have another way. That is to gather everyone into a Minor Chiliocosm. Then, we can activate the Minor Chiliocosm and escape into the depths of the space-time turbulence. We can avoid the spatial dimensions near the Divine Prefecture. When the Demon Calamity erupts and the situation becomes chaotic, we can come back to clean up the mess," said the Fourth.

"I've thought about that, but it's impossible. We're the trigger for the Demon Calamity, and the many demons have their eyes on us. In other words, even if we escape to the ends of the earth, we'll still be targeted. Even if it's a Minor Chiliocosm, traveling through the space-time turbulence is extremely dangerous, and it consumes a lot of World Energy. If we were all God Realm experts, we could replenish the sphere, but our powers are too shallow."

Gu Chensha shook his head. "More importantly, we have to protect the Divine Central Continent's Yongchō. If we escape without a fight, how can we face the world?" "We can't escape."

Zhuge Ya had long since rejected that idea. "We have no chance of winning if we run for our lives. The space-time turbulence around the Divine Central Continent is relatively stable. Our Minor Chiliocosm doesn't need to consume much power to stay here, but it'll be dangerous if we leave the Divine Central Continent." The space-time turbulence was like a huge ocean. The Endless Mainland was like a continent in the ocean. The space-time near the Endless Mainland was like a harbor in the ocean, a safe haven.

Far away from the space-time of the Endless Mainland, they faced extreme danger and unpredictable storms.

Therefore, many Immortal Dao Mystical Sects and Sage Families built their sects in the Endless Mainland, and parked their Minor Chiliocosm in the space-time turbulence near the Endless Mainland.

The world inside the Endless Mainland was endless, but compared to the space-time turbulence, one could still see some of the scale from the outside, but no one could see the entire face of the Endless Mainland.

It was like an ordinary person looking at the Minute Dust World. It was a gourd in the palm of their hand, but when they jumped into the gourd, they discovered that it was truly a vast and endless world, with no end in sight.

However, even if it was a Medium Chiliocosm or a Great Chiliocosm, a Sage would be able to find the end of the world when he entered it. It was only in the Endless Mainland that a Sage, or even the three Celestial Lords, could never fly out of the Endless Mainland unless they broke through the barrier and escaped into the turbulence. This was also where the Endless Mainland far surpassed the Great Chiliocosm. Minute Dust World, Minor Chiliocosm, Medium Chiliocosm, Great Chiliocosm, Endless World. The classification of these worlds, with the Endless World at the top, was evident.

"There is no benefit in escaping. We can only resist with all our might, hoping for a slim chance of survival."

Lou Baiyue's eyes flickered, and she was very determined. "Actually, His Majesty must have made arrangements to not let the Divine Mainland and the Yongchō be destroyed in a day, starting with breaking the Xing Qiong Clan's 100 levels of the Divine Mainland Law."

"We can't count on such illusory things, because these are not in our control." Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Even if His Majesty has made arrangements, we can only pretend that there is no such thing." "That's true, in these seven days, we have to seize all the chances of victory."

Lou Baiyue said, "I will take out all the resources of our Lou Family and inject them into the Minor Chiliocosm sphere. The Fourth, don't hide the things of your Hua Family, take them all out, and let the Tree of Wishes swallow them. Otherwise, if the skin is gone, where will the hair attach to?

If our Calming Fairy Department is destroyed, our family will definitely be destroyed by Wu Dangkong. " "Of course."

The Fourth nodded. "I've already thought of this, but it's just a cup of water on a burning cart of firewood. We mainly have to rely on Nineteenth Brother. If the Universe Profound Sect and the Taiyi Fantasy Sect can help us, then there is still a chance."

"I'm afraid not. Both the Universe Profound Sect and the Taiyi Fantasy Sect have made it clear that they can support us in small matters, but they don't want to be involved in the demon disaster.

Moreover, they have to guard against the attacks of the three Heavenly Masters and the Heaven Earth Profound Sect. "

Gu Chensha said, "Even though these two great Mystical Sects have great businesses, they also have many scruples. They calculate step by step and cannot take the slightest risk. Even if they are on good terms with us, for the sake of their sects, they cannot have too many feelings and impulses."

"Mr. Zhuge, we still have another chance. What about Xing Qianxiong and Jiang Qi? They don't seem to have made a move yet?" Lou Baiyue asked.

"They seem to be waiting for the demon disaster to start. They are afraid that our Calming Fairy Department will interfere with them." Zhuge Ya slightly activated his powers. In an instant, a picture appeared in front of him.

In the picture, Xing Qianxiong and Jiang Qi were still cultivating in the depths of the demon region, capturing demons. There were more and more demons in their Demon Slaying Lanterns. Jiang Qi's realm was rising, and he had actually reached the Heaven Eye Floating Realm. This cultivation speed was simply unheard of.

"It seems like they also got the news that the demon disaster is about to break out, so they suppressed the sacrificial ceremony."

Gu Chensha saw it clearly. "Right now, within seven days, we have to deal with these two fellows and obtain the World Burying Coffin. Only by bringing the World Burying Coffin into our small chiliocosm and merging with it, our small chiliocosm can surpass thousands of years of accumulation and ascend to a medium-sized world."

"If it is promoted to a dimensional realm, then it will be able to resist the attacks of these demons without any problems."

Zhuge Ya said, "Jiang Gongwang has refined the interior of the Coffin of the World Burying World. Who knows how many Primordial Spiritual Treasures have been infused into it. There might even be many living beings living in that world, cultivating and praying, which is why the coffin can wander in the depths of the space-time turbulence. Furthermore, the Ancient Seven Star Esoteric Meaning has been sealed within, so it might even have its own spirituality.

"Within seven days, we have to get the World Burying Coffin."

Gu Chensha made his decision. "I will use my methods to obtain the Holy Dragon Qi from Gu Qianjian's gourd within these seven days. At the same time, I will plot against Xing Qianxiong and Jiang Qi." "Then, let's plan it out. We have to get through this tribulation."

Zhuge Ya said, "Even if the demon disaster and Wu Dangkong want to wipe us out, we have to drag them down with us." Jingxian Si discussed for a while. It didn't take long and now was a race against time.

Gu Chensha came up with all sorts of plans and left the Common People's Wish ball. He entered the Demon Region. Now that the ball was a small chiliocosm, he could use the power of the ball to sneak into the Demon Region without attracting the attention of strong existences.

At the center of Sin Province, the bottomless Sin Ocean seal was blocked by numerous Maha Curse powers. Even gods couldn't enter the Demon Region from there.