Chapter 159
===========

"Lou Baiyue has a big secret. Otherwise, she wouldn't be able to learn the Great Massacre God Technique."

The young man called Li Wangsheng said, "She is favored by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. If we capture her, he will not let it go." "Humph!"

Yuan Shasheng said, "The Heavenly Talisman Emperor is in seclusion again. He is not accepted by the Heavenly Dao. He needs all his cultivation to suppress the Heavenly Dao. At the same time, he is also suppressing the appearance of the real Son of Destiny. He can't use 99% of his strength. Why is the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons afraid of him?" Hearing their conversation, Heng Budong just looked around but didn't say anything.

"Did the Chaotic Demonic Ape God send down an oracle? Who is the Son of Destiny? "Li Wangsheng asked.

"Nothing yet." Yuan Shasheng shook his head.

"What about Fa Wuxian?"

Li Wangsheng said, "I think this person is really powerful. In the future, he will be able to fight against the old monsters who have cultivated for thousands of years. Among all the Saint families, he is the only one I respect."

"Fa Wuxian is strong but there is no sign of him being the Son of Destiny. The Heavenly Sacrificial Decree has not appeared."

Yuan Shasheng calculated, "Whoever gets this item will be the real Son of Destiny. I calculated that Wen Hong used to be the Son of Destiny but he didn't get it. So it is not him."

"Unfortunately, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor has reversed the Heavenly Dao. Even father can't calculate who is the Son of Destiny." Li Wangsheng frowned.

"Your father is the Supreme Demonic Saint. His cultivation is close to the ancient Saints and even above the gods." Yuan Shasheng said, "This time, he should have seen some clues."

"Father has ventured into the depths of the void, searching for clues regarding the Desolate Dragon Sect. If he could obtain the Desolate Dragon Sect, he would be a supreme existence comparable to the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. Maybe at that time, he would be able to contend against the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was abandoned by the Heavenly Dao, we would be able to suppress him completely and kill him." "Lord Li Wanlong found clues about the Dragon Gate?"

Yuan Shasheng was shocked, "Does that mean there is a chance to surpass the Thirty-six Transformations and jump out of the Three Realms?" "There's a change in the Burial Grounds."

Li Wangsheng did not continue on the topic of the Raging Desolation Dragon Sect, "Initially, there was an extremely strong restrictive power here that prevented the Evil Qi from spreading out. That was the Heaven Dao Shackles of the Endless Mainland. However, because of the influence of the Heaven Talisman Emperor, the Heaven Dao Shackles have weakened. Making use of this opportunity, we can release all those demons that have been brewing here for tens of thousands of years and wreak havoc across the world, causing the entire Imperial Court of the Heaven Talisman Emperor to crumble. By then, it would definitely deal a huge blow to the confidence of that person."

"If I'm not mistaken, the demonic creatures at the bottom of the Endless Sea of Sin in the Sin Province are beginning to stir." Eternal Motionless interjected.

"Since ancient times, the Endless Sea of Sin has been a place where sins gather. It connects to another world. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor is really powerful. He actually sealed the Sea of Sin by cutting off thousands of mountains.

Li Wangsheng shook his head, and then the vertical eye between his eyebrows suddenly shot out a ray of light. Crackle! Not far away, air currents exploded continuously, and a figure appeared. It was Lou Baiyue.

She had concealed herself well, but Li Wangsheng found a flaw. Using some unknown demonic technique, he broke through her concealment technique and revealed himself.

"Princess Yuefu, I'm here to greet you." Li Wangsheng did not attack. Instead, he bowed slightly, looking very polite.

"You're indeed the pride of the Nest of 10,000 Dragons, to be able to discover me."

Lou Baiyue's concealment technique was broken, but she was not surprised. She looked around slightly, but did not find Gu Chensha. She was puzzled.

"Sh * t!"

Gu Chensha was in the Sun Moon Altar, observing everything before him. Although he was safe, Lou Baiyue was forced out by the other party. Gu Chensha knew that things were not good.

While Lou Baiyue's cultivation was strong, she was definitely not a match for these three fiendish demons.

She could deal with Heng Budong, but she would definitely lose to Yuan Shasheng, not to mention Li Wangsheng. Looking at his aura, Li Wangsheng seemed to be almost the same as Fa Wuxian.

He was thinking about how to save Lou Baiyue without exposing his Sun Moon Altar, but it was difficult. Either Yuan Shasheng or Li Wangsheng could kill him in an instant.

Even if Heng Budong couldn't do anything to him just now, if he used his trump card, he would die without a burial place.

"Princess Yuefu, how about I invite you to the Nest of 10,000 Dragons?" Li Wangsheng's tone was gentle.

"You're really bold."

Lou Baiyue said, "You know that I'm Princess Yuefu of the imperial court, but you still attacked me here. Aren't you afraid of the imperial court?" "The imperial court?"

Li Wangsheng laughed, "The Nest of 10,000 Dragons has been the holy land of the demon race since ancient times, ruling over thousands of demons and demons. Even the ancient saints and ancient emperors dare not offend us. Although the imperial court is strong, they can't do anything to us. Besides, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is busy with his own affairs. He's gone too far this time. He wants all the immortal dao to belong to the imperial court and forbids the immortal dao from accepting disciples from the common people.

Isn't that cutting off the immortal dao's foundation? A few old monsters hiding in the depths of the void, like Heavenly Lord Yuan Gu, Heavenly Lord Pu Tuo, and Heavenly Lord Victorious, are all returning to the Land of Infinity.

When that time comes, the immortal dao sects might not listen to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's orders. " "These three old monsters are still alive?

But tens of thousands of years ago, they presided over countless wars between immortals and demons, guided the ancient emperors, and even many human saints studied under them. "

Yuan Shasheng's expression changed, "If these three old monsters appear, I'm afraid it's not a blessing for the evil dao."

"Don't worry, the immortal, demonic, and demonic paths are working together to deal with the Heavenly Talisman Emperor." Li Wangsheng said, "Even the heavens are against him." "What three old monsters?"

Lou Baiyue laughed, "Even if they were ten times stronger, they still wouldn't be His Majesty's match. Even the Heavenly Dao would be twisted, you small fries are just like mantises trying to stop a chariot." "Princess Yuefu, I know you are loyal to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, but you are not my match."

Li Wangsheng said, "To be honest, if it wasn't for the Heavenly Talisman Emperor suppressing the Heavenly Dao, I wouldn't have come out.

Now, he had to take advantage of the fact that he was too preoccupied to eliminate the chess pieces he had set up.

You can master the Great Massacre God Art, your cultivation will increase with each passing day. In a few more years, I'm afraid even I won't be able to do anything to you. But don't worry, I won't kill you, as long as you return to the Nest of 10,000 Dragons and become a member of the demonic race. " "And if I say no?" Lou Baiyue said.

"Then don't blame me." Li Wangsheng waved his hand, "Yuan Shasheng, don't interfere in this matter." "I want this woman too."

Yuan Shasheng licked his lips, "This person can actually master the Great Massacre God Art. If I capture her, I can use all kinds of demonic methods to pluck her clean, absorb her Innate Stellar Energy, and double my cultivation." "The Great Massacre God Art's Stellar Energy can destroy everything."

Li Wangsheng said, "My father has fought with the Heavenly Talisman Emperor many times, he knows how powerful this art is. Even if you capture this woman, her counterattack is extremely powerful, you won't be able to absorb it."

"Li Wanlong should have died in the hands of His Majesty. If it wasn't for Peacock, the Nest of 10,000 Dragons would have been destroyed. How dare you call yourself the sacred land of the demonic race. "

Lou Baiyue secretly activated her mystic art, her whole body was filled with black Stellar Energy, and above her head, a black lotus the size of half an acre appeared. Whoosh! She launched an attack. Facing three great experts, she actually counterattacked. Her target was not Li Wangsheng or Yuan Shasheng, but Heng Budong.

"Heng Budong, how dare you betray the imperial court and collude with these demons. If that's the case, I'll kill you." Hum … With a biting cold aura, she appeared in front of Heng Budong in an instant.

Heng Budong seemed to be prepared, his whole body was covered in a thick bloody light, a few huge bloody vortexes appeared in front of him, forming a dense defense. Within the bloody vortexes, there were even many faces of demons.

However, Lou Baiyue's body was shrouded in black light, and the black lotus above his head seemed to be able to disintegrate all innate energy. The blood-red vortex that had never moved was torn apart like a piece of paper in front of the innate energy. Then, Lou Baiyue's palm slammed hard on his chest.

"Eternal Strike!"

Heng Budong's palm changed color, there was pure gold in the bloody red, the combination of good and evil, he clashed with Lou Baiyue's palm. Bang!

Heng Budong retreated again and again, the bloody Stellar Energy all over his body sputtering in all directions. No martial art could block the God-Slaying Stellar Energy.

Especially the black lotus formed by the God-Slaying Stellar Energy above Lou Baiyue's head, it could absorb almost any attack and disintegrate all Stellar Energy.

That lotus was pure black, the darkness of the universe before it was born, the most primordial gloomy darkness.

While Heng Budong was retreating, Lou Baiyue struck out with another palm, attacking continuously. Suddenly, black light enveloped everything.

Heng Budong's eyes narrowed, and he activated his hand seals. His whole body turned from bloody red to a golden human figure, golden flames burning, and a "Heng" character was written on his palm. The two great experts exchanged blows three or four times in an instant.

Heng Budong was actually able to block Lou Baiyue's attacks. Although he was at a disadvantage, Lou Baiyue was not able to completely defeat him.

"Lou Baiyue, you can't do anything to me. Your Realm is just too low. "

Heng Budong was furious, but he couldn't do anything to Lou Baiyue. Even with his Dao Realm Twelve Transformation Soul Snatching Cultivation, he was actually being suppressed by Lou Baiyue.

"Enough!" Just at that moment, Li Wangsheng pressed down with his palm. Honglong!

A giant dragon claw flew out from his body. It had five fingers and each finger shone with lightning. Talismans swirled and thunder boomed. It was as if there was lightning striking down from the nine heavens. The dragon claw was as quick as lightning and it reached Lou Baiyue's head in an instant. The black lotus was shattered by the dragon claw. Pui!