Chapter 96
==========

Meanwhile, Long Yuyun had bought dozens of manors along the Great Stone Wall, and it was difficult to estimate the value of those manors.

Back when he had built the Great Wall of Stone, none of the aristocratic families had been optimistic about it. They felt that he was too ambitious and that he would definitely make life difficult for the people. They had not expected that he would actually use his own strength to suppress the many evil gods of the Wilderness and miraculously build the Great Wall of Stone. Long Yuyun's eyes had already surpassed those of the aristocratic families.

"The price of land here is even higher than the capital."

Gu Chensha sized up the manor and discovered that the servants and maidservants in the manor were all skilled in martial arts. They took care of everything in an orderly manner. There were even barbarian slaves in shackles working in the manor.

"Of course. Although the Wilderness is dangerous, there are treasures everywhere. There are more business opportunities here than in the capital. Who doesn't want to buy land and start a business here? Even if it's a small shop, the monthly income would be a considerable amount. "

Long Yuyun smiled, "There are more and more people here. They are all adventuring in the Wilderness. They sell food, medicine, weapons, armor, and bows. The sales are huge. They make a lot of money. " "It is indeed getting more and more popular."

Gu Chensha nodded. This time, he had marched in the Savage Forest for a month, and he already knew that the forest was filled with treasures. As long as he could survive, he would be able to strike it rich. Who knew how many people would be attracted to this place. "Take my Prefecture King's command medallion and go to the branch of the Celestial Craft Institute here. Invite their managers here to discuss business." "Don't you have goods to sell? Where? "Long Yuyun asked.

"Naturally, there will be goods." Gu Chensha passed the regional king's token to her and told her to go quickly.

After Long Yuyun left, he found a large hall and dismissed everyone. Then, he took out the thousand chests he had obtained from the Peach County Celestial Temple from the Altar of Sun and Moon.

He wasn't afraid that Long Yuyun's men would peek. After he reached the Dao Realm, no peeping could escape his eyes.

Only after reaching the Dao Realm did he understand the wonders of the Sun Moon Refinement and Sun Moon Transformations. He activated the Sun Moon Refinement and immediately spiritual energy poured down, fusing into his blood. Now, his blood had already become radiant with the light of the sun and moon, as though it was about to transform.

Furthermore, his blood was a very miraculous thing. Its effects were only slightly inferior to the Heavenly Dew, surpassing that of the Spirit Liquid.

According to the ancient records, when a person who cultivated the Son of Heaven's God Bestowment Art to a certain degree, their blood would turn into the "Sun-Moon Dragon Blood", which was one of the best spirit medicines in the world.

Although Gu Chensha had not reached small success, he had the characteristics of the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood. Therefore, when he refined the magic treasure, it would strengthen the magic treasure significantly.

A thousand boxes were placed in the hall. When he opened them, he discovered that there was indeed a large number of Blood Strengthening Pills and Tyrant Blood Pills. There was also a high-grade Herculean Bull Leather Armor. This armor was very light and could cover the entire body. Blades and swords couldn't break it. Its effect was comparable to the Battle Python Armor, but it couldn't compare to the Horned Dragon Armor.

Apart from that, the most precious items were bricks. These bricks were blood-red in color, and the faint roars of ferocious beasts could be heard.

"This is a Beast Soul Stone!"

Gu Chensha was a little shocked. The so-called Beast Soul Stone was made by using a special secret method to use God Power to seal the beast's soul in a high-quality jade stone. This stone's spiritual waves were very strong, and it was much better to use it to set up a Spirit Gathering Formation than jade stones.

After reaching Dao Realm, he had a deep understanding of the Spirit Gathering Formation. The formation he set up was even more exquisite. If he had these Beast Soul Stones, then the Spirit Gathering Formation he set up would have dense spiritual energy that ordinary formations couldn't compare to.

Using the Beast Soul Stones to set up a Spirit Gathering Formation would be ten times more effective than using top-grade jade stones.

There were a total of 500 boxes, and they were all filled with such Beast Soul Stones. Each box had about 30 pieces.

He took out 99 pieces and set up the Spirit Gathering Formation in the hall. According to the Five Elements, Yin Yang, and Eight Trigrams, he carefully felt the spiritual waves of the Beast Soul Stones. With a slight shift, the magnetic field of the Beast Soul Stones would condense into a point. The air in the center would explode, and the formation would move without any wind. Waves of spiritual energy would leak out. They were extremely strong, and there was even a smell of mist.

At this moment, if he stuck a Heavenly Dragon Spirit Gathering Flag in it, it would immediately turn into large amounts of Spirit Liquid.

"I definitely can't sell these Beast Soul Stones."

Gu Chensha immediately made up his mind. "This stone is definitely a treasure of the barbarian race. They actually sent 500 boxes over. They are trying to establish a foundation in Peach County."

The Beast Soul Stones were shaped like bricks, and they could be used to build all sorts of buildings.

There were a total of 1,500 Beast Soul Stones here. If they were set up into a formation, with the Glass Jade Body Skeleton and the Egg Stone as the core, it would probably be able to strengthen the Horned Dragon Armor.

He repeatedly played around with the Beast Soul Stones and set up all sorts of Spirit Gathering Formations to increase his understanding of spiritual energy, spacetime, mental energy, heaven and earth, and physical properties.

After consuming the Seven Saint Heart Cultivation Pill, his intelligence increased, and his thinking became more agile. His method of setting up Spirit Gathering Formations became more exquisite, and he could turn something rotten into something magical.

In the Son of Heaven Sealing God Art's Sun and Moon Refining Technique, there were also formations. Other than that, the Great Spirit God Technique, Maha Suppression Scripture, and Chaotic World Demon Book also had formations.

He comprehended all the formations and mastered them thoroughly. In the future, when he cultivated, his every move and every move would be in harmony with the Heavenly Dao, and his breathing rhythm would be in perfect harmony with the surroundings. Gradually, his martial arts improved by a lot. After an unknown number of hours had passed, Long Yuyun returned with a man in tow.

This person wore a white robe and had his chest puffed out. His shoulders were broad, and there seemed to be dragons and elephants circling around him. He looked like he could send mountains flying, and one could feel the boundless power coming from him without looking.

"Xiangshan Masao greets Monarch Chen."

The man cupped his hands. There was a small golden dragon embroidered on his white robe, and his status seemed to be on the same level as Gu Chensha.

"Xiangshan Sect Master."

Gu Chensha didn't dare to be negligent. This person was no small matter. The dragon embroidered on his white robe meant that he was a "Dragon Craftsman", and his status was comparable to that of a prince. He didn't even need to greet a prince.

There was a hierarchy in the Celestial Designer Institute, and it was a system independent of the imperial court. It reported directly to the emperor, and it was divided into craftsmen, master craftsmen, spirit craftsmen, dragon craftsmen, immortal craftsmen, and god craftsmen.

The status of a dragon craftsman was extremely high, and they were once famous tyrants. They were all subdued by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor and worked for him wholeheartedly.

This Xiangshan Masao was the sect master of the overseas Xiangshan Sect. The Xiangshan Sect was famous for its mechanical arts, and it occupied a large island with a radius of hundreds of thousands of miles. It was ruled by tens of millions of people, and it was either a country or a sect. Before the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was the emperor, this sect had already been silently supporting him. It could be said that they had worked hard and contributed greatly to the emperor.

Furthermore, this Xiangshan Masao's aura was even more terrifying than Yi Ming's, and he was also an expert.

He was the person in charge of the Celestial Designer Institute's branch in Sky Bearing Pass, and held great authority in the institute. This person's status wasn't below that of Marquis Dashi. Today, he came personally to give face.

Long Yuyun looked at the boxes, pills, leather armors, and beast soul stones in the room, and was once again shocked. She hurriedly summoned her trusted aide, and that aide was also at a loss. There was obviously no one transporting anything in, but there was actually a room full of goods.

"Beast soul stones, good stuff."

Xiangshan Masao's eyes lit up, and he could also tell that these were treasures. "Your Highness, it seems like you have obtained quite a lot of goods from the expedition against the barbarians. The blood strengthening pills and blood tyrant pills are still acceptable, and their effects aren't even as good as our Peiyuan Pills and Vitality Enhancement Pills.

How about you name a price for these beast soul stones, and our Celestial Designer Institute will take them all. "

The blood strengthening pills and blood tyrant pills were nothing in the eyes of the Celestial Designer Institute, but they were in short supply among the commoners. As long as the news spread out, countless rich and powerful families would come begging for them. It was the same for the herculean bull armor.

"If Lord Xiangshan has the beast soul stones, will you sell them?" Gu Chensha laughed.

"Your Highness, I heard from your subordinates that you have come to discuss a big deal with me this time."

Xiangshan Masao's expression was businesslike. "Your Highness, you also know the rules of the Celestial Designer Institute. Unless the Emperor personally issues an edict, all nobles and princes are to bid openly." "I know that."

Gu Chensha took out a map. "I have conquered the barbarian tribe, and it is right here. Now I want the Celestial Designer Institute to build a road to that place, and then help me build a fief castle. In addition, I want to buy some things from the Celestial Designer Institute." "Build a road?"

Xiangshan Masao looked at the map. "This road is thousands of miles long. If it is built for three to five years, it won't cost much." "Three to five years? That won't do. "

Gu Chensha shook his head. "I know that the Celestial Designer Institute has a way to build a road quickly. Otherwise, they wouldn't have been able to build the Great Stone Wall of more than 100,000 miles in just a few years."

The Great Stone Wall was like a mountain, and people standing in front of it were like ants. Even building one mile was much more difficult than building a road for thousands of miles, let alone 100,000 miles.

"We do have a way to build a road quickly, but it costs a lot. Let's see what price Your Highness is willing to pay.

The width of the road and the size of the city all have different prices. We have to give Your Highness the blueprints. In addition, now that the Emperor has ordered the construction outside the pass, we have to pay a higher price if we want to transfer manpower … "Xiangshan Masao was still looking at the beast soul stones, but he didn't speak. He looked at Gu Chensha's hand.

There was a golden bottle in his hand. When the bottle was opened, there was a pill shining with colorful light.

"Seven Sacred Refinement Pill!" The light in Xiangshan Masao's eyes became more intense.

"Yes, this is the pill. Lord Xiangshan has a keen eye." Gu Chensha nodded. "I wonder how much this pill is worth? Is it enough to build a road and a castle? As far as I know, this pill can't be bought even with money. "