Chapter 1087
============

Immortal Foundation Stone Chapter 1082

"Good, good, good, this is simply too good."

Translator: Atlas Studios Editor: Atlas Studios When Gu Chensha saw Zhou Yang reach Supreme Immortal Realm, a lot of information, data, and experience of reaching Supreme Immortal Realm entered his mind. After many calculations, he finally had a solid foundation stone. In Gu Chensha's mind, a pyramid appeared. This thing was at the first level of Immortal Realm.

Each level was very sturdy. At the top of the pyramid, bricks were used to build Supreme Immortal Realm.

However, the construction wasn't complete yet. It seemed to lack some bricks as a foundation. But Zhou Yang's Immortal Realm gave the ninth level of the pyramid another foundation stone. Mister Wu Wu's face changed when he saw the pyramid.

"You, you used all the people who reached Supreme Immortal Realm as the foundation for you to reach Immortal Realm level 10? In other words, even I am one of your stones? "Mister Wu Wu spat out the words with difficulty.

"Yes, that's right. But it's just a module. It's like building a house. Have you seen the science universe?

Technological civilization is never built in one go. Instead, it has to be built layer by layer. From the steam engine to the fuel engine, then to the electric power, then to the nuclear power, and finally to the energy block, space power, and so on. It's impossible to make a big leap from the steam engine to the nuclear power in one go. Right now, if I want to reach level 10, I have to stabilize the foundation of level 9 so that I can mass produce the ninth level, instead of relying on chance. As long as I can mass produce the ninth level Supreme Immortal Realm, I will naturally reach level 10. That's the unchanging righteous path. But you won't understand it. "

Gu Chensha said, "Zhou Yang reached the Peerless Imperishable level, which gave my module a foundation. Later on, more people will be born to reach the Peerless Imperishable level, and my module will become clearer and more stable. Once the first layer of the house is built, the second layer will be ready.

Similarly, once the ninth level's framework is completed, the tenth level will naturally be completed. " "Terrifying, too terrifying."

Mister Endless roared, "Gu Chensha, you're not a person. No … no … you're not a thing, and you're not a non-thing. There are no words that can describe what you are."

"This is a little incoherent. However, my existence is indeed difficult for you to describe. I can understand how terrifying you are right now. In your understanding, you think that my strength is actually not that far off from yours. At most, I'm just a little bit stronger than you. However, you don't know that you and I are no longer on the same level. In reality, the gap between us is indescribably large."

Gu Chensha said slowly, "My reasoning. The module that I've built is actually just lacking the biggest cornerstone. I think you know what this cornerstone is."

"This cornerstone is the birth of the old world's main character. His birth will make your ninth level module complete. If I'm not wrong, when the old world's main character is born, you'll be able to comprehend the tenth level of Immortal Realm, right?"

Mister Endless said, "However, Gu Chensha, although I don't know what's going on with the tenth level of Immortal Realm, I have a feeling that it's very difficult. It's not that simple. You'll definitely have to endure a tribulation, and that tribulation is enough to kill you. Perhaps everything you've done will pave the way for the main character. "

"Yes, there is such a tribulation. However, this tribulation is also a part of the cornerstone for me."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Mister Endless, you will never understand my current realm. Even if I tell you, you won't understand. How about this, I'll let you watch." As he spoke, he removed the seal and disappeared with a shake of his body.

Mister Endless finally heaved a sigh of relief. He felt that when Zhou Yang had advanced to the Peerless Immortal Realm, Gu Chensha's strength had become even more terrifying. If he had tried to kill them, they would have been in big trouble. They might even have died. They wouldn't have been able to perish together.

"Why is this person so terrifying? Why was such a terrifying existence born in this world?" Mister Endless was still in shock.

Originally, these four people were great existences born from a supreme origin. It was impossible for them to have emotions. However, after staying in the multiverse for a long time, it was inevitable that they would be contaminated by human emotions. What was even more terrifying was that Gu Chensha had repeatedly suppressed them, causing their schemes to fail time and time again. This caused them to unknowingly feel disheartened, as if they couldn't be defeated. This way, Gu Chensha could make plans to subdue them.

Actually, refining and killing these four people wouldn't benefit Gu Chensha at all. Subduing these four people would allow them to completely abandon the old world and welcome the new world. This would be Gu Chensha's greatest victory.

"Don't worry, the greatest existence is about to be born." Mister Endless looked into the depths of the endless void. There was still a huge and terrifying origin wriggling. That terrifying origin seemed to occasionally condense into a human face.

This face belonged to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor Gu Taxian. However, his expression was ferocious, as if he wanted to destroy and devour all things. He wanted to destroy the world and reincarnate again and again.

"This is the product of the fusion between Gu Taxian and the old world's Heavenly Dao."

Mister Endless said, "It also gave birth to us. Actually, the birth of Gu Taxian was a desire deep in the hearts of countless living beings. Even they themselves didn't know about it. After countless times of brewing, this anthropomorphic thing was finally born."

"That's right. But now, this thing has already transformed. It has transformed into another thing. We are also separated from him and have our own consciousness."

Mister Endless said, "Next, we have to speed up our actions. Right now, the four of us aren't Gu Chensha's match even if we join forces. Only when the true main character appears and we unite around him can we destroy him."

"Gu Chensha is indeed powerful now, but he also has many enemies at the Undying Realm. The four of us, Zhao Jiangshan, and that Zhou Yang all want him dead." Mister Endless said, "This is also something we can use." "That makes sense. Let's move." The four of them flickered and disappeared into the void.

"Next, let's see who can obtain my Emperor Heaven's pill."

Gu Chensha returned to the new world and observed the depths of the multiverse. Countless data once again gathered in his mind.

In the multiverse, no matter who ascended to the Undying Realm, Gu Chensha's strength would increase by a lot.

This was because the experience of ascending to the Undying Realm would fuse with his modules, giving him many benefits.

At this very moment, in the depths of the Nine Mysterious Cosmos, in a cosmos that was still fusing, there were countless cars on the streets. This was a technological cosmos.

Because Zhou Yang had devoured many other cosmos, the Nine Mysterious Cosmos had become a super-colossal cosmos. However, the devoured cosmos were slowly fusing together. It wasn't as if heaven and earth would shatter in an instant. Many of the original inhabitants of these cosmos didn't know what was happening. They wouldn't know for hundreds, thousands, or even millions of years. After all, the lifeforms of a cosmos were too small.

For example, the city streets were filled with high-rise buildings, and the universe they were in was a large-scale universe called the "Materialistic Universe".

This large-scale cosmos had countless planets, a vast starry sky, and all sorts of dimensions. This city was just a small piece of land on a small planet. This small planet was called the Azure Planet.

It was a technologically advanced planet, but it wasn't very advanced. It hadn't entered the interstellar era yet. This city was called the Upper River City. The humans and lifeforms on this planet didn't even know that their cosmos had changed like this.

"Am I, Wei Jia, so useless? I can't even protect the woman I love. Zhang Tianhao, I'm not done with you. "

On the side of the road, a drunk young man sat on the ground and roared. The passersby all took a detour. Some of them looked at him with disdain. "Another lovelorn fool."

The sky gradually darkened, and the cars on the road lessened. At this time, a car stopped by the side of the road, and a few hoodlums with clubs got out. The young man called Wei Jia seemed to have woken up immediately.

"What do you want?" He looked at the hooligans with sticks in their hands in a panic.

"Kid, you offended our Young Master Hao, and now you want to steal his woman? Do you want to die? Who is Young Master Hao? "

The leader of the hoodlums had bulging muscles and fierce tattoos all over his body. He wore a big gold chain, and a vicious smile appeared on his face. "Kid, don't blame me. If you want to blame someone, blame yourself for being blind." Then, his club fell. Crack. Wei Jia screamed in pain. His arms and legs were all broken.

"Throw him into the trash can in the alley," the leader of the hoodlums ordered. The hoodlums seemed to have done this often, and they were very efficient. At this time, Wei Jia had already fainted.

"Let's go!" The hoodlums got into the car and left.

At this time, the void suddenly split open, and a pill entered Wei Jia's body. In an instant, all of Wei Jia's injuries automatically healed, and his body released a powerful force. Bang! He jumped up and lightly stepped on the ground. Instantly, cracks appeared on the ground.

"I … What happened to me …" Wei Jia looked at his hands in shock.