Chapter 670
===========

"Working with the Pacifying Immortal Agency does have its benefits." Xing Qiong thought for a while. "The plan you just mentioned is watertight.

And I do need the Pacifying Immortal Agency's sacrifices. Right now, it controls a lot of people, and it's good at running a country. If it can be sacrificed to me, I'll be able to form a medium-size world. "

"Sacrificing you isn't a problem, but you have to do something for the court and the country. As long as you've done something, we can sacrifice you. I'm going to build a Hall of Heroes to worship heroes who've done great things for the country and humanity. One hall is a world. In the world of the Hall of Heroes, sacrifices will be made according to how much you've done. "

Gu Chensha said, "If Master Xing Qiong can merge with the divine land, you'll definitely make the greatest contribution. The sacrifices you make will be unparalleled in history." "I need to think about this carefully."

Xing Qiongshi's body suddenly moved. Instantly, the minor chiliocosm behind him started to shrink and enter this incarnation. Xing Qiongshi's face changed once again, turning into a gentlemanly man dressed in simple hemp garments and straw sandals. There was no baleful aura about him at all. Anyone who saw him would think that he was the most ancient Daoist sage or a grand scholar. No one would think that he was the number one fiend of the Divine Prefecture, someone who had torn apart several Heavenly Sons in the ancient times.

"Xing Qiong's cultivation has improved again. Working with him is a double-edged sword. It hurts both sides. I have to make good use of it."

Gu Chensha was shocked. What he was doing was dancing on the tip of a knife. He was asking a tiger for its skin and inviting a wolf into his house. If he wasn't careful, he'd fall into Xing Qiong's trap. This was a battle of wits and courage.

Gu Chensha was more than happy to play such a dangerous game. Moreover, his strength had increased greatly, and he had also obtained all of the ancient Buddhist Sect's civilization. His every move could be prepared according to Xing Qiongshi's mentality, and he could make all sorts of changes at will.

His cultivation was far from being a match for Xing Qiongshi, but in the depths of his heart, he had a feeling that he could control Xing Qiongshi. He had a feeling similar to the ancient School of Vertical and Horizontal. They used their silver tongues to roam freely among the feudal vassals. With a single word, they could destroy a country, and with a single word, they could bring about prosperity. This was the pinnacle of the human heart. After figuring this out, Gu Chensha had a vague feeling that he was about to have a breakthrough.

Grasping the human heart was more difficult than comprehending the Heavenly Dao, so the final move of the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art was "All Beings Are United".

This time, he came to Xing Qiongshi after careful consideration. This was the only thing that could convince Xing Qiongshi. The temptation of the 100th layer of the Divine Land's Body was enough to make Xing Qiongshi give up everything.

"It's normal to think about it carefully. Such a big matter has to be investigated."

Gu Chensha said, "However, I'd like to learn the secrets of the 99th level of the Divine Prefecture Technique from Lord Xing Qiong. That way, I'll be able to better understand the Central Divine Prefecture and prepare for our plans." "At the end of the day, you still want to learn the secrets of the Divine Land Revolution from me?"

A meaningful look appeared on Xing Qiongshi's face. "That's not impossible. I'll need your help to fuse the Divine Continent's techniques. In any case, you've already learned the seventy-two stages of my Divine Continent Technique. What's the harm in teaching you the rest of the techniques?

Not only will I teach you the secrets of the 99th level, but I'll also teach you the secrets of the 100th level. Let's see if you can help me comprehend the 100th level.

Since you've cultivated the Heavenly Dao Art, you're a perfect test subject. Even if you hadn't made this request, I would've still taught you the Divine Continent Technique. It's best that you make this request now. "

As he spoke, Xing Qiongshi's eyes flickered, and a peerlessly profound comprehension of the Divine Land was transmitted to him.

Gu Chensha's mind jolted, and he completely accepted this profound intent. Sure enough, this was the secret to fusing the 99th level of the Divine Land's Body with the 100th level. He immediately began to calculate, and he gained a more detailed understanding of the Divine Land's Body. He obtained even more resources, which he couldn't digest in a short time.

"How is the Divine Land's Body? Compared to the Great Massacre Divine Art, how is it lacking? "Xing Qiongshi asked.

"I can't judge that for now, because I haven't cultivated the Great Massacre Divine Art to the highest level yet."

Gu Chensha said, "How about this, Lord Xing Qiongshi can come to my dimensional realm and have a chat. How about we talk about important matters?

At that time, it's not just the Great Massacre Divine Art, but even the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art, the ancient Buddhist Sect's secret techniques, and even the various techniques I've obtained. Lord Xing Qiongshi can take a look at them, and even practice and learn them. " "Oh? Your Calm Celestial Department is actually so generous? "Xing Qiongshi was a little moved.

"All rivers run into the sea, and those who are tolerant are great. Cultivation techniques don't represent everything. On the contrary, having a profound cultivation technique can actually be a burden at times. At Lord Xing Qiongshi's level, cultivation techniques are actually not important anymore."

Gu Chensha said, "Could it be that Xing Qiongshi thinks that I'm setting up a trap to trap and kill you?"

"If you save up for a few more decades and expand the world to another level, your population will surpass a hundred billion, and your dimensional realm will be filled with a huge amount of faith energy. You really might have the ability to trap and kill me, but it's still too early. I want to see what your dimensional realm is like. "

Xing Qiongshi naturally wasn't afraid. His cultivation had reached the Celestial Longevity Realm, and even the Immortal Slaying God Flying Dagger hadn't been able to kill him. The two quickly passed through the space-time turbulence and arrived near the Land of Infinity.

Because of the Endless World's suppression, the surrounding space-time turbulence was a peaceful harbor, perfect for a dimensional realm to anchor. The two directly entered the dimensional realm and arrived in front of the World Tree.

At this time, the powerhouses of the Calm Celestial Department's alliance received the news and came out to greet them.

"Lord Xing Qiongshi, it's my honor to have you come to my dimensional realm. I hope that we can work together and create a situation that has never been seen before." Zhuge Ya took the lead.

"Two Lords of Seven Stars." Xing Qiongshi glanced at Zhuge Ya and nodded. "Not bad, not bad at all.

The enmity between me and Jiang Gongwang was actually very simple. But now that Jiang Gongwang has merged with this dimensional realm, and you've inherited all of his profundities, the enmity of the past is written off. "

Afterwards, his gaze swept over many people in front of him: Tai Xuan Du, Ji Qingwu, Lou Baiyue, Gu Huasha, and finally stopped on Wen Hong's face. He looked him up and down. "As expected of the Son of Heaven's Will. Although you didn't receive the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, it's actually a good thing. Otherwise, if you become the Son of Heaven, you'll have to bear the burden of karma. You'll definitely die in the future, and your cultivation will all be absorbed by the talisman. Since ancient times, the Son of Heaven has never had a good ending. It seems that the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor treats you well.

I can't do such a divine art. From this, it can be seen that his cultivation has already surpassed our imaginations. If I can see him in person, my life won't be in vain. "

As he spoke, Xing Qiongshi looked at the highest point of the dimensional realm. There was a golden plate that shone like a blazing sun.

This was the golden plate that even Wan Senshi, the three Celestial Sovereigns, and countless other powerful existences feared. They couldn't resist it at all.

The words "as if I were here in person" were written on it, and they displayed an unfathomable power.

Even with Xing Qiongshi's current cultivation, he knew that if he tried to grab this golden plate, it would be difficult for him to withstand its counterattack. He was eager to try, but in the end, he didn't. After a long time, he sighed.

Everyone present saw his reaction, and they looked at each other. They knew that this peerless savage was still afraid.

"Amazing, amazing, amazing."

Xing Qiongshi sat under the World Tree and said amazing three times. Then, his gaze softened. "Chang Weiyang actually fought Dou Yiyu to the death. He found a good opponent and wants to break through to the Celestial Sovereign level. I just don't know who won and who lost." "You can't even divine this."

Gu Chensha said, "Since Lord Xing Qiongshi has come to our dimensional realm as a guest, it means that all grudges of the past have been written off. I wonder if Lord Xing Qiongshi wants to take back the Divine Prefecture Ominous Armor?" "Wu Dangkong has already joined forces with the Dharma Saint."

Xing Qiongshi seemed to know a lot of information. "The Dharma Saint's wife is actually the daughter of the Primordial Heart Demon, the highest ancestor of the Celestial Demon Clan.

The descendants of the Legalists also have the bloodline of the Celestial Demon, so the Dharma Saint wants to push for his Spirit and Demon Fusion plan. " "There's actually such a thing?"

Although Gu Chensha had received a lot of information, this was the first time he had heard of this. From this, it could be seen how deeply the Dharma Saint had hidden himself.

"This is really shocking news. Even I didn't expect it. If that's the case, then it can explain why the Dharma Saint was able to obtain the support of the Celestial Demon Clan." Wen Hong's eyes flashed.

"I know the structure of the Celestial Demon Clan in the Ancient Era, and there are also secrets in the Buddhist Sect's information."

Gu Chensha said, "But I don't know the structure of the Celestial Demon Clan now. After all, the Ancient Buddhist Sect was also severed in the Ancient Era. Now, many Buddhas have actually died, and the Paramita Golden Mountain is just an instinctive will." "That's right."

Xing Qiongshi nodded. "Although the Dharma Saint is a junior, his schemes are no less than the Three Great Celestial Masters'. In truth, he has already secretly fallen in love with the Heavenly Demon Clan, and that woman has control over the highest decisions of the Celestial Demon Clan. Of course, even many of the old antiques in the Celestial Demon Clan might not know about this. The reason why he hasn't made a move yet is because he is still cultivating a most crucial technique. He wants to refine the Primordial Demon Heart left behind by the Primordial Heart Demon. This Primordial Demon Heart is a relic left behind by the Primordial Heart Demon, and not only does it contain the highest secrets of the demonic path, it also holds the key to the Celestial Demon Clan's dimensional realm. If he refines it, he will truly be able to control the Celestial Demon Clan's dimensional realm.