Chapter 500
===========

Such a huge commotion had occurred in the Sin Province, and the god-level Buddhist bigwig had circulated his divine power to communicate with the heavens, transforming it into an enormous golden heavenly pillar, purifying the devil, and building a temple. The school of Legalism was the first to notice this series of changes. At this moment, two people stood at the peak of the school of Legalism's iron mountain. One of them was Fa Wuxian.

The other was a middle-aged man. His appearance was simple and unadorned, and he seemed otherworldly. However, he also contained the vicissitudes of the human world, the transformations of the cycles of the sun and moon, the mysteries of the division of order, and the principles of the growth of all living things. There was only one person in the school of Legalism who could have this kind of temperament.

He was the "Dharma Saint" who had dominated the world, established the laws, and even the ancient Heavenly Sons had to question him.

Even Fa Wuxian's arrogance and unyielding nature was subservient in front of the middle-aged Dharma Saint. He didn't dare to show any arrogance, and instead had the attitude of learning humbly.

"Wuxian, you're a natural-born saint, and the most talented disciple of the school of Legalism. What do you think about the appearance of the Buddhist sects in the Sin Province?" the Dharma Saint asked Fa Wuxian.

"Your Excellency Dharma Saint," Fa Wuxian said respectfully. "The appearance of the primordial Buddhist sects could very well threaten the position of the school of Legalism. However, with Your Excellency Dharma Saint's divine abilities, you probably aren't any weaker than the primordial supreme Buddha. Why don't you go and suppress them now to prevent future troubles?" "My magic power has yet to recover. Compared to the supreme Buddha, there's still a bit of a gap."

The Dharma Saint seemed to be intentionally nurturing Fa Wuxian. "On the other hand, after you were defeated by Jing Qiu, you reflected on your painful defeat and comprehended transformations. You finally broke through to the Twenty-Three Transformations realm and obtained the secrets of time. It must have been hard on you."

"Your disciple is ashamed to have been defeated by Jing Qiu. Once your disciple cultivates all the transformations, I'll personally take Jing Qiu's head. Of course, there's also Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and everyone else in the Celestial Tranquility Department. Especially the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya! And that Dou Nineteen! "

The killing intent on Fa Wuxian's body intensified, as if he was an executioner carrying out the law. "This time, while Lord Dharma Saint was resurrected, The Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor actually came to attack us. That Dou Nineteen actually disguised himself and hid, relying on the might of the three Heavenly Venerables to bully others and steal so many treasures of our school of Legalism: the Hong Meng Holy Pill, the Law Tree, the Three Realms Seal, the Myriad Shattering Rod, the Minor Thunderclap Temple, and the Minor Muni Buddhist Pagoda. These six elixir treasures.

Just thinking about it makes my heart ache. If these six magic treasures were in my hands, I would definitely be able to bring our school of Legalism to greater heights. "

Even though Fa Wuxian had the potential to become a Saint, he was too arrogant and unruly. He was not liked by the school of Legalism, so the resources were not given to him. None of the thirteen Deity level ancestors of the school of Legalism liked Fa Wuxian.

Therefore, those precious elixir treasures of the school of Legalism would rather be stored in the Law Realms than be used by Fa Wuxian.

When the Dharma Saint heard Fa Wuxian's words, he smiled slightly. He knew that Fa Wuxian was complaining. However, he understood that the thirteen Deity level experts of the school of Legalism were right not to give them to Fa Wuxian. If Fa Wuxian had swallowed the Hong Meng Holy Pill and obtained powerful magic treasures like the Myriad Shattering Rod, he might have gotten into great trouble. By then, all the blame would be placed on the school of Legalism.

And as Fa Wuxian's strength increased, he might even be able to ride on the heads of those Deity level experts.

"Clans have their own rules. Everyone has their own thoughts. You should be able to understand."

The Dharma Saint would not blame the Deity level experts in the clan for Fa Wuxian. "Moreover, the six magic treasures that our school of Legalism lost might not have been done by Dou Nineteen. The conspiracy involved is very complicated, and it's hard to comprehend it completely." "What? It wasn't done by Dou Nineteen? "

Fa Wuxian was shocked. "Lord Dharma Saint, your magical arts have already reached a state where you can clearly see the past and comprehend the future. If you can't even divine what happened that day, it must have been the three Heavenly Venerables who used some method to obscure the heavenly secrets, right?" "That might not be the case."

The Warlock Saint said, "Even if the Three Great Celestial Venerables use techniques to conceal the secrets of the heavens, I would still be able to deduce some clues. Only those whose powers are far more profound than mine, or those whose realms I cannot comprehend, would be able to make my deductions blur."

"I'm afraid there's no one in this world who is far more profound than Lord Dharma Saint," Fa Wuxian hurriedly said.

"No, the Hong Meng Tree's Primordial Spirit, the Divine Continent's will, the Land of Infinity's will, the Prehistoric Dragon Sect's will, the powerful ancient creatures in the depths of chaos, and even the vast and unpredictable Heavenly Dao's will are far above mine."

The Dharma Saint said, "Of course, there's also Gu Taxian. If this person appears, even a thousand of me won't be a match for him." "Is Gu Taxian that powerful?"

Fa Wuxian said fiercely, almost losing his composure. "I know this person is extremely powerful, but in my calculations, he's only at the level of the Xing Qiong Clan."

The Dharma Saint said that even a thousand of him wouldn't be a match for Gu Taxian. What kind of concept was that?

If the Dharma Saint's current strength fully recovered, he would have already surpassed the Sages. He would even be comparable to one of the three Heavenly Venerables. Of course, this was taking into account his own strength.

The three Heavenly Venerables had accumulated strength for countless years. Among their disciples were countless God-level experts, Sages, and countless powerful Ancient Divine Beasts. They also had countless powerful Dharma treasures and puppets. If they really fought, the Dharma Saint would definitely not be a match for them.

The Dharma Saint was at a disadvantage because he had been at Dao Integration since ancient times. He was basically dead. Now that there was a huge loophole in the Heavenly Dao, coupled with the backup plan he had left behind, he had finally been resurrected. However, he had not made any arrangements for at least seven or eight thousand years.

The three Heavenly Venerables had been making arrangements since ancient times. The power and accumulation that they had built up was definitely not something that the Dharma Saint could compare to.

For example, if there were two Sages of the same realm, one would be a loner without any Dharma treasures, while the other would have a lot of disciples, countless formations and puppets refined in their Grotto-Heaven, and prayed day and night. How could they compete? They would probably defeat the loner Sage with just one move.

Although the Dharma Saint was not a loner, he often manifested himself and let his disciples forge all kinds of Dharma Realms. However, the management of the three Heavenly Venerables was simply incomparable.

Since ancient times, the three Heavenly Venerables had gained many advantages. The worlds that they managed had probably already become Boundless Worlds.

However, no matter what, a thousand Dharma Saints could definitely kill the three Heavenly Venerables into dregs a thousand times. However, they were still not a match for Gu Taxian? What did this mean?

"Gu Taxian is an existence that cannot be calculated. Even if I look into the past now, there is no such person in the past. The current world is also not like this. In other words, the past has already been changed. The river of time has already been distorted. "

The Dharma Saint had a shocked expression on his face. He had the same reaction as Xing Qiongshi. "I can't help but want to meet this person. Unfortunately, this person has already disappeared." "There is no such person in the past?"

Fa Wuxian had already reached the realm of looking into the past. He deeply understood the mysteries of time. "Unfortunately, this disciple has not reached the realm of divining the past of the world. I can only divining one thing, one person. However, the past is the past. It will not change.

What happened in the past cannot be reversed. How can the past not be the past that we have experienced? "

Fa Wuxian's words were like a tongue twister. Only those who had comprehended the mysteries of time could understand the meaning of this tongue twister. The Dharma Saint naturally understood it as well.

"I have divined the past. Right now, Wen Hong is the Son of Heaven. He has worked hard to unify the divine continent. He is also expanding his territory."

The Dharma Saint's tone caused Fa Wuxian's hairs to stand on end. Suddenly, he waved his hand and an orb of light appeared in front of him.

Within the orb of light, the divine continent's scenery appeared. It was completely different from the present. Wen Hong had unified the divine continent. As the Son of Heaven, he had offered sacrifices to the heavens many times. The gods in the sky had fought with each other, the barbarians and humans had fought, the Profound Immortal Sect had recruited disciples in the human world, and demons and devils had appeared in the human world.

Within this orb of light, the time dimension was the same as now. It was also the twenty-fifth year of Heavenly Talisman. After Wen Hong ascended to the throne, his era title was also called Heavenly Talisman.

"What is going on? Your disciple can't understand it at all. In the light of Lord Dharma Saint, there is no Gu Taxian, no Gu Chensha, no Calming Immortal Bureau, no Gu Family …" When Fa Wuxian saw the situation, his body shivered.

"Right now, we seem to have fallen into an endless nightmare. You might not feel it, but to me, it's like I'm in a dream. I clearly know that everything right now is fake, and I also know what the real situation is, but I just can't wake up. I can only struggle in this nightmare.

Not only me, the entire world, the divine continent, the endless land, countless dimensions, the chaos of heaven and earth, everything has fallen into this nightmare. The one who caused all of this is Gu Taxian.

Our universe has infinite dimensions and endless chaos. The time and space since ancient times and even the future can be seen as a whole. This whole is the Heavenly Dao.

If the Heavenly Dao is compared to a living creature, then Gu Taxian is a demon who came from nowhere. Now, he has invaded the Heavenly Dao and added his own ideas and will to the Heavenly Dao. "

The Dharma Saint said, "We don't know where Gu Taxian came from, and we don't know where he will go. He was born suddenly and dragged everything into a nightmare, an endless nightmare. The Gu Taxian you see on the surface is actually just a small part of him, just a drop in the ocean. His real body has never appeared, but he has invaded the Heavenly Dao. "

Fa Wuxian originally wanted to compete with Gu Taxian, the Great Emperor of Heavenly Talisman. That was how he got his name. But when he heard what the Dharma Saint said, even his fearless character became afraid. He even subconsciously thought that the three Holy Masters could not make him afraid. But now, his heart was in a ball.