Chapter 52
==========

However, Gu Chensha had done it.

His Sun and Moon Refining and Sun and Moon Transformation required a strong opponent to hone his skills. Last time, he had to use Sun and Moon Slaughter to end the battle quickly against Yin-Yang Scholar. Now, he was mainly stalling for time, fighting with Hundred-Poison Daoist and killing more barbarian soldiers.

Hundred-Poison Daoist was covered in poisonous gas. If he was lured into the barbarian soldiers, they would also die from the poison.

"Damn it, this kid's sword skills are really sharp. Although his strength is not as good as mine, it's exquisite and wonderful. Every time I attack, I feel like I can't use my full strength."

Hundred-Poison Daoist was very sullen. He blocked left and right with his pitch-black scepter. He could only block and not fight back.

The two of them rolled around and exchanged over a hundred moves. Many innocent barbarian soldiers were injured. Gu Chensha deliberately forced the Hundred Poisons Daoist into the crowd of soldiers. The poisonous gas spread, and in a short while, the number of soldiers poisoned was actually as many as a hundred.

"Poison is still the most terrifying. Releasing the poisonous gas, he can easily take down so many soldiers. I've exhausted all my strength and only managed to kill a hundred. I can't let Hundred-Poison Daoist live. Otherwise, who knows how many soldiers and civilians will suffer."

Gu Chensha's killing intent rose and his sword became even sharper. Sun and Moon Refining and Sun and Moon Transformation became one. Yin and Yang alternated, like a lover's entanglement, like the majesty of an army, like the craftiness of a poisonous snake, like the majesty of a thunderstorm, like the majesty of a sage, like the vicissitudes of history … Puchi!

Hundred-Poison Daoist's pitch-black scepter was cut in half and dozens of bloody marks appeared on his body. Fortunately, his martial arts were profound. He dodged repeatedly and finally escaped the range of the sword aura.

"Sun and Moon Refining, the heart as a furnace, creation as the work, all things as copper, the Sun and Moon Transformation, the body as the void, all changes in a single thought …" Gu Chensha was not willing to let him go. His heart was like the sun and moon, roaming the world, controlling yin and yang. He was completely immersed in the profound meaning of martial arts, forgetting himself and the outside world, unleashing all his potential.

This time, Hundred-Poison Daoist was under great pressure. He could not even escape and was about to die under the sword.

At this moment, a bloody figure sprang out from the barbarian soldiers. With a swing of his hand, a long whip broke through the layers of sword aura like a blood snake and arrived in front of Gu Chensha, forcefully blocking his attack.

"Blood Soul Sect Master."

Gu Chensha awoke from his intoxication with martial arts. He saw the bloody figure in front of him holding a blood-red whip and wearing a bright red robe. Even his eyebrows and hair were the color of blood, and his eyes were shining with a red light. He looked more like a human than a ghost. Without a doubt, he was one of the old devils, the Blood Soul Sect Master.

The four cult masters who stirred up trouble in Ba Nan Province were the Black Demon Bat, the Yin-Yang Scholar, the Hundred Poisons Daoist, and the Blood Soul Cult Master. Two of them had died in the hands of Gu Chensha, and the other two were right in front of him.

"Hundred Poisons, how could you be forced into such a state by a junior who hasn't even reached the Dao Realm? Even the Black Poison Staff was broken? Catch. "

The leader of the Blood Soul Cult shook his blood-colored whip and blocked Gu Chensha's attack. He drew a blood-colored saber from his back and threw it to Daoist Hundred Poisons. Blood Melting Blade.

This Blood Melting Blade was much larger than the two that Gu Chensha had sacrificed. Its bloody light was dense, and it was unknown how many people had been killed to cultivate it to such a powerful level. With a slight shake, one would hallucinate as if thousands of bloody shadows were wailing on it, wanting to drag one into a bloody hell and never be able to reincarnate.

After Daoist Hundred Poisons took it, he didn't say a word. He used his blade technique and charged into the battle. He actually joined hands with the Blood Soul Cult Master to attack Gu Chensha.

With two Dao Realm Transformation Two experts attacking, the situation changed. The pressure on Gu Chensha increased greatly and it wasn't as easy as before.

As the saying went, two fists couldn't fight four hands, much less two old devils who had been famous for at least 60 years.

Gu Chensha turned offense into defense. He was once again immersed in the martial path and his mind was really sharp. He was like the sun in the sky, able to see everything.

He defended himself and fought left and right. The Blood Soul Cult Master and Daoist Hundred Poisons were actually unable to do anything to him. Puchi puchi!

He retreated as he fought. He entered the barbarian soldiers' circle and took the chance to kill many more. Just like that, from the moment he arrived until now, close to 300 barbarian soldiers had died.

He killed more than a hundred himself and when he fought with Daoist Hundred Poisons, more than a hundred were poisoned to death. Now that he was fighting with the Blood Soul Cult Master and the other two, he didn't want to make any mistakes. He didn't fight head-on with the two of them and instead tried to kill as many barbarian soldiers as he could. This almost shameless method made the Blood Soul Cult Master and Daoist Hundred Poisons cry out in anger.

"Blood Shadow Whip Technique, Vengeful Soul Seeking Life."

It was unknown what the Blood Soul Cult Master's whip was made of, but it was really tough. Even the Demon Descending Blade couldn't break it.

He shook the whip and it spun in the air. Layers of whip shadows formed a circle that was like vengeful souls seeking life. He wanted to trap Gu Chensha so that he couldn't kill the barbarian soldiers.

He knew that if this went on, the two of them wouldn't be able to take care of Gu Chensha and the barbarian soldiers wouldn't die.

"Good timing." The Demon Descending Blade in Gu Chensha's hand moved slightly and pointed at the whip shadow.

The whip shadow actually moved in the air and swept towards the barbarian soldiers beside him. A few barbarian soldiers were immediately swept up by the whip and thrown into the air.

The whip was densely packed with barbs. When it pierced into the barbarian soldier's body, it actually started sucking blood. Just like that, when the barbarian soldier fell to the ground, he was already a dried corpse. All the blood was sucked away by the whip.

"This whip is so domineering. If I didn't have the Demon Descending Blade, I probably wouldn't be able to block it." Gu Chensha swung his sword again and pointed at Daoist Hundred Poisons' Molten Blood Blade. The huge Molten Blood Blade actually slashed to the side and killed a few barbarian soldiers.

"You two, I'm not interested in fighting with you. Let's kill the barbarian soldiers first."

Gu Chensha's body moved once more and he escaped the attack range of the two demons. He stabbed into the barbarian soldiers and killed them viciously. He was like a knife cutting vegetables, killing another seven or eight barbarian soldiers.

Although 300 barbarian soldiers had died, they didn't panic. They didn't flee in all directions. Instead, they quickly adjusted their formation. The shieldbearers lined up in front, the spears at the back, and the cavalry archers at the back. They formed a square formation and wanted to trap Gu Chensha. Apart from that, within the formation, there were a few barbarian martial arts ancestor auras.

"Logically speaking, the barbarian Dao Realm experts should appear soon."

Gu Chensha viciously pierced through and shattered a few shields. He killed another dozen barbarian soldiers and felt an extremely dangerous aura.

The barbarian race had a huge population. There were millions of tribes in the barbarian lands outside the walls. They also had many evil gods backing them up. There was no end to them and they were enemies of the dynasty. Even Emperor Gu could only defend against them and couldn't wipe them out.

With such a huge population, there were many experts. This military operation was also very important. Without Dao Realm experts, just a few old demons wouldn't be enough. The barbarian race wouldn't trust these demons who changed faces faster than the flipping of a book. Wu wu wu … The horn sounded in the distance and the barbarian cavalry scattered like the tide.

Clop clop clop … The sound of horse hooves reverberated on the ground. A barbarian cavalry appeared in front of them.

This cavalry seemed to be an ancient figure from the ancient times. He was two times the height of a normal person and he held a Heavenly Halberd. The horse he rode was also a primitive mutant. It was twice the size of a normal horse and was like a giant elephant. When it moved, it gave off a thunderous aura. It had scales on its body and horns on its head.

This was not a horse but a primitive thunder beast. It galloped like lightning and could travel 3,000 miles in a day. It could also climb mountains like it was nothing. It was extremely strong.

However, it had a violent personality and basically couldn't be tamed. In the barbarian race, anyone who could tame a thunder beast as a mount was an epic hero. Shua!

That barbaric giant-like barbarian knight had already arrived in front of Gu Chensha. The enormous halberd drew an arc in the air, piercing through the sky with the profundity of some law. It completely enveloped every corner in all directions, making it impossible for anyone to escape.

"Such martial arts are really terrifying." Gu Chensha sensed that this person's cultivation was far above Blood Soul Sect Leader and Hundred Poison Priest. Dang!

He struck out with the Demon Descending Blade but it was useless. He was unable to block the enemy's strength at all. The giant power from the Heavenly Halberd struck into his body. Pui! He spat out a mouthful of fresh blood. He was defeated by the barbarian cavalry in one move.

"Too strong. He is definitely at Dao Realm Transformation Three or even stronger. Even if I use Sun Moon Kill, I won't be able to do anything. The gap is just too huge. Let's go."

At this moment, Gu Chensha wouldn't die here. He retreated and used his movement technique to escape.

He knew that the barbarian race experts wouldn't allow him to kill 300 barbarian soldiers and escape. They would definitely chase him. This would draw the experts away and create a chance for the people in the town to escape.

As expected, the moment he ran, the barbarian cavalry chased. Blood Soul Sect Leader and Hundred Poison Priest all followed.

"Rest here and deal with the corpses. Wait for orders!"

The barbarian cavalry chased Gu Chensha while giving out orders. He was afraid that there would be experts lying in ambush ahead. If he wasn't there, he wouldn't be able to suppress them. If they killed hundreds of people, then they would suffer huge losses.

When Gu Chensha heard this order, he was delighted. He knew that he had successfully shocked the barbarian cavalry and was delaying for time.

Thinking about it, it made sense. An army that was originally filled with a strong aura suddenly faced a person who killed hundreds of them. It would be weird if they weren't panicking. Kong!

The barbarian cavalry jumped into the air from the Lightning Beast's body. It was like a bolt of lightning striking down from the sky, causing the ground to shake. He had to capture Gu Chensha.

"This person is much faster than me, so I have to rely on the terrain to shake him off."

Gu Chensha almost ran like a madman, activating all of his potential. He chased after the wind and the moon, ascending hills, traversing mountains and ridges. He walked in the opposite direction, trying his best to take the rugged and narrow mountain paths, as well as some thistles and bushes. There were forests on both sides of the road and the dense forest gave him the best cover.

He dove into the depths of the forest and hoped that he could use the forest to block the barbarian cavalry. His body was huge, so it was unavoidable that he would be blocked by the forest. That way, he would be able to win time and play hide and seek.

"General, should we chase? Don't enter the forest. "

Blood Soul Sect Leader and Hundred Poison Priest were both experienced people and when they thought about Gu Chensha's methods, they were a little worried. They spoke in barbarian language.