Chapter 884
===========

"The Empress of Heaven's Origin is very profound. If I thoroughly study the substance within it, I can even create it."

Gu Chensha had already advanced to the Heavenly Longevity Realm, and his ability to use the Dragonless Mantra had greatly increased.

When he helped Lou Baiyue refine the Empress of Heaven's Origin, he began to analyze its properties. Logically speaking, after analyzing it, he could use the power of the sacrifices of all living beings to refine the substance of the Empress of Heaven's Origin.

The origins of the Empress of Heaven, the Lord of the Sun and Moon couldn't be extracted from primordial chaos elemental energy. But they could be extracted from the sacrifices of all living beings. Within the Heart of All Living Beings, he could extract substances that surpassed the Heavenly Dao.

Not only that, if Gu Chensha's cultivation reached a certain limit, he could create an existence similar to the Emperor Of Heaven.

Of course, the prerequisite was that Gu Chensha had truly obtained the peerless and limitless throne.

He activated Regal Propria's medallion and wrapped it around the Empress of Heaven's Origin. Gradually, he began to understand the characteristics of the Empress of Heaven's Origin. The countless mantras in his body wriggled once more. After absorbing this knowledge, his cultivation grew even more profound. Somehow, he had truly obtained some sort of heavenly dao, the level at which he could truly contend with Gu Taxian. In time, he would definitely be able to participate in a battle of this level. To him, the heavens weren't high, and the earth wasn't thick.

Gradually, the Empress of Heaven's Origin began to wail. It simply couldn't withstand the suppression of Regal Propria's medallion, the Dragonless Mantra, and the Heavenly Mother Formation.

The Empress of Heaven's Origin was extremely stubborn. Even though Gu Chensha tried his best to suppress it and refine it time and time again, the Origin still contained an extremely powerful vitality, like an undying king.

"The Empress of Heaven's Origin is really stubborn. We've used so much power, but it's still stubborn and stinky."

Lou Baiyue frowned. She had already pushed the Heavenly Mother Formation to a certain limit, but she still couldn't do anything about the Empress of Heaven's Origin. Moreover, she knew that she had already angered the Empress of Heaven's Origin. If she gave up on refining it, the Origin would instead suck her dry. Not only would it not provide her with any power, it would immediately leave, and she would die.

In other words, she had to succeed in refining the Empress of Heaven's Origin. Otherwise, she would die.

"The Empress of Heaven's Source is second only to the Celestial Emperor, far surpassing the Celestial Kings. As long as the Celestial Emperor doesn't appear, the Empress of Heaven can control the Heavenly Court and command the myriad realms. If it was so easy to refine, then the Empress of Heaven's Source wouldn't be so mysterious.

The more difficult it is, the stronger the Empress of Origin, the greater the Origin, and the Origin would be. by.. As he spoke, Gu Chensha's Dragonless Mental Technique expanded again.

"Heaven's Imperfection, the Heart of All Beings, Incomplete, Faceless …" Gu Chensha comprehended one of the highest secrets of the Dragonless Mental Technique. He suddenly moved, and countless bubbles appeared above his head. The largest bubble was the Heaven Realm, and the others were other worlds. He had created all things, and then created chaos. Rumble! With Gu Chensha's display of power, the Empress of Heaven's Origin wailed again.

At that moment, the Empress of Heaven's Origin seemed to be unable to make waves in front of Gu Chensha. Other than the Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Chensha didn't care about anything else.

Amidst the wailing, the Empress of Heaven's Origin tried its best to shrink. In the end, it shrank into a bead.

As the bead shone brightly, it kept spinning, twisting, changing, and squirming. Finally, it began its true counterattack. Rumble!

Within the bead, countless bolts of lightning were released. In an instant, they filled the entire space. They started exploding from within, trying to blast Lou Baiyue into pieces.

"The counterattack of the Empress of Heaven's Origin?

But it's like an arrow at the end of its flight. It's useless. "Gu Chensha's hands shot out an even more intense light from the Dragonless Mental Technique.

Then, the sacrificial power in the Dragonless Gourd surged wildly, and human figures appeared. These human figures were the living beings of the Great Yongchō Court. With the sacrifice of the living beings, their karma had a close relationship with the Dragonless Gourd. Gu Chensha used the Will of All Beings to suppress the Empress of Heaven's Origin one last time.

Countless people, countless lights, and countless thoughts converged into a torrent of thoughts that flowed into the Empress of Heaven's Origin. In the blink of an eye, the bead formed by the Empress of Heaven's Origin was tainted with the thoughts and thoughts of countless people. Like a pearl covered in dust, it began to degenerate and lose all of its light.

"All living beings can make you a paragon, but they can also drag you down to the mortal world. I can extract substances from the sacrifices of all living beings that are beneficial to my cultivation. I can extract poisons from the hearts of all living beings that can destroy the Heavenly Daos and pollute them. Nothing is more poisonous than the human heart."

The torrent of thoughts in Gu Chensha's mind was a grayish-black color. It was thousands of times thicker than the most poisonous devil energy in the Realm of Demons. It was the greed, anger, and delusion of the human heart, as well as all sorts of mental poisons.

After being extracted, no living being could taint them. If they did, they would fall into the mortal world, unable to roam free and unfettered. That was one of the trump cards Gu Chensha had in mind when dealing with the Emperor Of Heaven.

Gu Chensha's Dragonless Mental Technique allowed him to extract substances from the sacrifices of all living beings that could allow him to surpass the Heavenly Daos. He could also extract poisons that could cause the Heavenly Daos to collapse. The human heart was the most poisonous, and it could corrode the Heavenly Daos. The human heart was the most difficult to predict. Whoever controlled the human heart could control all sorts of transformations.

The Empress of Heaven's Origin had never expected that Gu Chensha would have such a trick up his sleeve. After being injected with the poison extracted from the Heart of All Beings, the Origin began to crumble and disintegrate. It was truly being refined. All of a sudden, a jade-white hand appeared.

This hand was truly flawless, without any flaws or openings. It also contained the supreme, supreme, commanding all worlds, all space-time, eternally free, indestructible by myriad tribulations, and eternally indestructible.

"The Emperor Of Heaven still made a move? I knew the Empress of Heaven's Origin wouldn't give up so easily. "

Gu Chensha's jade-white hand clawed at the air, and countless numbers of data appeared in his eyes. In the blink of an eye, he had analyzed them billions and trillions of times over. He was analyzing the Emperor Of Heaven's current strength, his current location, his current state, his current cultivation level, and his current plans and conspiracies.

With Gu Chensha's current powers of divination, he only needed a tiny bit of information to be able to calculate everything.

He had already reached the Celestial Longevity stage, a stage where he could live as long as heaven and earth. With his power, and the poison extracted from the hearts of the people of the divine continent, he could pose a threat to the Emperor Of Heaven's Origin. The Emperor Of Heaven's cultivation base definitely hadn't reached its peak yet.

Legend had it that only when the Emperor Of Heaven sat on the Emperor Of Heaven's throne would his power reach its peak. And in order to open the door to the Celestial Realm and sit on the Emperor Of Heaven's throne, one had to gather the Endless Thirty-six Treasures. And more than half of the Endless Thirty-six Treasures had fallen into Gu Chensha's hands.

If the Emperor Of Heaven didn't take away these treasures, there was no way he could sit on the Emperor Of Heaven's throne, and his power wouldn't reach its peak. It could be said that Gu Chensha had the Emperor Of Heaven's lifeline in his hands.

"The poison of the human heart has tainted the Emperor Of Heaven."

Gu Chensha's jade-white hand moved slightly, and the Empress of Heaven's Origin within Lou Baiyue's body was injected with a strange power. It suddenly went out of control, carrying Lou Baiyue toward the jade-white hand.

The viciousness of the jade-white hand was obvious. It actually wanted to take Lou Baiyue along with the Empress of Heaven's Origin.

Gu Chensha hastily made a feint. Suddenly, the poison extracted from the Human Heart in the Dragonless Gourd transformed once again, turning into countless squirming little dragons. These little dragons were poisonous dragons, and their bodies were like tarsal bones. They drilled into the jade-white palm.

The jade-white palm suddenly emitted a bright light, and actually blocked the little poisonous dragons from burrowing into it. It continued to grab Lou Baiyue.

"Emperor Of Heaven," said Gu Chensha, "these poisonous dragons of mine are the greed, anger, and obsession of the human heart. They contain all sorts of ambitions and desires. Nobody can stand up to them. The Dao of Heaven fears all living things, because it fears that their hearts will swell up and they'll want to destroy the Dao of Heaven. That desire will set the prairie on fire, and it will go out of control. You might be strong, but if you think you can turn the tables on me with just one hand, that's a joke."

The greed, anger, and obsession was so powerful that it surpassed all living things, transforming into an enormous poisonous dragon that consumed primal-chaos, the heavens, the myriad worlds, the tribulations, the past, the present, and the future. It also consumed the greed, anger, and obsession of all living things.

The countless venomous dragons converged into one and swallowed the jade-white palm. To think that there was only one of them! It devoured the jade-white palm, intending to digest the essence of the Heavenly Emperor. The jade-white hand was the work of the Emperor Of Heaven, without question.

If it weren't for the fact that he was the Emperor Of Heaven, Gu Chensha would have crushed them all with the flip of a hand.

It wasn't that Gu Chensha didn't want to destroy the Lord of the Sun and the Moon Gu Tiansha, the Crown Prince Gu Xuansha, and the System of the One God. He wanted to fatten them up, and use them to keep the Emperor Of Heaven in check.

Gu Chensha had already planted the System of the One God into a Dragonless Mental Magic. As his senses grew stronger, the System would eventually fall into Gu Chensha's hands, and become a part of his Dragonless Mental Magic.

"Gu Chensha, you definitely live up to your reputation as the person who controls the future, the greatest of all tribulations. I descended into the world for the sake of order, and you are the one who will prevent that order from being born. Only by suppressing your tribulation will I be able to gain immense karma, advance the Dao of Heaven, and gain even greater accomplishments." A magnetic voice echoed out from the jade-white hand. The voice seemed to contain an infinite amount of magical power, which could subdue people's hearts.

At that moment, the poisonous dragons of greed, anger, and obsession in Gu Chensha's mind had already devoured the jade-white hand. However, as the voice moved, the jade-white hand released waves of celestial music, which dispelled the greed, anger, and obsession. It stabilized people's hearts and removed all distracting thoughts.

"The Dao of Heaven knows that people's hearts are unpredictable. Since ancient times, it has been researching how to make people's hearts give birth to existences that are beneficial to the Dao of Heaven, and not to give birth to poisonous thoughts such as greed, anger, and obsession. Now, it has achieved great results." The voice from the jade-white hand said, "Go away …" Amazing butt, voluptuous body! Wechat public: meinvmeng22 (Long press for three seconds to copy) You know it, I know it too!