Chapter 61
==========

The woman didn't kill Gu Chensha in one strike. Seeing the armor, she stopped and didn't attack again. She seemed to have seen who was inside. "You must be Gu Chensha. You actually followed me here and Chen Jianfeng didn't notice. What a waste. Seems like my sister gave birth to a good son. Not only did he survive, he even grew up." "You're my aunt, Chen Lingyun?"

Gu Chensha was ready for battle. "I've seen the records of the Xian Dynasty's royal family. You and my mother are blood sisters. Why do you want to harm me? Using the heart-seizing talisman to control me? " "You heard everything?"

Chen Lingyun was a little surprised. "Seems like you do have something special about you. You can suppress the Law Breaking Immortal Sword and get close to me without being discovered."

"It's better to squash enmity than keep it alive. After all, we are blood related. Chen Jianfeng was overbearing and wanted to capture me to extract my bloodline. Now you want to control me? Are we really irreconcilable?" Gu Chensha's voice turned sharp.

"The hatred of the annihilation of your country is irreconcilable. Also, your mother was also forced to her death by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Now, you're working for him. You're really ungrateful. I won't allow my sister to have such an unfilial son." Chen Lingyun's eyes narrowed as killing intent surged.

"I'm not working for the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. I'm working for the people of the world. Killing the barbarians and saving the commoners has nothing to do with the Heavenly Talisman Emperor."

Gu Chensha said, "I can't just listen to one side of the story about my mother's death. I'll naturally investigate it. But even if the Xian Dynasty ruled the Chen Clan, you can't just watch as the commoners are sacrificed by the barbarians. I caught Chen Jianfeng and let him go. I didn't go against my mother's clan either. How am I ungrateful in everything I do? Do you want me to rebel? Create chaos in Xian Province and let the barbarians and the evil sects benefit? "

His voice was loud and clear. It traveled far and wide and actually contained a trace of righteousness.

He inherited the Heaven Worshipping Talisman and obtained the Emperor's God Bestowment Art. He knew that divine weapons belonged to the virtuous. Every action he took was righteous. Killing the demons, barbarians, guarding the town, and moving the commoners were all the same.

Gradually, he developed a bit of Morality, and his understanding of the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art became deeper.

The Sun and Moon Refinement didn't just refine the spirit, qi, blood, and flesh. It also tempered one's spirit, nurtured a majestic atmosphere, and created a heart of order for the people.

This was the essence of the Refinement of Sun and Moon. How could mere changes in martial arts, movement of qi and blood, and meditation of the mind be able to summarize the Refinement of Sun and Moon?

The sun and the moon moved in the sky, illuminating the world, driving the airflow, rain, and warmth. All life came from the sun and the moon. It could be said that without the sun and the moon, there would be no life.

The Sun and Moon Refinement was to establish order and nourish all living beings. At the same time, it would also punish those who did not abide by the order and were sinful.

"Hmm?"

Hearing Gu Chensha's words, Chen Lingyun was shocked. She could feel the firm will of this person. "Then let me ask you, how will you walk your Dao in the future? I want to hear what grand ambitions my sister's son has."

"I don't have any grand ambitions for now. I just want to cultivate diligently, know right from wrong, know good from evil, and walk the righteous path. I will follow the rules of the ancient sages and start from the small things." Gu Chensha answered honestly. This was something he had learned.

"Starting from the small things might seem simple, but as long as everything is done meticulously and perfectly, one will definitely achieve great things."

Chen Lingyun nodded in agreement. "Those who talk big and have grand ambitions will achieve nothing if they don't do the small things well." "I have no intention of being enemies with you." Gu Chensha said, "Perhaps we can be friends?" "Friends?"

Chen Lingyun laughed involuntarily. "That works too. Return the Art Breaking Immortal Sword and the Heartless Mind Seizing Talisman that you stole just now, and I can acknowledge you as my nephew." "That won't do. I can't even guarantee my own safety."

Gu Chensha wasn't stupid. "I will let Chen Jianfeng off, and these two items will be his ransom. How about it?" "Even 10 Chen Jianfengs won't be able to block one of them."

Chen Lingyun wasn't afraid that Gu Chensha would run. "But it is okay if you don't hand it over because you won't be able to run. You aren't even at Dao Realm, so how will you be able to escape from me?"

"Little Aunt should be at Dao Realm Transformation Four, swallowing metal to turn into stone. While she spoke, her aura was like refined steel, soft like a finger. Her five viscera and six bowels were like a furnace that could melt metal and stone. I am naturally not your match at such a realm. "

Gu Chensha smiled, "But I definitely have a way to protect myself, otherwise, I wouldn't have been able to escape from the Art Breaking Celestial Sword." "I am really curious."

Chen Lingyun didn't do anything, "Nephew, the gap between us is just too huge. But I feel that you are a talent and you are my only son. I won't hurt you, but I will take you away. I can't let you follow the Heaven Talisman Emperor." "Little Aunt, please teach me."

Gu Chensha didn't take off his armor and just did the Great Spirit God Technique pose. Chen Lingyun was a good opponent, so naturally, he had to train. Of course, this was really dangerous. Even if he wore the Horned Dragon Armor, he wouldn't be her match.

"Lotus Pond Flower Blooms, Petals Fragrant, Withering Impermanence, Spiritual Roots Remain …" Chen Lingyun's hands danced. She wasn't using the Great Spirit God Technique but another mysterious technique.

Her steps were light, and with every step she took, a wave of air would explode beneath her feet like a lotus flower. This was the extremely mysterious state of Lotus Blossoming with each step.

Gu Chensha couldn't see it with his naked eye. She was right in front of him and her palms were like lotus leaves swaying in the wind. Even his Dream Soul was filled with the fragrance of the lotus and he was about to be intoxicated. He actually felt like he was about to enter a pure and peaceful state.

"Son of Heaven, Sun and Moon in the Sky."

Without thinking, Gu Chensha entered the Sun and Moon Refining Realm. His hands struck out with the Yin and Yang Hard and Soft Forces, trying to block Chen Lingyun's attack.

But it was useless. No matter how mysterious Gu Chensha's strength was, no matter how tough the Horned Dragon Armor was, it couldn't block Chen Lingyun's lotus-like fist energy. Bang! His body shot out like a cannonball and fell down the cliff. In the blink of an eye, he was gone.

"What?"

Chen Lingyun rushed to the edge of the cliff and waved her hand. The Golden Roc flew down and carried her down the cliff. She searched inch by inch, but there was no sign of Gu Chensha.

"He can't have disappeared just like that."

She was also a little dizzy. According to her thinking, Gu Chensha couldn't have escaped. No matter how fast he ran, could he be faster than the Golden Roc?

"Search!"

She burned a talisman. The flame exploded and then extinguished. This was a tracking talisman. The flame would follow the direction of the person and would extinguish if it couldn't find the person.

"Divination!" She took out a few copper coins and threw them on the ground. But the copper coins were also messed up. They couldn't tell north from south.

"He has an extremely powerful talisman on him. It can disturb heaven's secrets and hide his aura." Chen Lingyun frowned and thought for a while. "But do you think you can escape from me?

The imperial court and the barbarians are at war. You have to come out eventually. I don't believe you can hide forever. " She jumped on the back of the Golden Roc and flew away again.

They waited until dawn. A person climbed up the cliff. It was Gu Chensha. He smiled bitterly. "My aunt is really powerful. Even with the Horned Dragon Armor, I couldn't even take one move from her. Luckily, I got the Heartless Stealing Talisman. I can use it to subdue the experts of the barbarians."

He knew about the Heartless Stealing Talisman. It was recorded in ancient books that the ancient celestials and spirits used it to change evil people.

As long as one dripped their blood on it and tossed it out, the talisman would spread out and enter the enemy's body. The enemy would listen to your orders and wouldn't go against you for the rest of their lives.

Unless the enemy was strong enough to cultivate the Samadhi True Fire, the nameless vital energy in their body would flow around their body and into their brain, refining everything. This talisman would be useless. This talisman was really hard to craft and even the imperial family only had one of it.

After climbing up the cliff, Gu Chensha entered the altar space and dripped a few drops of Heaven Dew on the talisman. Weng …

The talisman was instantly engraved with the energy of dragons and tigers. It flew into the air and a green light shone brightly.

"As expected, Heaven Dew is not only the best nourishment for humans, but it can also nourish treasures. As long as a treasure gets Heaven Dew, it will slowly become stronger and the impurities within will be washed away."

Gu Chensha was delighted. For Chen Lingyun to use this talisman, she had to build an altar and do all sorts of preparations. After he dripped the Heaven Dew, the talisman's power recovered. As long as he activated it with his mind, it would fly out.

If he could control a barbarian race expert to be his servant, his strength would increase greatly. As a secret hidden in the manor, who would dare to do anything to him?

He thought back to the Barbarian Race God Envoy who reached the Dao Realm Seven Transformation in the Peach County God Temple. He flew into the air and turned his Xiantian Earth Energy into a bubble. If he could control this Barbarian Race God Envoy, not only would he be able to break the Barbarian Race's plot, but he would also gain a top expert for himself.

"Under normal circumstances, even if I have the Sun and Moon Altar, I won't be able to get close to a high level existence like the Barbarian Race God Envoy. But last time, that God Envoy didn't seem to notice me. It seems like he is cultivating a technique and he is guarding some space crack so that the Barbarian Race God Envoy can be teleported over. I can use this chance. Forget it, riches come from danger. If I can subdue the Barbarian Race God Envoy with the Heartless Stealing Talisman, then my strength will soar and I will be able to fight against the many princes!" Gu Chensha did as he said.

No matter how strong the princes were, they couldn't have a Dao Realm Seven Transformation Celestial as a servant.

In the cultivation world, a person who could fly and float in the air could barely be considered a "celestial".

He leaped and sprinted. With the Hornless Dragon Armor, his speed had increased tremendously. Even a Martial Master would feel like a gust of wind had passed him. The only flaw was that the Hornless Dragon Armor couldn't fly. Maybe the improved Great Dragon Armor would be able to do so.

"The Heavenly Dew can increase the power of Dharma treasures. This Hornless Dragon Armor is also a powerful Dharma treasure. If I soak it in the Heavenly Dew, will it become more powerful?" While running, he couldn't help but think.

Therefore, he stopped again and took out the Demon Conquering Blade. He dripped a drop of Heavenly Dew on it.

Originally, the Demon Conquering Blade was cracked by the Spell Breaker Immortal Sword. But when the Heavenly Dew dripped on it, the cracks on the blade gradually healed until it was completely restored.