Chapter 525
===========

"If it wasn't for my bloodline, the Martial Saint wouldn't have been revived so easily. My bloodline contained the blood of the Sun Moon Dragon, the Azure Dragon, the White Tiger, the Vermillion Bird, the Black Tortoise, and the North Star Divine Beasts. When fused together, it had the power of creation and destruction." Gu Chensha knew that the Martial Emperor's revival was all because of him.

Facing King Wu Yu's question, he answered carefully because the nine antiques of the Wu Clan were not ordinary. If he didn't answer well, they would suspect him of siding with the Martial Emperor. The nine antiques would definitely suppress and kill 'Wu Dang Xing'. Gu Chensha might not be able to escape from the Martial Saint's Paradise.

Even though he was wandering around and speaking frankly with assurance, and he'd obtained a great deal of benefits, he was actually in an extremely dangerous situation. It was equivalent to him moving about amidst numerous formidable existences with an insignificant body, and the slightest bit of carelessness would cause him to be killed. This was completely a case of seeking wealth amidst danger.

His current cultivation was still too weak against the nine deities and the Martial Saint's Paradise.

Especially the Martial Saint's Paradise, which contained a lot of world energy. Even the deities of the Wu Clan's fallen deities didn't dissipate and were all stored in the Martial Saint's Paradise. This was the benefit of the Martial Saint's Paradise.

When a deity died, they would dissipate from the world. However, if they died in the Martial Saint's Paradise, the energy would fuse with the Paradise, making it more stable and powerful. This was the power of the great clans.

"Ancestors, no matter what, the Martial Emperor still has the bloodline of our Wu Clan. We can't let him stir up trouble outside or even go against our Wu Clan."

At this moment, Gu Chensha spoke in an orderly manner, "But this person is indeed ambitious. He wants to unify our Wu Clan to complete his so-called hegemony. What does this mean to all the ancestors?

I'm thinking of tricking him into the Martial Sacred Chamber and suppressing him. I'll refine all of his capabilities and deprive him of his Dao of Outliers, allowing him to become the spirit of our Martial Sacred Chamber. Not only will the strength of our Martial Sacred Chamber improve tremendously, we'll also be able to get rid of the hidden danger, and acquire the Martial Monarch's Memory and the Dragon Nurturing Mantra, allowing our Wu Clan to stand a chance against the Legalism School? " "Alright."

King Wu Yu nodded, "Wu Dang Xing, you are indeed wholeheartedly thinking for our Wu Clan. You are worthy of praise. However, since a Martial Emperor has become a Divergent, he won't be easy to suppress. If we trick him into the Martial Saint's Cave, we can gather the heroic spirits of the past generations of Wu Clan's experts and the accumulation of sacrifices to seal and suppress him. According to your description, he has only recovered to the Void Creation Realm of the 31 Changes, so it should be easy to suppress him." "Therefore, I thought of a good idea," Gu Chensha said again.

"Speak! If you make a great contribution this time, we will definitely reward you. "King Wu Yu asked.

"I've managed to convince Wu Dangkong. She's willing to offer up the Divine Land's Thousand Savage Armor, and promised to use the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman to help the nine Progenitors achieve the Godly Godhood in the future, allowing the Progenitors to obtain the Godly Seat. However, she wishes to obtain a tenth of the control over the Martial Saint's Chamber, and share the seat with the nine Progenitors." Gu Chensha quickly explained.

"What?

Wu Dangkong actually dares to raise conditions with us? How dare he! "one of the deity-grade old-timers roared.

"Wu Dakui, don't be impatient."

King Wu Yu quickly conversed with the other Eminent Elders for a full two hours. "What's the good idea you mentioned just now?"

"Reporting to ancestor, Wu Dang Kong does indeed have the ambition of a wolf and is no different from a Martial Emperor. Relying on the great luck that she obtained, she dares to look down on ancestor. This is truly disgraceful and her intentions are worthy of death."

Gu Chensha knew what he was going to say. "This disciple's idea is that Old Ancestor might as well agree to the Martial Emperor and Wu Dangkong's request. Lure them into the Martial Saint's Abode and let the Martial Emperor refine the Divine Prefecture Thousand Ominous Armor. This way, the Martial Emperor's ability will be further weakened, and the Martial Emperor and Wu Dangkong will be imprisoned. In this way, Old Ancestor will be able to obtain the Martial Emperor, the Divine Prefecture Thousand Ominous Armor, all of Wu Dangkong's treasures, and the Heaven Offering Decree."

Gu Chensha changed his plan and explained it again. He wanted to create a situation where the Martial Saint's Chamber's depths would be thrown into chaos, and he would be the fisherman to reap the benefits. This way, not only would he obtain all the benefits, he might even be able to play it big.

"If my plan is executed smoothly without any mishaps, then my Sphere of Common People's Wish might be able to obtain the nine Deities, the Martial Emperor, and even the entire accumulation of the Martial Saint's Chamber. It might even be able to obtain all of Wu Dangkong's treasures. However, it is still a little unrealistic to kill Wu Dangkong. Since the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman acknowledged her, she would have great destiny on her. However, it doesn't matter." Gu Chensha's plan this time was really too big. Once it succeeded, wouldn't the Calm Immortal Department's strength increase by more than ten folds?

Only someone with his breadth of mind would be able to scheme to swallow the entire Martial Saint's Chamber.

The Martial Saint's Chamber's current world might not be comparable to the other Dharma Realms, but after accumulating for seven or eight thousand years, countless Wu Clan's disciples had sacrificed and prayed, and countless experts had perished in it. In addition, the Wu Clan had occupied the entire Wu Province's destiny veins, and the Martial Saint's Heroic Spirit was hidden within. The massive power it possessed was far from what the Sphere of Common People's Wish could compare to.

Although the essence of the Sphere of Common People's Wish was not inferior to the Martial Saint's Chamber, it had suddenly risen up, and its foundation and accumulation were insufficient.

It was like the Martial Saint's Chamber was an old noble clan with a Marquis, and the clan had accumulated a massive amount of wealth for generations.

Meanwhile, the Sphere of Common People's Wish was a commoner who had occasionally made contributions and was conferred the title of a new Marquis by the imperial court.

They were both Marquis and had the same status, but the foundation of their clans was vastly different. The Martial Saint's Chamber had billions of wealth, countless industries, and countless disciples.

Meanwhile, the Sphere of Common People's Wish could only be maintained by the imperial court's salary.

Without seven or eight thousand years of foundation and so many years of Deity experts' hard work, the gap wasn't something that could be closed in a day or two.

Although the Calm Immortal Department's Sphere of Common People's Wish had devoured so many artifacts, it was still lacking in terms of foundation.

Gu Chensha's plan to devour the entire Martial Saint's Chamber was like a toad planning to devour an elephant. To outsiders, it might seem inconceivable, but King Wu Yu felt that there was a possibility of success.

"This plan of yours has great benefits, but it's not without risks. However, with the Martial Saint's Chamber's power, it shouldn't be a problem to suppress a Martial Emperor at the 31 Transformations and Wu Dangkong. If it's just the Divine Prefecture Thousand Ominous Armor, it would only be equivalent to a Deity expert, so it wouldn't be a problem to suppress it. The only problem is that the Divine Prefecture Thousand Ominous Armor is Xing Qiong Clan's trap. If Xing Qiong Clan descends, I'm afraid it will be difficult for us to resist," King Wu Yu said.

"This disciple has also considered this matter."

Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "Actually, Wu Dangkong also wants to break free from Xing Qiong Clan's control. Although she has Xing Qiong Clan's support, she knows that she's just a pawn.

She wants to borrow Old Ancestor's power to destroy Xing Qiong Clan's trap. At the crucial moment, she will activate the Heaven Sacrifice Decree.

Old Ancestor only needs to prepare enough sacrifices. Now that the Devil Race has gathered, Old Ancestor only needs to go to the Devil Domain to capture many devils as sacrifices. When Wu Dangkong uses her soul and flesh as sacrifices, she will activate some great sacrifices to strengthen Old Ancestor. At that time, even if it's Xing Qiong Clan's trap, they can be directly cut off and absorbed into the Martial Saint's Chamber's Chamber. "

Gu Chensha started to activate the plan of killing two birds with one stone. He wanted the Wu Clan's nine Deity experts to work together to capture devils as sacrifices in the Devil Domain. This way, the Devil Calamity would be delayed. As expected, the nine Deity experts were instantly tempted.

If it was during normal times, they wouldn't want to enter the Devil Domain and fight with so many Demon God experts. However, if they could use the Heaven Sacrifice Decree to sacrifice themselves, they would be very willing to do so.

"Very good, we will act immediately. Go and contact Martial Emperor and Wu Dangkong. We must trick them into entering the Martial Saint's Chamber."

King Wu Yu was also tempted. From their point of view, as long as they could trick them into entering the Martial Saint's Chamber, everything would be fine.

"This …" Gu Chensha hesitated.

"What do you have to say?" King Wu Yu asked.

"That Martial Emperor is temperamental. Disciple is afraid that he will harm me. I hope that Old Ancestor will bestow a treasure to prevent disciple from being harmed and protect disciple's safety." Gu Chensha repeatedly kowtowed, putting on an act.

"Hahahaha …" The few Deity experts all laughed. "You brat, after beating around the bush and saying so much, you actually want to ask for benefits. That's fine, we will give you benefits.

For this operation, your strength is too weak. If this plan succeeds, our Wu Clan will rise a level. At that time, we will also nurture you. " "Many thanks, Old Ancestors." Gu Chensha was overjoyed.

"Swords, come!" Swoosh, swoosh, swoosh …

King Wu Yu made a grasping motion, and six divine swords flew over. One was like fire, one was like a river, one was like ice, one was like a golden river, one was like a starry sky, and one was like a black hell.

"These are seven divine swords personally forged by the Martial Saint. The one in your hand is called Thunderslayer, and the other six are Flame Slayer, River Slayer, Cold Slayer, Gold Slayer, Star Slayer, and Hell Slayer. When the seven swords are combined, they can form a sword formation.

King Wu Yu said, "Of course, your cultivation is still low, and you are unable to use the power of the Seven Swords as One. It will be difficult for you to protect yourself from a Highgod Realm expert. However, we will give you another Martial Saint Talisman!"

King Wu Yu made another grasping motion, and a jade talisman appeared in his hand. It was engraved with the image of a palm.

The palm was simple, but powerful. When it was stretched out, it seemed as if it could grab the boundless sky and myriad worlds. It was a display of the Martial Saint's domineering might.

Of all the Saints of the human race, the Martial Saint's combat prowess was without a doubt the strongest. In terms of pure combat prowess, the Dharma Saint was weaker than him.

But the Dharma Saint's overall strength was the strongest. His scheming, management, comprehension of heaven and earth, and planning were all above the Martial Saint.