Chapter 563
===========

"The Martial Emperor desperately wants the Dragon Creation Cultivation Method. It's a pity that Dou Nineteen won't cooperate with him. Back then, the Martial Emperor and I failed to capture Dou Nineteen. We've already become enemies." When Gu Chensha saw the Martial Emperor's state, he knew that the Martial Emperor was determined to obtain the Dragon Creation Cultivation Method. If he wanted to get the technique, he had to find Dou Nineteen and force him to tell him.

Unfortunately, Dou Nineteen had suffered a great loss at the Calming Deity Department and was hiding somewhere. Second was to find the Calming Deity Department. Emperor Wu and the department were enemies. Emperor Wu was thinking.

His target was naturally the Calming Deity Department. Dou Nineteen had three Heavenly Venerables behind him and was not someone to be trifled with.

"Wudang Xian, come in."

Emperor Wu thought for a moment and suddenly grabbed. The space split open and a person came out. It was Wudang Xian, an elite of the younger generation of the Wu clan who did not get along with Wudang Xing.

"Subject Wudang Xian greets Your Majesty. Long live Your Majesty."

After Wudang Xian came in, he kowtowed three times and nine times as if he was really greeting the Emperor.

"Rise." Emperor Wu waved his hand. "How is your cultivation of the Myriad Martial Dragon Capturing Art?"

"Subject has been cultivating day and night. Recently, my power has increased greatly." Wudang Xian stood up and said respectfully. "Very good.

"Very well, as long as you work for me, I will definitely not mistreat you. Moreover, I am also a member of the Wu Clan, and we are of the same branch. After I unify the Divine Prefecture and rebuild the Great Wu Dynasty, you will be the founding hero, and you will definitely be rewarded. I will also bring the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman and confer you the title of True God. Besides, I have also obtained the support of the Untainted Dragon Sect. In the future, with the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman and the Untainted Dragon Sect, I will definitely become the first Great Emperor in history, surpassing the ancient Emperor and becoming the Celestial Emperor.

I am not the Son of Heaven. I am the Heaven, the Emperor of Heaven. "Emperor Wu's voice was majestic.

"Subject will obey." Wudang Xian didn't dare to move.

"I have something for you to do. Can you do it?" Emperor Wu asked.

"I will go through fire and water."

Naturally, Wudang Xian did not mean what he said, but he had no other choice. Martial Emperors were unfathomable and temperamental. Accompanying a ruler was like accompanying a tiger. There was nothing he could do.

"Now, I want you to use the ruse of injuring yourself to gain the confidence of the enemy and join the Tranquil Immortal Department to obtain the Dragon Creation Mantra. Then, you'll give it to me. Can you do it?" Martial Emperor ordered.

"This …" Wudang Xian was shocked. "Your Imperial Majesty, please spare me. No matter what I do, I won't be able to fool the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya. It's not that I'm afraid of death, it's just that I can't complete this mission and lose my life for nothing."

"So, you're disobeying the Emperor's order?" The Martial Emperor snorted, his killing intent already appearing.

"Your Majesty, please spare my life!" Wudang Xian was so frightened that he hurriedly knelt down again, his soul almost leaving his body.

"I'm very disappointed in your attitude. I heard that you and Wudang Xing don't get along. You've been fighting openly and covertly for years, but you're no match for him now. His schemes are profound, and even I was fooled by him. He's already obtained all of the Wu family's treasures, and he's even joined a powerful entity. His cultivation base is advancing at a rapid pace."

The Martial Emperor retracted his killing intent. This was a time when he needed people. Of course he wouldn't kill Wudang Xian. "How can you compare to Wudang Xing in your current state? He can crush you to death with just one finger. "

"Your Imperial Majesty, I am willing to take the risk and obtain the secret to the Dragon Creation Mantra for you." Wudang Xian suddenly seemed to be in high spirits.

"Very good. It seems that your hatred has been aroused, and you want to kill Wudang Xing," said the Martial Emperor. "If that's the case, then I have no choice but to fulfill your wish. Do you have any requests? I can satisfy any of them. " "I hope Your Imperial Majesty will teach me the Dragon Cultivation Mantra," Wudang Xian said.

Wudang Xian said, "Right now the great calamity is about to arrive, it is also the time when the vast ocean is flowing, when heroes come forth in large numbers. Subject will definitely fight for Your Majesty to conquer the world." "Very well."

The Martial Emperor said, "Not only will I teach you the Dragon Cultivation Mantra, but I will also modify your body so that you can cultivate the Dragon Martial True Form that I have painstakingly cultivated!" "Thank you, Your Imperial Majesty!" Wudang Xian seemed to have changed into a different person.

"Dust World!"

The Martial Emperor sneered. A dust world in the shape of the Dragon Transformation Tower appeared above his head again and sucked Wudang Xian into it.

Then, he spread his arms. Suddenly, a portion of the Martial Saint's Paradise's power surged, and a portion of it entered his dust world. He was using the Martial Saint's Paradise's power to create his own confidants. Inside his dust world, Wudang Xian was enveloped by the power of the world.

Then, the power of the world turned into scriptures and seeped into Wudang Xian's body to modify his life essence.

"Hahahaha …" Gu Chensha almost laughed out loud in his heart. "Looks like our Jingxian Arbiter should not die. The Martial Emperor wants to train Wudang Xian? That's like Xing Qianxiong, inviting a wolf into the house.

However, this Martial Emperor definitely does not want to train Wudang Xian. He wants to completely control this person and set up all kinds of restrictive spells in this person's body. " The Martial Emperor could not trust anyone. Moreover, he had been tricked by Gu Chensha's "Wudang Xing". How could he trust Wudang Xian?

At this time, Gu Chensha was already residing in the depths of Wudang Xian's Qi Sea Dantian, just like how he dealt with Xing Qianxiong.

The Martial Monarch activated his cultivation to cleanse Wudang Sect first. His Essence would be sucked away. In such a situation, the Martial Monarch's world would be sucked clean. Moreover, Gu Chensha could take the opportunity to obtain the talisman of the Chaotic Dragon Sect and suppress the Martial Monarch like Xing Qianxiong. He could also absorb the Essence of the Martial Saint's Paradise at the same time.

The Common People's Wish sphere was now stronger than the Martial Saint's Paradise. Moreover, the Martial Saint's Paradise was divided into three, and its power was not condensed. Even if it was a head-on clash, Gu Chensha had absolute confidence that he could control the sphere and destroy the Wu Clan. Of course, the Martial Emperor was stronger than Xing Qianxiong.

However, after Gu Chensha absorbed Xing Qianxiong, the sphere's power condensed into the Deity of Wishes and became even stronger.

"Dragon Martial True Body."

The Martial Emperor placed Wudang Xian into his own dust world and helped him cultivate a secret art that he had created. It was a secret art that combined the Wu Clan's divine arts and the Dragon Cultivation Art. A large amount of the world's energy surged into Wudang Xian's body, trying to transform him.

"Wudang Xian is not reliable. This time, I will use the Dragon Martial Primordial Spirit to completely control your soul and everything else. If you betray me, I will be able to turn you into a puppet, a walking corpse." The Martial Emperor sneered. Rumble!

At this time, a bloodline seed was born in the depths of Wudang Xian's Qi Sea. This seed was the transformation of Gu Chensha's Heaven's Law.

While Wudang Xian was conversing with the Martial Emperor, Gu Chensha had already used the Heaven's Law and possessed Wudang Xian's body.

Gu Chensha's Heaven's Law was too profound for words. With his current cultivation level, he could not possess the Martial Emperor's body, but he could possess Wudang Xian without the Martial Emperor noticing anything.

The bloodline seed had the experience of absorbing Xing Qianxiong's world's energy, so Gu Chensha was very familiar with the process. The moment the Martial Emperor used the world's energy, Gu Chensha absorbed all the world's energy that had entered Wudang Xian's body.

"Hmm?"

The Martial Emperor noticed something strange. He saw a wriggling bloodline seed in the depths of Wudang Xian's Qi Sea. He had no idea what it was, but it looked like a treasure, a talisman, and a pill. "Wudang Xian, what is that inside your body?"

"Your Majesty, I don't know either." Wudang Xian had no idea that something like this would happen to his body.

But as he spoke, Gu Chensha's Heaven's Law cultivation had already been secretly activated. In an instant, he had control over various parts of his body. He then put his hands together, and a strong suction force was emitted from his body. Many tentacles spread out from his body and took root in the Martial Emperor's dust world, and began to forcibly absorb the world's energy.

When he was fighting Xing Qianxiong, Gu Chensha still had to deal with him carefully. In the end, he got him trapped and unable to extricate himself, and then absorbed all of his dust world in one go.

But now, Gu Chensha did not have to go through so much trouble. The Tree of Wishes had already given birth to the God of Wishes, and compared to when he was fighting Xing Qianxiong, it was a world of difference. So, Gu Chensha decided to end the battle quickly, just like when Xing Qiongshi used the Divine God's Law 100 stages.

He used Wudang Xian's body as a foundation, and released the tentacles of the Tree of Wishes to absorb the dust world in a frenzy.

In just an instant, the Martial Emperor's dust world had shrunk by half, and even the Martial Emperor's own strength had begun to flow away.

"What exactly is it?!"

The Martial Emperor did not even know what was happening. He saw tentacles appear on Wudang Xian's body, and these tentacles directly took root in his dust world and began to absorb the power of his life world.

"Hahahaha …" At this moment, Wudang Xian laughed. "This technique is called the Divine God's Law, and it is a secret technique of the Xing Qiongshi. Martial Emperor, I have long since pledged allegiance to Concubine Ming. The great calamity is coming, and in a few days, the Demon Disaster will erupt. This Martial Saint's Paradise and the Wu Clan cannot be torn apart, so the Concubine intentionally sent me to get close to you to clean up the mess!"

At the most crucial moment, Gu Chensha even made a false accusation, pushing the blame onto Wu Dangkong. He was very meticulous and did not leave any loopholes. Bang!

"World, annihilate!"

At the most crucial moment, the Martial Emperor used an unknown secret technique, and his dust world suddenly collapsed, exploding.

"As expected of an ancient hero. At the most crucial moment, he did not hesitate to give up his dust world and explode it. If Xing Qianxiong had been as decisive as the Martial Emperor, he might have had a chance to escape."

At the instant the world collapsed, Gu Chensha used the power of his Minor Chiliocosm and directly swallowed it.

As for the talismans left behind by the Great Desolate Dragon Sect in the dust world, they also entered the Minor Chiliocosm.

However, at this moment, the Martial Emperor had already escaped, leaving the Martial Saint's Paradise, and no one knew where he went.