Chapter 461
===========

"Is the situation really that serious?"

Gu Chensha looked at the Life's Wish sphere. Every strand of vital energy and every inch of space within it was the result of his blood, sweat, and tears. It was unknown how many fortuitous encounters he had gone through to create it. However, from the beginning to the end, the Life's Wish sphere had not encountered any tribulations.

A treasure that had not encountered tribulations was not a true treasure. Only after encountering many tribulations and being reborn would it be able to obtain extraordinary achievements. It was the same for humans. For example, Martial Emperors and Xing Qiongshi.

Now that these two great existences had been resurrected, even the three great Celestial Venerables would probably be in trouble in the future.

However, tribulations were very dangerous. Basically, if they were not careful, their bodies and souls would be destroyed, and they would never be able to recover.

Gu Chensha had cultivated the Heavenly Dao's magic quality. This was something that had never happened since ancient times. In a sense, he no longer had his own fate, and it would be very difficult for tribulations to bestow upon him.

Moreover, as long as he hid, no one would be able to divine him. It was as if he no longer existed and was not part of the calculations of the heavenly secrets. This was different from those anomalies.

Anomalies were not part of the Heavenly Dao's system, but they were the ones that the Heavenly Dao paid attention to. Which dynasty or generation's rebels would not be noticed by the imperial court?

If the entire Tranquil Immortal Department encountered a tribulation, then only Gu Chensha would be spared.

This was the result that Zhuge Ya came up with after repeated deductions. "The situation is indeed serious.

The upper echelons of the Demon race, many Demon God level experts, and Demon Saints have all taken notice of us. It seems like we've already been noticed by the demonic origin power. It's also because we've been showing off our abilities and have become the vanguard of humanity's strengthening. This is especially so with the dissemination of the Dragon Nurturing Mental Art and Dragon Creation Mental Art. In fact, this matter has already destroyed the balance between spirituality and demonic nature. As this mental art spreads, more and more people's aptitudes will increase, and even spirituality will reach a pinnacle. In other words, our Tranquil Immortal Department is no longer tolerated by the Heavenly Dao. "Lou Baiyue appeared in the sphere.

"So what?" Gu Chensha said. "Don't tell me we don't have to do these things?" "Of course we have to do it, and we have to face it head on."

Lou Baiyue replied: "We are the true rulers of fate, humans are the true controllers of the Heaven's Dao, otherwise, how could we be called the wisest of all living beings?"

"That's a must. Father's wish should also be to break the principle that prosperity is bound to decline. Once humans reach the peak of their strength, their spirituality will explode, and there will be a disaster. This is the confrontation between the spirit and the devil, and also the principle of the balance of Yin and Yang.

What we need to do is to break the balance between Yin and Yang, so that humans can prosper forever and control the world.

The Buddha of ancient times had done this as well. His philosophy was that everyone could become a Buddha and reach the supreme Great Nirvana Realm.

This is also the same thing that we do, but in the end, the Buddha did not complete this task and disappeared. In fact, Martial Emperor Wu also wanted to do this back then, but he himself suffered a calamity. "

Zhuge Ya made a detailed analysis: "This time, your Highness killed those demons, but the demonic nature will not disappear because of this. I'm afraid that in a few days, in the distant mountains and forests, there will even be a passage from the demon domain, and a large number of demons will appear here." "Very good."

When Gu Chensha heard this, he laughed. "It just so happens that the Heavenly Demon Tree lacks souls and blood essence to nourish its body. The appearance of demons is also a good thing. We can already condense the Human Dragon Pill. After taking it, humans will not be afraid of demonic energy. Without the erosion of demonic energy, it will be much easier to deal with demons." "We need to put in a lot of effort to create a three-piece set."

Lou Baiyue said, "This is also an opportunity for our Calming Xian Department. The more demons there are, the more our Heavenly Demon Tree can absorb, and the more Human Dragon Pills, Human Dragon Armors, and Human Dragon Swords we can create."

After this three-piece set was equipped, even an ordinary person's combat strength would skyrocket, and they would not be afraid of ordinary demons. In a battle between armies, the army could easily destroy everything.

However, what the people of the Tranquil Immortal Department were worried about were the high-level experts, the Demon God and the Demon Saint. Since ancient times, the true victory and defeat had always been decided after the high-level experts were revealed. Of course, it was not that the large number of ordinary people was unimportant, because they were soil and reserves. The more people there were, the higher the probability of experts being born.

An expert in a small country with a population of ten million might have a genius who could defeat a country with a population of over a hundred million.

But if it was a super country with a population of a billion, or even billions, or even tens of billions, with such a huge population base, there would be thousands of geniuses emerging, and they could crush a small country.

Everything Gu Chensha and the Calming Xian Department did was to increase their combat strength, and then let the population completely explode. In their vision, in the next sixty years, the population would increase tenfold, or even tenfold.

Thinking about it, with the current population base, humans had already given birth to those Sage clans, God clans, and many experts. If the population increased tenfold, or even tenfold, wouldn't there be many Sages born like in ancient times?

There were only a few basic national policies of the Calming Xian Department: exterminating demons, strengthening the country, righteous ideals, and spreading great wishes.

With these as the foundation, they would continue to do it. No matter what the tribulation was, they would move forward with indomitable will.

"I'll first cultivate to the Twenty-two Transformations of Heaven and Earth, and then extrapolate the art of transformation to its limits."

Gu Chensha discussed the matter of the tribulation with Zhuge Ya and Lou Baiyue. If the Devil race really opened the passageway to their fiefdom and then unleashed something called the Multitude Devil Heart Prison Thunder Tribulation, what should they do?

Zhuge Ya's conclusion was that if the Devil race gathered billions of devils, and the Multitude Devil Heart Prison Thunder Tribulation that had been brewing for so long would erupt, even the sphere of the Common People's Will would not be able to withstand it. At that time, the Calming Xian Department would suffer the tribulation. But now, the Calming Xian Department couldn't hide or retreat. They had to stand at the forefront of the Imperial Court.

At present, the safest method was for Gu Chensha to cultivate to the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth and cultivate the art of transformation to an extremely profound level. That way, he would be able to perform all sorts of tricks under the eyes of Demonic Gods and even Demonic Sages.

As Gu Chensha's cultivation level increased, the quality of the Heaven Dao technique would truly reveal its various prowess. As for Zhuge Ya, he sped up his preparations to obtain the World Burying Coffin.

Furthermore, he would use Dou Nineteen again to quickly obtain the Azure Dragon and White Tiger eggs.

By strengthening the power of the sphere of the Common People's Will, he would be more confident in dealing with the devils' attacks.

The tribulation of the Devil Calamity was more than a hundred times greater than the one he had faced when he became the Lord of Seven Star.

This was a clash between the forces of darkness and light, yin and yang. Even the three great Celestial Sovereigns wouldn't dare stand at the forefront of such a conflict.

Generally speaking, the three great Celestial Sovereigns would hide in the back during a major tribulation. When the conflict was almost over, they would come out to clean up the mess, assess the situation, and reap the rewards. The final victors would always be the three great Celestial Sovereigns.

Gu Chensha also knew that this time, it was very likely that the three great Celestial Sovereigns would bide their time and quietly observe the situation.

To the Celestial Calmness Department, this was actually a good thing. Without the three great Celestial Sovereigns standing in their way, the Celestial Calmness Department would be able to secure a juicy piece of meat.

The presence of devils was perhaps the greatest calamity for the Celestial Calmness Department. However, from another perspective, the devils Gu Chensha saw were nothing more than medicinal pills, suits of armor, sharp swords, and all sorts of other treasures.

"Five elements revolve, Extreme Dao Transformations!"

Gu Chensha continued cultivating within the sphere of Common People's Wish. At times, his entire body of magic power would turn into a sea of fire. At other times, it would turn into an ocean. After that, it would turn into a continent, a huge tree, and a gigantic mountain of gold.

This transformation continued for another month. His body's magic power turned into a continent, and on the continent grew a huge tree. Beside the tree was an ocean, and above the ocean was a huge ball of fire. In the middle of the ocean was a huge mountain shining with golden light, illuminated by the ball of fire for tens of thousands of miles.

Metal, wood, water, fire, earth. The Five Elements were all there, growing and multiplying without end. They revolved and resonated with each other, and Gu Chensha used the Heavenly Dao to perfectly revolve them.

When the Five Elements Body Transformations evolved to the extreme, one could combine the Five Elements to give birth to all things, reaching the realm of the Lawful Embodiment of Heaven and Earth.

Gu Chensha was very familiar with this realm. He was even familiar with the highest transformation, the River of All Things. Breaking through to this realm was not difficult at all. All he needed was time. Another month passed.

Dou Nineteen's true body was imprisoned within. He suddenly moved. "I've already brought the Azure Dragon egg and the White Tiger egg. The three-month deadline is also up. Zhuge Ya, you should let me go now. Our agreement should still be in effect." "Of course."

Zhuge Ya nodded. "Our Calming Immortal Agency is the most trustworthy. Since you've brought the Azure Dragon egg and the White Tiger egg, we won't make things difficult for you. Actually, with your strength, one more won't affect the overall situation, and one less won't be of much help to our Calming Immortal Agency. If we kill you, we'll suffer great losses. We might as well cooperate with you. We can increase our strength together, and your position in the system of the three great Heavenly Venerables will rise.

As he spoke, Zhuge Ya had already sensed Dou Nineteen's clone. He opened up the space within the sphere of the Life's Wish and collected the clone. The clone wrapped around the two eggs. One was green, and the other was silvery-white.

"Memory, read!"

Zhuge Ya immediately used some secret arts to read the clone's memories. He then activated the secret arts to augment Dou Nineteen's true body. He had already obtained all the information on how Dou Nineteen had obtained the two eggs.

After that, he ran through the memories repeatedly. When he found no flaws, he nodded. "Looks like you didn't play any tricks."

"Why would I?" Dou Nineteen said. "I also need the bloodline of these four sacred beasts after they hatch."