Chapter 801
===========

Whoosh! Longevity God appeared next to Zhuge Ya. . M

Longevity God's current cultivation has reached a state where he can comprehend Divergent. As long as he comprehends Divergent, he can advance to the Empyrean Realm.

It must be known that Longevity God obtained the three True God Positions of Fortune, Prosperity, and Longevity. His cultivation has surpassed most True Gods of the Immemorial Era. Even Maha God is inferior to him in terms of foundation.

Because he also obtained various cultivation methods of Calmness Immortal Department and comprehended its mysteries, he has a high chance of breaking through to the Empyrean Realm in the future.

Everyone in Calmness Immortal Department has the highest chance of becoming Divergent. Not to mention others, the former 'Divergent King' Xing Qiongshi was completely refined by Gu Chensha into the Divine Land Gourd. Now, the Divine Land Gourd also contains the Dao of Divergent.

Sooner or later, Gu Chensha will thoroughly comprehend the Dao of Divergent and turn everyone in Calmness Immortal Department into Divergent, becoming Empyreans in the future.

"Damn, what kind of thing is Primal Chaos Great Emperor? Really, all kinds of ghosts come out. "

Longevity God also knew about the situation here: "Last time in Desolate Dragon Gate, Your Highness was slashed by The Great Spirit God's talisman. That talisman contains the secret of Infinity Saber and Infinity Sword. Therefore, after Your Highness came back, you already know who the masters of Infinity Saber and Infinity Sword are. That's Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian. The reason why you didn't capture them immediately is because you want to catch the big fish. Who knew that you would catch seven Infinity Treasures and some Primal Chaos Great Emperor. " "I, Primal Chaos Great Emperor, is just a gimmick name for this person."

Zhuge Ya thought about it for a moment. "But he said he came from the future, which is worth considering. Regardless of whether he's telling the truth or not, he's definitely strong. He's no weaker than the Immortal Lord, Wan Senshi, or any of the other old-timers. Furthermore, he's got some reserve power to back him up, otherwise he wouldn't have been able to suppress the reincarnations of these boundless treasures."

"The reincarnations of these Endless treasures aren't strong enough. Their strength is far from a Heavenly Sovereign's. Even if Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian join forces, they can only contend with a Heavenly Sovereign." The Longevity God said, "With my current cultivation base, I can even suppress the Endless Sword. It's only natural for them to be suppressed by that Chaos Emperor. "

"Go all out to capture him," Zhuge Ya said. "He actually collected a needle, a book, a tree, a pill, a palace, a brush, and an armor.

Seven Infinity Treasures are no small matter. With them, he might actually be able to collect all of the remaining Infinity Treasures.

The Celestial Calmness Department has fourteen, the Endless Heart, Gu Tanjian, and Gu Changjian. Adding these seven, that makes a total of twenty-four Infinity Treasures. That leaves twelve that haven't appeared yet. That's a secret patrol. Our Celestial Calmness Department has thirty-six Infinity Treasures.

In the future, when we open the Celestial Gate, we'll take the throne of Emperor Of Heaven. That's the key to controlling the situation. "

Longevity God and Zhuge Ya returned from the devil domain to the Lesser Primordial Tree. "Come on, let's go back and report this to His Highness."

At this time, Gu Chensha was meditating under the tree, recovering his strength and comprehending the mysteries.

"His Highness." Longevity God knelt down on one knee and told him what had happened.

"Chaos Emperor …" Gu Chensha opened his eyes. "Interesting, interesting. He actually dared to give himself such a name. He is arrogant and is not far from death. He said that he came from the future, which makes sense. What is his background? For such an expert to suddenly appear, we really need to think about it." "His Highness is really strong, so you will definitely be able to find the source."

Zhuge Ya frowned. "I am still at the Dao Realm 36 Transformations. He is at the peak of Embodiment Transformation and hasn't broken through to Heaven Venerable. If he can, then I will be able to deduce his whereabouts."

"There's no need to rush. Brother Zhuge, study the Divine Prefecture Gourd and familiarize yourself with the characteristics of the Xing Qiong Clan's King of Oddities. Then, you'll definitely be able to comprehend the Oddities and smoothly become a Celestial Lord. Currently, the Celestial Lord candidates of our Celestial Calmness Department are you, the Longevity God, and Uncle Wen.

Gu Chensha said, "I'm currently integrating the Path of Divergence into the Human Dragon Fist. In the future, after cultivating the Human Dragon Fist, from Fool to Low Grade Aptitude, Medium Grade Aptitude, High Grade Aptitude, Genius, Unparalleled Genius, Innate Sage, and finally Divergence, everything will follow the same order."

"Everyone has the potential to become a Saint, and that is already an act that defies the will of the heavens. If everyone is an anomaly, then everyone will really be able to escape the control of the Way of Heaven and completely change the will of the heavens. The Way of Heaven will have no room to retreat, and it will have to descend to deal with us," said Zhuge Ya.

"That fellow who calls himself Primordial Chaos Great Emperor is probably a part of the Heavens' plan."

At this time, Gu Chensha released a cloud of smoke from his palm. It began to spread out, gradually forming a picture. This picture depicted the first year of the Heavenly Talisman Era. In the depths of the Endless World, there was a place called the Infernal Continent. There was a huge dynasty with a population of hundreds of billions, far larger than the Central Divine Prefecture or even the Great Might Dynasty. This dynasty's name was Infernal, the Great Fen Dynasty.

Then, one day, the emperor's queen suddenly had a dream. She dreamed that heaven and earth were collapsing, the sun and moon sinking, and the world returning to primordial chaos. The end of days had come.

Just as she was in a state of panic, a ray of light suddenly appeared in the darkness of the night. The light fell into her bosom, and then she woke up from her dream. Then, her fetal pearl formed, and she gave birth to a prince.

After this prince was born, he was extremely clever. When he grew up, he quelled the rebellions in the four directions, gathered countless heroes, and displayed all the opposing forces. He expanded his territory, slayed demons, and governed the country until the weather was good and the weather was good. Then, he ascended to the throne.

"So this fellow is the emperor of the Great Fen Dynasty of the Infernal Continent, which is billions of trillions of trillions of miles away from us? He actually came to the Central Divine Prefecture to stir up trouble? So it was a lie to say that he came from the future? "

As Longevity God Chensha divined, such a scene appeared, and a cold smile appeared on his face. "An uncivilized country. Although it has a large population, it's still far from being comparable to our Central Divine Prefecture. How dare he pretend to be some Primordial Chaos Great Emperor to stir up trouble and destroy his country." "This person is indeed strange. It's not a lie to say that he came from the future."

Gu Chensha stopped divining. "The empress of the Great Fen Dynasty dreamed of the destruction of the world, and a ray of light was born into her arms, giving birth to this child. His background is very clear.

"Actually, the past, the present, and the future daos are all things that the Heavenly Daos can control. Some of the old-timers from the Primeval Era have been revived, and some of the powerful figures from the future have been affected by the Heavenly Daos and sent to this world. That's not strange at all.

"And this person is called the Primordial Chaos Great Emperor, so he does have some tricks up his sleeve. He does have a special ability, which is to extract all sorts of treasures from the primal chaos. He doesn't need world energy, and his extraction methods and speed far surpass anyone's imagination. For example, if I extract a treasure from the primal chaos right now … " Gu Chensha made a grasping motion. Immediately, a large clump of primal chaos energy descended.

Then Gu Chensha poured his world energy into it. The clump of primal chaos energy wriggled, and some of the impurities were squeezed out. Gradually, it transformed into a flying sword.

The flying sword gradually shrank, and it gave off the aura of a precelestial spirit treasure. Countless runes revolved around it like stars in the sky.

Six hours later, the sword trembled and began to soar through the air. It was full of spirituality, and could slay gods.

"This is an imitation of the Limitless Sword. It's very powerful and can cut through worlds. I extracted it from the primal chaos, and it took six hours. If it was an old-timer from the Heaven Longevity Realm, even if it was Wan Senshi, it would take at least a few years, maybe even a decade, to create a similar flying sword from the primal chaos."

Gu Chensha said, "But I only need six hours. That means my cultivation level is far above Wan Senshi's."

He then waved his hand again, and another cloud of smoke appeared. It was a mysterious armored man who claimed to be the Primal Chaos Emperor. He was also cultivating his artifact. In front of him, a small mountain made up of Primal Chaos Elemental Energy appeared. Then, he grabbed the Primal Chaos Elemental Energy from the mountain and refined it.

The speed at which he extracted it was only slightly slower than Gu Chensha's, and far below the old-timers like Wan Senshi and the immortal master.

"This person's cultivation is at the Heaven Longevity Realm, but his usage of chaotic energy far surpasses that level. In other words, he can create many supreme treasures in a short time, which is why he calls himself the Primal Chaos Emperor. That doesn't mean he can truly rule the primal chaos. At best, he's just very close to it.

He's very useful to me. If I capture him and refine him into the Divine Prefecture Gourd and the Little Hongmeng Tree, our manufacturing ability will greatly increase. Furthermore, his thoughts come from the future, so he's even more useful to me. "

Gu Chensha waved his hand, and a vast river appeared in front of him. It had no beginning and no end, stretching all the way to the end of time.

"This is the River of Time, the Path of Time.

It has been surging forward majestically, and we have built a dam above this river to cut off the water. "Suddenly, a dam appeared in the middle of the river. The dam blocked the center of the River of Time, and the future behind it began to wither. appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy)