Chapter 663
===========

"The Buddhist Sect can't do much anymore."

Yuan Guang said, "In the distant Paramita Mountain, all that's left of the Buddhist Sect's big shots is some will. All the big shots have perished. Sooner or later, we'll refine the Paramita Mountain and turn it into our Heavenly Devil Race's base camp. We'll start with the Human Dragon Guild.

The Human Dragon Guild wants to gather faith and obtain power for the Paramita Mountain. However, we can gradually steal faith in the future and worship the Supreme Primeval Heart Devil in the name of Buddhism. In this way, as time passes, we can occupy the Paramita Mountain and eat it. "

"With our help, the Dharma Saint actually advanced to a medium-class world. But I really don't understand. This person is actually not on the same path as us. In the future, he might even pose a threat to our race's great cause," Yuan An said. Really?

"This is the plan of the ancestors. What kind of agreement did they make with the ancestors?" Yuan An looked at Yuan Hun.

"I don't know either. The agreement between the ancestors and the Dharma Saint must have its reasons."

Yuan Hun shook his head. "We'll just do our own thing. The Dharma Saint represents the essence of an era. The ancient human sages created the orthodoxy of human civilization. And the Dharma Saint is the leader of the ancient sages. It can be said that he led a great era.

This person is not to be underestimated. We can't have any conflict with him for now. But when we develop the Human Dragon Guild, we will still receive his help. "

"That's good. Our main task is to expand the Human Dragon Guild. We can even capture some other members of the Devil Race and increase the number of guardian vajra to hundreds of millions, or even billions. Anyway, there are many low-level demons. In our Infernal Domain, we have no lack of demons," Yuan Guang said.

"Right now, the Human Dragon Guild only has tens of millions of demons. It's far from enough. We can't even control the Sin Province.

If we want the Sin Province to be full and the Human Dragon Guild's Microscopic World completely advanced to a Minor Chiliocosm, we need at least billions of demons to become guardian vajra.

The advantage of the Buddhist Sect is that as long as there are living creatures, after being enlightened, their minds will be pure and single-minded. The power of their prayers and sacrifices is much higher than that of ordinary people. Everyone is a devout believer or even a fanatic. This allowed the experts of the Buddhist Sect to create worlds much faster. "

Yuan Hun said, "We might be able to borrow some of the Human-Dragon League's methods to steal faith and create our own Microscopic World." "I have to steal faith."

Yuan Guang said, "Maybe we can even obtain some treasures from the Buddhist Sect to increase our strength. In my clan, strength is everything. If we can have a great opportunity, hehe … maybe we can become Empyrean level existences."

"That's right. Every time there's a tribulation, a huge opportunity will appear. Even a minor character can soar into the sky. As long as we can seize the opportunity, we'll be able to accomplish many impossible things." Yuan Hun's eyes were piercing through the sky.

"Not bad, not bad. To think that these few demons would have some knowledge. The Ancient Heavenly Fiend Race is indeed different from the other demon races." Suddenly, a voice rang down from the sky.

"Who is it?!" The three demons were shocked.

Then, the space around them changed. The entire world seemed to have undergone a great shift. The surrounding space-time was moved into a huge world.

This world was extremely vast. There were layers of space everywhere. In the center of the space, there was an incomparably huge tree. This tree penetrated into the depths of the various spaces, as if it was supporting the entire world.

"This is …" The three demons roared, "The Sphere of People's Wish, a dimensional world!"

"That's right. This is the dimensional world of the Sphere of People's Wish. Three Heavenly Fiends, you really have guts to dare infiltrate the Human-Dragon League."

Gu Chensha appeared in front of the three demons. "You demons still want to control Qin Han. The Buddha's Kasaya contains the Demonic Will of an Empyrean level expert. Unfortunately, it's all under my control. Now, I've absorbed the Demonic Will and turned it into a Heavenly Fiend Relic. As for you guys, you can become real monks.

I've just mastered all the Buddhist Sect's purification techniques. The Buddhist Sect has many methods to purify Heavenly Fiends. Since you want to become monks so much, how can I not help you? " Gu Chensha laughed.

He didn't plan on killing these three demons because they were all God level experts. Although there would be many benefits to killing them, they would only provide some nutrients for the World Tree. The gains wouldn't be that great.

He wanted to use the Buddhist Sect's secret techniques to completely purify the three demons, turning them into the real Yuan Guang, Yuan Yin, and Yuan Hun. They would contribute to the Buddhist Sect's resurgence. This could also be considered an agreement between the Buddhist Sect and the Calming Immortal Department.

There were many things in the Buddhist Sect that were very beneficial for governing a country. Gu Chensha felt that if the Buddhist Sect's teachings and civilization were integrated into the Yongchō Civilization, it would definitely add a lot of color to the Yongchō Civilization.

There were many things in the Buddhist Sect that allowed people to get rid of their worries, calm them down, dispel evil thoughts in their hearts, and promote good thoughts. These things could add new blood to the Yongchō Civilization.

As long as Gu Chensha reformed the teachings and expelled some things that didn't conform to the times, he would be able to maintain long-term peace.

"No …" At this moment, the three demons, Yuan Guang, Yuan Yin, and Yuan Hun, roared.

The three experts let out earth-shattering roars. Instantly, boundless demonic qi began to condense, and a demonic light turned into a large hand that slammed toward Gu Chensha. The large hand twisted and wailed, and in an instant, countless runes assembled and arranged themselves. It seemed as if one could see the limits of its bewitchment. Even the demons in the depths of Gu Chensha's heart were vaguely drawn out.

"Heavenly Demon Heart Prison Large Hand Imprint?"

A playful look appeared on Gu Chensha's face. "This technique is indeed powerful. Unfortunately, I know all the methods of the Heavenly Demon Clan. Not only did I obtain the complete version of the Maha Suppression Scripture, but I also obtained all the legacies of the Buddhist Sect's civilization. The Buddhist Sect has been in contact with the Heavenly Demon Clan for many years, so I know all the methods of the Heavenly Demon Clan. To me, this little bit of attack is like the buzzing of a mosquito."

As he spoke, Gu Chensha's body moved and his entire body began to transform. He suddenly turned into three characters that passed through the attack of the giant palm and imprinted themselves on the bodies of the three Sky Devil Clan experts. Instantly, the three words gave off a Buddhist light. It covered all three of them.

"Good, not bad."

Gu Chensha said, "All of you are God Realm, especially Yuan Hun. You are actually at the 31st Transformation of Dao Realm. Compared to Yuan Guang and Yuan Yin, you are one level higher. No wonder you are first out of the three of them. I am helping all of you to break free from the Heavenly Demon Realm and join the Buddhist Sect. All of you should be happy." Gu Chensha could use his own cultivation to suppress God Realm experts.

When he was at the 26th Transformation, 10,000 Techniques Return to One, he could defeat Dou Yiyu's God Realm clone, let alone now that he was at the 27th Transformation.

It was easy to deal with the three Heavenly Demon God Realm experts. He didn't even need to use the power of the medium-sized world.

Now, he was activating the Release Bow and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows that he had refined to dissolve the demonic nature and turn it into Buddhist nature, causing the Heavenly Demon to turn into a Buddha God.

Because the Heavenly Demon Race walked the extreme demonic path, if they turned into Buddhas, it would be much easier for them to turn into Buddhas.

Large amounts of Buddhist power surged down as Gu Chensha used his own cultivation to forcefully purify the three Heavenly Demons.

The three Heavenly Demons struggled and the demonic energy became even stronger, like they were about to devour Gu Chensha.

There was also a demonic will that surpassed the endless will that seeped out of the three Heavenly Demons' bodies.

"Good, this is the Primordial Demon Will. It must be something that the old antiques of the Heavenly Demon Race left in your bodies. If I continue to purify you, the Primordial Demon Will will corrode your souls. If I fail, I will be demonized and turn into a demon. Unfortunately, this is useless to me. Instead, it will become a tool for me to train my heart. "

A smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face. His body moved, and the Primordial Demon Will was actively accepted by him, fusing it into the depths of his soul.

Immediately, Gu Chensha's entire body became strange. Countless negative emotions were triggered, and he was on the verge of turning into a demon. But at this moment, his will and dao were triggered.

The Life Heaven Mending Art and the Life Heaven Reforming Art worked together, directly shattering the Primordial Demon Will and turning it into nourishment for him.

His spirit soared once more, and he was about to break through the twenty-eighth transformation, the Vacuum Crushing Realm.

Actually, the twenty-seventh transformation was a threshold. As long as he broke through it, Gu Chensha's next two transformations wouldn't be too difficult.

"What a pity. Just a little bit more."

At the last moment, Gu Chensha stopped in his tracks. He waved his hand, and three beams of Buddhist light shot out in all directions, enveloping the three Devils. The demonic will in the three Heavenly Demons was transformed into a Buddhist nature.

"Merciful Buddha!"

The three Heavenly Demons slowly knelt down and kowtowed to Gu Chensha. "Many thanks, Your Highness, for showing us the right path, allowing us to see our true natures and become Buddhas. We've broken free from the Heavenly Demons and gained great freedom. From now on, Your Highness is our only Buddha."

"Very good," said Gu Chensha. "Change your names to Righteous Light, Righteous Darkness, and Righteous Hun.

Or the three great Buddhist Monks, assist the Human-Dragon Union in fighting the Heavenly Demons. With your help, the Human-Dragon Union will have a much easier time fighting the Heavenly Demons. "

Right now, Gu Chensha could easily crush god-tier experts, but that didn't mean others could toy with them.