Chapter 566
===========

"Many experts of the Devil Race are also plotting for the treasures of the Celestial Pacification Department."

Wu Dangkong said, "Indeed, we can't let these treasures fall into the hands of the Devil Race. Otherwise, those devils of the Devil Race will turn hostile and ignore us. At that time, when they devour us, they won't care about things like morality, trust, or contracts."

Although Wu Dangkong and the others had colluded with the Devil Race and wanted to borrow their hands to deal with the Celestial Pacification Department, not a single one of them could be trusted by the Devil Race.

It was impossible for the Devil Race to believe them. This was an unbreakable truth that had existed since time immemorial.

From the very beginning, Wu Dangkong's plan was to let the Devil Race and the Celestial Pacification Department fight each other until both sides suffered heavy losses. Then, he would take advantage of the situation. It would be best if he could kill more devils and use them as sacrifices. Moreover, Wu Dangkong had to kill Gu Chensha. In this way, she could monopolize the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman.

She already knew the principles behind many things. She also knew that Gu Chensha had once obtained this talisman. Later on, this talisman was twisted by Gu Taxian, causing her to share half of the power she obtained with Gu Chensha every time she sacrificed herself. Only when Gu Chensha died would she obtain all of the sacrificial energy. In this world, she was the only one who wanted Gu Chensha to die the most.

"The Devil Calamity that the Devil Race launched this time is no small matter. After the devils annihilate the Celestial Pacification Department, we will reverse the benevolence of the world, quell the Devil Calamity, and kill countless devils."

Wu Dangkong said, "Everyone, you must help me. As long as there is a large number of devils to sacrifice, you can obtain whatever you want." Greed flashed in everyone's eyes.

They all knew how miraculous the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman was. As long as there were enough souls as sacrifices, they could exchange it for anything from the Heavenly Dao.

"The demons are unreliable."

Fa Wuxian said, "Although Lord Warlock Saint is cooperating with the dwarf demon clan, he is actually just pretending to be polite. When things are almost done, he will exterminate the dwarf demon clan and assimilate it into all the Realms of Dharma to obtain the supreme Path of Ascension. I believe that the demon clan is the same. They will definitely want to kill us and occupy the Divine Continent, which is an important location. The Divine Continent is the center of all realms. If they occupy this place, they will be able to use all kinds of methods to plunder many other realms. Moreover, the Demonic Territory is dangerous, while the Boundless Mainland is rich in treasures.

The Demon Domain was shrouded in darkness all year round, and was extremely repressive. After living in the Demon Domain for such a long time, even the smelly gutters of the Endless Mainland would be a paradise for them. The demons naturally wanted to occupy the Land of Infinity that was rich in resources.

"We have to think of a way to obtain the treasures before the Celestial Calmness Department collapses."

Gu Tanjian said, "This time, the many races of the Devil Clan have joined forces, and they all have their own Minor Chiliocosm. If they launch an all-out attack, the Celestial Calmness Department will be completely destroyed in an instant. This is the best opportunity for us to make a move. However, in a battle of this level, even Deity Realm experts are useless. We have to rely on a treasure that can defend against all attacks. Only the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman's Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar can do that."

"When the time comes, I'll send all of you into the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar. You'll be the first to enter the collapsing Celestial Calmness Department, and then you'll get the best chance." Wu Dangkong knew what to do. "You should be satisfied now, right?" "That's for the best."

Fa Wuxian and Xuan An both felt that there was no problem. They also wanted to peek into the true mysteries of the Sun Moon Altar. This was the best opportunity.

"We can't just sit back and watch the officials, either."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha had been listening quietly. "These days, I've heard that the Fourth has been contacting all sorts of officials. He's been mobilizing all sorts of troops. He seems to have sensed something." "Damn."

Wu Dangkong looked over. "Wu Dang Xing hasn't come yet. He must be trying to get information from both sides. He's giving information to the Celestial Calmness Department. He's even more unreliable than the Devil Clan."

"It doesn't matter. Wu Dang Xing is just a clown. He's just a flash in the pan. In front of absolute power, so what if the Celestial Calmness Department knows?"

Fa Wuxian laughed coldly. "Just look at how the Celestial Calmness Department is gathering troops and talking to the officials. I can see that they're still fantasizing about resisting the Devil Calamity."

"That's a good thing," Xuan An said. "If the Celestial Calmness Department escapes, things will be difficult." "Escape?"

Wu Dangkong laughed mockingly. "They've already been targeted by the Devil Clan. It's impossible for them to escape. The more they run, the harder it will be.

Once they escape, the image they've built up will collapse. Let's see what the people will say about the Celestial Calmness Department. I can escape, but the Celestial Calmness Department can only fight to the death. " "They've gotten themselves killed."

Gu Changjian said, "The Celestial Calmness Department has always prioritized morality. But what's the Celestial Designer Institute's arrangement? Has the Lady gone to negotiate with them? " "The Celestial Designer Institute!"

When Wu Dang Kong heard these words, a serious expression appeared on his face. "The Celestial Designer Institute actually holds the leading position in the world. If it was in the past, there would be no need to worry about those two old fellows of the Uncanny Designer Institute.

I've been communicating with them, but the Celestial Designer Institute hasn't responded. I don't know if they're friend or foe. This is a bit tricky. " "I'll go negotiate with the Celestial Designer Institute again."

Fa Wuxian said, "If the Celestial Designer Institute doesn't work with us or stop us from redividing the world, then there's no need for them to exist." "Fa Wuxian, how arrogant."

At this moment, a voice rang out. After that, a young man appeared in the hall. This young man had an elegant demeanor, and he seemed to be around 18 or 19 years old. His eyes shone with a rainbow-colored luster, and in the depths of his eyes, one could see layers upon layers of boundless perfection.

"Who is it?!" Fa Wuxian suddenly attacked. Instantly, a crescent light slashed out. This crescent light was the Blade of Law Enforcement that the Dharma Saint had given him.

Who knew that the teen flicked his finger and the Blade of Law Enforcement flew back? Fa Wuxian grunted and it seemed like he had taken a huge loss.

"Mahākāśyapa Finger Technique, Hell-Crushing Strike, Dao Realm Twenty-Nine Transformations, Enlightenment of primordial chaos, Innate Saint potential." Fa Wuxian continued, "You're from the devil region, a member of the Sovereign Devil Clan, a descendant of God Mahākāśyapa." "That's right, I am Maha Linfeng."

The teen cupped his fists, "However, I am not from the demon race, I am a human. Maha God was also born as a human and has nothing to do with the demon race.

It's just that we live in the Demon Region and suppress many demon races, which is why we are called the Emperor Devil Race. "

"This is all ancient history. Could it be that the ancient Demon Emperor Clan wants a piece of the pie in this Demon Calamity? Also, what has the Celestial Designer Institute got to do with you? "

Wu Dangkong knew that this Maha Linfeng didn't come with good intentions. Especially the Emperor Devil Race, they were the noblest among the many demon races and were the rulers. However, after Maha God was sealed, many of them didn't listen to his orders. Some even wanted to rebel and devour the Emperor Devil Race. That was how the demon race was. The strong ruled. If you weren't strong today, you would be torn to pieces.

"I am the Deputy Dean of the Celestial Designer Institute and also the fiancé of the Mistress of the Celestial Designer Institute, Gu Huan Sha."

Maha Linfeng said, "I received the Mistress' invitation and came here immediately. I can represent her." "Gu Huan Sha!"

Wu Dangkong seemed to know some secrets. "Seems like you know about the demon disaster. I wonder what the attitude of the Emperor Devil Race is?" "The demon disaster this time has nothing to do with our Maha Family."

Maha Linfeng didn't seem to want to admit that he was from the Emperor Devil Race. Instead, he listed himself as a human aristocratic family. "It was the midget demon race who joined forces with the demon dragon, blood demon, snake demon, bone demon, ox demon, goat demon, horse demon, ghost demon, and dozens of other demon races. They didn't inform our Maha Family either."

"Looks like your Emperor Devil Race can't keep the situation under control anymore." Fa Wuxian said. "To think that you've reached out to the Immortal Master." Fa Wuxian knew many secrets as well. Clearly, the Dharma Saint had told him some things.

"The Maha Family has always been on good terms with the Immortal Master."

Maha Linfeng said. "But let's get back to the main topic. The midget demon race's attack this time is to make use of this opportunity to push the spirit and demon natures into a fight to gain the most benefits and challenge the Sky Demon Race's position. The Sky Demon Race has yet to respond. Everyone, be careful. Who knows, while you're scheming against others, others might be scheming against you too. "

"We can work with the Heavenly Designer Institute to stabilize the situation after the demon disaster." Wu Dangkong said. "Your Emperor Devil Race wants to save God Maha?

And return to the Divine Continent and establish your aristocratic family. I can satisfy all of your requests. " "Looks like the Mistress can't wait to become the Emperor?" Maha Linfeng laughed.

"The throne of the world belongs to me. I have the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman. It is the will of the heavens." Wu Dang Kong was unwilling to pass on this responsibility. "Could it be that the person from the Heavenly Designer Institute also wants to become the emperor?" "That's not it." Maha Linfeng said. "We have our own plans. We won't clash with the Mistress." "Then how do we work together?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"You can take all of the Celestial Calmness Division's treasures, including the Life's Wish Sphere. But the Heavenly Designer Institute wants the talents of the Celestial Calmness Division: Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, and Jin Suibo. They're all talents. We can't let them go to waste, "Maha Linfeng said.

"Oh? Then what about Gu Chensha and Gu Huasha? "Fa Wuxian frowned.

"The Immortal Master wants these two. When the time comes, the Immortal Master will personally make a move. Anyone with the Immortal Treading Bloodline will be taken by the Immortal Master." Maha Linfeng's words caused Gu Xuansha, Gu Danjian, and Gu Changjian's expressions to change.