Chapter 188
===========

"Lou Baiyue is really amazing. Her methods are far beyond ours."

Luo Wu, Bao Ming 'er, Mu Ye, and the others stood far away from the Buzhou Palace, watching the battle in the center of the palace. Strong Xiantian Earth Energy swept everywhere, and those with weak cultivations didn't dare to get close.

"Look, a few barbarian kings have joined the battle!"

Three barbarian kings appeared on the battlefield, all of them above the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Realm.

The barbarian king of a large tribe, or even several large tribes, had to be a barbarian with a Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Body or above.

"These barbarian kings are strong, one of them is even at the Thirteen Transformation Realm."

Mu Ye smiled, "Look, the three barbarian kings have a formation created by the Barbarian Saint, the Three Origin Life and Death Formation. It gathers their Xiantian Earth Energy and souls together, making it extremely powerful.

These three barbarian kings are all disciples of the Barbarian Saint, and the dead Demonslaughter Crown Prince's senior and junior brothers. We must take revenge this time. "

"The Barbarian Saint is the true soul of the barbarian race, and his cultivation is on par with the ancient saints.

Bao Ming 'er said, "It was because of this person that the barbarians were able to reach an agreement with the many Evil Gods that the barbarians were able to prosper. They even showed signs of getting rid of the Evil Gods.

"Why doesn't the Heavenly Talisman Emperor kill him?" Huangfu Fengyun asked.

"If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor didn't have the suppression of the Heavenly Dao, he could have killed him. But as the Great Yongchō court grew stronger, the world's fate was in full swing, and the ancient changes caused the human qi to soar into the sky, offending the Heavenly Dao. So the Heavenly Talisman Emperor sent down many disasters. But the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is suppressing ninety percent of his power. Otherwise, the world would have suffered a long time ago.

In addition, the Barbarian Saint has signed a contract with many evil gods to help each other. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor also has to divert his attention to block the demon passage in the Bottomless Sea of Sin to prevent the demons from descending. He also has to guard against the Immortal Dao, "Yinxuan said," Even if he has billions of spells, he can't kill everyone. "

"If he gives up on the court and stops suppressing the Divine Prefecture, he can use all his power." Luo Wu suddenly said, "Then who can stop him?" Hearing this, many people fell silent.

"Right, where is Gu Chensha? Why did it suddenly disappear? "Mu Ye asked with a smile.

"He has many secrets on him. Although his cultivation is low, he is deep and unfathomable. He cannot be underestimated."

Huangfu Fengyun spoke, "Everyone says that he has the worst aptitude out of all the sons of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. But after interacting with him, I feel that he truly isn't an ordinary person. He's extremely shrewd and doesn't have the pampered aura of a prince."

"Look, even the experts of the demon race have come out. That's the Thunder Beast King, Lei Wusha. He leads the Thunder Beast Tribe and is one of the most powerful demon races in the Desolate Mountains." Luo Wu pointed to the front.

Suddenly, a wild beast that looked like a giant elephant appeared. It had a spiral horn, and it released intense lightning that was deafening and powerful.

The lightning beast's body flickered with lightning, and its demonic aura soared to the heavens. Occasionally, a small humanoid figure would appear on its head. This was the Primordial Spirit.

This Lightning Beast had already cultivated to the 14th Transformation of the Dao Realm, the Yuan Shen Realm.

The Lightning Beast itself was a primordial mutated species that could emit lightning. It was extremely intelligent, almost as if it had the intelligence of a human. If it was guided by an expert, its cultivation would be extremely fast.

As for this Lei Wusha, he had obtained the guidance of Demon Sage Li Wanlong by chance. His cultivation had advanced by leaps and bounds, and he had actually cultivated to the Fourteen Transformations of Primordial Divinity. As long as he advanced another two transformations, he would be able to reincarnate into a corpse and seize the physical body of a human.

However, the Lightning Beast's body was much stronger than a human's. It wasn't worth it to abandon its original body and take over a human's body.

Only by cultivating to the 17th Transformation, the Dao Splitting Soul Doppelganger could one split into three and one Yuan Shen would be able to find the body of an unparalleled genius to take over.

"So many experts! This Thunder Beast King! "

From the Sun Moon Altar, Gu Chensha observed the battlefield carefully. He could already see all the experts at a glance.

The demons and barbarians attacked Lou Baiyue and the Fourth. However, the two of them relied on the Ten Thousand Miles Soaring Cloud Flag to move extremely fast, so it was difficult for them to catch up.

But at this moment, the three barbarian kings joined forces and took out some kind of Dharma treasure. Spider silk filled the sky and gradually spread out, like a net to stop the two of them from moving. The Thunder Beast King was even more powerful. It didn't chase them and just roared loudly.

With every roar, Lou Baiyue and the Fourth's flight would be interrupted. They didn't know what kind of Spiritual Deterrence Divine Art it used. Gu Chensha swooshed out of the Sun Moon Altar. He was invisible and formless. His speed was as fast as a shadow. Without a sound, he appeared behind the three barbarian kings.

The Demon Subduing Blade in his hand trembled slightly and stabbed out three times, enveloping the three barbarian kings. Attack!

Light exploded, almost piercing through the sun and moon. Xiantian energy gathered on the Demon Subduing Blade, but it didn't shoot out. Instead, it circulated. This was the Sun Moon Slaughter! It was also the Sun Moon Slaughter which used the clumsy fist as the foundation.

The clumsy fist was the foundation and along with the Sun Moon Slaughter, it complemented each other. It used the clumsiness of the people to show off the brilliance of the Sun Moon Emperor. Without the people, what was the point of the Sun Moon Brilliance?

An eye-catching light exploded and killing energy surged. It was as if the sun and moon were being summoned, causing phenomenons in heaven and earth.

Once Gu Chensha broke through to the sixth transformation of the Dao Realm, he also cultivated the King Dragon Armor and Demon Subduing Blade. At this moment, the killing strength of the Sun Moon Slaughter increased by dozens of times. The Sun Moon Dragon Energy was indestructible. Puchi!

Before the three barbarian kings could react, they saw the sun and moon descend from the sky and explode beside them. Then, they didn't know what happened.

Three heads flew into the air and their bodies were sliced into pieces. Their flesh and souls instantly disappeared. Within the Sun Moon Altar, three blood balls appeared.

The three famous barbarian kings were instantly killed and they didn't even have a chance to fight back. The few treasures on their bodies were all kept into the Sun Moon Altar.

"This is!"

Luo Wu and the others paid close attention to the battlefield. Gu Chensha's sudden appearance shocked them. What they didn't expect was that the moment he appeared, he killed the three barbarian kings.

"This person's killing strength!"

Just now, the light exploded and killing energy swept the wilderness. The sun and moon fell and the land was covered in it. The aura was so vast that it terrified all of them. Gu Chensha didn't stop and pounced towards the Lightning Beast King Lightning Martial Vengeance.

He pounced forwards and hid his body. In the next instant, he appeared in the distance and pounced once more before disappearing once more. He was just like a ghost.

Lightning Beast King Lightning Martial Vengeance locked onto him. The horn on his head shot out lightning but it missed several times. Instead, it allowed him to get close to him. Kong!

The Thunder Wusha's body suddenly surged with large amounts of lightning. It was extremely dense and spread outwards with a force that could topple mountains and overturn seas. Such might could even destroy mountains.

But at this time, Gu Chensha had already appeared beside it and stabbed out with his sword. A whirlpool appeared on the sword and absorbed the lightning astral energy cleanly. Many of the lightning rays that bombarded his body also disappeared in an instant. It was as if he was a bottomless abyss that could absorb any existence.

The Dragon Transformation Pagoda had transformed into the Dragon Gate. Even the experts of the Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple didn't expect that one day, this treasure would undergo such a transformation. In an instant. Gu Chensha ignored all attacks and closed in once more. He struck out with his sword. It was still the Sun Moon Slaughter combined with the Clumsy Fist Nine Arts. Resplendent light covered the nine heavens. The sun and moon fell and the people cried.

This sword move was invincible and could cut through anything. The Sun and Moon Astral Dragon sighed faintly as if the ancient saints were lamenting the hardships of the people. It seemed like the ancient gods were lamenting. It turned out that the gods weren't immortal. They were invincible from the moment they came out of the cave. This was Gu Chensha's current state. One sword pressed down and ghosts and gods bowed. Puchi!

All the body-protecting energy was sliced open like oil. Gu Chensha ignored all defenses and the Demon Descending Blade was like the punishment of the heavens as it stabbed into the body of the Lightning Beast King Lightning Martial Vengeance.

Lightning Martial Vengeance was an expert at the 14th Transformation of the Dao Realm, but in front of Gu Chensha, there was nothing he could do. Any attack that touched Gu Chensha's body would totally disappear. Kong!

After being stabbed by the sword, Lightning Martial Vengeance cried out in pain. But it wasn't like the three barbarian kings. It was a Lightning Beast and its lifeforce far exceeded that of humans. When it was injured, the earth energy around its body rotated and a destructive demonic energy exploded. The moment it spread outwards, everyone sensed an extremely dangerous aura.

"Demon Destroying the World!" Many experts retreated in fear of being affected by this move.

Lightning Martial Vengeance raised his claw and gathered earth energy. He was unbelievably quick and used Demon Destroying the World to lock onto Gu Chensha's Demon Descending Blade. Honglong! A huge amount of earth energy spread out.

When the ripples dissipated, Gu Chensha stood there proudly. He held his sword and didn't move at all like he was unharmed.

Lightning Martial Vengeance's giant body flew into the air. Blood dripped from his claw and he was actually stabbed.

"What? He dares to face Demon Destroying the World head-on? "

Mu Yexiao's eyes opened wide, "Demon Destroying the World was created by Monster Saint Li Wanlong and it is the limit of earth energy. Even I have to avoid it and can't take it head-on.

Especially when Lightning Martial Vengeance is used with the body of a Lightning Beast, the earth energy is so thick that it can destroy everything. But he is actually unharmed? " "Is he still human?" Bao Ming 'er was clear, "Dragon Transformation Tower?

No, even if the Dragon Transformation Tower can absorb Xiantian earth energy, it shouldn't be able to reach such a level. Did he improve it? " Bao Ming 'er knew that Gu Chensha had the Dragon Transformation Tower. Kill! At that moment, before the celestial disciples could react, Gu Chensha attacked once more.

The Demon Descending Blade in his hand changed endlessly like a magic trick. It burst forth with a brilliant light, and it didn't take any time to reach Lightning Martial Vengeance's head.

Lightning Martial Vengeance raised his claw again. It was as big as a door, and Xiantian earth energy formed runes on it. The runes formed layers of trajectories and arcs as he fought with Gu Chensha.

Lightning Martial Vengeance's body was huge, but his martial arts were as light as a butterfly. It was obvious that he had cultivated his martial arts to the extreme.