Chapter 1133
============

Insufferably arrogant Hearing Qin Guang threaten to kill him, Zhou Qin couldn't help laughing in anger. Right now, he was the strongest person apart from Gu Chensha.

Even if Lou Baiyue had tricked him, with the combined power of the six of them, he wouldn't be able to easily kill her. However, if it was a one-on-one battle, Lou Baiyue still wouldn't be a match for him. He still had a 70% chance of suppressing her.

Lou Baiyue was fine. After all, she was Gu Chensha's person. The pavilion closest to the water enjoys moonlight first.

What was Qin Guang? He was a person who had a fortuitous encounter that had suddenly appeared. At best, he was just another main character that wasn't in the old and new worlds. Although he had undergone some sort of mutation, he was still a minor character. He was just more arrogant than anyone else.

"Hahaha …" Zhou Qin started to laugh. He did not want to say another word to Qin Guang, as he felt that it was an insult to his mouth. He could only use his fists to teach him a lesson.

The fist pierced through the ages, piercing through the void and reality. Reincarnation shattered, and the great dao fell. The old and new worlds all trembled, as if they were going to be shattered by Zhou Qin's fist. In an instant, it arrived before Qin Guang.

"So ruthless."

A ruthless glint flashed in Qin Guang's eyes. He could tell that Zhou Qin was going to kill him with a single strike. Zhou Qin wanted to destroy him and the old and new worlds.

"However, Zhou Qin, I'm even more ruthless than you. If I, Qin Guang, say that I'm invincible, then I'm invincible. I don't care about Gu Chensha's so-called Panel Confusion at all. In front of me, Gu Chensha is just a weakling. Watch how I crush him in the future. Sacrifice, sacrifice, not the old or the new world, destroy it for me. " The fist that had arrived in front of him actually couldn't kill him. Zhou Qin seemed to have encountered a great obstacle. This was because the entire old and new worlds were collapsing inwardly at an unparalleled speed.

Then, the entire Old and New Worlds were about to be destroyed by Qin Guang. The power of the sacrifice was used to kill Zhou Qin. Qin Guang could be said to be deranged and completely insane.

"Qin Guang, you aren't a human at all. There aren't many living creatures in the old and new worlds, yet you were able to destroy them just like that. You are even more terrifying than a devil." Lin Yixun was shocked as well.

"Fools, it doesn't matter how many of these ants die. The more miserable their deaths are, the more my strength will increase." Qin Guang laughed malevolently. At this moment, the old and new worlds were truly facing a devastating disaster.

In a country, the highest realm was the Heaven Dao Realm expert. This country's governance was very high, and it was very harmonious. The King and his wife were observing the country's fate, and a group of officials were dancing and feasting beside them. It was the happiest place in the world.

However, all of a sudden, the entire space and time collapsed. Many of the officials were instantly turned into ashes. They didn't even have a chance to react.

The Emperor was in the Heavenly Dao Realm. He had used his most powerful divine ability, but he hadn't died. However, when he saw his wife and children turn to ash, he screamed. His heart was shattered, and he shouted, "Who is it? Who dares to destroy us? I curse you!" But then, he also turned into ashes. This was just an example.

In the entire old and new worlds, there were countless dimensions, star fields, space-time, and all kinds of vast continents. Among them, there were as many forces as the eternal sands, sects, countries, religions, ancient families, races, and so on. Everything was now facing the calamity of extinction.

"Heavens, someone actually wants to destroy our old and new worlds. Who is so ruthless? It's Qin Guang, that person called Qin Guang … Who can save us? Who can?"

Various races, including Dragons, Fairies, Dwarves, Werewolves, Liches, Vampires, Beastmen, Immortals, Celestials, and so on, were all shouting. However, they could only watch as their world collapsed.

"Ancestor, please save us!"

Some of Lin Yixun's disciples and grand-disciples were also praying. Unfortunately, Lin Yixun couldn't even protect herself, let alone them. Rumble!

No matter how many living beings in the old and new worlds cried out, it was useless. No matter how brilliant their methods were, how abundant their fate was, or how powerful their fortuitous encounters were, they were all facing destruction. The judgment of the end of the world had arrived. Even the origin of the world couldn't stop it.

"The origin of the old and new worlds? Are you blind? Are you regretting now that you found such a person?

He destroyed your body directly. Now, your will is going to be refined by him, "Lin Yixun shouted along with the others.

At this time, a stream of data appeared on Qin Guang's body. This stream of data seemed to be stopping him from destroying the old and new worlds.

"Get lost. Destroy it."

Qin Guang knew that this was not the work of the Will of the Old and New Worlds. "Since you have chosen me, you are my slave. If I want you to die, you must die. Since you still dare to resist me, then die thoroughly.

I won't be as stupid as Gu Chensha, who created the new world's will and dared to oppose him. I won't leave this hidden danger alive. " A stream of flames appeared on his body.

Suddenly, the stream of data started to burn. With a shrill scream, it completely fused into his body. His aura suddenly skyrocketed. After that, the old and new worlds' destruction also accelerated.

"Damn it, this lunatic. Where did this rash guy come from?"

Zhou Qin was furious. His body couldn't move. The destruction of the old and new worlds had completely imprisoned him. He felt great danger.

This time, he came to save Lin Yixun because he wanted to subdue Lin Yixun and suppress Qin Guang. He wanted to fuse Qin Guang into the old and new worlds, allowing this world to improve. At the same time, he himself would also advance. Ever since that battle.

In reality, he and Hong Yi and the others were already united on the surface. They all had their own ideas. They knew that if they wanted to improve to the point where they could contend against Gu Chensha, they had to kill the other five and devour them all. Only then would they be able to obtain the strongest fate to fight against Gu Chensha. Other than that, there was no other way.

This was also the reason why he was so anxious to control the old and new worlds. He had thought that it would be a piece of cake. Unexpectedly, he had fallen into a stalemate. Moreover, he seemed to be in danger of being heavily injured. Of course, he wouldn't die.

This was because he knew that it was impossible for Qin Guang to kill him. However, if he were to be heavily injured and chased by some of his companions, he would be refined. If any of his companions refined him, that companion's strength would increase by a lot and they would be able to sweep through the heavens. He wasn't afraid of anyone, but his companions.

"Qin Guang, I advise you to quickly stop. I can leave, but I don't want to fight to the death with you. You can't kill me. If you insist on killing me, I'm afraid the one who will die will be you," Zhou Qin said. "Nonsense.

"Nonsense. Zhou Qin, you talk too much nonsense. Since you've come here to save Lin Yixun, wanting to be a hero and save a damsel in distress, that means you're going against me. There's only one outcome for those who go against me — death." Qin Guang didn't care about what Zhou Qin said. His arrogance had reached an unparalleled limit. Qin Guang didn't care at all. He continued to sacrifice the Old and New Worlds.

At the moment of the sacrifice, the Old and New Worlds were finally destroyed, turning into a huge formation. It seemed like Gu Huasha's Skyless Daoless Formation from back then. However, the current formation was many times stronger than back then. If the Skyless Daoless Formation from back then was a drop of water, then the current formation was an ocean. This formation completely contained Zhou Qin within it. It made it impossible for Zhou Qin to escape.

"Zhou Qin, resist," Qin Guang said.

"I can torture you. Of course, if I devour and refine you, my strength will reach a higher level. If you have the ability, destroy yourself and die with me. Do you dare?

You don't dare, but I do. At this level, I dare to die with you. This is where I'm stronger than you. " Qin Guang laughed maniacally as he started to activate the formation.

The formation shrunk inwards. Zhou Qin's body started to explode. It seemed like his Yuan Qi was leaking, and he could no longer protect himself. Lin Yixun fell into Qin Guang's hands.

"Lin Yixun, you've finally been captured by me. What a pity. Your disciples and grand-disciples are all dead. They've fused into this formation. I can't see how you're being humiliated. It's really hard to let go of the pain in my heart."

Zhou Qin's hands kept roaming around Lin Yixun's body. This made Lin Yixun so ashamed that she wanted to die. She wanted to burn her lifespan and fight to the death with him. Unfortunately, she was completely restrained by Qin Guang. She couldn't burn her lifespan at all. At this moment, Qin Guang seemed to have a special ability that prevented Lin Yixun from doing anything. All she could do was endure.

"Now, it's your turn. Zhou Qin, you think you're the true main character. Unfortunately, you're not. You're destined to retire from the stage of history. I'm destined to stand on the stage forever."

Qin Guang spat out a mouthful of blood. He burned his lifespan for another ten billion years, injecting it into the formation. The formation was like pouring oil on a fire. It immediately started to expand. Countless powers started to germinate.

Zhou Qin was infuriated to the extreme. The person in front of him was simply unreasonable. He didn't think at all and kept killing his enemies. He was even willing to perish together with any of his enemies. He was a complete lunatic and a hysterical maniac. Zhou Qin was helpless against such an enemy. Now, Qin Guang could be said to have forced him into a dead end.

"Kid, you asked for this. After you die, don't blame me. If you want to blame someone, blame yourself for being too arrogant." Zhou Qin made up his mind.

He knew that if he didn't use his trump card, his Yuan Qi would be greatly damaged. He wouldn't be able to escape. He might even die here.

As he spoke, a huge ancient bronze bell appeared above his head. When the ancient bell rang, unparalleled ripples spread out in all directions, causing the great array to shake.