Chapter 512
===========

Seven days and seven nights passed.

Suddenly, Xing Qianxiong's armor let out a shrill cry. It was as if some kind of spirit had been completely refined and engulfed by a boundless baleful aura. "I hate, I hate, I hate …" It was the Peerless Heavenly Book's original spirit that let out a cry of pain and hatred.

"You hate me for nothing," Xing Qianxiong said viciously.

Xing Qian Xiong let out a sinister voice, "Are you regretting not joining the Tranquil Immortal Department and being devoured by me?

Don't worry, even if you join the Calming Immortal Department, I will still refine your original spirit. No one will be at ease with a Divine Weapon possessing an uncontrollable original spirit, especially those little fellows from the Calming Immortal Department. They can't control a Divine Weapon with an original spirit and will definitely absorb your original spirit. Hate me all you want. Your hatred is also a great nourishment for me. "

"Let me go, let me go …" The Peerless Heavenly Book's original spirit's cries became louder and louder. This was a battle between two Divine Level experts.

"Do you think I'll let you go when the food is in my mouth?"

Xing Qianxiong clicked his tongue. "What a joke. It wasn't easy for me to obtain a Divine Weapon with an original spirit. After fusing with me, I will have a chance to become Xing Wanxiong!

A Divine Weapon with an original spirit is too rare. Of course, I am also a Divine Weapon with an original spirit. "

"I won't let you have your way even if I die," the Peerless Heavenly Book's original spirit roared, as if it was going to use some kind of destructive technique.

"Is that so?

If you were at your peak, I would be very afraid. Those people from the Everlasting Heavenly Sect forged you to be extremely powerful. Unfortunately, many of your foundations were destroyed and you were betrayed by Jin Suibo. You lost your Five Star profound meaning and were injured by the Calming Immortal Department. Now, all you can do is work for me. Why are you still struggling? Divine Prefecture Great Technique! "

Xing Qianxiong used his trump card. Instantly, layers of divine prefecture appeared in the air, pressing inwards and causing a huge collapse.

Wu wu wu wu … The Peerless Heavenly Book's original spirit let out its final despair, wanting to die together with Xing Qianxiong. However, it could not do anything. It was completely devoured by Xing Qianxiong.

After devouring the Peerless Heavenly Book's original spirit and body, Xing Qianxiong's strength seemed to have reached a certain limit. A tyrannical force entered Jiang Qi's body.

Jiang Qi's entire body wriggled as his body was cleansed once more. His cultivation base rose inch by inch.

"Kid, you're lucky.

Lord Xing Qiong tied me to your heart's blood and sweat. With the Divine Continent's Great Technique as a link, you'll be able to benefit greatly when my cultivation level rises. By cultivating the Divine Continent's Great Technique, you'll be able to receive a great favor. "Xing Qian Xiong laughed strangely.

"Dao Realm Ten Transformation! Multitasking! "

Jiang Qi broke through many times and a cold smile appeared on his face, "Who knew that I would have such a fortuitous encounter." Dao Realm Transformation 11: Soul Tentacles! Dao Realm Twelfth Transformation: Soul Snatching! "

In the blink of an eye, he completed a process that would take a normal cultivator 60 years or even 100 years to comprehend. To him, cultivation was not a problem at all.

"Very good. You have completely activated Jiang Gongwang's bloodline. Your future achievements will be limitless."

Xing Qianxiong saw Jiang Qi's improvement, "But you are still too weak. Dao Realm Transformation 12 Soul Snatching isn't worth mentioning at all."

"Don't worry, I have comprehended much of the Divine Continent's Great Technique. In time, I will reach the peak of the first stage. At that time, shocking potential will explode out."

Jiang Qi said proudly, "I didn't expect that there would be so many treasures and pills in the Peerless Sky Book!"

He grabbed and a jade green pill appeared in his hand, "This is the Ten Thousand Jade Xuan Spirit Pill. This pill requires an ancient Celestial to cultivate in a pill furnace for dozens of years, gathering numerous herbs and extracting their essence. If one consumes it, it can reshape one's meridians. With these resources, why would I need to worry?"

"They are all good treasures. Along with the Divine Continent's Great Technique, you will be able to improve by leaps and bounds."

Xing Qian Xiong said, "I will help you cultivate. Remember, with the Divine Continent's Great Technique as your foundation, you will be able to obtain supreme cultivation. At that time, even Wu Dangkong won't be able to control you. You can even turn the tables and make Wu Dangkong submit to you." "Wu Dangkong is actually using me as a chess piece. He is just asking to die."

Jiang Qi laughed coldly and said, "Sooner or later, I will make this woman submit to me. As for the Celestial Calmness Department, they coveted my treasures and the World Burying Coffin left behind by the ancient ancestors. They deserve even more death. Since that's the case, I will capture that Zhuge Ya and devour him when my cultivation is complete. As for the Celestial Calmness Department, they will all be under my command." "Very good, with such ambition, as expected from Jiang Gongwang's bloodline descendant."

Xing Qian Xiong said, "Next, we will prepare all sorts of materials for the altar and use your bloodline to perform the ritual and summon." "What materials do we need to prepare?" Jiang Qi asked.

"Of course, a large amount of souls and flesh."

Xing Qian Xiong said, "You don't have to worry about this. I will handle it. Once we enter the Demon Territory, we will capture demons. It will be easy. I can even kill Demon Gods, so capturing some small demons will be a piece of cake." "Everything will be decided by you." Jiang Qi's eyes were cold. No one knew what he was thinking.

"No, you will be the one in charge."

Xing Qian Xiong denied, "This time, going to the Demon Territory to prepare the materials is also a training for you. When you come back from the Demon Territory, you will be reborn and reach an invincible realm."

"If we use the same method of sacrificing souls, we can also kill ordinary people. Wouldn't it be faster?" Jiang Qi asked.

"Right now is the most sensitive time for the Demon Disaster. The order of heaven and earth is about to change. If you kill ordinary people in the Divine Continent, I am afraid it will cause a series of changes. When that time comes, you will become the focus of attention.

It won't be worth it. "Xing Qian Xiong laughed," But with this question, it shows that you are also a ruthless person. It seems that you have inherited Lord Xing Qiong's Fiendish Dao. "

"Other than me, everything can be used as a sacrifice." Jiang Qi said, "Isn't this the core of the Divine Continent's great technique?"

"Not bad. You understand it very quickly." Xing Qian Xiong grabbed fiercely. Space was torn apart by him and he pulled Jiang Qi into it. They were heading to the Demon Territory. Inside the Life's Wish sphere.

At this moment, Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya were activating their spells. Xing Qian Xiong and Jiang Qi's actions appeared in front of them. They had already reached the Demon Territory. They were killing demons and collecting souls and flesh to prepare the materials needed to summon the World Burying Coffin.

"Any god artifact will not reject the sacrifice of souls, flesh, and blood, because souls are the best material for god artifacts to upgrade. There is no other."

Zhuge Ya said, "Your Highness, I can see the past and peek into the future. These two transformations have been cultivated to the limit. I have comprehended some of the secrets of the Emperor's Medallion. However, I can't activate it myself. I have to rely on Your Highness' Heavenly Dao Technique to activate it. Also, I have almost peeked into the truth of heaven and earth." "What truth of heaven and earth?"

Gu Chensha watched Xing Qianxiong and Jiang Qi's every move vividly in his mind. He even knew what they were saying and what they were thinking. This was the power of the token. "This Jiang Qi is really arrogant. He's just a small cultivator, but he seems to be able to control the world just because he had a fortuitous encounter."

"He is already under the control of the Xing Qiong Clan. They taught him the first stage of the Divine Continent Grand Magic."

Zhuge Ya asked Gu Chensha to continue channeling his magic power into the Regal Propriety's gold medallion. "This is a series of my methods. The power of the gold medallion has already entered Xing Qianxiong's body. Once he devours the Peerless Heaven Book, he will also devour the power of the gold medallion. Through this connection, we will be able to obtain all of his secrets, including the cultivation method of the Divine Prefecture!

Jiang Qi has only cultivated the first stage. Xing Qian Xiong is a Divine Weapon created by the Xing Qiong Clan. He knows the seventy-two stages of the Divine Continent Grand Magic. Through this, we can at least grasp the seventy-two stages of the Divine Continent Grand Magic. What do you think? This won't be a loss, right? " "Indeed, it won't be a loss. In fact, it will be a huge gain."

Gu Chensha smiled. "The Divine Continent Grand Magic is the blood and sweat of the Xing Qiong Clan. He comprehended the secrets of the Divine Continent and created it. The Divine Continent Thousand Ominous Armor is proficient in the seventy-two stages of the Divine Continent Grand Magic. The Divine Continent Thousand Ominous Armor is proficient in the eighty-one stages. As for the Divine Continent Million Ominous Armor, it is Xing Qiong Clan's Life Armor. It was forged from the ninety-nine stages of the Divine Continent Grand Magic."

"Once King learns the seventy-two stages of the Divine Continent Grand Magic, you will be able to make the Small Divine Continent even more perfect. It will be very useful for King to comprehend the Dao of Divergent Numbers and even break the restrictions of the Heavenly Dao."

Zhuge Ya said, "In comparison, the loss of us wasting some world energy and not obtaining the Peerless Heaven Scripture is negligible."

"Indeed, I have more confidence in the construction of the Small Divine Continent. I know the flow of the earth veins, the flow of qi, and the coordination of the dimensions. If I comprehend all seventy-two stages of the Divine Continent Grand Magic and combine it with my Common People Mending Heaven Art, I might really have a chance to comprehend the Divergent Numbers in the future." Gu Chensha was satisfied. "Oh right, what is the truth of heaven and earth that you mentioned?"

"It's strange. I used a spell to calculate the past. After the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was born, all the scenes in the world were empty."

Zhuge Ya said, "It seems like there was a gap in time. The era we are in now doesn't exist in the future." "Impossible? Jin Suibo also reached the Past Reflection Realm. Why didn't this happen? "

Gu Chensha's heart shook. He knew what this meant. It was possible that what he was experiencing now was a dream. He hadn't woken up from the dream yet.

"What he saw with his spiritual energy was a dream, so it was the truth. Only when his spiritual energy reaches a mysterious and mysterious state that is compatible with the Heavenly Dao would he be able to sense what is going on. However, the situation is still confusing."

Zhuge Ya said, "This change is not something I can predict. We can only take one step at a time. When our cultivation is deeper, maybe we will be able to understand more of the truth."