Chapter 692
===========

"Your Highness is simply a god, to actually be able to toy with so many powerhouses in the palm of your hand. Sure enough, the North Star Plane went berserk under Your Highness' Heavenly Dao Law. In order to suppress the North Star Plane, the Dharma Saint also used the secret technique that he bitterly cultivated. While heavily injuring the North Star Plane, he also consumed a large amount of his vitality. At the very least, he won't be able to recover in a short period of time. Now, the North Star Plane's aura is weak, and it is completely defeated. We can easily suppress it and leave. " Longevity God understood the current situation.

"That's natural. The Dharma Saint used his trump card." Gu Chensha was secretly surprised that the Dharma Saint used this move to heavily injure the North Star Plane. It seemed that the Dharma Saint's strength was still above his estimation. But this was no longer important.

"If I don't leave now, when will I?"

Gu Chensha suddenly used the transformation of his Heavenly Dao Law and fused with Longevity God. He activated the Minor Chiliocosm and turned it into a faintly discernible existence. It slightly collapsed and condensed into a tiny dot. Then, he flickered and went out with Longevity God, disappearing.

At this time, the Dharma Saint was fighting with many powerhouses. It was like a raging fire, and the space-time turbulence turned chaotic. Many space-time turbulence settled in front of this power, as if it was about to evolve into all kinds of strange existences.

"What?"

The Dharma Saint had already injured his vitality after suppressing the North Star Plane. Now that he had to deal with the attacks of so many powerhouses, he couldn't even take care of himself. Thus, he asked Gu Chensha to activate the secret technique and quietly escape.

Only after he escaped did he realize that his painstaking plan had all gone to someone else's benefit. His losses were not small.

This time, he first asked Jing Qiu to give Longevity God's True God position to Longevity God. Then, he used countless heavenly materials and earthly treasures to transform Longevity God's Minor Chiliocosm into a Minor Chiliocosm. He even created a model of the Lord of the Sun and Moon to lure the North Star Plane. In addition, he also spent a lot of energy to suppress and heavily injure the North Star Plane. However, none of these methods were of any use. They were all snatched away by Gu Chensha.

Just the amount of natural treasures required to condense the Lord of the Sun and Moon's model was equivalent to all of the wealth that the ancient Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, had left behind.

In the past, the Calming Immortal Department obtained the boundless wealth and natural spirit treasures left behind by Jiang Gongwang in the World Burying Coffin. This laid the foundation for the World Burying Coffin to become a dimensional realm. Afterwards, they plundered even more wealth and finally subdued a Martial Emperor. They obtained the heart of a divergent and refined it into a dimensional realm.

And now, his harvest this time around was practically the same as obtaining the World Burying Coffin. Such a bountiful harvest made Gu Chensha extremely satisfied. Of course, this didn't include the North Star Empire. Sou sou sou sou sou!

As soon as Gu Chensha and Longevity God slipped out, they completely vanished from sight. They didn't return to the dimensional realm but flew towards the deepest part of the space-time turbulence.

In the blink of an eye, they had hidden themselves very well, using their heaven-dao magic to cut off all traces of their existence.

No magnate was able to deduce their existence. Even the Warlock Saint and Wu Dangkong did not know how the God of Longevity had disappeared.

"What do we do now, Your Highness?" Longevity God asked. "Don't we return to the dimensional realm? We have to refine the North Star Empire. "

"My dimensional realm has the Heavenly Dragon Clan," Gu Chensha said. "If I go back, he'll take advantage of me.

What we need to do now is enter the space-time turbulence and use the power of the universal tideflow to seal the North Star Empire. Then we can use the fragment of the Epoch Cruiser, the model of the Lord of the Sun and Moon, and the power of the Buddhist Pāramitā Golden Mountain and the World Burying Coffin to create the King of the Common Life, a secret weapon that can suppress the destiny of the imperial court. " "Your Highness, Your Highness," Longevity God said. "It's truly inconceivable.

With this, the destiny of the Calming Immortal Department will skyrocket. We won't be able to suppress it for much longer. " "Of course."

As Gu Chensha spoke, he and Longevity Immortal had already flown into the depths of the space-time turbulence. In the distance, they could see the cosmic tide fluctuating. Endless power swept over with a destructive aura. Even with Longevity Immortal's cultivation, in front of this cosmic tide, he felt like a tiny ant facing a stormy sea. With just a gentle sweep, he would be torn to pieces.

"Even celestials have to be careful in the face of the universal tideflow," Longevity God said. "If they get sucked into it, they'll die. Your Highness, are we really going to use the power of the universal tideflow? Don't tell me you've gained enlightenment of the secrets of the Epoch Cruiser? "

"That's right," Gu Chensha said. "The fragment of the Epoch Cruiser is perfect for drawing on the power of the universal tideflow. Without the power of the universal tideflow, I wouldn't have been able to fuse the model of the North Star Empire and the Lord of the Sun and Moon together to create the King of the Common Life." By this point, the universal tideflow had reached them. RUUUUMBLE!

The power of the space-time turbulence instantly increased by thousands of times. Gu Chensha immediately felt like he was being torn apart by the wind and rain, as if he would be torn to shreds at any moment. He would never be able to reform, and then he would perish. Thankfully, he was prepared, and immediately drew on the power of his two medium worlds.

The Dharma Saint had two medium worlds, but so did Yang Qi. One was the Paramita Golden Mountain, and the other was the Common Life Wish sphere. With those two medium worlds working together, he would be able to resist the universal tideflow. Of course, if enough time passed, the universal tideflow would overwhelm him.

"Epoch Cruiser!"

Gu Chensha used his Heaven-Dao Magic to activate the fragment of the Epoch Cruiser, causing a vortex to spring up that began to absorb the power of the universal tideflow. In the blink of an eye, the pressure on Gu Chensha and Longevity God lessened.

"North Star Empire Seal! Model of the Lord of the Sun and Moon! "

Howling, Gu Chensha placed the sealed North Star Empire and the Lord of the Sun and Moon in the center of the vortex.

The power of the universal tideflow was being sucked into the fragment of the Epoch Cruiser, causing crushing pressure to weigh down on the heavily injured North Star Empire.

"What is this!?

The power of the universal tideflow! Who is using it to deal with me? This can't be …. "In the face of the universal tideflow, celestials were incredibly weak.

Gu Chensha was being very careful, using the power of his two medium worlds to protect himself. Then, while the North Star Empire was injured, he used the fragment of the Epoch Cruiser to absorb the power of the universal tideflow and assimilate the North Star Empire.

It was a very dangerous thing to do. If he didn't handle it well, the universal tideflow would rip him to shreds, and he would never be able to recover.

If it weren't for the fact that he had the fragment of the Epoch Cruiser, which allowed him to absorb the power of the universal tideflow, Gu Chensha wouldn't have dared to be here.

As of this moment, it wasn't Gu Chensha who was assimilating the North Star Empire, but the universal tideflow.

Not even the North Star Empire at its peak would have dared to get sucked into the universal tideflow, much less the North Star Empire now.

The power of the cosmic tide kept surging in, and the disc shaped vortex gradually gave birth to a supreme power of destruction and rebirth. They fused together, and the North Star God was in a daze. He roared and tried his best to resist, but it was a pity that it was useless.

Gradually, the North Star Empire and the Lord of the Sun and Moon began to fuse together. Meanwhile, Gu Chensha was using his Heaven-Dao magic to temper the power of his two medium worlds. Eventually, the fragment of the Epoch Cruiser entered the North Star Empire and the Lord of the Sun and Moon. It was hard to say how much time passed. Suddenly, the universal tideflow passed, and the space-time chaos in the area returned to normal.

The massive tidal force surged and reached another space-time turbulence. Wherever it reached, everything would cease to exist.

"It's done!"

Gu Chensha roared and unleashed endless power. The Heavenly Path seemed to be able to transform everything. A figure appeared in the whirlpool in the shape of a disc.

This figure was wearing a king's robe, and his face was similar to Gu Chensha's. His aura was extremely tyrannical, and it was the aura of a Heavenly Venerate. However, this figure's face was similar to Gu Chensha's, and there was another face behind it. It was the face of North Star.

The North Star Empire's face cursed angrily. "So it's you, Gu Chensha. You stole my Tome of the Heavenly Demon.

And now you're trying to refine me? I, the North Star Empire, am unkillable and indestructible. Even if you used crafty plots and machinations to put me back together as your king of commonfolk, you still can't do anything to me. " "North Star Empire, you are indeed capable, but this is as far as you can go."

Gu Chensha said, "It's true that it's hard for me to completely refine you, but it doesn't matter. Everything about you is under my control, and that Five-Element World has also been refined by me. Now, you're only left with a source that I can control." "So what? I don't believe that you can completely refine me."

The North Star Empire said, "Now, this king of commonfolk is using me as its foundation. If I die, this king of commonfolk will collapse, and your hard work will go to waste. This is my method. " "You can say whatever you want."

Gu Chensha laughed out loud. "Everything about you is under my control now. Once I cultivate to the god-level, my Heaven-Dao magic will be able to control you completely. Don't tell me that you really think that you can break free from my control?"

"Sooner or later, I will break free from your control." The North Star Empire's will definitely wouldn't compromise.

"It doesn't matter. Right now, it's only left with its will. Everything else is under my control."

At this time, the other side of the king of commonfolk that resembled Gu Chensha spoke. "In a sense, the North Star Empire has become my second personality. My current main personality has complete control over my body, power, and even calculation. As for him, apart from saying ruthless words, he doesn't have any ability to interfere with me. Once Your Highness cultivates to the god-level, you can erase the will of the North Star Empire." "How magical." Longevity God saw this scene and couldn't close his mouth.

The king of commonfolk had two sides. One side resembled Gu Chensha, and the other side was the North Star Empire. Clearly, they weren't complete, but they were both Empyrean Realm experts.

"Then, Your Highness, does our Calmness Celestial Department have an Empyrean Realm puppet now?" Longevity God still couldn't believe his eyes.