Chapter 775
===========

At this point, Heavenly Venerable Victorious Battle had to act. Otherwise, this plan would fail.

Moreover, Gu Chensha and Xing Qiongshi had borrowed the power of the Land of Ashes to refine the Divine Land Gourd. Clearly, their dao had improved tremendously. If they let them go, they would be even more uncontrollable in the future. As Gu Chensha grew stronger, the three Heavenly Venerables would be in big trouble.

Since ancient times, the three Heavenly Venerables had seen many brilliant powerhouses who had posed a threat to them. However, they had always been scheming and had killed countless powerhouses.

But now, the times had changed. They felt that Gu Chensha and even the people from the Celestial Tranquility Department had appeared out of nowhere and were outside of their calculations. In fact, ever since Gu Taxian had appeared, they had retreated. This was because they knew that they could no longer control the world. The world had entered a new era, one that did not belong to them.

They had to kill Gu Chensha and seize his destiny. Only then could they once again stand at the peak of the world. They could control everything and do as they pleased.

If Gu Chensha had not ascended to the Deity Realm, they could still carry out various schemes and take their time.

Even if he had ascended to the Deity Realm, they still felt that they could control the situation. However, Gu Chensha had devoured the source of the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Chensha as soon as he ascended to the Deity Realm. This meant that the situation was completely different from what they had imagined. Kill! Heavenly Venerable Victorious Battle had not truly fought in a long time. In this world, there were very few people who were worthy of him personally fighting. But now, he had no choice but to go all out.

He could no longer suppress Gu Chensha's Divine Land Gourd and Xing Qiongshi's Divine Land Gourd by relying on his Heavenly Longevity Realm power. He could only use the power of the Hong Meng Tree.

However, the Hong Meng Tree's power was immense. Even though the three Heavenly Venerables had cultivated it for a long time, they still could not completely comprehend it. They could only use less than one-ten-thousandth of the Hong Meng Tree's power. If they could completely use the Hong Meng Tree's power, they would be able to sweep through the world. They would be at the peak of the Great Thousand Realms. Even in the Great Thousand Realms, there were still differences in power.

In the Great Thousand Worlds, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, Desolate Dragon Gate, and Primordial Tree were the pinnacle existences. The other Great Thousand Worlds, Mysterious Origin Great Thousand Worlds, Saha Great Thousand Worlds, and many others paled in comparison to these three treasures. On the other hand, the Sun Moon Universe was the same as the three Dharma treasures. As for the Central Divine Prefecture, it was even more mysterious than these three treasures.

After reaching the Tianyuan Realm of the Boundless World, the power was different. It was not something that living beings could touch.

The true aura of the Hong Meng Tree corroded the Divine Prefecture Gourd and kept washing over it. It actually suppressed the Divine Prefecture that Gu Chensha and Xing Qiongshi's Divine Prefecture Gourd had spat out. At this time, the Immortal Lord activated his system and, in conjunction with the Victorious Fighter Celestial's power, added another layer of seal.

Wan Senshi activated his Cloudsoar Immortal Realm. He actually activated the source of the Immortal World, which descended violently. Countless purple beams of light pierced through the east, west, north, and south. Within those purple beams of light, immortals appeared. It seemed that since ancient times, the immortals who had existed since the creation of the world had died and entered the Immortal World.

Anyone who had cultivated their magical powers to the Twenty Transformations of the Dao Realm could be called immortals.

These immortals were not immortal, but there was a limit to their lifespans. Once they died, they would completely dissipate. However, a will that sought the path of immortality would fuse with the Immortal World.

Wan Senshi used this will to activate the true power of the Immortal World, which was also a Great Thousand Realms. In fact, the power of the Immortal World surpassed that of ordinary Great Thousand Realms.

"Kill!"

Wan Senshi didn't hold anything back, and his energy surged. Deep down, Celestial Victorious Celestial was secretly shocked. "If it weren't for all the hard work we've put into obtaining the protection of the Grandmist Tree, we probably wouldn't be a match for these old-timers. Be it the Immortal Lord or Wan Senshi, if they really fought, they would be terrifying to the extreme."

The three celestials had never looked down on the old-timers. However, while they were shaking the heavens and earth, the old-timers had all retired into seclusion. Who knew what they were plotting?

Now they knew that the reason the old-timers didn't come out into the world was because they wanted to gain more power and cultivation bases. Wan Senshi was completely focused on connecting to the Immortal World, and the Immortal Lord was focused on researching ancient civilization, much like they were researching the Grandmist Tree. How could they possibly have time to think about anything else?

The pressure from the three old-timers was now weighing down on Gu Chensha, and Gu Chensha immediately felt like he was in imminent danger. However, he wasn't afraid at all.

As far as he was concerned, it was just a bit of pressure. After devouring a tenth of the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Chensha's essence, his body had undergone an inconceivable transformation, and he was now almost indestructible and deathless.

"Grandmist energy, devour heaven and earth once more!"

Gu Chensha suddenly spun the Divine Prefecture Gourd, absorbing all the dust in the area. Inside the gourd, more grandmist energy was born, which then transformed into a little Grandmist Tree.

This Little Hong Meng Tree was not the original version. Gu Chensha had refined it on the spot. However, even though he had refined it on the spot, it was still very mysterious. At the same time, he was gaining enlightenment of the dao of Grandmist Tree.

He was trying to trace the origins of the Grandmist Tree, and how it could give birth to a preheaven spirit treasure. Furthermore, it existed in a weak space-time dimension under the jurisdiction of the dao of heaven. It was a very profound subject that not even Heavenly Longevity old-timers could understand.

But Gu Chensha's knowledge far surpassed theirs. Although he hadn't seen the real Grandmist Tree, he had the memories of the Buddha. The supreme Buddha had been a person condensed from the Grandmist Tree.

Today, Heavenly Venerate Victorious Doer had used his grandmist energy to suppress him. To him, this was actually a great opportunity to temper himself. Because he had obtained the real grandmist energy, he could conduct research on it.

"Absorb, transform, dao of heaven." A few voices came from the Divine Prefecture Gourd that Gu Chensha had transformed into.

Suddenly, he tore off a large chunk of the Primordial Chaos that Heavenly Venerate Victorious Battle had suppressed. This large chunk of Primordial Chaos rushed into the Divine Prefecture Gourd and fused with the power of the Divine Prefecture. Immediately, various changes occurred.

"The dao of heaven governs everything. The dao of the divine prefecture is in the center, while the dao of primordial chaos roams outside.

Three parts become one, and now it's complete. Hahahaha … "The Divine Prefecture Gourd that Gu Chensha had transformed into roared. It was as if billions of worlds were being born and destroyed at the same time. He had cultivated the dao of heaven and had begun to comprehend what the true dao of heaven was.

At the same time, he had grasped the hundred levels of the Divine Prefecture Gourd Art. He had truly understood what the dao of the divine prefecture was. At the same time, he was currently comprehending the dao of primordial chaos. The essence of the dao of primordial chaos was the Grandmist Tree. The dao of heaven, the dao of the divine prefecture, and the dao of primordial chaos.

When the three dao were combined, they formed Gu Chensha's own dao of mending the heavens, the dao of reforming the heavens.

An aura similar to the true origin of primordial chaos was emitted from his Divine Prefecture Gourd. This caused Victorious Battle's expression to change greatly. "You … you can actually absorb my grandmist energy and comprehend the dao of primordial chaos. You were already prepared. Your dao of primordial chaos is even more profound than mine. How is that possible?

I've comprehended the dao of primordial chaos for tens of thousands of years, and only then did I comprehend some exquisite principles. " "How is it impossible?"

Gu Chensha suddenly appeared from the Divine Prefecture Gourd. At the very center of the Divine Prefecture Middle Lands, in the Sin Province, a primordial chaos tree appeared. The primordial chaos tree used countless demonic regions as nourishment. It spread out and condensed countless treasures and elixirs to provide for the people of the Divine Prefecture Middle Lands. From then on, the Divine Prefecture Middle Lands truly became the center of the myriad worlds. It had the atmosphere of the center of the Celestial Realm.

Since ancient times, the people of the Divine Prefecture Middle Lands had suffered greatly. It was not like they lived in the Celestial Realm, but in the mortal realm. This was not normal, nor was it reasonable.

As the center of the Celestial Realm and the myriad worlds of the Celestial Realm, the people of the Divine Prefecture Middle Lands should be able to move mountains and fill seas. The immortal dao should be prosperous. It should not be like the people of the past, who did not even have enough to eat, who were treated as food by demons and demons, and who were treated as slaves by the gods. Gu Chensha wanted to change all of this. He had created the Divine Land of his dreams.

The dao of the Divine Prefecture and the dao of primordial chaos combined. Coupled with the various dao of heaven, everything in the Celestial Realm finally became a perfect Divine Prefecture. This was the true Divine Prefecture. Buzz …

Gu Chensha's Divine Prefecture Bottle Gourd kept expanding, as if it had the ability to absorb everything. The Divine Prefecture Middle Lands that was spat out was the Primordial Chaos Tree, which covered the entire Divine Prefecture, resisting everything and nurturing everything. The Primordial Chaos Tree was in the center of the Divine Prefecture, and it could truly connect with the myriad worlds.

Gu Chensha had already mastered the true dao of the Divine Prefecture and the dao of primordial chaos, combining them together.

Right now, Gu Chensha was constantly trying to figure out what the perfect Divine Prefecture would be like. It allowed him to find some logic. If the heavenly dao was lacking, all living beings would come to make up for it. If the divine prefecture was lacking, Primordial Chaos would come to make up for it.

Under the pressure of Wan Senshi, the Immortal Master, and the Victorious Fighting Celestial, Gu Chensha's cultivation rose again. He absorbed the dust here, fusing it into his own Minute Dust World, and then absorbed the primordial chaos Qi that the Victorious Fighting Celestial gave off, evolving another Primordial Chaos Tree.

The combination of the Divine Prefecture and the Primordial Chaos Tree caused his dao to begin to reach perfection. BAM!

His Minute Dust World became a Chiliocosm, and as a result, he began to absorb even more of the dust in the Land of Ash. In addition to that, the power of Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master's System of the One God were also draining away, all of which were being held back by Gu Chensha.

Meanwhile, under the protection of Gu Chensha, the Xingqiong Clan was looking for an opportunity to attack the Victorious Fighting Celestial.