Chapter 275
===========

Wu Dangkong left the palace.

Her cultivation was inconceivable. With a slight movement, she was thousands of miles away, deep in the forest.

In the wilderness, the Barbarian Race was being pushed back while the Yongchō's land was expanding really quickly.

Her cultivation had reached the 19th transformation, Size Manipulation, and she was immeasurable. In the past, the Scenic Martial Merchant Association had only displayed a tenth of it. She was really good at hiding her strength, but the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had placed her in front of the stage.

Standing high in the sky, she hid her body and activated the 15th transformation, Heavenly Eye Hanging Space. Instantly, she could see the entire wilderness within tens of thousands of miles. She was observing the luck of the wilderness.

In her eyes, the energy of the people in the sky above the Divine Continent was boiling, gathering into five-colored clouds that intertwined with one another, turning red like fire and finally turning golden. This was the golden era.

In the wilderness outside the pass, as the Yongchō people expanded, the barren land, which was filled with vengeful energy and evil energy, was slowly tainted with the aura of gold. "I have to say, Gu Taxian is really amazing.

He is actually able to suppress so many evil gods of the Barbarian Race alone. If not, how could the Yongchō expand so quickly? The King of Evil, Maha God's cultivation is similar to the three Heavenly Venerables. The Tun Ri Ba God and Hell Snake God are invincible when they work together. Apart from that, the Chaotic Demon Ape God, Three Eyed Sky Wolf God, Hell Asura God, these gods were all famous in the ancient era. The Barbarian Saint is comparable to the Saints, but they are all sealed in some space and time … "While Wu Dangkong was observing the land, she was thinking quickly.

To her, the power of the people was important, but the true deciding factor was still the peak power.

If not for the Heavenly Talisman Emperor sealing the many evil gods of the Barbarian Race and even the main body of the Barbarian Saint, the Yongchō army would have a hard time advancing. Wu Dangkong pondered as he continued watching.

Beyond the Great Stone Wall, in the center of the Wilderness was naturally the newly built capital city of the imperial court. It was nearing completion, and it was majestic and magnificent, like a heavenly palace.

It was almost done. Unfortunately, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was still in seclusion, so the relocation of the capital was delayed.

All the civil and military officials were waiting for the Heavenly Talisman Emperor to come out of seclusion so that they could offer sacrifices to the heavens and move the capital.

The relocation of the capital was a major event. Since ancient times, sacrifices had to be made to the heavens. Otherwise, it would be hard for the scholars, the common people, and the imperial court to justify it. This was already a deep-rooted tradition, and if it wasn't justified, it wouldn't be justified.

"Let's see how Gu Taxian is going to get around this." Wu Dangkong laughed coldly. He then looked at the construction of the fiefdoms of the princes.

The princes had been expanding their territories, building their fiefdoms, capturing the barbarians as slaves, and exploiting the resources in the Wilderness. All of them had made a fortune and accumulated a lot of strength. But to Wu Dangkong, all of this was like trying to put out a cart of firewood with a cup of water.

"Gu Tanjian's fiefdom is not bad, he captured many barbarian tribes. His methods are also impressive, he doesn't want the barbarians as slaves, but rather, refined them into puppets of the devil dao." Wu Dangkong swept his gaze across the fiefdoms one by one, and finally landed on Gu Chensha's fiefdom.

At this moment, Gu Chensha's fiefdom was also expanding. It now occupied a radius of a few thousand li, equivalent to a province.

At the center of this fiefdom was the Black Tortoise's lair. It was a hundred li in radius, and was surrounded by purple mountains. These mountains were like the shell of a tortoise, with nine sides, reflecting the stars in the sky.

At every moment, the power of the stars from the Nine Heavenly Layers would descend into the mountains, forming a dragon in the depths of the earth veins.

Outside the Black Tortoise's lair was the city, built according to the five elements of metal, wood, water, and fire. The liveliness was no less than that of the capital.

"This fiefdom's lair has already matured, gathering the power of the stars from the Nine Heavenly Layers, layers upon layers of grand formations, and the Black Tortoise Sacred Beast breathing in and out day and night. Even with my cultivation, I can't sneak inside."

Wu Dangkong's expression was solemn, and then killing intent appeared. "The people Gu Taxian really cares about are Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and Gu Huasha. I'm just someone he's using. But how can I be used so easily? " She landed on a mountain peak, burned a talisman, and then waited quietly.

About two hours later, a figure arrived at the mountain peak at lightning speed, and cupped his hands slightly. "Jin Suibo greets Concubine Ming." The person who came was actually Jin Suibo. He was the most capable general of the Calming Immortal Department.

Jin Suibo's importance probably far surpassed that of Long Zaifei and the others. It was he who used his previous reputation to contact the second and third rate immortal dao powers, gathering them together and providing the Calming Immortal Department with great motivation.

"Jin Suibo, have you thought about what I said a few days ago? Do you want to join me? "Wu Dangkong's tone was very indifferent.

"Concubine, I, Jin Suibo, also work for the imperial court, and the Calming Immortal Department treats me so well. If I betray them, won't I become the laughing stock of the world?" Jin Suibo said very seriously.

"Hahaha, that Seventh Prince Gu Fasha also treats you well, and saved your life. Why did you betray him? Turn around and join the Calming Immortal Department. "

Wu Dangkong laughed. "A straightforward person does not resort to insinuations. Jin Suibo, you are not a loyal person to begin with, and you have a blood feud with the imperial court. The imperial court destroyed the Limitless Celestial Sect, and that Gu Fasha coveted to expand his power. By recruiting you, he was actually planting a seed of disaster for the imperial court.

Alright, Jin Suibo, in one sentence, lead the second and third rate immortal dao sects of the Calming Immortal Department to betray us and work for me. I will give you enormous benefits, how about it? " "Enormous benefits?" Jin Suibo's expression did not change. "What did Concubine Ming say?" "What about the Peerless Heavenly Scripture?"

Wu Dangkong had a card up his sleeve. "The most important treasure of your Limitless Heavenly Sect is the Peerless Heavenly Scripture. This book itself is equivalent to a god, and is equally famous as the Heavenly Demon Book and the Eternal Heavenly Scripture. Not to mention the Heaven Grade cultivation method, the book can transform into the Peerless Realm after opening, forming its own space that can attack and defend." "You know the whereabouts of the Peerless Heavenly Scripture? Or is the Peerless Heavenly Scripture in your hands?

Impossible. If it was in your hands, your power would increase by a hundredfold, and you would not take it out to exchange for my allegiance. I, Jin Suibo, have some self-awareness. Although I have some ability, it is impossible for me to compare to this book. "Jin Suibo's expression fluctuated.

"I know the whereabouts of the Peerless Heavenly Scripture, and I can tell you. How about it?

I can also help you obtain the Peerless Heavenly Scripture. "Wu Dangkong seemed to know many secrets.

"Many thanks, Concubine."

Jin Suibo cupped his hands again. "However, I will search for the Peerless Heavenly Scripture myself. There is no need for Concubine to worry."

"So you are saying that you are refusing my invitation? Are you not afraid that I will kill you?" Wu Dangkong's tone was filled with killing intent.

"As a minister of the imperial court, Concubine does not have the authority to kill officials of the imperial court. Moreover, even if the officials of the Celestial Pacification Bureau are appointed or dismissed, only His Majesty and the Bureau Chief can do so. The upper study room does not have such authority."

Jin Suibo said, "Let me admonish Concubine here. Now that the imperial court has established its laws, there are rules for doing things. Under order, no one can act recklessly." "Jin Suibo, it seems like you really want to become a member of the imperial court?

Have you forgotten the hatred of the Limitless Heavenly Sect's annihilation? "Wu Dangkong took two steps forward, his towering aura pressuring Suibo.

Jin Suibo did not move an inch. "Concubine is wise. What the world needs is not the Limitless Heavenly Sect, but order. In Suibo's view, the people of the devil path killing each other is chaos. In the immortal path, the schemes and plots are also chaos. There is no difference between immortals and devils. Only the current imperial court has established order. This is in line with the general trend of the future." "Ignorant view."

Wu Dangkong smiled coldly. "The current imperial court and the Heavenly Talisman Emperor have already been abandoned by the heavenly dao. You should be very clear about this point." "The heavenly dao is the current heavenly dao.

The heavenly dao established by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is the future heavenly dao. Changing the heavenly heart would mean being abandoned by the old heavenly dao. However, the general trend cannot be reversed. "

Jin Suibo waved his hand. "Who built the future Heavenly Dao for? Who can say for sure who the future Heavenly Heart is?

If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor abolished the present heavenly dao, destroyed the present heavenly heart, established the future heavenly dao, and established the future heavenly heart, all of you will become the dust of history. No matter how strong your innate techniques are, you will all disappear in the river of time. "

"Oh?" Wu Dangkong started. She had never thought of this possibility after hearing Jin Suibo's words.

The past heavenly dao, the past heavenly heart, the present heavenly heart, the future heavenly dao, the future heavenly heart.

However, her killing intent grew even more intense, "To think that you, Jin Suibo, are actually such a genius. I treated you as a genius, but now it seems that I have underestimated you by a great margin."

Jin Suibo completely ignored Wu Dangkong's killing intent, "The heavenly dao is established for the common people, the heavenly heart is established for the common people. The heavenly dao is unpredictable, the changes are endless. On this point, the nineteenth prince, Gu Chensha, has already comprehended some of it. The three department heads of the Calming Immortal Bureau have a bright future ahead of them. Empress, you must not obstruct the common people from changing the heavenly will." "I'm not going to waste my breath talking to you."

Wu Dang Kong had lost his patience as well. "Jin Suibo, you are the right-hand man of the Calming Immortal Department. If we cut off this arm of yours, the Calming Immortal Department will no longer have a future in contacting the immortal dao.

I originally wanted Jing Fanxing and the others to kill you, and the people of the seventy-two profound gates of the immortal dao also hate you to the bone. I gave you a way out. Submit to me, and I can guarantee that you won't die. But now it seems that you really don't want to live. "

As he spoke, Wu Dangkong spread open his hand, and suddenly, a great formation of runes appeared in all directions, covering a radius of several dozen li.

The entire mountain was covered by a kind of spirit formation. It could be said that there was no path to heaven and no door to earth.

"Jin Suibo, this spirit formation is called the Sacred Martial Demon Refinement Formation. Even if you possess extraordinary abilities, you won't be able to find a way out. I'll give you one last chance right now. Submit to me and work for me. Otherwise, there will only be one outcome for you — your soul will be destroyed." Wu Dang Kong tried to persuade him again.

"Your Highness, you underestimate me too much."

Jin Suibo sighed, "I was able to escape the destruction of the Limitless Celestial Sect. Do you think I will be trapped by this puny Sacred Martial Demon Refinement Boundary?" As he spoke, he lightly pointed. Sizzle, sizzle, sizzle … Suddenly, the entire Sacred Martial Demon Refinement Boundary burst into flames.

"What?!" Wu Dangkong was shocked. He fiercely made his move and slapped out with his palm. Jin Suibo didn't even look at him, and he struck out with his palm. Rumble!

Wu Dangkong was forced back repeatedly, and five large stars appeared above Jin Suibo's head, flashing for a moment. Among the five large stars, a book vaguely appeared, covering the light of the stars.

"Lord of Five Stars! The Peerless Heavenly Tome! "

Wu Dangkong was finally shocked. "So you obtained the Peerless Heavenly Tome long ago, and you are also a star reincarnated person."

Jin Suibo's eyes also lit up. "Your Highness, what kind of martial art is this? What kind of treasure does she have? She actually forced me to reveal my true identity." .....