Chapter 805
===========

"Oh? I've fallen for your scheme. Tell me, what scheme have I fallen for? "

Gu Chensha was able to deal with the words of the "Great Chaos Emperor", Burning Myriad World, with ease. This was because at his level of cultivation, all schemes and plots were useless. Ever since he defeated the will of the Heaven Realm and became a God, he had basically embarked on the path of conquering the world. Moreover, he wasn't a god now, but a Saint of an even higher level. His Saint Heart of Truth was the most powerful one in history.

"You won't be able to escape today. I've long since calculated that you'll come to me."

Burning World sat on his throne, allowing the seven Endless Treasures to condense and transform. He looked at Gu Chensha as if he were looking at a table of delicacies. "As long as I capture you and refine you, I'll be able to completely occupy the Central Plains. People say that the son of a rich family should not sit under his roof. As the ruler of the Central Plains, you actually went to such a dangerous place. How foolish." "This is a dangerous place? Why don't I feel that way? "

Gu Chensha smiled, "At best, this is just a place for leisure and entertainment. As for you, Xiao Yan.

As for you, Xiao Yan, you're only at the Heavenly Longevity Realm. You're extremely close to the chaos and can create things from it without wasting energy. This method is used to operate, not to fight. If I want to capture you, I can do so in an instant. " "You!" Suddenly, Burning World was shocked. "How did you know?" "Are you surprised that I know your name in the future?

Burning World is just your name when you reincarnated here. Your real name in the future is Xiao Yan. "

Gu Chensha had it all under control. "You underestimate me. I've already grasped your past and future in my heart. That's why I've come to find you. However, I'm very curious as to what methods you have. You dare say that you want me dead? You should know my strength. " "Ignorant."

An obvious cold smile appeared on Burning Undying Realm's face. His eyes were like those of an eagle, high and mighty. He looked at Gu Chensha as if he were a plump rabbit and a mouse. "This Burning Undying Continent, the entire empire, and the hundreds of billions of people are all a trap. You've already fallen into it. Do you know?

Tell me, if I sacrifice all the citizens of the Empire, will you die under the power of a single attack? Right now, the Incineration Continent has completely become a huge trap and killing formation. " "Hmm?"

Gu Chensha looked around. The sky suddenly darkened, and the sun and moon lost their light. It was as if a huge pot lid had fallen over them.

"Your Majesty, you …"

At this moment, when the few cabinet ministers saw this, they were also extremely astonished. Even though they were all Divine level experts and there was no lack of Sages, they were still extremely astonished by the crazy idea of Burning the Myriad Realms.

Burning the World actually wanted to burn the hundreds of billions of people on the continent, as well as the entire continent, as a sacrifice, using the power of the sacrifice to kill Gu Chensha in one fell swoop.

"Shut up!"

Burning the Myriad Realms laughed coldly. At this moment, a ferocious expression appeared on his face. "I am the Emperor, and the entire world belongs to me. If the Emperor wants the subject to die, the subject has no choice but to die. I have already set up a great formation, and it has been operating for decades, all for the sake of one day playing a critical role. Now that I have activated the formation, the Incineration Continent is about to be destroyed and sacrificed to the Chaos.

Initially, this Incineration Continent was a part of the Endless Mainland. If I were to use this continent and all the living beings within it as a sacrifice to the Chaos, I would definitely have to suffer from the backlash of the Endless Mainland. Perhaps, I might even be killed by the backlash of the Endless Mainland before I could even complete the sacrifice. But now that I have a few Endless Treasures, I should be able to eliminate this backlash perfectly. " At this moment, the sky had completely darkened, and endless chaotic aura descended.

The ground seemed to be collapsing, and the citizens were crying. The depths of the Incineration Continent had encountered an unprecedented disaster. This was a calamity that would destroy the world.

Burning the Myriad Realms had set up the Incineration Continent decades ago, and had already secretly set up the entire continent and the entire empire with a formation, just like how the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had set up the Divine Central Continent.

However, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had done it to protect the Divine Central Continent, while Burning the Myriad Realms was to directly sacrifice the Incineration Continent as a sacrifice. It was to deal the strongest blow against the enemy.

The viciousness of Burning the Myriad Realms was clear to see. In order to kill Gu Chensha, he had actually abandoned his own empire, his own subjects, and sacrificed everyone. He had even sacrificed the entire continent. It could be said that Burning the Myriad Realms was even crueler than the most vicious demons in the world.

For example, the leader of the Pygmy Demons, the Pygmy Death Emperor. There was no way he would sacrifice all the Pygmy Demons for his own sake. Even if he could, he wouldn't do it.

"Burning the Myriad Realms, you're practically a lunatic. I've never seen a devil like you before."

Gu Chensha's expression was one of rage. "These people who set the Incineration Continent and the Incineration Empire are all your people. They revere you, love you, and worship you. But you're using them as sacrifices?!"

"Hahahahaha!" The Incineration Myriad Realms formation was fully activated. "Heaven and earth are heartless, treating all living things like straw dogs, and the straw dogs are sacrifices. I am the person closest to the heavenly dao. I am primordial chaos, and primordial chaos is me. The foundation of the heavenly dao is primordial chaos.

If the heavenly dao is a tree, then primordial chaos is the tree's foundation, and I am the foundation of the heavenly dao. " "Ai, even if you abandon your people, I can't bear to see them all exterminated by you."

Gu Chensha let out a long sigh, and a majestic aura spread out. Instantly, a wave of energy spread out, suppressing all directions. All the primordial chaos energy settled down. Gu Chensha wanted to use his own strength to suppress the Incineration Continent and stop the Incineration Myriad Realms from sacrificing.

The situation was completely reversed. As the Emperor of the Great Burning Dynasty, the Incineration Myriad Realms should have been protecting his own country with his life. But now, Gu Chensha was protecting all the land and people, while the Incineration Myriad Realms wanted to destroy his own people.

At this moment, all the officials didn't dare to believe that their Emperor was such a person, so they were all stunned. Of course, in a battle of this level, they couldn't interfere at all. They were completely frozen by the power.

The power of the Incineration Myriad Realms wanted to sacrifice and destroy them, while Gu Chensha's power wanted to save them. They were stuck between the two powers and couldn't move. They could only wait for the outcome of the battle between Gu Chensha and the Incineration Myriad Realms before they could free themselves.

"Destroy heaven and earth."

At this moment, the Incineration Myriad Realms hollered in rage once more, "Gu Chensha, it's useless. I have been managing the Great Burning Dynasty for decades and the people are united. I want to destroy them. All of them are dedicated to me. Although you stop me from destroying them, not only will they not thank you, but they will also hate you. You are going against the hearts of billions of people." Honglong!

The will of the Incineration Myriad Realms spread out. No one knew what kind of technique he was using.

All of a sudden, the hatred of countless people appeared on the Incineration Continent. The person they hated wasn't the Incineration Myriad Realms who wanted to destroy them, but the person who saved them, Gu Chensha. As the saying went, "Being condemned by thousands of people will die without a disease."

It meant that when a person was condemned by thousands of people, even if he didn't have a disease, he would still die. The hatred of the masses was so deep that it could reach the point of killing.

Now, on the Incineration Continent, billions of people had some secret technique activated by the Incineration Myriad Realms. They hated Gu Chensha to the core.

In an instant, the resentment of hundreds of billions of people gathered together and turned into an incomparably angry resentment. They all rushed towards Gu Chensha like a shadow, like maggots on a bone.

"Haiz, the people are stupid and have been deceived by the demon. But it doesn't matter, I have a forgiving heart.

The sins of the world, the sins of the Heavenly Dao, the sins of the masses, the grievances of the people, all belong to me. " Gu Chensha heaved a sigh.

He didn't care about the grievances at all. A merciful expression appeared on his face. This was a kind of pity towards the masses. If they were in the wrong, they would bear it themselves. If they were in the wrong, they would bear it themselves. If they were in the wrong, they would bear it themselves. If they were in the wrong, they would resolve it themselves. All belonged to him. This was Gu Chensha's realm.

As expected, after all the grievances belonged to him, not only did they not cause any harm, but they were turned into his power.

He released this power and suppressed the world, making it difficult to activate the Incineration Continent's array formation. It was also difficult for the Incineration Myriad Realms to sacrifice the people.

"Incineration Myriad Realms, with me here, you can't sacrifice these people. Although they might not be grateful to me if I save them, it doesn't matter."

Gu Chensha's majestic aura turned into millions of white rainbows that traversed the void and filled the entire Incineration Continent.

The area of the Incineration Continent was larger than the Wilderness. Even a Celestial Venerable would find it difficult to cover the entire continent with their own power. But Gu Chensha could do it. Gu Chensha's strength was far above the Heavenly Longevity Realm. Crack!

These white rainbows covered the entire sky above the Incineration Continent. Then, they turned into white rain that fell and seeped into the ground.

Instantly, the sacrificial array formation that Incineration Myriad Realms had set up for over 30 years was broken. Pfft!

Fen Wanjie, who was hidden within the fusion elemental energy, spat out a mouthful of fresh blood. He could sense that he was already severely injured.

"Gu Chensha, you actually destroyed my 30 years of painstaking efforts. You deserve to die!" The Burning World pointed, and instantly, the seven Endless Treasures flew towards Gu Chensha.

"Inexhaustible treasure? I have fourteen, and you only have seven. How are you going to fight me? "

The Divine Land Gourd above Gu Chensha's head spun and shot out a huge gust of Divine Land Power, blocking the attack formed by the seven Endless Treasures. Then, it slowly devoured them, wrapped them up, and absorbed them.

"Gu Chensha, just you wait. If I don't destroy your country, I won't rest!" Seizing this opportunity, Burning Myriad World moved and ran away.

At this moment, Gu Chensha no longer had the strength to chase after them. He wanted to subdue these seven Peerless Treasures. appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy)