Chapter 324
===========

"Gu Chensha has left the tree. It seems to be an opportunity for us."

Wu Dangkong had been observing. He saw Gu Chensha wrapped in Gang Qi and killed his way into the center of the Bottomless Sea of Sin, where the seal was broken. Wu Dangkong couldn't help but look at Ancient Mystic Sand. Her intention was obvious. She wanted to take this opportunity to snatch the Ghost-God Touch.

"I'm tempted too. The Ghost-God Touch is difficult to refine. Once this tree is refined, it will be like a war fortress. It will automatically absorb Spiritual Qi and Immortal Qi, and then absorb the flesh and souls of monsters. It will give birth to all kinds of elixirs, magic treasures, weapons, demons, puppets, and the Immortal-Slaying Gourd."

Ancient Mystic Sand's eyes sparkled. "If I get this tree, I can raise an army of 100,000. It won't be strange to train all of them to the Dao Realm." "This tree is mine. We've already agreed. Are you going to go back on your word?"

Wu Dangkong's cultivation had improved. He already felt that Ancient Mystic Sand was very weak, so he spoke impolitely.

She had performed the Grand Sacrifice of the Heavenly Abode. Although she didn't get all the power, her body had merged with the power of time and space. Her combat power had been many times more profound. She was confident that she could directly crush Ancient Mystic Sand.

Of course, she also had some scruples about the power behind Ancient Mystic Sand, so she wasn't aggressive.

"Your cultivation has improved a lot in an instant." Murderous intent suddenly burst out of Ancient Mystic Sand's eyes, which surprised Wu Dangkong.

"You've hidden a lot of tricks. It seems that neither of us has revealed our real trump cards."

Wu Dangkong waved his hand. "Now is the time for sincere cooperation. We don't have to fight. In one word, we still capture Gu Chensha and get his memory and the Ghost-God Touch. How about we share this treasure?

With this treasure, your Hongyun Games and my Scenic Wu Chamber of Commerce will no longer lack any magic treasures and elixirs. We will become the richest in the world. " "Okay."

Ancient Mystic Sand looked at the Ghost-God Touch again. She didn't really take action. Instead, she observed again and again. "Old Nineteen is really not simple. He left something in the tree. He seems to be luring the enemy in and using it as bait to lure the masters out so that he can devour them again." "I can also see some killing intent."

Wu Dangkong was disappointed. She wanted Gu Xuansha to make the first move, but she didn't expect that Gu Chensha could see through Gu Chensha's trick.

"Let's wait a little longer."

Gu Xuansha frowned and said, "I miscalculated once. I didn't expect him to have a surprise attack. Suddenly, a god-like power surged out of his body and refined the monster of 20 changes in one go. Since that's the case, it's not surprising that he still has a trump card. "

Wu Dangkong didn't say anything else. He just looked at the gigantic Touch of the Demon and God tree, his heart filled with longing. However, Gu Chensha made her tremble with fear. She didn't know how many trump cards he had hidden.

"My Empty City Stratagem really scared a lot of people." Gu Chensha hid in the demonic grass. His mind was connected to the Touch of the Demon and God tree.

He had been cultivating here for nearly five months. He had refined the Bloodsucking Devil Vine into the Seven Colored Demon Vine and then the Touch of the Demon and God. There were many strange phenomena. Many experts and powers had received the news. They would definitely have many ideas. After a few tests, he knew that Wu Dangkong was definitely hiding nearby.

So he deliberately acted strong. First, to kill the monster. Second, to lure the snake out of its hole. Third, to set up the Empty City Stratagem.

Deep in his Sea of Consciousness and Sea of Qi, there were two spaces. Each space was the size of a house. It wasn't very big, but it was enough to kill the monster and store the soul essence blood. The monster didn't attack him, which made his progress slow. He had to take risks.

"If I can capture a monster at the 20th transformation and refine it into the Touch of the Demon and God, then I can save 100 years of evolution time." Gu Chensha was confident. He could definitely kill a monster at the 20th transformation now.

His body contained the power of space and energy. His body's acupoints and meridians merged with the power of space. He could compare to an ancient god beast's body.

Moreover, he was at the 16th transformation of Dao Realm, Reincarnation. Compared to people of the same realm, his astral energy and soul power were dozens of times stronger. Naturally, he had to thank Wu Dangkong for this. Sou!

He arrived at the center of the plains and saw that a few miles of land had caved in. It was pitch black inside and one couldn't see the bottom. Demonic energy shot out from within.

"If this demonic energy continues and spreads, it will affect the entire Sin Province. It might even spread outside of Sin Province. These damn monsters, no matter what, we can't kill them all. Why can't the world be peaceful? Monster, monster, barbarian race, we can't kill them all? I don't believe it. "

Killing intent brewed in Gu Chensha's heart. He didn't have the strength to seal this place. This hole was connected to an unknown demon region and demonic energy filled the area.

He observed from above the hole. Xiantian astral energy wrapped around his body to block off the demonic energy to prevent it from entering his meridians.

In the distance, the Touch of the Ghost God's crown entered the clouds and formed a whirlpool that crazily absorbed the demonic energy.

In fact, Demonic Qi was also a type of energy. However, once a living being absorbed it, they would be able to cultivate very quickly. However, the death rate of Qi Deviation was also extremely high. People would also have thoughts of destroying everything, which would lead to distortion. Even gods wouldn't be able to avoid it.

This was why the living beings in the demon region were all twisted, bloodthirsty, and would kill one another.

In ancient times, countless sages of the demon race had researched ways to turn demonic aura into nutrients. The Heavenly Demon Tree was born with this as the foundation. This was also one of the reasons why Gu Chensha came to suppress the demon region.

After mastering the Touch of the Ghost God, the speed at which he absorbed demonic energy increased greatly, causing the demonic energy in the sky to thin out.

He estimated that after mastering the Heaven Monster Tree, the demonic energy here would no longer be a problem.

However, even with his current speed, mastering the Heaven Monster Tree would probably take decades. This would also require Gu Chensha to constantly kill the monsters.

Fortunately, Gu Chensha's cultivation improved by leaps and bounds. The higher his cultivation, the faster his refinement speed.

"Angling!"

Gu Chensha didn't enter the demon cave directly. Instead, he landed and hid in the depths of the demonic herbs. He looked at the churning demonic energy in the cave and observed his surroundings.

He didn't see any monsters in the surrounding demonic herbs. They had all retreated into the demon region.

Gu Chensha instantly condensed his Xiantian Earth Energy, turning it into a long thread. Like he was fishing, it seeped into the rumbling demonic energy.

When he was at the 14th Transformation of Dao Realm, he was able to spread out his Xiantian Earth Energy to cover 100 miles. Now that he was at the 16th Transformation of Reincarnation and his body had merged with the power of time and space, the toughness of his Earth Energy had undergone a drastic change.

Now, he formed his Earth Energy into a thread and headed deep into the demon region to fish. He could explore thousands of miles of land.

The demon region was really dangerous, so of course, he wouldn't head down with his true body. It was just nice for him to fish here.

Moreover, the Xiantian Earth Energy thread contained his soul, so once he went down, he would be able to see everything clearly. Zi zi zi … The thread was like lightning that dove into the demon region at an extremely quick speed.

In just a moment, the thread shook and a monster that was around the 7th or 8th Transformation of Dao Realm was hooked up and tossed into the sky.

In the air, the vine flashed, piercing through the monster and absorbing it cleanly. Not even a speck was left.

"Net!"

At that moment, Gu Chensha had used the Earth Energy thread to explore the situation in the demon region. However, he didn't head down with his true body. Instead, more threads appeared on his body and formed a huge net. He tossed it down like he was fishing, and in the blink of an eye, it disappeared into the rumbling demon region. The net formed from Xiantian Earth Energy was connected to a thin thread.

Actually, at this moment, Gu Chensha could split out a ball of Xiantian Earth Energy to form an incarnation far away from his main body. But if he did that, he wouldn't be able to replenish his energy and the incarnation would be easily destroyed in the demon region.

If he cultivated to the level of Dao Splitting Soul Separation, he would be able to separate three primordial spirits and cultivate in different places.

After a few breaths, Gu Chensha shook the thread in his hand. His face was filled with joy. The thread was heavy and it seemed like he had gained a lot from this net. He was like a fisherman who was working hard to catch fish.

Indeed, he had gained a lot from this net. There were at least three thousand fiendmonsters struggling in the net, but it was useless. They were pulled out by Gu Chensha and tossed into the sky, where they were all absorbed by the Touch of Ghost-God vines.

Gu Chensha tossed the net again and again. With each net, he obtained quite a number of fiendmonsters. There were at most a few thousand, and at least a few hundred. However, these fiendmonsters didn't have very high cultivation levels. True expert fiendmonsters could dodge Gu Chensha's net. Thankfully, with so many fiendmonsters, he had gained quite a lot.

After two or three days, the number of fiendmonsters below gradually decreased. It seemed like Gu Chensha had wiped them all out.

"It looks like the fiendmonsters are a little afraid and have scattered. This way, I'll have to go down myself if I want to obtain fiendmonsters. "

Gu Chensha pondered. "But once I enter the demon region, it will be extremely dangerous. It will be difficult to take care of the Touch of Ghost-God outside. I shouldn't overreach myself." Over the past few days, the Touch of Ghost-God tree had been quiet. No one attacked.

"That Wu Dangkong is so patient?

She has gone through the Grand Sacrifice of the Heavenly Abode, and her cultivation level is probably not to be underestimated. I can't do anything to her in a one-on-one fight. "Gu Chensha deduced again." It's possible that she is breaking through to the next level. Once she does, she will attack me. "

Wu Dangkong's cultivation was really strong and she had exceeded Jing Fanxing's. Before she entered the palace, she was an expert at the Dao Realm 19 Transformation.

After she entered the palace, her cultivation became even stronger and she broke through many times. Gu Chensha knew that she was probably at the Dao Realm 21 Transformation, an expert who could turn into the five elements.