Chapter 716
===========

The current Calming Xian Department was filled with crouching tigers and hidden dragons.

Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, Gu Huasha, Longevity God, Liu Yu, the reincarnated God of Five Seasons, and Jin Suibo, Ling Shaofei, Yuhuan Lu, and the others.

Not to mention Gu Chensha, even if he hadn't become a god, he was still one of the most terrifying people in the world. His true strength might not even be comparable to a Heavenly Venerable, and he could only fight experts at the 35 or 36 Transformation of the Dao Realm.

If it was a one-on-one battle, without using the power of a medium-sized world or treasures, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue would be evenly matched.

However, one had to know that Lou Baiyue had already reached the 30 Transformation of the World Creation Realm and had become a god. As for Gu Chensha, he was only at the 29 Transformation and had comprehended the Primal Chaos Realm.

If Gu Chensha also stepped into the god realm, it would be a world-shaking change, and even a Heavenly Venerable wouldn't be able to do anything to him.

Only then would he be able to truly roam the world. The power of Cui Dong's medium-sized world would be ordinary, and it could even stimulate the World Tree to reach a deeper transformation, becoming an even stronger existence and gradually approaching the Hongmeng Tree.

It was a pity that Gu Chensha still couldn't step into the god realm, as he was still lacking some crucial things.

As for Longevity God, he would soon reach the 36 Transformation of the Embodiment Transformation Realm.

This was because he had obtained the True God position of the Longevity God, Fortune God, and Longevity God, and he had truly become a 'Zhang Sanquan'. His small chiliocosm was working together, and he had accumulated enough. He had also received a lot of nurturing from the Dharma Saint. This way, he would become an unparalleled giant sooner or later.

Longevity God was sincerely lowering his head to Gu Chensha and doing his best for the Calming Xian Department. This was because his destiny was already completely linked to the Calming Xian Department.

With so many experts cooperating with each other and working as one, if the Calming Immortal Department didn't prosper and prosper, there would be no justice in the world.

"Martial Emperor, we meet again. The last time you attempted to obtain Black Dragon Great Sage's Crystal Palace, I captured you, refined you, and seized the heart of a divergent. This caused my Common People's Wish sphere to evolve once more, finally transforming into a dimensional realm. The development of our Calming Immortal Division is all thanks to you. Originally, I thought that after you were reborn, you would repent and repent, but instead, you became even more vicious and tried to subvert the world. You couldn't let go of your former dignity as an emperor, and you didn't sever your karmic ties.

"Why exactly?" The Martial Emperor calmed down and seemed to be thinking of a way to escape.

"Because you brought this upon yourself. Now that all living beings in the world have awakened, you still want to use the methods of an emperor to enslave them. In the unseen world, you will be devoured by the power of all living beings, resulting in a tribulation. This is the tide that goes against the general trend of the world. Your destiny will rapidly decline. The reason why our Calming Xian Department's destiny is flourishing is because we have almost touched the supreme principle of all living beings being united." Gu Chensha pointed.

Suddenly, a ray of light rushed out of the Martial Emperor's body. Within this light was a person. It was the Martial Saint. The resurrected Martial Saint.

"As expected of the Lord of Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha. Just by relying on his own sacrifice, he was able to resurrect the Martial Saint."

Gu Chensha admired the Martial Saint, "Martial Saint, you are different from the Dharma Saint. You have maintained your original heart and you are the representative of martial arts. Now that you have been reborn, what do you think?"

"You are Gu Chensha, the cultivator of the Heaven Path Technique. You are the same as the Lord of Sun and Moon, one good and one evil. You protect the human race, create order, raise people's intelligence, fight against the Demon Race, expand land, and create civilization. From your body, I can see a huge amount of merit." The Martial Saint praised Gu Chensha.

He roughly understood the changes in Heaven and Earth, the Central Divine Continent, the people, and the Imperial Court's atmosphere. Such a way of ruling a country was also his dream.

"Sir Martial Saint is really magnanimous. Unfortunately, your most promising descendant, the Martial Emperor, is different and didn't follow your will. How should I deal with him now?

His cultivation isn't weak now, he is at the Dao Realm 36 Transformation. His Embodiment Transformation Realm is at the peak of the Dao Realm 36 Transformation. If I don't rely on the power of the medium-sized world, I won't be able to suppress him with my own strength. If I release him, the world will still be in chaos. "

Gu Chensha didn't dare to underestimate the Martial Emperor. The Martial Emperor had revived time and time again, getting stronger and stronger. Although Gu Chensha had killed him, as the world changed, sooner or later he would break free from Gu Chensha's control.

Since the Lord of Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha appeared, Gu Chensha felt like he had met his strongest opponent.

This time, he was able to capture the Martial Emperor and save the Martial Saint because Gu Tiansha was fighting with the Myriad Immortal Master and the others. Otherwise, it would have been impossible for him to gain any advantage from Gu Tiansha. But this was also an eye for an eye.

Gu Tiansha saved Wang Chengshi and the others from his hands, so he saved the Martial Saint from Gu Tiansha's hands and snatched the Martial Emperor. Both sides fought and it was a draw.

Of course, Gu Chensha knew that if the Celestial Calmness Division didn't have Regal Propria's golden medallion as a backing, then the Moon Sovereign Gu Chensha would have a great deal of scruples. Otherwise, the dimensional realm wouldn't have been able to resist the enemy.

This was also because Gu Tiansha hadn't reached Saint Realm. If he did, the Calm Celestial Department would have to face huge pressure. Of course, as long as Gu Chensha reached God Realm, then all the problems would be solved.

Now that he had regained his face, it was time to kill the Martial Emperor. However, the revival of the Martial Saint was a righteous matter, so he had to ask for his opinion. Gu Chensha respected the Martial Saint a lot.

Actually, even if it was the Dharma Saint, as long as he didn't do anything wrong, Gu Chensha respected him. After all, he had established laws and order for humans in ancient times, subdued demons, and suppressed the ages. He had done great deeds for humans. Unfortunately, for some reason, he had changed. Maybe it was the Heavenly Dao's tribulation. Humans sank into it and became chess pieces, unable to control their own fate. In reality, Wan Senshi, Xing Qiongshi, and the Celestial Lord were all the same.

Even the Lord of Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha was in the depths of a tribulation, drifting with the waves. He wanted to struggle but couldn't escape.

"Although the Martial Emperor wanted to unify the world, he didn't do anything evil."

The Martial Saint looked at Gu Chensha and suddenly sighed, "His ambition is clear, but it doesn't match his strength. His stubbornness hasn't been broken.

I feel that the best way is to remove all of his cultivation and refine him into a puppet similar to the Common People's Great Commander. Only by doing his part for the world's order can he make up for his mistakes. "

"No!" Martial Emperor howled like a wounded wild beast, "You can't do this! I've had countless fortuitous encounters to regain the power I had back then, and now you want to cripple me. I'm not resigned to this. I'm a Martial Emperor, and I've founded the Great Wu Empire, and my name has shaken the Divine Prefecture.

"Of course you're not wrong. It's just that your ambition is too great."

Gu Chensha clenched his fist, and immediately, countless whirlpools spun in the air. A black and white hole that alternated between light and dark appeared above his head. A strong suction came from the depths of the hole, and it actually started to absorb the Martial Emperor's energy. The Martial Monarch struggled, but there was nothing he could do in the face of this power.

"What a powerful cultivation technique. It contains the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art and another even stronger martial art. Is this the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's Great God Slaughtering Art?

One God Sealing Art, the other God Slaughtering Art. Combined with your Heavenly Dao cultivation, Yin and Yang, good and evil, everything is in this thought.

Extracting the Martial Emperor's cultivation is not a problem. "The Martial Saint seemed to be pondering something. He seemed to have his own insights.

"The Martial Emperor's cultivation has reached the Thirty-six Transformations. He's in the realm of Embodiment Transformation. In addition, he's an anomaly. If we were to fight head-on, I wouldn't be able to do anything to him with my own strength. I might even be defeated by him."

Gu Chensha said, "But in this dimensional realm, there are many experts in the Celestial Tranquility Department. We control the world. Even if it's the power of will condensed from the masses, it's not something a Martial Emperor can resist. Extracting his cultivation is naturally a piece of cake. " As he spoke, Gu Chensha suddenly made another grabbing motion. Rumble!

Immediately, endless Origin Qi condensed in the Martial Emperor's body again, forming a connate spiritual treasure. It was a jade seal. This jade seal contained the aura of the first emperor when the world was created.

This was the Beginning Emperor Seal that Wan Senshi had taken out to restore the Martial Emperor's strength.

The power of this jade seal was only below that of the Liberation Bow and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows. It was also one of the best connate spiritual treasures. Even the number one ancient immortal sect like the Black Heaven and Earth Sect could not find one or two of them.

With the Beginning Emperor Seal forcibly extracted, the Martial Emperor immediately weakened. His cultivation fell from the Thirty-six Transformations to the Thirty-five Transformations. With this, his aura weakened, and Gu Chensha's power took advantage of it.

Immediately, two hours later, the Emperor's Life Talisman, the King's Life Flag, the General's Life Sword, and the Human Main Saber were all extracted. The Martial Emperor's cultivation fell to the early Divine Realm. Gu Chensha slapped his palm again, using the Banishing Immortals technique.

Immediately, all the essence of the Martial Emperor's cultivation was refined and condensed in his palm. Then, with a slight movement, a masked head appeared. This was Wan Senshi's head.

However, the head was reinforced by the power of the sun and moon, preventing it from playing tricks. This was Gu Chensha's power.

Originally, Wan Senshi had spent a great deal of effort to nurture the Martial Emperor. The Martial Emperor should not have been able to escape from his grasp, but who knew that the Master of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha, would appear.

With Gu Chensha's unimaginable means, he had restrained Wan Senshi, but now, both of their powers had benefited Gu Chensha.

"Good stuff."

Gu Chensha played with the five connate spiritual treasures and Wan Senshi's head. "These treasures are enough for me to create another powerful puppet." The app supports offline reading, no ads, and millions of books are free to read!

Font and brightness adjustment, night mode, reading progress memory, and many other powerful features. Please follow the official WeChat account to download. Gegegengxin (Press and hold for three seconds to copy)