Chapter 231
===========

There was no problem with Gu Chensha's proof of identity. It was originally made by the government to hide his identity during the operation of the Calming Immortal Department. This was also one of Lou Baiyue's secret methods. With the identity of Chen Gong, a twelfth year imperial scholar, he successfully entered the city.

Although with his cultivation, he could enter the city at any time, he needed to interact with people and blend into the lives of the common people. It was better to have an identity to find a reincarnated person.

In addition, mingling with the common people and feeling the atmosphere of the common people was very beneficial to his cultivation. He even chatted with these scholars at the tea house for a while to feel the culture of the common people. A group of scholars traveling around, wearing fresh clothes and chatting freely with their swords, made him have a deeper understanding of the Emperor's Qi.

The Emperor's Qi was to control the people. Under the rule of law, the common people would gradually recognize the rules of the Emperor. Finally, the law would be strict, and the will of the people would be born. The so-called hearts of the people were the source of the Emperor's Qi.

The stronger the dynasty, the stricter the law, and the more prosperous it was, the stronger the Emperor's Qi.

If the dynasty was ruined, the people would have no way to live, the people would be confused, and there would be smoke everywhere, then the Emperor would no longer have the Emperor's Qi.

At this moment, the Great Yongchō was unprecedentedly prosperous. There were basically no bandits among the common people.

In the past dynasties, there were many barren mountains and unruly rivers that were occupied by a large number of bandits, and even people of the Devil Dao.

But now, all the bandits had been purged, and the people of the Devil Dao had gone into hiding, not daring to show their faces.

Especially in the last two years, the Wilderness was almost flattened. This caused many of the people of the Devil Dao to be unable to rely on the barbarians.

In the past, old demons like the Black Demon Bat could still stir up trouble. But after Gu Chensha killed the four old demons, some of the people of the Devil Dao were shocked.

He paid the entrance tax of one jiao, which was a metal coin made by the imperial court. Ten jiao were equivalent to one yuan. One yuan was equivalent to one tael of silver in the past.

Gu Chensha entered the city and found that the city was built very beautifully. Not only were the roads wide, they were also very clean. The shops and houses on the side of the road were also planted with flowers and grass, and they were trimmed neatly. There was even a man-made river in the center of the city, and there were people rowing boats on it.

It was very comfortable to walk on the road. There was basically no dust or rubbish. Not to mention that there were specialized people to clean the road, if someone threw rubbish, there would immediately be small officers to stop them and fine them.

The people of Wuzhou had always been tough and tough. Everyone practiced martial arts, and fights would often break out at the slightest disagreement. However, no one dared to cause trouble on the streets now. There were many soldiers patrolling to deter thieves and lawbreakers.

There were many martial arts schools in the city. Of course, the largest were the schools built by the government.

The current policies of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor placed great emphasis on education. He even provided free lodging and free tuition for the children. Those who studied well were rewarded, and schools were being built everywhere among the people. As the capital of the Wu Province, the school was naturally the largest.

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor reformed the school system, splitting it into many levels. Kids were at the beginner level, teenagers were at the intermediate level, and then the advanced level.

"Originally, I thought that after the earthquake and disaster, there would be a long period of depression, at least three to five years before it could recover. Who would have thought that in just a few months, it would be completely prosperous." Gu Chensha sighed with emotion at the strength of the imperial court.

Wuzhou was really prosperous, and it didn't lose to the capital. That was because this place was the capital of the Great Wu Dynasty a long time ago.

A few thousand years ago, an expert from the Wu Family built the Great Wu Dynasty and unified the world. He built the Dragon Transformation Tower and it was one of the strongest dynasties in history. The Barbarian Race was forced to retreat. Although it fell, the Wu Family was still fine.

After so many years of wind and rain, the capital of the Great Wu Dynasty still stood tall and majestic. Martial Path Energy filled the land.

Gu Chensha walked around and realized that there were many strong auras in the city. There were even Dao Realm experts hidden. Occasionally, there would be martial arts masters galloping on horses. He knew that many outsiders had gathered in Wuzhou City. This was definitely caused by Gu Tanjian.

The news that Gu Tanjian released the Dragon Raising Pill and Virtue Pill was something that any expert would flock to.

"Tiger Leopard Alliance?" Just as he was casually walking around, a giant dojo appeared in his eyes. The words Tiger Leopard Alliance were written on it.

Gu Chensha looked at the signature. It was actually the handwriting of the retired Grand Scholar Yan Wuliu.

Yan Wuliu was a famous scholar. His calligraphy and painting were the best in the world and a single word was hard to buy. He was once a scholar in the Imperial Court but because he criticized the Heavenly Talisman Emperor for allowing women to study and become officials, he was banished. However, he still had a huge reputation among the commoners. This person was a stubborn scholar and was actually willing to write a signboard for a commoner like the Tiger Leopard Alliance.

The dojo of the Tiger Leopard Alliance was in the northwest corner of Wuzhou City. It was at least a thousand hectares large. There were high walls on the outside and many tall buildings on the inside. In front of the main entrance was a giant square with two giant jade Qilin statues.

On the square, there were many muscular men dressed in warrior attire walking around. They didn't allow random people to get close.

Sometimes when the patrolling soldiers came here, both sides would greet one another. This showed the close relationship between this commoner and the government.

Gu Chensha looked at the gate of the Tiger Leopard Alliance from afar. In truth, he was filled with disdain towards this commoner group. At most, it was just a small gang that hugged Gu Tanjian's leg. This was why they colluded with the government and created such a huge commotion.

Tiger Leopard Alliance's Alliance Head Jia Yidao was said to be a martial arts grandmaster. He obtained the Virtue Pill from Gu Tanjian and reached Dao Realm. To the commoners, he seemed like a god but to Gu Chensha, he wasn't worth mentioning at all. But now, it seemed like the Tiger Leopard Alliance wasn't simple.

The aura of the place and the formation wasn't something that a First Transformation Dao Realm expert could create. Especially the pair of Qilins in front of the gate. They weren't made of normal jade but Spirit Sealing Jade. They were refined by someone with high cultivation and could swallow any unclean things that tried to invade.

"Gu Tanjian seems to have come up with something."

Gu Chensha laughed coldly and turned around. He didn't go in to see what was going on. He had come to Wuzhou to secretly search for the Martial Song Star's reincarnation. He wasn't here to tangle with Gu Tanjian.

The Martial Song Star's reincarnation's talent was no small matter. Even the most conservative estimate was that he was a peerless genius, and one that was even stronger than Long Zaifei.

Gu Chensha had some experience with the stars. He was also familiar with history. Many emperors were born from their mothers swallowing starlight.

If it was a powerful inauspicious star, such as the Seven Murders, Army Destroyer, and Voracious Wolf, combining the three stars into one to kill the wolf, then that person's talent was equivalent to that of a natural saint. Since ancient times, whenever such a person appeared, there would be a bloodbath. Who knew how many people would die and how many immortals would fall?

Apart from that, the Heavenly Fiend Star and the Heavenly Spirit Star would also have the talent of a natural saint.

Even more terrifying was the reincarnation of the Lord of Seven Stars. If he was righteous, he was a peerless celestial. If he was evil, he was a peerless demon.

Gu Chensha had seen the calamity last time. Hundreds of thousands of stars had descended from the heavens. Who knew how many powerful figures had been born?

Gu Chensha found a place to stay. It was the Rain Admiration Pavilion that Feng Yuzhou had introduced him to.

Rather than an inn, it was better to call it a high-class guild hall. The interior was elegant, and the cost was exorbitant. A night's stay cost a hundred yuan, or a hundred taels of silver.

But after checking in, Gu Chensha understood why it was so expensive. There were all sorts of delicacies and delicacies, and there were beautiful maids who served him tea, played the zither, sang songs, recited poems, and painted with him. It was a place of oppressive wealth. This was the Feng Clan's guild hall, and it was doing quite well.

Gu Chensha didn't call for anyone to wait on him. He just stayed in a secluded courtyard. At night, he would once again observe the heavens.

He had a vague feeling that the reincarnation of the Martial Song Star was in the Martial Prefecture's capital.

"Those who reincarnate from the stars are not necessarily all babies. There are also records of ordinary people who suddenly swallowed starlight, and as time passed, they began to transform."

Gu Chensha knew that the Profound Truths of the Stars had only descended into the human world a few months ago. If they were really born, then all he had to do was check which babies had been born during this period of time. The scope could be narrowed down and things would be much simpler.

Unfortunately, those who were born with the profound mysteries of the stars weren't necessarily babies. Ordinary people could also have such fortuitous encounters. That was like looking for a needle in a haystack.

Night fell. The stars twinkled in the sky, mysterious and vast. Who knew how much power they contained?

Gu Chensha used the spell that he had comprehended to calculate. He felt that every star seemed to be alive, a huge life form that humans could not understand. They had their own unique thoughts.

But even after calculating to the limit, he still had no idea who the reincarnation of the Martial Song Star was.

"Hahaha, Brother Chen is indeed a trustworthy person."

Just as Gu Chensha was observing the stars and comprehending something, laughter came from outside. It was Feng Yu Zhou, who he met at the tea stall during the day.

This person walked in with a few scholars who were sightseeing with him. Compared to the people Gu Chensha saw during the day, this group was even larger.

However, these people were all covered in dust. Feng Yu Zhou, in particular, although he was smiling, his arm was wrapped in bandages. It seemed like it was broken by someone and had just been reattached.

"Brother Feng, what are you doing?" Gu Chensha hurriedly asked, "Aren't we going sightseeing? Why do you look like you're fleeing? Could there be bandits nearby? "

"Let's not talk about it. Today is really unlucky. We went sightseeing together and saw two girls who were also sightseeing. We went up to strike up a conversation, but the girl thought we were flirting and beat us up." A scholar's face was swollen like a pig's and he cried out.

"What? That girl beat you up? "

Gu Chensha looked at Feng Yu Zhou's broken arm and said, "Brother Feng, if I'm not wrong, you're a Martial Grandmaster, right? To have your arm broken, could it be that the girl's martial arts are above yours?"

"It's not just above me, it's like the difference between heaven and earth. One of the women pointed her finger in the air and I couldn't move. The other two women came up and beat us up. I couldn't use my martial arts at all. Then, the two women disappeared. Could it be that they encountered some demons and ghosts?"