Chapter 836
===========

"That's right. I don't have my own empire, so I can't use the power of the sacrifice.

However, there's one more thing you need to understand. The sacrificial power required for this Heavenly Sacrifice Decree is extremely pure. Even if I control a Greater Thousand Realms, such as the Xuanhuang Greater Thousand Realms, control the living beings within, and then sacrifice them, it won't be of much use. The purity won't be enough. Only by controlling the Divine Central Continent will I be able to fully activate the Heavenly Sacrifice Decree and activate its wondrous arts. " It wasn't that Wu Dangkong didn't want to establish an empire.

Given her current cultivation base and foundation, she could occupy a place in the celestial realms. For example, she could incinerate the lands of the Seven Continents, gather humans, and educate them. Slowly but surely, she would gain immense faith, just like Jing Qiu had done with the Holy Sama Empire in the Desolate Wastes. However, she didn't have the patience or the time to do so.

Managing an empire and starting it from scratch was something that could not be done without hundreds or even thousands of years.

Add to that the fact that the Central Divine Prefecture was the most valuable land, the Four Wilderlands, and she had to search for another continent to establish a new empire and a new sacrificial altar.

The people of the Central Divine Prefecture were the most valuable, followed by the Four Wilderlands.

Because the Four Wilderlands were so close to the Central Divine Prefecture, the people of the divine prefecture had lived there since ancient times. As a result, the blood of the divine prefecture flowed through the people of the Four Wilderlands. Because of that, the people of the Four Wilderlands had the blood of the divine prefecture in their veins. Because of that, when the people of the Four Wilderlands were gathered together to establish an empire, the power of the sacrificial offerings would be immense, second only to the divine prefecture. That was why the Profound Sect of the Immortal Dao resided in the Eastern Wilderlands.

"I know that other than that, there's another reason why the Goddess is unable to unleash the full power of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. That's because the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman Emperor has altered something in the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman, distorting its origin." Old Man Desolate said.

"Do you have a way to restore it?"

Wu Dangkong's eyes flashed. It wasn't a secret that there was something wrong with the decree, and many of the old-timers knew about it. If it weren't for the fact that there were no problems, she would have long since formed her own faction. Why would she need to join this alliance? To scheme and scheme against the old-timers? By relying on the edict, he could suppress destiny, and even subjugate some of the old-timers.

"It's actually very simple. As long as you awaken your essence and become the Emperor Of Heaven's Bright Concubine, you'll be able to sense where the Emperor Of Heaven is. Then, through your prayers, you'll be able to borrow the power of the Emperor Of Heaven to remove the seal.

In addition, as long as the Empress awakens her source, her aptitude will definitely not be below that of a Heavenly King. She will be able to stand on equal footing with a Heavenly King. In the future, as the Imperial Harem of the Emperor Of Heaven, the Empress will hold a lot of authority and will be deeply trusted by the Emperor Of Heaven, "said the Desolate Old Man.

"How do I awaken the source?" Wu Dangkong's heart surged. She knew that her chance was right in front of her.

"It's still the power of sacrifice."

Desolate Old Man said, "The Gate Jin Heavenly King controls the Primeval Dragon Gate and has nearly three thousand True Gods' sacrifice. That's a huge power. Actually, the Empress can work with the Gate Jin Heavenly King and borrow the power of the three thousand True Gods' sacrifice to instantly break through some kind of limit and awaken the Emperor Of Heaven's Bright Concubine's essence." "After all this talk, you're here to persuade me, not to rely on me."

Wu Dangkong's expression turned cold. "I'm afraid that the Gate Jin Heavenly King has ulterior motives. He wants to obtain my edict so that he can take another step forward. We're in a chaotic world with one variable after another. Even those who are loyal to the future Heavenly Court are just watching the changes unfold. If the Emperor Of Heaven were to come out, they might not be completely convinced. They might even want to replace him. If Gu Taxian didn't exist, they would still be obedient. But now, it's hard to say how loyal they are. " Wu Dangkong was not a fool. How could she believe Desolate Old Man's words?

"I can see that too. That's why I wholeheartedly pledged my allegiance to you. In the future, the Gate Jin Heavenly King of the Heavenly Court will be a high-ranking official, but you are still the closest to the Celestial Thearch. To be honest, if the Celestial Thearch is unhappy, he can promote a new Heavenly King at any time to take charge of the Dragon Gate of the Untainted Land. He will also be a Gate Jin Heavenly King. It's not impossible for the old Gate Jin Heavenly King to be stripped of his origin and banished to the mortal world.

"You've said so much, but I still don't see your sincerity." Wu Dangkong remained calm. She would not release the eagle until she saw the rabbit.

"Your subordinate greets the Empress." Desolate Old Man actually prostrated in front of Wu Dangkong.

In the blink of an eye, an enormous stream of sacrificial power shot up into the sky and converged on Wu Dangkong.

Wu Dangkong's face lit up with delight. A glowing image appeared around her, which wrapped around the sacrificial power, then slowly refined it and absorbed it. In the blink of an eye, her cultivation base rose significantly.

There were many ways to extract sacrificial power, but the Son of Heaven's God-Bestowment Art was unique.

Wu Dangkong had been cultivating the Son of Heaven's God-Bestowment art for a long time now, and had almost reached the consummate level. She had surpassed many ancient emperors, and therefore, as soon as she received Desolate Old Man's sacrificial power, she was on the verge of a breakthrough.

'This Desolate Old Man's sacrificial power is so strong, and some of the materials are rare. No wonder. He's a Heavenly Longevity Realm old-timer. Since ancient times, even emperors have had to take celestials as their masters, let alone Heavenly Longevity Realm experts.

If I can get the sacrificial power of the Emperor Of Heaven, the Dharma Saint, the Immortal Lord, and Wan Senshi, it will only be a matter of time before I awaken Concubine Ming's essence. And then there are the three thousand gods and the heavenly kings! '

Wu Dangkong was elated. 'Now that all nine heavenly kings have come out, I need them to offer sacrifices to me. I represent the Emperor Of Heaven, and if the Emperor Of Heaven doesn't come out, my position will be the most important.'

While Wu Dangkong was refining Desolate Old Man's sacrificial power, she didn't notice that it contained something very difficult to detect. Gu Chensha was still in Sin Prefecture City.

Images of Desolate Old Man and Wu Dangkong appeared in front of him. Their conversation, their actions, and even their thoughts were vivid and lifelike. At the same time, he could clearly see what was happening in the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate.

Thanks to subjugating Desolate Old Man, he had fused his own nascent divinity into his sacrificial power. With that, he could acquire the Yore-Wilds Dragon Gate, as well as Wu Dangkong's Heaven-Offering Decree, and Wu Dangkong's Concubine Ming's essence.

In the future, Wu Dangkong would be Emperor Of Heaven's Concubine Ming. In fact, when the Emperor Of Heaven wasn't in the world, she would preside over the Heavenly Court, and would be the spokesperson of the Emperor Of Heaven. She would have incredible authority, and would have power that could shake the myriad worlds.

Now, Gu Chensha was using Desolate Old Man to fuse his nascent divinity into Wu Dangkong's sacrificial power. Although it was true that Emperor Of Heaven could rapidly increase his strength, and even make breakthroughs, over time, he would be completely under Gu Chensha's control.

Furthermore, Gu Chensha could use Desolate Old Man as a link to make Wu Dangkong and the Jin Dynasty Heavenly King fight each other, while he would be the fisherman to reap the benefits.

Of course, the most important thing was that he could learn the whereabouts of the Emperor Of Heaven from Wu Dangkong, as well as the secrets of the Emperor Of Heaven.

In all of space-time, the boundless universe, the trillions of trillions of planes, the past, the present, and the future, the most important thing was the Emperor Of Heaven. If he could subjugate the Emperor Of Heaven and obtain the Emperor Of Heaven's sacrificial power, Gu Chensha would be able to extract the true, limitless, invincible, and limitless substance that would allow him to make breakthroughs in all realms. This was the most important thing.

There was a possibility that the Emperor Of Heaven had already been born and was in the Calming Immortal Department, but he had yet to awaken his source.

Of course, Gu Chensha didn't think that he would be able to capture the Emperor Of Heaven so easily. The Emperor Of Heaven was the personification of the Heavenly Dao. It could be said that the Emperor Of Heaven was the Heavenly Dao, and the Heavenly Dao was the Emperor Of Heaven. The Emperor Of Heaven wasn't the son of the Heavenly Dao.

No matter how high Gu Chensha's cultivation base was, he knew that the battle between him and the Emperor Of Heaven would be long and drawn out. It was impossible for him to succeed with such a small trick. However, small tricks were still necessary. Many a little makes a mickle, and many small victories made a big victory. This was the only way for Gu Chensha to succeed.

"I can't control the Emperor Of Heaven, but I can control the Heavenly King of Jin. He will definitely descend and infiltrate my Calming Immortal Department." Gu Chensha's gaze turned and he observed everything in the Dragon Gate of Antiquity.

In the depths of the Dragon Gate of Antiquity, the Heavenly King of Jin, who had transformed into an ordinary youth, was also observing the changes. At this time, inside the Dragon Gate of Antiquity, the five worlds were moving and wriggling. The power of the five elements was brewing, giving birth to mountains, rivers, stars, sun, and moon. The vitality of the Dragon Gate of Antiquity had been activated.

When Gu Chensha first found the Dragon Gate of Antiquity, the first thing he saw was the five worlds outside the Dragon Gate. They were divided into the five elements: metal, wood, water, fire, and earth. He had wanted to collect them, but he wasn't as strong as he was now.

"Heavenly King, what should we do now?

The providence of the Central Divine Prefecture is growing stronger and stronger. I think we have to do something about it. I've been observing for the past few days. The providence of the Eternal Dynasty is skyrocketing every day. Although ambitious and ruthless people are born every day, they are either suppressed or subdued. "

The Demonic Ape of Chaos said to the Heavenly King of Jin, "Since ancient times, when dynasties were on the verge of destruction, ambitious people would descend from the heavens and cause chaos, paving the way for a true king.

Some time ago, many stars descended, and it was the same with the Devil Calamity. But now, the people who reincarnated from the stars have been dug out one by one by the Calming Immortal Department. Not only have they not rebelled, but they've also worshiped the Dao of the Calming Immortal Department. In addition, the Demon Domain has become a training ground for the imperial court. Not only has it not retaliated, but it has also provided the Yongchō with an endless supply of resources, allowing the talents inside to grow rapidly. I don't think the momentum is right. " (Hold down for three seconds to copy)