Chapter 773
===========

After reaching the God level, Gu Chensha had devoured Lord Sun-Moon Gu Tiansha's essence, and then reached the level of One Thought Heavenspan, the twenty-third transformation of the Dao Realm. He no longer feared any of the old-timers. He had even come into contact with something that surpassed the Heavenly Daos.

The laws of space and time were under the jurisdiction of the Heavenly Daos, but Gu Taxian's appearance had broken that rule. His entanglement with the Heavenly Daos had resulted in Gu Tiansha. Gu Tiansha's essence contained some sort of transcendence. And Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao magic was the key to activating that essence.

Gu Chensha's power had already been established, and he no longer had to lower his head in front of any faction. In the future, he would use his power to break all laws.

Gu Chensha hadn't divined the battle between Chang Weiyang and Dou Yiyu before because he was afraid it would affect Chang Weiyang's ascension. He knew that once Chang Weiyang became an empyrean, she would return to the Calming Immortal Department.

But now Celestial Victorious Battle had appeared and said that Chang Weiyang had joined the three empyreans. Gu Chensha had immediately started divining, and found that Chang Weiyang had indeed become an empyrean. However, her destiny seemed to have been severed, and she had most likely been killed. He was instantly enraged, and his killing intent toward the three empyreans, especially Celestial Victorious Battle, reached its peak.

"Hahahaha …" Wan Senshi laughed loudly. "Victorious Battle, this kid actually insulted you like this? That's a huge humiliation. I remember that in the past tens of thousands of years, no one has ever dared to call you three empyreans three old dogs. How about it? Let's join forces to kill this kid. What do you say? " "You think you can kill me by yourself, Wan Senshi?

Loser, even before I ascended to the Deity level, I was able to seize your New Divine Prefecture and cause your plans to fall short of success, let alone the current me? "Gu Chensha said disdainfully," In my opinion, you're even worse than an old dog. " "Junior, how dare you be so insolent?

Heavenly Venerate Victorious Battling seemed like he was about to make a move at any moment. "I have already seen through your strength. Even if you were to fight against the Immortal Master, you would only end up with a lose-lose situation if you relied on all your techniques. Coupled with Immortal Master Wan, you would definitely lose. At most, you would be able to escape. However, I have completely grasped the supreme secret of the Hong Meng Tree.

I came here this time with the intention of bringing peace to the world, to have your Calming Immortal Department and Heavenly Craft Academy eliminate the conflict, yet you are so deranged, a devil that has seeped into your marrow.

It seems like the Celestial Designer Institute must be eradicated. You are the source of all disasters. You are the true Demon Race, and you will bring great harm to the Central Divine Prefecture. " "It really is an old dog barking."

When Gu Chensha heard this, he was so angry that he laughed instead. "Our imperial court controls the world, Tranquil Celestial Sect. You three old dogs are traitors and traitors to begin with, yet you still dare to be so arrogant. Do you really think that the world is the same as before? Do you really think that you can abolish the Emperor, take control of the divine weapon, and desecrate the country?" "Kid, do you know why I told you so much?"

Heavenly Venerate Victorious Fighter seemed to have calmed down, and a cold smile appeared on his face. "The moment you said those words about the three old dogs, I could have torn you to shreds. But you've said so much. Even if you die, it will be worth it. "

"You're just using the power of the Primordial Tree to seal up the surroundings and shift this space to a certain place, making it impossible for me to escape. That way, the three of you can unleash your powers to your heart's content and kill me."

Gu Chensha looked around. Indeed, the entire space-time had been shifted away. He was no longer in the Wildlands.

Heavenly Venerate Victorious Fighter did not attack just now because he was completing a series of seals, making it impossible for Gu Chensha to escape.

"That's right. Right now, this space-time has arrived at a perilous place in the universe. This perilous place is called the Land of Ashes. Any existence that comes here will be reduced to ashes. I'd like to see if you can escape from our attacks."

Heavenly Venerate Victorious Fighter waved his hand, and the entire space was completely shattered, revealing the appearance of this perilous place.

There was fog everywhere. This fog was made up of dust and haze, not ordinary mountain fog or sea fog. Instead, it was water vapor. Every speck of dust contained immense destructive power. Within the fog, one would feel as if millions of primordial divine mountains were pressing down on them.

Every speck of dust was equivalent to a primordial divine mountain. Although it seemed as if they were everywhere, in reality, they were constantly jumping and colliding with each other at an extremely high speed. Crackle!

Huge collisions came one after another around Gu Chensha. In that instant, he felt as if he was being struck by countless meteors.

Collisions of this level could destroy a Sage. Even a Heavenly Venerate would find it difficult to escape this place. This was because the fog in this Land of Ashes seemed to be endless. It was also impossible to tear through the void and escape this place.

"How is it?"

Heavenly Venerate Victorious Fighter said, "This Land of Ashes is one of the fatal traps that I've set up for tens of thousands of years. Back then, Heavenly Venerate Taiyi perished here." He stood side by side with the Immortal Master and Wan Senshi. The dust and haze were slowly dissipating, but they were actually unable to strengthen their bodies.

From the looks of it, this perilous place in the universe seemed to have been refined into some sort of killing array by Heavenly Venerate Victorious Fighter.

"Every single speck of dust and haze here is the true essence that has been condensed naturally by the cosmic tides and chaos for billions of years. If you bring any single speck of dust and haze here into the Endless Mainland, you can create a primordial divine mountain or even a brand new continent."

The Immortal Master said, "Heavenly Venerate Victorious Fighter, although you guys haven't cultivated for as long as us, your strength has already reached the Heavenly Longevity Realm. In fact, all of you have refined your own dimensional realm and can even comprehend some of the secrets of the Primordial Tree. By borrowing some of its power, you guys can set up a fatal formation." "Heavenly Venerate Victorious Fighter, you alone can go against me."

Wan Senshi lamented. "It seems like the three of you Heavenly Venerates have already become the strongest force of this era." "Seniors, you're too kind."

Heavenly Venerate Victorious Fighter looked at Gu Chensha, who was wrapped in dust and haze, and was rather courteous. He knew that regardless of whether it was the Immortal Master or Wan Senshi, both of them had cultivated for far longer than him. They had yet to fully reveal their hidden techniques.

"Do you think that you can trap me just like that?

This Land of Ashes is indeed a good place. Who would have thought that the power of the universe would be so fierce? There are so many dangerous lands, and even Heavenly Venerates can't do anything in the face of this majestic power. "

Gu Chensha looked at the surrounding haze that was surging towards him. Even with his own strength, it was actually difficult for him to charge out, much less tear open space and leave this place.

Each speck of haze was like a primordial divine mountain that far exceeded a God level dust world. Even the primordial dust of a Dao Realm 35 Transformation Realm cultivator was nothing compared to the haze here.

The fog here was a strange substance that had been produced in the Big Bang of the Primal Chaos at the beginning of the universe. It had been compressed, swallowed, and condensed by the cosmic tide force for billions of years. Only then did it form this land of death, the Land of Ashes.

"Let's do it."

Heavenly Venerate Victorious Fighter didn't seem to want to say anything more to Gu Chensha. He looked at Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master and said, "Seniors, this is the time to use your strongest trump cards. Refine and divide this kid in one go. With the help of this kid's source, we might be able to reach the Sky Essence Realm." "This kid has to die!"

Suddenly, a huge light appeared behind Wan Senshi. Within this light, countless Immortals seemed to appear. It was as though he was carrying a real Immortal World on his back.

"Immortal World Source, Myriad Daos in the Heavens." Heavenly Venerate Victorious Fighter saw this and his heart trembled. This was Wan Senshi's true strength. Within that huge light, the Immortal World appeared to be the noblest purple color.

The so-called Immortal World was actually just a name. There were no real Immortals living there. Just like the Spiritual World, the Spiritual World was a huge dimension with only Spiritual Qi. It was a flat universe. It was the same for the Immortal World. It was also a huge flat universe with only Immortal Qi.

The 1st and 19th Transformation of the Dao Realm, Size Manipulation, mainly relied on the absorption of Spiritual Qi. After cultivating to the 20th Transformation of the Dao Realm, Gathering and Dispersing Impermanence, one would need to absorb higher quality Immortal Qi to obtain the power to circulate.

The Immortal World was vast and boundless. Although it couldn't compare to the Heaven Realm of the Land of Infinity, this huge world was a great existence between the Heaven Realm and the Great Thousand World.

Who would have thought that Wan Senshi would actually obtain the recognition of the Immortal World's Source. This was his true trump card. And it was precisely because of this that he called himself Wan Senshi.

His pocket dimension had not appeared all this while. Now that it had finally appeared, it was that huge Radiant World with a purple color at its core. This was the Heavens Immortal World, and it was Wan Senshi's trump card. It was also a move that he had not used all this while. This time around, he knew that if he did not use his strongest move, he might not be able to suppress Gu Chensha.

"Prehistoric Civilization!"

At this moment, a gigantic shadow appeared behind the back of the Immortal Master. This shadow seemed to be able to fight against the Heavenly Dao. She had activated her true strength as well.

"Is that so?

Seems like you guys aren't going to rest until you kill me this time around? "Gu Chensha roared out in laughter." Xing Qiongshi, are you still not going to come out? Join forces with me to deal with these three old dogs! " BOOM!

All of a sudden, a tremendous force tore through this place as a towering figure appeared, emanating an ominous aura. This was the number one ferocious being of the Ancient Divine Continent, Xing Qiongshi who tore the Emperor apart with her bare hands.