Chapter 270
===========

"The Heavenly Dao is lacking, and the common people need to make up for it …" Hearing Gu Chensha's reply, Zhuge Ya's expression became serious, "So this is what you are comprehending. The Heavenly Dao is not complete, but it still wants to advance and reach a whole new realm. As such, it created spells to help the common people cultivate and become stronger, in hopes that it can reach a complete realm." "That's right." Gu Chensha nodded.

"Thank you."

Zhuge Ya cupped his hands, "Your Highness is indeed extraordinary. Being able to comprehend it yourself has helped me resolve many of my doubts. My second question is, is the Heavenly Heart good or evil? If the Heavenly Heart is evil, then why has evil always been unable to defeat good?

Even if there are monstrous demons stirring up chaos in the world, they will be suppressed and the world will always be at peace. Otherwise, the world will already be a kingdom of demons.

However, if the Heavenly Heart is good, then the world will never be at peace and the common people will not be able to live in peace. What is the reason for this? " "The Heavenly Heart is originally without a heart."

Gu Chensha thought about it carefully before replying, "Yin and Yang circulate endlessly. Occasionally, there will be a loss of balance and it will cause a calamity. We all cultivate to establish our hearts for the Heavenly Heart.

If there is a day when the Heavenly Heart is our heart, then with a single thought, we will be able to create the universe and control all things. " "Very well."

Zhuge Ya asked again, "Since ancient times, living beings have always fought and killed each other. Is it because of survival, or is it because of one's nature?"

"It is because all living beings have the same heart. All living beings have spirituality and can cultivate. As long as they are skilled in cultivation, they can absorb spiritual energy and do not need to eat blood.

When people fight and kill each other, it is because their ideals and hearts do not match. We seek world peace, and that is to establish our hearts for the Heavenly Heart. All living beings are of one heart, and all sins will be eliminated. There will be no more disputes. "Gu Chensha had his own path, so he spoke with assurance.

"Good, Your Highness was actually able to answer all of my Three Questions of Heaven and Earth.

Zhuge Ya laughed uproariously, "Although I've been in seclusion, I know a little about the general situation of the world. Currently, the Heavenly Talisman Sovereign is in closed-door seclusion, the Wu Clan is in the imperial court, the Calming Immortal Bureau is standing on equal footing, Gu Tanjian has the support of a mysterious power behind him, stirring up a storm, the Great Might Dynasty is like a tiger eyeing its prey, and although the barbarians have retreated to the depths of the Desolate Mountains, their vitality hasn't been damaged, the Barbarian Sage is still around, and the immortal dao is stirring. All that's missing is a catalyst. "

"Mister, you're very insightful." Gu Chensha nodded. "That's why I've been searching for sages to maintain the situation. Mister, do you have the heart to save us? The determination to save the world from disaster? If there is, please lend my Calming Immortal Department a hand. "

"Your Calming Immortal Sector truly is wholeheartedly working for the people, there isn't any falsehood, this is something I can see clearly as well. Collecting taxes from the immortal dao, transferring them into the national treasury, using the national treasury to subsidize the imperial court's finances, constructing schools everywhere, this is a great plan that will last for a thousand years. Great Emperor Heavenly Talisman's policies are truly admirable. "

Zhuge Ya sighed. "However, the Calming Immortal Department's actions have offended the immortal dao. Great Emperor Heavenly Talisman is currently in seclusion, so the immortal dao won't dare to make a move. But if anything happens to him, the immortal dao will immediately strike like a bolt of lightning and exterminate the Calming Immortal Department. If the nest is overturned, how can the eggs remain intact?

If Great Emperor Heavenly Talisman is still here, then there's no need for my assistance, and the world will be at peace. But if he isn't here, then going to the Calming Immortal Department is no different from throwing an egg at a rock. Although I'm the Lord of Seven Stars, going against the entire immortal dao is like throwing an egg against a rock. I hope Your Highness can understand. " Zhuge Ya's words were filled with sincerity.

If Great Emperor Heavenly Talisman was still here, there was no need for the Calming Immortal Department, and the world would be at peace.

If Great Emperor Heavenly Talisman wasn't here, then the Calming Immortal Department would immediately be exterminated by the immortal dao. There would be no chance of survival.

From a certain point of view, Gu Chensha's decision to drag Zhuge Ya into the Calming Immortal Department was the same as sending him to his death. Gu Chensha also knew that not even a true Sage could contend against the entire immortal dao.

The immortal dao's resources were unparalleled, and that wasn't even mentioning the three legendary Celestials. Those three Celestials had once been the masters of the Son of Heaven, and not even Sages could contend against them.

"Hahahaha …" Gu Chensha began to laugh. "As long as I'm righteous, I'll die nine times without regret. If I don't fight for my righteousness, then what's the point of living a thousand years in vain?

Furthermore, the more difficult my cultivation is, the more I have to face it head-on. That's the only way to show the true colors of a man. To tell the truth, with my own cultivation, I could live a carefree and unfettered life, regardless of the world's affairs.

But my heart belongs to the world. For the sake of these beautiful mountains and rivers, what harm is there in dying? "

At this moment, Gu Chensha was thinking the same thing. Even if Zhuge Ya was the Lord of Seven Stars, if he didn't have this sort of breadth of mind, Gu Chensha would look down on him. If a person set their mind to something, there was nothing they couldn't accomplish.

As of this moment, Meng Hao was beginning to understand what Wen Hong had referred to as' Outliers'. Exactly how had those people broken through the limits of latent talent and cultivated to such a high level?

The legendary 'Outliers' didn't care about latent talent at all. They cut their way through thistles and thorns, triumphantly advancing. Even the most foolish of fools could cultivate to a level that surpassed the legion of gods.

"Your Highness, you truly have lofty ambitions. Such heroism and generosity. You're quite the character."

Zhuge Ya clapped his hands. "I've long since heard that four years ago, Your Highness, you were playing the fool in the palace. Now you're a figure whose power shakes the world. I'm very curious about your exploits, and that's why I wanted to meet you. Today, I can see that you're truly extraordinary. You actually answered my Three Questions of Heaven and Earth. The Immortal Pacification Department is dangerous, but once you join, you'll accomplish many things. If you succeed in pacifying the immortals, and have the immortal dao take responsibility for the common people, then we'll have truly stabilized the yin and yang of heaven and earth." "That's right."

When Gu Chensha heard Zhuge Ya's words, it seemed that he wanted to join the Immortal Pacification Department. He couldn't help but be overjoyed. "Mister Zhuge was an Elementary Scholar in the past, so you must know that there was a long period in history when the gentry didn't have to pay taxes to serve in the military. As a result, the annexation of land became extremely serious, and the imperial court gradually couldn't afford it. The common people had no way of making a living, and the world was thrown into chaos.

Later on, an emperor reformed the system and made the gentry pay taxes to serve in the military. As a result, the country prospered and the world was at peace.

As for the immortal dao, it's a class that's thousands of times greater than the gentry. To the heavens and earth, there's only entry and no exit, and there's no feedback. Learning magical arts will only result in fierce competition, and will not balance the yin and yang, nor will it save the common people. We have to get this done. "

"This is a challenge to cultivation, but it's also a good thing for the common people." A sharp light flashed in Zhuge Ya's eyes. "Since Your Highness says so, I'll give it a try."

"Many thanks, Mister Zhuge, for thinking so highly of our Immortal Pacification Department. From this day forward, Mister Zhuge will be our honored guest." Gu Chensha was overjoyed.

With this person's help, the Immortal Pacification Department would most likely be able to suppress Gu Tanjian and Wu Dangkong in the future.

During this half-year trip to Langzhou, they had found Zhuge Ya, the Lord of Seven Stars, without the slightest danger. Gu Chensha felt that this was a flood of good fortune. Perhaps it was because they had lost the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, which had brought them great fortune.

Zhuge Ya was the Lord of Seven Stars. If he hid himself, no one would be able to detect him. For him to take the initiative to meet with Gu Chensha, it wasn't as if he didn't have a plan.

It didn't matter if this person was sincere or not, Gu Chensha treated him with sincerity. He would rather the world betray him than betray them. He had a clear conscience.

He believed that sincerity could split metal and stone. When dealing with a person like the Lord of Seven Stars, no amount of scheming or enticement would work. In fact, it might even backfire. It was better to be honest and explain his Dao. If their Daos were different, they wouldn't plot. If their Daos were the same, they could plot. This was a righteous and upright action. No matter what, he couldn't allow this person to stand against the Immortal Pacification Department.

"Mister Zhuge, what is your cultivation base like?" asked Gu Chensha.

"I'm ashamed. Although I'm the Lord of Seven Stars, and I can comprehend celestial phenomena, calculate the universe, and divine the future, I've never had a master, nor have I received any profound cultivation techniques. During the past year, I've kept my identity and name a secret. Instead, I've studied the imperial court's Heavenly Talisman Canon, as well as the many martial arts techniques published in the National Fortune Gazette. I've benefited greatly, and I've reached the seventh Dao Realm Transformation."

"What? You can reach the seventh Dao Realm Transformation just by cultivating the Heavenly Talisman Canon and the National Fortune Gazette?"

Gu Chensha found this inconceivable. The Heavenly Talisman Canon was the foundation of the imperial court's engraving. It contained a collection of history, local customs, martial arts, astronomy, geography, mountains, and rivers.

Naturally, there were many martial arts recorded within, but most of them were incomplete. If a person wanted to cultivate according to the book, that would be impossible. The National Fortune Gazette's martial arts were used by Gu Tanjian to attract the attention of the world. Some of them were real, but they couldn't be used to cultivate to a high level. However, Zhuge Ya had managed to deduce many of the essentials of the martial arts. Practicing them on his own, he was like a hot knife through butter. He had reached the seventh Dao Realm Transformation. That was simply shocking. But then again, he was the Lord of Seven Stars. That wasn't all that surprising.

Actually, even someone born with the talent to become a saint needed a good environment to cultivate, a good master to guide them, and large amounts of resources. Otherwise, their progress would be slow. Gu Chensha was starting to understand Zhuge Ya's difficulties.

He had originally been a scholar, but now he had suddenly become the reincarnation of the Lord of Seven Stars. This was a joyous occasion, but it was also a source of calamity. If others found out, he might not even be able to protect himself. He wasn't willing to enter an Immortal Dao Sect. Who knew what would happen inside? If an ambitious old man wanted to refine him, there was nothing he could do to stop him.

During this past year, he had definitely been in hiding, secretly calculating the world's situation. He wanted to find a power he could rely on to help him grow.

Even an inborn saint like the Lord of Seven Stars could die prematurely before they reached their full potential. Now that the world had changed, even someone with great fortune might not be able to live a smooth life.

Putting himself in Zhuge Ya's shoes, he had to find a reliable power to support him and develop quickly. After thinking about it, he could only rely on the Calming Immortal Agency.

Not only did they have many resources, but they also didn't have any particularly powerful and unfathomable old men. Zhuge Ya could take control of his own fate and seek out opportunities.

Furthermore, he had observed the world's situation and analyzed it in detail. Only the Calming Immortal Agency was trustworthy. In recent years, the people and affairs of the Calming Immortal Agency had been filled with righteousness. Now that he understood Zhuge Ya's thoughts, Gu Chensha knew exactly what to do next.

His latent talent was that of a peerless genius, and his cultivation base was profound. He could guess at many things.

"These two children of mine," said Zhuge Ya, clasping his hands. "When the stars descended, they fell into my body. They were infected with my aura, and thus became geniuses. Would the Calming Immortal Agency be willing to help them?"

"I couldn't ask for more," said Gu Chensha politely. He was an open and aboveboard person, and naturally wouldn't refuse such a wonderful offer.