Chapter 78
==========

The moment he saw Lou Baiyue, her first sentence was right in his face. Gu Chensha didn't mind, "Why do you think so?"

"You don't know how complicated the situation in Baoyu Country is, especially since it involves Ocean God, Dragon God, and Jade God. Apart from that, Big Brother, Old Ten, and Old Eighteen are all connected to Baoyu Country. Big Brother's mother's family is Heng Family, Old Ten's Lei Family, and Old Eighteen's Hong Family aren't people we can offend." Lou Baiyue's words were like pearls, "Apart from that, how many nobles buy jade from Baoyu Country?

How many sects overseas have a huge demand for jade? How many hidden powers in the world want jade too? You are just asking to die. "

"If this matter was easy, the Princes would have fought for it and it wouldn't be my turn. Father is using this to test me."

Gu Chensha was really calm, "Father has already given the order, so there is no point in blaming yourself. Why don't we think about how to face it and do this well?" "You are quite optimistic."

Lou Baiyue had a weird gaze, "You lied to me that day. I thought you were stupid and accepted the Great Spirit God Technique. Actually, you had a top technique, right? You cultivated The Great Spirit God Technique just to cover it up. Now that your wings have grown, you are about to soar." "Princess Yuefu, you are exaggerating. Which person doesn't have a life-saving secret?"

Gu Chensha knew that someone would see through it sooner or later, "You have many secrets, so which Prince would be able to see through them?"

"Let it be." Lou Baiyue waved her hands, "Since I was wrong, then I have to look at you from a different perspective.

I will make it clear that you can't do it alone. Not to mention that you are only a grandmaster and haven't even stepped into Dao Realm. Even if you are stronger than Old Seven and have cultivated the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body, you won't be able to do anything. Do you think that Old Seven doesn't want Baoyu Country's jade? " "Then according to your rules?" Gu Chensha asked, "Could it be that you want to help me?"

"I took twenty Tiger Wolf Pills from you, so I have to do something for you. Otherwise, wouldn't I be taking it for nothing?"

Lou Baiyue clapped her hands, and three serving maids walked in, "You're surrounded by men now, and they're all able-bodied men. How would you know how to communicate with them? These three are my personal maids, and they've been trained since young. Their names are Mei Xiang, Xue Xiang, and Si Xiang. I'll give them to you to be your serving maids, and at the same time, you can communicate with me."

Gu Chensha casually glanced at them and realized that the three of them were young, but all of them were highly skilled in martial arts. Their eyes were like lightning, and he didn't know what kind of mystical technique they cultivated. Their body frequency was in perfect harmony with the surrounding environment, and they could step into the Dao Realm at any time. One was fine, but three at the same time. That was simply shocking.

He felt that even the Fourteenth Prince, Gu Yunsha, and the Eighteenth Prince, Gu Hongsha, were not as strong as any one of these serving maids.

"Lou Baiyue is giving me serving maids because she wants to plant people around me. She says she's helping me, but in fact, she wants to share the benefits of recruiting Baoyu Nation. If it doesn't work, I'll be punished, and she'll stay out of it. If it succeeds, she'll get the biggest share.

It's not a bad idea. These three serving maids are definitely loyal to her, and they'll know my every move. "Gu Chensha was clear." However, I'll gladly drink the poisoned wine. "

He laughed, "You're actually giving me three beautiful serving maids, then it would be impolite of me to reject them." "You're actually not rejecting them?"

Lou Baiyue squinted her eyes and calculated in her heart, but she said, "Later on, I'll send more men for you to go out to sea and interact with the elders of Baoyu Nation." "Many thanks."

Gu Chensha actually wanted to understand Lou Baiyue's background through these three serving maids. In fact, he knew that he couldn't succeed in recruiting Baoyu Nation this time. It would be best if he could pull Lou Baiyue down with him. As for whether Lou Baiyue would get a share of the benefits, he didn't care. With Lou Baiyue's help, the chances of success were higher.

"The three of you will follow Monarch Chen from now on and listen to his orders. Do you understand?" Lou Baiyue turned to Mei, Xue, and Si Sanxiang.

"Yes." San Xiang nodded and bowed. "Monarch Chen is in good health." "Princess Yuefu, is there anything else? Actually, recruiting Baoyu Nation is not in a hurry. "

Gu Chensha wasn't used to this. He had never had such beautiful serving maids before. When he was in the palace, there were a few clumsy palace maids who were sent here. Later on, they couldn't stand the poverty and found other ways to follow other eunuchs or concubines, "The most important thing now is to fight the Barbarians. Imperial Father has decreed that we can only recruit them after the war is over. What is the prince's mission in this large-scale war against the Barbarians?" "I called you here for this."

Lou Baiyue waved her hand and San Xiang retreated out of the door. She came to the large table in the room, "Look, this is the map of the war in the Wilderness. This time, we will go ten thousand miles into the Wilderness and destroy dozens of large tribes to reduce the population of the Barbarians."

Gu Chensha looked at the large map. It marked the area tens of thousands of kilometers from the Wildlands to the Great Stone Wall. The locations of water sources, settlements of tribes, wild beasts, dense forests and mountains, toxic miasma, and so on were all very detailed. It could be said to be a divine weapon for battle.

"Second Brother drew this map and handed it to the Heavenly Craftsman Institute. After verification, it was finally completed." Lou Baiyue pointed at the densely populated area of the Barbarian Tribe.

"Second Brother is back?" Gu Chensha was stunned.

Second Prince Gu Xuansha wasn't in the imperial court. Many years ago, he traveled around and drew the map of the Endless Land. He didn't have much power in the imperial court, but his cultivation couldn't be underestimated. If he didn't have skills, how could he survive in all sorts of dangerous places?

To travel the Endless Land, one had to at least have the ability to fly at the seventh transformation of the Dao Realm. Otherwise, how could one pass dangerous places?

"He hasn't returned, but he let his Golden Winged Rocs send all sorts of maps. Second Brother has 72 Golden Winged Rocs." Lou Baiyue said, "I suspect that after not seeing him for so many years, his strength isn't weaker than Seventh Brother's."

The Golden Winged Rocs were the birds that could fly the best. They were the fastest and when they grew up, they could easily fly 10,000 miles in a day.

If an expert fed them pills, gained intelligence, taught them to cultivate, and turned them into monsters, they would be really terrifying. Their flying ability would increase by 10 times. But after this bird became a monster, it might not listen to people and would often betray them. This was because this bird liked to be free and didn't like to be restricted. Unless one was strong enough for this bird to follow you willingly.

Gu Chensha had seen the Golden Winged Rocs that Chen Lingyun raised. Even a few old demons wouldn't be its match.

This kind of primordial variant could tear apart tigers and leopards from a young age. It ate pythons and flood dragons. Once it gained intelligence and learned to cultivate and absorb spiritual energy, its strength would be far above that of humans. This was how terrifying monsters were.

In some millennium-old families, the most powerful ones weren't the elders, but the divine beasts that guarded the family.

According to ancient records, the tenth prince Gu Zhensha's mother's family, the Lei family, had a thunder dragon that had been hiding for a thousand years.

After a thousand years, even a Glass Body Realm expert would die of old age. But some primordial variants were born with long lifespans and could live for thousands of years.

"We'll talk about Second Brother later."

Gu Chensha pointed at the map. "Outside the Great Wall, the barbarian tribes are very far away and the environment is dangerous. The imperial court doesn't have the ability to mass produce the Horned Dragon Armor. I'm afraid that half of the troops will die before they even get close to the barbarians." "That's why we let the princes scout ahead."

Lou Baiyue said, "This is His Majesty's foresight. The Horned Dragon Armor is not to be underestimated. It's a national weapon. If it's used by the soldiers first, it might spread to the pugilistic world and cause instability. But it's better for the princes to control it than the officials, marshals, and generals.

This is the first reason. When the second princes lead the troops, it can test their abilities and temper their will. There's nothing better than life and death battles.

Thirdly, the matriarchs behind the princes would definitely contribute, and the major forces would seek refuge with the princes, so that the princes would have more control over their forces.

I reckon that after this battle, there will be a few more princes who can advance to the Dao Realm. "

"Emperor Father is trying to force out the potential of the princes and their mother's clans. At the same time, he wants to ride on this wave to see how many hidden powers would surface." Gu Chensha stood in the perspective of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. There were benefits to being high and mighty.

"That's right. The Heavenly Talisman Dynasty has been peaceful for ten years. It's like a huge pond. As time passes, who knows what kind of monster will appear? We just need to stir the water once in a while and the monster in the pond won't be able to hide anymore."

Lou Baiyue's finger moved inch by inch on the map. "This is the Emperor's train of thought. As officials, we can only follow his train of thought. The plan for the march this time is very simple. All the princes will lead their troops into the Barbarian World and destroy the barbarian tribes. After that, they will station themselves there. However much territory they can occupy will be the princes' fief." "So that's the case."

Upon hearing this, Gu Chensha was overjoyed. "This time, Imperial Father is serious. As long as the land conquered outside the pass is occupied, it will be the Imperial Prince's fiefdom. Even I am tempted. My many brothers will definitely do their utmost to conquer tribes, build cities, and establish their own country outside of civilization. At that time, outside of the Great Stone Wall, there will be our Great Yong Dynasty's stronghold."

"Of course, this is for the princes to eat the meat first. Once their foundations are stable, the nobles and generals will also be able to occupy the land as their private property. At the end, the nobles and generals will also be able to occupy the land as their private property. With the will of the commoners, the barbarian tribes will be wiped out and the wilderness will be leveled."

Lou Baiyue described the grand plan. "Of course, the princes will have to open the path first. The commoners cannot be allowed to enter. If not, the commoners will all die and become sacrifices to the Evil God."

"Throughout the dynasties, the barbarian invasions have caused so much blood and tears. The commoners were eaten, killed, and used as sacrifices." Gu Chensha was very familiar with the history books. Since ancient times, the barbarian invasions were filled with blood and tears.

Every time the barbarian army attacked, hundreds of thousands of commoners would be captured, and millions would be killed. Everywhere they went, bones would be piled up, and not a single chicken would cry. "I hope that this time, we can completely eliminate the hidden dangers."

"What a joke. Even now, there are some scholars in the court who say that the barbarian tribe is also human. It's fine to keep them out, but not to kill them." Lou Baiyue laughed coldly.