Chapter 1049
============

Chapter 1045: Who Is the Prey

"Mister Neverless and the others won't be able to detect my concealment."

Gu Chensha laughed coldly to himself. His realm was higher than Mister Neverless and the others. Even if that terrifying thing completely appeared, his realm would still be lower than Gu Chensha's, and he would never be able to comprehend the tenth level of Immortality. However, they were quite annoying and tried to stop Gu Chensha from comprehending, but Gu Chensha had to be careful not to destroy everything in the world in order to kill them. As such, Gu Chensha could only set up a net.

Mister Neverless and the others had already entered the net, but what Gu Chensha needed to do was very simple: strengthen the net so that both sides wouldn't die.

"Arcane Technique, Lightning Explosion!"

At this moment, Gu Chensha cooperated with Luo Lan and cast an Arcane Technique that was over Level 100, Lightning Explosion.

With a slight movement, large amounts of ball-shaped lightning flew out, and wherever it passed, the demons there would explode.

"Arcane Technique, Soul Devour!"

At this moment, Luo Lan activated another Arcana Technique. This time, it was a necromancy Arcana Technique. As soon as it was activated, a giant skull appeared in the sky. The skull opened its mouth and spat out a green, phosphorescent fire. Wherever it touched, the fiends were turned into phosphorescent fire, then exploded and were absorbed by the skull.

Gradually, the skull continuously absorbed the phosphorescence of the demons and turned green before finally turning into a magic staff.

This was the power of the Arcane Technique, Soul Devour. It could absorb the souls of demons and turn them into a magic staff, increasing the power of necromancy Arcane Techniques. Luo Lan hadn't been an Arcana Master for long, so she didn't have much equipment.

Arcana Masters needed many pieces of equipment to increase their power, and the most important was a magic staff. An Arcana Master's magic staff was even more important than a person's arm. Luo Lan happened to be using the Arcane Technique Soul Devour to condense her own magic staff.

"Arcane Technique, Shape! Arcane Technique, Change! Arcane Technique! Ethereal Technique! Arcane Technique, Spirit Gathering! Arcane Technique!

Sturdy … "Luo Lan's actual level was in the thousands, but she was still in disguise. However, she had cast hundreds of Arcane Spells in a row, all of which were Alchemy Spells.

As soon as this Arcana Skill was cast, the magic staff became even more ferocious. It turned into a ray of light that flashed hundreds of thousands of times in a second, piercing through countless demons. Every time it absorbed a demon, the magic staff's power would increase.

"Arcana, digestion. Arcana Technique, evolve! Arcana Technique, inscribe! Arcana Technique, store. Arcana Techniques. Spatial. Arcane Technique, Destruction … "

Another few hundred Arcana Spells were cast. These Arcana Spells were all alchemy Arcana Spells, and they were all used to condense the staff.

After an entire day and night, all the demons here were eliminated and absorbed by the staff. The staff fell into Roland's hand and turned into a crystal-clear treasure that was as thick as a thumb. It seemed to be made of jade, but there were layers of mist, light, and countless runes flowing on it.

The staff was only half a foot long, and it was extremely delicate in his hand. However, it could store many Arcana Skills.

"I've killed all the demons here. What do we do now?" Roland asked Gu Chensha.

"Go back and rest, then fight outside."

Gu Chensha said, "I'll support you. I'll let you make great contributions to the Arcane Kingdom in a short period of time, and then gradually become the Supreme Councilor. I'll train a lot of people like you to improve the overall strength of the Arcane Kingdom." "Great existence, whatever you say," Luo Lan quickly replied.

"Go back." Gu Chensha waved his hand and suddenly turned into a rainbow and left.

He and Roland were separated. Next, Roland was going to fight outside, increase her status, rise quickly, and cooperate with his plan. And Gu Chensha was going to choose another person.

He wanted to select thousands of people like Roland in the Arcane Kingdom, then start to make arrangements at the top, and finally suppress Mr. Wu Wu and Fa Wuxian's gourds.

"Fate!"

Back in the capital of the Arcane Kingdom, Gu Chensha wore an arcane robe with more than 100 stars and walked on the streets of the Arcane Kingdom. He attracted a lot of people's attention. There were nobles and civilians who saluted him.

The status of the arcanists was extremely high. Even if the nobles met the arcanists, they had to salute. The nobles just bowed, the civilians had to squat, and the slaves had to kneel.

Some knights galloped on the streets on horses, but when they saw Gu Chensha, they immediately dismounted, bowed and respectfully let him go first.

There were quite a few Arcana Masters walking on the streets. Of course, there were even more Arcana Masters flying in the sky. Some of them rode large birds, while others transformed into black smoke. Some flew in stealth mode, while others transformed into bolts of lightning and disappeared in the blink of an eye. The arcanists walking on the streets of the capital were of relatively low levels.

Arcanists like Gu Chensha were now more than level 100, and there were very few of them walking on the streets.

Gu Chensha mainly wanted to take a good look at the customs of the entire capital of the Arcane Kingdom. While he was appreciating the customs, he could calculate the fate of the billions of people of the Arcane Kingdom and choose his own chess pieces from them.

In his observation, the Arcane Land shrank violently, all the creatures appeared in his eyes, the fate of countless people, the future, and the destiny were all under his control. Suddenly, in his deduction, there were a lot of fate rising into the sky in the future.

"Not bad, not bad, with the development of time, these people will stand out in the future and become the big figures of the Arcane Kingdom. But, Mr. Wu Wu seems to be creating some characters, and he has the same idea as me."

During the deduction, Gu Chensha saw a lot of people with extremely strong fate, and they had a lot to do with Mr. Wu Wu.

It seemed that Mr. Wu Wu and the others also knew that the fate of the Arcane Kingdom would be very strong in the future, and it was likely to become a giant dominator.

Perhaps, he wanted to set up a trap to kill and seal Mr. Wu Wu, and Mr. Wu Wu also wanted to use the Arcane Kingdom to kill him. Both sides were laying out a big net. Mr. Wu Wu wasn't stupid. Gu Chensha wasn't stupid either. They were all powerhouses of the Supreme Immortal Level, and they could calculate everything. Gu Chensha could discover the value of the Arcane Kingdom, and so could Mr. Wu Wu.

The most valuable thing about the Arcane Kingdom was that all the arcanists were people who had awakened their souls, but the Arcane Kingdom had the characteristics of the old world, and its essence was the new world.

That was the combination of the old world and the new world, it could be tolerated by the old world, and it could also be accepted by the new world.

Such a combination had a great future, especially in the impact of the old and the new, it could stand at the head of the tide and not fall, and it could be the tide of the times.

"There's another good young man." Gu Chensha moved his body and chose a person. This person was also a student of the Arcane Academy, but he was a commoner.

The tuition fee of the Arcane Academy was very expensive, not to mention ordinary commoners, even the nobles couldn't afford it. But this commoner student was very resourceful, he could actually make money to pay for the high tuition fee.

The way he made money was by writing novels. In his novels, there were countless commoners who had adventures, became powerful arcanists, fought against the outside world, and finally became the Supreme Master.

The plot of the novel was bizarre and fascinating. After it was published, it caused countless responses. All the commoners and nobles kept buying it. In the end, it made the young man rich enough to be qualified to study in the Arcane Academy.

However, the young man was also very unlucky, he spent a lot of money, but he still couldn't awaken the power of the arcane and become an arcanist, which made him very distressed.

"Not bad, not bad, if this young man is trained well, he can set off a storm in the arcane world." While talking, Gu Chensha had come to a large room.

This room was more than a thousand square meters, and it was decorated magnificently. Some parts were even covered in gold, but there were books everywhere, and the floor was covered in expensive carpets.

A man was writing furiously in front of a huge sandalwood table. "It's a pity. If only I knew arcana spells. If I knew arcana spells, I would be able to write a novel in a few breaths, based on the ideas in my head. I wouldn't have to work so hard to write it by hand here. " "Really?" Gu Chensha appeared in front of the young man.

"Who are you?"

The young man stood up abruptly, then saw the arcane robe that Gu Chensha was wearing, and hurriedly lowered his head respectfully. "So it's an arcanist. What can I do for you?" "Do you want to awaken the power of the arcane?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Of course, I want to, even in my dreams."

The young man was overjoyed at first, but then became gloomy. He knew that even the most profound of mysteries, the essence of the arcane network, couldn't turn a person into an arcanist. In order to awaken the power of the arcane, one had to rely on oneself.

"Respected arcanist, I know the common sense of the arcane," the young man said. "Please don't lie to me. I, Wang Ji, am willing to worship an arcanist. Sir. " "You think I'm here to lie to you and extort money from you?"

Gu Chensha laughed. "But it's understandable that you think that way. After all, no one can help someone awaken the power of the arcane, but I can."

As he spoke, Gu Chensha's figure moved slightly, and a profound stream of will entered Wang Ji's mind. Crack! Wang Ji felt as if the door to his heart had opened, and a large amount of energy surged out.

"So, I've awakened the power of the arcane. Who are you? You're not an arcanist. You're a mighty existence. "Wang Ji was so shocked that he couldn't speak.