Chapter 45
==========

"This sword technique is called the Five Seasons Swordsmanship. There are five of us, and each of us has cultivated one season. It's just right."

The mayor's son was called Liu Yu. The sword technique he cultivated was Blazing Sun. When it was activated, there was a dry smell.

"Five Seasons Swordsmanship! This is a real ancient sword technique! "Gu Chensha was slightly stunned. Originally, there were only four seasons in the world.

However, in the ancient times, there were five seasons, because in the fifth season, ten suns would appear in the sky, scorching the mountains and rivers of the great earth, and all living things would be tormented in an oven. Later on, an unrivaled hero appeared, shooting down nine suns, and so there were only four seasons left: spring, summer, autumn, and winter.

"You guys are considered unusual for cultivating swordsmanship. This is a fortuitous encounter. It will definitely be useful in the future."

Gu Chensha was amazed by the ingenuity of the Five Seasons Swordsmanship. He took out a gourd and poured five drops of Heavenly Dew into a bowl. "This is a spiritual medicine. Each of you take one drop. It can cleanse your body and force out the impurities. You might have a chance to become a master in the near future."

"This is …" The five young men smelled the fragrance and felt refreshed. Liu Yu had a strange look in his eyes. He said fiercely, "This is the legendary Heavenly Dew?" "Oh?

You know about the Heavenly Dew? "Gu Chensha did not expect a young man from a remote town to know about such an item.

"We read in the book in the cave that if we can consume the Heavenly Dew, a few key acupoints in our swordsmanship can be unblocked and improved. Now that I smell the fragrance, a few of my key acupoints are stirring. I'm guessing that it might be a rare item even in ancient times."

Liu Yu knelt down. "Your Highness, I can't believe you gave me such a precious item. We swear to serve you with our lives." "No, I'm not giving it to you. I'm giving it to the people of the town."

Gu Chensha's expression was solemn. "The evil cult will come back at any time. The five of you are the strongest, so you must protect the town. Promise me that you will protect them even if you die. " "Yes!" Hearing Gu Chensha's words, the five of them felt a sense of holiness.

"Pick up your swords and protect the people you want to protect. As long as the swords are there, there is hope."

Gu Chensha patted their shoulders one by one. "Get up. I hope that one day, we will meet again in the capital, drinking and chatting happily."

With that, he leaped up and sprinted away from the town, heading for the cult's true lair, Peach County.

"The sword is still here, so hope is still here …" Liu Yu muttered to himself. His blood was boiling. "His Highness is really a dragon among men. He is worthy of us pledging our lives to follow him. He charged into the evil cult's lair alone. This is great courage. He gave us the Heavenly Dew for the sake of our town's people. This is a righteous act.

Come, let's drink this heavenly dew together and practice our swordsmanship to our heart's content. Let's kill our enemies with vigor! "

The morning mist had dispersed and the sun was high in the sky. The weather was still chilly and spring was not yet over. Gu Chensha was walking on a small path in the mountain forest. It was a deserted place and he did not encounter any cult masters. Gradually, he advanced another few hundred miles and approached Tao County Town.

He found a high vantage point on a hill outside of the town and looked into the distance. He could see the whole town in front of him.

The town had completely fallen. Many cultists were moving wood and stones. They seemed to be building temples and altars in the center of the town.

On the roads that extended in all directions, many cultists were rushing over from all directions. They were chasing and escorting the people away.

The cultists used this as a base and sent out teams to plunder the villages and towns, taking the people as sacrifices.

As expected, many of the people were being supervised by the cultists and groups of barbarian soldiers. Those who resisted the most would be dragged to the giant altar and their heads would be chopped off to be sacrificed to the evil gods.

The altar in the center of the town was at least a few thousand acres wide. It was stained with blood and bones. It was unknown how many people had been killed over the past few days.

At the center of the altar, as there were too many people killed, there was a faint pillar of black gas. It was as if some kind of door had been opened. Inside, there was a chilly wind blowing and ghosts crying. There were demonic shadows moving, trying to break through the space and descend into the real world.

Many barbarian generals were kneeling under the altar and praying. They would occasionally capture a few people and behead them. Instantly, black gas would rush into their bodies and increase their strength. This kind of training and killing made their cultivation speed extremely fast.

"Damn it, they are all beasts."

Gu Chensha was filled with hatred but he didn't do anything. He knew that there were definitely experts in Peach County. There were many barbarian race and evil sects, so he couldn't act rashly.

"I will sacrifice the other Blood Melting Blade first." His body disappeared, and he sacrificed the other Blood Melting Blade in the Heaven Worship Altar.

The Blood Melting Blade instantly collapsed and turned into the prototype of the Demon Subduing Blade. Then, the two Demon Subduing Blades attracted each other and fused together, turning into one again.

Gu Chensha held the new Demon Subduing Blade and realized that it was heavier, but the lines were more perfect and the blade was sharper.

At the same time, he sacrificed the two evil sect leaders and obtained a total of five drops of Heaven Dew. It was the same amount as the five drops he had given out. One couldn't help but sigh at the cycle of the heavens. There really were coincidences.

"This blade's power has increased and I can use it more easily. I wonder if it can break the defense of a Dao Realm Transformation Three expert?" Gu Chensha took out a set of evil sect clothes and changed into them.

He was prepared for this. These cult followers were all dressed in black robes, and even their faces were covered. It was impossible to see their true faces, so it was not difficult for him to blend in with them.

Plus, the evil sects had just been established and their systems weren't perfect. They didn't even know their own people, which was a great advantage for Gu Chensha.

After he changed his clothes, he quickly jumped and followed behind the evil cult team returning to the city. Surprisingly, no one noticed him.

These evil sect members walked in silence. Their intelligence seemed to have been corroded by evil energy. Although their strength had increased, they had lost some of their intelligence and humanity.

Such people were easy to control and didn't fear death in battle. However, they had lost their creativity and wouldn't last long.

"All of you, take a rest and eat something. Be on standby for further orders," the evil cult leader instructed as they entered the county. These evil sect members walked in silently and sat down in the newly built temple.

At this moment, other sect members brought them water and food. After eating, they laid down and rested. They didn't talk to each other and were like walking corpses. They didn't have their own houses, so they all rested in the temple and slept on the floor. Gu Chensha pretended to pee and walk around casually. However, no one cared about him.

His body flashed and he was extremely fast. He avoided everyone's eyes and ears and sneaked into the depths of the temple.

The entire Tao County City was being modified by the evil sect members. Many temples surrounded the altar in the center.

The outermost temple was occupied by normal sect members. They all slept on the floor in the main hall. There were hundreds of people sleeping in one hall. Further in, there were individual small rooms. These were the residences of high-level evil sect leaders.

Gu Chensha went deeper and realized that those with individual small rooms were martial artist level evil sect leaders. Further in, there were individual rooms for martial artists with servants. However, these weren't worth assassinating.

Gu Chensha didn't even want to assassinate Martial Masters now. He wanted to assassinate Dao realm evil demons or barbarian marshals.

Even if his Dao Realm had changed, his status in the barbarian world would still be that of a marshal leading a mighty army, or an extremely noble emissary of a divine temple.

If he could assassinate a few of these key marshals, he would definitely be able to alleviate the crisis.

"I'll go deeper!"

His body flickered. Sometimes he was like a gecko, sometimes he was like a leopard, sometimes he was like a snake hiding in its lair. He used the Sun and Moon Transformation Technique to the extreme. Even if he encountered an expert, it would be difficult to detect his presence.

The Sun and Moon Transformation Technique was good at changing. His aura could be majestic or obscure.

He stood behind the pillar and could completely blend in with the surroundings. His heartbeat and breathing were in sync with the rhythm of the hall. Even those who had cultivated their spirit to a mysterious level wouldn't be able to detect his presence.

The deeper he went into the temple, the more extravagant the decorations became. There were even gold leaf, jade, and pearls on the walls. The evil sect members walking here were also full of spirit. They weren't walking corpses.

"The defense isn't very tight."

Gu Chensha hid in a corner. Whenever someone passed by, he would enter the sacrificial altar space. After the person left, he would appear again. Just like that, he quickly approached the core of the godly temple. "If this goes on, I can become a godly thief. It's a pity that when I hide in the sacrificial altar space, I can't sense what's going on outside. I can only come out after the person has left, which is very inconvenient.

This isn't the weakness of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. It's just that I haven't activated its true power. "

The ancient history books recorded that the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman was almost omnipotent. Apart from communicating with the heavens, it was also a treasure that suppressed many worlds. It could be said that it was the only key to open the Heaven Dao Treasury or the core fragment of the Heaven Dao.

But this was just the tip of the iceberg. It required more Emperor's Energy to activate. Many ancient emperors weren't able to accumulate enough Emperor's Energy to fully use this treasure.

The true usage of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman in ancient times was when the emperor built a giant altar and placed the edict on it. At a certain time, the officials would worship it together. This way, they would be able to inject all the Emperor's Energy into it and dethrone the gods. Haiya! Haiya!

At this moment, a voice came from the path of the temple. A group of cultists were carrying boxes to be stored in the storeroom.

"Be careful, these are all treasures. Lift them gently and don't shake them."

The leader of the cultists shouted. The people carrying the boxes were all warriors, and there were more than ten of them. Even lifting one box seemed to be strenuous. It was obvious that the items in the box weighed at least a few thousand pounds.

Gu Chensha followed behind and saw the group of people bypass the main hall and enter the side hall. They used a key to open the heavy door. Whoosh! Gu Chensha entered as fast as he could.

"Hmm? Why did I feel like there was a shadow just now? "

The cultists looked at each other and hurriedly entered the storeroom to check every corner. But they didn't find anyone. "Could it be that our eyes are playing tricks on us?" After confirming that there was no one here, they closed the door and left.

After a long time, a person suddenly appeared in the storeroom. It was Gu Chensha. He had taken the risk to rush into the storeroom and then entered the space of the sacrificial altar. He waited for a long time and only came out when he felt that the people who were checking had left.