Chapter 956
===========

Chaos Heaven List Chapter 953: Chaos Heaven List

The Dharma Saint had become one of the heavyweights of the Heavenly Court in a single leap, the "Heavenly King of Reform." This made many people jealous and envious, but it also made them feel at ease.

Originally, there were many rumors in the Heavenly Court that after the Celestial Thearch stabilized, he would get rid of the uncertainties, which made people panic. But now that the Celestial Thearch had made it clear that he was also going to "reform", many of the uncertainties no longer had any different thoughts and worked for the Celestial Thearch wholeheartedly.

In the future, the Heavenly Court had very strict control over experts above the Celestial Master level. They wouldn't even allow them to appear.

Celestial Masters were great existences that were beyond the Three Realms and not within the Five Elements. Any Celestial Master was a threat to the Heavenly Court. Not to mention those in the Celestial Longevity Realm.

But now, there were more and more Celestial Primes. This was because the world had changed. The Emperor Of Heaven knew that it was impossible to cleanse and restore the original state. Even the Emperor Of Heaven himself had changed. And so the Emperor Of Heaven initiated the reform.

At the Heavenly Court meeting, the moment the reform was announced, the entire Heavenly Court seemed to expand. Everyone felt that the Emperor Of Heaven's aura was becoming more and more terrifying. Because of the word "reform," the Emperor Of Heaven received a huge amount of fate energy.

"Punisher Heavenly King, you said it well. It is true that Gu Daoxian is lurking in the human world and causing trouble. You can't subdue him, but I don't need to do anything. Instead, the Empress will do it. The merit of subduing Gu Daoxian will be done by the Empress. Because of this, the Empress is the Empress."

As he spoke, the Celestial Thearch looked at Wu Dangkong. "Concubine Ming, if you can capture and kill Gu Daoxian, the position of Empress of Heaven will also be yours. The system established by the Heavenly Court is fair and impartial. Every merit is recorded on the Heavenly Court's Primordial Chaos Heavenly Pillar's Primordial Chaos Heavenly List.

The Heavenly Pillar of Chaos of the Heavenly Court had already fallen into the hands of the Demonic Ape of Chaos.

The Chaotic Demonic Ape God had completely surrendered to Gu Chensha and started to practice the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method.

The Demonic Ape of Chaos could no longer be counted on, but the Emperor Of Heaven's means were extremely tyrannical. He had actually created the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos and the Demon Realm, and had even created the most powerful Demonic Ape of Chaos, Hua Yao Sha.

The Primordius Heavenly Pillar was not only the pillar of the Heavenly Court, but it was also an existence that hung on the Primordius Heavenly Decree.

The Primordial Chaos Heaven Ranking was a ranking that recorded one's contributions. At all times, it displayed the merits and virtues of the many ministers of the Heavenly Court. According to the future pattern, the Primordial Chaos Heaven Ranking would be updated once every three hundred and nine hundred and sixty years. The lowest ranked ministers would be banished to the mortal world, losing the chance to become immortal. As for the top ranked ministers, they would be spared from many tribulations and would even receive many rewards and promotions.

"Your Majesty, you must remember what you've said now."

Wu Dangkong had no scruples in front of the Emperor Of Heaven. The other ministers were all trembling in front of the Emperor Of Heaven, but Wu Dangkong was different.

"My words are the will of heaven."

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "Ministers, now that the Heavenly Court has just been established, there are many things waiting to be done. It is also a great opportunity to make contributions. There are some traitors in the Heavenly Court, such as the Demonic Ape of Chaos, Wen Hong, Zhuge Ya, and the others. If anyone can capture or kill them, then the merit will be truly great."

"Your subordinates will definitely help Your Majesty to pacify the Myriad Worlds and kill the traitors." All the ministers said.

"Good. In that case, you all take your positions, Zhang Ziran." The Emperor Of Heaven said.

"Your subject is here." Zhang Ziran stepped forward to receive the order.

"The Mortal World is the foundation of the Myriad Worlds. In this world, there can be no Immortal World, God World, Demon World, Demon World, but there can never be no Mortal World. The Dao of the Mortal World is concerned with the mortal world, which is resources, and also the foundation of immortality. That Gu Chensha doesn't understand this, and came up with the Dragonless Heart Sutra to make people have no desires, no feelings, no anything. What difference is there from destruction?

Only when people rely on each other, compete with each other, and envy each other, will there be lust. "

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "You have control over the Mortal World, and I have no worries. Now, I will give you the task of unifying the Mortal World as soon as possible. Make all living beings in the Mortal World worship the Heavenly Court, and at the same time, sweep away all kinds of hidden tumors in the Mortal World, and establish true order."

"Your subject will definitely obey the Emperor's will." Zhang Ziran also knew the importance of the Mortal World.

"All of you who have made contributions will be rewarded one by one in today's meeting."

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "I have bestowed the title of Dharma Saint. You have all seen it for yourself. As long as you have made contributions, no matter what your birth, you will obtain immortality." As he spoke, the Emperor Of Heaven stretched out his palm.

Immediately, the Primordial Chaos Heaven List that hung above the giant Primordial Chaos Sky Pillar appeared, and the names of the Heavenly Court's members appeared. Among these names, the ones at the top of the list suddenly received a burst of golden light.

This golden light wrapped around the heads of the people at the top of the list, and layers upon layers of light actually appeared.

"This is the Karmic Heavenly Light. After obtaining it, one will not be demonic, will not be tainted by the mortal world, and will not enter the cycle of reincarnation. One can obtain immortality. "

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "Each ring of Karmic Heavenly Light is equivalent to a yuan1 of magic power. If you obtain more merit, you can directly exchange it for Karmic Heavenly Light on the Primordial Chaos Heaven List. This is also a reform. " "A ring of Karmic Heavenly Light is equivalent to a yuan1 of magic power?"

Many officials began discussing. They felt this was simply inconceivable. It had to be known that a yuan1 of magic power was equivalent to a boundless universe. Even experts who had just stepped into the Heavenly Primordial realm only had a yuan1 of magic power. In other words, as long as they made contributions, they could exchange it for Karmic Heavenly Light on the Primordial Chaos Heaven List. Wasn't this the same as directly increasing one's magic power by a yuan1 of magic power?

"In addition, on the Primordial Chaos Heaven List, you can also exchange it for the position of a True Divinity and all sorts of magic treasures. As long as you have enough merit, the Primordial Chaos Heaven List can create any existence you want." The Emperor Of Heaven said, "This is a reform." "Your Majesty is wise."

All the officials knelt down. Some were secretly startled, because they discovered that the Emperor Of Heaven was growing stronger and stronger.

The Emperor Of Heaven becoming stronger was a good thing for many people, but it was a bad thing for even more people.

This was because many of the officials of the Heavenly Court were currently plotting for their own interests, and some were even secretly establishing sacrificial rites. This was especially true for The Great Spirit God. Therefore, this time, the Great Spirit God did not receive the blessing of the Karmic Heavenly Light. On the Primordial Chaos Heaven List, his name was ranked last. This was seen by everyone, and everyone in the Heavenly Court also knew that the lord of the Divine Realm, The Great Spirit God, was not loyal to the Heavenly Court.

This way, the Heavenly Court had almost directly ranked the loyalty of the many officials, making it clear at a glance. On the Primordial Chaos Heaven List, it was constantly updated. Any loyal or treacherous officials could be seen at a glance.

Just like that, the first grand meeting of the Heavenly Court ended. The Emperor Of Heaven's authority deepened, and some experts could see the Heavenly Court's destiny growing, like the sun at high noon. After the court was dismissed, the Great Spirit God's expression was extremely ugly. At this time, the Dharma Saint walked up.

"Lord Dharma Saint has received all the favor today, becoming one of the Ten Heavenly Kings, the Heavenly King of Reform, and occupying destiny."

The Great Spirit God said, "However, I've observed the history of the Divine Central Continent in the past dynasties. All those who presided over the reform had strong destiny at the beginning, boiling like a raging fire, adding oil to the fire, but in the end, they were still pulled from the bottom of the cauldron. They all ended up in a miserable state. Lord Dharma Saint, you must be careful. "

"The Great Spirit God, what you said is true. Those who presided over the reform of the past dynasties would definitely meet with misfortune, because they offended too many people, and the backlash would be too great. But now, it's different. The Heavenly Dao is also undergoing a reform, and the reform is the mandate of heaven. Those who obey will prosper, and those who don't will die. Therefore, change is the way of the king, and there is no such thing as a cycle in the world."

The Dharma Saint said, "The Great Spirit God, you've actually brought this upon yourself. Since ancient times, you've always been two-faced, never trusting anyone, and you've schemed against anyone. But now, you have to change, or your position as the master of the Divine Realm will not be stable. You were able to survive from the chaotic Primordial Era until now because you were destined to be the master of the Divine Realm, but if you continue to be two-faced, the Emperor Of Heaven will definitely not tolerate you. And you should know that the Emperor Of Heaven has already chosen a replacement for you." "What?"

The Great Spirit God was shocked, and suddenly bowed deeply to the Dharma Saint. "Lord Dharma Saint, save me! What should I do now?" "You're too smart, and there are many things that you can't see clearly."

The Dharma Saint said, "The Great Spirit God, if you cooperate with me this time, you'll still have a good chance to deal with those people. If you continue to be two-faced, even I won't be able to save you." "I'll definitely cooperate, definitely cooperate." The Great Spirit God quickly nodded and bowed. Seeing that the Great Spirit God had left, another person appeared beside the Dharma Saint. It was the Sun-Moon Master, Hua Mingsha.

Hua Mingsha looked at the departing figure of the Great Spirit God: "Lord Dharma Saint, The Great Spirit God can't be trusted. I think it's better to take him down as soon as possible, and then let someone else replace him as the Lord of the Divine Realm.

The Divine Realm is no small matter, it assists the Heavenly Court in managing the mountains, rivers, temples, and even the doors, windows, and toilets of every household will have a God. The doors have a God, the windows have a God, and the toilets have a God. They're indispensable. "

"The Great Spirit God must be beaten into the cycle of reincarnation, never to reincarnate again. But he still has some fate, so we can't touch him for now."

The Dharma Saint said, "Recently, I've been studying the Heaven's Will, and discovered that because he killed the woman of Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor Gu Taxian, Gu Chensha's mother, he'll obtain a fortuitous encounter in the future. Once he obtains that fortuitous encounter, it'll be time for him to die."

"It seems that Lord Dharma Saint's cultivation has reached an unimaginable level, so high that even I can't catch up to you." Hua Mingsha said.

"Lord Sun-Moon Master, you're too serious. I've only been nurtured by the Emperor Of Heaven, who bestowed me with the title of Heavenly Dao of Reform. That's how I obtained the true essence of the word 'Change', and somehow grasped it." The Dharma Saint frowned.