Chapter 266
===========

Peng!

After the Green Dragon God Wood exploded, it turned into a green energy current. It actually turned into many small green dragons that drilled into the depths of the Dragon Gate.

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue used their essence qi, using the power of the Dragon Gate and Green Dragon God Wood to train their bodies. After the Dragon Gate absorbed the Green Dragon God Wood, it moved even faster.

The moment the Heaven Mending Divine General was covered by the Azure Dragon Divine Wood, the meridians in his body immediately expanded. Not only did the speed at which he circulated and stored Stellar Energy became faster, the strength of the Heaven Mending Divine General increased by several times.

"Great!" Gu Chensha was delighted.

He knew that if he released each of his Heaven Repairing God Generals, they would be able to fight on the same level as those Dao Realm Nine Transformation geniuses.

After all, puppets were puppets and under normal circumstances, they wouldn't be able to defeat humans of the same realm.

But Gu Chensha's Heaven Repairing God Generals were nourished by the Green Dragon God Wood Energy and their bodies greatly increased. This had already broken through normal logic. Honglong!

Gu Chensha's meridians expanded, and his sea of energy expanded. As he breathed in and out, his pores became like enormous vortexes.

Lou Baiyue benefited even more. Her body expanded and actually started to shrink. She was only a foot tall. She then swelled up to the height of three people and turned into a true giant. Although this wasn't Size Manipulation, it still represented the limit of the body's elasticity.

At the same time, when she used the Great Massacre God Technique, her soul appeared above her head. It gave off a feeling of being one with heaven and earth and then it showed signs of splitting into three.

Gu Chensha knew that this aura and charm meant that after Lou Baiyue reached the 16th Dao Realm Transformation, she had also touched upon the 17th Dao Realm Splitting Soul Division.

Not long ago, Lou Baiyue had gone into seclusion with him to comprehend and refine the Saintly Dragon Celestial Soldier into a Heaven Mending Divine General. That was how he had cultivated the Sixteen Transformations "Reincarnation in a Corpse". Originally, he needed a long time to consolidate his cultivation and accumulate strength.

However, under the nourishment of the Azure Dragon Divine Wood's energy, Lou Baiyue could save at least a few years of bitter cultivation.

In the end, all of the Azure Dragon Divine Wood's spiritual energy flowed into the depths of the Dragon Gate.

The Dragon Gate became even more unfathomable. There seemed to be an ancient Azure Dragon lurking in the depths, and a Black Tortoise lurking even deeper.

The aura was complex, distant and profound. This dragon gate gave people the feeling that it could devour all living things, turn them into primal chaos, and then break down the primal chaos into all living things.

Gu Chensha's eyes were really sharp and he knew that his strength had increased by a lot. During this period of time, he had been cultivating hard. Although he was still at Dao Realm Transformation 11, the increase in his combat strength allowed him to kill people at Dao Realm Transformation 19.

For example, if Que Ying 'er were to appear again, there would be no need for Lou Baiyue, as Gu Chensha would be able to kill her on his own.

"Baiyue, I'm afraid your cultivation level will soon reach the Golden Core of the Eighteen Transformations. At that time, we can work together to open the Book of Heavenly Demons again." Gu Chensha knew very well that the situation was urgent. He had to do everything possible to increase his strength.

This time, when he captured Jing Fanxing, the sword formed the sky, and the clouds were endless. This was the same as slapping the faces of the three sects in the Celestial Path. The three sects definitely wouldn't let this matter rest.

From the Green Dragon God Wood, there was actually the will of the Sect Leader's soul. This meant that the Black Heaven Earth Sect wanted to kill Si Jingxian. Although they failed this time, it wasn't much of a loss to the Black Heaven Earth Sect.

The good thing was that the sacrifice in the Sun Moon Altar cut off all connections with the outside world. The Black Heaven Earth Sect Leader only knew that he had lost his soul and that the mission had failed. He didn't know what had happened, which made the Black Heaven Earth Sect feel that Si Jingxian was really mysterious.

"Let's find a chance to work together with the Fourth and Black Tortoise to enter the Book of Heavenly Demons once more."

Lou Baiyue was really confident. "We will devour more monster souls to replenish our soul. Apart from that, I can use the monster souls in the Book of Heavenly Demons to refine Endless Officials." The Book of Heavenly Demons was in the hands of Lou Baiyue, and she was studying it constantly.

"If there's time, give some pointers to the green and white snakes. The Book of Heavenly Demons is their fate," Gu Chensha said.

"Of course. The Book of Heavenly Demons is just a temporary vessel for us. After we use it, we can abandon it. I have already appointed the green and white snakes to important positions in the Si Jingxian. They are in charge of the treasury and I often give them pointers. After I cultivate the Golden Core of the Great Dao, I will use the Endless Realm to cleanse them and help them be reborn."

Lou Baiyue said, "By the way, we have refined the Green Dragon God Wood and benefited a lot. We have also gained a lot from comprehending the Myriad Stars Flying Immortal Art. Let's divine the reincarnation of the other demon star."

"That's good too. This is a kind of connection between the human heart and heaven and earth. It is very beneficial for cultivation. We will divine and observe heaven and earth from the Sun Moon Altar. "

Lou Baiyue said, "The Heaven Sacrificial Talisman itself is a supreme Dharma treasure that communicates with heaven and earth. If we divine the stars from it, there might be many unexpected wonders."

The Heaven Sacrificial Talisman itself was one of the incarnations of the Heavenly Dao. The Heavenly Dao could not be seen, and no one knew what its shape was or what it looked like. However, with the talisman, some wise people could divine clues of the Heavenly Dao based on the talisman.

Immediately, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue stayed in the Sun Moon Altar to observe the stars and divine the changes.

In the depths of the Sun Moon Altar, absorbing spiritual qi, gathering the power of the stars, and comprehending the Heavenly Dao was much faster than any array.

Even a person with stupid aptitude could cultivate at a speed comparable to a genius in the Sun Moon Altar. In fact, Gu Chensha had not fully unleashed the power of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman.

The ancient Desolate Dragon Gate and the medieval Heaven Sacrificial Talisman were two great Dharma treasures that shook the Nine Heavens and Ten Earths. It was mainly because Gu Chensha had not become the Son of Heaven and gathered the Son of Heaven's energy to transform the talisman. Therefore, many of its wonders had not been revealed.

As the two divined, a whirlpool of stars appeared above the Sun Moon Altar. The stars appeared in front of them one by one.

The stars in the sky seemed to have expanded thousands of times, allowing Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue to see the true appearance of the stars. Countless stars revolved according to a certain pattern, forming all kinds of star charts. Gu Chensha's soul expanded, as if he had grasped something. Rumble!

Suddenly, the light of the sun and moon above the Sun Moon Altar faded. The altar shook violently, as if some kind of change had happened.

"What's going on?" Gu Chensha hurriedly stood up with Lou Baiyue. He felt that something was wrong. This was because he felt that the Sun Moon Altar seemed to have undergone an unprecedented change.

"Come, let's go out," Lou Baiyue said hurriedly.

Gu Chensha felt that controlling the Sun Moon Altar was extremely difficult. It was extremely cryptic, as if he could not get out.

Originally, ever since the Sun Moon Altar fused into his sea of consciousness, it was absolutely safe. He could enter and exit as he wished.

But now, with the Sun Moon Altar's restlessness, Gu Chensha actually felt that he could not control the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman.

"Open for me!"

Gu Chensha roared. He used all his mental energy, wanting to tear open the space of the Sun Moon Altar and escape. This time, he and Lou Baiyue finally found an opening. The two hurriedly crawled out. If they were trapped inside and could not get out, it would be a huge joke. After coming out, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue stood side by side in the secret room.

Gu Chensha hurriedly observed his sea of consciousness. He realized that the Sun Moon Altar was actually shrinking. It was not under his control at all. It seemed to be continuously swallowing his soul and the earth energy in his body.

"Oh no." Gu Chensha's expression changed. "Is the Heavenly Dao changing? The Heaven Sacrificial Talisman is going to fly away on its own?

The Ancient Emperor also faced such a problem. If the Heavenly Dao no longer cared for you, the talisman would fly away to find its next owner. This talisman should not belong to me. Father fought with the Heavenly Dao and gave it to me.

I was prepared. This talisman will fly away, but even if it does, it won't take my Common People Heaven Mending Technique with it. "

Gu Chensha felt that the talisman had turned into a giant whirlpool that was going to suck away all his cultivation. This was why his expression changed.

In the ancient records, when the Ancient Emperor's talisman flew away, it would at most take away the Emperor God Sealing Technique. It wouldn't take away the technique that he created.

Now, it seemed to have become a tragic situation. This Heaven Sacrificial Talisman wanted to absorb all his cultivation and even his soul.

"This is the backlash of the Heavenly Dao!"

Lou Baiyue's expression also changed. "The Heaven Sacrificial Talisman itself doesn't belong to you, but the Emperor forcefully snatched it and gave it to you. This is a heaven-defying action. Naturally, you will suffer the backlash of the Heavenly Dao."

While speaking, she injected her God Slaughtering Energy into Gu Chensha's body in an attempt to suppress the energy that was being sucked away.

But the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman seemed to have sensed the God Slaughtering Energy and shook even more intensely!

"Leave me! If not, we will all die from the backlash of the Heavenly Dao. "

Gu Chensha already knew how strong the backlash of the Heavenly Dao was. Although he had planned it, he didn't expect that the backlash of the Heavenly Dao would actually swallow his soul and flesh as punishment. This was the punishment of the Heavens.

The ancient Son of Heaven had obtained the talisman by obeying the Heavens, while Gu Chensha had stolen it.

"I'm also being sucked in, I can't move at all."

Lou Baiyue hurriedly circulated the God Slaughtering Energy, but she still felt the source energy in her body being sucked away by the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. Even if the two of them had lofty ambitions, they couldn't resist the backlash of the Heavenly Dao. The backlash of the Heavenly Dao could kill all gods.

Just when the two of them were unable to resist and were bitterly holding on, suddenly, a piece of paper floated up from within the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman. It emitted boundless radiance and instantly suppressed the talisman's movement.

On that piece of paper, there were four large words: Man Conquers Heaven. It was the handwriting of the Heaven Talisman Great Emperor.

When Gu Chensha met the Heaven Talisman Great Emperor, it could be said that it was the first time the father and son had a heart-to-heart talk. The Heaven Talisman Great Emperor had written the four words: Man Conquers Heaven.

Gu Chensha knew that these four words definitely had a deeper meaning. Perhaps it was related to the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman Great Emperor, so he placed it in the Sun Moon Altar. Today, the Heaven Talisman Great Emperor's schemes were indeed revealed.

The Heaven Talisman Great Emperor had given Gu Chensha a Death Immunity Talisman and these four words: Man Conquers Heaven.

Taking advantage of the fact that the talisman was suppressed by Man Conquers Heaven, Gu Chensha immediately retracted his essence, energy, and spirit.

However, the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman suddenly vibrated violently. It actually broke free from Gu Chensha's sea of consciousness and entered the void, disappearing in an instant. This talisman finally left Gu Chensha and flew away on its own.

"This talisman has nothing to do with me anymore."

Gu Chensha's entire body seemed to have relaxed. He didn't feel depressed because he had lost this supreme treasure.