Chapter 551
===========

"Our current plan is to join forces to deal with the Celestial Calmness Department. We can't allow that to happen."

Gu Tanjian seemed to have seen through some secret. "However, after dealing with the Celestial Calmness Department, we'll help Wu Dangkong ascend to the throne. That's a logical thing to do.

If she doesn't ascend to become the Son of Heaven, she won't be able to gather her ministers, announce it to the world, and offer sacrifices to the Heavenly Dao.

We won't be able to become the True God either. I think we shouldn't be in a hurry to distribute our achievements. Let's put them into the Heaven Alliance's treasury first. As long as we join forces as one, no power will be able to contend with us in the future. " "That's not necessarily true."

Gu Chensha said, "The three Celestial Masters will definitely come out to reap the fruits of our labor. Dou Nineteen is still stirring up trouble outside. Moreover, a few years ago, when the stars descended into the world, they would definitely take advantage of the disaster. When that time comes, there'll be no way to control the situation. How will they ascend to the throne?

Let's take the current situation as an example. If the legendary Lord of the Sun and Moon appears, with thousands of reincarnated stars under his command, what should we do? " Gu Chensha's Wudang Xing was doing his best to disrupt the situation.

It would be best if he destroyed this alliance or delayed the Devil Calamity. Every day he bought would allow the Celestial Calmness Department to accumulate more power in the Minor Thousand Realms, and the world would develop further.

Under the stimulation of the Celestial Calmness Department's birth policy, large quantities of Heavenly Dew Pills were distributed. The birth rate among the people was extremely high, and the population was rapidly expanding. This caused the people to become more and more enthusiastic about expanding their territory.

Think about it. A young man with a dozen or so children in his family, and his family business wasn't large, would definitely struggle to obtain wealth. But how would he do that?

He would either come to the edge of the wilderness as an adventurer, or go to other places outside of the divine continent to expand his territory.

Like a rolling snowball, the Great Yongchō would expand outwards. The nation's strength would definitely reach its peak in a decade or so, when these babies became teenagers.

"Oh?

You know about the Lord of the Sun and Moon? "Gu Chensha's words attracted the attention of everyone present.

The Lord of the Sun and Moon was a legend. Since ancient times, the strongest reincarnated stars had been the Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, and the current Zhuge Ya. However, there was an even higher level of existence, and that was the Lord of the Sun and Moon.

In ancient times, the legend of the Sun-Moon Lord had been passed down to the present, but no one had ever seen the real Sun-Moon Lord.

"I'm just saying."

"Wudang Xing", which Gu Chensha had transformed into, sneered and said, "I'm afraid that it will be even more difficult for our alliance to control the situation after the outbreak of the devil disaster. How can we even talk about ascending the throne?"

"I am the Lord of the Sun and Moon, and the Lord of the Sun and Moon is me." Wu Dangkong's eyes were filled with killing intent as he looked over. "The entire world is under my control."

"Wu Dangkong, your rule is that all the good things we obtain will first belong to the Heaven Alliance, and then you'll distribute them after you ascend to the throne?"

At this time, Fa Wuxian asked, "For example, if we go to destroy the Human Dragon Union now and obtain the Qin Han and Buddha statues, would they belong to you first? Then you'll store them in the Sun-Moon Altar? "

"That's right. The Heaven Alliance's treasury is the Sun-Moon Altar. Only in the Sun-Moon Altar can the three Heavenly Masters and other supreme existences do nothing," Wu Dangkong said decisively.

"Alright then. Since that's what you think, I have no objections. Let's do it this way." Fa Wuxian spread his palms and actually tolerated this matter.

"I have no objections either." Seeing that Fa Wuxian had tolerated it, Xuan An didn't say anything else.

"Since no one has any objections, then this matter is settled."

Wu Dangkong was full of confidence recently. "Then let's set this rule now. If anyone dares to disobey it, don't blame me for being ruthless! Martial Emperor, come out. " The space distorted and the Martial Emperor actually appeared here.

He seemed to have reached some kind of agreement with Wu Dangkong. He looked at the crowd coldly and then looked at the WuDang Xing that Gu Chensha had transformed into. "Very good, young man. I didn't expect you to deceive me. You're the first person in history to be able to deceive me like this." "Lord Martial Emperor, please calm down. I'm just protecting myself."

Gu Chensha wasn't afraid at all. "Lord Martial Emperor, you've set up restrictions on me many times, but you don't seem to completely trust me. If I didn't resist, I'm afraid I would have become your sacrifice. We're just scheming against each other. " "How dare you speak to me like this."

The Martial Emperor was about to attack, but Wu Dangkong quickly stopped him. "Lord Martial Emperor, please wait. I've already established the Heaven Alliance. You and I have already reached an agreement. Don't break the Heaven Alliance's rules."

"Alright, I'll give you face." The Martial Emperor didn't seem to want to let 'WuDang Xing' off, but he didn't attack for now.

"Alliance Master, the Martial Emperor is talking about me. It's obvious that he wants to be the emperor for a long time.

After the Heaven Alliance succeeds, the one to ascend the throne is the Alliance Master. What does the Martial Emperor mean? Continue to be a subject?

Or rebel, kill the Alliance Master, and become the emperor? "Gu Chensha definitely wanted to sow discord at this moment. He cupped his hands and spoke to Wu Dangkong.

"Young man, I think you're up to no good. Are you trying to sow discord?

You seem to be good at such things. With just a few words, you've torn the Wu Clan apart. "The Martial Emperor was furious.

"I've already reached an agreement with the Martial Emperor. You don't have to worry about it. We'll definitely have a satisfactory solution." Wu Dangkong waved his hand. "The most important thing now is to unite and eliminate the Calming Immortal Department."

"It's up to you now. When do we start?" Gu Tanjian gave WuDang Xing a look. His tone became very calm.

"There's a custom among the people that after a person dies, they have seven days to return. It's called the Seven Days of Death. We'll give the Calming Immortal Department seven days to prepare. After seven days, the Immortal Path, Demon Path, and Demon Path will launch an all-out attack at the same time. What do you think?" Wu Dangkong said. "Fa Wuxian, have you notified the Demon Race? What do they think? We can't control that group of devils. "

"The Demon Race will launch a Demon Disaster sooner or later. Even if we don't join forces, it's about the same.

I've made an agreement with them. As soon as we get the news, they'll immediately attack. They'll rush out of the Bottomless Sea of Sin and stir up chaos. At the same time, they'll tear space apart and launch a thunderous attack on the Calming Immortal Department's Sphere of Life's Wish. Seven days is enough for them to prepare. "Fa Wuxian was confident about this.

"The Immortal Path can take seven days. The Crimson Cloud Mystic Gate will launch the first attack," Xuan An said.

"Good. That's settled.

The day before the all-out attack, which is six days from now, we'll have another meeting. "Wu Dangkong confirmed the final time.

"The world is going to change." Gu Xuansha let out a long sigh.

"It's going to change, but it's all under my control." Wu Dangkong seemed to be in control of everything.

"Wu Dang Xing, let's talk a bit more." Gu Tanjian called out to Gu Chensha.

"Would I dare to disobey the leader's orders?"

Gu Chensha said deliberately. When the World Alliance was established, the three leaders were Wu Dangkong, Gu Tanjian, and Gu Xuansha. But now, it seemed that Wu Dangkong was the leader. Even Gu Tanjian had to bow his head.

When Wu Dangkong saw this scene, he was expressionless as he watched Gu Tanjian and Gu Chensha leave.

"It seems that Gu Tanjian and Wu Dang Xing have ulterior motives," Emperor Wu said to Wu Dangkong after everyone had left.

"They both have ulterior motives. It's hard to maintain this alliance."

Wu Dangkong waved his hand. "Gu Tanjian has The Great Spirit God and the Sorcerer Ancestor behind him. Naturally, he won't accept that I'm in control of the situation. Fa Wuxian has the Dharma Saint behind him, and Xuan An has the Black Heaven Earth Gate behind him. They're all after my Heavenly Sacrificial Decree. Emperor Wu, you're the same. We're all connected by benefits. " "I like what you said. When I unified the world, my subordinates were all ambitious people."

Emperor Wu said, "It's up to you to suppress them. Don't forget our agreement. I can let you control the world, but I want to use the power of the Heavenly Sacrificial Decree to improve beyond the 36 Transformations and reach the realm of the Three Great Celestial Masters. The current prosperity of the world is far greater than it was in ancient times.

Even the world I controlled back then was not even a thousandth of what it is now. If you ascend to the throne and become the Emperor, the Emperor's Qi you'll receive will be endless. The power you'll receive from the sacrificial ceremony will be invincible. "

"I'll definitely promise you this. As long as I become the Emperor, everything will be negotiable." Wu Dangkong promised.

At this time, Gu Tanjian and Gu Chensha, who had transformed into "Wudang Xing", had returned to their barbarian fiefdoms.

"Alliance Leader, this Wu Dangkong seems to be very ambitious. I don't think the God Positions she promised us are reliable. I'm afraid that once she ascends to the throne and obtains the Emperor's Qi, she'll immediately offer sacrifices to increase her own power. She'll even mobilize the people to offer sacrifices day and night, squeezing the world dry to make herself stronger."

Gu Chensha started to sow discord again. "We can't let this woman get her way. If that happens, not only will we not get the God Positions, but we'll also be killed by her." "This woman has made it big."

Gu Tanjian squinted. "With the current prosperity of the world, if she ascends to the throne and gathers the Emperor's Qi to offer sacrifices, I suspect she'll be able to transcend immediately. She might even become one of the Three Great Celestial Masters.

When that happens, we won't be able to survive. This woman is cruel and merciless. Besides, she wants to rule the world. How can she help us become gods? Isn't that just making things difficult for her? " "Alliance Leader, how do you think we should deal with this woman?"

Gu Chensha pondered. "This woman obtained a third of the Martial Saint's Paradise. She also has the support of the Xing Qiong Clan. It'll be very difficult to do anything to her.

With a single strike, the Xing Qiong Clan almost destroyed the Martial Saint's Paradise. We're definitely not her match. Even Lord The Great Spirit God would have to admit defeat. "