Chapter 425
===========

Gu Chensha was shocked. He was furious, but he didn't explode. Instead, he kept a smile on his face. He didn't let his emotions show, and he didn't even look at the ape. Instead, he stared at the three apes and said, "Is this what you want? Yin-Yang Ghost Ape, is this how you show me your sincerity? " "That's right. This is the final agreement the three of us have reached."

The Yin-Yang Ghost Ape didn't look the least bit embarrassed. "I think this is a very good agreement. Humans will be protected by the apes, and will be safe from future Devil Disasters. And the Celestial Calmness Department will be protected by the apes. You can turn weapons of war into gifts of jade and silk. What do you think?" "Kid, you've got guts to bring up this agreement. Who gave you the guts to do that?"

The King Kong Fighting Ape's huge body laughed out loud. "You're delusional. You want us apes to pay taxes for you?

Believe it or not, I'll crush your head right now. But when two nations go to war, they don't kill envoys. I know that.

That's why we'll let you go today. Of course, you have to sign this agreement, and the Celestial Calmness Department will fulfill the terms of the agreement. Only then will we let you go. Otherwise, you'll have to suffer. I really want to throw you into my godly fire and roast you. I want to hear your cries of pain. It'd be a shame. "" The Fourth, don't scare kids, "the Thousand Changes Stone Ape said.

The ape's tone softened a bit, as if it was playing the good guy. It looked at Gu Chensha and said, "Young man, you have the most potential in the Celestial Calmness Department. You seem to be on the verge of reaching the Heavenly Dao magic level. And you're the most outstanding son of Gu Taxian. It would be a shame to die like this.

I advise you to sign this contract. As long as you sign the contract, you will give us all the contents of the Sky Fey Mystic Technique you have learned. You will have fulfilled some conditions. Otherwise, we can still capture you and dig out any memories from your head. Don't force us to do that. " "Are you going to break your promise?"

Gu Chensha questioned, "Back then, when the Yin Yang Ghost Ape and I signed an agreement and agreed to pay taxes to our Tranquil Immortal Department, I immediately released Yuan Shasheng and the Great Ape King to show enough sincerity. But what about now?"

"Brat, you still have the face to say that? You attacked my Chaotic Demonic Ape Temple and killed my people.

I haven't settled this debt with you yet. "Ape Desolation stepped forward, seemingly about to attack.

"Very good!

Since you want to speak reason, let's talk about it. Back then, you were a thief and snuck into the temple, stealing the Dragon Transformation Pagoda, the Seven Sacred Heart Tempering Pill, and many other treasures. How are we going to settle this debt? "Yuan Shasheng said viciously. This matter was extremely damaging to him, otherwise, his current cultivation would be much higher.

"It's a battle between two sides. Naturally, we can do anything."

Gu Chensha sneered, "Later on, the Yin Yang Ghost Ape personally negotiated with us and promised us some things. Do you think that's bullshit?"

"Tsk, tsk, tsk …" At that moment, a woman's voice suddenly sounded out from within the cave as two women in red clothes appeared. It was the two sisters, Que Ying 'er and Que Huang' er.

The moment Que Ying 'er appeared, a mocking smile appeared on her face, "Gu Chensha, I said that you're stupid and you're really stupid. Before you've cultivated your transcendence energy, you've been running around with your true form and you actually dare to come here?" "Don't the apes not listen to the Nest of 10,000 Dragons? What are you two doing here? " Gu Chensha asked. "Also, did you really think I didn't predict your betrayal?

Did you really think the Lord of Seven Stars of the Calming Immortal Department would be that stupid? " "Of course we knew you were powerful, so we prepared a lot of things," the Yin Yang Ghost Ape said.

"The Nest of 10,000 Dragons is a holy land for us Yao. In the past, the apes did have some friction with it, but it didn't affect the overall situation. As for what you did, I know. You went to find that Wen Hong, didn't you? Did you think he could protect you? "

"The Yin Yang Ghost Ape lives up to its name. You actually know my background. Since that's the case, you're definitely going to eat me today, right?" Gu Chensha laughed. It seemed the Yin Yang Ghost Ape didn't know about Chang Weiyang and Tai Xuandu.

Chang Weiyang was an anomaly, and her cultivation was already at the peak of the Sage level. In fact, she might even have reached the thirty-six transformations, Embodiment Transformation. She was just one step away from reaching the Celestial Sovereign level. She was the same as Martial Emperors back in the day.

Chang Weiyang's cultivation far surpassed the three Ape Gods, and possibly even surpassed the Yao Race's Li Wanlong. As for Tai Xuandu, he was also a wily old fox. The Yin Yang Ghost Ape would be hard to predict.

However, this might also be the Yin Yang Ghost Ape's way of cunning. Perhaps it already knew, but deliberately didn't say anything. Screw Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha had already calculated all of this, so he wouldn't slack off. The only thing he wasn't sure about was that Xing Qiong had already left the bottom of the sea.

If she hadn't left and borrowed power from Xing Qiong, then dealing with the three Ape Gods would be a cinch. Of course, he had some confidence now.

In addition, Gu Chensha knew that Zhuge Ya would also plot this matter, so he wouldn't just stand by and watch. This was the Calming Immortal Department's greatest show of might. More importantly, if they defeated the three Ape Gods, there would be great benefits.

When Gu Chensha entered, the first thing he saw was the wreckage of the Heavenly Demon Tree. If he could obtain it and let the Heavenly Demon Tree sapling in his Common People's Wish sphere absorb it, the Heavenly Demon Tree sapling would grow rapidly and survive its infancy. This would save the Calming Immortal Department hundreds of years of development. Thus, he had to obtain the wreckage of the Heavenly Demon Tree!

In addition, Gu Chensha also saw many secret caves in this huge cave abode. There were many treasures and pills stored there, as well as the essence that the Ape Race had accumulated over countless years.

If these things were all given to the Calming Immortal Department, then the Calming Immortal Department could develop the world to an unimaginable level. All kinds of policies could be implemented, and even the Crown Prince, Wu Dangkong, and Gu Tanjian wouldn't be able to stop them.

Moreover, the Calming Immortal Department had truly surpassed the Celestial Designer Department, becoming the number one power in the Imperial Court.

At that time, he would reform the royal court and weaken the influence of Wu Dangkong, Gu Tanjian, and the Crown Prince. With that, he would be in power, and the world would be at peace, and the country would prosper. The ape race's accumulation from the Immemorial Era until now was no small matter.

"Does that mean I can't leave? Gu Chensha smiled. "If I don't agree, are you going to capture me and refine my soul? Forcibly extracting memories? " "Not bad."

The Yin Yang Ghost Ape said, "Don't force us to do that. Sign the contract and immediately hand over all your memories."

"That's impossible." Gu Chensha looked around. "You demons, it seems like I can't reason with you in the future.

Thousand Transformation Stone Ape, Yin-Yang Ghost Ape, Diamond Fighting Ape, I dare say that besides the three of you, no one else is a match for me.

The Monster Race respects the strong. I will make my stance clear. Apart from the three of you, if anyone else can beat me, I will agree to your conditions. How about that? "

"Kid, you are too arrogant. You are actually bargaining with us here." Ape Desolate stood up. "No matter how strong you are, you dare to say such words? The three old ancestors let me suppress this kid. " "Ape Desolate, attack."

Yin Yang Ghost Ape said, "In case this kid thinks that we have no one. If the three of us attack, we will be bullying him. If the guests in the Ten Thousand Dragon Nest spread this out, our race will lose face." Using his identity as a Yin Yang Ghost Ape to trick Gu Chensha here was already a huge loss of face.

But the ape didn't care. He was worried that Gu Chensha had other methods, so he wanted Ape Desolate to test them out.

Other than the Three Divine Apes, Ape Desolation was not the strongest among the Ape Clan, but it was favored by the Three Divine Apes. It was skilled in management, and it had cultivated an undying body. Dao Realm 25 Transformation. In the Celestial Path Xuan Sect, he could be considered an old antique.

As for the experts of the 26th, 27th, 28th, and 29th changes, there were also some among the ape race. They were the ones who would take over the three divine apes in the future. Some of them were in a critical juncture of their closed-door training and did not appear here.

Gu Chensha felt that with his current Cultivation, it would be very difficult for him to deal with a strong cultivator with an immortal body. His chances of winning were not high. After all, although he had improved tremendously recently, he had not cultivated his Dharmic powers. He was still using his Dan Qi. Compared to his Dharmic powers, the power of his Jindan was definitely lacking.

Ape Desolate walked out and didn't attack. Instead, he said to Que Ying 'er and Que Huang' er, "The two of you seem to have suffered at the hands of this kid. I remember that you gave the Vermillion Bird egg to this kid, but now he has taken it away. The Vermillion Bird hatched and is in the Calm Celestial Department. I think we should let you deal with this kid first to show our respect to the Ten Thousand Dragon Nest. How about that?"

Ape Desolate seemed to know that Gu Chensha was definitely strong and wouldn't come to Small Meru Mountain to die. He was really cunning and wanted the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragon to make the first move.

How could Que Huang 'er see through the situation? She said, "This is a conflict between the Ape Race and the Calm Celestial Department. The Nest of Ten Thousand Dragon Nest is just here to hold the line. Lord Demon Saint gave me a talisman to prevent this kid from struggling. Lord Ape Desolate doesn't care, you can fight to your heart's content. You are the leader of a race and your cultivation has reached the Undying Body. There aren't many experts like you in the Celestial Path Xuan Sect. Are you afraid of a kid who hasn't cultivated Spiritual Power?

Don't worry, as long as this kid doesn't use his own strength, we will activate Demon Saint's talisman and let this kid die. How about that? "