Chapter 219
===========

Fire Talisman Spears had been a taboo item more than a year ago, and only Lou Baiyue had been able to get her hands on some.

But after the war between the imperial court and the barbarians, many princes also began to possess them. Gradually, the Fire Talisman Spear spread.

However, it was only some aristocratic families who kept a few for their collection. Some martial arts experts bought them for a large sum of money to use as self-defense weapons. For them to appear in the army on such a large scale was a serious problem. Clearly, there was a major power in the imperial court that was engaged in the military arms business. A few names immediately flashed through Gu Chensha's mind.

Now that the Great Yongchō was at war with the Barbarians, if these people could sell the Fire Talisman Spears to Baoyu Country, then they could sell them to the Barbarians. This would cause a lot of casualties to the ordinary army.

Right now, the morale of the Imperial Court's army was high because of the Horned Dragon Armor and the Fire Talisman Spear.

With these two artifacts, anyone who had learned a bit of martial arts would be able to use them to deal with martial arts masters, or even people who had reached the first or second transformation of the Dao Realm.

The strong physique of the Barbarian Tribe and their cavalry were like paper in front of this armor and fire talisman spear.

Even now, as the Frost Jade Dew flew through the air and activated her Xiantian astral energy, thousands of fire talisman spears shot out at the same time. The concentrated bullets exploded on her astral energy, causing her body to be hindered and her yuan qi to become a little chaotic.

"Damn it!" Cold Jade Dew was also angry.

She had a very high status in Precious Jade Country and was the third most important person in the country. She was second only to the Crown Prince. Today, she was besieged by her own army.

At that moment, she let out a long whistle, and her Innate Gang Qi suddenly doubled. All the bullets from the Fire Talisman Spear were knocked away in an instant. Her speed also increased, and she had already arrived on top of the ship.

After all, she was already at Dao Realm Transformation Seven and looked down on mortals. She had many fortuitous encounters and was groomed by Gu Chensha. Even two normal Dao Realm Transformation Seven cultivators combined might not be her match. She leaped onto the ship, and no one could stop her. She grabbed Yu Quan directly. As the saying goes, to catch the bandits, first catch the ringleader.

However, Yu Quan's expression did not change. He only smiled and did not panic in the slightest. Instead, he seemed to have a card up his sleeve. Rumble! Just as the Frost Jade Dew was about to grab him, a person appeared behind Yu Quan.

This person's face was a faint golden color and didn't seem to be made of flesh or blood. His eyes were cold and callous, and there was no aura of a human at all.

Facing the Frosty Jade Dew, he reached out and grabbed it. Instantly, the Frosty Jade Dew felt all of her astral energy leaking out of her, as if she were being sucked dry.

"Taiyi Golden Body, Taiyi Ten Hell Changes." Yu Hanlu was shocked, "Which elder of Taiyi Fantasy Sect are you?" She wanted to retreat, but it was useless. She couldn't escape this grasp at all. The pale golden man did not reply. He actually wanted to kill the Frosty Jade Dew. But at this moment, two people appeared behind the Frosty Jade Dew. One was very young, and the other looked like a barbarian priest. It was Justice who had made a move.

He had two bodies. One was his original body, and the other was the unparalleled genius Li Yaoyang. Both of them were extremely powerful. Of course, he would not let the Frosty Jade Dew be killed by this person.

As the Pope of the Hell Serpent Temple, Yi Zheng's cultivation was tyrannical beyond compare. This time, he did not show any mercy. He immediately activated the Sun-Devouring Ba-Serpent Technique. Rumble! An even stronger suction force erupted from his body. Puchi!

The pale golden man's face changed dramatically. His skin split open, and a large amount of golden blood was sucked out of his pores.

"How dare you hurt my master's subordinate. Daoist Tai He, I want to see whose suction force is stronger, your Taiyi Ten Hell Changes or my Sun-Devouring Ba-Serpent Technique! I'm going to suck out your primordial spirit, "Yi Zheng said viciously.

"Don't you dare!"

The pale golden man was called Daoist Tai He. He was a powerful figure in Taiyi Fantasy Sect. Although he was very powerful, he could not compare to Yi Zheng.

Yi Zheng was an expert at the Seventeenth Transformation, Splitting Spirit Separation. He was only one step away from achieving the Golden Core of the Great Path.

This Daoist Tai He was only at the Fourteenth Transformation, and his primordial spirit was out of his body.

"Die!"

Yi Zheng ignored the Daoist Tai He's threat. His two bodies grabbed the Daoist Tai He's arms, wanting to suck him dry.

"Stop!"

At this moment, an angry roar came from the ship. Then, sword lights shot over like a tide. At least dozens of disciples formed a large formation and released their flying swords, stabbing towards Yi Zheng.

"A bunch of chickens and dogs!" Yi Zheng saw the flying swords. Suddenly, a huge Connate Gang Qi snake appeared in front of him. This huge snake had a horn on its head. It opened its mouth and sucked hard.

All the flying swords were sucked into the huge snake's stomach. They were broken up and turned into a metal ball.

Then, the huge snake fixed its eyes on the disciples and sucked again. It was going to eat all the disciples of Taiyi Fantasy Sect.

"Luluha is really powerful."

Gu Chensha watched Yi Zheng's great performance from afar. He remembered that it was actually Wen Hong who subdued Yi Zheng. Later on, he was controlled by Lou Baiyue. There was no real life-and-death battle with Yi Zheng. Now, it seemed that the pope of Hell Serpent Temple was really extraordinary. No Golden Core of the Great Path cultivator could suppress this person.

He used his Connate Gang Qi to form the Sun-Devouring Ba-Serpent and swept across the sky. It could almost devour everything and destroy any magic treasure.

"That's enough."

Jade Frost Dew stopped Yi Zheng from doing that. If they devoured those disciples of Taiyi Fantasy Sect and this Taihe Elder, they would have a great hatred for Taiyi Fantasy Sect. Therefore, they had to enlist Baoyu Country as their priority. When the situation stabilized, they would deal with Taiyi Fantasy Sect slowly.

Yi Zheng dispersed all his astral energy, grabbed Elder Tai He, and threw him onto the deck. Those disciples also had their essence energy sucked away by him, and they all fainted.

"Taiyi Fantasy Sect dares to go against the imperial court?"

Yi Zheng sneered. "Daoist Taihe, your cultivation base is not bad. Unfortunately, you're still too young to stand out. My lord wants to enlist Baoyu Country. This is the general trend. If you dare to stop him, you'll die." "Yu Quan."

Yu Han Lu looked at Admiral Yu Quan with a look of pity on her face, "Who bewitched you, to actually dare to block my merchant ship? You even tried to attack me. "

"Seventh Princess, I advise you not to follow the Nineteenth Prince of Yongchō. Yongchō won't last long." Yu Quan kept retreating, but his words were tough. Whoosh! The moment he finished speaking, his huge head flew into the air. Yu Hanlu's Connate Gang Qi turned into a saber light and killed him! Clean and neat.

"You actually killed me."

Yu Quan's head fell to the ground, his face filled with disbelief. He would never believe that Yu Hanlu would do such a thing.

"You deserve to die for offending your superiors."

Yu Hanlu ignored him and suddenly raised her voice. "Yu Quan rebelled and tried to assassinate this princess. He was killed by this princess on the spot!

All of you who rebelled just now, quickly come out and put down your weapons. This princess can spare your lives. If you're stubborn, you'll end up like Yu Quan. "

"We were seduced by scoundrels. Our sins are unforgivable." At that moment, many of the admirals knelt down.

Yu Hanlu held a high position in Baoyu Country. She was the leader of her party and had many supporters in the army.

Now that she had killed Yu Quan, many of the admirals who were wavering in their hearts finally came to their senses.

"Bring the fleet ashore. Control the navy and clear the dock!" Yu Hanlu gave the order.

Instantly, all the ships gathered and the troops jumped onto the Baoyu Country ships to take over. In just a short while, all the navy was accepted and the huge fleet pressed towards the dock.

There were many troops on the dock and there were even cannons. However, the soldiers didn't know what to do.

"Senior Brother, what should we do?"

The disciples of Taiyi Fantasy Sect who were behind the soldiers hurriedly retreated. Although they had good cultivation bases, they knew that they were no match for them when they saw the huge Sun-swallowing Ba-Serpent Gang Qi and the capture of Taihe Daoist, who had reached 14 changes of the Dao Realm.

"Leave this place and report back to the sect to let them send stronger experts."

The leader of the disciples knew how powerful they were. "The one who attacked just now was the former Pope of the Hell Serpent Temple, Luluha. This person was subdued by Lou Baiyue of the Department of Tranquil Immortals. He stole the temple's divine artifact, the Swallowing Sun Bashe Pouch, from the Hell Serpent Temple, causing the temple to suffer heavy losses. We are no match for such a person.

This disciple had cultivated to the 7th Transformation of the Dao Realm and was an amazing person. He had good eyesight and was able to see through many things. They left quietly and actually didn't care about the Taihe Daoist on the ship. Yu Hanlu and Long Yuyun's army arrived at the dock and subdued many of the troops there.

If it was an outsider, these troops would have fought to the death. However, Yu Hanlu was one of the heirs of Baoyu Country and this was just a palace coup. On the Desolate Shark Ship, Gu Chensha looked at the situation at the dock quietly.

After a few hours, Long Yuyun came in to report, "Lord, we have taken control of the navy and the dock. What should we do next? Please give us instructions. "

"Leave the fleet here and control the dock. We will bring experts to the capital of Baoyu Country. There is no need to use an army. We are here to recruit them and not to attack."

Gu Chensha analyzed the situation, "As for the people from Taiyi Fantasy Sect, lock them up and control them with talismans. Taiyi Fantasy Sect won't dare to attack us." "Yes!" Long Yuyun immediately went out to make arrangements. Gu Chensha's body moved and he hid himself as he followed behind her. It was not suitable for him to show himself now.

He had cultivated the Nine Changes Dao Realm Glass Jade Body and used the Sun and Moon Talisman to hide himself. He had no aura at all and it was like he was walking in another parallel space.

At this moment, his cultivation was terrifying. He was not afraid of any hidden experts coming to deal with him. Even if it was someone above the Golden Dan Great Dao Realm, he was confident that he could test his methods. The aptitude of an unparalleled genius was not fake.

Yu Hanlu, Yi Zheng, Long Zaifei, and Long Yuyun took 100 followers and set off for the capital of Baoyu Country.

Along the way, there was no one to stop them. Of course, they could not. Just Yi Zheng alone could wipe out all the experts in Baoyu Country.

There was no one stronger than Yi Zheng in the entire Baoyu Country. Even some of the old antiques of the Yu Family who cultivated in seclusion could not cultivate the Golden Dan Great Dao. Very soon, they arrived outside the capital.

The capital was actually built with white jade. It was like a heavenly palace. The ground was also paved with green jade. Of course, the quality was low, but it was jade after all.