Chapter 467
===========

The reason Gu Chensha had come here this time was to negotiate with the God level expert of the school of Legalism, a true antique.

But now, there were only six Great Elders. Compared to the country, these six Great Elders were equivalent to the ministers of the six ministries. They couldn't make decisions at all. Even the current head of the school of Fa, Fa Liukong, did not come.

The Legalists' system was actually the same as that of the Apes. The old antiques who were Divine level experts basically did not come out. Every 30 years, the abbot would choose a clan leader, and the clan leader would deal with all sorts of matters within the clan. Only in a truly life-or-death situation would the old-timers come out.

According to the Calming Immortal Department's intelligence, the patriarch of the Fa Clan, Fa Liukong, was already at the peak of the Twenty-Sixth Transformation, "Ten Thousand Techniques Return to One". He would soon break through to the Twenty-Seventh Transformation, "Seamless Realm of Two". This was information from a few years ago. Now, there was a possibility of a breakthrough.

The head of the school of Legalism didn't come out, and neither did Old Antique. On the surface, the six elders appeared to be very polite, but in fact, they were refusing to negotiate. Of course, the Legalists' strategy was much more brilliant than the Jing family's.

"May I know where the head of Clan Fa is?"

When Gu Chensha entered the banquet, he discovered that there were some rare immortal fruits being served. There were also medicinal pills that were unique to the Legalism School. The reception was quite extravagant.

"Our Patriarch has yet to come out of seclusion, and our ancestors are also in seclusion. They seem to be on the verge of a breakthrough, so we didn't come out to greet Your Highness this time.

However, we, the Great Elders of the six palaces, are completely capable of deciding what Your Highness has come to discuss. There is no need to disturb the Patriarch and Old Ancestor. "

Fa Liufeng said lightly, but the underlying meaning was very clear. Gu Chensha was not qualified to meet the patriarch and some of the ancestors.

The school of Legalism had always been revered throughout the dynasties. Even if an Emperor came to visit, the clan leader would not personally receive him. Moreover, the women of the school of Legalism would not marry into the royal family, as they felt that the royal family did not have any foundation and that their bloodline was inferior. In fact, it was the same for the Sage Clans that had existed for thousands of years.

Generally speaking, Sage families would intermarry with each other and would never marry into the commoners.

It was rumored that before the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had established the Yongchō, he had been rejected by the Legalists when he visited them. However, it was unknown why the Legalists married a woman to him, and she even assisted him in establishing the Yongchō and unifying the world.

From Gu Chensha's point of view, the legalists must have looked down on the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor at the beginning and were forced to submit to his powerful methods. It was the same for the Nest of 10,000 Dragons. This was especially true for the Black Heaven Earth Gate.

Gu Chensha suspected that if it weren't for the fact that the Tranquil Fairy Department had recently defeated the apes, the Legalists probably wouldn't even bother with him. In front of a colossal aristocratic family that had existed for thousands of years, what was a short-lived emperor? He was just a mud stick with a little bit of luck.

"This time, I'm here on behalf of the Tranquil Fairy Department to discuss cooperation with the Legalists. I'm sure the Legalists know that countless demons have gathered in the bottomless Sea of Sin in the Sin Province. Experts at the level of Demon Saints and Demon Gods are ready to invade the Divine Central Continent at any time. Humans and demons cannot coexist. As the number one aristocratic family, the Legalists should ally with the Imperial Court to fight against the demons." Gu Chensha directly stated his intentions.

Although the Legalists had the intention of keeping people at arm's length, Gu Chensha still had to state his intentions and see what the Legalists thought.

"That's only natural. The Legalists will definitely cooperate with the Imperial Court to slay the demons. It's our duty.

A few days ago, the Crown Prince and Imperial Concubine Ming established the Heaven Alliance and came to look for us. "

Fa Liufeng's reply was very slippery. "The Legalists have already reached an agreement with the Heaven Alliance. Of course, we can also reach an agreement with the Tranquil Fairy Department. What do you think, Tranquil Fairy Department?" It was obvious that he was just pretending to be polite.

Gu Chensha sneered inwardly, but he said, "The Legalists probably know that our Tranquil Fairy Department has obtained the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and Dragon Making Heart Sutra. In order to fight against the Devil Calamity, our Tranquil Fairy Department is willing to announce it to the world so that everyone in the world can become geniuses, unparalleled geniuses. However, the minds of the people in the world are hard to fathom. If we announce it, many lawless people will obtain it and use it to wreak havoc in the world. When the Devil Calamity comes, chaos will come first.

If the Legalists are sincere, our Tranquil Fairy Department is willing to cooperate with them and operate these two supreme heaven-defying arts together.

After all, among all the aristocratic families, the Legalists are the most concerned about order. They can also bring order out of chaos and restore order. " He took out the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and Dragon Making Heart Sutra as bait.

As expected, the expressions of the six Grand Elders changed when they heard this. They exchanged glances and quickly communicated with each other using their psyche waves.

Any faction would covet the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and Dragon Making Heart Sutra, especially the Legalists. If they could obtain it, they would be able to strengthen their family's influence and stay at the top for eternity.

"The Dragon Making Heart Sutra and Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra are too heaven-defying. Although our Tranquil Fairy Department has started the Common People's Wish Academy, we are only teaching the first part of the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra. After the disciples cultivate it, they will only be able to gather sufficient Dragon Nurturing Qi in their bodies. They won't be able to change their aptitude. As long as the second part is taught, the Dragon Nurturing Qi will seep into their bodies, and they will immediately obtain great achievements."

Gu Chensha continued to tempt them, "If the disciples of the Legalists can cultivate it, their strength will increase by another level."

"Is the Tranquil Fairy Department really willing to share the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra and Dragon Making Heart Sutra with our Legalists?" The Pill Hall's Grand Elder, Fa Liuyao, suddenly asked. His eyes were bursting with radiance.

"Of course. Our Tranquil Fairy Department can share it with the people of the world. In the end, everyone in the world will become a genius, an unparalleled genius, and a saint. This is the structure of the world that countless great sages have pursued. their ambition. The Legalists are also a part of the world. Why can't we share it with the Legalists? "

Gu Chensha spoke in a righteous tone, "I know that the various aristocratic families might feel that some of the matters of the Tranquil Fairy Department are not in line with our ideals. However, to be honest, the Legalists have been protecting the Central Divine Prefecture all these years. Their contributions are boundless, and they are the cornerstone of the human race. We have seen them for ourselves." Gu Chensha's words were also unpredictable.

"This kid is hard to deal with."

When the Grand Elders of the six halls heard this, they did not feel happy about being complimented at all. Instead, they frowned. They could feel that Gu Chensha was definitely not an ordinary person. He was someone who was hard to get rid of. The things that he took out were also extremely tempting. They had originally wanted to host a banquet and get rid of Gu Chensha. However, if they were to get rid of him now, and Gu Chensha turned around and said the same thing to the other aristocratic families, the other aristocratic families might agree. Then, the position of the Legalists would be threatened.

For example, the Wu family, the Fan family, the Wen family, the Lei family … If these families obtained the Dragon Nurturing Heart Technique and Dragon Creation Heart Technique, who knew who would be the number one aristocratic family in the world in a few hundred years?

However, if they wanted to obtain the Dragon Nurturing Heart Technique and Dragon Creation Heart Technique from Gu Chensha, it would not be easy for the Legalists. They would definitely have to pay a huge price.

Thinking of this, Fa Liufeng suddenly had an idea. 'Why don't we just fall out and activate the power of all the Law Realms of the Legalists to suppress this kid? I'll seize his memories and dig out the Dragon Nurturing Heart Technique and Dragon Creation Heart Technique from his head. Other than that, there are also various Heavenly Demon Secret Techniques, the Great Massacre God Technique, and other supreme ultimate techniques.

That way, even if the other aristocratic families in the world join forces, our Legalists would not be a match for them. '

When he thought of this, he exchanged glances with the other Grand Elders of the Legalists. They all had the same idea.

Although the Tranquil Fairy Department has cultivated the Life's Wish Sphere and the Heavenly Demon Tree, it is considered powerful, after all. After all, the Life's Wish Sphere has only been accumulated for a few years. There is no way it can resist all our Law Realms, Fa Liuyao thought. Gu Chensha looked at these people coldly. Whatever the other party was thinking couldn't escape his prying eyes.

These Grand Elders of the Legalists are not good people either. They actually want to kill me and steal my treasures. They are not much different from the Demon Clan. That day, the Ape Clan thought the same.

The Ape Clan and the Nest of 10,000 Dragons' arrangement could not do anything to the Tranquil Fairy Department.

Although the Legalists are stronger than the Ape Clan, I don't believe that they are stronger than the Nest of 10,000 Dragons. Gu Chensha already knew what kind of people these aristocratic families were.

"I wonder what the Legalists' attitude is. If they are not willing, I would like to do business with the Taiyi Mystic Sect and the Mystic Sect of the Universe."

Gu Chensha directly said, "The Taixuan Capital Sect Leader and Chang Weiyang Sect Leader approve of our Tranquil Fairy Department very much. Right now, the Taixuan Capital Sect Leader's son, Tai Mang Di, is in our Tranquil Fairy Department. Last time, it was the two of them who helped me defeat the Ape Clan."

This sentence woke up the Grand Elders of the six palaces. They immediately realized that the Tranquil Fairy Department had the support of these two Mystic Sects. The Legalists had to be careful.

"This matter is very important. We have to report it to our superiors. In at least three days, or at most seven days, the Legalists will personally send someone to the Tranquil Fairy Department to discuss this cooperation." Fa Liufeng stood up and extinguished the thought of killing Gu Chensha now.

"In that case, I will take my leave first."

Gu Chensha had come this time to test out the strength of the Legalists. He had secretly activated his magic power to investigate and discovered that there was an incomparably huge potential hidden within the Legalists' palace. Even he could not easily sneak in and stir up trouble, or else he would be in great danger.

"What a pity. Although I am now in the Lawful Phenomenon Realm, if I could go one step further and reach the 23 Transformations Reflecting the Past, I might be able to discover the gaps in the Legalists' matrix and its operation. I could calculate opportunities first and sneak in deeper to obtain many of the Legalists' secrets."

Gu Chensha already knew that the Legalists were Legalists after all. It was temporarily impossible for him to obtain some key things. His cultivation was still a little lacking. After bidding farewell, he left the Legalists.

The Grand Elders of the six palaces watched him leave, their eyes flashing with cold light. Fa Liuyun's expression was cold. "I still think we should suppress this kid and seize his Dragon Creation and Dragon Raising Techniques. We absolutely cannot allow them to fall into the hands of other factions. "

"We can't make a move for now," Fa Liuyao said, waving his hand dismissively. "Most importantly, we don't know what the Lord of Seven Stars is planning. Perhaps she's prepared. And that's not all. We still haven't received word that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor has truly disappeared. If we act rashly, it will be very dangerous."