Chapter 162
===========

During this exchange, Gu Chensha wasn't able to comprehend the Great Massacre God Technique but Lou Baiyue improved a lot.

Her talent was already that of a top genius. Although she didn't cultivate the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique, she understood it and compared it with the Great Massacre God Technique. Flames surged around her body like she was about to break through to the ninth transformation, the glass body.

She had benefited a lot this time, mainly because she had absorbed one-third of the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood in Gu Chensha's body. She had started to use the Samadhi True Fire to refine the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood in her body. She kept turning the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood into her own Profound Qi. In an instant, the True Fire in her body was endless.

When the Great Massacre God Technique and Great God Swallowing Technique were formed, a black lotus appeared above her head. It spun and flames boiled.

"Eh?" Gu Chensha noticed that Lou Baiyue was trying to break through.

He had the experience of helping Yi Ming break through to the next realm, so he knew that this matter was very beneficial to him. He quickly pointed his finger at Lou Baiyue's forehead and injected all of his Sun and Moon Dragon Blood into him. Lou Baiyue's body shook and she knew what Gu Chensha meant.

She knew that breaking through to the ninth transformation was really dangerous. If she had Gu Chensha's Sun Moon Dragon Blood to help, not only would it be much less dangerous, but the glass body would also be much stronger than if she just cultivated. Honglong!

At this moment, the Sun Moon Dragon Blood in Gu Chensha's body was 10 times thicker than when he gave it to Yi Ming. He injected it into Lou Baiyue's body and merged with her blood. Lou Baiyue's black flames swept forwards and actually wrapped up Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha used the Sun Moon Dragon, Sun Moon Transformation, and Sun Moon Refining. While he lost large amounts of blood, he was replenished by Lou Baiyue's blood. Their blood merged and flowed together, forming one body.

The black flames engulfed the two of them. Gu Chensha could only feel the black flames seeping into every inch of his flesh, tendons, bones, organs, and acupoints, causing them to tremble non-stop. The Dragon Transformation Pagoda in his body absorbed the black flames and breathed out dragon qi, which also seeped into their blood.

"Dragon Transformation Tower!"

Joy appeared on Lou Baiyue's face, "With the help of this tower, my Glass Jade Body will be much more complete. Gu Chensha, you still have so much Heaven Dew. Use it all and I will help you reach the peak of Dao Realm Transformation Five. You might even be able to reach Xiantian Energy Transformation Six." "Alright!"

Gu Chensha also knew that this was the most crucial moment. It was tantamount to him cultivating together with Lou Baiyue. Both of their blood had merged together and were being burned with true flames.

This way, he would need a huge amount of Essence, which he would need to replenish with the Heavenly Dew. He nodded.

Lou Baiyue used her True Qi, and the remaining two buckets of Heavenly Dew were all rolled up and integrated into her True Qi. Huala!

The black flames from her Xiantian Energy became several times larger. Gu Chensha felt like his Sun and Moon Dragon Blood had become much more condensed.

"Don't be stingy with the Seven Saint Heart Cultivation Pill. This pill contains the Dao of the Seven Saint and can be merged into the Dragon Transformation Tower to gather its own spirit." Lou Baiyue said.

"We can do that?"

Gu Chensha thought about how Xuanwu Baby ate so many Seven Saint Heart Cultivation Pills and now that he had to use all of them, he felt a little heart pained.

"The Seven Sacred Heart Cultivation Pill can increase one's aptitude, and the Dragon Transformation Pagoda can increase one's aptitude even more. When both of them are gathered together, the medicinal potency won't disappear. Instead, it will be gathered in the pagoda. If the pagoda is upgraded, not only will both of us benefit greatly, but the dragon qi that the pagoda spits out in the future will be even more effective than the Seven Sacred Heart Cultivation Pill," Lou Baiyue said.

"That makes sense." Gu Chensha immediately agreed.

Lou Baiyue's Xiantian Energy circulated again, and all the Seven Saint Heart Cultivation Pills were rolled up and integrated into the depths of her blood. Then, she sent them into the Dragon Transformation Tower. Her God Slaying Energy then surged into Gu Chensha's dantian and wrapped around the Dragon Transformation Tower, carving runes and refining the treasure.

Gu Chensha's expression was solemn. He activated his Qi and blood and circulated his True Intent. He felt that the Dragon Transformation Tower had undergone a huge change. The Dragon Energy that was spitting out was changing, and there was a mysterious and unfathomable mystery.

The Dragon Energy nourished his body and integrated into his blood. Lou Baiyue's True Fire burned again, and his body became incomparably firm. It was as though he had become a five-colored crystal.

The flames on Lou Baiyue's body became more and more intense. She swallowed two buckets of Heavenly Dew and obtained enough Essence Qi to infuse into Gu Chensha's Sun and Moon Dragon Blood. Kacha!

With a spurt of energy, the flames wrapped around her head, and the sound of crystals shattering could be heard. Her body squirmed inch by inch, and countless black Xiantian Energy formed the appearance of all living beings. Then, it turned colorful, and then white.

Gu Chensha was shocked to discover that these black Xiantian Energy pierced through the void and absorbed countless energies from all kinds of dimensions. Some of these energies were unheard of, and they were definitely not Spiritual Qi or Immortal Qi. He didn't know what kind of exquisite existence it was.

Countless energies were absorbed into his body, and then they were forcefully dispersed. They started to combine and transform according to the many formulas in the Great God Slayer Art.

Lou Baiyue's clothes were completely melted by the flames, and she appeared naked in front of him. Then, the black flames turned into many runes and wrapped around her body. Weng … The ripples shook, and the runes fell down like heavenly flowers.

Gu Chensha circulated his vital energy and sensed that Lou Baiyue's Essence Qi was surging into his body. All his acupoints were filled up one by one, and then they expanded. His meridians became really tough and no Xiantian Energy could destroy them.

As for his dantian energy ocean, it became a bottomless pit that could store even more Xiantian Energy.

Just like that, four hours passed. His 100 acupoints were all filled up, and strong Essence Qi flowed in his meridians. It was about to spew out at any moment and turn into Xiantian Energy.

He knew that he had broken through the restrictions of Dao Realm Four Transformations and stepped into Dao Realm Five Transformations. His 100 acupoints were all filled, and he was at the peak. He could break through to Xiantian Energy Transformation at any moment.

The Dragon Transformation Pagoda in his body had also changed. There seemed to be a faintly discernible will gathering within the pagoda. It swallowed and spat out changes, and it could also automatically absorb spiritual energy.

At that moment, he had never been so strong before. His mind was also clearer than ever, and it was as if his talents had greatly increased. Many of the exquisite techniques of the Clumsy Fist appeared in the depths of his mind.

"Clumsy Fist Nine Techniques, Clumsy Formula, Stupid Formula, Foolish Formula, Bitter Formula, Dull Formula, Infatuated Formula, Dazed Formula, and Pedantic Formula! Clumsy Formula! "In Gu Chensha's mind, the structure of the Clumsy Fist actually appeared. It formed a clear martial arts theory system. All the ordinary intents were gathered in one body. This was the Clumsy Dao.

The Path of Ignorance of mortals was like dirt, but the lotus and celestial fruits were born from it. It carried everything and gave birth to celestial spirits.

"Glass Jade Body, done!"

Lou Baiyue suddenly opened her eyes. All the Xiantian Energy was retracted into her body, and the flames were extinguished. Her originally naked body was suddenly covered with a robe made of Xiantian Energy.

Gu Chensha also let out a long howl. Five-colored light shot out from all the pores on his body. However, as he circulated the Clumsy Fist Dao that he had just comprehended, the light faded away. He turned into an ordinary person, and there was no longer any aura of martial arts. The two of them finally completed their cultivation.

At this moment, Lou Baiyue's face flushed red. This was because during this cultivation, Gu Chensha had seen her entire body. Not only did the blood in their bodies intertwine with one another, but it was even more than that. But the benefits were huge.

Not only did Lou Baiyue directly cultivate the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body, but her cultivation realm and the strength of her body had also changed.

Gu Chensha's expression was normal. He just realized that her cultivation was deep and immeasurable, and there was no way to measure it. Compared to when he fought Li Wangsheng, she was many times stronger. Although he had obtained huge benefits, the one who benefited the most was Lou Baiyue. She had truly shed her mortal body and changed her bones, completing the greatest foundation. But this time, she used up all the Heaven Dew and all the Seven Saint Heart Cultivation Pills.

These two treasures were Gu Chensha's trump cards. If he took out a little, many cultivators would go crazy.

But thinking about it, it was worth it. If he didn't use the treasures, then they were just trash. Turning them into combat strength was the best way to use them.

"Even if I meet Fa Wuxian now, I can fight him."

Lou Baiyue looked at Gu Chensha for a long time. "This cultivation session is equivalent to decades of hard work and comprehension. I might not even have such comprehension. Using the Son of Heaven Investiture Art as a reference, my understanding of the Great Massacre Divine Art has deepened."

"I know nothing about the Great Massacre God Technique." Gu Chensha said, "I still don't understand it." "The Emperor said that only I can cultivate this technique." Lou Baiyue said, "I do know a little."

"Although you have mastered Xuan skills, I'm afraid you can't defeat Li Wangsheng, let alone Li Wanlong who is behind him. We still have to be careful." Gu Chen calculated on the sand table. "What's next? Continue to go deeper? Disrupt their plans? " "Of course we have to go deeper."

Lou Baiyue looked at the Altar of Sun and Moon. "This Altar of Sun and Moon is very mysterious. It is one with the Heavenly Dao. If we hide inside, even gods can't find us. But it is not like other spatial treasures. As long as one has a high level of cultivation, he can use his Primordial Spirit to see through multiple spaces."

"That means we can avoid all the dangers. If we can give Li Wangsheng, Heng Budong, and Yuan Shasheng a fatal blow, we can succeed," Gu Chensha said.

"Li Wangsheng is powerful. Even with my current level of cultivation, it is impossible for me to kill him, and it would be difficult for me to defeat him. But if I hide and ambush him, there is still a chance for me to injure him." Lou Baiyue said, "If I don't avenge him for injuring me, how can I stop?"

"If that is the case, then let's go deeper, even if we have to collect more skeletons. As for Heng Budong, it is best to capture him and bring him to the court. Let's see what the Heng family has to say," Gu Chensha said.