Chapter 490
===========

"Give up on the divine continent, set up the ultimate formation, and temporarily evacuate the citizens to the Wilderness?

Then, when the demons occupy the divine continent, they'll suddenly activate the formation and use the power of the entire divine continent to bury all the demons? "Gu Chensha finally saw some clues. This was the Celestial Talisman Emperor's plan.

The divine continent actually possessed unimaginable power. The entire land had given birth to countless gods and saints. In fact, the most powerful figures of the mystical sects of the immortal dao were basically all from the divine continent.

That was why the mystical sects of the immortal dao had always sought out disciples from among the people.

Rumor had it that those born in the divine continent were tainted with the blood of the divine continent and would achieve great things in the future.

If there were no supernatural beings in the divine continent, how could it be called the center of the Land of Infinity?

However, Gu Chensha had no idea how to activate the power of the divine continent to activate the ultimate formation. Still, he believed that the Celestial Talisman Emperor had been planning for so long, and that he would definitely launch the most powerful attack in the future. It might even involve all the aristocratic families in the world.

"I can try to comprehend the secrets of the divine continent. If I can comprehend the workings of the divine continent and the vicissitudes of history, then advancing to the Twenty-Third Transformation, Peering into the Past, shouldn't be a problem." Gu Chensha transformed and entered Sin State City.

Right now, he was still focusing on comprehension and cultivation, with all sorts of schemes and transformations as support.

His own cultivation was still his number one priority. No matter what schemes or schemes he devised, they had to be built on the foundation of strength. With Gu Chensha's current cultivation, every increase in level would bring him great benefits. He would have more power to survive the great calamity in the future.

If he advanced to the Twenty-Third Transformation, Past Reflection, then his transformation techniques would be even more exquisite. He would even be able to divine many things that had happened in the past. He would even be able to learn some secrets of the Primeval Era.

Even if ordinary immortals cultivated to this level, it would only take them a few years, decades at most. But he was of the Heavenly Dao quality, which greatly increased his ability to turn back time.

Aside from that, he could also transform ordinary mountain rocks into even more mysterious items. It wasn't as simple as turning stone into gold.

In this way, he would be able to refine all sorts of treasures that far surpassed ordinary immortals. Even natural saints could not compare to him.

The Twenty-Three Transformations, Past Reflection, was a huge threshold. Lou Baiyue didn't cross it and was still comprehending it. Not only that, Gu Tanjian, Gu Xuansha, and Wu Dangkong were also stuck at this stage.

Gu Chensha had killed many demons with higher realms than him and absorbed their memories, from the earliest Skull Black Demon Emperor to the later memories of Dou Nineteen. He had also obtained their experience of breaking through, but each of them had a different method of breaking through. Most of the breakthroughs were by chance, and when he thought about it, he didn't know what was going on. This was an epiphany that came with a flash of inspiration. Trying to find a way to break through from other people's experience was not realistic. Because others could not maintain a state of epiphany all the time. Gu Chensha was also looking for that point of epiphany.

In fact, later on, every time a cultivator broke through a realm, they had to rely on accumulating and then have an epiphany at a certain critical point. Without a sudden epiphany, even the three Celestial Venerables could not forcibly break through.

Some were lucky and had multiple epiphanies, like a hot knife through butter. Some were unlucky and could not have an epiphany in their entire lives. They were stuck at that point, unable to move forward, and finally died and turned to dust. The entire population of Sin Province had already started to move outside the borders. This was the work of the Department of Tranquil Immortals.

The Department of Tranquil Immortals cooperated with the Marquis of Sea Filling to move the people and grand families of Sin Province and resettle outside the borders. This was to prevent the people of Sin Province from being plunged into misery and suffering after the Devil Disaster. The current method was to strengthen the defenses and clear the fields.

Every time a Devil Disaster broke out, Sin Province would basically be embroiled in a storm of blood. All the people of the province would die, so they had to be prepared this time.

However, there were still people in the Sin Province now. They were all adventurers, scholars, and there were even hidden immortal dao figures and experts. They were all here to find opportunities to kill fiends and gain merit points, or to capture fiends to refine all sorts of magic treasures.

Although demons were ferocious and their Devil Qi was also feared by the immortal cultivators, they were also excellent materials. Many treasures in the immortal cultivators needed to be forged by demons, such as various puppets.

For immortal cultivators, puppets were very important. They were needed to build cave residences, set up arrays, plant spiritual herbs, mine, and forge talismans.

A long time ago, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue had captured six thousand-year-old bone demons. They worked diligently in the Wild Fiefdom, building houses, bridges, roads, planting, reclaiming, raising, and capturing them. It was equivalent to millions of people. In the eyes of many people, the invasion of the Devil Race was not a disaster, but a fortune.

Now, many demons had gathered in the grassland deep in the Bottomless Sea of Sin. Some bold demons had also begun to rush out, attempting to capture a large number of humans to obtain blood and flesh as well as to forge Dharma treasures.

Human cultivators needed a large number of demons to forge Dharma treasures, and demons also needed a large number of humans. Swoosh! When Gu Chensha landed in Sin Province, the situation here could only be described as chaos.

There were no ordinary people in the whole city. All of them were adventurers, and there were messy Chambers of Commerce operating strongholds. Of course, there were also experts left by the imperial court and agencies to cover the retreat of civilians. The Tranquil Immortal Department also built a stronghold here, selling Human Dragon Elixirs, Human Dragon Armor, and Human Dragon Sword.

Even the cultivators of the Nine Changes of the Dao Realm "Glass Jade Body" or above in the Xuanmen Taoism could not guarantee that they would not be invaded by Devil Qi or hurt by Devil Qi.

Taking Human Dragon Elixirs could resist Devil Qi, replenish physical strength, innate Gang Qi, Primordial Spirit, and even the power of Jindan. If one carried a large number of Human Dragon Elixirs, basically, the innate Gang Qi would be endless. The Human Dragon Armor and Human Dragon Sword could protect the body, fly fast, and split the solid armor of demons.

The cultivators of the Xuanmen Taoism liked these three pieces very much. Even the disciples of aristocratic families and all kinds of scholars dreamed of getting them.

However, these three pieces were very expensive, and it was hard for people to afford them. Luckily, they could be rented out now.

Moreover, the shops that the Tranquil Immortal Department opened in Sin Province allowed adventurers, scholars, and even people of the Xuanmen Taoism to rent armor and swords for free after swearing an oath. They could exchange the corpses and souls of the demons they killed.

Ever since the Heavenly Demon Tree turned into the Tree of Wishes, the Human Dragon Sword that was born from the Tranquil Immortal Department had the ability to absorb the souls of demons when they killed them.

The current Human Dragon Sword was no different from the flying swords that immortals had painstakingly refined for decades, or even centuries.

This was its powerful manufacturing ability. The Tree of Wishes was even more advanced than the Heavenly Demon Tree. It could absorb Chaotic Essence Energy, absorb it, refine it, absorb it, and refine it again. In the blink of an eye, it could create large quantities of Pill Sword Armor.

Now, the Tree of Wishes didn't create any other treasures. Instead, it focused on creating these three items. These were strategic resources.

Thinking about it, when the calamity arrived, if the people in the world could have large amounts of these three pieces, even the demons would have to think twice.

After the Heavenly Demon Tree turned into the Tree of Wishes, the Human Dragon Armor and Human Dragon Sword that it created were extremely powerful. Even if an ordinary person wore them, their defense and lethality would be equivalent to a Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body expert.

Among the demons, Dao Realm Nine Transformation Devils were definitely of the upper echelons. If they didn't have high-end combat power, if the people of Yongchō were all equipped with the Human Dragon Armor and Human Dragon Sword, they would definitely be able to sweep through the Demon Region. It was a pity that the Tree of Wishes wasn't big enough, and it didn't have enough production power.

This was because the main purpose of the Tree of Wishes was to consolidate the world of the Common People's Wish sphere. It absorbed Chaotic Essence Energy, modified the world itself, and fused all kinds of treasures into one. It didn't create them, so it could only use a small portion of its power to create these items.

Until now, the number of Human Dragon Armors and Human Dragon Swords created by the Tree of Wishes was less than 300,000.

Of course, 300,000 was a huge number for any Xuanmen Taoism Sect, but for the vast world, it was like trying to put out a cart of firewood with a cup of water. The population of Yongchō had almost exceeded 10 billion. Twenty-five years ago, the population of Heavenly Talisman was less than a billion.

Over the years, the population had increased by more than 10 times. Apart from that, with the policies of the imperial court, the population would probably increase by 10 times in another 10 years. When that time came, with a population of 100 billion, it would expand to overseas, the Wilderness, the East Wasteland, and the desert. It wouldn't be easy for the demon race to wipe out the human race. Gu Chensha was doing his best to promote this.

With the promotion of the policies of the Calming Immortal Department, the thoughts of the people had completely surpassed those of the National Fortune Party, the Mingkong Chamber of Commerce, and the Hongyun Games.

Silently landing in Sin Prefecture City, Gu Chensha saw that the entire Sin Prefecture was covered in a gray haze. Even the sun was covered in a layer of shadow. He knew that this was demonic energy being emitted. If it was absorbed by someone, over time, they would go crazy. At first, it would be like having rabies. Then, they might turn into a frenzied zombie that would bite everywhere. Around Sin Prefecture City, tall pagodas were built.

These towers gave off an extremely powerful suction force that sucked in all of the demonic qi in the sky, turning it into some black clay. Afterwards, specialized people poured some liquid into the black clay, and immediately, the black clay became extremely fertile soil, which could be used to grow medicinal herbs and other things crazily. This was the Spirit-Demonic Transformation Technique. Demonic energy was also a kind of energy. If it could be transformed well, it could be used.

The Spirit-Demonic Transformation Technique was one of the highest secrets recorded in the Maha Infernal Scripture. Now that the Calming Immortal Department had obtained the complete version of the Maha Infernal Scripture, they would naturally use the techniques within to destroy their demonic nature and restore their spirituality. In this way, they would do their best to gain the upper hand in the confrontation between spirits and demons since ancient times.

Gu Chensha had also transformed into a scholar. He walked casually on the streets and observed the people. This was the first line of resistance against demons. He could feel the bravery and fighting spirit of the people of Great Yongchō.