Chapter 118
===========

It wasn't that there weren't any loyal officials in the imperial court, but rather, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had never failed before. Back then, when he built the Great Wall and opened the canal, many people objected, saying that it would make life difficult for the people.

But the truth was that in just a few years, the canal was opened and the Great Wall was built. The weather was good and transportation was smooth. Every year, countless people would be fed by the canal. Many goods that couldn't be sold in the past were also sold through the canal. In an instant, the tax revenue increased by ten times, and the imperial court and the people became rich. In the hearts of many people, the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was omnipotent.

But although the officials were obedient on the surface, when they returned, many things would happen in the dark.

After Gu Chensha left the court, he didn't return to the relay station. Instead, he stayed in Long Yuyun's manor. He didn't mingle with the other officials and just sat there silently. He didn't cultivate, but was contemplating. The words the Heavenly Talisman Emperor gave him today were too shocking. He had to think carefully and sort out his relationships before he could decide on his future path.

This was a habit he had cultivated for many years. Every day, he would meditate and reflect on his actions, correcting his mistakes.

"Do you blame me for being neglected in the palace all these years?"

"But if it wasn't for that, how could your fate be reversed and you obtain such a great opportunity?"

"I owe your mother something, so I gave you an opportunity that didn't belong to you in the first place. In the game against the heavens, I have won by half a cent.

But this might not be a good thing for you. You will definitely encounter a calamity in the future. It all depends on whether you can change your fate or not. "

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor's words reverberated in his mind. After an unknown period of time, Long Yuyun came in quietly. "What's wrong?

After returning from the court, I meditated for a much longer time than usual. My mind is also in a mess. It's not as peaceful as before. " "Tell me, how strong is Imperial Father exactly?"

Gu Chensha asked a question that countless people had asked. It was a question that had been asked over and over again, but he couldn't help but ask.

When Long Yuyun heard this question, she fell silent. Then she began to tell a story. "There was a type of primordial divine beast called the Kun Peng. When it was born, it wasn't very big. It stayed in a small lake. But as it grew bigger and bigger, the lake couldn't contain it anymore. It could only swim to the ocean. But in the end, it became so big that even the ocean couldn't contain it anymore. It transformed into a huge bird and flew away into the vast sky. He didn't want to leave, but the ocean couldn't hold him anymore. " "You mean? Father is bigger than the heavens? The heavens can't accommodate him anymore? "Gu Chensha asked.

"Logically speaking, yes."

Long Yuyun stared at the sky, feeling a little uneasy in her heart. "But as for the specifics, we also have no way of guessing. Compared to the gods, we are not even comparable to a speck of dust, and even the gods fear the Heavenly Talisman Emperor."

"We are too weak, we can't fathom that realm. With regards to the current situation, how do you think we should deal with it?"

Gu Chensha asked. "I've seen Grand Preceptor Wen Hong before. He said that Imperial Father won't last long. Once he disappears, the world will fall into chaos. I feel that this isn't an aimless statement. We should prepare in advance." "If something really happens to the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, we will be the first to die."

Long Yuyun said. "The First Prince won't let us off. Other than that, the Tenth Prince, the Lei Clan, and the Seventh Prince will also divide you." "It won't be so easy to divide me."

Gu Chensha's desire to live roused in his heart. He calmed down completely. "The most important thing now is to increase my strength as much as possible."

"In any case, I've already steeled my heart to follow you. But to plan for the long term, I have no choice but to plan for the future." Long Yuyun pondered. "I'll make some arrangements." "It is up to you."

Gu Chensha closed his eyes and the blood in his body surged. Large amounts of spiritual energy descended and merged with his blood. It seeped into his bones and muscles and then into his skin. There was actually a layer of crystal-like feeling on his skin. Each of his pores gave off a bright light and even in the dark room, one could see it clearly. He was using Sun and Moon Refining to train in the depths of his skin. This was something that he had to do to reach the third transformation.

Nine Bulls Two Tigers to the third transformation was a long process. Especially for Gu Chensha, he had the Sun and Moon Dragon Scales beneath his skin, so it was even harder to train.

But once he did, his defense and stamina would increase by several times and he would reach a terrifying state.

He felt the pressure. Not only that, with the words of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, he comprehended many things. When he cultivated the Sun Moon Refinement, Sun Moon Transformation, Sun Moon Annihilation, and Sun Moon Annihilation, he also used these moves as his foundation, adding in the Titan Divine Art, Devil Tome of Chaos, and the Titan God Art.

Many ancient Emperors had also obtained the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman and cultivated the Emperor's God-Conferment Art. However, they still created their own martial arts. For example, the ancient Emperor of Heaven, Void, created the Void Zenith Heaven Path. There was definitely a deep reason for that. To have one's own Dao was a must for an expert. Any martial art was just a support. Only one's own Dao was deeply rooted.

He was very immersed in this cultivation for a full three days and three nights. His qi and blood flowed freely in his body as he wished. The voices of the Seven Great Sages of the Ancient Human Race rang in his ears from time to time, and many Daoist Rhymes reverberated repeatedly in his mind.

After taking the Seven Saints Heart Refining Pellet, his wisdom and thinking ability were much greater than before. They were more than dozens of times broader. Many of the martial arts secrets that he couldn't understand or comprehend were all comprehended in his mind.

The Seven Saint Heart Refining Pill was an item of enlightenment. Consuming it wouldn't bring any benefits to one's power, but it would be very useful for one's future cultivation. It could turn a stupid pig into a genius.

This was also the reason why many experts flocked to it. It was like going to ancient times and listening to the Seven Saints' Dao lectures.

Rumor had it that when the Seven Saints talked about the Dao, their wisdom would give birth to flowers in the void. When the flowers fell to the ground, they would form this pill.

This pill came from ancient times and couldn't be refined now. Every time it was used, there would be one less.

Standing up, a clear energy spread out from his body. Gu Chensha used his fist art. Sometimes, he was like a ghost, sometimes he was like a mountain, sometimes he was like a soft cloud, sometimes he was like a giant beast, sometimes he was like the void, and sometimes he was like the stars …

The whole room was filled with his shadows, and these shadows were actually using different fist techniques.

In the end, the fist art condensed and his body became one. He formed a weird hand seal. It wasn't a technique that he had learned but he just did it according to his heart.

"I have comprehended something." He dissipated his vital energy and walked out of the room.

Long Yuyun guarded the room outside. She was also cultivating but she was already at the third stage of the Dao Realm and was cultivating the fourth.

She had been improving really quickly. The main reason was because she had obtained Gu Chensha's Heaven Dew and consumed the Seven Saint Heart Refining Pill. She also learned many things from Yi Ming. Moreover, her cultivation technique wasn't as vast as the Son of Heaven Sealing Technique and it wasn't as hard to raise as Gu Chensha's.

Of course, even if she was one stage higher than Gu Chensha, in terms of combat strength, even five or six of her wouldn't be a match for Gu Chensha. Her skin and bones weren't as tough as Gu Chensha's Sun and Moon Dragon Scales. Right now, she was like a small cup, and Gu Chensha was like a huge vat.

They were both filled but it was obvious that the water tank could hold far more water than a small cup.

"You actually cultivated like that for three days and three nights."

Long Yuyun said, "Many officials came to find you but I blocked them all. But someone waited in the living room for a day and said that he had to talk to you." "Who?"

"Prince Hua, Gu Huasha, your fourth brother." Long Yuyun said, "He is drinking tea in the living room and said that he had to wait for you to come out." "Fourth brother?" Gu Chensha said, "Quick, bring me out."

Although this Fourth Brother of his didn't reveal his true abilities and everyone in the imperial court said that he was an idle king, the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong and even the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor had high evaluations of him. He walked out of the room and headed to the living room.

The manor was really huge and there were many floors. From the inner room to the living room, one had to pass through seven to eight gardens.

When he arrived at the living room, he saw Gu Huasha leisurely drinking tea while Yu Han Lu was talking to him.

Yu Han Lu also rushed over from her fief. Seeing the situation here, all the officials from the capital had gathered. She didn't want to miss this opportunity.

"Fourth brother, what wind blew you here?" Gu Chensha didn't dare to be negligent and quickly greeted him.

"Nineteenth brother, you made me wait."

The Fourth Prince, Gu Huasha, chuckled. "However, it's a great compensation to have the Seventh Princess to chat with me. It's rare that I get to drink the Drunken Cloud Winter Plum tea." "Your Highness." Yu Han Lu stood up and curtsied.

"No need to be so polite." Gu Chensha quickly stopped her and sat down.

"I still have something to say to Sister Long, goodbye." Yu Han Lu found an excuse to not listen to the two brothers. Gu Chensha nodded and let her leave, leaving only the two brothers in the living room.

"I remember after so many years, this is the first time fourth brother spoke to me."

After Gu Chensha sat down, he said with a smile that wasn't a smile, "This time fourth brother came to find me, there must be something important."

"Nineteenth brother, you have your own destiny. These days, your cultivation has skyrocketed and has already surpassed me." Fourth Prince Gu Huasha said with a smile, "It seems that in the future, you will be able to compete with seventh brother and big brother." "Fourth brother, don't joke."

Gu Chensha waved his hand, "This time I saw Grand Tutor Xian Chao, Wen Hong. He spoke highly of fourth brother and said that seventh brother and big brother are sloppy and ordinary."