Chapter 452
===========

Ever since the establishment of the Heavenly Designer Department, it was unknown how many miracles they had created in the past twenty years.

Even though the Calmness Celestial Department now possessed the Common People's Wish Sphere, it was still too early to surpass them.

Unless a deity-ranked expert appeared in their ranks, only then would they be able to suppress the Heavenly Designer Department.

The two hall lords of the Heavenly Designer Department, the Uncanny Workmanship Devil Taoist Ancestor, relied on the Heavenly Talisman Emperor to extend his lifespan. Hence, they had always been loyal and never made any mistakes. But ever since the Heavenly Talisman Emperor disappeared, the attitude of the Heavenly Designer Department became somewhat ambiguous. This was understandable. They couldn't see the future clearly and could only try their best to avoid being implicated. If things reached a critical point, the Heavenly Designer Department would no longer be reliable.

And now, the Heavenly Designer Department practically controlled the lifeline of the world. For example, seeds, iron and steel smelting, oil manufacturing, all sorts of machinery, rubber, stone mud, moonstones for illumination, flints for heating, fire talisman guns, ammunition, combat techniques, wine, and even currency.

If something happened to the Heavenly Designer Department, the world would be cut off from the supply of these resources. That would be a huge problem.

These lifeline matters, Gu Chensha had always felt that the Calmness Celestial Department should be in their hands.

However, during these years, the Calmness Celestial Department had no time to develop these matters. They were determined to raise their strength first. Only by raising their strength would they be able to start from the top. Without sufficient strength, all sorts of reforms were just empty words.

Now that Gu Chensha had cultivated the Heavenly Dao Art, his strength could be said to have reached a certain level. It was time for him to carry out his plan.

"Flying boat!"

After pondering for a while, Gu Chensha suddenly pointed at a nearby stone mountain. His transcendence energy enveloped it and instantly seeped into it. The stone mountain actually flashed with the light of five metals in an instant. Finally, it all turned into the essence of five metals. That's right, metallic essence.

Metallic essence was the most common material used by cultivators for weapon forging. Although it was called metallic, it was actually made from the repeated tempering and extraction of various metals in a pill furnace. Finally, the final product would be refined into its essence. Its value was extraordinary. Even a fist-sized chunk of it would have extraordinary value.

After the essence of the five metals was extracted, it could be soaked in gentle water, and then it could absorb spiritual energy for many years. After mixing it with high-quality jade powder and tanning it again, it would become a good material for refining flying sword armors.

A piece of metal essence that could be used to refine flying swords had to be refined by cultivators above the Dao Realm Seven Transformations for dozens of years before it could reach perfection.

Therefore, in the Mysterious Sect of the Immortal Dao, the essence of five metals could sometimes be used as a hard currency.

Gu Chensha had actually turned an entire mountain into the essence of the five metals. Even a saint would be flabbergasted if they saw this. If this was the case, then there was no need for the Immortal Dao Mysterious Sect to mine and forge iron.

Even if it was a god, it was possible to turn stone into gold, but it couldn't remain forever. After hundreds or thousands of years, the god's magic power would slowly disappear, and the gold would return to stone.

Of course, the gods could extract gold from fusion elemental energy, but that was a different matter altogether. Fusion elemental energy itself contained an endless amount of matter, and the gods could only extract it, not change it. If Gu Chensha were to fight a god now, he would definitely lose. He was still far from it. But now, he had some abilities that even gods didn't have.

Under Gu Chensha's magic power, the mountain of metal essence collapsed and turned into dozens of huge floating boats.

Each floating boat was four to five miles long and one mile wide. They were enormous boats. Countless star power and spiritual energy gathered inside the floating boats, forming runes that madly absorbed them.

Within the body of the boat, there was a furnace that absorbed the power of the stars and turned it into Star True Fire, which drove the ship to fly. Many runes were carved on the surface of the ship, which showed its strong defensive strength.

This mountain of metal essence was melted into a total of thirty-six floating ships. These ships were like primordial whales that floated in the sky, constantly absorbing spiritual energy and the power of the stars.

Gu Chensha had imitated the Dragon Ship of Xuan Hao to use as a means of transportation for the academy. In the future, he would send people to control these 36 giant floating boats to recruit students from all over the country. This would create a huge commotion.

The Dragon Ship of Xuan Hao was an ancient treasure that could change its size at will. It had a hidden space inside and could fly at will. It could also be activated to unleash all sorts of attacks. It was a treasure that could both attack and defend.

As for the floating boats that Gu Chensha had created, they naturally couldn't change their size at will. They didn't have a huge space inside, nor did they have any offensive formations. They were purely a means of transportation. He had created them on the spot and didn't intend to forge them into treasures.

To forge them into true treasures with powerful defensive and offensive strength, even he would have to expend a lot of energy.

Even now, he had used up a lot of energy to turn an entire mountain into five metals essence. He had to recover it slowly.

"General of Common People!

Spread out and head to the Chamber of Commerce of the Celestial Pacification Department in the country. Promote the Common People's Wish Academy, recruit disciples, and carry out a series of promotions. You should understand all sorts of things, right? "Gu Chensha summoned the Common People's Wish Academy and conveyed his intentions.

"Yes!"

The three hundred and sixty General of Common People drove the thirty-six floating boats and flew directly towards the most prosperous prefecture in the Divine Central Continent. The curtains had been drawn on the changes in the world.

The imperial court had the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises, who were the cornerstones of the imperial court. However, the strength of the Eight Marquises was actually only at twenty to twenty-two transformations. Among them, Marquis Jushi might be a little stronger.

At the very least, although Marquis Ironblood was the reincarnation of an iron-blooded war god, he wasn't a match for a General of Common People in a one-on-one fight.

This General of Common People had gone through many transformations, and had been modified by Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao magic and the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's bloodline. Not only was it already at the True Dragon magic, it could even evolve the River of All Things. It was also highly intelligent. Even the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth did not have such a puppet.

Generally speaking, even unparalleled geniuses would only be able to cultivate the magic power of the Vajra magic after countless periods of bitter cultivation and comprehension.

For example, the Ape Clan's leader, Ape Huang. Even Jing Qiu, this kind of ambitious and ruthless giant who wanted to create his own civilization, the quality of his magic power was only between the Vajra Art and True Dragon Art.

Only those who were born with the talent to cultivate magic power could have the quality of the True Dragon magic. For example, Fa Wuxian or Zhuge Ya.

And now, each of the General of Common People's magic power quality was the True Dragon magic. From this, one could see how strong this General of Common People was.

Even if there was only one General of Common People, it would be able to manage a huge empire in an orderly manner without any loopholes. Moreover, now that Gu Chensha had three hundred and sixty General of Common People!

Moreover, when these General of Common People went to the common people to train, they could comprehend realms themselves. In the future, it wouldn't be surprising for them to reach the 23 transformations, Past Reflection. From a certain theory, these General of Common People were slowly not puppets anymore.

General of Common People and Gu Chensha were one, and their thoughts were connected. Their training was also Gu Chensha's training. This was because some things had to be ordered by Gu Chensha before they could do it. They were absolutely loyal and had no selfishness. However, they were intelligent and could predict everything. Just like what Jing Qiu said, these were pretty much perfect officials and rulers.

After dispersing these marshals, Gu Chensha first circulated his Dharma powers here for three days and three nights to replenish the Dharma powers that he had just expended. Moreover, he was trying to comprehend the secret of never turning back. When he completely recovered and felt that he had improved, he left the academy that he had created and traveled among the people to see what waves he had stirred up. The first place he came to was Wu Zhou.

The Martial Province was the place where he obtained the Book of Heavenly Fey previously. It was also the place where the Martial Sage Clan was located for thousands of years. It was also the place where the Martial Emperor, Wu Dangkong, was born. This was the region where martial arts were the most prevalent in the Divine Land. Everyone worshipped martial arts, and every household practiced martial arts. There were boxing dojos in every town, and many of them were heroes of the pugilistic world. Landlords and wealthy families from all over the country basically came to the Martial Province to hire bodyguards.

Gu Chensha still remembered that in Wu Zhou City, there was the Tiger Leopard Alliance. It was a pugilistic sect that Gu Tanjian had recruited. Among them, the Tiger Leopard Alliance's leader, Jia Yidao, was already a Dao Realm expert back then.

This time, when Gu Chensha toured the world, he first wanted to see the states where the Saint Families were located. He wanted to see how they would react to the opening of his Common People's Wish School.

Just within the country, the biggest factor of unrest was the Saint Families, the families of gods, and the descendants of the gods.

Originally, the biggest family was the Legalists. However, the reason why Gu Chensha came to Wu Zhou first was because Wu Dangkong was from the Wu Family and the Martial Emperor was from the Wu Family.

Once the Martial Emperor recovered, he would definitely plan to seize the Wu Family's foundation. With the Wu Family as the foundation, it would be much easier to do all kinds of things. Moreover, the Martial Emperor already knew that the Heaven Sacrificial Decree was in the hands of Wu Dangkong, so he would definitely want to seize it.

Gu Chensha still transformed into a scholar and entered Wu Zhou City. He went straight to the largest teahouse.

Originally, he wanted to grasp the information. He would be in the sky and instantly envelop the entire city with his magic power. He would be able to immediately obtain the memories of many people. Moreover, he would be able to do it silently. Even people of the same realm as him would not have the ability to resist.

However, such a large-scale activation of magic power to peek at the memories of the entire city would still attract the attention of peerless experts. This was not what Gu Chensha hoped for. He still had to hide.

Although the Heavenly Dao Technique was amazing, he had yet to be able to use it freely and reach the point of perfection. He could still be caught by Immortal level experts.

Of course, if he did not activate his magic power and transformed into an ordinary person, then not to mention Immortal level experts, Saints, Oddities, and even the three Celestial Venerables would not be able to find any traces of him. Moreover, he wanted to understand the life of ordinary people.

After cultivating the Heavenly Dao Technique, he finally had some leisure time. At least, no matter how the world changed, he had the ability to hide and protect his own safety. As long as he did not die, he would have the ability to make a comeback.

There were many teahouses in Wu Zhou City. Now that the world was rich, people did not have the pressure of living, so they naturally began to relax. And since ancient times, teahouses and restaurants were the best places to receive guests, relax, gather, and inquire about information.