Chapter 120
===========

Before he met the Fourth, Gu Chensha had no real geniuses. The Grand Preceptor Wen Hong did not count, as that was too high. Now that he had seen it, he knew that true geniuses were unfathomable, and he was no match for them.

Up until now, he had not seen clearly what the Fourth's "Heart in the Vast Beyond Heavens" was, and what its moves were.

He was not considered a genius, even though he had cultivated the Emperor's God Sealing Technique. From a certain point of view, he was also the result of resources. Even though these resources were earned through his own hard work.

Of course, he was not dispirited by the fact that he was not a genius. Instead, he was deep in thought, thinking of ways to work harder and improve himself.

"I didn't expect the Fourth Prince to be so powerful."

Cold Jade walked in, holding a jade orb in her hand. It was about the size of a fist, and looked like an eyeball. Within it, there were many images. This was her most powerful magical treasure, the "Eye of the Jade Deity". In the past, this treasure was called the Thousand Manifestations Jade Orb. After obtaining Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dew, she transformed the treasure once again, "You didn't see the Fourth Prince's movements clearly, but my Eye of the Jade Deity can slow it down and record it. Do you want to see?" "What? This treasure has such a function? "Gu Chensha was overjoyed.

"Why else would it be called the Eye of the Jade Deity?"

Cold Jade smiled, "This treasure can also calculate the flaws of martial arts. Unfortunately, the Fourth Prince's martial arts are too powerful, and this Eye of the Jade Deity only has one pupil. It is difficult to calculate where his flaws are.

If the Heavenly Dew could improve it to two pupils, then the Fourth Prince wouldn't be so mysterious anymore. "

"You're thinking of my Heavenly Dew, aren't you?" Gu Chensha laughed, "But no matter, I'll use the Heavenly Dew to upgrade this treasure." "I'm speaking the truth."

Cold Jade said seriously, "The highest level of the Eye of the Jade Deity is nine pupils. Legend has it that it can see through heaven and earth, as well as the changes in the Realm of the Gods. Other than that, it can also see the Heavenly Daos of the future, and calculate everything in the world.

However, each additional pupil of this treasure requires an enormous amount of Spiritual Qi and an even higher grade of Immortal Qi, so it's very difficult to advance. I don't even have a high chance of advancing it to the second pupil.

I didn't need a lot of heavenly dew to transform the Jade Sphere of Myriad Jade into the First Pupil of the Jade Deity's Eye, but if I wanted to upgrade it to the Second Pupil, I would need tens of times more heavenly dew than the First Pupil.

Three pupils are ten times more than two pupils. Do the math yourself. How much do you need to reach nine pupils? " "That's true," Gu Chensha nodded. "Let me see how The Fourth defeated me just now." "You'll need three drops of Spiritual Liquid to pour on it."

Jade Frost Dew said, "Not only does this ball require a large amount of spiritual energy to advance, but it also consumes a lot of spiritual liquid to activate it. If a Dao Realm expert doesn't have spiritual liquid, they can use their own blood to activate it."

Dao Realm experts breathed in spiritual energy and merged it into their blood, causing their blood to contain large amounts of spiritual energy. This was similar to spiritual liquid.

"That's easy." Gu Chensha flicked his finger, and a drop of blood flew out from his fingertip, landing on the Jade God's Eye. Instantly, the jade eye shone brightly.

Jade Frost Dew chanted a few incantations, and the light changed. A giant projection appeared in front of the two of them. In the projection, Gu Chensha was attacking the Fourth.

"Slow down!" Jade Frost Dew hollered.

The projection slowed down by hundreds and thousands of times. Only then did Gu Chensha see it clearly. When it appeared in front of the Fourth, the Fourth's body moved slightly and he slapped forward.

This slap didn't contain any energy at all. It was ethereal and ethereal, and the airflow didn't fluctuate at all. It was like an exquisite dance. The aura it gave off was like it was flying beyond the clouds, into the sky above.

Gu Chensha attacked again and again. Even if he activated the Great Dragon Armor and Demon Descending Blade, he was still defeated by that slap. If he hadn't slowed it down by thousands of times, he wouldn't have been able to see where that slap came from and where it went. This slap didn't belong to this world; it belonged to the sky above.

Over and over again, he looked at it for a full hour. Then, the projection suddenly disappeared. The spiritual energy in the drop of blood had been used up. Gu Chensha flicked another drop of blood onto the projection and watched it again.

"Your blood contains such powerful spiritual energy. Even with three drops of spirit liquid, it can only last for a few dozen breaths of time. A single drop of your blood lasted for an hour. Is your blood more precious than a treasure?

It's almost comparable to a primordial divine beast. "Jade Frost Dew looked at him as if she was looking at a treasure.

"Don't tell anyone."

Gu Chensha waved his hand and said, "My flesh is indeed a treasure. It's because I've consumed too much heavenly dew. In addition, I've eaten some heavenly ingredients and earthly treasures. I've also fused with the bloodlines of many primordial mutant beasts. After being tempered by a supreme divine art, I'm afraid that if an ordinary person eats a mouthful of my flesh, their lifespan will be prolonged. They won't age, and their lifespan will increase greatly.

"So magical." Jade Frost Dew pondered. No one knew what she was thinking. Weng … The projection appeared again.

Gu Chensha repeatedly watched the exchange with The Fourth. His mind was thinking, his body was moving, and he was thinking about how to avoid it if they were to meet again.

He was completely immersed in the exploration of martial arts. It was rare for him to meet an opponent like The Fourth who could defeat him.

That slap was calculated thousands of times in his mind, trying to figure out the concept, and observing the changes in his strength.

The projection was broken and reconnected with a drop of blood. Just like that, another three days and three nights passed. His mind was hazy, and something was about to break through.

"Haha …" Suddenly, he laughed. "So that's how it is. That's how it is." He took a step forward. His body flickered, and he punched out. This fist was not any martial arts he had learned, but it was very suitable for him. Weng …

This fist contained a lot of changes, but it was straightforward. It used the simplest force to break through the countless changes in the world, and established a firm belief.

This fist was not the most powerful, nor was it the most exquisite, nor was it the toughest. However, it had a sense of self-improvement, and was determined to forge ahead. No matter how difficult it was, it would not give up. There was hope in the midst of despair, and there was light in the darkness. This was the fist of a normal person, and the fist of a clumsy person.

"Although people are clumsy, stupid, ordinary, ordinary, they also have hope. They will forge ahead. This world belongs to normal people, to the common people, not to geniuses. This fist of mine is called the Clumsy Fist. It allows clumsy and stupid people to constantly strive to become stronger and have hope for the future." After Gu Chensha threw out this fist, he had a path in his heart, and he had his own martial arts foundation. He felt that this was the true meaning of martial arts. In this world, there were few who were born strong, and there were many who were weak.

The true meaning of martial arts was to allow weak and stupid people to become stronger through diligent practice. In this world, from the bottom to the top, no matter how difficult it was, there was a way forward. As the saying goes, heaven never bars one's way. The path of martial arts was a chance for the weak to become strong.

Gu Chensha had comprehended for three days and three nights, and he had created this "Clumsy Fist", which grasped the true meaning of martial arts.

"Is this what you have comprehended?"

Cold Jade Dew looked at this fist. It was far from being as exquisite as the Great Spirit God Technique, let alone Gu Chensha's own unique skill. This fist was laughably clumsy, and the changes in force were very simple. It was not even as good as the most common move, "Black Tiger Steals Heart". No matter how she looked at it, it did not look like something that Gu Chensha had comprehended for three days and three nights.

"Why don't you give it a try?"

Gu Chensha's eyes lit up, and he was extremely happy. At this moment, he had finally established his Dao foundation and grasped the true meaning of martial arts. At this moment, he could forget about the Emperor's God Sealing Art, The Great Spirit God Technique, the Scripture of Hell Suppression, and the Book of Chaotic Demon. Only the Clumsy Fist was suitable for him.

"I want to see what kind of unique skill you have comprehended."

Cold Jade Dew put away the Jade Deity's Eyes and separated her hands. "I have sparred with you a few times, but I have never displayed my true strength. Today, I will show you the unique skill that I have cultivated for many years, the Jade Breaking Divine Skill … Ah!" Before she could finish her sentence, she was sent flying.

"What kind of fist technique is this?"

She circulated her spiritual energy around her body, but she was not injured. She could not help but be shocked. "Could it be that you have learned the Fourth Prince's Heart is in the Vast Beyond Heaven?" Just now, she did not see Gu Chensha's fist clearly.

"Again." Gu Chensha strode forward and punched again.

The punch was laughably clumsy, and the posture was ugly. It was like an old hen trying to imitate an eagle and fly into the sky, flapping its wings. Anyone who saw it would think that it was impossible.

"Taiyi Flying Phantom Kill!"

Cold Jade Dew swayed, and her shadows could be seen everywhere. She had used the ultimate move of the Taiyi Fantasy Sect, and last time, Gu Chensha's blood and Qi were in turmoil. Bang! Gu Chensha's seemingly clumsy punch broke through the layers of illusions and landed on her body.

She was sent flying again, and her body was plastered against the wall, and she slowly slid down. Her body was not injured, but her Qi and Qi were in turmoil.

"I don't believe it."

Cold Jade Dew's eyes were sharp, and she was actually angry. Her hands made a series of complicated gestures. "Jade Breaking Rebirth!"

She was furious. Her beautiful hair fluttered behind her head, and her feet were not stained by the dust. She was like a ghost, and her palms were straight, and her fingers were like claws. Bada!

Gu Chensha waited for her aura to reach its peak, and then punched again. It was still crooked, like a child's scribbling. But Cold Jade Dew could not block it, and was sent flying again, hitting the wall.

She attacked again and again, and was sent flying again and again. The scene of Gu Chensha being sent flying three days ago was repeated. Cold Jade Dew was no match for Gu Chensha in terms of martial arts.

Finally, she stopped, and her eyes were filled with disbelief. "What kind of martial arts is this? Why is the posture so ugly, and full of flaws? I just can't block it." "This is not Fourth Brother's Heart in the Vast Beyond Heaven. This is a genius fist skill."

Gu Chensha looked at his own hands, and seemed both sad and happy. "This is the Clumsy Fist that I created myself. This fist skill does not focus on the moves, and is very simple and ridiculous. It is just like how the gods and immortals look at the common people. It is so ugly, cheap, and miserable.

But even the fools of the common people have the heart to improve. They have never given up hope, and in the midst of low hopes, seeds can be born. " "You have really comprehended the Dao." Cold Jade Dew was stunned. "But you don't seem very happy?" "This fist skill is still budding."

Gu Chensha said, "This is the greatest power. This cannot be said to be the path, but it is just a weak light. However, my martial arts have improved a lot. In the future, as long as I learn more martial arts and comprehend other things by analogy, I will be able to comprehend more and expand the light to illuminate the world." "It seems like the Fourth Prince has really stimulated you."

Cold Jade Dew said, "In three days and three nights, you have comprehended such a profound skill. You have your own path in the future, but I don't. I can only practice the martial arts of the predecessors."