Chapter 868
===========

One Second Remember 09, to provide you with exciting reading. Chapter 865: All Celestials!

Back in the system, Gu Chensha had become a manifestation of knowledge. He had no physical form, but rather, a will of propagation, creation, and expansion. [Zero ↑ Nine △ Little ↑ Say △ Net. .09 】

The system itself was a substitute for the dao of heaven, and as soon as Yang Qi entered it, he could sense how greedy it was, as if it viewed him as a juicy piece of meat.

Of course, to the systems of the One God, there was nothing that could possibly be more beneficial than devouring him.

Only by devouring him would the systems of the One God be able to defeat the Emperor Of Heaven, and perhaps even transcend and become deathless, and survive the transformations of the dao of heaven.

Amidst his confusion, Gu Chensha suddenly felt a will directly piercing into his soul. Within his Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique, there was suddenly an additional amount of knowledge and principles. These knowledge and principles were things that he could not completely fuse together, as they were things that he could not understand. These things were like pollutants that seeped into his Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique, causing it to be unable to circulate freely, and even attempting to control him.

The systems of the One God were devouring him. First, it was using its own will to infiltrate his will, like a viper injecting venom into its prey. First, the prey would be paralyzed, and then it would slowly feast on them. 'This knowledge is really strange. I can't assimilate it, and I can't understand it.'

Gu Chensha was a bit shocked, but he had long since been prepared for this. He knew that things wouldn't go smoothly for the systems of the One God, and that it would be completely unreasonable for him to assimilate them so easily. It was a game, and a tempering. Without that tempering, how could he possibly become a celestial?

"Digest!"

Gu Chensha revolved the Dragonless Heart Sutra, digesting and comprehending the knowledge and principles transmitted to him by the system, making them a part of him. The game between the two sides was as simple as that, but also incomparably complex. At their level, the battle was no longer a battle of fists and feet, a battle that could destroy the heavens and extinguish the earth. Instead, it was a battle that seemed calm, but not even the Celestial, Heaven Longevity, and Heaven Primal realms could understand.

Now that Gu Chensha had gained enlightenment of the Dragonless Mental Magic, he had become a manifestation of knowledge. No attack could do anything to him. Theoretically speaking, Gu Chensha was the embodiment of the immortal dao civilization, and possessed all of its knowledge. That was especially true of his mastery of the Great Massacre God Magic, a secret magic created by Grand Emperor Heaven-Talisman, which contained things that the systems of the One God couldn't.

"Infiltrate!"

In the blink of an eye, Gu Chensha could sense the power of the systems of the One God increasing. His Dragonless Mental Sutra had doubled in size, and was now beyond Gu Chensha's control. In other words, the systems of the One God had control over half of Gu Chensha's Dragonless Mental Sutra.

Theoretically speaking, Gu Chensha's true self was already half under the control of the systems of the One God.

In fact, he was starting to realize that he wasn't very agile, and that he was being controlled by someone else. Of course, that was exactly what he needed.

"Order of Heaven-Sacrifice! Come forth!" RUMBLE!

A paper talisman appeared in Gu Chensha's Dragonless Mental Magic, glittering with azure light. It was none other than the Order of Heaven-Sacrifice, which Gu Chensha immediately sent into the systems of the One God.

All of a sudden, the systems of the One God felt the power of the Order of Heaven-Sacrifice, and began fighting back. Immense will surged into the decree, causing it to shine with dazzling light. Crack! Unexpectedly, the decree was ripped to shreds. The talisman then transformed into two characters. One of them read: Receive the Mandate of Heaven, and the other read: Man Can Conquer Heaven! The two portions of the Order of Heaven-Sacrifice continued to fuse into the systems of the One God. 'Excellent!

The systems of the One God are incredible. I can't believe they tore the Order of Heaven-Sacrifice apart. If I didn't borrow your power, how could I possibly assimilate them? ' Gu Chensha was delighted. "Son of Heaven Ordains Gods. Grand Massacre God Magic. Combine!" RUMBLE! The Dragonless Mental Magic sent out two different auras. One was ordaining gods. One was slaughtering gods. One was mending the heavens. One was overturning the heavens. Yin and yang rotated, and the cosmos rotated.

In an instant, the two parts of the Heaven Sacrificial Talisman were absorbed into the Dragonless Heart Sutra, the words' Obey the Heavens' and 'Man Conquers Heaven'. WHOOSH! Gu Chensha's Dragonless Mental Magic suddenly turned crimson like fire, as if it were molten gold.

As he wriggled, he began to fight back, devouring the knowledge the System of the One God had imbued him with. As a result, Gu Dusha's ability to understand and calculate things improved, and he quickly digested the information from the System of the One God. In the blink of an eye, his cultivation base skyrocketed.

As he fought with the systems of the One God, it was only natural that he would be able to acquire its knowledge. As a result, he was able to understand and gain enlightenment of the prehistoric technological civilization. Soon, he was able to see a path that was completely different from the path of immortals.

He also used the power of the systems of the One God to assimilate the Order of Heaven-Sacrifice, ensuring that it was completely free of impurities. At the core of the Order of Heaven-Sacrifice were four characters: Receive the Mandate of Heaven.

Those four characters represented authority and authority, something that had been given to many ancient emperors. However, they were also shackles of fate. Of course, the words "Man Can Conquer Heaven" shattered those shackles, and represented different philosophies. And now that Gu Chensha had fused those two philosophies together, he was fighting back against the systems. Gu Chensha's celestial aura was growing stronger.

Waves of Heavenly Venerable aura circulated within his Dragonless Heart Sutra, causing the scarlet flames to burn continuously.

"Hmm?"

The twelve magisters were the Lord God, Lord Dawn, Lord Sovereign, Lord Spirit, Lord Rest, Lord Blaze, Lord Mi, Lord Sa, Lord Pu, Lord Na, Lord Eon, and Lord Si. Soon, they saw something completely unimaginable.

Moments ago, the Ancient Dustsand had been suppressed by the system of the One God, and was on the verge of being assimilated. But then, the Ancient Dustsand suddenly transformed into a tiny tongue of flame, burning with crimson energy. Thankfully, it wasn't a threat to the system at all. But this was also a bad sign.

It meant that the systems couldn't refine Gu Chensha, and the tongue of flame was still growing, absorbing power from the systems. It was like a virus that was expanding.

"My Dragonless Mental Magic has improved greatly." Gu Chensha had gained a large amount of knowledge about the prehistoric civilization.

At the same time, in the Central Divine Region, within the Dragonless Gourd, Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, Gu Huasha, Zhuge Ya, Martial Saint, Longevity God, and the other higher-ups were all cultivating. While they were managing the world, they were also deepening their own cultivation bases.

In the world, the country luck and sacrifices were getting thicker and thicker, especially those 360 common people generals. All of them were experts at the Dao Realm 36 Transformation. They were all True God Realm experts and could turn their own luck into strength. Each general was loved and respected by numerous people. They became the embodiment of justice, the God of Justice.

Although they weren't Celestial Sovereigns, with the position of True God that Gu Chensha had created for them, they could fight against Celestial Sovereigns. It was because of this that no one could invade them in the Central Divine Region.

"Alright!"

Lou Baiyue was in the middle of cultivating bitterly, when suddenly, a stream of will pierced through her. She could sense Gu Chensha's Dragonless Heart Sutra, and in her heart, a spark of fire exploded. Countless scriptures replaced her original body, and she transformed into a scripture. Kacha! A supreme lock on her body was completely undone.

The aura of a Celestial Sovereign was born in her body. At that moment, she had actually reached Celestial Sovereign.

"Chensha is really amazing. He is actually fighting with the highest crystallization of intelligence of the prehistoric civilization, the God System, and he even obtained its knowledge."

Lou Baiyue instantly understood what she had obtained. It was Gu Chensha's fusion of prehistoric technology and Celestial Dao Civilization's cultivation. It was a supreme technique to subdue the heavens, the Dragonless Technique. With this knowledge, she could break through to Celestial Sovereign Realm.

"Dragonless Gourd, rebuild the universe. Common People's Commander, reverse fate and break through!"

As soon as Lou Baiyue became a Heavenly Venerate, an inexplicable power awakened in her body. Nobody knew if it was the source of the Queen of Sky. Although she was still a Heavenly Venerate, the aura she exuded seemed to have completely surpassed the Sky Primordial Realm. She even seemed to have surpassed the Sun-Moon Lord, Gu Tiansha.

"Is it really the Queen of Heaven? Only the Queen of Heaven would have such an aura. "

Zhuge Ya stared at Lou Baiyue in shock. The moment Lou Baiyue became a Celestial Sovereign, the Dragonless Gourd's aura was earth-shattering. Seeing this aura, Zhuge Ya knew that Lou Baiyue could kill a Celestial Longevity Realm powerhouse with a snap of her fingers.

After Lou Baiyue broke through, she poured all the power in her body into the Dragonless Gourd. Suddenly, the sacrificial power within the Dragonless Gourd was extracted and turned into 360 balls of light. These balls of light suddenly flew out and fused with the 360 Common People's Commanders who were stationed all over the divine continent.

"Common People's Commander, make a Celestial Sovereign. Everyone, advance. Your current combat power is actually equivalent to a Celestial Sovereign, but you are definitely not a true Celestial Sovereign. Now that I have obtained the prehistoric technology to create a Celestial Sovereign, you can all advance to Celestial Sovereign. From now on, the divine continent's Yongchō will truly have the capital to dominate the myriad realms!" Lou Baiyue's voice spread out from the Dragonless Gourd.

Then, this voice began to spread among the people. There were now news organizations constantly spreading news about the movements and changes of the upper echelons of the imperial court. The entire imperial court was transparent, and this transparency led to the people's extreme trust in the imperial court. In the eyes of many people, the imperial court was no longer the high and unfathomable authority it used to be. Instead, it was like a family that could solve their problems. The closeness between the ordinary people and the imperial court was getting higher and higher. Mobile users, please browse M. Read for a better reading experience.