Chapter 1077
============

Arrogant and Despotic After his fortuitous encounter, Zhou Yang was unbelievably arrogant. He had forced his father, Zhou Yuhao, from the very beginning. Of course, he had the right to do so.

Having fused the two systems, he was now in the new world, and the origin of the old world couldn't restrain him anymore. He had the strongest combat arts and was adept at hiding. As long as he used his power, no one in the heavenly planes would be able to find him. Of course, Gu Chensha was an exception. Gu Chensha had created him for fun, but this accident was within Gu Chensha's expectations.

Because Gu Chensha had fused his own system with the old world's system, he knew that it would change and give birth to an existence that he couldn't control. Therefore, this accident wasn't really an accident.

Of course, Zhou Yang didn't know that. The only thing he knew was that the two strongest overlords in the world, Gu Chensha and the will of the old world, both wanted to control him. But because of their battle, they died together, pouring their power into his body, making him the strongest existence in the world. Because of this, he felt that he could do whatever he wanted.

"I am the king of fortuitous encounters. Since ancient times, there have been countless protagonists and important figures who have had unimaginable fortuitous encounters, but none of them can compare to mine. My fortuitous encounter is the true fortuitous encounter. I am the strongest existence among all fortuitous encounters. I am the king of fortuitous encounters." That was what Zhou Yang was thinking about all the time. Now, he stood in front of his father, Zhou Yuhao, as if he was looking at his own slave.

"Unfilial son, even if you kill me, I won't rebel with you. If I had known, I would've killed you. "

Grand Tutor Zhou Yuhao wouldn't compromise. He might not be Zhou Yang's match, but he wouldn't let Zhou Yang's scheme succeed even if he had to.

"Zhou Yuhao, you are my father. I don't want to turn you into a walking corpse unless it's absolutely necessary.

Actually, the reason you haven't rebelled is because you don't think there's much hope. There are many experts in the imperial court, and besides you, there's also the Grand Preceptor and the Grand Protector.

There are also the Nine Ministers, the Eighteen Kings, the Thirty-six Marquises, the various nobles, as well as countless high officials and generals. Their strength isn't any weaker than yours. You might have a high status now, but if you rebel, you'll die immediately. You won't have any chance. But let me tell you, your worries are unfounded. My strength is enough to change the entire Nine Profound Cosmos. Even if they combine their strength, I can kill them all. Right now, I can increase the clan's strength by tens of times, maybe even a thousand times. I can also increase your strength to the point where you can defeat the emperor. Aren't you a lot more confident now that you have such strength? "Zhou Yang laughed. He enjoyed this feeling very much.

Zhou Yuhao, who used to be high and mighty and couldn't even be bothered to look at him, was now angry and helpless, which made him very happy. He couldn't bear to turn Zhou Yuhao into a walking corpse, not because of the relationship between father and son, but because he wanted to enjoy the feeling of being trampled on.

"Unfilial son, you unfilial son. If you have the ability, kill me!" At this moment, Zhou Yuhao felt that even suicide would be very difficult.

"Why would I kill you?"

Zhou Yang suddenly thought of something else. His body trembled, and a huge amount of data descended, directly entering Zhou Yuhao's body.

A moment later, the gigantic chains in Zhou Yuhao's body were broken. His spirit force gushed forth, causing the Heavenly Realm in his body to rise up bit by bit. Not long after, it reached its limit and underwent a transformation. Boundless energy gushed forth, transforming endlessly. Energy gushed forth, and the entire world was filled with the concept of the heavenly dao.

At this moment, Zhou Yuhao's spirit force awakened, and he became a heretic. In other words, he was an existence that the Nine Profound Cosmos couldn't tolerate. However, his cultivation base had already reached the Heavenly Daos.

"I've become a heretic, no …" Zhou Yuhao's voice was terrifying, and it sounded like he was crying and laughing at the same time. He wanted to destroy himself, but he couldn't. At this moment, he was in a state where he could neither live nor die.

"What heretic? This is nothing more than brainwashing. The Nine Profound Cosmos is just a small cosmos, and the restrictions on people who awaken their spirit force are actually the work of the Will of the Old World. Once you awaken your spirit force, your cultivation base will become extremely tyrannical. Of course, don't throw away some things from the Old World. I've already fused the Will of the Old World and the New World into one. Now that the new and the old are one, I'm invincible.

Think about it. In the future, when our family rules the Nine Profound Cosmos, we can enslave all our enemies. I know that Grand Preceptor Zhang Jiahao is our mortal enemy. His son killed one of my brothers, and he even raped and killed one of my sisters. You just swallowed that insult and humiliation for the sake of the imperial court. When I brought it up to you during the family banquet, you flew into a rage and crippled my cultivation base, forcing me to spend three years in prison. I still remember this matter. "Zhou Yang's voice suddenly grew intense. Slowly, Zhou Yuhao calmed down.

"You're amazing. Who would have thought that such a character would appear among my sons? But can you really make our Zhou Clan the hegemon of the Nine Profound Cosmos?

You should know that the power of the imperial family cannot be underestimated. Don't be fooled by the fact that the emperor of the Nine Profound Cosmos is only at the Heavenly Dao Realm, but the entire imperial family is deeply connected to the Immemorial Cosmos. In fact, the Immemorial Cosmos' newest superpower, the Supreme Ancestor of the Immemorial Cosmos, is their backer. "Zhou Yuhao stopped cursing and started discussing the feasibility of the matter with his son.

"Hahaha …" Zhou Yang laughed again. "Not bad, not bad. Zhou Yuhao, I knew you were a character. What's all this talk about loyalty?"

"I've already been turned into a heretic by you. I can no longer be a grand preceptor of the Imperial Court. If this matter is exposed, we'll be annihilated immediately. Our Zhou Clan might even be exterminated by the Imperial Court."

Zhou Yuhao's expression was savage. "For the sake of the clan, I have no choice but to join hands with you, an unfilial son." "Don't worry."

Zhou Yang's eyes flickered when he heard the words "unfilial son." He secretly made up his mind. After using Zhou Yuhao, he would completely destroy him, kill him, or even imprison him. He would make him suffer for eternity to relieve the hatred in his heart.

"This brat is cruel and unscrupulous. He definitely won't let me go."

When Zhou Yuhao saw the look in Zhou Yang's eyes, he knew that this brat wanted to kill him. After using him, this brat would definitely burn the bridge after crossing it, consigning him to eternal damnation. But right now, he couldn't do anything to this brat.

'Calm down, there's still a chance …' Zhou Yuhao calmly calculated, revealing his wily side. 'Perhaps this is an opportunity for me. My unfilial son has just had a fortuitous encounter, so he doesn't know how to use it well. Otherwise, he could have secretly placed chess pieces in the family, and with his power, he could control the entire family in a short time. Then, he could act against me, and at that time, I wouldn't have any chance to resist. What he's done now proves his weakness. What I can do now is to borrow his power to increase my own power and destroy the Imperial Court. If I devour those experts, my cultivation base will be guaranteed. Also, I can bring in the strongest experts from the other universes to fight against this counterattack. While they're fighting, I can control the Nine Xuan Universe, and then I can promote it to the next level. At that time, I might even obtain supreme power. That way, I won't be afraid of this unfilial son, and instead, I'll suppress and kill him.'

In an instant, Zhou Yuhao thought of thousands of schemes in his mind. Each one was extremely vicious. Things like diverting the disaster to someone else, deceiving the heavens, and killing someone with a borrowed knife. Each was more vicious than the last. 'As expected of the Imperial Court's Grand Tutor. His schemes are outstanding.'

Outside the Nine Mysterious Universe, Gu Chensha secretly observed the changes. He had finally created a variable, and if he didn't observe it carefully, it would be a waste of all his schemes.

Originally, Zhou Yang was one of the main characters of the old world. There were thousands of other main characters like him in the multiverse.

Later on, these main characters would devour each other until a person who could control the true meaning of the old world was born.

However, Zhou Yang was no longer a main character of the old world. He had broken free from the old world's control, but he was stronger than any of the main characters. Soon, he would reach the Undying Realm. This was something that Gu Chensha had created on purpose.

Of course, the old world wasn't willing to give up. The will of the old world would continue to create main characters who would devour Zhou Yang and gain control of the old world. That way, they would be a threat to Gu Chensha.

'Interesting. Zhou Yang might have obtained unparalleled power, but his temperament isn't mature enough. Right now, he's fighting with his father. Although he has full control of the situation, if there's an outside power supporting him … then he'll probably fall into a dangerous situation. For example, Mister Endless will definitely know about this and secretly help Zhou Yuhao. If that happens, Zhou Yang will be in danger.

In the end, Zhou Yang was still lacking in schemes. He wanted to immediately take control of the Nine Mysterious Universe and upgrade it. That way, he could quickly reach the Undying Realm. It was a good idea, but it would cause too much of a commotion.

Moreover, he was too vengeful. If he wanted to enjoy the feeling of being trampled on, he should be more vicious and turn Zhou Yuhao into a puppet. Take action immediately and don't dawdle. "Gu Chensha shook his head.