Chapter 857
===========

One Second Remember 09, to provide you with exciting reading. Chapter 854: Dragon Less Gourd

Gu Chensha was able to refine the position of True God from the sacrifices of the people because he was strong enough to interfere with the Heavenly Dao. The position of True God could not be refined from chaotic energy. In other words, the position of True God could only be refined by the Heavenly Dao from the human heart. Chaos had its flaws too.

Gu Tanjian was the most cunning one. He was constantly sensing the movements of the Divine Continent.

In an instant, he felt the birth of 360 True Gods. He immediately felt some kind of message from the unseen world. He was scared out of his wits and left first.

"What? Gu Chensha devoured Dragon Gate and Jin Heavenly King! "

Xuan Xin was almost moaning. His face was filled with despair. This time, he used the power of the Four Wilds to launch the calamity. "Why do we fail every time? Is Gu Chensha really so strong?"

"Let's go. If we don't leave now, it will be too late. Gu Chensha devoured Dragon Gate. It will take him a long time to digest it. But he is getting stronger and stronger. By then, it will not be difficult for him to suppress the Four Wilds." Jing Qiu could not hold it in anymore. He moved and tore the space apart, escaping.

Although Xuan Xin was unwilling, there was nothing he could do. At this time, Gu Changjian and Gu Huo joined hands with Xuan Xin and left. A war that had started a great calamity had actually ended up with nothing.

The palace returned to normal. Peacock heaved a sigh of relief. She secretly activated the Mother Formation. "Very good. With the help of this calamity, I have successfully obtained the mother nature of heaven and earth. This Mother Formation can finally be perfected. When I return, I will fight for the position of the overlord of the demon race. I will subdue countless demon experts and finally obtain the true position of the Lord of the Demon Realm. No matter what, the future Lord of the Demon Realm will be equal to the Heavenly Kings. [0↑ 9 △ Small ↓ Say △ Net .09 】” She moved and was about to take the Mother Formation away. But the Mother Formation did not move.

As she continued to retract her power, the formation pushed her power out. Then, the entire Heavenly Mother Formation turned into a stream of light and disappeared.

The Heavenly Mother Formation fell into the Divine Land Gourd and became a catalyst for Gu Chensha to merge with the Primeval Dragon Sect.

Gu Chensha had condensed the throne of True Divinity for all three hundred and sixty Great Marshals of the common people, and the control of the Immortal Tranquility Department over the world was unprecedentedly strengthened. In an instant, these Great Marshals of the common people immediately began to do one thing, and that was to unite and find all the people who had reincarnated from the stars, and then gather them under Zhuge Ya's command.

In the past, the Tranquil Immortal Department had been monitoring them in secret, allowing them to develop naturally. Now that the world had changed, and these people who were reincarnated from the stars were still appearing in an endless stream, they had to be subdued. If they didn't submit, they would be stripped of their source energy and reduced to mortals.

This was the policy change of the Tranquil Immortal Department. It was ruthless. Even the Heavenly King of Jin, Chu Feng, was reduced to a mortal, let alone the people who had reincarnated from the stars.

"I've worked so hard, but it's all for the Tranquil Immortal Department …" Peacock was filled with regret, but there was nothing she could do. The Tranquil Immortal Department was too powerful, especially Gu Chensha, who had actually devoured the Heavenly King of Jin and the Primeval Dragon Sect. Next, it was likely that the process of him ruling over the world would truly begin.

Inside the Divine Land Gourd, all the higher-ups gathered together again. They were all around Gu Chensha.

Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, Gu Huasha, Heavenly Lord of Martial Arts, Wen Hong, Longevity God, Chang Weiyang, Chang Yuzhou, Tai Xuandu and Tai Mang Di, King of Common Life, Long Yuyun, Yu Hanlu, Yuhuan Lu, Long Zaifei, Little Godson, Yi Ming, Yi Zheng, the reincarnated Deity of Five Seasons, Liu Yu, and the others were all gathered together. They were all looking at the changes that were happening to Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha sat cross-legged. Many of the powers in his body were squirming and changing. Finally, the remnant of the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique stabilized. There were billions of runes in the remnant, and they vaguely formed a throne. This was the final throne of immortality. The head on the throne vaguely emitted a supreme aura. However, this throne was incomplete. There were parts missing here and there, showing that Gu Chensha's power was insufficient.

"This is the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven?" Lou Baiyue asked in astonishment.

"It's more or less the same. I am deducing the true power of the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven. Originally, I had already cultivated the Heavenly Dao Technique and possessed some of the authority of the Heavenly Dao. However, this is still not enough. Now that I have swallowed the Dragon Gate of Prehistoric Desolation, it caused the Divine Prefecture Gourd to completely expand. Moreover, there are 3000 True Gods continuously offering sacrifices. I have already deduced half of the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique. With this power, I can condense the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven!

In the future, I will definitely be able to compete with the true Emperor Of Heaven for the throne. "

Gu Chensha said, "Now, I will impart these Dragonless Mental Cultivation Techniques to you. You can cultivate this mental cultivation technique and extract all kinds of immortal substances from the human heart. You can even condense the throne of the True Gods. Your hearts are all very powerful. You can offer sacrifices to yourself. The power of the sacrifices can be used by yourself. This is the supreme secret of the heart."

As he spoke, Gu Chensha transmitted the will of the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique that he had comprehended into everyone's sea of consciousness.

After everyone received this mental cultivation technique, they immediately felt as if they had been reborn.

"Hahahaha … So that's how it is!"

Wen Hong's body suddenly changed. His body emitted the aura of an Empyrean. He had actually broken through to the Empyrean level. He was originally the Son of Heaven, the identity of the Son of Heaven. In the future, after the Heavenly Court was established, he would even be the Lord of the Human World. This identity and luck were even greater than Zhuge Ya's ascension to the Empyrean level. Bang …

With his body as the center, the surrounding space first shattered. Then, from his body, streams of aura slowly condensed and condensed into the throne of the True Gods. He actually began to condense his own throne of the True Gods.

"Wonderful."

Wen Hong said, "Your incomplete Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique has just come out, and you can already seize the fortune of the Heavenly Dao. You can use your own spirit power to condense the immortal throne of the True Gods. If you complete it, you can really condense the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven. You can stand on equal footing with the Heavenly Dao and finally transform the common people. Surpassing the Heavenly Dao.

However, now that you have devoured the Primordial Dragon Gate, if you want to completely comprehend the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Technique, you will probably have to devour the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman, the Hongmeng Tree, and finally the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven. Only then will you have the upper hand. "

"That's right. The throne of the Emperor Of Heaven must be devoured. Recently, there are still some reincarnated people with endless treasures that have yet to appear."

Gu Chensha said, "I haven't collected the Boundless Heart, the Boundless Sword, the Boundless Saber, and the Boundless River. In addition, you guys have to pay close attention to the whereabouts of the other reincarnated people." "We have been keeping a close watch on this."

Lou Baiyue suddenly said, "That's right. Right now, Regal Propria's golden plate is still in our hands. It is the strongest treasure left behind by His Majesty. It has repeatedly helped our Calming Immortal Department to escape from disaster. Now that our Calming Immortal Department has developed to such a scale, the contribution of this golden plate cannot go unnoticed. You can analyze and research it. Perhaps you can fuse it and make the Divine Land Gourd's power reach its limit. " "I already know the effects of Regal Propria's golden plate."

Gu Chensha waved his hand and said, "Baiyue, carry it with you. Don't leave it carelessly. This golden plate was bestowed to you by His Majesty. Your identity is extremely special. Because of this identity, you will most likely face great difficulties in the future. However, this golden plate can make your tribulation disappear completely. It can even allow your cultivation to advance further and fuse with the source of your special identity. This is something I comprehended after devouring the Wild Dragon Sect." "My identity is special? What exactly is it? "Lou Baiyue's gaze suddenly turned sharp." Could it be? "

"If my guess is correct, you have the source of the Empress of Heaven hidden in your body. In other words, you are the person chosen by the Empress of Heaven, the Emperor Of Heaven. The Empress of Heaven controls the future of the Heavenly Court and the infinite space-time of the myriad worlds. Her status is so noble that it surpasses that of the Lord of the Sun and Moon."

At this time, Gu Chensha had already entered an immeasurable realm. No one could see what his cultivation level was. Between heaven and earth, the future and the present, there seemed to be nothing he couldn't see through.

"The Empress of Heaven!"

Lou Baiyue thought for a while and then said slowly and calmly, "No wonder I feel that I can't break through to the Celestial Master Realm. So that's why. But I can't find out where the source of the Empress of Heaven is hiding.

If I find it, I can extract it, subdue and refine it. The Empress of Heaven is nothing to me. For me, the source of the Empress of Heaven should only be used as a resource. If you want to use it to control my fate, that's just wishful thinking … "

"The source of the Empress of Heaven is not to be underestimated. But for us, it is also a good thing."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Right now, the source of the Empress of Heaven might not be awake. Of course, that's just my guess. Maybe the Empress of Heaven is someone else, but you should be careful. Also, if the Empress of Heaven's source really is on you, then the Emperor Heaven will come looking for you. He will take the Empress of Heaven's source from you, or completely transform you. Either way, we must refine the Empress of Heaven's source for our own use.

But as long as I become a Celestial Master, I can sense where the Empress of Heaven's source is hiding. I can extract it, erase the mark, and refine the Empress of Heaven's source into a treasure for you to use. "

Lou Baiyue nodded. "That way, my cultivation base will increase, and in the future, I will be able to better control the situation. If Gu Tiansha can control the source of the Lord of the Sun and Moon, then I can control the Empress of Heaven's source." "Now that I've become a Celestial Master, there are many things I can do."

Wen Hong said. "I have a new idea about how to govern the world and develop the Four Wilds. Although the source of the Four Wilds has fallen into the hands of others, we can still take it back.

Chensha, the most important thing now is to take the heart of the Four Wilds. The Four Wilds are the foundation of the Divine Prefecture. If we take it, we can weaken the power of the Heavenly Court in the future. " "There's no rush to take the heart of the Four Wilds. You can go and prepare."

Gu Chensha stood up. "I devoured the Prehistoric Dragon Gate. The Divine Prefecture Gourd can be called the Dragonless Gourd." Mobile users, please browse M. Read for a better reading experience.