Chapter 335
===========

"The situation in the court has stabilized, and the Crown Prince has also been confirmed. Consort Ming controls the Upper Study and keeps the Crown Prince in check, but they also act as each other's horns. This prevents the court from being dominated by one family and having the power to balance each other.

It is also able to pool ideas and develop in many ways. Prince doesn't have to worry, the rear is very stable. "The Third River Earl expressed his opinion.

"Oh?

So this is how the Third River Earl understands. "Gu Chensha played with the teacup." Then, does the Third River Earl think that Consort Ming and the Crown Prince are truly doing this for the court? " "It doesn't matter if they are sincere or not," the Third River Earl said.

"Sitting in that position is not up to others. Even if you ascend to the throne, you have to work for the welfare of the people. Otherwise, your reputation will be ruined.

This is order. No matter who you are, even if you are a monster, as long as you sit in that position, you have to change yourself because of the position. " "The Third River Earl's words are correct."

Gu Chensha nodded. "This is your opinion, and it is indeed unique. However, the current order and laws of the court are far from this level. The influence of the people in the world cannot be decisive. If one or a few people go against the law, it is enough to cause the world to return to a chaotic era."

"Prince's concerns are not without reason, but this matter is not something we officials can control. Since the Emperor has appointed Consort Ming and the Crown Prince, then the Emperor must have his reasons," the Third River Earl said.

"Let's not talk about the Crown Prince and Consort Ming." Gu Chensha waved his hand. "What does the Third River Earl think of Gu Tanjian?"

"An ambitious person will definitely cause chaos in the world," the Third River Earl said decisively.

"What?"

Gu Chensha was shocked. "You are a member of the Heng Family, and Gu Tanjian is the Eldest Prince's heir. You are both part of the Heng Family. Aren't you afraid that someone will hear your comments?" "I am just speaking the truth."

The Third River Earl was very calm. "Although my wife is a member of the Heng Family, the matters of the court are the matters of the world. How can I lose the bigger picture because of a small matter?

The emperor had always been very disappointed in the Heng Family and hated the eldest prince for not living up to expectations.

Concubine Ming and the second prince are both highly regarded by His Majesty, but Gu Zingjian has been left idle. From this, we can guess some clues. However, Gu Zingjian has actually recruited all the other princes and formed a huge faction. This shows that his ambition is clear, and he will definitely cause chaos in the world. "

No matter how incompetent Wu Dangkong and the Second Prince were, they were still conferred the title by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Gu Tanjian was different. He had always been in the wilderness, but his power was greater than any of the other factions. This made many people in the imperial court unhappy. Because he didn't follow the rules and had no order.

If those in the wilderness could control the people in the imperial court, then what was the point of the imperial court?

"With Earl San's words, I can feel much more at ease. Earl San is currently in the Upper Study Room, in charge of managing the world's financial expenditures and some matters. I can cooperate more with the Celestial Tranquility Department." Gu Chensha stood up. He didn't want to talk any further with Earl San.

After talking for a while, he already had a rough idea of Count Three River's philosophy and standpoint.

"Farewell, Your Highness." Earl San was also very direct. Gu Chensha's figure flickered slightly and disappeared.

After a few dozen breaths, a butler hurriedly walked in. "Old Master, Prince Heng's heir has sent someone to inquire about you."

"Good method, finding out so quickly." Earl San's expression turned extremely cold. "It seems that there are still spies in my residence." Gu Chensha left Earl San's residence and returned to the Celestial Tranquility Department.

There were people in charge of the Celestial Tranquility Department now, mainly his foster son, Yi Ming, Yi Zheng, the green and white snakes, Yu Hanlu, Long Yuyun, Long Zaifei, Lou Huaiyue, and the others.

They were originally the backbone of the department, and after going through the Common People's Wish Sphere's cleansing, expanding their sea of consciousness and improving their aptitude, their cultivations had increased by a lot.

Especially Long Zaifei and Lou Huaiyue, they were peerless geniuses and could handle the situation of the Celestial Tranquility Department with ease. Their cultivations had also reached the Ten Transformations of the Dao Realm.

The one with the highest realm was Yi Zheng. He was the archbishop of Hell Serpent God Temple, and his status was similar to Yuan Shasheng's. He was captured by Grand Tutor Wen Hong and then given to Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue. His mind was controlled and he became a slave.

Now, Lou Baiyue and Zhuge Ya controlled the Common People's Wish Sphere to cleanse his evil thoughts and convert him. He broke through and formed a Great Dao Golden Core.

He was an expert at the Seventeenth Transformation of the Dao Realm, Splitting Soul Division, and one of his souls had even taken over Chongyang Xuan Sect's peerless genius Li Yaoyang.

"King, you are back?" When Gu Chensha landed in the Celestial Tranquility Department, everyone sensed it and hurried over to greet him.

"How has the Celestial Tranquility Department been doing recently?" Gu Chensha asked Long Zaifei.

He had high hopes for Long Zaifei. This kid had the bloodline of the Dragon God and Ocean God, and it was slowly being activated. He had completed many missions in the Celestial Path and was slowly making a name for himself.

"Reporting to Your Highness, the Calming Immortal Department has recently received the support of many second and third-rate immortal dao sects. There are even some disciples from the seventy-two mystic sects who have secretly contacted us. Our business has increased by three to five times.

Long Zaifei reported, "Apart from that, the Crown Prince has sent people to buy things from our Celestial Tranquility Department. It seems like he wants to build a good relationship with us. Mister Zhuge has already written a letter to the Crown Prince."

Second Prince Gu Xuansha had been the Crown Prince for two months. At that time, Gu Chensha had been refining the Skeleton Demon Emperor in his body, so he didn't know much about what was happening in the Imperial Court.

After talking for a while, Gu Chensha already knew the situation in the Imperial Court like the back of his hand. He knew how the Celestial Tranquility Department operated and many things within the Celestial Path.

"Your Highness, His Highness the Crown Prince has just sent someone to deliver an invitation. He invites you to his residence for a chat." It was Luo Xiu.

Luo Xiu was the sect master of the Three Polarity Sect. He had been persuaded by Jin Suibo to join the Celestial Tranquility Department, and was now a capable general.

However, he hadn't made the wrong move. Ever since he had joined the Celestial Tranquility Department, he had received enormous benefits. This was especially true in the past year. Zhuge Ya had become the Lord of Seven Stars, and Jin Suibo had become the Lord of Five Stars. They had given him a few things to help him break through his bottleneck.

"I'm still sitting here, and Second Brother already knows. You're really well-informed."

Gu Chensha accepted the invitation. "I also want to meet this Second Brother who hasn't appeared in the Imperial Court in over ten years, and then immediately became the Crown Prince." He gave a few instructions, then set off for the Crown Prince's residence.

The Crown Prince's residence was located in the Imperial Palace, in the center of the capital city. Up a flight of white jade steps, one could see the white clouds in the sky. The Crown Prince's residence was located in the east.

The Imperial Palace was a magical treasure, not an ordinary structure. From this, it was possible to see how powerful the Grand Eternal Dynasty had been. At the same time, the Imperial Palace itself was incredibly powerful, even more so than the Buzhou Palace.

Nominally, it had been built by the Celestial Designer Institution, but in truth, it had been left behind by Grand Emperor Heavenly Talisman.

The defensive power of the Imperial Palace was in no way inferior to some of the secret locations of the seventy-two Immortal Dao Sects.

Gu Chensha ascended the white jade steps and quickly arrived at the Crown Prince's residence on the east side. Numerous handmaidens paced back and forth within the palace, and flowerbeds forged from white jade were filled with flowers that never wilted. This was the Heavenly Palace.

In front of the residence, the Second Prince Gu Xuansha, the current Crown Prince, was already waiting at the door to greet Gu Chensha.

"Greetings, Crown Prince." Gu Chensha bowed. Etiquette was a must.

"Don't."

Before he bowed, Gu Xuansha held him up and said, "My brother is now in charge of the Tranquil Fairy Department and has been given a gold medal by my father. You don't need to bow to me. Besides, we don't need so much etiquette between us." Gu Xuansha smiled as if he hadn't seen his brother for many years and had missed him very much.

"Second Brother is now the Crown Prince, above us. Etiquette is necessary." Gu Chensha still insisted on saluting.

"You and I have something to talk about. Come in with me." Gu Xuansha led the way.

The two entered the depths of the Crown Prince's residence one after another. Gu Xuansha sent away all his attendants and guards, leaving the two in the secret chamber.

"Second Brother is really amazing. If I guess right, in the Bottomless Sea of Sin, I have to thank you and Wu Dangkong for driving the demons, which saved me a lot of time to condense the Heavenly Demon Tree." Gu Chensha's words had a double meaning. Of course, he knew that Gu Xuansha was plotting against him.

"Nineteenth Brother, you may have guessed wrong. I have never been to the Bottomless Sea of Sin, nor have I cooperated with Wu Dangkong." Gu Xuansha lied without any shame.

"So I guessed wrong?"

Gu Chensha also pretended not to know and no longer entangled in this topic. "Second Brother, why did you come to me this time? Do you want to share the house with our Tranquil Fairy Department? "

"We are brothers. Let's not beat around the bush." Gu Xuansha said, "Nineteenth Brother, what do you think about me being the Crown Prince?"

"In terms of strength, cultivation, and ability, Second Brother is the most suitable. Father has a keen eye. Seventh Brother, First Brother, Third Brother, and Tenth Brother are still far behind Second Brother. If I guess right, Second Brother's current cultivation is probably at the 21st Transformation of the Dao Realm. Soon, he will reach the 22nd Transformation of the Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth," Gu Chensha said.

"Nineteenth Brother, you're truly perceptive. I can see that you've reached the seventeenth transformation, the Dao-Splitting Divinity Separation. You've cultivated three Nascent Divinities, and you'll soon reach the Golden Core of the Great Dao. You've already surpassed Fourth Brother, and your talent is above mine.

In fact, you should be the Crown Prince. "Gu Xuansha did not exaggerate when he said that. He was extremely afraid of Gu Chensha. With Gu Chensha's current cultivation, he might not lose to him if he fought with him. There was a gap of four realms between them. If they were in the same realm, Gu Xuansha would not be a match for Gu Chensha at all.

"Father chose Second Brother, so it must be the right choice."

Gu Chensha would not believe what his second brother said. "In the future, no matter what Second Brother wants to do, as his younger brother, I will definitely fully support him."