Chapter 543
===========

"Since the Warlock Saint has started the Spirit Demon Project, he no longer has the right to be a human Saint. As for whether he will harvest the treasures of the Calming Immortal Department, it is still too early to say. It is still uncertain who will harvest who. A few days ago, I heard that the son of Heavenly Lord Victorious Dou, one of the three Heavenly Lords, Dou Nineteen, used the Transformation Fruit technique to harvest a large number of treasures, such as the Hong Meng Holy Pill."

In fact, no one knew that the six treasures the Dharma School had lost were the Hong Meng Holy Pill, the Dharma Tree, the Little Moni Pagoda, the Thunder Temple, the Three World Seal, and the Wanxiang Shattering Rod. As for who had taken it, the biggest suspect was still Dou Nineteen.

"You even know about this. You're very well-informed."

Gu Huansha said, "If you want to work with me to deal with the Dharma School, then don't even think about it. I don't want to make a powerful enemy like the Dharma Saint. "

"I know you won't do anything to the Dharma Saint. You're working with the Dharma Saint too. For example …" Gu Chensha pointed at the vast land to the south of the Two World Peak. There were endless forests, lakes, and grasslands. "We'll train Gu Changjian together and make him the Lord of the Barren Land. He'll receive the blessing of the entire Barren Land and make it a part of his world through rituals. This is a grand plan. Even God Maha wanted to do it, but he didn't succeed." "You even know about this?" Suddenly, a storm brewed in Gu Huansha's brow. It was pure killing intent.

"Sister, you don't care about our bloodline and want to kill me with just a few words?

If father knows about this, I'm afraid he'll take away my right to be in charge of the Heavenly Designer Institute. "

Gu Chensha could sense it. Through the conversation, he could tell Gu Huansha's cultivation level. She was at the twenty-ninth transformation of the Dao State, "Sensing Chaos." She was only one step away from creating her own world and reaching the thirtieth transformation of the Grotto-Heaven, "World Creation." She would then become an immortal. She was definitely the most powerful among the princes and princesses.

Of course, the strongest woman that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor had ever interacted with was the Immortal Lord.

Gu Huansha was the daughter of the Immortal Lord and the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor. Although it was shocking that she had such a powerful cultivation base, it wasn't impossible.

"Brother Chensha, why don't you join me?

Your current cultivation is also extremely exquisite. If you can receive my mother's guidance, won't you be able to advance to the God level very quickly?

Isn't it better than you painstakingly maintaining the Tranquil Immortal Department, managing it miserably? "

Gu Huan Sha suddenly had the intention to rope him in. "To be honest, although the Celestial Tranquility Department has cultivated a Minor Chiliocosm and is considered outstanding, it is not worth mentioning when compared to the true great forces. My mother has long cultivated a Minor Chiliocosm and has begun to advance towards a Greater Chiliocosm. The power she possesses is not something you can imagine. Even the Dharma Saint is making all kinds of preparations. In a few days, all the Dharma Realms will be able to transform into a true Minor Chiliocosm, comparable to the Black Heaven Earth Gate. At that time, it will basically be impossible for you to deal with the Legalists. " Gu Chensha knew that what Gu Huansha said was the truth.

The Legalists had 13 God level experts and the Dharma Saint overseeing things. In terms of high-end combat power, putting aside the fact that the Legalists far surpassed the Celestial Tranquility Department, the consolidation of a God level expert's world wasn't something that non-Deity level experts could compare to.

Let alone an old monster like the Dharma Saint who was close to the three great Heavenly Venerables. Just a breath of his would produce world power that was comparable to the Celestial Tranquility Department's accumulation for a long time.

Even if the Celestial Tranquility Department swept through the world, established a Minor Divine Province, roped in billions of people's wish power and oath power, it would still be hard for them to catch up to the Legalists.

Moreover, the Legalists would definitely launch a thunderous attack and ruin the Celestial Tranquility Department's plan to collect wish power.

Once they lost the accumulation of wish power, the Celestial Tranquility Department wouldn't be able to make ends meet and would start to go downhill.

In fact, if the three major factions of the Wu Clan worked together, they would surpass the Celestial Tranquility Department. Just take the Martial Emperor as an example. The construction of a Minor Chiliocosm was equivalent to four to five God level experts. As his cultivation advanced, the construction speed would also get faster.

"Our Celestial Tranquility Department has our own plans, and so does the Immortal Master. That Gu Changjian will definitely end up in a miserable state. I don't want to become the Immortal Master's chess piece." Gu Chensha spoke frankly, "Moreover, the Immortal Master might not be able to help me increase my cultivation." "Little Brother Chensha, you really have a big tone.

I am getting more and more curious about your cultivation. Let's see what you relied on to be able to have such a good reputation.

The Celestial Tranquility Department has a lot of secrets that I want to know too. For example, the puppets of the Common People Marshal. All of them actually have the cultivation of the fifth stage of the True Dragon Technique and are able to evolve the long river of all living things. My mother might have an existence that is stronger than this, but the magic power quality is impossible to achieve. I wonder how you created it? Could it be a method that Emperor Father left behind? "

Gu Huansha suddenly circulated her magic power and wrapped up the entire mountain peak. Meanwhile, Ghost Axe and Divine Craftsman, the two old fogies, retreated and bowed slightly. "Lord and Princess wish to spar. This old subject will protect the two of you." "Why? Emperor Sister wants to spar with me? "Gu Chensha didn't move at all.

"My cultivation realm is much higher than yours. If I spar with you like this, it will be hard to avoid bullying you. Therefore, I will use 10% of my magic power to spar with you."

Gu Huansha said, "I want to see your quality. There is no other reason. I am simply too curious about you." "It seems like I can't use the power of the Minor Chiliocosm?"

Gu Chensha sensed for a moment and noticed that Gu Huansha used a certain artifact to seal up this mountain peak. He actually couldn't sense the power of the Minor Chiliocosm's Common People's Wish sphere. However, if he exerted all his strength, he would be able to forcefully break through. This was because Gu Huansha had underestimated his strength.

"This artifact of mine is called Ancient Immortal Battlefield. It is a fair duel and I don't have a Minor Chiliocosm. If Emperor Brother uses the Minor Chiliocosm's power, won't I lose for sure?" Gu Huansha said, "I just want to see Emperor Brother's cultivation level. I won't hurt you. " "Then, can we have a prize for this duel? Why don't we bet? "Gu Chensha was calm.

"Oh? Bet? " Gu Huansha smiled. "That suits my taste. However, what can Emperor Brother take out?"

"Emperor Sister is interested in my Common People General. How about this, if Emperor Sister wins, I will give all 360 of them to Emperor Sister. How about that? Isn't this a big bet? "Gu Chensha directly took out a big bet.

When she heard that, Gu Huansha's expression changed. She was the daughter of the Celestial Head and had seen all kinds of treasures. However, she was still shocked by Gu Chensha's boldness.

Now, everyone in the world knew that each of the Great Generals of Common People was at the Past Reflection Realm of the 23 Transformations of the Dao Realm. This was a power that could control the world. Basically, 99% of the immortal path sects did not have such a high realm and so many Great Elders, not to mention puppets.

"What is Emperor Sister taking out to bet?"

Gu Chensha said, "Besides that, I don't need Imperial Sister to use a tenth of your strength. Imperial Sister, bring out your full strength. I wonder if Imperial Sister dares to do so?"

"I really underestimated you." Gu Huansha looked at Gu Chensha for a long while before saying, "You are actually so confident?" "Why? You don't dare to bet? "Gu Chensha just sat cross-legged, looking very casual.

"Hahahaha …" Gu Huansha laughed. "I have lived so long and there is nothing I don't dare to do. Emperor Brother, since you are so bold, as your sister, I will naturally accompany you." As she spoke, she took out a space ring. She activated the ring with her magic power and space opened up. Within the space, a set of treasures appeared.

There were 360 pieces in this set of treasures, each with different shapes and sizes. There were sabers, swords, spears, rods, halberds, alms bowls, flags, banners, treasured banners, etc. All of them were different, but when they worked together, they actually formed the number of Heavenly Cycles.

"This set of treasures was obtained by my mother by chance. Rumor has it that it was refined by an ancient deity. It is called the Hundred Treasures Immortal River. Although each treasure is not a divine weapon, it is still very powerful. If they are gathered together to form the Hundred Treasures Immortal River Formation, it can even block the attacks of gods. However, it consumes a lot of magic power. I think this set of treasures can be used to equip the 360 Common People's Generals.

What do you think? "Gu Huansha put the ring on her finger." Emperor Brother, the bet between us today is very heavy.

However, it is in line with my intentions. If we are going to play, let's play bigger. What do you think? "

"Emperor Sister, with your cultivation of 29 Changes and sensing chaos, you are suppressing my cultivation of 23 Changes and Past Reflection. The stakes are actually the same? Is this reasonable?

Moreover, the value of your Hundred Treasures Immortal River doesn't seem to be as high as my 360 Common People's Generals. "

Gu Chensha knew right away that within the Hundred Treasures Immortal River, each treasure could be compared to Lightning Slayer, Flame Slayer, and the other swords. They were top grade Celestial Artifacts. However, these Celestial Artifacts had their downsides. One had to have strong spiritual power to activate them, otherwise, one would be harmed instead.

Not only did the Common People's Generals have huge potential, but they also had their own intellect and thoughts. They could help to do things. As for the development and construction of the sect, these Celestial Artifacts were useless.

Of course, if the 360 Common People's Generals obtained this set of treasures, they could increase their strength. Each of them could even have the strength of an Undying Body cultivator. Their control over the world would greatly increase.

Moreover, Gu Chensha had a way to obtain these treasures. After he obtained them, he could let the Wish Tree swallow them and refine the Common People's Generals. That way, the effects would be even better.

"Does Emperor Brother want me to increase the stakes?" Gu Huansha frowned.

"Of course. Not mentioning the huge difference in strength, the stakes are also huge. This battle isn't very fair."

Gu Chensha said, "Of course, I don't care. But if Emperor Sister thinks that her face is worth it, then I don't care."