Chapter 172
===========

Soon, Gu Chensha returned to his fief home. The castle was still the same, but the construction had sped up. Many roads leading into the pass had been built, and cultivated farmland had appeared around it. Instead of ordinary rice, the Golden Jade Tooth Rice cultivated by the Heaven Palace Sect was planted. This rice was sweet and soft, with very few impurities. It was exclusively used by nobles. The weather in the wilderness was actually very suitable for planting this rice, but no one had dared to cultivate it here before.

Planting this rice required experts to take care of it. Even the surrounding farmland had to be arranged to allow the Spiritual Qi to gather, but it also took a lot of manpower.

But after Gu Chensha had recruited the Dragon Sword Island and the Baoyu Nation, his fief had become full of power.

Especially these days, Jade Frost Dew and Long Yuyun, under his protection, had stepped into the Yongchō officialdom. They were like fish in water, quickly expanding their influence, and began to import all kinds of talents and resources into his fief. At this time, the power of Gu Chensha's fief had almost surpassed that of the other princes. He landed in the study room in the center of the castle. The soil of the entire castle had turned purple. It was very beautiful, like a ripe rose.

The walls had also turned purple. A slight knock would make a distant sound, and a pinch would make it indestructible. This was the characteristic of the Black Tortoise's Nest: sturdy and vigorous.

In nine places in the castle, nine magic treasures were constantly emitting a strong aura. These days of nourishment had caused these treasures to begin to transform.

In the martial arts practice hall of the castle, many soldiers were practicing. They were using the White Tiger Gold Saber, but this saber had also turned purple. After a long period of nourishment, this saber had been reborn and had become a treasure.

"Yi Ming." Gu Chensha called out. Yi Ming hurried upstairs. "Master, you're back." "Did anything big happen in the fief while I was away?" "Everything was in order, but there was some good news.

Liu Yu and the other four took the troops and horses with Long Zaifei to conquer the new barbarian tribe, expand their territory, and build there. They captured about 200,000 barbarian slaves and a lot of resources. "Yi Ming said," Long Zaifei has broken through to the seventh change of the Dao Realm, so he attacked. " "So fast." Gu Chensha said, "As expected of a peerless genius." "Master, do you have any other orders?" Yi Ming was extremely respectful.

"Now that the fief is bigger, it's hard for you and Yizi to manage everything, but you can let San Xiang manage a part of it." Gu Chensha instructed, "You don't need to guard against these three women anymore."

"But, this San Xiang is Lou Baiyue's subordinate. I'm afraid it's not appropriate for this woman to be involved." Yi Ming hurriedly advised.

"It's fine. I made a lot of agreements with Lou Baiyue when I went out this time, so I'll be fine."

Gu Chensha said, "This San Xiang has her own temperament and her aptitude is excellent. She belongs to the category of geniuses. If we don't make good use of her, wouldn't it be a waste of our efforts?" "Yes."

Seeing that Gu Chensha had a card up his sleeve, Yiming did not say anything else. He also knew that this master of his was scheming before taking action. He was unfathomable and definitely had his own plans.

"Alright, I'm going into seclusion. Stand guard outside and don't let anyone in." Gu Chensha waved his hand. Yi Ming hurriedly left. At this moment, Gu Chensha sat cross-legged, facing the Black Tortoise egg.

First, he activated his Qi and blood and drew runes on the Black Tortoise egg so that the baby Black Tortoise inside could wake up again.

He and Lou Baiyue had been cultivating together. Their blood had fused and they had advanced by two realms. Now, the concentration of the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood was much higher than before. Drawing a rune once was equivalent to drawing a rune ten times before.

After drawing the rune, he closed his eyes and began to cultivate. He inhaled and exhaled, integrating everything he had learned recently.

The fusion with Lou Baiyue's blood essence, the structure of the Great Massacre Divine Technique, the fist technique of the Buzhou Dao, and various other things came one after another, almost making his head explode.

However, he gradually emptied his mind and began to use the Clumsy Fist as the core. Then, he had a pillar of support.

Others did not have their own Dao, but he had comprehended the Clumsy Fist, which meant that he had a foundation. With this as the core, he would not be lost in the vast number of techniques. Any other techniques, including the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art, had to serve the Clumsy Fist.

An inexplicable airflow rose in his Dantian. This airflow was clumsy, ignorant, and staggering, but it had an unwavering will and the spirit of a foolish old man moving a mountain. No matter how humble it was, there was still hope. Even a single spark could set the whole world ablaze. This was the clumsiness. Gu Chensha's painstaking cultivation was the birth of this.

He calculated and perfected his Clumsy Fist. It was extremely difficult and crude. He was not a genius, nor was he a smart person. He was just a stupid person who did not hesitate to improve himself.

He was deducing the Nine Methods of Clumsy Fist that he calculated when he was cultivating with Lou Baiyue.

The Clumsy Formula, the Stupid Formula, the Foolish Formula, the Bitter Formula, the Dull Formula, the Crazy Formula, the Dull Formula, and the Pedantic Formula! The Clumsy Formula! He wrote these nine words over and over again.

These nine words represented all the ordinary people in the secular world. Everyone was ignorant, ignorant of heaven and earth, and didn't know the Great Dao. Although the world had already been created, the souls of the mortal world were still living in chaos, muddling through life. This was his enlightenment.

As the Clumsy Fist Dao was gradually perfected, the Qi and blood in his body surged, and the visualization in his mind became clearer.

The Nine Methods of Clumsy Fist were like nine pillars that supported heaven and earth in his mind. Other skills such as the Great Spirit God Fist, the Chaotic Demon Book, and even the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art, the Great Massacre God Technique, the Dragon Cultivation Technique, and the Buzhou Dao were also imprinted in the Nine Methods of Clumsy Fist.

In the depths of his mind, the nine words propped up the chaos and stood between heaven and earth. This was the supreme Dao of his soul. His own Dao.

After settling on the Dao, the chaotic martial arts began to circulate rhythmically, intertwining and nourishing the Nine Methods.

Gu Chensha was not in a hurry. He repeatedly thought about the circulation, summarizing the gains and losses. The Qi and blood in his body and soul were in a budding state. His whole body was full of energy, about to break through.

The Qi that gathered in his body's orifices had long condensed into a five-colored crystal. It was extremely powerful, and under the impact of his Qi and blood, it was about to fuse into another existence. That was the Innate Gang Qi. But he knew that it would be really tough to break through this stage.

It wasn't that he didn't accumulate enough, but that he didn't use the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art to break through. He used his own Clumsy Fist Dao to do so.

It was like climbing a mountain. Naturally, it was quick to follow the path that the ancient people carved out. But to open the path himself was extremely difficult. It was hard to walk, but it was even harder to open the path. Other people's cultivation was like walking the path, but Gu Chensha was opening the path.

He breathed in and out, returning the Qi to his dantian. Although he was much stronger, he wasn't able to break through to Dao Realm Six Transformation and form the Xiantian Gang Qi.

If he used the Son of Heaven's Investiture Art to break through, he could break through in one strike. But using the Clumsy Fist Dao to break through, he hadn't reached that realm. He wasn't in a rush.

Three days and three nights later, he opened his eyes and exhaled. He heard a voice in his ear, "Your cultivation actually reached such a stage. What kind of fortuitous encounter did you have during these few days?

A few days ago, you were just at Dao Realm Three Transformation. Now, you are at Peak Five Transformation and can break through to Xiantian Gang Qi at any moment. " The voice belonged to Bao Ming 'er.

"So, it is Fairy. I did head out these few days and didn't listen to your lecture." Gu Chensha stood up right away, "Since Fairy is here to ask me, then let me tell you a secret." "What secret?" Bao Ming 'er was interested, "Tell me about it." "Princess Yuefu and I went to the Bone Burial Land." Gu Chensha said on purpose.

"What did you say?

Bao Ming 'er was shocked. "What on earth did you discover? It's a burial ground surrounded by poisonous fog that doesn't dissipate all year round and has countless cracks in space and time?" "Lou Baiyue and I noticed that Buzhou Palace has appeared."

Gu Chensha threw out a bombshell of news. "I met Yuan Shasheng, Heng Budong, and Li Wangsheng on the way. The three of them colluded with each other. Other than that, I also contacted the Barbarian Sovereign. I heard their conversation. It turns out that Li Wanlong and the Barbarian Saint Heng discussed a world-shaking conspiracy." "Li Wanlong!" Bao Ming 'er was also shocked, "Buzhou Palace has appeared?

That is the supreme divine weapon that suppresses the Bone Burial Land. Once it appears and is obtained by the evil spirits, countless demons and ghosts will come out of the Bone Burial Land. When that happens, the world will be in chaos. "

"The world will not be in chaos," Gu Chensha smiled, "With Father around, the Bone Burial Land will turn into ashes with a flip of his hand."

"That is true." Bao Ming 'er nodded, "His Majesty's power can cover the sky, but isn't he in seclusion now?

Your Highness's fief is the first to bear the brunt of the attack. If it is attacked by the demons, I am afraid that many days of effort will be wasted. " "That is what I am worried about."

Gu Chensha sighed, "That's right, I received Princess Yuefu's help this time. She actually helped me subdue six thousand-year-old bone demons. They are strong, but their intelligence is low. How should I use them?"

As he spoke, he released the six thousand-year-old bone demons. At the same time, he picked up some metal essences from the Bone Burial Land.

"They are all good materials."

Bao Ming 'er nodded and looked at the thousand-year-old bone demons. Her eyes were filled with shock, "The Great Massacre God Technique is so strong. She subdued six thousand-year-old bone demons just like that. These bone demons are equivalent to experts of the Dao Realm Eight or Nine Transformations. They should have swallowed many skeletons' soul fires. "

Bao Ming 'er's eyes were sharp, and she could almost deduce the process of refining them just by looking at the treasures. "Unfortunately, the Great Massacre God Technique is strong, but Princess Yuefu is not proficient in refining treasures. That is why the six thousand-year-old bone demons were unable to unleash their true power."

"These six bone demons can be considered supreme-grade artifact forging materials in the Profound Immortal Dao Sect." Gu Chensha understood.

"Yes, even antiques above the Dao Realm Twenty Transformations would fight for these thousand-year-old bone demons. They are rare materials for refining puppets." Bao Ming 'er stood with her hands behind her back, "You took them out because you want me to refine some treasure for you, right?" "I don't want them, I just want to share them with you."

Gu Chensha said, "After all, I am a King. If I raise these puppets, it will be bad for my reputation. If I let you use them, it will be fine. Anyway, you have already opened a shop here. Let's build a fief together and use these six puppets. It will save us a lot of trouble."