Chapter 388
===========

As the Common People's Wish ball wriggled, the Demon Emperors within screamed out in pain.

But Zhuge Ya didn't move at all. If any of the Demon Emperors went to the mortal world, they would be able to destroy cities and kill millions of people.

The weakest one, the Skeleton Demon Emperor, was at Golden Core Realm, so it wasn't a problem for them to cause chaos in the world.

If they charged out, even if they could suppress them, many people would die. It would be a devastating blow to a prefecture, a province, or even a state.

The current God Prefecture Imperial Court system was actually a little weak and lacked the ability to fight against such high-end combat strength.

Think about it, for example, Jing Prefecture Governor Han Wuqin was at Dao Realm Four or Five Transformations. With Gu Chensha's help, he was only able to reach Dao Realm Six Transformations.

Even if there were 100 of them, they would be wiped out by an 18 Transformation Great Dao Golden Core with the flick of a finger.

Of course, even in the Demon Region, these Demon Emperors and Demon Emperors were considered top-notch combat strength. Usually, they wouldn't come out easily.

Zhuge Ya calculated that as long as they survived the current crisis, in another hundred years or even a few hundred years, the officials of the Eternal Dynasty of the Divine Prefecture would definitely all be at the level of Golden Core of the Great Path of Eighteen Color Changes or Twenty Color Changes of Impermanence.

But the biggest danger was that these demons wanted to charge out of the Bottomless Sea of Sin and cause chaos in the world.

To Zhuge Ya, the Celestial Path, Barbarian Race, Monster Race, and even the Great Wei Dynasty weren't much of a threat. The Celestial Path wouldn't openly kill civilians. The Barbarian Race's combat strength couldn't be compared to the Great Yong Army. The Monster Race hid deep in the mountains and forests, so their numbers were greatly reduced. As for the Great Wei Dynasty, that was a human civilization. Even if they came, they wouldn't start a massacre. They would just conquer, manage, and integrate.

Zhuge Ya wanted to merge the Great Wei Dynasty into the Yongchō and in the end, they wouldn't be separated. They would form a giant Imperial Court. Peace and mutual development would be the foundation, causing the luck of humans to increase.

Only the demons of the Demon Region would kill and eat humans once they appeared. In ancient times, there were even demons who kept humans as livestock.

"These demons must die."

Under Zhuge Ya's magic power, even the Skull Black Demon Emperor let out a blood-curdling scream. The Heavenly Demon Relic that he transformed into was instantly shattered. They were transformed into nutrients and injected into the Touch of the Demon and God tree.

His cultivation was already at Dao Realm 21 Transformation, Body Transforming into Five Elements. Very soon, he was about to break through to Phenomenon of Heaven and Earth. But with his talent, realm didn't mean much to him. Even Jing Qiu was completely defeated by him. Fa Wuxian wanted to hide when he heard that he was born.

After a full seven days and seven nights, the Ghost-God's Touch tree seemed to have absorbed all six Demon Emperors and Demon Emperor Skull Black. It even absorbed some of their demonic treasures.

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue didn't need those demonic treasures at all. They were thrown into the ball together for the tree to absorb and purify. Ka-cha!

The Touch of Ghost and God tree, which covered a radius of several hundred kilometers, was absorbing the vital energy from the sphere in a frenzy, as if it was trying to steal away all the vitality.

Originally, the Common People's Wish sphere had accumulated a large amount of energy, spiritual energy, celestial energy, and also star power. But at that moment, it was all taken away.

The entire desolate world inside actually became silent. The soil, which seemed to be filled with the fragrance of the stars, actually turned into yellow sand. The mountains, rivers, and land, all the plants died. Even the Black Tortoise and Vermilion Bird babies' lifeforce was nearly sucked away.

Zhuge Ya sighed, "The Heaven Demon Tree is really overbearing. The ancient Demon Dao follows the law of the jungle. The moment the Heaven Demon Tree was born, it sucked away the lifeforce. If not for the Common People's Wish sphere crazily absorbing and accumulating energy, it wouldn't have been enough. If the birth of this tree failed, then all our hard work would have been for nothing. "

The moment the Heaven Demon Tree was born, it displayed the ancient Demon Dao's Plunder Dao. It sucked away the lifeforce of an area, turning it into a land of death.

"Immortal, come!"

Zhuge Ya saw the Touch of Ghost and God tree finish absorbing the accumulated energy from the Common People's Wish sphere. It began to shrink, covering a radius of several hundred kilometers. After a few hours, it actually shrank to only a few dozen kilometers. It had shrunk by ten times.

He immediately used his own strength to forcefully open the Immortal World. Together with the Common People's Wish sphere, he absorbed the celestial energy without holding back and poured it into the tree. But the tree continued to shrink. After another three days and three nights, the tree only covered a radius of a few kilometers.

Over the past few days, Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, and Hong Wending, who had just joined them, had been killing Massacring Demons in a frenzy. Then, they had inserted their Massacring Demons into the Life's Wish sphere. This barely managed to keep up with the shrinking speed of the tree.

Days passed, and a full three months had passed. Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue had also slaughtered in the Demon Realm for three months. It was now the 22nd year of the Heavenly Talisman.

Countless demons had been killed, but some of the stronger demons had hidden themselves in the Dark Iron Fortress. Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue could only kill the demons that came along the way. It was just a small fight. They killed many ordinary demons, but not a single one had cultivated to the Great Dao Golden Core level. But this also weakened the reinforcements of the demons at the seal. Rumble!

On this day, the tree inside the Common People's Wish sphere had shrunk to a small sapling. There had been many treasures on it, and even the demons and monsters had disappeared. Even the Immortal Slaying God Slaying Flying Knife Gourd had disappeared. They had all been converted into the most basic Essence Qi to help the Heaven Demon Tree's final transformation.

This small sapling was only the length of a finger. It appeared to be black and white, a chaotic color.

"Freeze!"

Seeing this change, Zhuge Ya finally smiled. He shot out a mouthful of Essence Qi, and in an instant, the small sapling trembled. It seemed to be communicating with some mysterious dimension. Remnant wills from the depths of space-time descended and poured into the small sapling.

These were the wills of many ancient demon sages who had fused with the Dao and sensed that the Heaven Demon Tree was about to be born. Buzz … The Common People's Wish sphere trembled, and the Essence fused with the small sapling.

At this moment, the small sapling had completely absorbed the Connate Spiritual Treasure, the Central Wutu Great Virtue Flag, and fused it into itself.

In addition, there were many remnant wills and experiences of the ancient demon race sages in the space-time. All of a sudden, the little sapling seemed to have absorbed an inexplicable energy that did not belong to any space-time. This energy had no color at all. It was chaotic.

"Fusion Elemental Energy." Seeing this, Zhuge Ya finally calmed down. "The Heaven Demon Tree is born?

Although it is a small sapling, as long as it can absorb fusion elemental energy, it will definitely grow. " Fusion Elemental Energy did not belong to any dimension. It was very mysterious. It was rumored that only those who cultivated to the God Realm could sense and absorb it.

Fusion Elemental Energy was very strange. It was the origin and synthesis of everything. From it, one could extract the Five Elements of Metal, Wood, Water, Fire, and Earth. One could also extract Immortal Qi, Spirit Qi, Devil Qi, and many other complicated things.

It was rumored that many worlds were born because of the Chaos Big Bang and the synthesis of the Chaos Elemental Energy. Even the Land of Infinity was born from the Chaos Big Bang.

The biggest sign of the Heaven Demon Tree's birth was that it did not absorb Spirit Qi, Immortal Qi, or the power of the stars. Instead, it absorbed Fusion Elemental Energy as nutrients and then extracted all kinds of treasures from it.

Fusion Elemental Energy could not be directly absorbed by humans. This was because it was a hodgepodge. It had to be refined before anything useful could be obtained.

Moreover, without reaching the God Realm, one could not sense the Chaos Big Bang and could not absorb it.

Now that the Heaven Demon Tree was born and could absorb Fusion Elemental Energy, it meant that this tree actually had the characteristics of a God. Of course, this tree was still extremely weak and had no power. It was like a newborn baby. Even someone with the Nine Transformations Dao Realm Glass Jade Body could take it away.

But as long as this tree continued to absorb Fusion Elemental Energy, it would be refined and grow. Its power and mysteriousness would only increase.

"I have finally cultivated the Heaven Demon Tree. If not for the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, and Black Tortoise bloodline, as well as the Connate Spiritual Treasure and the Central Wutu Great Virtue Flag, the Touch of Demon and God could not have evolved into the Heaven Demon Tree. Of course, the Heaven Demon Book was also included." Zhuge Ya was delighted.

At this moment, the Heaven Demon Tree sapling had completely merged with the Life's Wish sphere. With the Heaven Demon Tree sapling suppressing it, the world within the sphere would become more and more stable in the future.

But now, all the power and vitality in the sphere of Common People's Wish had been extracted. The world was filled with yellow sand, devoid of any vitality. At a glance, it was lifeless, with only the finger-sized Heavenly Demon Tree sapling growing in the center. It looked like it would wither at any moment.

The Heaven Demon Tree was formed, but it didn't have much power now. The original Touch of Demon and God had been refined countless times and had the power to kill experts above the Twenty Transformations.

But the moment it transformed into the Heaven Demon Tree sapling, all its lifeforce and abilities were condensed and turned into energy for the transformation. Naturally, it lost its original power.

Of course, as long as the sapling absorbed enough Fusion Elemental Energy over time, it would have unfathomable godly power.

At this moment, Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue, who were in the Demon Region Altar, sensed all of this, especially Gu Chensha. He was the creator of the Heaven Demon Tree, so it wasn't strange that this tree was one of his clones. Even if his main body died, he could form a new one on the tree. Once the Heaven Demon Tree was formed, it would possess unimaginable power.

The legendary Hongmeng Tree had absorbed Fusion Elemental Energy to create worlds and innumerable Primordial Spiritual Treasures. Of course, the Heaven Demon Tree was far from the Hongmeng Tree and couldn't create Primordial Spiritual Treasures, but it could absorb Fusion Elemental Energy to create other powerful treasures.

The moment the Heavenly Demon Tree sapling transformed, Gu Chensha had received many fragmented memories of the ancient Demon Race sages from the depths of space and time. These fragmented memories were vast, and as they were washed away by the tides, they sank into his sea of consciousness.