Chapter 470
===========

Chang Yuzhou was one of the strongest among the Sages. The current Sages, such as Li Wanlong, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor, and the Black Heaven Earth Sect Leader, were all inferior to him.

Even though Chang Weiyang had comprehended the Dao of Divergence, his battle prowess was still inferior to that of a veteran Sage like Chang Yuzhou.

Chang Yuzhou had been invincible in the past. He had rebelled against the Black Heaven Earth Sect, and this number one force could do nothing to him. This showed how powerful he was. He had reached a level where he could tear the heavens and overturn the earth. This Universe Thunder Pool was also a Connate Numinous Treasure that he had obtained.

Now, Gu Chensha had activated the Heavenly Dao technique and injected it into the Universe Thunder Pool. It actually felt as though Chang Yuzhou had been pulled out of the fusion of the Heavenly Dao. This was simply heaven-defying.

Of course, this could be a special characteristic of the Heavenly Dao technique. Chang Yuzhou was only manifesting his spirit.

To truly revive, Gu Chensha would probably have to cultivate to the same level as the three Heavenly Venerables. However, it was just a possibility. It could not be guaranteed to work, but it gave people hope.

After Chang Yuzhou manifested his spirit and saw the quality of the Heavenly Dao technique that Gu Chensha had cultivated, he immediately understood what was going on. Gu Chensha's Dharmic powers were insufficient, and his cultivation level was too low. He could not allow him to exist for any longer. Therefore, he immediately injected his lifetime of memories and comprehension, as well as countless cultivation techniques, into Gu Chensha's Spiritual Sea.

Given the vastness of his memories, any other expert would have instantly lost their original consciousness. However, this did not matter to Gu Chensha. The quality of his Heavenly Dao technique could store countless memories.

After giving Gu Chensha all his memories, Chang Yuzhou gradually disappeared, and the Universe Thunder Pool returned to its original appearance. After seeing this, Chang Weiyang and the others were all shocked. They looked at each other and only regained their senses after a long while.

"I did not expect the quality of the Heavenly Dao technique to be able to pull back a Sage who had already achieved Dao Integration." Wen Hong's face was filled with joy. "Looks like this kid will be very valuable in the future." "No matter what, the Black Universe Sect will fully nurture him."

Chang Weiyang said decisively, "My father actually imparted all his cultivation memories and experiences to this kid. The Profound Cosmos Gate is no longer a secret to him."

"Truly formidable. This brat's future achievements will surely surpass ours by a lot. Let's see how he cultivates now." Profound Sky was still studying.

At this moment, Gu Chensha had already transformed into the purest form of magic power. It was constantly changing and squirming, as though it was digesting the experiences and memories that Chang Yuzhou had transmitted to it. Countless pieces of information rolled around in that mass of magic power of his. His magic power gradually took on the color of chaos.

"Could it be that he wants to turn his magic power into chaos? How was this possible?

Wen Hong's eyes widened as he thought to himself, 'A Heaven's Path magical power can actually simulate Primal Chaos?'

In the end, Gu Chensha transformed into a sphere that resembled primal-chaos. It spun constantly, and within it were all sorts of magical treasures. There was the Immortal-Slaying God Executioner Gourd, the Universe Lightning Pool, the Common Life's Wish Sphere, the Heavenly Demon Tree, and more.

The speed of these changes became faster and faster, causing one's eyes to be unable to take it all in. In the end, it returned to chaos.

Just like that, he continued to calculate, change, squirm, and flicker. He continued to calculate for an entire month. In the end, there was a loud explosion and Gu Chensha transformed back into himself.

His cultivation realm didn't increase, and he was still at the Dao Realm 22 Transformation Phenomenon. However, his familiarity with magic power, his understanding of the Heaven Dao, his comprehension of tribulations, his usage of magical techniques, and his future cultivation were all things that the him from a month ago couldn't compare to.

His magic power transformation had completely exceeded the River of All Things. Returning to the source, he could pretty much transform into chaotic energy. He could shatter all things and turn them into chaos.

With his current killing strength, if he transformed into the Immortal-Slaying God Executioner Flying Knife, it would be twice as strong as a month ago. His various transformation techniques had also improved greatly.

This time, he had completely received Chang Yuzhou's legacy. The process of Chang Yuzhou cultivating step by step, comprehending step by step, finally becoming a Sage, and then finally merging with the Dao was deeply engraved in his memory and he had completely digested it.

He had received the scattered memories of the Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang, as well as a small portion of the Xingqiong clan's memories. He had also received the scattered memories of the Demon Race Sages. Although he had a lot of knowledge, it wasn't complete. He didn't have a path that connected the entire timeline.

But now, all of Chang Yuzhou's memories were fused into his enlightenment. It was like he had a backbone, allowing him to connect all of the Sages' fragmented enlightenment together and form a complete path.

At the same time, all of the secret magics of the Black Heaven Earth Gate and the techniques of the Black Sect of the Universe were under his control.

Chang Yuzhou was one of the upper echelons of the Black Heaven Earth Gate. Naturally, he had learned all of the secret magics. He had also created the Black Sect of the Universe's techniques. Everything he had learned in his life could be said to be a heterogeneous collection of knowledge. Furthermore, he had established his own sect, starting from the most minute details.

Gu Chensha continued to calculate and circulate. With this as the backbone, like the axle of a wheel, he connected the common people to mend the heavens and reform the heavens, complementing each other. The Great Massacre Divine Art and the Son of Heaven's God Sealing Art became even more closely integrated. Kill! A beam of light pierced through the eons, destroying the spring and autumn. Gu Chensha emerged from the pool of lightning.

"Many thanks to the Black Sect of the Universe for helping me. I have received all of Senior Chang Yuzhou's memories, including his cultivation experience and enlightenment. This kind of opportunity will definitely be rewarded. In the future, when my cultivation succeeds, I will definitely separate Senior Chang Yuzhou from the process of Dao Unification and resurrect him." Gu Chensha clasped his hands sincerely.

"This is also my father's fortuitous encounter."

Chang Weiyang took out a talisman, which shone with the aura of a primordial witchcraft curse. "You cultivated in the pool of lightning for a month. The three of us used the Xingqiong Clan's techniques and primordial witchcraft to refine this talisman. It can assist you in your transformation, allowing you to perfectly simulate the transformations of Dou 19.

When in danger, use this talisman. It can unleash immense power to tear apart the enemy and protect you while escaping.

However, this talisman can only be used once against an enemy. It is equivalent to the three of us joining forces and attacking with all our might. " "I understand."

Gu Chensha took the talisman and felt the immense power contained within. He nodded to himself and infused his magic power into it. Instantly, the talisman completely lost its ripples and became like the void.

"What do the three of you think of the Demon Disaster?" Gu Chensha asked again.

Actually, whether it was the Legalists, the Black Heaven Earth Sect, Wu Dangkong and the others' Heaven Alliance, or the Great Might Dynasty, none of them were the main threats. The great calamity of this world was the Demon Disaster.

The demonic nature that represented chaos and the spiritual nature that represented order clashed. Yin and Yang clashed, and darkness and light opposed each other. The Demon Disaster had always been Gu Chensha's greatest worry. If he could eliminate the Demon Disaster, everything could be easily dealt with.

"The Demon Disaster is unavoidable."

Wen Hong said, "I've already seen where the seal in the Demon Domain is broken. Many of the Demon Race's Demon Gods and Demon Sages worked together to set up the stronghold. It's boiling with demonic nature and is about to succeed. The Demon Disaster could happen at any time.

The three of us can't stop it. Even the three Heavenly Venerables won't stop it. It's like when Yin and Yang lose their balance and suddenly explode, no one will stop it. Because the longer they delay it, the greater the power of the explosion. " "When a flood comes, it doesn't stop it. Instead, it releases. The more it is blocked, the more ferocious the flood will be. "

Tai Xuan said, "I think it's best for the Tranquil Immortal Department to avoid it. Right now, it's already become a critical point for the demonic nature to boil. If the Demon Disaster breaks out, the first to attack will be the Tranquil Immortal Department. The consequences will be hard to predict."

"I also know about this. But if the Tranquil Immortal Department retreats, won't the common people suffer?

Those aristocratic families definitely won't go up against it. They will only defend their own territories and let the Demon Disaster wreak havoc before coming out to clean up the mess. They do this every time. But after the Demon Disaster breaks out. They will come out to take advantage of it. "

Gu Chensha frowned. "The world is in such a good situation. The common people are living extremely well now. But after the Demon Disaster breaks out, the world will be in ruins. Someone needs to stand on the front lines."

"Those who stand on the front lines will basically all die. For example, in history, the first time the common people rebelled, they definitely opened up a path for the true king and became cannon fodder."

Wen Hong shook his head. "Where there's life, there's hope. The Tranquil Immortal Department is the hope of the common people. If you fall in the first wave of the Demon Disaster, I'm afraid that all hope will be lost. Moreover, your cultivation bases aren't high enough. You need to avoid the Demon Disaster and make a comeback. If one of you becomes a Deity, then you might have a high chance of growing stronger in the Demon Disaster. But right now, you are just too weak." The difference between having a Deity and not having a Deity was too great. A Deity could use the power of the world and unleash all sorts of might.

The Common People's Wish sphere could only be fully activated by a Deity and unleash its greatest power.

"Even if there are millions of people, I will still go forward."

Gu Chensha laughed. "If the Demon Disaster breaks out, so be it. We have to stand at the forefront and be the ones to control the tide. Only in the face of the most intense Heaven and Earth Calamity can we stimulate ourselves and show our true colors of life and death."

"You are indeed a young man, full of drive." Chang Weiyang waved her hand, and the situation of the Bottomless Sea of Sin appeared.

At the place where the seal was broken, the Devil Qi had reached its peak. It was pitch-black, and there seemed to be countless Devil Thunder rumbling. Even Chang Weiyang couldn't figure out what was inside.

It was a Devil Formation set up by many Demon God experts and Demon Saints. In addition, there was also the Prison-Suppressing Black Tablet left behind by the King of Gods, King of Hell, King of Evil Gods, and the strongest God, God Maha.

This tablet had the power to seize the fortune of heaven and earth and operate the supreme mysteries of the universe. In terms of true strength, God Maha should be comparable to any of the three Heavenly Venerables. He far surpassed Chang Weiyang and Wen Hong's Tai Xuandu. According to the ranks, the cultivation of a Deity was below that of a Sage. But a Deity was not a true God. They didn't have a title or a Deity Position.

A Deity who obtained a Deity Position would not only greatly increase their strength, but their lifespan would also increase tenfold.