Chapter 336
===========

"Second Brother, just tell me what you need to do. At the end of the day, the world and the court still belong to the Gu family. The Wu family can forget about getting a slice of the pie," Gu Chensha said deliberately.

"That's the truth," Gu Xuansha said.

"No matter who becomes the emperor in the future, the world will still belong to the Gu family. But if it's taken away by another family, the Gu family will be wiped out." "Second Brother, do you want to take back the regent's position?"

Gu Chensha obviously knew what Second Brother was trying to say. In the past, when the emperor wasn't around, the crown prince would be the regent. But now there was a crown prince, and the imperial concubine was the regent. It was very awkward.

"It's easier said than done. Wu Dangkong's cultivation is unfathomable, and she's backed by a powerful force. The Wu family and the Black Heaven Earth Sect are involved," Gu Xuansha said.

Gu Xuansha said, "If Nineteenth Brother can lend me a hand, there is a way to make Wu Dangkong resign from his position."

"I know what you're thinking, Second Brother, but you don't seem to know what Wu Dangkong's greatest trump card is." Gu Chensha began to tempt him. He wanted to get a lot of good stuff from Second Brother.

"What is it?" Gu Xuansha asked. Gu Chensha smiled, but didn't say anything.

"Oh, Old Nineteen, you're playing tricks with me. Tell me, what do you want from Second Brother?" Gu Xuansha obviously understood.

"I know Second Brother has a treasure called the Banishing Immortal Talisman …" As soon as Gu Chensha said it, Second Brother's expression suddenly became extremely cold and murderous.

"Old Nineteen, how did you know?" Second Brother stood up.

"Did Second Brother forget that the Calming Immortal Agency has a Lord of Seven Stars?"

Gu Chensha didn't care about Second Brother's attitude. Even if Second Brother attacked, he wouldn't be afraid. "The current Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, has obtained all of the memories of the previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang. What do you think, Second Brother?" "Amazing."

Second Brother calmed himself down. He was a peerless, ambitious and ruthless character, and was well aware of how powerful the Lord of Seven Stars was. "But, Old Nineteen, you really are a greedy lion. You even want my Banish Immortal Talisman? That's my trump card."

"The Banishing Immortal Talisman is powerful. However, the value of my request is countless times greater than the Banishing Immortal Talisman," Gu Chensha said.

"How can I trust you?" Second Brother stared at Gu Chensha.

"We'll have many opportunities to work together in the future. Moreover, I know that Second Brother doesn't want to be controlled by others. Even though the might of the Banish Immortal Talisman is great, the person who gave it to you is probably harboring evil intentions."

Gu Chensha had a glib tongue. His words were like a deluge of heavenly flowers, capturing people's hearts. "After all, you and I are blood brothers. Second Brother, do you trust outsiders or do you trust your own brother? I believe you can make a choice." As expected, Second Brother's expression flickered.

"Second Brother, you know how deep the resources of the Celestial Calmness Department are. We control the Dragonization Pagoda, the Buzhou Palace, and the Heavenly Demon Tome. We combine those three treasures into the Populace's Wish Sphere, and with the Lord of Seven Stars presiding over it, we can definitely rival the supreme Profound Immortal Dao Gate."

Gu Chensha struck while the iron was hot. "Mister Zhuge, you've already divined that in your heart, Second Brother, you absolutely won't let anyone control you." "Old Nineteen, you've made some progress. You actually managed to convince me."

Second Brother's eyes were still incomparably gloomy, but his tone was much more relaxed. "How about this? I can give you the Banishing Immortal Talisman, but in addition to telling me Wu Dangkong's secret, you also have to lend me the Populace's Wish Sphere."

"Second Brother, you want to borrow the power of the sphere to purify your cultivation base and circulate your magic power more exquisitely. By combining the five elements and transforming them, you can break through to the twenty-second transformation, the Lawful Manifestations of Heaven and Earth." Thanks to Zhuge Ya's guidance, Gu Chensha knew exactly what was going on with Second Brother.

"The Lord of Seven Stars really is terrifying. How come I don't have people like her among my subordinates? I can't believe someone like her joined the Celestial Calmness Bureau."

Second Brother's heart was filled with jealousy, but he didn't express it. Instead, he asked, "Old Nineteen, do you agree or not?"

"Of course I do. We're blood brothers," replied Gu Chensha. He didn't refuse. All of this was part of Zhuge Ya's plan.

"In that case, let's complete our transaction." After a moment of thought, Second Brother flipped his hand, producing a jade talisman.

The talisman was the color of primal chaos, and looked completely ordinary. Gu Chensha recognized it to be the character for banishing.

In ancient times, this was the Banishing Immortal Talisman, a talisman that struck fear into the hearts of many Immortals.

With one talisman, even the strongest Immortal would be reduced to an ordinary person, and would never be able to practice cultivation again. Gu Chensha waved his hand, taking the talisman into his dantian's sea of energy.

The talisman was incredibly powerful, but it couldn't break through space. That was because spatial grotto-heavens weren't the power of Immortals; they were the power of Gods.

Once one reached the Dao Realm Thirty Transformations, they would be able to open up their grotto-heavens. That was the power of Gods. The Banishing Immortal Talisman was only effective against Immortals, but it was rumored that the three Celestials had an even stronger talisman called the God-Subduing Talisman, which was used against Gods.

"Old Nineteen, can you tell me the secret now?" Second Brother frowned.

"It's actually very simple. Wu Dangkong has already obtained the Heaven-Sacrifice Talisman.

This was also the reason why Imperial Father made her the Regent. She was someone who was favored by the Heavenly Dao. Right now, her strength had not been raised to its peak. If she raised it to a tyrannical realm, then she could reveal this secret. What do you think would happen? You, the Crown Prince, probably aren't a match for her. "Gu Chensha threw out a heavy blow.

"What?"

Second Brother Gu Xuansha sat down, "No wonder, no wonder. I should have guessed this long ago. But this matter is too shocking and inconceivable. I didn't dare to think that I would really have such a thing."

"This matter is definitely true." Gu Chensha said, "Second Brother just needs to pay attention to some details and you will comprehend it."

"This news is indeed important." Second Brother Gu Xuansha exhaled, "Moreover, I can confirm that this matter is true." "Second Brother, what do you think? Maybe you can use this chance to break free from the person behind you. Of course, we can squeeze all the benefits out of the person behind you. "

Gu Chensha's tone was really tempting, "Second Brother, actually, all of this is within Father's plans. Father made Wu Dangkong the Regent to draw out the Heaven-Sacrifice Talisman. He made you the Crown Prince to draw out the person behind you. Those people all have evil intentions. It's not good for the Gu family or the imperial court. "

"Nineteenth Brother, your Department of Tranquility is still too weak. If you have another hundred years, everything will be fine." Gu Xuansha's eyes flashed.

"We have Father behind us."

Gu Chensha said, "Now that Father is in seclusion, many people think that something has happened. In fact, everything is under Father's control. Second Brother, what do you think?"

"If that's the case, I will form an alliance with the Department of Tranquility. We will advance and retreat together." Second Brother Gu Xuansha seemed to have made up his mind.

"Of course. I know Second Brother will make the right choice." Gu Chensha cupped his hands and said, "Second Brother, I still have something to do. I will leave now. I have said what I have to say. " "Farewell, Nineteenth Brother." Second Brother looked at Gu Chensha as he left. After Gu Chensha left, he became serious again. "You want to use me?

How could it be so easy? However, I can use the tiger to swallow the wolf. They will fight each other, and I will reap the benefits.

Wu Dangkong, I want to obtain your Heaven Sacrifice Decree. With this talisman, I can break free from the three Celestial Venerables.

As for the Department of Tranquility, in the future, when I achieve great things, I can still use you. I want to subdue the Celestial Dao Sect and make them pay me taxes.

That Celestial Banishing Talisman is not so easy to obtain. There must be hidden dangers of the three Celestial Venerables in it. Although it is powerful, I don't dare to use it. I don't want to be controlled by the three Celestial Venerables. I want to see what tricks the Department of Tranquility has up its sleeve. " After leaving the crown prince's residence, Gu Chensha went straight back to his fief.

In his fief, everything within a hundred miles was shrouded in starlight. To people outside, it looked like a huge whirlpool of stars. There was no way to enter it.

Even if an expert came, he would be met with great resistance. He couldn't enter Gu Chensha's residence at all. However, the whirlpool of stars that spanned hundreds of miles gradually began to shrink.

Gu Chensha knew that in the end, the whirlpool of stars enveloping his fief would completely disappear. Only the ordinary land would be left without any strange phenomena. That would be the completion of the sphere of the People's Wish. It would escape into the space-time turbulence and hide completely.

He stepped into the whirlpool of stars and arrived at the place where the sphere of the People's Wish was condensed. The Fourth, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, Zhuge Ya's real body, and Jin Suibo were still condensing.

"Mister Zhuge, I followed your plan and obtained a Celestial Banishing Talisman. However, this talisman contains endless mysteries. I can't comprehend it for now." Gu Chensha took out the Celestial Banishing Talisman.

"Your Highness, you really have a glib tongue. I thought it would take some time to convince the second prince."

Zhuge Ya took the Celestial Banishing Talisman and slowly stroked it, as if sensing the intent within. Gradually, a cold smile appeared on his face. "As expected, the three Celestial Sovereigns set up extremely powerful restrictions. If I hadn't gradually received the memories of the previous Lord of Seven Stars hidden in the depths of the space-time turbulence, I wouldn't have known how sinister the three Celestial Sovereigns are. The previous Lord of Seven Stars, Jiang Gongwang's death, is inextricably linked to the three Celestial Sovereigns." "What do you think will happen, sir?" Lou Baiyue asked expectantly.

"With this talisman, I can unleash its power. With the help of the restrictions left behind by the three Celestial Sovereigns, I can completely subdue the wills of the North Star Emperor and Aunt Hu and open the final layer of the Heavenly Yao Tome. When that happens, I can obtain all of the previous Lord of Seven Stars' memories, and even the treasures he left behind. I will preserve these memories in the sphere of the People's Wish for Your Highness and the Princess to meditate on." Zhuge Ya suddenly inserted the Celestial Banishing Talisman into the sphere.