Chapter 141
===========

He flipped open the book of light. There were no words on it, just layers of light.

He dripped his blood on it, and the light immediately calmed down. He felt like his soul had entered the book. It was a huge space, and many books were floating in the air. They were divided into different types. Astronomy, geography, history, astrology, divination, martial arts, poetry, and so on. Gu Chensha entered the book with his mind.

He moved his mind, and a book was flipped open. The contents were clear. It was the Shaowu Secret Manual. It was a manual compiled by an imperial court a long time ago. There were many insights in it, from the beginning of cultivation to the various changes when one stepped into the Dao Realm. They were all explained very clearly. The cultivation methods inside weren't very profound, but the theoretical knowledge was very rich.

There were many subtle martial arts theories that Gu Chensha hadn't understood before. Now that he looked at it carefully, he learned a lot.

He had actually gone from a beginner martial artist to a martial arts master. It was all because he had obtained the strength of the Bear Wolf Python that he broke through directly. He didn't really train hard, so he had the feeling of breaking through layer by layer. As a result, there were still some flaws in his comprehension of martial arts.

Now, he was learning the basic martial arts theory from the beginning, brewing in his mind, repeatedly calculating, and reliving the time when he broke through.

He read in the depths of his mind while visualizing his other self. When he was very weak, he was practicing martial arts step by step.

This was the Old Dream Reconstruction Method recorded in the Shaowu Secret Manual. It could make one's martial arts life more complete.

He could do two things at once. He felt that it wasn't enough, so he took out another book. It was the Records of the Ancient Emperors, which was recorded by many ancient scholars. He started to read it carefully. This was doing three things at once.

"I want to see how much of one thing I can do at once."

He took out a few more books. They were the Atlas of the Endless Land, the Records of the Ancient Gods, the List of Constellations, the Research on the Ancient Sages, the Research on the Source of Diabolism, the Mountain Geography, the Dragon Vein Trend and Fengshui, and the Spiritual Energy Cultivation of Herbs. He read these books at the same time. Ten things at once.

He felt like his mind was going through changes. They came and went one after another, and it was a little messy. He knew that ten things at once was his limit. By the time he finished reading the nine books, several days had passed in the outside world.

After accumulating a lot of knowledge, he pondered for a long time and digested it. Only then did he stand up and stretch his muscles and bones. He looked at the scorching sun hanging high in the sky outside, but the cool breeze blowing from the castle was very pleasant.

The whole castle was full of vitality. In the distant training field, five thousand soldiers were training non-stop. Their roars were like thunder. Their physiques were tyrannical, and they wielded the White Tiger Gold Essence Saber in their hands. As they swayed, exquisite saber techniques were activated. Even the weakest of the five thousand soldiers was at the level of a trance martial arts master. Among them, there were close to a hundred martial arts grandmasters. Shi Tietie and several generals under Marquis Dashi were training them.

In another relatively small school, Yi Ming was giving a lecture to Wang Zhi, Lan Qi, Liu Yu, his foster son, Long Zaifei, Long Yuxia, Long Yuhong, and a few newly promoted loyal students. After Yi Ming finished speaking, Ishinaka Chan also came up to give a lecture. Everyone was diligently studying.

"After all, Yi Ming's knowledge is limited. In the future, I think we should invite more amazing experts to give lessons."

Gu Chensha thought about it, "For example, those experts from the Celestial Craft Institute. Right, why is Luowu not here to teach?" His body jumped up and glided in the air to the middle of the school's courtyard.

"Master." Yi Ming stood up right away. Everyone else greeted him.

"Liu Yu, the five of you are cultivating really quickly?"

Gu Chensha sized them up and was shocked to realize that the five of them had actually reached the third transformation of the Dao Realm. Copper Skin and Iron Bones.

"Living in this castle and breathing every day, my cultivation speed is dozens of times faster than before. The key is that the sword in my hand is changing day and night. It seems like it is about to transform."

Liu Yu waved the godly sword in his hand. With a slight shake, the sword soared straight up into the sky and slashed a flying beast into two halves, causing it to descend. The beast looked like an eagle, but it had a ghost-like head and deep fangs.

Gu Chensha recognized that this was the Ghost Head Bird. It ate humans and corpses. It was extremely poisonous. Even a martial arts grandmaster would die immediately after being bitten. It could also spit venom from its mouth. It was a ferocious beast that people in the wilderness would turn pale at the mention of.

The corpse of the Ghost Head Bird fell from the sky. When it was still several thousand zhang away from the castle, a ball of light suddenly flew out from a tower in the castle and wrapped around the Ghost Head Bird, burning it into ashes. Then, a gust of wind blew out from the tower, blowing the ashes away to some unknown place.

"The power of this castle's spell is so great!"

Ishinaka Chan was a little shocked. "That ball of fire just now was the power of the Darkfire Lamp. That gust of wind was formed by the Mountain and Sea Illustration."

Gu Chensha had spent six Seven Sacred Heart Cultivation Pills and asked the Heaven Palace Sect to forge the nine magic weapons that the ancient Black Tortoise had carried on its back: the Dinghai Pearl, the Mountain and Sea Illustration, the Mighty Hammer, the Star-Absorbing Pagoda, the Nine Yang Whip, the Darkfire Lamp, the Blue Wave Sword, the Sunset Bow, and the Shooting Sun Arrow. Although these nine magic weapons were fake, they were quite powerful.

Especially after the Black Tortoise had awakened, it had absorbed Celestial Qi to nourish them, causing their power to increase day by day. It no longer took months to activate them.

"What a powerful spell." At this moment, a voice came from the sky. A woman in red had appeared. It was actually Luo Wu.

Gu Chensha waved his hand. Suddenly, the intimidating aura in the entire castle disappeared, and Luo Wu slowly descended.

"The spell in this castle is almost comparable to the spell that some of the core disciples of the Celestial Cultivation Sects have set up for hundreds of years."

Luo Wu stood still and looked around. She took a deep breath and her expression changed. "I see, I see." She seemed to know what it was, but she didn't point it out.

"Welcome, Fairy Luo Wu. Apologies for not going out to meet you. Yi Ming, immediately offer up the best things." Gu Chensha quickly called out.

"Yes, Master." Yi Ming waved his hand and was about to dismiss everyone.

"Elder Brother, I will accompany the guest. There's no need to leave." Gu Chensha stopped Zen Ishinaka.

In the center of the castle, on the fifth floor of the pagoda that Gu Chensha resided in, Yi Ming, Zen Ishinaka, Gu Chensha, and Luo Wu were sipping tea and discussing.

"Since Fairy has kept her promise and came, I naturally won't be stingy. This is a Seven Saint Heart Tempering Pill." Gu Chensha took out a golden bottle and handed it over.

Luo Wu didn't stand on ceremony and accepted it. "Prince is really trustworthy. To be honest, I have already been here for a few days. I am just observing the situation in this feudal land."

"What does Fairy think?" Gu Chensha wanted to hear the opinion of this outstanding fairy from the Celestial Cultivation Sects.

"The fengshui has been modified. Some parts of the land are excellent, but the surrounding mountains are barren and unruly.

Fortunately, there is a divine beast overseeing this place, and it is gradually changing the earth veins. In about ten years, this land with a circumference of a few thousand miles will truly be as beautiful as a fairyland. "

Luo Wu didn't hide anything. "From this, it can be seen that Prince has great luck. Just now, I saw the descendants of the Five Seasons Deities, as well as the descendants of the Dragon God and the Sea Deity. These talents are rare even in my Heavenly Dance Mystic Gate. " She was talking about Liu Yu's group of five and Long Zaifei.

These six people were peerless geniuses. Once the Celestial Cultivation Sects discovered them, they would scramble to recruit them as disciples. Even she wanted to kidnap all six of them and bring them to the sect to brainwash them.

"These are all the imperial court's luck. I was conferred the title of Prince, so I naturally got a little bit of it."

Gu Chensha had penetrating insight from reading. "Now that the imperial court is at its peak, the immortals and demons have converted. Even if I am no longer of use, with the imperial court's luck, I can recruit heroes and do great things." "The world's luck is indeed mysterious."

Luo Wu nodded in agreement. "But Prince is also very talented. To be recognized by a divine beast, he is definitely not ordinary." "Fairy, in your opinion, if I want to develop my fief again, what should I do?"

Gu Chensha felt that the fief had reached a bottleneck. It was beyond his ability to develop quickly, so he could only rely on time to accumulate.

"The fastest development is war and sacrificial offerings."

Luo Wu said, "If Prince wants to improve quickly and strengthen your power in a short time, there is only one way, and that is to attack the barbarians and capture slaves. Every time there is a war, you have to kill slaves and sacrifice them. For important matters of the country, you have to sacrifice them. The ancient emperors all rose from the wilderness and went through hundreds of battles. Every time they fought, they would be able to dominate the world in just a few months." When Gu Chensha heard this, he recalled the book he read a few days ago.

The ancient emperors and some ambitious and ruthless people could rise quickly because of war and sacrificial offerings.

After every battle, they would hold a grand sacrificial offering and kill thousands of people. Then, they would be able to communicate with the gods, and divine power would descend and they would become the god's chosen ones. Ordinary people might not be able to communicate with the gods by killing them and sacrificing them.

But if you had a large power and gathered tens of thousands of people to hold a grand sacrificial offering, the gods would definitely be alarmed.

For example, Gu Chensha now had more than 100,000 barbarian slaves in his fief. Including the soldiers, servants, and commoners, he had close to 10,000 people.

If they all gathered together and held a grand sacrificial offering, any god would be able to sense it. Since ancient times, all ambitious and ruthless people had the shadow of gods behind them.

"The founder of the Wu Dynasty rose from the mud. When the world was in chaos, he raised his army and sacrificed for every battle. First, he sacrificed the War God, Wuying. Then, he sacrificed the Dragon God, Wuying. Then, he sacrificed the Martial God, receiving divine power. His martial dao was profound, and he slew immortals and slaughtered demons, establishing 500 years of hegemony." Gu Chensha recalled a piece of history he had read.

It was a thousand years ago, when the world was in chaos. There was a farmer who was a bricklayer who led the peasants in an uprising.

At the start of the uprising, he sacrificed the War God and the Dragon God, but there was no response.

Later, when he sacrificed the Martial God, he gained favor and was unstoppable. In the end, he unified the world and established the country as Wu, establishing 500 years of foundation.

This short history revealed a lot of information. The general situation of the world, the game of gods.

"This won't work. Not to mention that Father's national policy is to abolish the sacrifice of the gods." Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Even if I sacrificed now, there would be no gods to sacrifice. Moreover, killing thousands of people in every battle is not the way of a righteous person. "