Chapter 831
===========

"As expected, I've lured out a few big fish.

"… …" Gu Chensha was still observing from within the Sin Province.

The Sin Province was the center of the Divine Central Continent after all. It was connected to the Demon Realm, and had become the largest battlefield. Storms raged, and heroes gathered here.

Heroes came forth in large numbers, with countless fortuitous encounters. Fortune gathered, and fortune was strong. If the Heavenly Kings, the Emperor Of Heaven, or even the higher-ups of the Heavenly Court were to appear, they would definitely appear in the Sin Province. His plan in the Incinerate Continent was to bait them.

The Great Burning Heavenly King would definitely not be willing to give up the massive empire of hundreds of billions of people that he had painstakingly managed for more than thirty years.

Although the quality of these hundreds of billions of people was far inferior to the ten billion in the Divine Central Continent, it still surpassed the quality of some ordinary worlds.

Gu Chensha waved his hand slightly, and two masses of sacrificial power appeared in front of him. One had been obtained from the Great Burning Empire, and the other was from the Yongchō of the Divine Central Continent.

These two masses of sacrificial power squirmed like two gems. Upon closer inspection, one could tell which was better and which was worse.

The sacrificial power of the Great Burning Empire was powerful, but it lacked something crucial. It was an essence that combined all the heavens and realms, the center of the universe, and the supremacy of the world.

The sacrificial power of the people of the Yongchō of the Divine Central Continent contained this aura. It was a struggle against the heavens, a struggle for life against the Dao. There was a huge difference.

It was no wonder that since ancient times, only the Emperor of the Divine Central Continent was called the Son of Heaven.

If the Heavenly Dao did not suppress the development of the Divine Central Continent and bring down the Demon Calamity, then the Son of Heaven could gather the power of sacrificial power and break free of the Heavenly Dao's restraints.

Fortunately, the humans had a Gu Taxian who had begun to defy the Heavenly Dao and stop the Heavenly Dao from keeping the humans in captivity.

Gu Chensha understood everything now. He knew the past, present, and future. He also had a feeling that the changes in the future were within his grasp.

His eyes looked from the bottomless Sea of Sin to the endless Devil's Domain. This was the origin of the Devil, the source of the turmoil in the world, and also a part of the dark side of the Way of Heaven. If the Devil Tribe was exterminated, the Way of Heaven would be completely incomplete and even begin to collapse. Then a new era would begin and unfold slowly.

"Great Burning Heavenly King is interesting. To deal with Gu Tiansha, he even brought along Heavenly King Jin. That Heavenly King is extremely powerful now, especially since he has mastered the Raging Dragon Gate and can use it skillfully. If he suddenly attacks, with the help of so many Heavenly Kings, as long as Gu Tiansha hasn't reached the Celestial Master Realm, it will be hard for him to resist."

Gu Chensha secretly calculated, "However, rumor has it that the strongest among the Nine Heavenly Kings is not Invincible Heavenly King, Great Burning Heavenly King, Punisher Heavenly King, nor Heavenly King Jin or Heavenly King Calamity. It is Chaotic Heavenly King. In the future Heavenly Court, Chaotic Heavenly King will control the ages and break through the heavens. He will be the leader of the Heavenly Kings. Although his position is below the Lord of Sun and Moon, his true cultivation can be said to be on par with the Lord of Sun and Moon. In the distant future, countless upheaval in the Heavenly Court and changes in the world will be suppressed by Chaotic Heavenly King.

This Chaotic Heavenly King doesn't have any treasures. Chaos is his treasure. He rules over chaos and gives birth to all things. I wonder if this Heavenly King has been born yet.

Second on the list is Heavenly King Daluo. This Heavenly King manages order like a net of Daluo that covers time and space. The word 'big' referred to the boundless vastness and limitless power. Luo is the law of all things, all order, all rules, and the foundation of everything.

The true meaning of Daluo is to lay down all order and law in the vast and boundless space and time. As the saying goes, heaven's net has a wide net, but it never escapes.

Other than that, the third-ranked heavenly king was Heavenly King Dong Hua. This heavenly king controlled the Primordial Mist Tree and helped the Heavenly Court regulate vitality, operate fengshui, and improve fate. He was also extremely honorable.

Ranked fourth was the Wisdom Heavenly King. This Heavenly King's wisdom was boundless, his divine light boundless, able to change the changes of the myriad worlds, develop forward, and maintain the Heavenly Court. He's also an extremely powerful person. " Gu Chensha now knew the origins and abilities of all the Heavenly Kings.

Heavenly King Chaos, Heavenly King Daluo, Heavenly King Dong Hua, Heavenly King Wisdom, Heavenly King Jin, Heavenly King Punishment, Heavenly King Calamity, Heavenly King Innocuous, and Heavenly King Grand Inferno.

The last five of the Nine Heavenly Kings had already appeared, but the first four had yet to reveal themselves. However, Gu Chensha felt that these people would appear one by one sooner or later, or they had already appeared and were just hiding in the dark.

The Grand Inferno Heavenly King was the first to appear. Among the Nine Heavenly Kings, he was ranked the lowest, and he was also the weakest.

The most terrifying ones were the Primal Chaos Heavenly King and the Grand Overarching Heavenly King. These two heavenly kings were basically the future pillars of the Heavenly Court. Together, they would form the Primal Chaos Heavenly Dao. They could even replace the Emperor Of Heaven to control the life and death of the world. The Lord of the Sun and Moon was the one who brought light and yin and yang to the many worlds.

If these two heavenly kings had already appeared and were plotting something in secret, even Gu Chensha had to be extremely cautious with his current cultivation. Otherwise, he would destroy the situation that he had painstakingly built. Not to mention that the Emperor Of Heaven had also appeared.

"With the help of the Grand Inferno Heavenly King, Xiao Yan, governing the Inferno Continent will definitely be a lot smoother.

Whether or not my sword can compete with Xiao Yan in a battle of wits and courage, I can learn some of the secrets of the Gate Jin Heavenly King, Xiao Yan, from the Grand Inferno Heavenly King, Xiao Yan. "

Gu Chensha walked through the streets and alleys of the Sin Province, observing the local customs and practices. Although his current cultivation was unfathomable, he still lacked a few crucial things. First, he hadn't comprehended the Divergent. Second, he hadn't ascended to the Heavenly Venerable realm. Third, he hadn't comprehended the Dragonless Heart Sutra. If he succeeded in all three, he would be able to create an invincible divine ability and compete with the Emperor Of Heaven. The Gate Jin Heavenly King was hiding in the Divine Central Plains.

There were 99 prefectures in the Divine Central Plains, which was actually quite vast. However, Gu Chensha could say with certainty that this person was in the Sin Province.

Gu Chensha could also calculate the Gate Jin Heavenly King's current cultivation. He should have reached the Heavenly Longevity Realm.

If he hadn't reached the Heavenly Longevity Realm, he definitely wouldn't have been able to hide from Gu Chensha's calculations. It should be known that Gu Chensha had come into contact with the Primordial Dragon Gate and even absorbed its sins. He was very clear about the source of the gate. During cultivation, he could grasp this foundation and directly calculate the gate's secrets.

'The Primordial Old Man and The Great Spirit God both lived in the Primordial Dragon Gate. If the Gate Jin Heavenly King has appeared, then it's very likely that he's also under the command of the Gate Jin Heavenly King. If that's the case, the Gate Jin Heavenly King's strength will be great. No wonder he wants to plot against the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha.'

Gu Chensha turned into a scholar and strolled around the Sin Province City, once again observing for any signs of movement.

The Lord of the Sun and Moon was a figure who stood above all in the Heavenly Court in the future. Unfortunately, the Lord of the Sun and Moon had changed. The Gate Jin Heavenly King's plot against Gu Chensha was actually to extract the Lord of the Sun and Moon's source and refine it. He could even seal or destroy it to get rid of this heretic.

Of course, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Chensha's source was also extremely effective against Gu Chensha.

This child was the product of the entanglement between Gu Taxian and the Heavenly Dao. He was also an existence that neither Gu Taxian nor the Heavenly Dao had expected. It could be said that he was essentially detached from everything and might even compete with the Emperor Of Heaven in the future. Gu Chensha also wanted to take advantage of this opportunity to plot against this person. At the same time, Gu Chensha wouldn't let him go. He wanted to devour and refine him at all times.

'Every move in the Sin Province City is within my grasp. Even ants can't escape the pursuit of my divine will. The reincarnation cycle of a bird or mouse is within my calculations, but I just can't find any trace of the Gate Jin Heavenly King. This matter has definitely been covered up by a secret technique.'

Gu Chensha wandered around the Sin Province City for two hours, but he still didn't find anything. He spread his divine will throughout the entire Sin Province and the Demonic Realm, but he still couldn't find any trace of the Gate Jin Heavenly King. This matter has definitely been covered up by a secret technique. '

'If that's the case, I'll settle for the next best thing. I'll look for the Primeval Elder and The Great Spirit God. I don't believe that you, the Gate Jin Heavenly King, can cover up this person's existence.'

Gu Chensha simply moved. He immediately jumped into the space-time turbulence and shot out layers of light. As the light surged, a mirror was born from within. This mirror was all-encompassing. The past, present, and future were all contained within it. Not long after, a scene appeared in the mirror.

It was the depths of an ancient starry sky. A huge barrier flickered as if it had existed since ancient times. In the depths of this barrier, many laozi and True Gods from the primordial era were frozen like amber.

Gu Chensha had even suppressed the Demonic Realm. The Divine Kingdom of the God of Maha, known as the King of Demons and the King of Evil Gods, as well as the Demonic Ape God of Chaos, the Serpent God of Hell, the Serpent God of Tun Ri, and other Evil Gods. Apart from the Evil Gods, there were also some Righteous Gods, such as the God of Mountains and Rivers, the God of War, the God of Wine, the God of Tea, the God of Medicine, the God of Thunder, the God of Lightning, the God of Sea, the God of Dragon, the God of Jade, the God of Treasure, the God of Fortune, and even the God of Plagues, the God of Plague, the God of Calamity, and so on …

The Ancient Heavenly Kings had conferred the title of hundreds and thousands of True Gods to make it easier for them to manage the world. However, this caused chaos in worship. There were many temples among the people, and the believers in the path of gods did not listen to the orders of the imperial court. Instead, they listened to the oracle. In the imperial court back then, the oracle of the The Great Spirit God could even directly depose the emperor.

After the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was born, he directly sealed thousands of True Gods, regardless of whether they were good or evil. What Gu Chensha was currently seeing was this sealed place. It was in the ancient starry sky. From what he could see, the seal was actually starting to break. This was the influence of the Heavenly Dao.

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor had also sealed the Bottomless Sea of Sin. However, it was still broken by the Heavenly Dao, which led to the arrival of the Demon Disaster. Fortunately, the Calming Immortal Department had truly controlled the situation, which turned the Demon Disaster into a good thing. Kacha, kacha … The seal broke. One by one, the True Gods came out of the seal and then disappeared. This was something that happened in the past. Now, Gu Chensha could not do anything to stop it.

When all the True Gods came out of the seal, a huge door appeared and swallowed all the True Gods into the door.

"The Primordial Dragon Sect's Heavenly King of the School of Jin took the opportunity to seal and capture many True Gods. Good move."

Gu Chensha knew that the Heavenly King of the School of Jin was indeed tyrannical. He was much stronger than the previous Heavenly Kings that had appeared. ..... On the official WeChat account, I have updated the latest Fist Suppressing Mountains and Rivers.

Everyone can go to Fist Suppressing Mountains and Rivers. Basically, there is a new update every day. Everyone can use WeChat to search for 'mengrushenji1984'. Announcement: This site recommends a free app. Say goodbye to all advertisements. Please follow the official WeChat account to download and install: appxsyd (Press and hold for three seconds to copy)