Chapter 153
===========

"Connate Qi transforms into Primordial Spirit. Meridians appear."

The Connate Qi from Bao Ming 'er's hands was dark green. Gu Chensha recognized it as Connate Yi Wood Green Qi, which was good at healing and nourishing.

"Your sword and armor have formed Primordial Spirits, but they don't have meridians. That's the opposite. Cultivating Dharma treasures requires first strengthening their essence, then carving arrays on them. After a long time, you can use Connate Qi to clear the meridians and form them like humans. Then, you can pour Spirit Qi into them and let them circulate on their own. Over time, they can develop intelligence.

"But your sword armor is the opposite. It doesn't even have meridians, and you used Heavenly Demon Relics to attach it. It's like a deformed child. Your cultivation hasn't reached the point where you can refine Dharma treasures to clear meridians, so I'll spend some energy to help you refine it and learn." Bao Ming 'er had spent a lot of effort to gain Gu Chensha's trust.

"Twelve Meridians, Eight Extraordinary Meridians, Dantian Sea of Qi!" Bao Ming 'er helped the sword and armor form meridians and dantian like humans.

In an instant, Gu Chensha felt that the sword armor was different. It was much more agile. Originally, it absorbed Spirit Qi slowly, and Spirit Qi had to be fused with its own materials. But now, the sword and armor were wriggling together. The absorbed Spirit Qi automatically flowed through the newly formed meridians, and finally gathered in the dantian. It was nurtured, compressed, and rotated, as if it was about to form a pill.

"Done." Bao Ming 'er tossed the sword and armor over.

Gu Chensha's mind moved again. He felt that the sword armor was not only sturdier, but also more agile and flexible. It was more closely aligned with his mind.

"Now that the sword armor has meridians and dantian, it can cultivate on its own. It's the first step to becoming a demon or immortal. Of course, this is far from enough. The next step is to match the acupoints of the human body with the stars in the sky, and chisel acupoints in the meridians. But this takes a lot of time. Even I would need decades of hard work." Bao Ming 'er had used up a lot of energy.

"You'll have to refine it yourself."

"Thank you." Gu Chensha felt the meridians and dantian in the sword armor and compared them with his own Spirit Qi.

"Today's lesson ends here."

Bao Ming 'er said, "I have already ordered people to purchase all kinds of materials and build a branch nearby. I hope that Prince will take care of it."

"That's great." Gu Chensha was overjoyed. "I'll go arrange it right away. Fairy only needs to give the order." "I will send someone to talk to your subordinates later." Bao Ming 'er nodded and disappeared.

Looking at her disappearing figure, Gu Chensha knew that this woman's cultivation was unfathomable, and he was no match for her. However, the knowledge he learned from her was also true.

Gu Chensha was still worried and continued to condense the sword and armor on the Sun Moon Sacrificial Altar. The Sun and Moon Dragon Fire burned, but there were no restrictions on them. Only then did he realize that Bao Ming 'er had ulterior motives. Although the sword armor was magical, what she cared about was the Dragon Transformation Pagoda.

He put away his sword and armor and stroked the Black Tortoise's egg. "My dear, you've eaten so many Seven Sacred Heart Refining Pills and Heavenly Demon Relic fragments. I wonder when you'll truly hatch. You should know that many forces are eyeing you covetously right now. If something happens to the Imperial Court, it'll be very difficult for me to protect you."

The Black Tortoise baby in the Black Tortoise egg seemed to hear Gu Chensha's words and transmitted a thought. "Father, don't worry. Although I haven't completely shed my shell, I still have supernatural powers. As long as Father can feed me the Sun and Moon Dragon Blood, I will grow faster than expected. However, the person who came last time was very terrifying. He wanted to capture me, but I couldn't do anything to him." "Are you talking about Fa Wuxian?" Gu Chensha asked.

"Yes, that person. Unless I truly shed my shell, I won't be able to fight him. However, his potential is very great. His aptitude is even better than us Divine Beasts." The Black Tortoise baby's thought was also very wary.

"Then is there no way to deal with this person?"

Gu Chensha also felt that Fa Wuxian was impossible to defeat. Even though he had cultivated a personality that would never admit defeat, when he thought of Fa Wuxian, he still felt a sense of helplessness. He felt that no matter how much he improved, he would never be able to surpass this person. This was because his opponent's improvement was faster than his.

"There's no way to deal with him."

The Black Tortoise baby thought for a long time. "In my inherited memories, this kind of person is destined to become a Saint. A Saint is an existence even more powerful than a God."

"Even Saints can fall." Gu Chensha was very calm. "The Saints that have existed since ancient times have not existed to this day."

"Saints aren't dead. They have transformed into some kind of rule and become one with the Heavenly Dao. Of course, you can also say that they are dead, just not completely dead.

From time to time, their spirits will appear. They appear in the world along with the wishes of all living beings. For example, if there are many descendants of a Saint, they worship them year after year, month after month. With the accumulation of wishes, a portion of their strength will appear. "The Black Tortoise baby seemed to be very familiar with the Saints. This was a memory that came from the ancient inheritance.

"So that's how it is. This is the difference between Saints and Gods. Gods truly exist, but Saints are truly one with some kind of rule. They will only occasionally appear." Gu Chensha understood a few things once again. After that, the Black Tortoise baby went silent, as if it had fallen asleep again. The talisman on the eggshell also stopped moving.

Gu Chensha could only use the Sun and Moon Dragon blood to draw talismans and imprint them on the eggshell, so that the Black Tortoise baby could quickly shed its shell.

Recently, the density of the Sun and Moon Dragon blood had increased. The blood that seeped out shone brightly even in the darkness, showing five colors. Every drop of blood had talismans and small dragons swimming around. It was not human blood at all. It was incomparably mysterious.

If it was a normal sword, just one drop would be able to turn it into a weapon. It was even more magical than Sky Dew. But he used Sky Dew as food, so his blood was like Sky Dew that had been refined. Just like that, Gu Chensha listened to Bao Ming 'er's lessons every day.

Summer passed and autumn came. The weather in the wilderness became colder and there weren't as many poisonous bugs as there were in summer.

Gu Chensha listened to the lessons for two to three months and understood all sorts of treasure refining techniques. He was also familiar with Clumsy Fist, Sun Moon Refining, Sun Moon Transformation, Sun Moon Slaying, Sun Moon Dragon, etc. Although he wasn't able to break through to Dao Realm Transformation Four, it was just a matter of time.

During this period of time, Bao Ming 'er built a branch here. It was in the shape of a green dragon and the palace was in the shape of a dragon. The surrounding forest was lush and lush, forming a formation. There were many layers of formations and the trees could even release green energy currents.

This was the Eastern Yi Wood Green Dragon Formation. It was similar to Luowu's Vermillion Bird Fire Formation and Xuanwu Ocean Formation. They nourished one another and connected to the veins.

"Master."

On this day, Gu Chensha was cultivating, circulating the qi and blood in his body to nourish his five viscera and six bowels. Yi Ming came up to report all sorts of things, "Long Zaifei has already cultivated the Innate Gang Qi. Liu Yu and the others have also reached the fifth transformation of the Dao Realm.

Wang Zhi and Lan Qi have also reached Dao Realm Transformation Seven. They are really loyal, so I gave them two Seven Saint Heart Cultivation Pills. They swore on their lives and swore to be loyal to you. In the first half of the year, we have sold over five million pills to treat illnesses. " "So much? What is the net profit? "Gu Chensha asked.

"The net profit is five million. This is after deducting the various expenses. My godson is making a record and there are hundreds of people in the accounting room." Yi Ming said.

"What? This is pure profit? So profitable? "Gu Chensha underestimated Gu Poison Sect's method of earning money.

"Master, it is just too profitable. For example, normal scorpions, spiders, and centipedes. They just feed them, scatter some powder, and after swallowing one another, they will turn poison into treasures. Our best sellers are the Blood Cleansing Pill and Poison Cleansing Pill. We are in short supply now. "Yi Ming said.

Gu Chensha knew that the Blood Cleansing Pill and Poison Cleansing Pill would remove impurities from one's body, leaving only pure energy. Anyone could consume it.

"What about those plants?"

Gu Chensha looked outside. The clouds were thick and there seemed to be red energy, purple energy, and green energy intersecting. It was really a paradise in the human world, a treasured land.

"Fire Dates mature really quickly and their quality is much better than normal ones. As for the Purple Green Celestial Peaches, that is normal."

Yi Ming explained in detail as if he was counting his family treasures. "As for the other Blood Mushroom, Vermillion Fruit, Levitation Grass, and other spiritual herbs, their growth was gratifying. However, they were all handed over to the medical hall to be refined into pills. They were included in the five million profit.

"Apart from that, what other income do we have?"

Gu Chensha thought for a while. "Aren't we working with Bao Ming 'er's subordinates to make money by refining treasures?" "This amount of income is relatively small. Refining magic treasures is not that simple."

Yi Ming said, "However, the White Tiger Adamantine Saber and Horned Dragon Armor in our warehouse are both showing signs of transformation. I brought two of them with me." As he spoke, he took out the White Tiger Adamantine Saber and Horned Dragon Armor.

Gu Chensha reached out and touched the huge saber. He realized that there were purple crystals on the saber. They seeped into the saber and formed cloud patterns. He knew that the saber had been in the warehouse for a long time and had been nourished by immortal energy. It was likely to evolve.

The Horned Dragon Armor was the same. Purple energy seeped into it and its structure changed. It was showing signs of evolving into the Horned Dragon Armor. It seemed like it would evolve into the Horned Dragon Armor after half a year.

"Let's go and see Long Zaifei."

Gu Chensha stood up and walked to the Martial Training Hall with Yi Ming. As expected, Long Zaifei and Liu Yu were sparring.

Each finger of Long Zaifei's would give off Xiantian energy which was really condensed. He was actually able to reach thousands of steps away. Moreover, he was really quick.

"Amazing, as expected from a top genius. They are both at Dao Realm Transformation Six, but Long Zaifei is dozens of times stronger than Yu Ba and Shadow Priest." Gu Chensha was shocked.

"Greetings, benefactor." "Greetings, King." The six of them knelt on one knee.

"There is no need to be so polite."

Gu Chensha said right away, "Long Zaifei, I didn't expect your cultivation to be so quick. You are able to reach Dao Realm Transformation Six so quickly."

"Benefactor, this place is filled with the essence of heaven and earth. There are God Beasts here and celestial energy and earth veins have merged together. I absorb this energy day and night. If I don't improve, then how can I face you?" Long Zaifei's tone was really calm and he had the demeanor of an expert.

"Not bad, but you still need to improve and reach Dao Realm Transformation Seven. At that time, you will have many methods." Gu Chensha knew the gap between Dao Realm Transformation Six and Dao Realm Transformation Seven.

"These few days, Uncle Liu Yu and the others headed to the Chaotic World Demon Ape God Temple to train. We killed a few Demon Apes and obtained their neidans. I am about to give them to benefactor." Long Zaifei said.

"Very good, training is a really easy way to improve." Gu Chensha nodded his head, "But you have to pay attention to safety."

"King, we are just a step away from breaking through to Dao Realm Transformation Six and cultivating Xiantian Energy."

The swords in the hands of the five of them actually became smaller. They were as thin as threads and moved according to their hearts. They flowed up and down and even gave out all sorts of light to protect their bodies.

The swords in their hands absorbed large amounts of celestial energy and earth veins. After being refined by the Heaven Dew, they automatically swallowed and spat out spiritual energy. Cultivating here for half a year was the same as cultivating outside for dozens of years.