Chapter 987
===========

"How can you be so strong?"

Fa Wuxian's face was full of shock. "Your power seems to be comparable to that of the Emperor Of Heaven. Life and Death, Creation, All Things as Dao. " "It's very simple."

Zhang Yiren said, "Actually, my strength is related to Gu Chensha. Back then, Gu Chensha sealed Gu Daoxian, condensed all of his source energy into a ball, and then secretly injected it into the body of a fetus, vainly hoping that the fetus would become his pawn. But he didn't expect that.

After the fetus grew up, it had a fortuitous encounter, and by coincidence, it destroyed Gu Daoxian's will, fused with its own will, and became independent. In the future, I will definitely let Gu Chensha know how powerful I am. If he wants to control my life, he must pay the price. " "What?" Fa Wuxian said, "You are also being controlled by Gu Chensha?" "It's not just me, you are being controlled by Gu Chensha as well. Where did the fortuitous encounters you have come from? They were created by Gu Chensha, and Gu Chensha's strength is far beyond our estimation. "

Zhang Yiren said, "However, if he wants to control us, we can also break away from his control, and instead use the fortuitous encounters he created to make him suffer the consequences of his actions." "So many fortuitous encounters were created by Gu Chensha alone?"

Fa Wuxian didn't dare to believe it, "If that's the case, then how strong is he? Is he stronger than the Heavenly Dao?" "Indeed, he is stronger than the Heavenly Dao."

Zhang Yiren said, "Do you still remember the Dragon Gate of Chaos, the Primordial Tree, the Heaven Realm, the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven, the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman, and all these treasures were created by the Heavenly Dao. Now that Gu Chensha's strength has surpassed the Heavenly Dao, what's so strange about those treasures?" "If that's the case, isn't it impossible for us to take revenge on him?" Fa Wuxian asked.

"Not necessarily. When the Dao of Heaven and Gu Taxian crumble, someone will be born who surpasses him. If we can capture that person, we can kill Gu Chensha in one fell swoop. At the same time, we'll be able to enjoy deathlessness."

A ruthless look appeared on Zhang Yi Ren's face. This look was so ferocious that it made everyone shudder.

It was a feeling that seemed to want to destroy everything in the world, annihilate the ages, annihilate everything, and shatter everything. It was icy cold and didn't have the slightest bit of human feelings, and it was even to the extent that it didn't have the feelings of all things in the world. It didn't even have the feelings of the Heaven Dao.

"This Zhang Yiren is so scary."

The Immortal Master thought to himself, "I'm afraid this person isn't as simple as he seems. He didn't just activate the Ancient Dao Immortal's mutated origin. The Ancient Dao Immortal's will doesn't have such a will."

The current Immortal Master had a fortuitous encounter. Not only did he completely recover his Heavenly Longevity Realm cultivation, he even broke through to the Heaven Origin Realm. She was a person with great fortune and great opportunities. As long as she recovered her strength, she would naturally be able to deduce a lot of information. Otherwise, how could she be worthy of being chosen by Gu Taxian? She even had a daughter with Gu Taxian, Gu Huansha.

"If that's the case, we're willing to serve under you."

The original Heavenly King of Jin, Chu Feng, said, "Now that the Heavenly Court has a new Heavenly King of Jin, I'm just an abandoned chess piece. The Emperor Of Heaven has never thought of saving me. I heard that even the Dharma Saint has betrayed the Heavenly Court and merged with your Human Dynasty, becoming the Spell Ancestor.

In this way, the Human Dynasty's strength has actually completely surpassed the Heavenly Court. The only expert left in the Heavenly Court is the Emperor Of Heaven. As the saying goes, a single tree cannot support a tree. " "But the Human Dynasty lacks true experts."

A person who was originally demoted by Gu Chensha said, "The current Human Ancestor probably can't contend against the Emperor Of Heaven." "The Human Ancestor can't contend against him, but the Nihility Ancestor can."

Zhang Yiren said, "The Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha's strength is actually not below Gu Chensha's. Even if he's slightly weaker, it's not too far off. It's enough to contend against the Emperor Of Heaven, preventing the Emperor Of Heaven from descending to destroy the Human Dynasty with his strongest divine ability.

The Human Dynasty's strength is starting to mature. The next step is to unify the Human Realm, devour the Heavenly Court, and devour the Eternal Realm. "

"In this way, in the process, I'm afraid we can obtain a lot of benefits." Fa Wuxian was now full of ambition. He was ready to make a comeback.

"That's why I need everyone's help. Right now, in our Human Dynasty, I'm the Crown Prince. Although my position is second only to the Emperor, in reality, it's far from that."

Zhang Ziran said, "Right now, the power in the Human Dynasty is chaotic. Each of them has their own mountain. Those who are on equal footing with Father Emperor are the Spell Ancestor, the Taoist Ancestor, the Ancestor of Heaven, and the Otherworldly Ancestor. They're all managing their own forces.

Fortunately, the Nihility Ancestor isn't managing them. He's also nowhere to be seen. He's only influencing the situation in the dark. But it's precisely because of this that it's the most terrifying.

So, although my strength is tyrannical, I also need everyone's help to form a party with me so that I can stabilize my position in the Human Dynasty. " "At this point, we'll definitely attach ourselves to His Highness the Crown Prince."

Fa Wuxian said, "Help His Highness the Crown Prince annihilate the dissidents and seize power. Right now, there are countless empires in the Human Realm, countless magnates, and countless powerful Magic Treasures. Of course, we have to join forces to eradicate these existences that don't obey our orders. At the same time, we'll plunder their providence and Magic Treasures. That way, we can all advance to the Heavenly Realm."

At this moment, Fa Wuxian had obtained a fortuitous encounter and instantly reached the Divine Origin Realm. Of course, he still had to properly consolidate his cultivation. Using his Divine Origin Realm cultivation, he made a slight deduction and saw that the Human Realm was filled with opportunities and earth-shattering magnates. Compared to the Divine Central Continent and the Heavenly Realm of the past, the current Human Realm was a true paradise.

Back then, the Divine Central Continent and the Human Realm had indeed experienced an explosion of fortuitous encounters. But compared to the current Human Realm, it was like comparing a small puddle to a vast ocean.

"I'll devour everything and obtain my own providence. Gu Chensha, you abolished me but didn't kill me. That's your biggest mistake. Everyone has a chance. Even salted fish has a chance to turn things around, let alone me." Fa Wuxian swore in his heart.

"Alright, everyone, you're all people who were demoted by Gu Chensha. Now that I've rescued you, it's only natural that you'll obtain great fortuitous encounters. Although these fortuitous encounters were created by Gu Chensha, by allowing you to obtain them, Gu Chensha lacks you. Let's go. We'll have many more opportunities in the future." The group was led away by Zhang Yiren. In the Lord's Court. Inside the Taoist Ancestor's Palace. Hong Ling Sha was talking to someone.

These people were the 'Spell Ancestor' Dharma Saint, the 'Ancestor of Heaven' Wu Dangkong, and even the Otherworldly Ancestor 'Liu Chansha'.

Zhang Ziran had already recruited the Otherworldly Realm and conferred the title of the strongest among them, Liu Chansha, as the 'Otherworldly Ancestor'.

"Dharma Saint, you've actually betrayed the Heavenly Court. That's unbelievable."

Taoist Ancestor Hong Ling Sha said: "You've brought everyone from the Reform Department here. Do you want to seize the throne? Occupy the center? "

"I don't have that intention. The main characters of the Human Realm are humans. Zhang Ziran is called the Human Ancestor and has already obtained providence. I can't seize it, or I'll definitely suffer a backlash.

However, I've obtained some information. In the future, there will be more ancestors appearing one after another. For example, the Buddha … "Spell Ancestor Dharma Saint said.

"What? The Buddha? "'Ancestor of Heaven' Wu Dangkong frowned.

"That's right. We've all cultivated to the Heaven realm, so we can be called ancestors. This also means that we all have a supreme providence."

Dharma Saint said: "But we can directly devour the other ancestors and combine them. Do you all want to do this with me?"

"What other ancestors will appear in the future?" Taoist Ancestor Hong Ling Sha suddenly felt that the Dharma Saint in front of him was a bit unfathomable.

"How can I see through this with my cultivation?"

Dharma Saint didn't continue: "No matter what, there will be many ancestors appearing in the future. It won't benefit us at all. So we need to nip this matter in the bud. " While they were talking, Dharma Saint suddenly looked over: "Hm? The East Palace's providence has increased greatly. What's going on? " The East Palace was where the Crown Prince lived. It was also where Zhang Yi Ren was.

"This Crown Prince is not simple. His potential is much greater than ours."

Ancestor of Heaven Wu Dangkong said: "I can see that his ambition is not small. He has already expressed his intention to eliminate us.

After all, although Zhang Ziran is in power, we are all ancestors. We are on the same level as Zhang Ziran. This leads to a division of power. Zhang Yi Ren naturally wants to get rid of us and share our providence. This is the most obvious. " "This little brat, how can we allow him to behave atrociously."

Dharma Saint laughed coldly. He suddenly looked at 'Alien Ancestor' Liu Chansha: "Alien Ancestor, why aren't you saying anything?

Your world was created by Gu Chensha. After the human realm changed, you used this opportunity to obtain sacrificial power to enrich your world.

Now, you have obtained the identity of an alien ancestor and have finally cultivated to the Heaven realm. What do you think about this? "

"Zhang Yiren isn't anything to be afraid of. However, Ancestor of Law, you said that all of us are neck and neck with each other. I don't think that's entirely true. Right now, it's obvious that Ancestor Wu is the number one ancestor. He's above all of us. Even in the hearts of all living beings, Ancestor Wu is the strongest, the greatest, the greatest ancestor."

Alien Ancestor Liu Chansha said: "Therefore, I feel that we must get rid of this situation. Otherwise, even if we continue to operate, we will only be subservient to others. What is the difference between being an official under the Emperor Of Heaven? " "What you said makes sense. This is the most important thing."

Wu Dangkong said: "Now, there is nothing in the world that can restrict us. If we belong to the Heavenly Court, the Emperor Of Heaven has the power to kill us. As the ancestors of the human dynasty, we are the true supreme ancestors. However, this Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha is indeed oppressing us. If we don't get rid of this, everything will be empty talk." "Then what should we do?

We can't even find the Nihility Ancestor Gu Huasha now. Moreover, we can't ask Zhang Ziran to cancel the sacrificial ceremony for the Nihility Ancestor, right? Destroy the Nihility Ancestor Tablet? "Dharma Saint's eyes flashed with killing intent.