Chapter 256
===========

With the cooperation of the four experts, especially the Black Tortoise baby, powerful Stellar Qis and power of divinity fused the various ancient Dharma treasures. Days passed.

After a month, Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, and the Black Tortoise baby suddenly trembled. They felt that after such a long time, the various vital energies in the Dragon Gate had finally returned to the sea and fused into one. The Dragon Gate was even more ancient. It revealed the vicissitudes of history. It was the appearance of the primordial era.

Gu Chensha carefully felt the Dragon Gate and discovered that the power inside was surging. It was very different from a month ago. With just a slight circulation, a mysterious and vast aura surged over. Boom!

His Xiantian Stellar Qis fused with the Dragon Gate. The entire Dragon Gate gave birth to many runes. They were like true dragons swimming in it, causing his Xiantian Stellar Qis to be endless. There was also unparalleled mental strength contained within.

And in the process of refining Dharma treasures for a month, he refined his Xiantian Stellar Qis to be extremely pure. His mental strength was also cultivated to be flexible. At times, it would be sharp, and at other times, it would be gentle like spring water.

Lou Baiyue, The Fourth, and the Black Tortoise baby also obtained great benefits. They were all very satisfied.

"It's done."

A smile appeared on Lou Baiyue's face. "The power of this Dragon Gate has increased by at least ten times. The next time Chensha, even if you encounter Que Ying 'er, you will be able to fight her. And if we join forces, we will definitely be able to suppress her in the depths of the Dragon Gate, never to rise again." "What about the Book of Heavenly Demon?" Gu Chensha thought of many ideas.

"I'll study the Book of Heavenly Demon. With the Great Massacre Divine Art, I might be able to unlock some of its secrets. Even if it doesn't work, I'll be able to extract demonic souls from it and devour them."

Lou Baiyue waved and the Book of Heavenly Demon flew into her hand. "I've also comprehended a lot this month. I can use the fate of the green and white snakes to open this book." "The earlier we can comprehend this book, the more we'll have a foundation."

Gu Chensha nodded. "Since that's the case, I'll go look for Wen Hong now. I hope I can get pointers from him regarding the reincarnation of Xing Chen. If I can form an alliance with him to deal with the future, that would be for the best."

"Now, everything is ready. We've been cultivating for the past few days, so we haven't taken care of the affairs of the Tranquil Immortal Department. We have to go back and dismantle the alliance between Wu Dangkong and Gu Tanjian."

Lou Baiyue and The Fourth both felt that the Calming Immortal Department had too many matters to handle, making it difficult for everyone to focus on their cultivation.

"Alright then."

Gu Chensha knew that getting in touch with Wen Hong was an important matter. If he could gain this giant's alliance, everything could be easily resolved. After discussing for a while, they split up and left. The baby Black Tortoise continued to dig into the ground to manage its nest.

Gu Chensha flew up and activated the Dragon Gate within his body. In an instant, he seemed to be able to teleport and was already thousands of miles away. The strength of the Dragon Gate and the speed at which it changed were beyond his imagination.

He didn't even need to breathe to guide Spiritual Energy. Within the depths of the Dragon Gate, a huge amount of energy would surge out.

This Dragon Gate was no longer the Dragon Gate from a month ago. It was merged with many materials, a set of God Dragon Armor, the King Dragon Armor that he cultivated so hard, the Demon Descending Blade, the ancient Emperor Treasure, the Ten Thousand Mile Flying Cloud Flag, the Vast Thousand Mirror, the Xuanhao Dragon Ship, and the Nine Saint Dragon Celestial Weapon.

With so many precious treasures merged into it, along with the hard work of everyone, it was really mysterious.

Gu Chensha was one of the people who crafted it, so naturally, he was familiar with the changes in the Dragon Gate.

He only felt really good. At the same time, he didn't dare to let down his guard. He used his own energy and soul tentacles to enter the various spaces in the depths of the Dragon Gate. He treated them as a part of his body and used the Common People Heaven Mending Technique to cultivate.

He didn't use the Sun and Moon Refinement Technique to refine the treasure. Instead, he used the Common People Heaven Mending Technique that he comprehended.

The Sun and Moon Refinement Technique was really exquisite but the Common People Heaven Mending Technique was something that Gu Chensha comprehended himself. Using the Heart of Common People to make up for the flaws in the Heaven Dao was already in line with his Dao. It could also completely repair the Dragon Gate.

Using the Common People Heaven Mending Technique to refine the Dragon Gate day and night, Gu Chensha's own cultivation would also increase. Not only that, in a few years or decades, along with the increase in his cultivation, it would merge with his body. In the future, it would be really beneficial for the changes after the 18 Dao Realm Transformation.

For example, when one was trying to break through to the 19th, if one could find a treasure to merge into one's body and allow one's body to expand, then the success rate would increase by a little.

"If Que Ying 'er comes to kill me now, with just me alone, I can catch her off guard and make her suffer a great loss." Gu Chensha secretly prepared.

In just a short while, he arrived at the depths of the Barbarian Land, the place where he met Wen Hong last time.

That day, he and Chen Lingyun came and flew for a few days and nights. Now, in just an hour, they were already here.

Below was an endless lake. There were many islands scattered all over the lake which corresponded to the stars in the sky.

The last time he came here, his cultivation was not high, and his vision was very shallow. But now, his cultivation was many times higher than before, and his understanding of the stars was very accurate. He could immediately see that this place was not as simple as it seemed on the surface. It seemed that Wen Hong had set up a big plan here. In the depths of the lake, countless star power swam in the earth veins, opening up something that vaguely resembled a world. Opening up a grotto-heaven was close to the power of a god.

It was to use unparalleled strength to split open the void and create a huge space that belonged to oneself in the void. Till now, Gu Chensha still couldn't understand such cultivation.

Although there was a giant space in the depths of his Dragon Gate, that was the result of many ancient treasures merging and he didn't open it himself.

Just as he was about to observe from the sky and see how he would meet Wen Hong, a stream of star power suddenly rushed out from the island below, transforming into a bridge.

A person walked over from the bridge. It was Chen Lingyun. She made a welcoming gesture, "The Grand Tutor predicted that you would come and ordered me to wait for you here. As expected, you came."

Gu Chensha frowned slightly. However, he knew that Wen Hong was probably able to predict the past and future. This was not surprising.

"Aunty's cultivation has improved so quickly recently." Gu Chensha nodded his head, "It seems like in a few months, you will be able to cultivate the Glass Jade Body." "How can I be as quick as you?"

Chen Lingyun said angrily, "It seems like you haven't been having a good time recently. Are you here to look for the Grand Tutor?"

"Aunty, what are you saying? I'm now in charge of the Calming Immortal Department. A few days ago, I obtained the ancient treasure, the Book of Heavenly Demon, and cultivated a divine ability. My days are getting smoother." Gu Chensha laughed and naturally wouldn't show weakness in front of Chen Lingyun.

"The Heavenly Talisman Emperor is in seclusion. I'm afraid there's a problem. The imperial court is already unstable. That woman from the Wu Clan is presiding over the situation in the study, which is even more disadvantageous to you. I think the situation is already in danger. However, even if you don't come to look for the Grand Tutor, he will talk to you. Follow me." Chen Lingyun led Gu Chensha down the bridge of stars.

Just as Gu Chensha got off the bridge of stars, he felt that he didn't arrive at the island below. Instead, the world was spinning and he entered an inexplicable space.

This space was extremely large and probably had a radius of hundreds of kilometers. There were countless twinkling stars in the sky, and their gentle light sprinkled on the ground.

In this space, there were many pavilions, pagodas, and palaces. They formed an array formation and suppressed the operations of this space.

"Could this be the grotto-heaven created by the Grand Tutor?" Gu Chensha asked.

"That's right."

A great force pulled him to the top of a palace. He could see the entire situation of the grotto-heaven. "These palaces are transformed from the Buzhou Palace." Gu Chensha saw Wen Hong.

At this moment, Wen Hong was dressed like a scholar. He was thin and tall, like a great scholar who was worried about the common people.

"Because I needed a very long time to create my own grotto-heaven, I took away the Buzhou Palace and used this Dharma treasure of the ancient Son of Heaven Zhou to quickly suppress the surrounding void. Now, I've finally succeeded," Wen Hong said, "I know why you are here. Are you thinking of taking away the Dharma treasure, the Buzhou Palace?" "Uncle Hong is worrying too much."

Gu Chensha said, "We recently obtained the Book of Heavenly Demon and don't have much interest in this palace. If Uncle Hong can teach us the method to open the Book of Heavenly Demon, how about giving this Buzhou Palace to Uncle Hong?" "Hahaha, why would I covet this Buzhou Palace?"

Wen Hong laughed. "There will naturally be a time when the Book of Heavenly Demon is truly opened. There are many reasons and I can't forcefully interfere.

However, from the looks of it, you and Lou Baiyue are indeed blessed to be able to obtain such a treasure. This is also where fate lies.

Also, is your main purpose of coming here to ask about the whereabouts of the reincarnated Xing Chen? " "Uncle Hong's calculations are flawless."

Gu Chensha knew that he probably couldn't hide anything in front of such a person. "However, Wu Qu Xing's reincarnation was taken away by Chang Weiyang of the Universe Mystic Gate. Uncle Hong didn't do anything?"

"That Chang Weiyang is an anomaly. She has broken through the restrictions of the Mandate of Heaven and won't be restricted by her aptitude. I am not her match at the moment. "

Wen Hong didn't hide his words at all. "There aren't many such anomalies since the ancient times. There are even fewer anomalies that can break through the Mandate of Heaven than Natural Saints." "Then what is Father? Is he also an anomaly? "Gu Chensha asked.

"That's not it."

Wen Hong shook his head. "Celestial Stepping is a level that even I can't understand. I can't explain it to you. If you ask me about the whereabouts of those reincarnated Xing Chen, I can tell you. However, it is best for you to deduce it yourself. I will pass my Ten Thousand Star Flying Celestial Technique to you. You can combine it with the 28 Constellations Fiend Transformation and you should be able to comprehend the mysteries within." While they were speaking. Gu Chensha felt an extremely profound intent being transmitted into the depths of his mind.

The Ten Thousand Star Flying Celestial Technique was a supreme technique that Wen Hong comprehended. It was also a Dao that belonged to him. It was a self-created technique like Gu Chensha's Common People Heaven Mending Technique.

Gu Chensha also knew that if he could deduce it, his cultivation would increase really quickly. This Wen Hong was teaching him how to fish.