Chapter 960
===========

Chapter 957: The Three Corpses Chapter 957: The Three Corpses

"Before this person died, he seemed to have comprehended some secret of the Dragonless Heart Sutra. Although the comprehension was very shallow, he seemed to be a talent that could be nurtured. The Heavenly Court was cruel and merciless. They used heavenly lightning to blast this courtyard into powder."

The Grand Feather Sand pondered for a moment and cast a small spell. It immediately sucked the young man into its own world.

Soon after, the entire courtyard was blasted to pieces by the heavenly lightning. The people around the courtyard fled like rats.

"Everyone, don't panic. This family cultivates evil arts and harms living beings. The gods in heaven found out, so they used heavenly lightning to eliminate the evil."

An hour later, the magistrate in the city seemed to have received some kind of news. He had the bailiffs beat the gongs and the streets were filled with noise. At the same time, he sent people to clean up the mess.

Hong Ling Sha saw that the Soul Reapers had left and the place had settled down. He couldn't help but shake his head, "Father, look at this remote place in the human world. Even the Yin Gods of the underworld and the Thunder Soldiers from the heavens have come to work together with the officials in the human world to manage the lives of the common people. This is really like the ancient saying, 'Look up three feet above your head'." "That's not all."

Ancestor Hong Yun said, "You see, there are gods in every household. In every house, there are at least Door Gods, Illumination Gods, and Toilet Gods. These small gods are also supervising the affairs of every household. In addition, there is a Land God within ten miles, and a City God within thirty miles. These gods supervise the human world, and they manage the human world like an iron bucket. "

"However, this is only on the surface. There is still no way to monitor people's hearts. I think the Emperor Of Heaven is going to make his move soon." Hong Ling Sha said.

Just when the Grand Plume Sand had entered the Human Realm and was looking for opportunities to spread its faith, gather offerings, and search for those people who had been reincarnated from the mutated origin, in the center of the Heaven, the Dharma Saint was reporting some matters to the Emperor Of Heaven.

"Your Majesty, Emperor Of Heaven, I have recently brought all the Sky Primordial Realm, Heavenly Longevity Realm, and Heavenly Venerable Realm cultivators into the reform department. However, I have yet to find those who have obtained the variant origin hidden in the Human Realm. Also, I have recently cleaned up many common people who are secretly cultivating the Dragonless Mantra. However, they are all small fish and shrimps. There are no big fish among them." The Dharma Saint said.

"You've already done very well."

The Celestial Thearch was very appreciative. "You've gathered all of these variables and provided them with powerful sacrificial offerings. With the power of these sacrificial offerings, the Heavenly Court will be able to create many gods and completely govern the Human Realm.

However, the hearts of the people in the Human Realm are still unsettled. They have yet to fully understand the power of the Heavenly Court. Moreover, it is difficult to subdue the hearts of the people. Therefore, I have prepared an even more powerful method. "

"Your Majesty, what method are you going to use?" The Dharma Saint was somewhat aghast. He felt that the Emperor Of Heaven in front of him was becoming more and more profound.

"Three Corpses God."

The Emperor Of Heaven moved his palm. Immediately, three rays of light appeared in front of the Dharma Saint. Within these three rays of light, there were three twisted talismans. The talismans were curved like insects. These three insects seemed to contain some kind of immortal and undying power. They were constantly wriggling and emitting some kind of information.

Upon seeing these three bugs, the Warlock Saint felt as if all the secrets in his heart had been seen through. These three bugs were constantly reporting their thoughts to the Celestial Thearch, as well as their good and evil intentions.

"This is the Three Corpses God. I will spread it to everyone in the world. The purpose of this Three Corpses God is to constantly report to the Heavenly Court about the thoughts and movements of all living beings. This is the only way to ensure that nothing goes wrong. My cultivation has broken through again. I have finally cultivated the Three Corpses God. My cultivation is now on par with Gu Chensha. As long as the Three Corpses God spreads throughout the Human Realm, the control of the Heavenly Court will increase. My cultivation will break through to the limit. As time passes, I will become more and more tyrannical. At that time, I will be able to kill Gu Chensha."

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "Dharma Saint, now spread the Three Corpses God. Fuse it into the Human Realm's crystal wall. As long as someone breathes it, the Three Corpses God will enter their body." "Yes!" The Dharma Saint carefully carried the Three Corpses God and left the Heavenly Court.

"Hmm?"

In the Human Realm, Gu Chensha's incarnation followed the Hongling Sand. Suddenly, he noticed that the Human Realm seemed to have changed a little. The entire void of the Human Realm seemed to have been infiltrated by something extremely powerful.

His eyes flickered slightly and he saw that in the sky of the human world, there seemed to be an endless amount of insects mixed in the power of the human world. Not only were these insects invisible to the naked eye, but they could also not be sensed by magic power and spirit.

In an instant, these insects were mixed in the power of the Human Realm and spread to the bodies of many living beings, hiding in the depths of their minds.

Gu Chensha casually looked at a person and found that there were three insects in his body. These three insects didn't cause any harm to the body and cultivation, but they were constantly transmitting the information of the person to the Heavenly Court. The Heavenly Court obtained the information of the person's good and evil, thoughts, and so on.

"The Heavenly Sovereign is indeed powerful. After stabilizing the Human Realm, he quickly advanced and refined this thing called the Three Corpses God. This thing is formless and incorporeal. It accompanies everyone's body and mind and monitors everything. In the past, the Door God, Toilet God, and Mirror God were monitoring every household. But now, these Three Corpses Gods are monitoring everyone's mind.

If my Dragonless Heart Sutra allows all living beings to completely break the shackles of the mind and obtain great freedom, then the Emperor Of Heaven's Dao is completely on the extreme side of mine. He is using extreme supervision to greatly restrict the freedom of all living beings. Even their minds can't run wild, or else they will suffer in the reincarnation cycle. This Dao is so extreme that it's simply unimaginable. "

Gu Chensha looked at the changes in the Human Realm and shook his head, "But with the Emperor Of Heaven's changes, my Dragonless Heart Sutra can also produce new changes. Anyone who cultivates my Dragonless Heart Sutra can sever the Three Corpses in their body, escape the supervision, and obtain freedom. The more the Heavenly Court does this, the greater the backlash will be. Everyone's mind values freedom, and this freedom cannot be erased. With the Emperor Of Heaven's actions, even Heavenly Queen Hongling Sand will be disloyal. " Gu Chensha had been following the Hongling Sand all along.

The Hongling Sand had already comprehended the true essence of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and when the Human Realm changed, she also felt something strange.

"The Emperor Of Heaven is actually monitoring everyone's mind."

The Hongling Sand said, "Everyone, be careful, the Human Realm is changing again. Three worms have appeared in the Human Realm's red dust energy, and these three worms have infiltrated people's bodies to monitor their minds. This is no small matter, even Heavenly Primordial cultivators can't resist it.

But as long as you cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, you can rely on the power of the Dragonless Heart Sutra to resist the invasion of the three worms, and even kill them. "

"The Heavenly Court is really vicious. Monitoring every household is not enough, but monitoring everyone's mind. He even had to monitor everyone's hearts. This was simply perverted. He's insane. "

A Heavenly Primordial cultivator hurriedly used the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and felt as if there was indeed something hiding in his body, but as he used the Dragonless Heart Sutra, these things were either expelled or destroyed in his body.

"This thing is called Three Corpses Gods."

The Hongling Sand said, "Just now, I silently used the Dragonless Heart Sutra to monitor heaven and earth, and obtained a lot of information.

These Three Corpses Gods are transformed by the Emperor Of Heaven, and are used to strengthen his rule over the Human Realm.

We cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and can resist it, but some people with mutated source don't cultivate it, and will probably show their forms. " "Then this is our chance."

Ancestor Hong Yun said, "Daughter, I know you want to subdue that Gu Daoxian, but his cultivation is extremely strong. Even if you cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, you probably won't be his match." "That might not be the case."

The Hongling Sand said, "I calculated, if Gu Daoxian uses his full power, his power is probably tens of thousands of yuan, or even 100,000 yuan.

That is the power of tens of thousands of worlds combined, and I cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, stimulating my own spirit power, and growing day and night. Now, it is only a few hundred yuan, or a thousand yuan, a hundred times weaker than Gu Daoxian. But as long as I obtain a large number of sacrifices, and use the Dragonless Heart Sutra to extract immortality from the sacrifices. Very quickly, it will grow to dozens of times, or even a hundred times.

Once the Dragonless Heart Sutra is completed, it is like a cup turning into an ocean. But right now, the ocean is dry, so we just need to pour seawater into it. The seawater is the power of the sacrifices. "

"Under these circumstances, the supervision of the Heavenly Court is getting stricter and stricter. How can we gather the sacrifices?" asked a Heavenly Longevity Realm expert.

"I can already sense the existence of that Gu Daoxian. He can't wait any longer."

The Hongling Sand said, "Let's go. Let's see how he turns the world upside down. This time, the Celestial Thearch used the Three Corpses Deity to monitor the world. Although it is an extremely powerful method, it will also cause a backlash from all living beings. No living being wants to have the Three Corpses Deity constantly monitoring them, especially cultivators, who must keep their hearts pure. There are also many people with mutated sources who are restless. " "Then let's go and take a look," said Ancestor Hong Yun.

Under the lead of the Hongling Sand, the group of people went to another place in the Human Realm. At this time, Gu Chensha also naturally followed behind.

This group of people moved as fast as lightning, teleporting in an instant. The Hongling Sand activated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and it circulated freely in the Human Realm. Not long after, the Hongling Sand arrived at a brand new land.

This brand new land seemed to have not been ruled by the Great Hong Dynasty, which meant that it was still outside of civilization. There were no new countries here, and there were some idle commoners everywhere.

However, these commoners were all worshipping a black and white god, and this black and white god was Gu Daoxian. When Gu Daoxian appeared, his appearance was that of a black and white youth.