Chapter 757
===========

After Gu Chensha obtained the God Land Gourd, his strength increased by leaps and bounds with each breath. Using Xing Qiongshi's head as the foundation to craft a treasure, only his Heaven Path Technique along with the even more profound God Land Technique could achieve this.

Apart from that, even if the three Sky Venerables and the ancient Son of Heaven worked together, they wouldn't be able to suppress Xing Qiongshi's will.

If Xing Qiongshi's God Land Technique was activated, it could destroy everything and cause the entire God Land to sink. The three Sky Venerables would be heavily injured and one or two might even die.

But in front of Gu Chensha, Xing Qiongshi couldn't use the God Land Technique at all. This was because Gu Chensha's God Land Technique was much more profound than his and it would scatter his God Land Intent such that he wouldn't be able to borrow the power of the God Land. This was why he was restricted.

He refined Thunder God into Marquis Common People's Marquis and absorbed Thunder God's God Country. After obtaining Thunder God's True God position, he used the Heaven Sacrifice Talisman and Son of Heaven Power to merge with one another. The God Land Gourd's power had pretty much merged with him. In the end, the person was the treasure and the treasure was the person. Then, he would be able to obtain the power of the God Land. Gu Chensha wanted to refine the God Land Gourd into the top treasure. He casually entered the Chaos Demon Ape's God Country.

The Chaos Demon Ape's God Country was stronger than Thunder God's God Country but it was still a small-sized world and couldn't block Gu Chensha's infiltration. Gu Chensha carried the power of the God Land Gourd and could even infiltrate a medium-sized world. His own strength was much stronger than in the real world.

"This is the Chaos Demon Ape's God Country?"

Gu Chensha entered the God Country and noticed that it was filled with birds and flowers. Apart from that, there were many books. In many places in the Divine Kingdom, books floated in the air, emitting the fragrance of books.

The Chaos Demon Ape's God Country was covered by the scent of books and there was no demonic energy at all.

At the very center of the Divine Kingdom was an altar. A middle-aged Confucian scholar sat cross-legged on top of the altar. He wore a loose and simple Confucian robe, and he held a book in his hand. In front of him was a Go board, and he was playing a game.

The temperament of this middle-aged Confucian was elegant and unrestrained. He was simply the ultimate of the ancient sages. It seemed that this was not the Divine Kingdom of the Chaotic Devil Ape, but the Kingdom of the Sage of Literature.

At that moment, the middle-aged Confucian put down his scroll and looked at where Gu Chensha was and said, "It's a pleasure to have a friend come from afar …" "Oh?

He actually discovered me. This Chaotic Demonic Deity Ape is unfathomable. He seems to have completely refined the demonic energy and turned into a human. This is unimaginable. "

Gu Chensha knew that it was very easy for demons to transform into human form, but it was almost impossible to completely refine their demonic nature and become human.

Humans were humans, and demons were demons. Between humans and demons, the difference in temperament could be said to be clear and turbid.

This could be seen from the sacrifices. The Monster Race's sacrifices were cold and strange, carrying a demonic aura. Meanwhile, the human's sacrifices were mellow and upright, full of spirituality and wisdom. They had endless possibilities. This was the reason why humans were the most intelligent of all living things. Therefore, many gods hoped to be worshipped by humans.

If they really couldn't do it, they would settle for the next best thing, which was to get the sacrifices of demons and other living beings.

The most profound theoretical research in Gu Chensha's Great People's Enlightenment Scripture was how to turn demons into humans. However, he hadn't succeeded yet. But this Chaotic Demonic Deity Ape had actually reached this point.

"It seems like I have underestimated this Chaotic Demonic Deity Ape? But it still can't change his fate. "Gu Chensha showed himself. He held the Divine Land Gourd and smiled, "Chaotic Demonic Deity Ape, do you know who I am?" "Strange person."

This man who looked like a Confucian was actually the Chaotic Demonic Deity Ape. His eyes opened and closed as he looked at Gu Chensha, "Dao Realm 29 Changes, Chaos Realm. You aren't even at the God Realm, but you are actually so strong. I felt Thunder God disappear. You should have broken his God Kingdom and refined him.

You were able to kill and refine a god without anyone noticing. It's really terrifying. You appeared here today because you want me to become like the God of Thunder, right? " "How smart."

Gu Chensha clapped his hands and said, "Demonic Ape God of Confusion, you have cultivated to have such a temperament. You are able to know your destiny and know your fortune. It seems that you have prepared for this? Did the death of the Thunder God a few hours ago cause you to be wary? " "Heaven Path Technique!"

The Chaotic Demonic Deity Ape looked at the calm Gu Chensha and his expression became solemn, "There is actually someone who can cultivate the Heaven Path Technique?

Apart from that, your gourd contains Xing Qiongshi's will. You released him and then refined him into a treasure. " "Then, how are you going to deal with me?" Gu Chensha didn't attack right away.

"You shouldn't be from this world. Even the supreme existences, the old antiques at the Heaven Longevity Realm, wouldn't dare to be as reckless as you. No one would dare to break the balance and put themselves at the center of the tribulation. You killed Thunder God and caused the start of a tribulation. In this tribulation, you won't be able to control yourself." The Chaotic Demonic Deity Ape said.

"This is nothing. Tribulation or not, it's all child's play in front of me.

However, I believe that there is always a way out. Chaotic Demonic Ape, if you help me accomplish great things, I can let you go. I won't let you end up like the God of Thunder. "Gu Chensha didn't care what this monkey had prepared. He was going to use force to break through.

"I'm afraid it won't be so simple. Do you really think we gods are blind?

Thunder God's death didn't cause much of a commotion, but it was even scarier that he disappeared without a trace.

It's not child's play to have one less God Kingdom in the sky. "The Chaotic Demonic Deity Ape said slowly," Lord The Great Spirit God, what do you think? "

As soon as the words were spoken, a terrifying aura started to circulate and once again condensed into a human figure on the altar. This human figure was extremely blurry and was unable to condense into a physical form. It was as if it was formed from the condensation of smoke and clouds. However, its transformations were unpredictable, far surpassing that of Divine level and Saints. The aura of a Celestial Master and even a Heaven Longevity Realm appeared on this figure. This was the The Great Spirit God.

Gu Chensha wanted to see what the The Great Spirit God looked like, but this God still didn't show himself, just like Wan Senshi.

"No wonder you're so calm. You actually have the help of The Great Spirit God." Gu Chensha looked at the Chaotic Demonic Deity Ape.

"Lord The Great Spirit God, what do you think of this matter? What's the origin of this person?

Is it really as you said, that the world that doesn't belong to us is the most ferocious, the most vicious, the most destructive tribulation, and even the enemy of the Heavenly Dao? "The Chaotic Demonic Ape God asked the Mighty Miracle God.

"Gu Chensha, it's been a long time." At this time, the Great Spirit God, who had transformed into a cloud of smoke, said to Gu Chensha.

"The Great Spirit God, your cultivation is indeed profound."

Gu Chensha narrowed his eyes. The The Great Spirit God in the real world was terrifying, and the The Great Spirit God in this dream world was equally terrifying. The The Great Spirit God in front of him seemed to have seen through his origin.

"I originally thought that the tribulation would only begin in the 36th year of the Heavenly Talisman. I didn't expect that the tribulation has already brewed in the 33rd year of the Heavenly Talisman."

The Great Spirit God said, "You appeared out of nowhere and first found the Son of Heaven, Wen Hong, and used all kinds of means to bewitch him, so that he actually believed your bewitchment. Throughout the dynasties, there have been many cases of demons bewitching the Emperor, but you are the first to bewitch the Son of Heaven. The Son of Heaven has the Decree of Heaven Sacrifice.

He is a Sage with profound cultivation and can suppress everything. No demons or ghosts can get close to him. It can be seen that you are the embodiment of the legendary Heavenly Tribulation. Otherwise, you wouldn't have been able to cultivate the Heavenly Dao Technique. "

"The Great Spirit God, you have guessed some things, but you will never be able to guess the truth of the matter. Today, are you here to stop me from refining the Chaotic World Demon Ape?

Don't forget, you are a righteous god, and the Chaotic World Demon Ape is an evil god. If the two of you are together, I am afraid there will be great disadvantages. "Gu Chensha said.

"Wen Hong has been bewitched by you, and he can no longer sit on the throne of the Son of Heaven. Once he loses his virtue, he will gradually lose the favor of the Heavenly Dao. "

The Great Spirit God's body was like a cloud of smoke, and it seemed like he would pounce at any time. "Also, if I let you kill the True Gods one by one, when the time comes, no one will be able to stop you." "Is that so?" Gu Chensha said, "It seems like you can't stop me today either.

Because I can see that this body of yours is just an incarnation. Your real body is plotting something big, and you are preparing to devour and refine the Sorcerer Ancestor. " While speaking, Gu Chensha's body moved, and his power poured into the Divine Land Gourd. Boom!

The Divine Land Gourd began to expand, and an extremely strong suction force came from it. In an instant, it pulled the Spirit Kingdom of the Spirit World of the Chaotic World of the Chaotic World, and a large amount of the power of the world poured into it.

"As expected, you want to kill me. Do you really want to wipe out the True Gods like this? Do you want to kill all the True Gods in the world? "

The Chaotic World Demon Ape suddenly threw a scroll in his hand. Suddenly, countless beautiful articles appeared in the book, and suddenly, the Spirit Kingdom of the Spirit World of the Chaotic World of the Chaotic World was stabilized.

At this time, the Great Spirit God's cloud of smoke had already seeped in, invisible and unpredictable.

"Paramita Golden Mountain! All Buddhas Are Me! Divine Land Unite, Heaven and Earth God Sacrifice! "

Suddenly, Gu Chensha activated some secret method, and a large amount of golden light suddenly gushed out of the Divine Land Gourd. In this light, there was an endless Buddha's Light, which was the power of the Paramita Golden Mountain. This was a medium-class world.

In addition, the supreme power of the Paramita Golden Mountain carried hundreds of millions of Buddhas. It seemed like the whole Buddhism had turned to Gu Chensha, and Gu Chensha had finally become the Lord of All Buddhas.