Chapter 206
===========

Bao Ming 'er and Gu Chensha were at each other's throats. Their tone was tense, and a fight could break out at any moment.

"It's true that we serve our own masters, but I feel that the Great Wei Dynasty does not necessarily have to conquer the Divine Prefecture. We, the Yongchō, will also not conquer the Yongchō. We can trade with each other, merge, and become one. There will be no distinction between us, and the world will be united. Isn't that great?

The two sides will kill each other, and the people will suffer. That is not what you want. "Gu Chensha tried his best to persuade her.

"Naive!"

Bao Ming 'er laughed coldly. "Since ancient times, kindness does not command armies, righteousness does not do business, and benevolence does not govern. When two countries fight, there will always be killing. You are familiar with history. There are thousands of small countries in the Divine Prefecture. Divided for a long time, united for a long time, divided for a long time. Even when the Heavenly Talisman Emperor conquered the world, did he not kill?"

"Even if that's the case, we can still deal with it." Gu Chensha spoke frankly with assurance, "Actually, I really can't feel any hostility towards you, sister.

I think that Elder Sister does not really have absolute power in the Great Wei Dynasty. The matters of the court are the court's, and our relationship is personal. Actually, I can see that Elder Sister is not pursuing the strengthening of the dynasty, but her own longevity.

To be honest, a person's life is extremely short. Even with the Glass Jade Body, it is only three hundred years, and with the Golden Dan of the Great Path, it is a thousand years. I don't think Sister has cultivated the Golden Dan of the Great Path. " "Could it be that you can improve my talent?"

Bao Ming 'er looked at Gu Chensha. "However, even if your Dragon Gate merges with the Sun Swallowing Serpent Pouch, it can only create the Dragon Raising Pill, which can turn people into geniuses. It cannot be an unparalleled prodigy." "I know someone who has the Dragon Making Pill."

Gu Chensha looked closely at Bao Ming 'er and was very sincere. "I think Sister's talent is already at the peak of genius. Actually, you are only a step away from being an unparalleled prodigy. If you can obtain a Dragon Making Pill, you can immediately become an unparalleled prodigy. " "Oh? You are not using me again, are you? "

Bao Ming 'er frowned. "You can't be easily trusted. You look honest on the surface, but you are actually very cunning." "Sister, you must be joking. I just want to improve our relationship through cooperation.

Even enemy countries have trade relations, not to mention you and me. "Gu Chensha was not angry from beginning to end. His temper was as calm as an ancient well, clear, gentle, and had his own bearing.

"Then tell me, where can I find the Dragon Creation Pill?" Bao Ming 'er asked.

"Sister, what do you think of The Great Spirit God?" Gu Chensha asked instead of answering.

"The Great Spirit God is not the strongest among the ancient gods, but he is the most cunning."

Bao Ming 'er said seriously, "He was a cultivator in the Untainted Age. He also obtained some things from the Untainted Dragon Gate, which greatly increased his lifespan. Later, he assisted an ancient emperor and obtained the position of god. This god also had a temple in our Dawei Dynasty. Some people worshiped it and received a response. However, the incense was cut off more than ten years ago."

"But he seems to have reappeared in the world recently. Moreover, he has supported an agent, and that agent has the Dragon Creation Pill in his hands," Gu Chensha said.

"As expected."

Bao Ming 'er stretched out her finger and pointed. "You, you still want to use me. If my guess is correct, that person should be your enemy. Tell me, who is it?" "My big brother, Gu Hengsha's son, Gu Tanjian."

Gu Chensha did not hide anything. "Sister, you can investigate. This person was originally of above average talent, but now he has become an unparalleled genius." "Is there such a thing?"

Bao Ming 'er was shocked. "This person is also in my intelligence reports. He is sinister and has average talent. How did he become an unparalleled genius without anyone knowing?"

Gu Chensha smiled and did not answer. He knew that Bao Ming 'er would definitely find out for herself.

As expected, Bao Ming 'er seemed to have activated some kind of talisman. The talisman flashed, and after a while, she nodded. "Indeed, this is strange." "I have told you a big secret. At least I am showing some sincerity."

Gu Chensha knew that The Great Spirit God was not to be trifled with. Bao Ming 'er had a powerful background, so why not use the Dragon Creation Pill and the Dragon Raising Pill as bait to lure the tiger to devour the wolf, beating the grass to the grass and alerting the snake. Once the big fish, The Great Spirit God, appeared, he would then take advantage of the situation.

"What kind of sincerity is this?" Bao Ming 'er pouted. "The Great Spirit God is not to be trifled with. Are you asking me to test him?"

"That is part of my intention, but it is more about working together. Look, we are working very well together."

Gu Chensha pointed at the fief outside. "Look, my fief is becoming more and more prosperous. With the Black Tortoise's Nest as the foundation, I gather all sorts of resources in the Wilderness and make all sorts of pills. I think the Great Wei Dynasty needs these things too. I can sign a trade agreement with you. With your strength and management, can't you benefit the people of both dynasties?

What the Great Wei Dynasty lacks, our Yongchō has. What the Yongchō lacks, the Great Wei Dynasty also has. Now that we are trying to establish trade, both of us can immediately develop and grow. I think with your foresight, it is impossible for you to not see this business opportunity. " Bao Ming 'er fell silent. She was indeed thinking of a feasible plan.

Anyone could see that if they could really establish trade, she and Gu Chensha would benefit greatly.

Her fief in the Great Wei Dynasty had hundreds of millions of people. It consumed a lot, and required a lot of resources. At the same time, it was a huge market.

Moreover, with Gu Chensha's methods combined with hers, it was not impossible for them to create a holy land of trade here.

"In short, putting aside the conflicts between countries, if we work together, the advantages outweigh the disadvantages."

Gu Chensha saw that Bao Ming 'er was a little tempted, and quickly added fuel to the fire. "I can also help you advance in the Great Wei Dynasty and seize more power.

Think about it, my Dragon Gate, as long as it can absorb enough Xiantian Gang Qi, experts' Primordial Spirits, Blood Essences, and even various ancient magical items, it can produce a Dragon Pill, which is similar to the Ancient Dragon Raising Pill. It can raise a person to become a genius. With such a treasure, I can train many subordinates for you. That's not all, I also have a large number of Tiger-Wolf Pills! "

"I know that you have Tiger-Wolf Pills, but I have my doubts as to how many you have. Tiger-Wolf Pills can train talented generals. If I have a large number of these pills, I can save a lot of trouble in my fief." Bao Ming 'er was indeed tempted by the pill.

Tiger-Wolf Pills could directly raise a person's aptitude to mid-level, giving them the nature of a tiger and wolf. This was a talented general who could govern a county and lead thousands of troops.

As for high-grade aptitude, it was a talented general who could govern a province or a prefecture, and be a governor with ease.

Even with the prosperity of the Great Yongchō court, it was impossible for all the county magistrates to be mid-level talented generals.

Actually, most of the local officials were mediocre. Occasionally, there would be one or two talented generals who would be promoted long ago.

If all the local officials were talented generals, then the world would be at least ten times more prosperous.

Whether it was Gu Chensha or Bao Ming 'er, they both knew that governing the world depended mainly on the county magistrate. The so-called county magistrate was the Marquis of the Hundred Li, who governed the people. Only after being trained with Tiger-Wolf Pills could they be fully competent and develop.

"I can provide a large number of Tiger-Wolf Pills for you, Sister."

Gu Chensha did not beat around the bush. "If the two of us work together and open up trade between the Great Wei Dynasty and the Great Yongchō Dynasty, we can also act as a link and improve the friendship between the two dynasties. Think about it, even if the Great Wei Dynasty wanted to take over the Divine Prefecture, it would not be easy. With the strength of the Great Yongchō, if the two fought, you would probably suffer a great loss. Is this a blessing for the country?

Sister is loyal to the country for the sake of the people, not for the ambition of a certain person. " "What you say makes sense."

Bao Ming 'er sat down again, her tone much warmer. "I've observed your words and actions. You're not an ambitious person. What are your thoughts now?"

"Let's work together and turn this fief into a holy land of commerce. Here, anything can be bought. Even the people of the Immortal Dao have to come here to do business." Gu Chensha said.

"You're quite ambitious. This is a matter of heavenly law."

Bao Ming 'er said. "The ancient Emperor's Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman was just like that. With this talisman, one can communicate with the heavens. After the sacrifice, one can exchange their soul for anything." "Indeed."

Gu Chensha nodded. "Of course, this matter needs to be discussed at length. Also, I have another question. Is the envoy from the Great Wei Dynasty related to you?" "That has nothing to do with me.

It's the other Dragon Master, Gu Huo. He's a genius of the Great Wei Dynasty that hasn't appeared in a thousand years. In other words, he's an unparalleled genius. His talent is no less than that of your subordinate, Long Zaifei. His cultivation is far above mine, and he's cultivated to the Golden Dan of the Great Dao. However, he's been hiding in Baoyu Country, not showing himself. He's just waiting for you to walk into his trap. "

Bao Ming 'er finally revealed the important information. "What?" Gu Chensha was shocked. "The Great Wei Dynasty sent someone like that for Baoyu Country?

If he's at the level of a Golden Dan of the Great Dao, then even if I sent Luluha from the Church of the Prison God, he wouldn't be a match for him. I'm afraid they'll all be wiped out. "

"Gu Huo is not an ordinary person. He created the Nine Calamities Transformation Technique and combined it with thousands of martial arts techniques. He observed the disasters in the world and suddenly comprehended it. Speaking of which, it was due to the changes in the world. Black Qi swallowed the sun, the sky split, and the Demon Star descended. He observed the disasters and suddenly perfected his self-created technique, finally reaching the Golden Dan of the Great Dao."

Bao Ming 'er smiled faintly. "So it won't be easy for you to recruit the Baoyu Country. Your opponent is someone like Fa Wuxian."

"An unparalleled genius is fine. He's not as scary as Fa Wuxian." Gu Chensha waved his hand. "Right, does the Great Wei Dynasty have any Natural Born Saints?" "Yes." Bao Ming 'er nodded.

"Who is it?" Gu Chensha hurriedly asked.

"Our Emperor, the Black Yellow Dragon Emperor! Gu Xuanhuang! "Bao Ming 'er said.

"Shh …" Gu Chensha let out a long sigh when he heard this. "That's good. It's normal for a Natural Born Saint to be the Emperor of the Great Wei Dynasty."

"Originally, I wouldn't have told you this information. However, you specifically came to find me today. Your tone was sincere, and it seemed interesting. You didn't plot against me, so I returned the favor," Bao Ming 'er said.

"Thank you, Sister." Gu Chensha bowed deeply. Bao Ming 'er's information had helped him avoid a disaster.