Chapter 703
===========

"Hmph! You're useless. You could have helped the three Holy Masters' plan by becoming the Crown Prince. But now?

You're useless. You don't have any power. Your subordinates have been stripped of their power. What's the difference between you and a dethroned Crown Prince? "

God of Destruction's eyes flashed fiercely, "If it weren't for the fact that you still have some use for me in the future, I would have refined you right now and plundered your bloodline, making you wish you were dead." "Lord God of Destruction, please have mercy."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha felt like he had eaten a bitter pill. He said, "I don't have a choice. The Calm Celestial Department is too powerful. I heard that even Immortal Master Wan was defeated." Slap! Before he finished speaking, he was slapped in the face and fell to the ground.

God of Destruction retracted his hand and said in a murderous tone, "So, you still want to tell me the reason? Damn you, you lowly bastard. " "Mercy, Lord God of Destruction, mercy."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha hurriedly knelt on the ground. He knew he had nothing to rely on. If God of Destruction wanted to kill him, it would be very easy. His current cultivation was far from being a match for God of Destruction.

"I know that Wan Senshi suffered a loss."

God of Destruction sat down and didn't look at the kneeling Crown Prince Gu Xuansha. "This antique used to order people around. He didn't care about the three Holy Masters at all. This is called taking advantage of his seniority. He doesn't know that the new generation excels the old. The reason why the three Holy Masters don't come out is because they want to do something big. Once they succeed, Wan Senshi will die in our hands sooner or later. How can an antique like him understand the mystery of this?

Gu Xuansha, you piece of trash, let me tell you, you must fight back against the Calming Xian Bureau. After all, you are the Crown Prince. You should be the commander of the world. We don't know where Gu Taxian is. You are the most powerful person in the world. The luck of the world should be gathered on you. Not on the Calming Xian Bureau. But what have you done? You've done nothing. How many resources have we piled on you? You made us look like this. "

"Now, I will listen to Lord God of Destruction. I will not disobey him." Although Crown Prince Gu Xuansha was angry, he did not dare to show it.

"Fortunately, your son, Gu Changjian, has been nurtured by the Dharma Saint. Now, he's stirring up trouble among the barbarians, annexing many tribes, establishing order and faith. In time, he'll definitely become a great person."

God of Destruction said, "It's a pity that he was used by the Dharma Saint and did not worship the three Heavenly Venerables. This is a capital offense."

"Yes, yes, yes." Crown Prince Gu Xuansha nodded. "Such an unfilial son will be dealt with by Lord God of Destruction." "Of course I'll deal with it."

God of Destruction waved the Clear and Turbid Axe in his hand. "The Dharma Saint suffered a great loss this time, but it made the Calming Xian Bureau even stronger. This is not what the three Heavenly Venerables want to see. And the fate of the world is even more condensed, gathering in the Calming Xian Bureau. This is also not what the three Heavenly Venerables wanted.

So, next, you have to break through everything, break all taboos, forcibly ascend the throne, and become the emperor. This is what they mean by right. When that time comes, you will have the authority to abolish the Calming Xian Bureau. " "What? I'll ascend the throne and become the emperor? "

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha could not believe it. "If that's the case, the Calming Xian Bureau will probably tear me to pieces." "Hmph!"

God of Destruction said, "You're as timid as a mouse. Useless thing. Senior Brother Yuan Shang and Senior Brother Pu Ziyi have already appeared and will come to nurture you. In addition, the three Heavenly Venerables' subordinates and countless experts will come to help you. With such power, do you still have to be afraid of the Calming Xian Bureau?"

There were three people under the three Heavenly Venerables. The first in terms of battle techniques was Dou Yiyu. The first in divination was Yuan Shang and the first in luck was Pu Ziyi.

The three of them all had world-shaking power. They had reached the peak of the Dao Realm 36 Transformations, the Embodiment Transformation Realm. They could break through to Heavenly Venerables at any moment. Moreover, the three Heavenly Venerables had endless treasures.

"If that's the case, then I do have a chance to ascend the throne."

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha nodded his head but he was unhappy at all. That was because he knew that even if he ascended the throne, he would be ordered around by this bunch of people like a dog or a slave.

"The plan will be carried out soon. Don't retreat when the time comes. I will make your life worse than death." While speaking, God of Destruction's body moved and he was about to break through the air.

However, just as he was about to fly away, he seemed to fall into some kind of spatial fluctuation and was directly bounced back.

The space in the room seemed to have been locked down and there was a power that prevented him from leaving.

"Bold!" God of Destruction looked at Crown Prince Gu Xuansha, "You actually dare to lock this place. Who gave you the courage? Are you going to attack me? "

"No." Crown Prince Gu Xuansha didn't understand what was going on and his face was filled with shock.

"You are asking for death!" God of Destruction slashed towards Crown Prince Gu Xuansha.

The Clear Dirty Axe moved slightly and clear and turbid energy appeared in the axe light. It was about to kill Crown Prince Gu Xuansha.

But at that moment, a palm appeared. Who knew where this palm came from and it easily grabbed the Clear Dirty Axe.

The Clear Dirty Axe seemed to have met its nemesis. It cried out and broke free from God of Destruction's control. It landed in the palm. This palm was pure white and it seemed to have the light of the sun and moon. It was vast and holy.

With the appearance of this palm, a young man slowly walked out from the depths of the space. This young man's appearance was vaguely similar to Gu Xuansha, Gu Chensha, Gu Hengsha, and the other princes. He seemed to also be of royal blood.

He was unfathomable. As soon as he appeared, he directly took the Clear Dirty Axe. Then he waved his sleeve and Gu Xuansha was picked up. "Gu Xuansha, look at you. You are the Crown Prince of Yongchō. You are actually kneeling in front of a Wild Hair God. This is a disgrace to the royal family. I can't stand this Wild Hair God's arrogance, so I came out to help you." "You are …" Crown Prince Gu Xuansha still didn't know who this young man was.

He had taken the Clear Dirty Axe with one move. This level of cultivation was probably not even at the peak of the 36 Transformations.

"Is this person a Celestial Master?"

God of Destruction's expression was uncertain as he tried to communicate with the 'Axe of Cleansing and Turbid' with his mind, but when the axe fell into the young man's hands, it did not move at all. He could not control it at all. This made him a little flustered and incredulous. "How is this possible? My Axe of Cleansing and Turbid has been refined by a secret technique and has almost become one with my body and soul. Moreover, the three Holy Masters have specially refined a set of Heaven Splitting Secret Technique for my Axe of Cleansing and Turbid. As I cultivate this Heaven Splitting Secret Technique, my connection with the Axe of Cleansing and Turbid has become closer and closer.

"Who are you?" God of Destruction didn't dare to act rashly. "Are you Gu Chensha?" "Me?" The young man smiled. "Gu Chensha? I heard that he has mastered the Heavenly Dao Method. Sooner or later, I will fight him.

As for my identity, there is no harm in telling you. The three Celestial Masters have been looking for me. Even all the giants in the world are looking for me. Do you know who I am now? " "Who are you?" God of Destruction asked sternly.

"What an idiot." The young man sighed. "You are barely qualified to be my slave. I also want to make Gu Xuansha an emperor. I have the same idea as the three Celestial Masters. As a God Realm master, it is not bad for you to do odd jobs. Kneel before me. "

As he spoke, his will moved and a power as vast as the sun and moon surged out. A sun and a moon appeared above the God of Destruction's head. Crack!

The power of the sun and moon suppressed God of Destruction to the point where he couldn't move. Even if he used his own world power, it was useless. He was forced to kneel.

"You are!"

God of Destruction's face was filled with fear. He said a terrifying name. "Lord of the Sun and Moon!" "What? Lord of the Sun and Moon. "

The Crown Prince, Gu Xuansha, was dumbfounded. He had never expected that a legendary figure would appear here. Indeed, countless giants were looking for this person.

"That's right, I am Lord of the Sun and Moon," the young man said. "You can also call me Gu Tiansha." "Gu Tiansha?" Crown Prince Gu Xuansha asked. "Why are you called that?"

"Because I'm an existence that was born from the entanglement of the Ancient Immortal Treading and the Heavenly Dao. It stimulated the most profound profundities of the sun and moon, thus giving birth to me. So what if I'm called Gu Tiansha?" The youth who called himself Gu Tiansha said.

"Lord of the Sun and Moon has appeared."

Although the God of Destruction was forced to kneel, he absolutely refused to yield. He was thinking of a way to escape and pass this news to the three Celestial Venerables. This was a huge contribution, and he would probably be rewarded with something he could only dream of.

"Are you going to pass the news of my appearance to the three Celestial Masters?"

Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, seemed to see through God of Destruction's thoughts. He smiled. "You are very loyal to the three Celestial Masters.

Unfortunately, any little tricks are a joke in front of me. I will slowly subdue you and free you from the control of the three Celestial Masters. " As he spoke, he made a grabbing motion.

Suddenly, a ball of light wrapped around God of Destruction and slowly shrank. It turned into a crystal ball in his hand. This crystal ball was only the size of an egg. God of Destruction roared and attacked fiercely, but he couldn't do anything to the crystal ball's seal.

Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, put the crystal ball away and waved his hand. The Clear Turbid Axe fell into Crown Prince Gu Xuansha's hand.

"This …" Gu Xuansha took the Clear Turbid Axe. He was still shocked.

"Your combat power is too weak. This Clear Turbid Axe will give you some strength. After all, you are going to be the Emperor in the future."

Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, said, "I can still show up and do a lot of things for now. You can replace me at the front desk."

My Sina Weibo's lucky draw is still going on. Repost it quickly and you will have a chance to win the iPhone 7!

Also, if you don't win, you can join our lucky draw group. The first group is full. Please add the second group number: 202641806, the third group number: 327727152.

Hangzhou locals can chat with Ge the Scumbag and Little Five in private. Through contact, you can come to my martial arts dojo and shoot videos together. The videos that my book friends and I shoot can be found on my Sina Weibo.

A few days ago, Brother Wish and Frozen from the Godly Arms Battalion filmed one. They cheated Ge of millions of money and a car. It was very fun. In the lucky draw group, there will be regular lucky draws. Book fans can also win the iPhone 7.

As long as you enter the group and speak, you will be noticed by the Godly Arms Battalion's administrator and get a prize!] The mobile app is officially online! Millions of free reading godly devices!

There are offline caching, recommendation, update reminders, and other functions so that you don't have to waste data anytime and anywhere! Please follow the official WeChat account to download the app. Anbenheji (Press and hold for three seconds to copy)