Chapter 70
==========

"Although the three counties have been recovered, there is no one here. Most of the commoners have been killed. The most important thing now is to get the local officials to resume production and send the refugees back to their homes. At the same time, we have to chase after the barbarian soldiers who escaped into the mountains. We can't let any of them go. Even if a few of them are left, they will become vicious bandits and sacrifice people to increase their strength."

Lou Baiyue walked forward. "Of course, we will leave this matter to the officials and the Iron Blood Marquis. We have more important things to do, which is to rush to the border and defend the Giant Stone Wall. At the same time, we will gather troops and wait for the Emperor's orders to wipe out the barbarian race."

The Iron Blood Marquis was in charge of managing the sects, bandits and cultivators who didn't respect the Emperor. At the same time, he supervised the officials. He was naturally in charge of cleaning up the mess.

"Baiyue, your subordinates are all wearing the Horned Dragon Armor. Even Old Nineteen's subordinates are wearing the same color. My subordinates are wearing the Battle Python Armor. How can we fight at the border?

Outside the Giant Stone Wall is a barren land with dense forests and swamps. There are poisonous insects everywhere and the Battle Python Armor won't be able to defend against them. "The Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha's expression was ugly.

It was one thing for Lou Baiyue's subordinates to wear the Horned Dragon Armor. She had always been favored by the Heaven Talisman Emperor and was second only to him. Even the princes couldn't compare to her. But Gu Chensha's subordinates were all wearing the Horned Dragon Armor. He couldn't take it anymore.

The battle in the barbarian land was dangerous. Without the Horned Dragon Armor, it would be hard for the troops to advance.

The past dynasties couldn't invade the barbarian land because they couldn't do anything to the barbarian race.

The moment they entered, they would be harmed by the endless miasma, beasts and poisonous insects, causing a large number of casualties.

The Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha was frustrated. He had cultivated to the Dao Realm and led troops out to obtain merits and rewards. But the limelight was taken by Gu Chensha. This was a serious blow to his prestige in the court and the people.

One had to know that the Heaven Talisman Emperor had been in power for ten years and the rewards were great too.

Especially since the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was very fair in his rewards and punishments. This time around, Gu Chensha had killed the Barbarian Marshal and the four old devils. No one knew what kind of rewards he would receive.

"Old Ten, the Horned Dragon Armor is currently being developed by the Imperial Court. The craftsmanship is extremely complex and the cost is enormous. You wrote to the Imperial Court asking for a thousand pieces at once, so where would they find so many?" Lou Baiyue's tone was very calm. "As for Old Nineteen's Horned Dragon Armor, it was a gift from the Marquis of Dashi.

Marquis Dashi had fought against the barbarians many times and killed many powerful beasts. He had obtained innumerable treasures from the temples and offered them to the Heavenly Craftsman Institute of the imperial court. It was with his materials that the Heavenly Craftsman Institute was able to create the Horned Flood Dragon Armor. The main materials used to create the Horned Flood Dragon Armor were the horns and skin of the Savage Twin-headed Flood Dragon.

If you can kill a few and hand them over to the Heavenly Craftsmen Institute, they can give them to you as well. "

The Two-Headed Poison Flood Dragon was a tyrannical giant python. Its body was ten zhang long, sometimes even several dozen zhang. It had two heads, and it was extremely poisonous. It could spit out venom and poison mist, but it had horns on its head, which were divine objects that could detoxify poison. Moreover, it could expand and contract as it pleased.

If one was poisoned, as long as the horn was placed on the wound and rubbed against it, the poison would be sucked into the horn. After soaking the horn in water, the poison would flow into the water.

The horn had intelligence, and it was with this intelligence that the imperial court was able to research the Horned Flood Dragon Armor.

Moreover, the imperial court was breeding the Two-Headed Poison Flood Dragon on a large scale, so they could mass-produce the Horned Flood Dragon Armor.

"Old Tenth, I still have extra Horned Flood Dragon Armor. If you can afford it, how about I sell it to you?" Gu Chensha deliberately said.

Marquis Dashi had given him three hundred sets, and he had used up two hundred and forty-nine of them. If Gu Zhensha could really take out something good, he wouldn't mind selling it.

"Old Nineteenth, aren't you getting too carried away?"

Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha was furious. He took a step forward, causing the air to swirl and the ground to sink slightly. It actually gave people the feeling that the sky was collapsing and the earth was sinking. Third Prince Gu Fasha looked on coldly from the side and didn't say anything.

"Alright, everyone will rest here for three days before heading to the borders. I have already sent a secret memorial to His Majesty, and I am waiting for His Majesty's reply."

Lou Baiyue waved her hand. "Old Tenth, your men will go to the south of the county city. Third, you will go to the north. I will be in the center, and Old Nineteenth, you will go to the west. Both sides are not to clash." "Alright."

Gu Chensha turned and left. "Princess Fu Yue, we still have to send someone to transport the corpse of this barbarian marshal to the imperial court. Let the Celestial Designer Institute study it. " "Of course. I will not bury your contributions, Old Nineteenth." Lou Baiyue was serious.

Gu Chensha didn't care about what the Third Prince and Tenth Prince thought. He led his men to the west of the county city. There were rows of temples built by the barbarians there, and they were quite spacious. They set up camp and began to cultivate.

Tenth Prince Gu Chensha didn't hide his murderous intent at all. He led his men to the south to stand guard.

Third Prince Gu Chensha, however, waved his hand and had his men go to the north. He himself stayed in the hall in the center. "Baiyue, look at Old Nineteenth. He really has some skill. He casually took some commoners from the town and trained them into fierce warriors. Especially those five swordsmen who are martial path complete. They are rare talents. Even the famous grandmasters of the pugilistic world can't compare to them. What do you think?" "Old Nineteenth naturally has some trump cards, but it's getting harder and harder to see through."

Lou Baiyue looked at the barbarian marshal's corpse on the ground again. "A sword pierced through the eyes, and a hidden force seeped into the brain to kill a bronze-skinned and iron-boned expert.

This barbarian marshal didn't seem to be able to resist at all. If I'm not wrong, he was first captured by a stronger expert and then killed by Old Nineteenth. "

If Gu Chensha were here, he would be shocked by Lou Baiyue's divination abilities. Even with just a few glances, she had guessed eighty to ninety percent of the truth.

"This means that Old Nineteenth has an expert by his side?

To be able to lock down the barbarian marshal and make him unable to fight back, he has to be two realms higher. "

Gufasha's expression changed and he said, "However, Baiyue, you said that you can't see through Old Nineteenth, but I don't think so. I know that you and Old Nineteenth worked together to exchange for Tiger Wolf Pills."

"Third Brother, you are so well-informed. It seems like you have people by my side." Lou Baiyue's body shook.

"Same here."

Third Prince Gufasha didn't mind, "We are all doing business, and Tiger Wolf Pills are good stuff. Can you get more from Old Nineteenth?"

"You want to use large amounts of Tiger Wolf Pills to exchange for the right to use the Xiantian Million Transformation Diagram. You are now at the fifth transformation of the Dao Realm, gathering spiritual energy in your hundred orifices. This transformation requires a long time and you need to compress spiritual energy in your body. Only then will you be able to reach the sixth transformation, forming energy into energy and breaking out of your body to destroy everything.

Normally speaking, this transformation requires decades of hard work. However, you are cultivating the Unmovable Lord of Light Technique. This technique is really strong but it is also really difficult. It is 100 times harder than normal techniques. If you cultivate it normally, you will need at least 60 years.

But the Xiantian Million Transformation Diagram can allow you to compress spiritual energy quickly and shorten the time. In just a few months, you will be able to form Xiantian Earth Energy. "Lou Baiyue said. It was obvious that he knew all about Gufasha's secrets.

"It seems like you have many people by my side."

Gufasha's expression was ugly, "You even know that I am cultivating the Unmovable Lord of Light Technique and the Xiantian Million Transformation Diagram."

"Although you are a prince and your mother is from the Fan Family, the Fan Family has been around for thousands of years and they have many direct descendants."

Lou Baiyue continued, "Many direct descendants think that you are taking up too much of the family's resources. They have a lot of opinions about you. The elders in the family are the same. It is not easy for you to use the Xiantian Million Transformation Diagram. You will have to trade for it.

And for a family, they need an endless supply of talents. Once the Tiger-Wolf Pill appears, all the junior disciples in the Fan Family will want it. They will definitely influence the elders. Which elder doesn't have a few direct descendants? "

"We both know each other's trump cards, so there is no need to say anything more," Gufasha said. "I want a lot of Tiger-Wolf Pills, and Old Nineteen definitely has them."

"No, you don't know my trump cards, but I know yours." Lou Baiyue's tone was very firm. "For example, you don't know what I cultivate."

"You started cultivating the Pure Yin Sutra, then the Daluo Void Dao. That is a technique created by the ancient Tianzi Xu. The ancient Tianzi Xu originally cultivated the Tianzi God Sealing Art, but he could not cultivate the second move, Living with Heaven and Earth, so he created his own martial arts."

Gufasha knew everything. "But the Daluo Void Dao is extremely difficult to cultivate. Even if you use the Hundred Tribulation Golden Pill, there will be obstacles. Unless you get some secret treasures from the Fan Family.

Forgive me for saying this, but the Lou Family only became famous in this dynasty. In terms of foundation, it was only a third-rate family in the past. It cannot compare to the Fan Family, Fa Family, Lei Family, and Hong Family. " "I agree with your evaluation of the Lou Family?"

Lou Baiyue did not refute. "But your evaluation of my martial arts is very wrong. Do you really think I cultivate the Daluo Void Dao?" As she spoke, she lightly grabbed at Gufasha. Buzz …

Suddenly, with her as the center, a destructive aura that could shatter heaven and earth, shatter the universe, collapse the world, and fall the gods like rain. One move to defeat all the gods and buddhas. Gufasha looked like he had seen a ghost. "This is father's Great Massacre God Technique! I can't believe he taught it to you. Even Old Seven could not learn it. Why would he teach it to you? "

The Great Massacre God Technique was known as the number one Killing Dao in the world. Its attack was invincible, but it was not inherited from the immemorial era. Instead, it was created by the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor by combining all kinds of martial arts and comprehending the profound mysteries. He had killed countless powerful beings, including gods.

This technique was unimaginably terrifying. Anyone who had seen it felt like a nightmare. They did not even want to recall it.

Gufan Sha had long since heard from the Fan Family's most secretive old-timers that even ancient gods and buddhas would find it hard to escape a single blow from this art. This art didn't use brute force, spirit power, soul power, or nascent spirit power. It didn't exist in this world. Gufan Sha had heard from the Fan Family's most secretive old-timers.

The Great Massacre God Technique and the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor did not teach it to outsiders. He did not even teach it to his closest son. Now, he had taught it to Lou Baiyue.