Chapter 363
===========

"That's right. The North Star Empire is the ancestor of all demons. It's an existence that surpasses the Four Symbols and is the embodiment of the law of the earth. Back then, it gathered many demon sages to write the Divine Demon Book and left its will in it as a means. However, does Mr. Zhuge think that he can really control the Divine Demon Book just because he refined the will of the North Star Empire with all sorts of despicable means?" Jing Qiu naturally had something to rely on.

He actually saw the real North Star Empire. The yellow light behind him was the power of the North Star Empire.

Of course, he didn't know where the real North Star Empire was. However, it had its eyes on Jing Qiu as one of its representatives.

"Not bad, not bad. No wonder you're so arrogant. You've been chosen by the real North Star Empire and became its pawn. However, the real North Star Empire should be in a deep slumber. You didn't obtain much, so you imparted some secrets and gave a Connate Spiritual Treasure. If I'm not wrong, that Connate Spiritual Treasure of yours should be called the Central Wutu Virtuous Flag. It's a Connate Spiritual Treasure condensed from the Hongmeng Tree. The North Star Empire obtained it and refined it for many years. It can strengthen the law of the earth. However, it can only defend and not attack." Zhuge Ya didn't panic at all.

"With this flag protecting me, no matter how powerful Mr. Zhuge is, he won't be able to escape or cause any harm to me. It can be said that I'm already in an invincible position.

Moreover, I'll seal Mr. Zhuge in this flag and mobilize the law of the earth. With the help of the power of the North Star Empire, he'll enter the world of the Common People's Wish sphere and refine its core to control this sphere. What do you think? Everything you've done is for the benefit of my Jing Family. "

At this moment, it was unknown what Jing Qiu had done. Instantly, the entire mountain was enveloped by yellow lotus clouds.

The yellow lotus clouds were the Connate Spiritual Treasure, formed by the power of the Central Wutu Virtuous Flag.

However, this treasure only had the ability to seal and defend. It didn't have any substantial attack.

"Oh?

"Mister Jing Qiu's schemes are truly profound, and he's advancing at every step. He has even surpassed some Deities. With the help of the North Star's main body, it's true that you can pose a threat to our Celestial Calmness Bureau's sphere of common people's wishes. However, that's all. On the contrary, the Central Wutu Great Virtue Flag can be fused into our sphere. You actually possess the North Star's bloodline and the Azure Dragon's bloodline. Very good, our Celestial Calmness Bureau is lacking in these two bloodlines. As long as we capture you, we'll be able to attain the consummation of the Five Elements." Zhuge Ya did not launch any attacks. He merely watched as Jing Qiu performed his moves.

"Your Tranquil Immortal Department obtained the White Tiger bloodline?"

Jing Qiu frowned. "This is beyond my expectations, but it doesn't matter. The outcome has been determined."

"Jing Qiu, what other trump cards do you have? Show them all, lest you say that I didn't give you a chance." Zhuge Ya waved his hand.

"Now that things have come to this, Mister Zhuge is still being stubborn.

You really won't shed tears until you see your coffin, "Jing Qiu smiled." Since that's the case, I'll activate my techniques and send you on your way, Mister Zhuge. " "Well said, 'won't shed tears until you see your coffin.'" Zhuge Ya suddenly laughed, as if he had heard the funniest thing in the world.

"What are you laughing at?" Jing Qiu asked.

"Since that's the case, I'll let you see your coffin." Zhuge Ya's body suddenly straightened. Buzz …

Above his head, a boundless space-time turbulence appeared. He could even faintly see some spatial and temporal faults, but he had no idea where they were.

In the depths of the space-time turbulence, there seemed to be something like an ancient beast lurking in the deep sea. That thing was a coffin.

The coffin was the color of an ancient stone. There were even iron chains wrapped around the coffin. There was an unparalleled power pushing the coffin. The coffin didn't stop at a certain place in the depths of the space-time turbulence, but it moved slowly. But every time it moved, it was in a different space from the world, or even at the same time.

Just looking at the movement of the coffin in the depths of the space-time turbulence was enough to make an expert vomit blood.

"The power to bury the world." Zhuge Ya said these four words.

The coffin in the depths of the space-time turbulence seemed to hear Zhuge Ya's voice, and suddenly moved slightly. Suddenly, a huge shadow appeared above Zhuge Ya's head. The power to bury the world came from it. Boom!

The shadow of the coffin shook, and the clouds sealed by the earthen-yellow lotuses shattered. Then, a small earthen-yellow flag appeared in the air. The flag shrank back and let out a mournful wail, but in the blink of an eye, it was sucked in by the shadow of the coffin.

The shadow of the coffin disappeared into Zhuge Ya's body, and the flag appeared in his hand. It was like a magical treasure, and its aura merged perfectly with his.

"You!" Jing Qiu's face fell. "The World-Burying Coffin."

"That's right, the World-Burying Coffin. It's also a connate spirit-treasure, but it's much stronger than your Central Wutu Great Virtue Flag. The previous Lord of Seven Stars used all of his resources and schemes to obtain this coffin. It seals away the mysteries of the seven stars, preventing them from returning to the planet itself. Not even the three celestial sovereigns can find the coffin. They've always wanted to dig up Jiang Gongwang's grave and steal his treasures. Just now, I used this attack to take away the Central Wutu Great Virtue Flag.

"It seems the North Star Emperor doesn't trust you very much, and left you a trump card in the connate spirit-treasure. Unfortunately, Jiang Gongwang supported the Son of Heaven and fought against the Demonfolk. He knew some of the Primogenitor North Star's secrets and weaknesses. The North Star Emperor suffered a calamity in ancient times, and is far from fully recovered. He used you as a pawn to take back his Heavenly Demon Tome. Unfortunately, all of that was part of my plan.

Did you really think that after I refined the North Star Emperor's will in the tome, as well as the Joss Flame and faith power that Aunt Hu prepared for it, I wouldn't be on guard against the North Star Emperor? You're underestimating me, Zhuge Ya. "

Zhuge Ya reached out and grabbed at the Wutu Great Virtue Flag. Earth-colored blood poured out of it, seemingly capable of transforming into mountains and rivers, capable of bearing the weight of all things. This was a supreme bloodline that surpassed the Four Symbols Divine Beasts, and could be said to be the pinnacle of Demonfolk.

A bit of the blood entered Zhuge Ya's body, causing it to transform. It became deep and heavy, inseparable from the earth. In Jing Qiu's eyes, it was like looking up at a tall mountain.

After absorbing a bit of the North Star Emperor's blood, Zhuge Ya tossed out the remaining blood and the Central Wutu Great Virtue Flag. The void split open, and an enormous sphere appeared, within which was another world. That was the Common People's Wish sphere, the Calming Immortal Department's cornerstone treasure.

Just now, Jing Qiu had used the Central Wutu Great Virtue Flag to seal the mountain, but Zhuge Ya had used the power of the legendary World Burial Coffin to break it, and at the same time, he had taken the treasure.

Once the treasure was taken, the seal was immediately broken. Zhuge Ya could once again sense the Common People's Wish sphere.

Jing Qiu watched as the treasure entered the sphere's world and fell into the Heavenly Demon Tree in the center of the world. It turned into countless earth-colored lotuses and fused with the world's main body.

Immediately, the world inside the Common People's Wish sphere changed. The soil and earth came to life, and each grain gave off a fragrance. The fragrance of the earth filled the interior of the sphere.

However, Zhuge Ya waved his hand, and the spatial tear closed, not letting Jing Qiu see what was inside.

"This sphere originally lacked some maturity, and we couldn't control it as we pleased. But now that we've obtained the flag and the North Star Emperor's true bloodline, it's truly perfect. Once I obtain the Southern Third Flame Prairie Flag, the Western Seventh Metal Killing Destruction Flag, the Northern Ninth Dark Underworld Flag, and the Eastern Second Wood Life Spirit Flag, the Five Elements Spirit Treasures and the Five Elements Sacred Beasts will all be combined. This treasure will have the mysteries of life and death, and it won't be any weaker than the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth." Zhuge Ya's aura was completely different from before. "Jing Qiu, what else do you have to say?

Do you really think that your plan to unite and unleash the Universal Strike will shake the Yongchō's rule?

You're just a bird that sticks its head out. Since ancient times, when have the first rebels ever succeeded? They're just paving the way for the True Monarch. " Killing intent flashed in Jing Qiu's eyes.

He had failed. He hadn't expected Zhuge Ya to be able to communicate with the Interstellar Burial Coffin, and borrow its power to break through the seal in one fell swoop.

Although he still had a trump card, he wasn't very confident anymore. Especially after Zhuge Ya obtained the North Star Emperor's bloodline, and fused the Central Fifth Earth Great Virtue Flag into the Life's Wish sphere, suppressing the mountains and rivers within. The sphere's power now couldn't be mentioned in the same breath as it was before.

One could see that in the depths of the space-time turbulence, the Life's Wish sphere had taken on an earthy yellow color. It looked like a planet, and not a treasure. This was a gradual materialization.

Treasures of this level were gradually unshakable by humans, and even gods couldn't do anything to them.

"Kill!"

All of a sudden, Jing Qiu attacked. A long and narrow sword appeared in his hand, and it carried an unstoppable aura and heavenly killing intent as it stabbed towards Zhuge Ya. In the blink of an eye, Jing Qiu was in a daze, like the king of the netherworld. His sword didn't even need time to pierce into Zhuge Ya's body.

With such speed, there was no way anyone could escape. Any form of evasion or resistance would be futile, because this was practically the work of a god. This sword wasn't a physical body, but a manifestation of the godly power left behind by a god.

After piercing Zhuge Ya's body, the sword disappeared, and Zhuge Ya's body instantly turned pitch black. Cracks appeared on his body, as though he was being pulled into an endless purgatory, with no return.