Chapter 81
==========

"I have two Dao Realm Elders under me, as well as 30 Martial Arts Grandmasters. The rest are meaningless. In the Wildlands, we need to gather our elites and take them down in one go."

Long Yuyun rubbed her fingers, "Apart from that, as long as you give me 10 drops, I can invite our Dragon Sword Island's God Beast, Sword Kun, to help us in the dark." "Sword Kun?"

Gu Chensha knew that the Kun was a giant fish, a prehistoric mutated species that possessed divine power and could control water. Meanwhile, the Sword Kun was a type of Kun. It was smaller in size, but it was exceptionally fierce. It could fly, and it was shaped like an ancient sword. It could live for several thousand years.

"How is the cultivation of your island's guardian divine beast, Sword Leviathan?" Gu Chen calculated with the sand table, "Can you command it?

There are agreements when dealing with humans, but I am not used to dealing with monsters. Monsters don't recognize humans, so it would be bad if there were conflicts. " "It is okay, the Sword Kun will definitely listen to me."

Long Yuyun said that it was okay, "The main reason is that it was injured by the Crown Prince and escaped into the deep sea. Now, its injuries haven't recovered. If it has Heaven Dew, not only will it recover, but its cultivation will also improve. It has cultivated for 1,000 years and is at Dao Realm Transformation Seven."

"It has cultivated for 1,000 years and is only at Dao Realm Transformation Seven. It seems like it isn't easy for monsters to break through." Gu Chensha thought to himself and nodded his head, "I wonder if the Sword Kun is here? If it is, then I can see it. Dao Realm Transformation Seven seems to be able to speak. "

"It is staying in the Barbaric Lake not far from here." Long Yuyun was anxious and it seemed like the Sword Kun's injuries were worsening.

"I agree to that."

Gu Chensha took out a bottle gourd, poured out twenty drops of heavenly dew, and handed them over. "Ten drops to treat the injuries of the Sword Leviathan, and the remaining ten drops to cleanse the Dragon Bone Sword. I can see that the Dragon Bone Sword is exceptionally marvelous, and if it can be improved further, it will definitely undergo a transformation." "You are so generous."

Long Yuyun originally wanted to bargain and take out something else, but she didn't expect that Gu Chensha would not hesitate and could even see that she urgently needed to upgrade the Dragon Bone Sword. Instantly, gratitude rose in her heart and she thought to herself, I clearly know that he is trying to buy people's hearts, but I have to admit it. At the very least, other princes can't take out twenty drops of heavenly dew without batting an eyelid.

She hurriedly took the Heavenly Dew, and without any hesitation, she took out her Dragon Bone Sword and dripped the Heavenly Dew drop by drop onto it.

At the very first drop, the Dragon Bone Sword let out a faint dragon roar, and patterns appeared on the bone sword. At the second drop, the veins actually formed scales.

At the third drop, the sword actually floated in the air, shaking its head and wagging its tail. Kacha kacha, the sword's bones softened.

Then, after four, five, six, seven drops, the sword's entire body softened, turning into a three-foot long snake-like bone dragon, swimming around Long Yuyun.

"As expected, the sword actually turned into a bone dragon!"

Long Yuyun couldn't suppress the joy on her face, "Heavenly Dew is not something spiritual energy can compare to. No matter how much spiritual energy one accumulates, it will be really tough for the bone sword to turn into a bone dragon."

"Heavenly Dew is a gift from the heavens, and it is far more effective than spiritual energy in opening one's mind and comprehending the heavens. There are some things that spiritual energy can't do, but Heavenly Dew can."

Cold Jade smiled, "Congratulations, sister. The Dragon Bone Sword has been nurtured by Dragon Sword Island for 1,000 years and has accumulated a huge amount of energy, but it is unable to transform. Today, it succeeded, and its future is limitless. Sister has used blood to refine the sword for many years and has long communicated with it. Your cultivation has also risen."

"Although it is only three feet long, even if I face someone at the five or six changes of Dao Realm, I will be able to protect myself."

Long Yuyun didn't chant and just waved her hands. The bone dragon flew to her side and wrapped around her arm like it was wearing a few bracelets.

Gu Chensha saw all of this and felt a little envious. If it wasn't for this sword, he wouldn't have been able to kill the Black Demon Bat.

Actually, the Technique Breaking Celestial Sword was much more magical than the Dragon Bone Sword. Unfortunately, he couldn't subdue it and it would fly away the moment he took it out. If he could subdue it, would his strength increase by several times?

Even Yi Ming found it hard to subdue it. If he hadn't tossed the transformed Horned Dragon Armor into the Sun Moon Altar space, this sword would have been able to kill him.

That's right, the Dragonbone Sword evolved after taking ten drops of Heavenly Dew. The Hornless Dragon Armor swallowed four hundred drops, but it still didn't change. Is it because evolution is too difficult? Gu Chensha thought to himself. He quickly immersed his consciousness into the Hornless Dragon Armor inside the Sun Moon Altar.

Although the Horned Dragon Armor was strong, it was newly forged. It didn't have a foundation like the Dragon Bone Sword. It had existed for a thousand years and had been refined by the experts of Dragon Sword Island for generations. Dropping the Heavenly Dew would first strengthen its foundation and slowly condense its spirituality.

In Gu Chensha's eyes, the Horned Dragon Armor seemed to be in a deep sleep. There were slight changes happening inside and it was still squirming. Its color was a little transparent like glass.

"As expected, the armor is still growing."

Gu Chensha thought to himself, "With the war in the Wildlands, I'm afraid it will take some time for me to break through. If the armor can evolve again, it will be of great help to me." "How much Heavenly Dew does Your Highness have left?"

Cold Jade Dew stated her conditions. "I am willing to assist Your Highness in this expedition. Not only will I follow, but I will also bring four Dao Realm experts and 100 Mortal Realm experts. I will provide the armor and weapons myself. Other than that, I will also bring a magical treasure, the Myriad Jade Ball." "What does the Myriad Jade Ball do?" Gu Chensha wanted to ask.

"This ball can examine all sorts of things within a radius of a hundred miles, down to the tiniest detail.

Not only that, but it can also cause people or animals within a radius of several li to hallucinate, become mentally confused, drowsy, or even kill each other, "Yu Hanlu said.

"Wouldn't it be invincible in battles?"

Gu Chensha's hair stood on end. "A Dao Realm Transformation 12 expert can instantly turn an entire city of people into zombies."

"That isn't so amazing. A Dao Realm Transformation 12 expert can use it on anyone below the Glass Jade Body. The Myriad Jade Ball is only effective on people below Dao Realm. Once one steps into Dao Realm, one's will is strong and it is useless.

Moreover, each time one uses it, one has to store it in the Spirit Gathering Formation for a few months or soak it in spiritual liquid for a few hours. "

Cold Jade Dew's introduction was really tempting, "But if you can give me 100 drops, I can transform it into the Jade God Eye. At that time, it will be really useful."

After saying this, she felt that she might have asked for too much, so she added, "I also promise to help you recruit Baoyu Country."

Long Yuyun chimed in, "That's right. Little Sister Hanlu is one of the most powerful members of the Precious Jade Nation in terms of both status and cultivation base. She's even more powerful than Prince Yu Yuankun. Right now, there are two factions in the nation, and Little Sister Hanlu is the leader of the faction that advocates enlistment."

It was normal for Baoyu Country to be split into the faction that wanted to recruit and the faction that wanted to resist. Gu Chensha didn't expect that the Seventh Princess would actually be the head. But thinking about it, her cultivation was really high and she was definitely top notch. Even if she was placed among the many princes of the Yongchō Dynasty, she would be a top person.

"Okay." Gu Chensha poured out 100 drops of Heaven Dew from the gourd. Cold Jade Dew snatched it like she was snatching it without any grace at all.

"I didn't expect you to be such a straightforward person. You even treat verbal promises seriously. Aren't you afraid that I won't do anything after taking the benefits?" Cold Jade Dew kept it.

"A gentleman's word is like a fast horse's whip. I'm trustworthy, but I'm not afraid of others breaking their word. "

Gu Chensha didn't mind. He was actually pretending to be magnanimous to win over people's hearts. He was alone and could only treat people with sincerity. Only then could he gather his power.

If it was any other prince, he would definitely want to subdue these two factions or squeeze them dry. But he knew that both Long Yuyun and Cold Jade Dew were not easy to deal with. He could only work together and make friends first. Then he could borrow their strength to form an alliance.

"Well said." Cold Jade Dew nodded. "If that's the case, why don't we form an alliance and attack each other." "That's what I was thinking."

"The alliance is in our hearts, there's no need for an alliance ceremony." Gu Chensha said. "If that's the case, I hope that the two of you will bring your experts out of the Wilderness and wait for me."

"Of course." Cold Jade Dew and Long Yuyun looked at each other. "There's no time to lose. We'll go prepare now." The two of them bid farewell and left.

"Master is really generous, giving out 100 drops of Heaven Dew just like that."

Yi Ming felt it was a pity. "If these two girls get the benefits and join the other princes, they'll be helping the enemy. It won't be good for Master." "Now is not the time to be calculative."

Gu Chensha said. "Whether it's Dragon Sword Island or Precious Jade Nation, if they can help me, I'll have more confidence in attacking the Barbarians. Without their help, it'll be hard to advance."

"That's true. Master is alone and weak. This is all he can do." Yi Ming thought about it but couldn't think of any better ideas.

"That's right, the Dragon Bone Sword transformed into a Bone Dragon after seven drops of Heavenly Dew, but my Hornless Dragon Armor didn't transform even after four hundred drops of Heavenly Dew. What happened?" Gu Chensha grabbed the Hornless Dragon Armor and asked Yi Ming.

Yi Ming looked at the Hornless Dragon Armor and touched it. After a long while, he nodded his head. "Master, this armor isn't an ancient item. It is brand new and lacks some spirituality. It is gathering its spirit once more, so it is a little slow. Actually, it is waiting to transform. Moreover, the armor itself is really strong and if it transforms, it will become the Great Dragon Armor. Then, even I won't be able to break it. One must know that the Flood Dragon is at the second transformation, the Hornless Dragon is at the sixth or seventh transformation, and the Great Dragon is above the ninth transformation. Of course, this armor can't compare to the real Hornless Dragon, but it is still 20-30% amazing. " "So that is the case."

Gu Chensha kept 30 drops of Heaven Dew to save his life and poured the rest on the Hornless Dragon Armor.

He originally had close to seven hundred drops, but after feeding the five ancient swords and trading with the Dragon Rain Cloud Jade Frost Dew, he had spent close to two hundred drops. He poured all of it onto the Hornless Dragon Armor.

Instantly, the Hornless Dragon Armor expanded and floated into the air. The sounds of earth, water, fire, and wind rang out and it felt like the world was being rebuilt.

"So much Heaven Dew."

Yi Ming's heart hurt. "This armor is really fortunate to actually follow Master. If I get all this Heaven Dew, I will be able to cultivate the Samadhi True Fire."

"We are about to head out. My martial arts are still weak and I haven't even reached the Dao Realm, so how can I fight on my own? But I can't destroy my own foundations to raise my realm. I can only make this armor even stronger.

I hope that it can become the Great Dragon Armor! "Gu Chensha looked at the changes in the Hornless Dragon Armor.