Chapter 1062
============

God's Favored

"As expected of the God's Favored."

Gu Chensha followed the young Arcana Master Lin Xiaofan to this desolate universe. He didn't interfere. He just quietly observed all the changes that were happening. It had to be said that the young Arcanist Lin Xiaofan had made the right choice.

The universe here was desolate and was about to die. There were very few creatures and no powerful beings would come here because this universe had no value.

However, for those who cultivated the Dragonless Cultivation Method, this desolate universe was a treasure. It was the best place to train. If they could bring this desolate universe back to life, it would be much better than the old world devouring a universe. The Arcanist had the quality of the Dragonless Cultivation Method. Lin Xiaofan sat on a desolate planet and suddenly used his Arcana Technique.

"Arcana Technique, Ecological Balance! Arcana Technique, Vitality! Arcana Technique, Resurrection! Arcana Technique, Living Variety!

Arcana Technique, World Creation … "At this time, Lin Xiaofan used his Arcana Technique, all of which were Creation Arcana Techniques.

The environment of this planet was very harsh. The weather was very hot during the day and cold at night. There were weathered rocks and deserts everywhere. There were basically no living things on the planet, only some primitive bacteria could survive.

At this time, as Lin Xiaofan used his Arcana Technique, the climate of the planet immediately began to change. First, there was an ocean. Water circulated, lightning flashed, and thunder rumbled. Plants grew, and after decomposing, they turned into soil.

In just a few days, the planet turned into a green planet. Then, all kinds of animals and plants were born, and even humans appeared. The entire planet became a biosphere.

After modifying the planet, Lin Xiaofan's power increased again. At this time, his mind began to communicate with the entire universe's Heavenly Path. This universe's Heavenly Path could collapse at any time. There was only a trace of it left.

Although Lin Xiaofan's modification of the planet was insignificant, he injected some information into the universe's Heavenly Path. Now, he could start negotiating.

"Arcana Technique, Communicate Everything!"

Lin Xiaofan used another Arcana Technique. The Arcana Technique flashed and the desolate universe's Heavenly Path appeared. The Heavenly Path appeared as a stream of data, and it communicated with Lin Xiaofan's mind.

"Heavenly Dao, I helped you rise from the dead and filled your universe with life. You have to repay me and become my slave. How about it?

Of course, you can resist, but that's not important. You're going to die anyway. If you're not willing, I'll leave this place and look for the next universe, "Lin Xiaofan said. The data formed by the Heavenly Axiom fluctuated and struggled violently. But not long after, the data calmed down. Survival came first, and the Heavenly Dao's data agreed.

"Then sign a contract with me."

An Arcane Technique Contract appeared in Lin Xiaofan, and he signed a real contract with the Embodiment of Heaven's Will. This contract was the Eternal Soul Enslavement Contract.

After signing the contract, Lin Xiaofan's strength shot up. In the blink of an eye, he had broken through the Arcana Realm to become a celestial, a celestial longevity, a celestial origin, and even a celestial. He was just a step away from stepping into the realm of the Heavenly Dao. Then, he began to unleash Arcana Techniques continuously. Arcana Technique after Arcana Technique was unleashed.

Countless energies began to evolve and brew with each other. One planet after another began to turn green and full of vitality. In this universe, billions of planets were infecting each other, and the speed at which they brewed was extremely fast. In a short period of time, the most powerful evolution had begun.

The vitality of the universe became more and more abundant, causing the entire universe's Heavenly Dao to become more and more powerful. However, the Heavenly Dao had signed an enslavement contract with Lin Xiaofan when it was at its weakest, so as the universe's Heavenly Dao grew stronger, so did Lin Xiaofan's strength. His Arcana Techniques became more and more exquisite.

The flow of time in this universe began to accelerate, and the universe's energy and vitality became more and more abundant. In the multiverse outside, roughly a month had passed. And in this desolate universe, billions of years had passed.

The desolate universe, which had been on the verge of death, was now full of vitality. Countless planets revolved around each other, giving birth to many lifeforms, including humans, and even civilizations. Under Lin Xiaofan's creation, a large number of humans in this universe had become Arcana Masters. This was because he had the ability to awaken an Arcana Apprentice. In other words, he had re-created this desolate universe into a brand new Arcana Technique Universe.

With the support of this universe, his strength became more and more tyrannical, and soon he reached the Heavenly Dao Realm. His strength had reached the level of ten million Arcana Techniques, or even more.

"I've witnessed a miracle."

Gu Chensha had been observing and even helping Lin Xiaofan hide his aura. Otherwise, Lin Xiaofan wouldn't have been able to create this universe so smoothly.

One had to know that in the multiverse, there were too many powerful people. The changes in this desolate universe would certainly attract the attention of countless powerful people. If something went wrong, Lin Xiaofan would be strangled in the cradle. Gu Chensha naturally wanted to protect this kid. Gu Chensha was the only one who could protect this kid. No one else could.

"I can return to the Arcane Kingdom now and take control of the power."

Lin Xiaofan felt that the universe had stabilized and was still developing. He had created many Arcana Masters and they had begun to transform the universe. The universe would produce a huge amount of power every moment and then be injected into his body. He felt that he could fight against the Arcane Guild of the Arcane Kingdom. Just as he moved, suddenly there was another person in front of him. It was Gu Chensha.

"Who are you?"

Lin Xiaofan was taken aback. He felt that he was standing at the peak of the world. How could anyone break through his defense so easily?

"The Lord of the New World, Gu Chensha."

Gu Chensha introduced himself, "I've been watching you for a long time. You've finally succeeded and reached the peak of the Heavenly Dao Realm. You've begun to advance into the Immortal Realm. Now you're back in the Arcane Kingdom. What do you want?

Your Arcana Creation, the Arcana Technique of Mind Enslavement, the lethality is too great. In a short period of time, you can make the Arcane Kingdom reach its peak, but then you'll fall into a situation where you're the only ruler. It doesn't seem to be the ideal result. I want to ask you, how do you coordinate this problem? " "The Lord of the New World, Gu Chensha?"

Lin Xiaofan looked at Gu Chensha doubtfully. He pondered for a moment and nodded, "I've heard some secret rumors. It's rumored that you're the real master of the Arcane World. You've mastered the entire Arcane Guild. Now all the senior members of the Arcane Guild have reached the Heavenly Dao Realm because of your creation, isn't that right?"

"You can say that." Gu Chensha nodded, "But, I don't interfere with the development of the Arcane Kingdom itself." "You came to me today because I'm going back to the Arcane Kingdom to overthrow your rule?"

Lin Xiaofan was very vigilant, but he was eager to try, because his current strength had rapidly expanded and reached the strongest realm. He felt that he could fight with Gu Chensha.

"I asked you if you want to promote your ideas after returning to the Arcane Kingdom. Do you want to turn the Arcane Kingdom into your private kingdom and enslave all the people? Or do you want to carry out reforms so that talents like you emerge in the Arcane Kingdom? I'm certainly in control of the progress of the Arcane Kingdom, but I haven't interfered with the emergence of talents. If I had interfered, you wouldn't have appeared," Gu Chensha said.

"No one has the right to interfere with my ideas, not even you, the Lord of the New World, Gu Chensha. Rumor has it that you're the creator of the multiverse. Now all the universes and all the creatures were created by you. You're the parent of all things, but I don't believe that. Now I'm telling you, I'm going to return to the Arcane Kingdom and carry out my reforms. My reforms are to keep trying. I'm going to enslave all the people, build the Arcane Kingdom into a whole, unify one universe after another, and make the Arcane Kingdom stand at the peak of the universe. All the universes are slaves of the Arcane Kingdom. Then, if the development reaches a bottleneck, I'll carry out reforms, I'll open up my authority and let a hundred flowers bloom. At that time, I'll be detached from the world and can guide the development of all beings, including you, the Lord of the New World. The New World will also be conquered by my Arcane Kingdom." Lin Xiaofan's body suddenly emitted a strong breath. That breath could tear the universe and destroy all things.

"Arcane, the origin of all things." From Lin Xiaofan's body, the most profound meaning appeared, it suppressed and deprived Gu Chensha.

"Arcane, deprive everything!" "Arcane, Return to the Source!" "Arcane, Reverse Fate!"

In an instant, the highest level of Arcane Techniques rained down on Gu Chensha's body like a waterfall. In that instant, Lin Xiaofan used all the techniques he had, wanting to beat Gu Chensha back to his original form.

Unfortunately, these Arcane Techniques completely disappeared when they reached Gu Chensha's body. Then, they turned into snowflakes that fell to the ground. It was a very beautiful scene.

"Arcane, kneel."

Gu Chensha smiled slightly and also used an Arcane Technique. His Arcane Technique was very strange. It didn't have an Arcane module, it was purely for speaking. But Lin Xiaofan couldn't help but kneel.

"What Arcane Technique is this? My Arcane Technique has already reached the peak. My current Arcane Technique can be said to be the peak of Arcane Techniques. No one can be stronger than my Arcane Technique. What Arcane Technique is this? Why?"

Lin Xiaofan, who was kneeling on the ground, felt extremely humiliated. But there was nothing he could do. He used all the Arcane Techniques he could, but they were all useless.

"Arcane Technique, Dog Crawl."

Gu Chensha smiled again. At that time, Lin Xiaofan kept crawling on the ground like a dog. He was extremely humiliated, but there was nothing he could do.

However, Gu Chensha didn't humiliate Lin Xiaofan too much. When Lin Xiaofan was crawling like a dog, he disappeared, "You can go back to the Arcane Kingdom, but take care."