Chapter 915
===========

"That's for the best."

Wu Dangkong agreed. "Otherwise, we won't have much of an advantage. Especially since we don't have a lot of Mutant Origins. If someone else gets more than us and tries to kill us, we'll be at a disadvantage. That's something we can't tolerate. That's why we need to work together to stop that from happening." "That's right. Let's form an alliance." Long Xiangtian's face darkened. He seemed to have a more sinister plan in mind.

"But there's one more thing."

Peacock suddenly said, "I have the Dragon Symbol on me. It's very mysterious. While we're discussing how to kill Lou Baiyue, will Gu Chensha sense it?"

"Don't worry about that. No matter how strong Gu Chensha is, I have the Emperor Of Heaven's secret treasure.

He can't detect my whereabouts at all. If he can even sense me, then we shouldn't play around anymore. We should just commit suicide and rely on him. "

Wu Dangkong's face showed a disdainful smile. "I think you've been scared out of your wits by Gu Chensha. He's best at bluffing and exaggerating." "Are the four of us sure we can kill Lou Baiyue?"

Peacock was still skeptical. "You know, Lou Baiyue has many powerful people around him, like Zhuge Ya, Gu Huasha, Warrior Sage, Longevity God, Wen Hong, Tai Yi Tianzun, Chang Wei Yang, and even Dou Yi Yu, the Punisher Skylord. If they all gather together, we might not be able to kill him." "These people are all useless. They can't even take a hit."

Long Xiangtian let out a shrill laugh. "Of course, the Punisher Skylord has some tricks up his sleeves. I can kill the rest with a flick of my finger.

These people didn't have much time left to live. Their time of tribulation had come, especially Zhuge Ya, who was the Lord of Seven Stars.

But now that the real Lord of Seven Stars has appeared, his avatar is about to fall. The real Lord of Seven Stars will find him and kill him. " "The real Lord of Seven Stars?"

Peacock's heart skipped a beat. "Zhuge Ya was born as the Lord of Seven Stars by inheriting the mysteries of the Seven Stars. Now that the Seven Stars have descended upon the world and gathered in one person's body, that means the person who has the Seven Stars' true form has the power of seven worlds. How majestic is that?"

"That's right. The Divine Origin stage is also known as the Great Thousand Worlds," Liu Chansha said calmly.

"The lowest level of the Divine Origin stage is called the First Origin stage. If I'm not mistaken, with Gu Chensha's help, Zhuge Ya has already reached the Divine Origin stage. But that's only the First Origin stage. The real Lord of Seven Stars has the power of the Seventh Origin. If they meet, she can easily kill or crush Zhuge Ya." "Where is the Lord of Seven Stars?" Peacock asked.

"You don't need to know that," Wu Dangkong said.

"In any case, the people from the Dragonless Cabinet are all going to die. Not a single one of them will escape."

"After all that, even if the four of us work together, we still don't have the confidence to kill Lou Baiyue," Peacock said. "Unless someone else comes to help." "What about me?"

At that moment, a middle-aged man walked in. He wore a royal robe and a crown. He seemed to be the most ancient emperor.

"King of Earth!" Peacock exclaimed when she saw the man. This was the King of Hell, second only to the Emperor Of Heaven, the King of Earth.

The King of Earth had once tried to capture Long Xiangtian. Although he didn't succeed, the two became enemies. But now, the two seemed to be working together under some kind of powerful force. It was obvious that only the Celestial Thearch could coordinate these two people.

"With me, it should be enough."

The King of Earth's tone was enigmatic. "Long Xiangtian, Liu Chansha, the two of you obtained the essence of the Lord of Sun and Moon and control the real Sun and Moon. From now on, you two will work together to become the Lord of Sun and Moon. Long Xiangtian, you are the Lord of Sun, Liu Chansha, you are the Lord of Moon. Also, we have some history between us, but now that we are both ministers of the Heavenly Court, let's put the past behind us and focus on getting through this crisis. This time, the Heavenly Court's biggest crisis is Gu Chensha. If we kill Gu Chensha, everything will be solved. We can enjoy billions of years of peace until eternity.

Lou Baiyue is the Empress of Heaven, but she betrayed her destiny. She must be killed, and a new Empress will be born. The new Empress will be Concubine Ming. " "Don't worry, King of Earth. I can do it." Long Xiangtian's eyes flashed.

But the King of Earth knew that he could not rely on this person's expression. He remembered his hatred, and if there was a chance, he would kill him and devour him.

This person even wanted to devour the Emperor Of Heaven. He was an ingrate and a traitor. But now, he could only use him.

"When the situation is settled, this person must be killed."

The King of Earth's heart flashed with killing intent. "But it will not be easy to get rid of this person. The woman next to him, Liu Chansha, is a bit powerful. I don't know what she is thinking. This woman suddenly obtained the Variant Origin, and I didn't investigate her background. I am afraid there is still a big secret about her identity. "

"The King of Earth will definitely not let me go, and even the Emperor Of Heaven is using me. But it doesn't matter, sooner or later, the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha will fight to the death. When that time comes, I will be the fisherman who reaps the benefits.

I'll devour both Heaven Sovereign and Gu Chensha. Of course, it'll be too easy for the Earthly Sovereign to devour you. I'll make the Earthly Sovereign fall into the most painful abyss. I'll make the Earthly Sovereign beg for death, and torture him day and night.

Of course, the same goes for Gu Chensha. "Long Xiangtian naturally knew the thoughts of the Earthly Sovereign like the back of his hand.

"Alright, let's work together to create a spell formation. We'll seize the opportunity to completely trap Lou Baiyue. This spell formation will be based on my Hell Kingdom."

The Earthly Sovereign said, "My Underworld is refined from countless layers of Fiendish Realms. Finally, it condensed into the Underworld, which is second only to the Heavenly Court. It possesses endless Reincarnation Divine Power. As long as you lend me a hand, I can completely strip Lou Baiyue of her Divine Essence, Divine Arts, and Cultivation Base, sending her into the Samsara." "Yes." Wu Dangkong said, "With all of us together, it is enough to kill Lou Baiyue. Another thing is to gather the demon race first, and let the Demonic Ape of Chaos lead.

When he has completely gathered the demon race and built the Demon Realm, we can harvest the fruit and kill this Demonic Ape. Peacock, you will be the master of the Demon Realm. What do you think? " "What?" Peacock was shocked, "Wu Dangkong, what do you mean? Are you trying to seize my power and completely destroy the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons? "

"You are thinking too much. The Demonic Ape of Chaos will definitely do better than you in managing the demon race now."

Wu Dangkong said, "We need to concentrate on the formation and deal with Lou Baiyue. How can you have the time to manage the demon race?"

"Wu Dangkong, don't forget, Gu Chensha appointed me as the Chief of the Demon Quelling Bureau. I must immediately gather the demon race, and then go to the Four Wilds."

Peacock said, "If I don't go, he will be suspicious, and that will not be good for our overall situation."

"It's fine. We will destroy the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons and pretend that we can destroy the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons."

Wu Dangkong said darkly, "This can also confuse Gu Chensha. One more thing, you must take out your Dragon Amulet and use it as the key to refining the formation and killing Lou Baiyue. When the time comes and Lou Baiyue is killed by Gu Chensha's Dragon Amulet, what kind of expression will he have?

And when Gu Chensha finds out that his plan was used to kill the person he loves the most, how pained and heartbroken will he be?

This way, his fate energy will fall to a frightening level, and that will be the beginning of his demise. "

"Pretend to destroy the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons?" Li Wanlong spoke at this time, "Absolutely not. The Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons is my blood, sweat, and tears.

Also, if you destroy the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons, who knows if you will use us as sacrificial pawns and devour us in the end. "

"Li Wanlong, I know you don't want to give up the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons, but this is the only way to confuse Gu Chensha.

How about this? You are only in the Celestial Longevity Realm now. I have a way to help you reach the Sky Origin Realm. What do you think? "The Sovereign of Earth suddenly said," With such a realm improvement, your Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons will be nothing. " "Really?"

Li Wanlong's eyes flashed. He had finally become a Celestial Master and had many fortuitous encounters in this tribulation. In the end, he had reached the Longevity Realm. However, this realm was his limit. It was simply impossible for him to reach the Sky Yuan Realm. Even he felt a little hopeless. However, the Earthly Sovereign actually said that he could reach the Sky Yuan Realm. Naturally, he could give up everything.

"Of course, this is a mass of the power of Yama from the Nether World."

A ball of light suddenly appeared in the hands of the Emperor of Earth. Within this ball of light, there were countless ghosts and gods wailing and countless demon kings praying, "If you refine this power of Yama, you can immediately reach the Sky Origin Realm." "Oh?

After refining this power of Yama, will I become a member of the Nether World and your subordinate? "Li Wanlong asked.

"Why? Isn't it good to be a member of the Nether World? You will become the 11th King of Hell of the Nether World, "the Sovereign of Earth said.