Chapter 980
===========

Change of Dynasty Chapter 977 Change of Dynasty

Hong Dynasty was named after the Heaven Dynasty. If he continued this name, Zhang Ziran would be controlled by the Heaven Dynasty and wouldn't be able to be independent. There would be a huge problem with karma, so he decided to change the dynasty.

Zhang Ziran called himself the Human Ancestor, so his dynasty would be the Human Dynasty. The Human Dynasty occupied the Human World, so of course, all the fate would belong to him. Zhang Yiren had some thoughts in his heart.

Although he was only five years old, he seemed to be good at everything. His intelligence was no weaker than some old antiques.

He followed the princes to the Sacrificial Plaza in the center of the palace. The Sacrificial Plaza was grand and majestic. It wasn't a sacrifice to the heavens, but to a giant monument. The words "Man Conquers Heaven" were carved on the monument.

Beside it were the small steles of the Nihility Ancestor, Human Ancestor, Taoist Ancestor, and Yong Ancestor. The officials of the dynasty were all worshipping this stele. Zhang Ziran stood in front of the five steles and looked at the start of the ceremony. Many princes arrived and stood at their designated spots. Many of them were nervous and the atmosphere was really depressing.

Today's ceremony was about to change the dynasty. Changing the name of Great Hong Dynasty to Human Dynasty would definitely incur the wrath of the Heaven Dynasty.

"In the past five years, His Majesty has abolished the God Spirit Sacrifice, destroyed every household's god, destroyed the land, the city god temples, and even passed down the Three Corpses cultivation method. All of this is going against the Heavenly Court. However, in the past five years, the Heavenly Court hasn't done anything on a large scale. It's really puzzling." One of the officials secretly communicated with the other officials.

"Minister Li, before this matter ferments, the Heaven Dynasty definitely won't let us live so comfortably. A huge war is about to arrive." Another official said secretly. The cultivation of these two officials was actually at the Sage Realm. Moreover, they were at the Saint Realm and had reached the Dao Realm 35 and 36 changes.

Such a realm was just the position of a minister. There were many other officials, kings, and even generals.

The Imperial Court that Zhang Ziran had established was enormous. Its territory was more than a hundred times larger than that of the Central Plains Divine Prefecture and the Four Desolates. It had abundant resources, vast land, a large population, and a large number of experts.

In the past five years, Zhang Ziran had been cultivating and recruiting experts. Many experts hidden in the human world had been dug out and had come to him. At the same time, because of the changes in the human world, the power of the mortal world had dissipated once again, and many cultivators had sprung up like bamboo shoots after a spring rain.

There were also some experts from the Celestial World, Devil World, Immortal World, Demon World, Underworld, and even the Heavenly Court. They couldn't bear the loneliness and came down to betray the Emperor Of Heaven, submitting to him and enjoying the prosperity of the Human World. This caused the power of the imperial court to expand rapidly. Of course, as Zhang Ziran's cultivation grew higher and higher, he would be able to suppress it.

"However, Minister Han, I do know that if this ceremony is successful, our cultivation bases will reach the Heavenly Exalt stage."

Another minister said, "Also, I know that if the ceremony is successful, His Majesty the Emperor can directly ascend to the Heaven Realm." "Heaven Realm?" A few of the officials were shocked: "Is this true?

The experts of today, no matter how tyrannical they were, were all in the Sky Origin Stage. It was just that some had the power of one yuan, some had the power of thousands of yuan, and some even had the power of ten thousand yuan, a hundred thousand yuan, a million yuan. But even if they had the power of a hundred million yuan, they were still only in the Sky Origin Stage, and could not reach the Heaven Realm. Rumor has it that only the Emperor Of Heaven and Gu Chensha have reached the Heaven Origin stage. "

"The Human World is much larger than the Heaven Origin stage. If the ceremony is successful, and the human world's essence approves of it, His Majesty might actually reach the Heaven Origin stage. At that time, not even the Heavenly Court would be able to do anything to him. We all came down from the God World. We don't want to go back to that boring place. "

"That's right. Back in the day, we established an empire in the Human World and enjoyed the ceremony. But then the Emperor Of Heaven increased the power of the mortal world, and we had no choice but to ascend to the God World. Once in the God World, all we had to do was pray to the Heavenly Court. We were like prayer puppets. And from time to time, The Great Spirit God would embezzle us.

Now that we're in the Human World, we still have to listen to the imperial court, but we also have a lot more freedom. "One of the generals hated the Heavenly Court. His words resonated with many of the officials.

Most of the officials came down from the God World and the Immortal World. In the God World and the Immortal World, they were like puppets. All they did was pray and pray. They basically had no freedom at all.

"You don't count. I came from the Underworld. The Underworld is terrifying. It's dark all day, and there are all kinds of hellish torture. I made a mistake and was sent to the Underworld. I was tortured to death every day. One day, I will definitely destroy the Underworld and destroy the Heavenly Court. I won't regret it even if I die nine times," one of the generals said. This general was a Celestial Master level expert. He was not far from the Heaven Origin stage.

"Everyone …"

Zhang Ziran stood high up on the altar and saw the divine wills intertwining on the sacrificial plaza. He could see everything. These ministers were all carefully selected by him. They were all capable, but at the same time, they were extremely dissatisfied with the Heavenly Court.

Many of the Heavenly Court's methods were oppressive. Many experts in the Celestial World, God World, Demon World, and the Underworld were living a life worse than death. The Emperor Heaven's methods restricted people's freedom. After the Three Corpse Gods came out, they affected people's hearts and minds. This would definitely cause a backlash. During this backlash, Zhang Ziran grasped the opportunity to break free.

"This ceremony will completely break free from the Heavenly Court's control. If this ceremony succeeds, everyone here will be able to rise by at least one realm. If you are at the God Realm, you can reach the Saint Realm. If you are at the Saint Realm, you can reach the Celestial Master Realm. If you are at the Celestial Master Realm, you can reach the Heaven Life Realm. Those at the Heaven Life Realm might reach the Heaven Origin Realm," Zhang Ziran said.

However, it was possible that only Zhang Ziran could succeed in rising from the Heaven Origin Realm to the Heaven Realm. Hearing Zhang Ziran's words, all of the officials quieted down and began to worship.

"Everyone, sincerely worship our court and despise the Heavenly Court," Zhang Ziran said. "If we succeed, we can take over the Human Realm."

As Zhang Ziran presided over the sacrificial ceremony, the news spread. Almost all of the cities controlled by the Great Hong Dynasty had sacrificial ceremonies taking place.

The Great Hong Dynasty was a combination of a technological civilization and a celestial dao civilization.

That was why every city had a teleportation gate, and there were flying ships in the sky. There were also many space-folding technologies. Apart from that, many immortal cultivators could change as they pleased, but they were all under the control of the court.

At that moment, a projection of the Imperial Court's sacrificial ceremony appeared in the sky above every City. Everyone looked at the projection and started to pray along with the Imperial Court's sacrificial ceremony. These people knew that if they prayed, they would be able to obtain Fate from the upcoming changes and advance.

"This Zhang Ziran is really ruthless."

In a city at the edge of the Great Hong Dynasty, a few people who had snuck into the city looked at the sky and exclaimed. These people were Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, Yuan Gu, Putuo, and Dou Sheng.

"Should we follow the ceremony?"

Gu Shengjian suddenly sneered and said, "I feel that by following the sacrificial ritual this time, we can indeed benefit from a lot of fate energy, allowing our strength to rise to another level. But if we do that, we will probably completely offend the Heavenly Court. After all, we are part of the Heavenly Court. "

"This time, the Heavenly Court sent us to the Lower Worlds to create chaos. In fact, they have already given up on us. They want us to face the calamity in the midst of the chaos. Even people like Jing Qiu are disheartened."

Gu Changjian said, "We go to the Lower Worlds to gain benefits. When our calamity comes, the Heavenly Court will not come to save us. We can only save ourselves. Therefore, if we follow Zhang Ziran's ceremony and weaken the Heavenly Court's power, we will obtain fate and benefits. Only when the Heavenly Court's power becomes weaker can we protect ourselves." "I agree with that." Yuan Gu nodded.

"In that case, let's do the ceremony together." The group of five began to move. Wu wu wu wu …

On the huge land of the Hong Dynasty, the power of the ceremony gathered together and rose into the sky, completely covering the sun and moon. Then, the ceremony penetrated the ground at the same time.

Everyone who participated in the ceremony felt relaxed. This relaxed feeling came from the depths of their hearts, as if they had been freed from some kind of shackles.

The Heavenly Court had activated the harshest shackles on all living beings. Now, the ceremony was going to break away from the Heavenly Court's control. It was going to break away from karma and fate. All living beings regained some kind of freedom. Rumble! High up in the sky. The Heavenly Court stood tall.

Suddenly, the power of the ceremony triggered the Human World and fiercely attacked the Heavenly Court. The Heavenly Court immediately shook. This power was too strong, even the Heavenly Court could not suppress it.

"Your Majesty."

The Warlock Saint and the others immediately came forward and looked at the Sky Emperor. "That Zhang Ziran is simply insane. He actually incited a sacrificial ceremony. He should be a person. This is a complete break with the Heavenly Court. He wants to attack the Heavenly Court and weaken our destiny. It is necessary to kill Zhang Ziran." "No rush."

The Celestial Thearch was very calm. "It's only natural that Zhang Ziran would change his dynasty. Now that he's so arrogant, if I were to make a move, it would ruin the original plan. However, I can still teach him a lesson.

As he spoke, a talisman appeared in the Emperor Of Heaven's hand. "Ming Fei, take this talisman and gather the officials of the Heavenly Court with the Dharma Saint. Throw it down from the Heavenly Gate." "Yes!"

Ming Fei Wu Dangkong took the talisman and saw a few words written on it: "Heaven's Will is Hard to Defy."