Chapter 799
===========

The three of them arrived at the depths of the Demon Domain.

The Demon Domain was incomparably vast, and it was divided into many layers of worlds. In ancient times, it was also known as the Multilayered Hell. Until now, no one had been able to find out exactly how many layers there were in the Demon Domain. Even God Maha, Immortal Master, Primordial Heart Devil, and other rulers of the Demon Domain didn't know exactly how big the Demon Domain was.

After the three of them entered the depths of the Demon Domain, they all used their transformation techniques to pass through the layers of the Demon Domain's space-time, arriving at the true boiling devil qi and the pitch-black ink-like core of the Demon Domain.

"The devils living here are all extremely tyrannical."

Gu Tanjian was the first to stop. "Miss, in this place, the Calming Immortal Department's attention can no longer detect us. Let's talk openly."

"So the Infinite Sword and Infinite Saber have appeared." The icy-cold woman had already seen through the source of Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian's power.

"The Infinite Needle. If I'm not wrong, Miss is the reincarnation of this treasure."

A true heavenly sword actually appeared behind Gu Tanjian. This heavenly sword gathered all the aura of the Dao of Kings, Tyrannical Dao, Sage Dao, Heavenly Dao, Divine Dao, and all the Daos of the Myriad Daos.

The true power of this sword was slightly revealed. The devil qi in the surroundings that was as dense as ink gradually settled down, becoming clear and turbid. None of the devil qi dared to approach this sword. Wherever this sword went, everything would submit. Even the most terrifying devil god could only tremble in fear in front of this sword and prostrate on the ground. This was the Sword of Infinity, the number one treasure among the Infinite Treasures. The Dao of the Sword was the true Dao of Slaughter, the leader of all weapons. This sword could be said to be the strongest sword in the universe. The moment this sword's aura was released, even Sages would retreat. Even the icy-cold woman took a few steps back, unable to withstand the Sword of Infinity's aura.

"As expected, it's the Sword of Infinity."

A long needle also appeared behind the icy-cold woman. This needle was extremely sharp, capable of piercing through everything. However, the tip of the needle seemed to contain boundless vitality. The greatest use of needles was to pierce, mend, and heal.

"We Endless Treasures can sense each other," said Meng Hao. "I could sense that you were about to be born, Miss. That's why I came to reunite with you. The thirty-six Endless Treasures are true brothers, and we have to stick together to overcome the tribulation and transcend."

Gu Tanjian replied: "I am the leader of the Endless Thirty-Six Treasures, I have a duty to take care of my other brothers and sisters" "We're joining forces?"

The Boundless Treasure and I are actually separate. I am me, and the Boundless Treasure is the Boundless Treasure. It's just that I've obtained this treasure. I don't think I'm the treasure's reincarnation. You said that the Boundless Treasure's reincarnations will gather together, but I don't think so. I'm used to being free and unfettered. If I'm willing to gather, there are fourteen Boundless Treasures in the Celestial Tranquility Department. I can directly seek refuge with them and immediately become a high-ranking member. " "Miss, you're wrong," said Gu Changjian.

Gu Changjian said, and a divine blade appeared behind him. It was extremely unpredictable, and wherever the blade pointed, it would slice through space-time and sever time. This was the Blade of Infinity. "The reason why the thirty-six Infinity Treasures were born is because we wanted to deal with the Celestial Calmness Department.

If we shirk our responsibilities, the dao of heaven will strip us of our gift, and it will be too late for regrets. The fourteen Boundless Treasures of the Celestial Tranquility Department will eventually fly away to find a new reincarnation. We can't let that happen. We brothers have the Infinity Blade and the Infinity Sword, which are the number one and number two treasures of the Thirty-Six Treasures. Therefore, you should listen to us, Miss. " By this point, Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian had already formed a pincer attack.

The two of them could tell that the woman's words indicated that she didn't want to join them. In that case, they might as well take the treasure and assimilate her.

"If Gu Chensha can assimilate Fa Wuxian, it's not a big deal for me to assimilate this woman."

Killing intent appeared in Gu Tanjian's heart. In truth, he wasn't looking for the reincarnation of the Boundless Treasures to gather these people. He wanted to kill them all, assimilate them, and make them his own. His thinking was similar to that of Gu Tiansha.

Gu Tiansha also wanted to obtain all the Boundless Treasures, and then gain control of the Heaven Realm, and finally become the number one person.

"Seems like if I don't agree to join you, you'll kill me?"

The cold woman looked at the pincer attack, and her expression turned serious. "This is the strength of the Infinity Sword and Infinity Blade. This is different from what I imagined." "I wonder what Miss imagined us to be like?"

Gu Changjian grinned hideously. "We have come to this world in accordance with the will of the Heavenly Way, which is to cleanse the roots and kill the traitors, especially the inner part of the Endless Thirty-six Treasures. Lady, you are not respecting the will of the Heavenly Way, and you don't think that you are the reincarnation of the Endless Thirty-six Treasures.

For example, you were conferred a title by the Imperial Court, but in the blink of an eye, you don't recognize yourself as an official of the Imperial Court. Is there such a logic in the world? The two of us brothers are unparalleled in saber and sword, and also contain the dao of punishment. Whoever doesn't respect the will of the Heavenly Dao must die. " "I'm afraid it's not the will of the Heavenly Dao, but the will of the two of you."

The cold woman said to Gu Changjian, "The two of you are actually fighting against each other, wanting to devour each other and obtain the Boundless Treasures for yourselves. If both of you are injured in the battle with me, who will benefit? " "Little girl, you know how to sow discord."

Gu Tanjian laughed out loud. "This is of no use to me at all. Our alliance is stronger than gold. Not only are we brothers related by blood, but we have also experienced many life and death situations. If you don't resist, we can sign a contract and work together to repent. Otherwise, as the Boundless Treasures, if you don't fulfill your responsibilities, I'm sorry, but we can only punish you on behalf of the Heavens and take away your Boundless Treasures." "If you want to kill me and take my treasures, just say it. Why do you have to be so dignified?"

The cold woman took a step back. "I originally thought that the Boundless Sword and the Boundless Saber were real men, so I wanted to meet you. I didn't expect you to be such wretched people. How disappointing. Your actions are not worthy of the Boundless Sword and the Boundless Saber. It seems that you will lose them very soon." "Let's see who loses them first." Gu Tanjian made his move.

With a flick of his finger, majestic sword qi spread out in all directions, forming a world of swords in the demonic realm.

Gu Changjian didn't make a move. Firstly, he knew that Gu Tanjian could completely suppress this woman. Secondly, he wanted to wait for an opportunity. When the woman was going all out, he would suddenly attack and take away the Infinity Needle.

Although his Boundless Saber was powerful, it was still ranked second and was being suppressed by Gu Tanjian. If he could get the Infinity Needle and borrow the power of the two Boundless Treasures, he would be able to fight against Gu Tanjian. He wouldn't be in danger all the time.

He knew that Gu Tanjian wasn't a good person. He was cruel and merciless, even more so than the most vicious demons. As long as he seized the opportunity, he would be able to devour and refine him. There were no moral restraints at all.

"Break!"

Facing the Infinity Sword, the cold woman's body moved. She had already become one with the Infinity Needle. All the light was retracted. In an instant, the light of the Swords of Infinity was shaken.

"The Infinity Needle isn't ranked high, but it's good at attacking."

Gu Shengjian smiled coldly. "Logically speaking, no treasures or array formations should be able to trap the Endless Needle. But you've encountered the Endless Sword, the number one treasure. If I let you escape just like that, you'll definitely die!" If I let you escape, wouldn't people say that I don't deserve my reputation? "

As he spoke, the Infinity Sword suddenly erupted with countless sword light, collapsing inwards and completely suppressing the Infinity Needle. In an instant, the Infinity Needle was forced to reveal the form of the cold woman again.

"Miss, quickly capture him. You still have a chance to live." Gu Changjian smiled. "Otherwise, I'll kill you today. There'll be no chance of survival." "Hmph!"

The cold woman suddenly activated some secret technique. Suddenly, a violent wave of Core Qi shot up into the sky, strengthening the Infinity Needle.

With this boost, the power unleashed by the Endless Needle almost doubled, and it immediately loosened the sword-light of the Ancient Bullet Sword by quite a bit.

"Infinity Pill? You actually have an Infinity Treasure in your body! How is this possible? "

At this time, Gu Tanjian and Gu Changjian were shocked at first, then overjoyed. "No wonder you didn't surrender to us. You still have such a trump card. Hahaha. But the Infinity Pill can't withstand it. Let's get the Infinity Treasure together!" At this time, Gu Changjian made his move. He activated the Infinity Blade. At this time, the Saber and Sword Harmony. With a creak, a huge force enveloped the cold woman, almost killing her immediately.

"Book! Tree! Palace! Pen! " At this time, the cold woman's eyes were filled with boundless killing intent again! Whoosh!

A book appeared in her body. This book was all-encompassing and contained the secrets of the Heaven Realm. It was another Infinity Treasure. The Book of Infinity. Then, a huge tree rose. It was the Tree of Infinity, one of the 36 Infinity Treasures. Another palace rose violently. It was the Palace of Infinity. Another large pen appeared. This was the Infinity Pen. A huge pen appeared. It wrote the Spring and Autumn and the history of the Heaven Realm.

At this moment, a total of six Infinity Treasures appeared in the cold woman's body, condensing into one. It was like the birth and death of the universe. It shook and expanded, causing the power of the Infinity Sword and Infinity Blade to split apart. appxsyd (Hold down for three seconds to copy)