Chapter 1116
============

System Backlash

Wang Dong's methods were exquisite, and he was also extremely patient. This way, he ruled over a huge empire, and his foundation was extremely solid. The hearts of the people were united, and everyone treated him as their savior. Everyone treated him as a great leader and teacher. His words were the absolute truth, and his every action was flawless. This was the true unity of the people, gathered in one body.

At this point, even if Wang Dong didn't have any ability, he could still control everyone. Everyone listened to him respectfully, and no one dared to disobey him. He used tactics to the extreme, and that was the righteous path. Moreover, he had great power.

"Impressive, impressive."

Gu Chensha secretly observed everything Wang Dong had done over the years. Even with his ability, he couldn't help but praise Wang Dong. In terms of controlling people's hearts, Wang Dong was a great existence. Now, Wang Dong's empire had completely expanded to the entire Tough and Soft Universe. Wang Dong's strength had also reached the peak of the Heavenly Dao Realm. Rumble!

At the last moment, Wang Dong conquered all the land and all the living beings in the Tough and Soft Universe, so that all the living beings knew that the owner of this universe was Wang Dong. The empire that Wang Dong built became the only empire in the Tough and Soft Universe.

After all the living beings knew that the owner of the universe was Wang Dong, Wang Dong suddenly activated his power and resonated with the will of the universe. In the resonance, his power began to transform into the Undying Realm.

"Tough and Soft Universe, you have your own will. Even if I'm the creator of the universe, your will might not listen to the creator.

Moreover, I'm not the creator of the universe, so this universe of yours doesn't need its own will. Just listen to my arrangements. Now, Tough and Soft Universe, your will shall vanish. "

During the process of Wang Dong's advancement, a cold expression appeared on his face. In an instant, the original will of the entire Hard and Soft Universe let out a series of mournful wails. Then, it finally disappeared. Wang Dong had erased its own consciousness and turned it into a mechanical thing.

In other words, this gigantic universe had now become Wang Dong's artifact, an artifact that was absolutely loyal and didn't have its own thoughts.

"Undying Realm, ascend …" Waves of power were converted, and Wang Dong became the Undying Realm. The moment he succeeded, waves of tribulations came crashing down on him.

However, Wang Dong let out a long howl. "Tribulation! How dare you try to use tribulation on me! What tribulation? I'm a Boundless Deathless, and I'm the ultimate entity! Only I can give tribulation to others, not to me! Devour it!"

Behind him, an enormous hand appeared, within which was a rainbow-colored hole. Boundless power swirled within the hole, emanating a gravitational force.

All of the tribulations were sucked into the huge hand. In an instant, the huge hand clenched into a fist, and the tribulations disappeared.

"Decompose, create."

Wang Dong chuckled coldly. "Tribulations are insignificant to me. But Gu Chensha, now that I've reached the Invincible Immortal level, it's not like I don't have any hope of dealing with you. I'll kill you and take my revenge. You killed my parents, so I won't let you live a good life."

Now that Wang Dong had reached the Invincible Immortal level, he knew the truth of the matter. It was all Gu Chensha's doing.

The Invincible Immortal level meant that he knew everything in the universe like the back of his hand.

What's more, everyone would join forces to deal with Gu Chensha, eliminating the restriction on their lifespans. Through the exchange of information, all of Gu Chensha's methods were clear.

"Host, you only have one mission left, and that is to kill Gu Chensha and become the Lord of Myriad Worlds. However, this mission is divided into many smaller missions. The mission given to you by the system is to first kill the Invincible Immortal expert by Gu Chensha's side, Lou Baiyue! The reward you've obtained is … "At this moment, Wang Dong's system's voice rang out.

The Merit and Creation system had accompanied Wang Dong from a weak point to a strong point. Now that Wang Dong had reached the Invincible Immortal level, the highest level in the universe, the system seemed to be stronger than ever.

It should be known that even with Gu Chensha's strength, he was still in the Invincible Immortal level.

"Give me a mission? Kill Lou Baiyue? "

Suddenly, hearing the system's mission, Wang Dong smiled coldly. "System, although you have assisted me for so long, as I improve, you have absorbed nutrients from me. That should be enough, right?

I'll give you one chance. Spit out everything you've swallowed in the past, and turn them into a magical treasure of mine. If you don't, I'll kill you. I, Wang Dong, have reached the Invincible Immortal realm. When have you ever seen someone in the Invincible Immortal realm who has to do missions and be bound by you …? " Beep beep beep …

At this time, the system seemed to be thinking about something, and suddenly sent out a thought. "If host does not complete the mission, the system will directly kill you. The system has completely infiltrated the host's soul. Everything about the host is under the control of the system. Host, quickly accept the mission, or you will be killed. The countdown begins now. Ten, nine, eight … " Wang Dong just looked at it coldly, not saying a word.

When the countdown slowly reached zero, the system said, "Three, two, one, time's up. Host did not accept the mission within the allotted time and has betrayed the system. Begin killing." Boom! A flame emerged from Wang Dong's body, causing his body to start melting.

However, Wang Dong still sneered. Suddenly, a wave of energy entered his body from the sky, causing the flames to start extinguishing. At this moment, another person appeared in the sky. This person was the other Wang Dong.

"What's going on? What's going on?

This is a fake body of the host. The host's real body has left the system. "The system's voice started to panic.

"System, do you really think you can control me? Do you really think that I, Wang Dong, have no way out?"

Wang Dong said. "I have already cast off my shell secretly. I have separated my soul and transferred all of it to create another body. I did not let you know."

"Impossible, impossible. There's no way the system doesn't know the host's actions." This time, the system increased the process of killing Wang Dong.

"I can't be bothered to explain it to you. You are not human at all, so you naturally don't understand the nature of humans."

Wang Dong grabbed, and streams of light immediately appeared from his body. These streams of light gathered into a large net. The large net flickered and filled the void. This was the system itself. This system had supreme power, but unfortunately, it was still under Wang Dong's control.

"Refine, shrink!"

Wang Dong's voice was completely emotionless. He activated his own strength, completely ignoring the system's screams. Gradually, he completely transformed the system into a round ball. This round ball flickered with light, as if it contained boundless intelligence and calculation abilities. However, the system's original will was already gone, so it couldn't issue any missions to Wang Dong, much less kill him.

"Cultivation, increase again."

After refining the system, Wang Dong's aura seemed to continue to rise, and finally stopped after reaching a peak. He was many times stronger than when he had just advanced to the Peerless Immortal realm. On the panel, his lifespan had actually reached five billion years.

One had to know that the Dharma Saint's lifespan was only one billion years when he advanced to the Peerless Immortal realm. In other words, his current strength was five times that of the Dharma Saint. However, Wang Dong was not happy at all. When he saw the panel, he suddenly attacked it with a force, wanting to shatter it.

Unfortunately, his strength could not touch the panel at all. The panel in front of him seemed to be in a different realm. He could not shatter it at all.

"It seems like Gu Chensha's strength is far above mine. This system actually issued a mission for me to kill that Lou Baiyue. How can I do that? It seems like the system is forcing me to step into a dead end step by step, and then it will harvest me. After devouring me, he might become a human. If he can't become a human, then he will find another host and nurture that host again. This cycle will continue. After harvesting many hosts, there will be a day when this host will become a human.

When that time comes, he will step onto the stage. Good plan, good plan. However, I already knew that this would happen, so I prepared in advance. " Wang Dong let out a long cry.

"I've finished observing this person. He grew from a weak and small age to a Peerless Immortal realm. His own methods and schemes can be said to be colorful.

During this process of observation, Gu Chensha fused all of his experiences into his own module, refining, extracting, and then materializing the module.

This Wang Dong's life experiences and methods were definitely the best of the best. He grew from a nobody to a Peerless Immortal realm powerhouse step by step. The complexity of it, and the exquisiteness of his schemes, were simply unparalleled.

Especially in the end, he actually completely refined the Merit Comprehension Creation System that had brought him benefits, causing the system to be unable to control him.

In the beginning, the system could bring enormous benefits to its host. However, once the host became a powerhouse, the system would become a restraint. In the end, it would steal the host's cultivation and use it as nutrients to nourish itself, making it a true human, and then a protagonist.

This sort of thing was not uncommon in the Myriad Worlds. During the many years that Gu Chensha had been observing Wang Dong, he had also been observing other powerful existences. Some of these existences had obtained systems first, and had achieved illustrious fame. Their cultivation had reached the limit, but when they finally broke through, they were absorbed and became nutrients for the system.