Chapter 24
==========

This was the terrifying part of this technique. If one cultivated it to the highest level and activated it, one's strength would cut through the air and form a force field within ten steps. Just the strong wind and air explosion would be enough to break weapons and tear people apart. However, to cultivate this technique to such a level, one had to be in the Dao Realm.

Luckily, Gu Chensha's strength was extraordinary. Although he could not spread the Ocean Reversal Technique to ten steps, he could still cover two to three steps.

His body spun like a top and the air waves made the six barbarian generals lose their balance. Their attacks started to show flaws. Kill! He roared and charged towards one of the barbarian generals.

The barbarian general should have retreated at this time, but his eyes were bloodshot. He roared like a wild beast and took a deep breath. His body became much bigger, like a giant bear. His skin was torn apart by his muscles, dripping with blood. He looked even more ferocious. No one knew what secret method he had used to increase his combat power, but he blocked Gu Chensha and forced him back to the center of the formation.

This was a desperate move. The barbarian general knew that he was going to die so he fought with his life on the line. As long as he could kill one prince, it would be worth it even if all of them died.

"Damn it, the barbarian general is fighting with his life."

Gu Chensha's eyesight had improved and he knew that this technique was extremely powerful. Although it would shorten one's lifespan, decrease one's combat power, break one's meridians, and even become a cripple, it could double one's power in a short period of time. There was a similar technique in the Great Spirit God Technique to stimulate the body.

The barbarian general grabbed with both hands and the shadow of his claws swept across the sky. It actually created a whirlpool that sucked people in.

Gu Chensha felt like he was being restrained and a sense of danger welled up in his heart. He knew that if he retreated, he would fall back into the encirclement and die.

His body suddenly shrunk and the gaps between his bones disappeared. Instantly, he turned into a three-foot child and squeezed out of the claw shadow.

"This is the Giant Spirit Mustard Technique from the Great Spirit God Technique. He can actually use it?"

Lou Chongxiao was actually paying close attention to Gu Chensha's movements and was shocked to see him escape the encirclement. The giant spirit, as the name suggested, was tall and mighty. And the mustard seed was very small.

The Giant Spirit Mustard Seed Technique was the Great Spirit God Technique. One could cultivate it to the point where it could turn from big to small, extreme yang to Yin. One needed to be at least at the first transformation of Dao Realm to barely be able to use it.

Of course, Gu Chensha's Giant Spirit Mustard Seed Technique was far from perfect. He could only shrink his bones to the size of a three-foot child.

If one truly cultivated it to perfection, a burly man would be able to crawl out of a hole the size of a fist.

Normally, Gu Chensha wouldn't be able to use it even with his current strength. However, in that moment of life and death, his potential was stimulated, and he was able to perform martial arts that he normally couldn't do. This was the tempering between life and death.

The opportunity to escape the encirclement could not be missed. Once lost, it would not come again. He crouched down and swayed like a large snake. His hands formed hooks and he struck out with the Soaring Snake Riding Mist from the Giant Spirit Claw.

This move was very strange. The whole person was crouching on the ground. The Soaring Serpent was of the earth attribute. It hid in the dust and suddenly attacked. The legs of the barbarian general who had just activated the secret technique were broken. The formation was immediately broken.

The five barbarian generals didn't expect that the sure-kill formation would be broken. Their fists hit nothing but air. Their powers collided with each other, causing their bodies to become unstable.

"Good chance."

Gu Chensha's mind was blessed. Any random move he made could capture the opportunity. His mind was like the sun and moon hanging in the sky, roaming the world. In the world, there was nothing it couldn't see and nothing it couldn't see. Although his movements were from the Great Spirit God Technique, his soul was from the Son of Heaven Sealing God Technique's Sun and Moon Refining and Sun and Moon Transformation. When this technique was activated, any flaws would be seen clearly.

Immediately, he grabbed onto the weakness of the five barbarian generals. He turned his palm into a finger and sent it out. It was like starlight breaking through the fog. His five fingers hit five death acupuncture points.

Putong putong … The five barbarian generals all fell to the ground. They were not breathing and were not injured at all. The Giant Spirit Finger Technique had five leaves.

The Great Spirit God Technique had palm arts, body arts, leg arts, finger arts, claw arts and so on. Otherwise, it wouldn't have become a national martial art. Even a genius would need thirty to fifty years of hard work to master the martial arts in this technique. However, he could use it freely after only half a year of practice. This was all thanks to the Son of Heaven Sealing God Technique that opened up his wisdom. Any martial arts in the world, in his eyes, had no secrets. This time, six barbarian generals died in his hands. So far, he had seven heads.

"After breaking this formation, in this life and death situation, my martial arts cultivation seems to have improved a little. This is real combat. I need more experience to be reborn and my soul be baptized."

The pressure on Gu Chensha lessened. He looked around the battlefield to see if he could get the first place and get the Hundred Tribulations Golden Pill.

Of course, his chance was not big. Even if he fought with all his strength, he could not get it. Otherwise, a person who had just started practicing martial arts could defeat many princes and get the first place. Today, he could show his strength and get the Emperor's favor. He had already gained something.

"Looks like Lou Baiyue got the first place." After looking around a little, he could see the situation of the scene.

Lou Baiyue seemed to be possessed by ghosts and gods. She shuttled back and forth. Whether it was a barbarian general alone or a group of barbarian generals, they could not stop her at all. She played it down, and her punches and kicks often hit from unimaginable angles, making it impossible to defend.

Gu Chensha saw that every time she attacked, her whole body would spin rapidly, causing a slight buzzing sound to come from all over her body. This made the punches have an unparalleled lethality.

Moreover, when facing her, the barbarian generals' movements were slow, as if they were affected by her spirit and aura, causing them to only be able to hit with thirty percent of their strength.

"I wonder what Lou Baiyue's martial arts aura is? I can only feel it when I fight her to the death. "

Gu Chensha had already reached Grandmaster Realm, and he had a deep understanding of martial arts aura. Especially after practicing with Long Yuyun for three days, he knew that when martial arts reached a high realm, one would pay the most attention to one's spirit and aura. As long as one's spirit locked onto the opponent, the opponent would feel like a tiger, leopard, wolf, mountain, river, demon, thunder, meteor … This kind of martial arts aura could suppress the opponent's spirit and cause them to be restricted.

Lou Baiyue hadn't stepped into Dao Realm, but her fist strength was actually no weaker than Long Yuyun's. Her movements were graceful and elegant, and it was obvious that she was better than most of the princes.

The princes were jealous, but they knew that the Emperor doted on this girl, so who dared to offend her? Whoosh!

Just as Gu Chensha was observing the surroundings, a barbarian general jumped out from the deep forest and pounced at him.

He flicked and hit the barbarian general's heart. The hidden energy seeped into his heart, causing it to split into pieces. The barbarian general slumped down like mud.

"How dare you!"

The thunderous roar caused Gu Chensha's head to buzz. A person chased after the barbarian general. When he saw that Gu Chensha had killed the general, he was furious. He stretched out his palm and pressed forwards.

"Tenth Prince." Gu Chensha saw clearly that it was the Tenth Prince, Gu Zhensha, who had a conflict with him.

"Gu Chensha, you actually dare to snatch the barbarian general that I injured. It seems like you really think that you can do whatever you want just because you have some martial arts? I was careless just now and only used 30% of my strength. Now, taste my Nine Heavens Lightning! "

The Tenth Prince Gu Zhensha's body was shaking like thunder. The Slash of Thunder had reached its limit. As he ran, the airflow around him was driven and exploded. He pushed with his palms, and Yin and Yang intertwined. His body was like a ghost.

His movement technique was the Phantom Shadow of the Ghost King Scripture. The law of strength was the Lightning Slash. Lightning was originally the power to destroy evil and was the bane of ghosts and gods. There was a risk of Qi deviation when these two martial arts were practiced together. However, Gu Zhensha used lightning to control ghosts and gods. Yin and Yang complemented each other, combining good and evil, thus obtaining the perfect exorcism technique.

He had just suffered a small loss and lost face in front of many nobles. He needed to get back at them. Otherwise, his prestige would be lowered and it would be difficult for him to do his job.

With this move, Gu Chensha seemed to see the scenery in front of him change. The sky was filled with thunder and lightning. A lightning giant pointed at the sky and stepped on the ground. It rolled over and took away one's mind. Then, he felt the world spin and he almost lost consciousness.

"This is the martial way's aura. Tenth Prince has used his true strength."

Fortunately, Gu Chensha had practiced the Emperor's God Sealing Art. He recovered in an instant. The depths of his mind were like the sun in the clear sky, burning with fire and flowing gold. The next moment, it was like the moon in the sky, cold and clear. The sun and the moon alternated, forming a boundless world. No martial way's spirit or aura could affect his mind.

When the Emperor conferred titles to the gods, what kind of aura and danger was that? How could he be shocked by a mere martial way's aura?

In fact, Gu Chensha had only scratched the surface. He was far from comprehending the true meaning of the Emperor. Otherwise, if he released his martial way's aura, the Tenth Prince would have long knelt down and not dared to move. In an instant, Gu Chensha recovered. He didn't dodge and fought with force.

The Sun and Moon Transformation of the Emperor's God Sealing Art activated the Great Spirit God technique. When he grabbed with both hands, it gave off the feeling of raging waves beating against the shore.

The first three moves of the Giant Spiritual Force, Moving Mountain, Overturning River, and Overturning Sea. Boom!

When the two moves collided, Gu Chensha's Qi and blood were unstable. He felt his bones and tendons go numb as if he had been struck by lightning. He knew that he had been hit by the hidden force of the Thunder Slash Force.

However, the other party wasn't much better. The Tenth Prince, Gu Zhensha, grunted and retreated. His body leaned against a big tree, and the big tree was knocked into, sending sawdust flying.

"This time, it was the Tenth Prince's full strength, and both sides were injured?"

Lou Chongxiao saw it clearly from afar. He wanted to stop it, but after seeing the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's expression, he didn't move. He didn't expect that the Tenth Prince's full strength couldn't take down the "Stupid Prince", Gu Chensha. From today onwards, who would dare to say that Gu Chensha was stupid?

"Your Majesty, the Tenth Prince and the Nineteenth Prince are fighting. Should I …" Lou Chongxiao began.