Chapter 277
===========

After Wu Dangkong left, Fang Lin was still drinking by himself. The bright moon in the sky was getting more and more resplendent like a white jade silver plate, crystal clear and cold.

"Why? Is Wu Dangkong trying to rope you in?

This woman is stirring up trouble. She might not be successful now, but a thousand-mile dike can be destroyed by an ant's nest. Furthermore, she is now in control of the central position, and we can't let her continue to stir up trouble. " Right at this moment, another woman appeared. It was Duke Mei Xi Chou.

"The Emperor let her enter the study room, and we can all see that it must be related to the destiny of heaven and earth. Therefore, we can't make any big moves against this woman and just maintain the situation in the imperial court.

I have contacted many ministers on this point, and they all have the same opinion as me. As long as the three dukes and eight marquises, the Celestial Tranquility Department, and the Celestial Designer Department aren't in chaos, the imperial court will be as stable as a mountain. "

Fang Lin seemed to have calculated it long ago. "We don't need to make too many plans. We just need to support the Celestial Tranquility Department, Lou Baiyue, Nineteenth Highness, and Fourth Highness. These three people are the hope of the imperial court. "

"This is correct. When Lou Baiyue and Nineteenth Highness join hands, it is unknown what kind of miraculous change was triggered, but their aptitude is actually comparable to a natural saint. It seems that the Emperor has been matchmaking the two of them, and it is not without reason.

Now that the Celestial Tranquility Department has obtained the Buzhou Palace, the Book of Heavenly Demon, and the Black Tortoise, if these three things can display their power, they will definitely shine in the future. "

Duke Mei Xi Chou analyzed, "It depends on how they use it. It seems that their strength is increasing every day. As long as they can hold on for another three to five years, Lou Baiyue and Nineteenth Highness will be able to compete with many old antiques."

"We still have to deal with them carefully. I am worried about those saint aristocratic families instead. The Wu Clan is clearly trying to stir up trouble in the world. In addition, Eldest Highness' heir is adding fuel to the fire."

Fang Lin started calculating. "This has already messed up the situation. Wu Dangkong is playing tricks in the imperial court, while Gu Tanjian is setting up plans in the wilderness. Right now, all the princes have been gathered together, and the aristocratic families behind them have begun to cooperate with Gu Tanjian. Have you found out who exactly is behind Gu Tanjian?"

"It's just a guess for now. The person behind Gu Tanjian might be The Great Spirit God, but there might be someone even more powerful. I just don't know how powerful that person is. "

Marquess Mei's Xi Chou looked worried, "Besides, did you find that Wu Dangkong has become more arrogant recently? It seems that he has gotten some earth-shattering support." "I'm carefully investigating this matter."

Fang Lin said, "His Majesty allowed her to take charge of the overall situation so that she would be tainted with some fate, allowing the Son of Heaven's aura to gather on her body and draw out certain things." "Could it be? Could it be the sacrificial decree? "

Marquess Mei's Xi Chou suddenly thought of something, "If this woman got the decree, then the situation will be complicated. As long as this woman sends out the news, it means that the Way of Heaven has chosen her as the Son of Heaven. At that time, with one call, hundreds will respond, and the world will be shaken by her." "That's not necessary."

A light appeared between Fang Lin's eyebrows, "Even if this woman got the decree, she wouldn't dare to express it. She can only cultivate in secret. When her cultivation is high enough, she will show it. But don't forget that the best way to use the sacrificial decree is to carry out a big sacrifice. The emperor will worship the heaven and earth, and then use the Son of Heaven's aura of the whole country to sacrifice. After a few times, the cultivation of the Son of Heaven will improve rapidly. In history, there was a Son of Heaven who fought with demons. After destroying the demon country, he caught countless demons and killed them. Then, he led the officials to carry out a big sacrifice. In an instant, he improved by four or five realms."

"That's true. Wu Dangkong can't lead the civil and military officials to worship the heaven, so even if she got the sacrificial decree, she can only hold some small sacrifices. This is equivalent to putting out a cart of firewood with a cup of water. You don't have to worry about it."

Marquess Mei's Xi Chou nodded, "But we also have to pay attention to one thing. Although this woman's foundation is not very stable, her means are also very big. Just look at how she made the Jingwu Chamber of Commerce famous among the people." "That's natural, and we can't let her mess around."

Fang Lin said, "No matter how strong the Jingwu Chamber of Commerce is, it is just a small chamber of commerce. How can it be compared with the world?

She can control the Jingwu Chamber of Commerce, which only proves that her talent is not bad. Although her aptitude is unparalleled, in today's world, even the Born Saint can't control it. Only an earth-shattering figure like the Emperor can control the world. "

"Fang Lin, you are a minister favored by the Emperor. In the future, you will be the prime minister. At the same time, you also have the responsibility of discovering the world's talents. The Emperor is in seclusion, and there is some turbulence in the world. You can't be alone. I think the reincarnated people of Xing Chen will gradually appear in the future. "

Marquess Mei's Xi Chou said, "The Jingxian Department is looking for the reincarnated people of Xing Chen. Unfortunately, there is no harvest. We have to help." "I have been paying attention to this matter for a long time."

Fang Lin nodded, "But the old guys in the Celestial Craftsmen Institute seem to be looking for them too. They want to take them in to increase their strength. They are naturally loyal to the Emperor, but they are also very selfish. The Emperor said that it is best to take the reincarnated people of Xing Chen into the Jingxian Department, but the Celestial Craftsmen Institute will naturally not be willing." "This is also human nature."

Marquess Mei's Xi Chou sighed, "The contribution of the Celestial Craftsmen Institute to the imperial court is unquestionable. When the Emperor is here, they are loyal. But if the Emperor is in seclusion for a long time, the world will be full of rumors. They must also plan for their own way out." "They may not be completely sincere."

Fang Lin's judgment was very accurate. "At this time, there are too few people who are truly willing to sacrifice their lives for the country and the world. However, the Celestial Calmness Department has their own plans and actions. Perhaps after some time, they will give us a huge shock."

"That is also true. The Jingxian Department is now moving with a tight layout. They already have the capital to hold back. They have already subdued more than four hundred celestial sects. This is a huge force. However, this Jin Suibo …" Fang Lin shook his head, "This person is unfathomable. I don't know what his thoughts are.

I have heard that Wu Dangkong has tried to recruit this person several times, but he has not succeeded. Gu Tanjian has also tried to recruit this person, but he has not succeeded either. "

"Lou Baiyue, the Nineteenth Highness, and the Fourth Highness are all dragons and phoenixes among men. They must have carefully considered the problem of Jin Suibo. If they can't even consider this, they can't be called peerless geniuses."

Marquess Mei's Xi Chou said, "Three days later, I have invited the eight great marquises, the other two great dukes, and some loyal people in the imperial court. We will hold a meeting to discuss how to deal with it. The Emperor has been in seclusion for a year. I am afraid that there will be some changes." "This should be done." Fang Lin nodded. In the Wilderness, Gu Chensha's fief.

Zhuge Ya cultivated in the deepest depths of the Black Tortoise's Nest. After Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue set up many killing arrays, they began to crack the Book of Divine Demons.

Gu Chensha used the Solar Moon Massacre as the foundation and mixed it with Lou Baiyue's Great Massacre Divine Technique to create a killing array. This array relied on the Black Tortoise's Nest and slowly absorbed the power of the stars and the light of the sun and moon. At the same time, it also absorbed violent power from the depths of various dimensions, gathering into the array's killing Dao.

Gu Chensha discovered that the Great Massacre Divine Technique was indeed worthy of being the number one killing technique. The most powerful thing was that it used the frequency of one's Essence Soul to carry out complex oscillations, attracting the energy from many dimensions.

Of course, there were infinite dimensions in the universe, and the energy in each dimension was different. Basically, 99% of the energy in the dimensions couldn't be absorbed by the human body. Instead, it was harmful to the human body. Some energy could even harm the Essence Soul. Just a little bit of it would destroy the human body and soul.

Therefore, it was extremely dangerous to use the Great Massacre Divine Technique. A slight mistake would result in a disaster.

There were even some dimensional energy that was incompatible with the current Origin World. Just a little bit of it would cause a huge explosion.

In history, there were many strange explosions that turned everything within a radius of thousands of miles into powder for no reason. It was because the energy from the dimensions leaked into this world, causing the energy to clash and become a disaster.

The killing power of the array set up by the Great Massacre Divine Technique exceeded the Solar Moon Massacre. However, the flaw was that it was very difficult to control. When extracting the energy from the dimensions, it would be sealed in the array. As it was constantly extracted, the energy from the dimensions would become more and more violent. It would explode at any time, and instead, it would blast the sealed area into powder. This was much more dangerous than storing a barrel of gunpowder.

However, when Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue were setting up the array, they discovered a problem. When Gu Chensha's Son of Heaven's God Investiture Art and the Great Massacre Divine Technique were combined, it could stabilize the energy from the dimensions. Furthermore, it made it easier to use the energy from the dimensions.

It could be said that with Gu Chensha's help, many of the Great Massacre Divine Technique's spell formations that Lou Baiyue had set up were now operating perfectly.

In the center of the sealed area was a pond. Deep within the pond was an enormous sphere that slowly revolved. Half of the sphere was a bright moon, while the other half was a great sun. Together, they formed a taiji symbol.

Within the taiji sphere were the runes of the Great Massacre Divine Technique, constantly extracting all sorts of energy from the dimensions. The inside of the sphere was a dazzling light, but it was definitely filled with incomparable power.

If it weren't for the Son of Heaven's God Investiture Art, the energy within the sphere would have long since exploded. Now, however, it was operating according to a fixed pattern, constantly extracting energy and building up its power. With each passing day, the sphere grew more terrifying.

Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha estimated that it would only take three months for the sphere's power to reach its peak. At that time, Zhuge Ya would become the true Lord of Seven Stars. At that time, even if Old Antique came, he would be able to give him a pleasant surprise with the array he had prepared for three months.

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue's all-out attack was already extremely terrifying, let alone an attack that they had prepared for three months.

Two months passed. Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, The Fourth, and Black Tortoise were preparing the array, while at the same time doing their best to decipher the Book of Heavenly Demons.

At that moment, the four experts were sitting in the four cardinal positions. Gu Chensha was in the Azure Dragon position, Lou Baiyue was in the Vermillion Bird position, The Fourth was in the White Tiger position, and the Black Tortoise baby was naturally in the Black Tortoise position.