Chapter 72
==========

Gu Chensha kept his subordinates in check, honing his martial arts and the art of war. He did not have any conflicts with the subordinates of the third and tenth princes. Early in the morning, Lou Baiyue sent someone to summon the three of them to the main hall.

"I've already received a secret order from the Emperor, asking us to meet up at the Sky Bearing Fortress immediately. This time, all the princes are heading out. Other than the eldest brother who is guarding the sea, even the seventh brother is here." Lou Baiyue held the yellow paper in his hand. "Let's not waste any more time, let's depart immediately."

"The seventh is coming too?" The tenth prince Gu Zhensha was shocked. "Then who is going to supervise the country?" "Naturally, the emperor."

Lou Baiyue closed the paper. "The emperor went into seclusion a while ago and came out yesterday. Although he has to restrain the Evil Gods, the emperor's cultivation is invincible. He has millions of incarnations and sits at the center, suppressing the Evil Gods, supervising the world, and overlooking the sea." "Also."

Lou Baiyue looked at Gu Chensha. "Nineteenth, the emperor has praised you and has given you the title of Prince Chen. He has also given you two manors, three hundred fire talisman spears, nine thousand pellets, three hundred white tiger sabers made of pure gold, and three hundred bottles of battle wine. These will be delivered at the Sky Bearing Pass." "Battle wine? This thing has really been developed? "

The third prince Gu Zhensha was shocked. "It can heal internal and external injuries, cure hundreds of poisons, and one mouthful without eating or drinking for three days. It can also clear the meridians, raise the spirit, and cleanse the flesh without any side effects?"

"That's right. Even the barbarians have military wine. Although it is provided by the Great Wei Dynasty, this wine still poses a great threat to us. The emperor has long noticed the Great Wei Dynasty billions of miles away. That piece of land will belong to our Great Yong in the future.

The effects of the battle wine are ten times stronger than the military wine, and it can increase one's physical strength. However, this wine can only be enjoyed by the elites of the general rank.

With this wine, the Hornless Dragon Armor, and the fire talisman spears, the end of the barbarians is near. "Lou Baiyue cupped his hands." We are fortunate to be able to survive in this golden age. " "Imperial Father is wise." Gu Chensha also cupped his hands. Gu Zhensha and Gufan Sha could only follow suit, but they were still very jealous. Gu Chensha was conferred the title of Duke.

Of course, with his meritorious service of killing the four old demons and the Barbarian Marshal, it was reasonable for him to be conferred the title of King.

The imperial court had a clear distinction between reward and punishment. It would be inexcusable if they did not give a reward. Gu Chensha was not surprised.

If the Seventh Brother was the one presiding over the empire, the rewards might not be given out and would definitely be delayed. However, given the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's cultivation base, he was already disdainful of schemes. All schemes were useless to him and no one in the imperial court would have any thoughts of rebellion.

The Fire Talisman Spear, the White Tiger Saber made of pure gold, and especially the Battle Technique Wine, were all rare treasures. They were newly developed by the imperial court, and the other princes' guards could not enjoy them.

Needless to say, the Fire Talisman Spear's long-range shooting was much more powerful than the bow and arrow. After being shot, the spear would explode into a bloody mess.

The White Tiger Saber was rumored to have been refined from the essence of five metals and then imbued with the starlight of the White Tiger. The baleful aura it exuded would frighten the enemy. It was extremely sharp and specialized in breaking through armor. Even several layers of steel armor would be sliced apart like tofu.

They wore the Horned Dragon Armor, carried the White Tiger Saber on their back, held the Fire Talisman Spear, and drank the Battle Technique Wine. This represented the highest standard of equipment of the Great Yong Dynasty. Now that Gu Chensha's subordinates had all enjoyed it, how could the other princes not be jealous? They were all at the second level of the mortal realm and had reached the next level. With this equipment, they could kill a hundred ordinary warriors.

Without any experts, Gu Chensha's 243 men could kill thousands, or even tens of thousands of barbarians in a frontal assault. They could even penetrate deep into the hinterland to execute the enemy.

"Let's go!" Lou Baiyue waved her hand, "Let's hurry to Sky Bearing Pass." "Roger." The four troops advanced in batches.

Gu Chensha's troops advanced silently. They did not speak much or whisper to each other. Their movements were orderly, their footsteps orderly, and their breathing synchronized. Even their movements were similar, as if they had come from the same mother's womb. This gradually gave off the aura of an elite army. But those who were observant were secretly astonished.

"Princess, the soldiers under his command are just strong farmers from the town. I can't believe they have such a powerful aura. Logically speaking, farmers need at least five years of training to be like this, and they also need to go through real battles to suppress bandits. How did he do it in less than a month?" The maid beside Lou Baiyue was also fully armed. She wore the Horned Dragon Armor and held the Fire Talisman Spear.

"This person had a fortuitous encounter and even had the Tiger-Wolf Pill. One must know that one Tiger-Wolf Pill can make one a tenacious martial arts master. But I don't think he has many Tiger-Wolf Pills. In the entire troop, only ten people have taken them." Lou Baiyue's eyes were sharp, "As for the other soldiers, I'm afraid they are being trained by an expert." She was very accurate. These days, Gu Chensha had Yi Ming train these soldiers.

Yi Ming himself was an emissary of the Temple. He was highly intelligent and had a clear understanding of the training of the barbarian soldiers. There were even Temple Warriors in his Temple, who were the true elites of the barbarian race.

He was here to train the soldiers, so he was naturally better than the brilliant instructors under Marquis Dashi.

The troops marched in silence. Unexpectedly, the Third Prince and the Tenth Prince did not provoke them along the way. They focused their minds and calmed their breathing. The troops moved very quickly.

After marching rapidly for two or three days, the scenery of Xian Province gradually became more and more barbaric. Strange mountains towered, dense forests, and grasslands at the foot of the mountains. Cattle and sheep roamed and wild horses galloped. The people's customs became rough and barbaric.

In addition, the most eye-catching were the many prismatic war fortresses. They were extremely huge, and the surrounding farmland was cultivated. Many families lived in the war fortresses.

This was a powerful weapon against the barbarians. Thousands of families lived together in the huge and sturdy war fortresses. When there was nothing to do, they would farm and graze outside. When there was something to do, they would return to the fortress to fight. This was the best way to resist the barbarian invasion for thousands of years.

Although the common people living inside the Great Wall no longer suffered from the barbarian invasion after the construction of the Great Wall, the habits of the generations still made them live in groups.

The imperial court did not stop them. Instead, they strongly encouraged it. This was because the Great Wall was the first line of defense, and the second line of defense was still these war fortresses.

The deeper they went, the more war fortresses they saw. They were bigger and denser, and the population also increased. The commercial trade was extremely prosperous. There were merchants, soldiers, people from Jianghu, adventurers, and people from overseas.

"Your Highness, the Barbarian is rich in resources. There are treasures everywhere. The adventurers and people from Jianghu leave the border to seek treasures and make a fortune in the Barbarian. The imperial court also encourages this and vigorously develops the border market. The five of us went to the border and even hunted a Ghost Face Wolf. We sold its fur for several thousand yuan."

Liu Yu was clever and loyal. He changed the way he addressed Gu Chensha and started to call him Your Highness. "The fur and meat of wild beasts in the Barbarian are in short supply. The rich and noble families love wild beast meat. It tastes delicious and has very few impurities. It can also make up for the loss of blood essence and strengthen the bones." "I know about this."

Gu Chensha walked on the road and waved his banner. Regardless of whether it was soldiers, merchants, or martial arts experts, they all gave way. "The best-selling meat in the Barbarian should be the Herculean Bull. I remember that a long time ago, the imperial palace had a supply of it.

The Blood Strengthening Pill is made from the flesh and blood of the Herculean Barbarians and a few herbs in the Barbarian. "

The Herculean Bull was a special wild bull in the Barbarian. It was ferocious and lived in groups. Sometimes, it would eat grass. Sometimes, it would even eat other wild beasts and people.

This bull was born to gallop, which was in line with martial arts. It could not be tamed. It was restless all the time. Even when it slept, it would sway and run.

Because of this, the beef was compact and firm. The older it was, the stronger the meat was. Only the rich and noble families of the past could be called nobles if they could have this meat on their dining table every day.

The Herculean Barbarians lived in groups. They were ferocious and aggressive. Even martial arts masters could not capture them. Only martial arts grandmasters could seize the opportunity to capture one. This beef was still the main food of many rich and noble families.

"You are familiar with the market at the border. Do you know the price of the Blood Strengthening Pill?"

Asked Gu Chensha. He wanted to buy some Blood Strengthening Pills and store them. He had stolen a few boxes of Blood Strengthening Pills from the Barbarian Temple. However, it would not take long for more than 200 people to consume them.

If a person consumed the Blood Strengthening Pill for a long time and the supply was suddenly cut off, the body would still accumulate impurities. The only way to maintain a clean body was if one cultivated to the Dao Realm and absorbed spiritual energy to wash the blood, flesh, tendons, and bones every day.

"The Blood Strengthening Pill is hard to get now. The Barbarians have strict control over it, so it is hard for it to spread. The market is in short supply, and the price has been inflated to a few thousand yuan. Many rich and noble families can't afford it now." Liu Yu said, "The key is that some big aristocratic families want as many as they can get. They are hoarding them. " "A few thousand yuan for one?"

Gu Chensha calculated. Even if he had a million yuan, he could only buy a few thousand. He was a Duke now. His annual salary was just over ten thousand yuan. He could only buy two or three. "Oh yes, why do I need to buy the Blood Strengthening Pill?

I got thousands of boxes from the Barbarian Temple. I have been too busy to open them. There should be goods in them. " Only then did he remember this. The first time he robbed a temple, he didn't get many Blood Strengthening Pills.

The second time he occupied Peach County, he looted the biggest treasury clean, leaving Third Prince Gu Fasha empty-handed. These days, he was busy and afraid of being exposed, so he didn't take a look. Now that he thought about it, he should find a chance to see if there was anything useful.

"The Imperial Envoy Post House is in front. Let's rest there for a night. We should reach Sky Bearing Pass tomorrow.

Soldiers can also relax today. Take a look at the market here. There are many things that you might not be able to buy in the capital. "Lou Baiyue pointed to the front. In front of them was a huge post house. The ground was made of stone slabs.

There were also craftsmen building outside. They mixed a gray mud and solidified it, turning it into hard stone. The paved road was smooth and hard like iron.

Gu Chensha knew that this was the latest product developed by the Celestial Designer Institute. It was called "Stone Mud".

It was a godly construction material. It was strong and durable. It wouldn't rot even after being exposed to wind and rain.

"Welcome, Princess Yuefu, Third Master, Tenth Master, and Nineteenth Master."

At this moment, the manager of the post house, the local inspector, and the officials were all kneeling at the door. They had long received the news and had been waiting.

"Rise."

Lou Baiyue waved her hand. She was the Imperial Envoy and her status was even higher than the princes. "Have the rooms been arranged?"