Chapter 262
===========

Although Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue were able to craft the Heaven Repairing God General puppets, each one was equivalent to a Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body expert, they couldn't mass produce them.

That was because to craft the Heaven Repairing God General, apart from the essence of the five metals, they also needed good jade stones. Materials were a problem. Apart from that, refining the essence of the five metals and jade stones into spirituality required a large amount of essence energy.

Under the nourishment of spiritual qi over a long period of time, plants and trees would develop spirituality over time, and the Heavenly Dew's ability was even stronger. Gu Chensha's Sun and Moon Dragon Blood surpassed the Heavenly Dew, and the Sun and Moon Dragon Handle surpassed the Sun and Moon Blood. Now, he was combining the Sun and Moon Dragon Handle with Lou Baiyue's God Slaughtering Qi, transforming into an inconceivably profound aura.

Just like that, he could merge the essence of the five metals and jade stones to form something similar to the legendary Heaven Repairing Stone.

He would then use this material to forge meridians, inject star power, carve formations, and nurture spirituality. Finally, it would wiggle at a frequency that combined the laws of heaven and earth to form the original form.

Even with Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue's ability, they were extremely tired and didn't want to create a second one.

This was with the cooperation of Buzhou Palace and Dragon Sect. After seven days and seven nights of hard work, they were able to create one.

If not for Buzhou Palace and Dragon Sect, the two of them probably wouldn't have been able to create one in seven years.

Bu Zhou Palace itself was a huge Heaven-grade weapon factory. There were many places in this palace that had the ability to decompose and combine energy. The energy was used to refine materials, and the materials were repeatedly forged, hammered, and finally, the best and strongest Heaven-grade weapons were made.

As for the Dragon Gate, it absorbed some innate earth energy and converted it into the Dragon Nurturing Qi that could raise one's aptitude. When the Dragon Nurturing Qi seeped into the materials, the spirituality of the materials would undergo an earth-shattering transformation.

This also meant that the Heaven Repairing God General that Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue worked hard to create was smarter than others. It was much smarter than the 1,000-year bone monster and could do many complicated things.

The two of them didn't want to continue creating this Heaven Repairing God General puppet. They could only wait until their cultivation was high enough.

"We still haven't been able to fully comprehend this Skydemon Book."

Lou Baiyue sighed and said, "If we can combine this book with the Buzhou Palace, add the Dragon Gate, and combine the three treasures into one, then we can create a large number of Heaven Mending Divine Generals, and even Endless Magistrates."

"There are many powerful Fey souls sealed in the Skydemon Book. There are also multiple spaces that store many materials." Gu Chensha nodded. "But as our cultivation improves, I think it's not impossible to open this book."

"Right now, we shouldn't rashly sacrifice souls," Lou Baiyue said. "Souls are also very useful for us to create puppets." "Souls are useful to the Heavenly Dao, so they are even more useful to us.

I suspect that the reason why there are so many strong Fey souls sealed in the Skydemon Book is to create some kind of Monster Race Heaven Soldier. "Gu Chensha's horizons were broadened and he saw many things clearly.

"This Heaven Repairing God General is better than nothing. Our Calming Celestial Department has one more Dao Realm Transformation Nine Expert." Lou Baiyue looked at the Heaven Repairing God General puppet and felt really happy.

The Heaven Repairing God General puppet was really calm like it wasn't tempted by anything in the world. It didn't have its own thoughts and thoughts, but the energy on its body surged and circulated like a huge river.

After the two of them consumed the Xuanhuang Pill, they quickly recovered their energy and even improved.

Gu Chensha kept the Heaven Repairing God General into the Dragon Gate. Instantly, the puppet started to breathe and refine itself, becoming purer and purer. It also pushed the Dragon Gate to revolve.

Unfortunately, there was only one Heaven Repairing God General and it was unable to form a formation. Suddenly, Gu Chensha's heart stirred. "Lend me another hand!

Although the Nine-headed Saint Dragon Celestial Soldier is strong, it isn't compatible with my cultivation technique. If we take it apart and reforge it, using the materials from the Nine-headed Saint Dragon Celestial Soldier, we can probably create hundreds of Heaven Repairing God Generals. Heaven Repairing God Generals are compatible with my Common People Heaven Repairing Technique. Only then will we be able to stack our strength and become even stronger. " "This plan can work."

Lou Baiyue understood the theory right away, "But we need a lot of materials. Why don't we strip Jing Fanxing, Jian Chengkong, and Xiao Wujin of their treasures and let Buzhou Palace break them down?" "This plan reminds me."

With a thought from Gu Chensha, the three of them who were sealed in the depths of the Dragon Gate spun and the treasures on their bodies flew out one by one.

"As expected of the elite disciples of the 72 Mysterious Gates. They actually have so many treasures on them, especially Jing Fanxing. He even has a storage ring." Gu Chensha counted them one by one.

"Jing Fanxing and Wu Dangkong have colluded for many years, and he is one of the most elite disciples of the Black Heaven Earth Sect. He definitely has many good things on him. Besides that, ever since Wu Dangkong entered the master's study, he has been secretly embezzling from the national treasury. Who knows how much of the things that we gave the national treasury have been pocketed by Wu Dangkong. It's not bad to take back some of the interest."

Lou Baiyue watched as Gu Chensha took out the treasures on Jing Fanxing's body one by one and sent them into Buzhou Palace. Buzhou Palace's Heavenly Cycle Apparatus revolved, calculated, broke down, refined, and reforged.

"Saint Dragon Celestial Soldier, self-destruct!"

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue worked together and activated it again. A huge force rushed into the depths of the Dragon Gate. Buzhou Palace was also activated and began to revolve faster.

The two of them had previous experience and were now familiar with the process. They used Buzhou Palace to break down the Saint Dragon Celestial Soldier and then transform it into Heaven Mending Divine Generals. This process was actually not very difficult.

The Saint Dragon Celestial Soldier's level was much higher than the current Heaven Mending Divine Generals, even far higher than the Heavenly Designer Institute's ghostly immortals. Breaking it down and transforming it into a lower level Heaven Mending Divine General was much easier than advancing. Rumble!

The nine Saint Dragon Celestial Soldiers turned into a vast amount of materials and pure energy, and went through thousands of combinations and transformations in the depths of Buzhou Palace. Finally, Heaven Mending Divine Generals were born in the depths of Buzhou Palace's Dragon Gate.

"I didn't expect that after breaking down the many treasures on Jing Fanxing's body, there would be a huge amount of materials that could help me."

Gu Chensha circulated it continuously. In the depths of the Dragon Gate, every time a Heaven Mending Divine General appeared, his Heaven Mending Stellar Energy would become a little stronger. Other than that, his cultivation level seemed to have some sort of breakthrough.

These Heaven Mending Divine Generals were formed according to the Common People Heaven Mending Art that he deduced. They were almost like a part of him that had split off. The Heaven Mending Divine Generals breathed in and out vital energy in the depths of the Dragon Gate and worked perfectly with him.

When the Saint Dragon Celestial Soldier was activated, it still did not reach the true feeling of spirit, energy, and will as one.

"My thoughts were indeed correct."

Gu Chensha activated the breathing technique again. Who knew how much Immortal Qi and Spirit Qi were absorbed by Buzhou Palace and Dragon Gate, and then they absorbed light from the stars in the sky like a river. Another month passed.

Gu Chensha's Dragon Gate stood behind him. It was as tall as ten people. At a glance, it was densely packed with Heaven Mending Divine Generals. They formed all kinds of formations, and then they changed with each other to form a large formation. When they combined, the Innate Stellar Energy seemed to turn into burning flames.

"A total of three hundred and sixty Heaven Mending Divine Generals."

Gu Chensha was very satisfied. "It's just right to evolve into a large formation with the number of Heavenly Cycles. Also, with so many Heaven Mending Divine Generals helping me, it will be much easier to refine in the future."

The more Heaven Mending Divine Generals, the faster Gu Chensha could refine. In the future, with enough materials, it would not take seven days and seven nights to refine Heaven Mending Divine Generals.

"Your vital energy has become even purer."

Lou Baiyue clicked her tongue in admiration. "We have finally refined three hundred and sixty Heaven Mending Divine Generals. Although we lost nine Saint Dragon Celestial Soldiers, it was more worth it. At this moment, your strength has increased by at least thirty to forty percent. Moreover, the Saint Dragon Celestial Soldiers are purely used for killing. These Heaven Mending Divine Generals can also do many things. They can build mountains and rivers, set up large formations, help you cultivate, and collect materials."

"These Heaven Mending Divine Generals themselves are not very strong. There are still many areas for improvement. As my cultivation improves, it is only a matter of time before these Heaven Mending Divine Generals surpass the Saint Dragon Celestial Soldiers."

Gu Chensha was very confident. "However, even now, as long as the number of Saint Dragon Celestial Soldiers increases by ten times, or even dozens of times, we will have a high chance of forcefully opening the Book of Heavenly Demons."

The two stood up and once again consumed Black Yellow Pills to replenish their energy. Only then were they satisfied.

During the process of cultivation, Lou Baiyue could break through to the Sixteen Transformations realm at any time.

When the two came out of the secret chamber, they saw The Fourth still reading through documents and discussing with Long Zaifei and the others. Seeing The Fourth's expression, Gu Chensha knew that something must have happened.

"As expected, Wu Dangkong has made a move."

The Fourth was holding a document. "A few days ago, Wu Dangkong sent out a document saying that our Calming Immortal Department has to pay all the taxes to the national treasury. Then, the appointment and dismissal of the officials in the Calming Immortal Department will all be handled by the Upper Study. Other than that, he said that the national treasury is empty and needs to strengthen the centralization of power.

Naturally, I flatly refused and ignored it. But now, that Gu Tanjian has incited the scholars and spread rumors in the National Fortune Gazette, attacking our Calming Immortal Department's people and saying that the imperial court wants to manage it. " "Very good. As expected, she has made a move. This woman has the ambition of a wolf."

Lou Baiyue and Gu Chensha looked at each other and smiled. The two had already calculated this point. "Since that is the case, we will use our own plan." At the same time.

In the palace, the veiled Wu Dangkong was listening to the words of a servant girl. "Eldest Miss, everything has been prepared. When will we make a move against the Calming Immortal Department?"

"Wait a little longer. Wait for the public opinion to ferment. Has there been any news from Jing Fanxing's side?" Wu Dangkong asked.

"Not yet. I heard that he is contacting experts and cultivating a few extremely powerful spells. As long as we are prepared, we will be able to capture the entire Calming Immortal Department in one fell swoop." The servant girl was clearly not an ordinary person.