Chapter 598
===========

Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, Gu Huasha, Zhuge Ya, Jin Suibo, Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, and Black Tortoise. These were the nine saints.

Then there were Liu Yu and the other four, Long Zaifei, and Lou Huaiyue. These were the sixteen saints. The Calming Immortal Department's talent pool could be considered rich and complete.

Of course, Gu Chensha was not satisfied with this. His goal was to turn his little godson, Long Yuyun, Jade Frost Dew, and Bao Ming 'er into innate saints.

They were currently cultivating the Dragon Nurturing Technique and Dragon Creation Technique, and were also peerless geniuses. However, they had not accumulated enough. If he wanted to promote them to innate saints, he was afraid that he would need a lot of holy dragon qi. Therefore, Gu Chensha promoted seven of them first. Next, he still had to find the holy dragon qi.

There were no more on Gu Shengjian's side, but there would definitely still be some on the Mighty Miracle God's side. Through Gu Shengjian, he could communicate with the Mighty Miracle God and might even be able to plot against this god.

In the past, Gu Chensha did not have much confidence. But now, it was different. Once the medium-class realm was built, he would have the capital to contend against anything.

With the establishment of the Small Divine Province, and the stable operation of the world, the Common People's Wish Institute blossomed everywhere. The Calming Immortal Department grasped the power of the world, and the power of the vow became more and more tyrannical. In any case, it was barely able to maintain the operation of the medium-class realm and prevent it from withering.

If he wanted the medium-class realm to become stronger, then besides managing the world and gathering the power of will, as the creator, Gu Chensha had to become a god.

But now, it seemed that Zhuge Ya, who was also a creator, would be the fastest to reach the god level. Even if he had a god level, the flexibility of the medium-class realm would be greatly increased.

After Zhuge Ya obtained the World Burying Coffin, he obtained two sets of the Seven Star Esoteric Meanings, and mastered the Nine Fold True Dragon Technique. When his quality was comparable to that of a Warlock Saint's, he directly broke through from the Twenty-Fifth Transformation of the Undying Body to the Twenty-Seventh Transformation of the Seamless Realm.

And when the minor dimension ascended to the medium-dimension dimension, he broke through once more, reaching the 28th transformation – Crushing Vacuum.

Over the past seven months of cultivation, he had solidified his foundation and was now firmly at the 29 Transformations of Primordial Chaos. His cultivation speed was much faster than Wen Hong's.

Of course, the current Zhuge Ya's aptitude was almost at the level of the King of Sages. No natural born Sages in history could compare to him.

Even if the Lord of the Sun and Moon, who had never appeared in history and only existed in legends, had suddenly appeared out of nowhere, he was probably on par with him, or perhaps just a little bit stronger.

Of course, whether or not there would be a Lord of the Sun and Moon was still a mystery. After all, no one had ever seen one.

Zhuge Ya now had the aptitude, countless techniques and memories, and the support of the medium-dimension. With the help of the Department of Tranquility and the great destiny of the human dao, it wasn't strange for him to have this kind of achievement.

Ever since becoming the Lord of the Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya's cultivation had almost no obstacles. Breaking through one realm after another was as easy as eating and drinking. Moreover, Zhuge Ya had the support of the medium-dimension and the Tree of Wishes.

To outsiders, this cultivation speed was inconceivable. But to people like Chang Weiyang and Tai Xuan, it was because he needed to stabilize his foundation that he hadn't done it in one go. Otherwise, Zhuge Ya would have already become a god.

"The Primeval Dragon Gate's Sacred Dragon Mantra is truly mysterious and profound."

Chang Weiyang stood up. "But the Sacred Dragon Mantra you deduced only has one percent of its profundities."

"Unless I enter the Primeval Dragon Gate, I won't be able to obtain more of the Sacred Dragon Mantra. I've already given the Dragon Raising Mantra and the Dragon Making Mantra, as well as the Sacred Dragon Mantra I comprehended, to the two headmasters. If you pass them on to your disciples, it won't be long before a large number of peerless geniuses are born in the sect." Gu Chensha didn't hold anything back.

This wasn't the time to hold anything back. The Demon Calamity seemed to be in a cold war, but a second eruption would be extraordinary.

The demons were waiting for an opportunity. Perhaps they were waiting for the three Empyreans to make a move. Perhaps they were waiting for some other powerful change in the world.

"This is the Dragon Nurturing Heart Sutra, the Dragon Creation Heart Sutra. The Holy Dragon Sutra is a supreme mysterious art that can seize the fortune of heaven and earth, a method to change the heavens and earth. Once we obtain it, we will definitely face a great calamity," Chang Weiyang said. "However, this is the only way we can pull the three Heavenly Sovereigns down from their positions. The three Empyreans don't have the Sacred Dragon Mantra.

"These three mantras cannot be taught to outsiders. Now, we will learn them within the sect," Tai Xuan said.

"Especially the Sacred Dragon Mantra. Although it's only about one percent, it can be combined with the Dragon Raising Mantra and the Dragon Making Mantra to break through the limit. After the disciples learn it, they will far surpass ordinary peerless geniuses and approach half-saints." "I'm about to break through to the God Realm."

Zhuge Ya said, "Sect Masters, please return to your sects and make preparations. Observe the Crimson Firmament Mystic Gate and the Nine Swords Mystic Gate. Once I break through to the Deity Realm, I'll exterminate these two mystical gates!

Especially the Crimson Firmament Gate. We must capture, kill, and devour them. Otherwise, it will be difficult to intimidate the Immortal Dao. " "Very good. The structure of the Immortal Dao is about to change."

Chang Weiyang nodded. "In these seven months, we have received many benefits from the Celestial Calmness Department. It seems that we are about to overturn the Black Heaven Earth Gate's rule. If you become a God, your control over this medium-class world will greatly increase." "Right, I have one more thing to ask."

Tai Xuan said, "If the Celestial Calmness Department increases production every day, how many pieces of the Human-Dragon Three-Piece Set can you produce?

Our Taiyi Fantasy Sect has about billions of people, including our own countries. Although it's not as large as the current Yongchō, we still need a lot of resources. If the Celestial Calmness Department can supply us, it won't be difficult for our Taiyi Fantasy Sect to promote to a medium-class world. "

Each Xuanmen Sect had a large number of mortals. They established their own countries in the East Wilderness and gathered faith to enrich the small-class world.

As the second most powerful sect in the Immortal Dao, Taiyi Fantasy Sect occupied a large number of spiritual mountains and treasured lands in the East Wilderness. Its land area was even larger than that of the Divine Land.

On this vast land, countless mortals lived and multiplied generation after generation. They believed in Heavenly Lord Taiyi and ruled the country with Daoism. Completely different from the Divine Land, there were at least billions of mortals in the land under the control of Taiyi Fantasy Sect.

These mortals formed countries and offered sacrifices to Heavenly Lord Taiyi every year, which provided a lot of strength of faith for Taiyi Fantasy Sect.

Now that Taiyi Fantasy Sect had gained all the orthodoxies of Heavenly Lord Taiyi in the Taiyi Pearl, Tai Xuan prepared to govern these mortal countries. With such a large population, it was hard for Tai Xuan to govern them. When he found that Gu Chensha and the others could govern the countries easily, he wanted to acquire resources and strategies. A powerful cultivation base didn't mean that one could govern a country. It was totally different.

"Even though our Celestial Calmness Department promoted to a medium-class world and our wish tree was fully mature, we could only produce 5 million Human-dragon Pills a day. As for Human-dragon Swords and Human-dragon Armors, we could only produce about 100,000 sets a day. It's not enough to supply all the people in the world, not to mention Taiyi Fantasy Sect.

It's not impossible to increase the production, but it would hinder the operation of the entire world, which would create a vicious cycle. The loss outweighs the gain. "

Zhuge Ya said, "After calculation and optimization, we can produce 5 million Human-dragon Pills, 100,000 sets of Human-dragon Swords and Human-dragon Armors every day. This is the best result. These pills are taken by our disciples. When our disciples pray, they will generate the strength of hope to promote the operation of the world. Then, they will produce new Human-dragon Pills, Human-dragon Swords and Human-dragon Armors. One more will make us fat, one less will make us thin. "

"It seems that after the Calm Immortal Department ascends to become a dimensional realm, they will have to carefully plan everything in order to be able to support themselves for a long time. Otherwise, they will gradually decline. The larger they are, the more they need to be meticulous about everything."

Zhuge Ya said, "I've just watched the countries with billions of people in Taiyi Continent under Taiyi Fantasy Sect. I found that Taiyi Fantasy Sect doesn't have a good way of governing a country. If I govern it, the cohesiveness of the people in this country would increase by at least dozens of times. Additionally, I don't need to inject any resources. I can just carry out a reform."

"The cohesiveness of the people would increase by dozens of times?" Tai Xuan was shocked, "Only by the reform of the country? What about governing a country in the Divine Land? "

"It's very difficult to govern a country in the Divine Land. There are many obstacles. There are immortal sects, barbarians, demons, major clans. Additionally, the fortune of the Divine Land is extraordinary. It's the center of the world, the core of the world and has endless changes. It's very difficult to control the Divine Land. From far-ancient times to modern times, there's only one Heavenly Talisman Emperor."

Zhuge Ya said, "However, the Taiyi Continent that Taiyi Fantasy Sect founded in the East Wilderness is different. This continent is dominated by Taiyi Fantasy Sect. Everything is decided by Taiyi Fantasy Sect. Therefore, it's very easy to reform.

As long as we use some means to combine Yin and Yang, the cohesiveness of the country would increase. " "What is Yin and Yang combined?" Tai Xuan asked humbly. He knew that in a few years, Zhuge Ya's power would completely surpass his.

"Activate the sense of crisis and create confrontation. The people are not at ease. In the Taiyi Continent, there are many countries that fight with each other. However, don't hurt them. Just give them pressure.

Now, the people in the Taiyi Continent are too comfortable. They all belong to Taiyi Fantasy Sect. No one has the will to fight. Doesn't that mean they can die? Worry and hard work can make a country prosper. "

Zhuge Ya said, "However, everyone knows this. It's a pity that governing a country is not that simple. Creating a confrontation could easily ignite wildfire and turn the confrontation into hatred. That would not be worth the loss. "

Zhuge Ya was very wise. He had obtained all of Jiang Gongwang's thoughts on governing a country and the experiences of dozens of ancient emperors. Create a confrontation, but control the fire well. Don't let the confrontation turn into hatred.

This was simply controlling and using the human heart. Even the ancient sages who could create things out of nothing, such as dust in the Primordial World, Incarnation Embodiment, etc., couldn't guess the changes in the human heart. The sky wasn't high, but the human heart was the highest.

The way of governing a country depended on the human heart. The use of this way was above that of sages. .....

Recently, I've been updating about 10,000 words a day for three consecutive months. I'm a bit sick. My eyes are blurry and I can't stop tearing up. My waist, shoulders and neck also have problems. I need to take a rest. From now on, I will update twice a day. The third update at night will wait until I recover.