Chapter 675
===========

At this time, the people in charge of the entire Central Divine Prefecture, even the Wildlands and the overseas provinces all received cultivation methods from the Commander of Common People. These methods were all deduced by Gu Chensha and were most suitable for them to cultivate. They could make up for their own shortcomings and make their cultivation and evolution even more perfect. This was something inconceivable.

Originally, the same could be said for all sorts of people. Cultivators who absorbed spiritual energy would also have all sorts of strange cultivation and comprehension paths. They had their own paths and they had to walk it themselves. But now, Gu Chensha was using the Common People Mending the Heavens to help them find out what they were lacking. This was indeed a method of 'mending the heavens'. Mending the heavens, mending the earth, mending people, mending all things.

This was what Gu Chensha had comprehended from the Buddhist Sect's concept of transcending everything and causing all beings to enter the Nirvana Realm. The two had similar effects, but Gu Chensha's method of mending the heavens was more interesting. He did not forcefully transcend all beings, but when they were lost, he would enlighten them. This way, karma would not contaminate them, and fate would come and go without a trace. It really had a hint of the Heavenly Dao's wondrous effects.

This was also when Gu Chensha and Xing Qiongshi fought, he started to completely merge the wondrous effects of the Buddhist Sect, merging the orthodoxy and civilization into the depths of his Heaven Mending Art, establishing a true foundation.

Originally, the Great Massacre God Art, Son of Heaven God Sealing Art, and many other top techniques all had their own Daos, and it was difficult to truly merge them together.

However, after Gu Chensha cultivated the Heavenly Dao, he used the quality of the magic power that no one in history had ever been able to cultivate. He also used a great deal of knowledge as fuel to refine it. Finally, with the "help" of the "Grandmaster Craftsman" Xing Qiongshi, he truly tempered his body and began to fuse them together. The battle between Gu Chensha and Xing Qiongshi was a situation that he had deliberately created.

Now, he had deduced some things. Using the will of the Commander of Common People, he sent it to the various governors. Their cultivation would definitely improve greatly in a short period of time, and they would truly feel the greatness of the Calming Celestial Department, which would strengthen their confidence. Days passed one by one. The world seemed to be flourishing and flourishing.

As for the Dharma Saint, he did not take any further actions. In fact, he was brewing an even greater storm, waiting for some sort of opportunity to arrive.

Meanwhile, Chang Weiyang and Dou Yiyu had entered the space-time turbulence to fight in the Exiled Grounds. It was as if both of them had disappeared without a trace.

However, many big shots knew that a battle of this level would definitely last for a long time. Even if it was a battle between two gods, the outcome could not be determined in a day or two, let alone two existences who were only a hair away from reaching the Celestial Master Realm. It wouldn't be unusual for such a battle between giants to last for several years or even decades.

Many people were watching this battle. The reason why the Dharma Saint did not erupt was that he was afraid that Chang Weiyang would suddenly advance to the Empyrean Realm during the battle and return.

If a dimensional realm had an Empyrean level character holding the fort, then that was a completely different matter. This was especially true if the Common People's Wish sphere had formed an alliance with the many profound sects and were able to communicate with each other.

Other than that, the Dharma Saint still had a lot of things to do. At the very least, he had to annex the other aristocratic families, suppress some of the big shots within the Heavenly Devil Race, and subdue the other Devil Races. Just like that, the entire world seemed to have returned to a temporary state of peace.

They were all developing their strength and secretly accumulating power, preparing for a heaven-shaking strike. Time slowly passed by Heaven Talisman 30.

Gu Chensha had debuted in Heaven Talisman 14. At that time, he was only 14 years old. Now that 16 years had passed, he was already 30 years old.

During these 16 years, he had grown from a Worldly Realm expert to a Dao Realm 28 Transformation 'Vacuum Smasher'.

"Heaven Talisman 30 years …"

At that moment, within the Common People's Wish sphere, Gu Chensha suddenly retracted his magic power and formed his body once more. As for Xing Qiongshi, who was sitting below the World Tree, he still did not move at all.

During these days, Gu Chensha had been continuously infiltrating and had already seen many of Xing Qiongshi's secrets. He had benefited greatly and consolidated all of his power. He could reach the 29 Transformations at any time and comprehend the Primal Chaos Realm. Of course, Xing Qiongshi's cultivation seemed to have entered an unfathomable and wondrous realm.

"Lord Xing Qiongshi, how do you feel fighting with me these days?

You seem to be waiting to see the outcome of the battle between Chang Weiyang and Dou Yiyu, right? "Gu Chensha's voice sounded out.

"Kid, you do have some skills."

Xing Qiongshi's will rippled through the entire dimensional realm. "But now, I've completely understood the transformations of your Heavenly Dao Magic. By borrowing the power of your Heavenly Dao Magic, I've completely recovered from my injuries, and my cultivation base has reached an unprecedented level." "But this is useless."

Gu Chensha said, "Lord Xing Qiongshi, have you seen this? During these days of peace, our Calming Celestial Department has absorbed more and more Wish Power. Our population has increased and order has strengthened. But you are just one person, so how can you fight against the hearts of all living beings?"

"I can't help but admire you little fellows' way of ruling a country. Even though you are surrounded by so many giants, you are still able to control the universe and develop."

Xing Qiongshi looked at the entire dimensional world. Countless Wish Power intertwined with each other. With his vision, he could naturally see that countless commoners and officials had to swear oaths every day, shouting slogans and never forgetting their original intentions. This Wish Power was extremely rich and shined with the light of wisdom. It was completely different from blind faith.

And more importantly, there weren't many commoners who truly believed in the Common People's Will Sphere and the Calming Celestial Department. Most of them were just in awe.

This meant that the Calming Celestial Department still had a lot of potential that could be unearthed.

If the 20 billion commoners in the world all worked together, then the overall strength of the Calming Celestial Department and the richness of the world's energy would increase by dozens or even hundreds of times. At that time, perhaps Xing Qiongshi would be completely suppressed.

He also knew all of this. From his perspective, he could see countless disciples of the Calming Celestial Department being nurtured by the Common People's Will Institute. They were sent to all sorts of grassroots organizations, participating in businesses, the military, the government, arresting people, and even participating in literary conferences. There were also many methods of propaganda.

For example, there were some disciples of the Human Dragon League who worked together with the scholars to write novels, praising the deeds of the Common People's Will Institute. These stories were well received by the masses, allowing the image of the Common People's Will Institute to be imprinted into the hearts of the people. Other than that, in the education of the common people, there were also many schools that had disciples of the Human Dragon League as teachers. These teachers specialized in teaching the ideals of the Calming Celestial Department, as well as the strategies used to establish the empire. They also taught about the majesty of the Heavenly Talisman Emperor, as well as the glorious image of Gu Chensha and the others who wholeheartedly served the country and the people. At the same time, they criticized the various aristocratic families for their actions.

All sorts of operations, no matter how big or small, were used to propagate the image of the Calming Celestial Department.

If not, all the students in the schools would have to swear an oath every day. Not only that, they would also have to propagate this oath to the outside world, be it at home or among the commoners. In this way, they would be able to create an incomparably huge wave of thought. Once this wave of thought started to spread, it would take root and germinate sooner or later.

As long as there was time, in another eight to ten years, this generation of students would grow up and be deeply influenced by the ideals of the Calming Celestial Department. At that time, the Calming Celestial Department would definitely stand at the peak. Even the Dharma Saint wouldn't be able to do anything to them. This was the true trend. Any schemes and conspiracies were not worth mentioning in the face of such a general trend.

"Just a minor matter."

Gu Chensha stared fixedly at Xing Qiongshi. "Lord Xing Qiongshi, I don't think there's a need for the two of us to fight. You won't be able to refine the dimensional world of our Calming Celestial Department, and I also won't be able to pry into the core secrets of your body. The two of us should join forces. Now is the most crucial moment. If we fight, we would only be used by outsiders."

"I've said it before, we have to wait for the victor to be decided between Chang Weiyang and Dou Yiyu."

Xing Qiongshi said, "It's pointless for you to say anything else. Besides, you're incomparably cunning, so why would I believe you?

These days, I've borrowed the power of your Heavenly Dao to simulate the situation of my body merging with the Central Divine Prefecture countless times. If it weren't for the suppression of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor's restrictive magic, I would have a sixty percent chance of cultivating the Divine Prefecture Grand Art to the hundredth level. So, up until now, you two have been my greatest enemies in attaining the Dao. Do you understand? "

"Ai …" Gu Chensha sighed. "Even now, Lord Xing Qiongshi still refuses to come to his senses. I've already said that you can only gain by sacrificing something. We're not enemies, but friends. And yet, Lord Xing Qiongshi is doing something that will cause those close to you to feel pain and those who hate you to feel joy. If the three Celestial Sovereigns learn of this, they'll probably wake up laughing in their dreams."

"No matter how glib your tongue is, I won't believe you. I only believe in my own opinion. There's only one law in the world. Everything, even if it's the myriad of living beings, has to be used by me. I can't possibly sacrifice myself to save the world. Only the world can sacrifice itself to help me. At my level, how can I be swayed by your words? What a joke." Xing Qiongshi didn't seem to believe Gu Chensha anymore. The alliance between the two of them had also become a bubble.

"What a pity."

Gu Chensha shook his head. "I originally thought that Lord Xing Qiongshi had comprehended some profound mysteries. Unfortunately, Lord Xing Qiongshi is simply too powerful, and the obstacles you've placed on yourself are also enormous. It's very difficult to reverse.

Of course, this is because the onlooker sees the game more clearly. There's nothing we can do about it. "