Chapter 210
===========

rad4(); rad5(); rad(); The fleet soon traveled a thousand miles, and the coastline could not be seen at all. XsHuoTXt This was the first time Gu Chensha had truly gone out to sea, and it was a different experience.

The last time he went to the seaside was when he rescued Long Zaifei, his parents, and his two sisters from the residence of the First Prince Gu Hengsha. However, that time, he only went around the residence and did not go into the sea.

The sea and the sky were in a line, and the waves were boundless. Occasionally, huge sea beasts could be seen in the distance, and the water they sprayed was dozens of feet high. It was a magnificent sight, as if they had come to the prehistoric era.

Sometimes the sky was clear, but in the blink of an eye, thunder and lightning flashed, and heavy rain poured down. The weather was unpredictable, and it was impossible to predict what would happen in the next moment. If it was an ordinary ship, it would capsize at the slightest wind and waves.

But now, this fleet was riding the wind and waves, and even the biggest waves could be as steady as a mountain.

The Wild Shark Warship was originally the most advanced giant warship, and it was equivalent to a battle castle on the sea. Moreover, it had been refined by Gu Chensha, and many runes were added to it. As long as it accumulated enough spiritual energy, it could fly and sail on the sea like an unstoppable arrow.

The other Wind Shark Warships also gathered together and guarded around the Wild Shark Warship, forming an invincible fleet. This fleet was enough to sweep through a part of the sea. Rumble! A dark cloud flew over from the sky, and dense thunder and lightning were vibrating.

Gu Chensha observed the sky and saw the thunder on the sea. Suddenly, his mind moved, and he silently flew up from the Wild Shark Warship, straight into the clouds, and rushed into the thunder. Crackle!

In the depths of the dark cloud, thunder and lightning exploded. Even a thousand-year-old monster would be frightened and hide, not daring to come out, afraid that its demonic energy would attract the thunder and it would strike them to death. However, Gu Chensha intended to absorb the thunder and lightning for his own use.

He had comprehended the Sun and Moon Talisman, and the Sun and Moon Sacrifice contained the method to condense thunder and lightning.

The lightning of heaven and earth was extremely profound, containing the tribulations of life and death. When yin and yang energies gathered to the extreme, they would suddenly transform, producing the power of vibration.

It was rumored that when the world was in a state of primal chaos, yin and yang energies brewed within the primal chaos. The contradictions were sharp, and when they suddenly collided, they turned into world-shaking lightning that erupted endlessly. As a result, the primal chaos separated, turning into many worlds. Among all the spells, the one with the greatest attack power was the thunder spell.

Amongst the Sun and Moon Talismans were the Explosion Talisman, the Lightning Transformation Talisman, the Lightning Devour Talisman, and so on and so forth. All of them utilized lightning to transform into supreme essence and extract the most profound energy of life and death from within.

Sometimes, within the crazy thunder and lightning, the might of heaven and earth would tear apart space. Many strange substances from beyond the heavens would appear, brewing their essence.

Gu Chensha dove into the depths of the dark clouds. The lightning shook slightly, almost tearing him apart. The strong electric currents wrapped around his body, and in an instant, he was about to evaporate from the world.

Luckily, he cultivated the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique and cultivated the Sun and Moon Dragon Body. He was 100 times stronger than people of the same realm. He also had energy protecting his body, the Dragon Gate protecting his body, and armor. If not, he would have died in just one breath.

Even people who cultivated the Dao Realm Nine Transformation Glass Jade Body feared lightning like a tiger.

"Sun and Moon Lightning Swallowing, Dragon Gate Lightning Transformation!" Gu Chensha activated.

Thick bolts of lightning drilled into his body like dragons and were swallowed by the Dragon Gate. Then, all of the lightning was absorbed by the Dragon Gate.

In the depths of the Dragon Gate, the giant whirlpool scattered all of them, turning them into yin and yang energy. This energy then tangled with one another and drilled into Gu Chensha's body.

"I can borrow it." (This chapter isn't over, please flip to the next page.)

I will use this chance to use the lightning to train my body, the Sun and Moon Talisman, and the Sun and Moon Sacrifice to break through to the Dao Realm Transformation and form the Samadhi True Flame. Only then will I be able to fight against Gu Huo, who has reached the Dao Realm Ten Transformation Great Dao Golden Core. "

Gu Chensha crazily absorbed the lightning. His meridians were being activated by the Life and Death Energy, forming many runes.

"Life and Death Good Fortune, Heaven and Earth Undying, Sun and Moon Condense True, Supreme God!" Gu Chensha used the Sun and Moon Sacrifice chant to communicate with the Dao. The so-called sacrifice was to communicate.

Sun and Moon Sacrifice had methods to communicate with the Dao, the stars, and many other dimensions. There were also methods to communicate with the sun and moon. Of course, there was the Lightning Sacrifice.

Each time there was lightning, one would perform the sacrifice to communicate with the lightning and comprehend the mysteries of Yin and Yang.

The lightning was endless and Gu Chensha continued to train his body. He used the tearing energy of the lightning to widen his acupoints, meridians, and dantian energy ocean.

After an hour, the lightning in this place dissipated. Gu Chensha's face glowed with treasure light. The Sun and Moon Dragon Blood and the Sun and Moon Dragon Aura in his body were much more condensed. This hour of cultivation was almost equivalent to cultivating outside for three years. But he still didn't break through to the Samadhi True Flame.

"Cultivation is so difficult?" Gu Chensha frowned, "Do I really have to communicate with Lou Baiyue's aura to cultivate quickly?"

When he cultivated with Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha was unstoppable. He could break through all the obstacles and there were no bottlenecks. It was the same for Lou Baiyue. When the two of them cultivated, they both felt that it was tough for them to leave each other.

After this round of cultivation, although Gu Chensha's Xiantian Earth Energy didn't improve and he was unable to break through to the Samadhi True Flame, his spiritual sense grew by a lot and became much sharper.

His eyes seemed to be able to see through everything in the clouds and many existences at the bottom of the ocean. He could also sense the dangers in the darkness.

To a certain extent, his eyes were the Sun and Moon Dragon Eyes. They weren't as good as the Heaven Eye Hanging Space at the Dao Realm Transformation 15 but the difference wasn't huge. This was the amazing part of the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique.

Of course, the Heaven Eye Hanging Space had many other abilities. Not only was it good at detection, but it wasn't something that the current Gu Chensha could compare to.

"Eh?"

Just as he was about to land on the ship, the Sun and Moon Dragon Eyes seemed to see something deep at the bottom of the ocean. A demonic shadow moved but it disappeared right away like he was seeing things. But Gu Chensha didn't think that way.

He cultivated the Son of Heaven God Sealing Technique, which focused on sensing. He merged the Great Massacre God Technique and many other martial arts to create the Clumsy Fist Nine Techniques. It covered the most ignorant beings and could sense danger. In that instant, he knew that something dangerous had targeted his fleet. Sou! He landed in the cabin and gathered everyone once more.

The storm dissipated and the weather was calm once more. The entire ocean surface was like a sapphire, shining brightly and the scenery was really mesmerizing.

"Do you all sense danger?" Gu Chensha asked.

"No, it's been a peaceful journey. I've been cultivating, so I didn't feel any danger." Long Zaifei replied.

"The lightning was too strong just now, so I didn't dare to use the Heaven Eye Hanging Space and split my primordial spirit to look around." Righteous knelt down. "Should I take a closer look?" Lightning was the easiest way to destroy primordial spirits.

"There's no need. If you watch now, you'll only alert the enemy," Gu Chensha instructed. "You'll only be alerting the enemy. (This chapter isn't finished, please turn the page.) From now on, we have to be vigilant. Gather together and set up a formation. " "We have a formation to complement each other. There won't be any problems." Yu Hanlu nodded.

"That's good. Prepare for battle."

Gu Chensha did his best to retract his aura. That demonic shadow might not have discovered him in the fleet. This was an opportunity.

The fleet was tense on the inside but relaxed on the outside. They sailed on for another few hours, and it was already evening. The sun set, and the sky was filled with stars. The starlight was reflected on the surface of the ocean, giving it a different kind of feeling.

Gu Chensha looked at the starry sky and felt that the power of the stars was vast and came from the ancient times billions of years ago. Some of the stars that he could see with his naked eyes had actually fallen and died, but their light was only transmitted to his eyes after billions of years.

The last time the Heavenly Dao changed, the thousands of stars fell into the world. They weren't real stars, but a vast and boundless energy.

Gu Chensha had a deep understanding of the stars. The Great Spirit God Technique, the Chaotic World Demon Tome, and even the Dao of Buzhou all used the power of the stars. There were billions of stars in the sky, and they all had their own attributes. There were the Devil Star, the Killing Star, the Auspicious Star, the Evil Star, the Lucky Star …

However, in terms of using the power of the stars, the most famous was the Grand Preceptor Wen Hong's Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art.

The Buzhou Celestial Sphere of the Dao of Buzhou could also calculate the wonders of the stars. After Wen Hong obtained it, his Myriad Star Flying Immortal Art could improve further.

Of course, in terms of the wonders of the stars, Gu Chensha's Sun and Moon Shine Together was even more exquisite.

The Sun and Moon Talismans had many talismans related to the stars. As for the Sun and Moon Sacrifice, there were countless sacrifices to the stars. The stars were stronger and more ancient existences than gods.

Gods could only live for tens of thousands of years, while the stars could easily live for billions of years.

Observing the stars, pondering their uses, and repeatedly calculating, Gu Chensha's martial path became more refined.

At this moment, a fishy wind suddenly blew over the sea. After the wind passed, fog filled the air, and one couldn't even see their own fingers. The fleet could not sail at all, or they would lose their way.

The weather over the sea changed very mysteriously, and it was not rare for sea fog to appear. However, the sea fog at this moment was a little unusual. After the fog filled the air, the waves surged and the fleet swayed, as though the entire fleet was about to be buried in the sea. Following that, there was the sound of ghosts wailing and gods howling.

"There's a situation."

Gu Chensha opened his Sun and Moon Dragon Eyes and saw through the fog. There seemed to be many shadows of devils moving.

Apart from that, there seemed to be some extremely powerful force in the depths of the sea that was about to overturn the fleet.

"Righteousness!

You defend the ship. I'll go into the sea and stabilize the waves in this area! "A smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face as he directly entered the sea from the ship. Rumble!

The waves at the bottom of the sea could shatter any living creature in the water. All the fleet could be overturned at any time. However, the moment Gu Chensha entered the water, his body emitted intense Connate Stellar Energy. That Connate Stellar Energy instantly condensed, forming a huge ball above his head. The ball was a full acre in size.

The moment it appeared in the sea, the waves emitted by the ball actually froze the seawater within a radius of dozens of miles. This was the Sea Calming Pearl. It was one of the nine Dharma treasures on the Black Tortoise.

Gu Chensha used the Sun and Moon Transformation to circulate his Connate Stellar Energy to simulate it. Although its power was not as great as the one derived from the Black Tortoise, it was not a problem to freeze the seawater. (End of this chapter) radb1();