Chapter 936
===========

See Clearly Chapter 933: See Clearly The tables had turned.

Long Xiangtian and Liu Chansha had escaped. Peacock had been stripped of her cultivation and turned into an ordinary person. The Heavenly Court was at a disadvantage.

First, the rebellion of the Chaotic Demonic Ape had freed Zhuge Ya and allowed him to hunt down the reincarnated Celestial Lords.

Then, Lou Baiyue suppressed Peacock and extracted her Origin Energy. She fused it into her body and increased her cultivation.

After all, Peacock had obtained the mutated Origin Energy produced by the Heavenly Dao and the Heavenly Talisman Emperor.

That was why she was qualified to be with Long Xiangtian and the others. Now that the mutated Origin Energy was absorbed by Lou Baiyue, there were many benefits. Sigh …

Lou Baiyue let out a long sigh. There seemed to be a huge power in her body. The Dragonless Heart Sutra started to circulate, forming beams of light.

Inside each beam of light, there were countless treasures, pagodas, murals, flying heavens, generals, palaces, mountains, rivers, stars, chaos, all things, immortals, gods …

The Dragonless Heart Sutra could create all things in the world. It was even more powerful than the Heavenly Dao.

"Wu Dangkong, your biggest mistake was choosing the Emperor Of Heaven. Just like Peacock, I will strip you of your cultivation and turn you into an ordinary person.

That's right, your fiance, Jing Fanxing, right? We captured him and turned him into an ordinary person. But in the end, he wholeheartedly submitted to us.

Now, his cultivation has reached the Celestial Lord level. "Lou Baiyue said," Jing Fanxing, come out. " "Yes!" At this time, Jing Fanxing appeared in front of Wu Dangkong. "Dangkong, why did you do this? Now that I submitted to the Imperial Court, I know how amazing the Dragonless Heart Sutra is.

Practicing this mental cultivation method, I have almost completely recovered my strength. Moreover, I have advanced a step further, reaching a supreme and wondrous state that I have never comprehended before. The Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method is really good, really mysterious. In the sky, you should give up your identity as the concubine of the Emperor Of Heaven. For you, that identity is actually a kind of restraint. If you convert to the Imperial Court, then you can truly obtain great freedom. "

"Jing Fanxing, you piece of trash. You can't even compare to Fa Wuxian. Fa Wuxian might have been crippled, but he still refuses to submit. You, on the other hand, just suffered a small setback and you're like a dog. It seems I wasn't wrong about you. You're worse than a dog. You're the Innocuous Heavenly King. Now, it seems to me that Jing Qiu stole your Innocuous Heavenly King's Essence. That's the purest fate energy. Karma is the cycle. You're not the Innocuous Heavenly King at all. It's Jing Qiu." Wu Dangkong let out a sharp laugh.

"Ai, Wu Dangkong, you're so stubborn that I can't save you. Can't you see the reality in front of you?

That's right, the Heavenly Court will control the world in the future, but the future can be changed. If there isn't a better system or method to replace the Heavenly Court, then the Heavenly Court will be righteous. If there is, then the Heavenly Court will be unjust.

The reason why the current Gu Chensha and Gu Taxian were born is because in the depths of the hearts of all living beings, the desire to be free and unfettered, the most beautiful wish, inexplicably led to some kind of variable, and thus, the Heavenly Court is outdated.

The Heavenly Heart isn't the heart, the people's heart is the heart, and the hearts of all living beings are the heart. "

Jing Fanxing sighed again. "If you don't change your ancient way of thinking, you'll eventually be abandoned, unable to make a comeback."

"Jing Fanxing, it seems you've really been blinded by greed. You've been brainwashed by some Dragonless Heart Sutra. It seems you're definitely going to die." Wu Dangkong was about to step forward and kill Jing Fanxing.

"I know, Wu Dangkong. You're still infatuated with your own power. You joined the Imperial Court, but you didn't get any benefits. Now that you're following Emperor Of Heaven, you're doing it for your own power, to command heaven and earth.

But if the skin doesn't exist, how can the hair attach itself to it? Emperor Of Heaven will eventually be captured by Gu Chensha. "

Jing Fanxing retreated, once again hiding in the crowd of Imperial Court officials. Using his Dragonless Heart Sutra, he expanded the sacrificial ceremony.

At this time, everyone in the world saw that the Imperial Court had the upper hand. Instantly, many people with ulterior motives changed their minds. In the blink of an eye, the destiny of the nation rose again.

Creaking sounds could be heard coming from the greyspace, which seemed to be some kind of prison that wanted to trap and kill everyone.

"Not good!"

Chaotic Heavenly King blocked the attack of the Demonic Ape of Chaos and shouted, "This is the power of the greyspace that the Imperial Court has activated. They want to keep all of us here and crush us to death."

"I'm afraid the plan this time has failed. Long Xiangtian, Liu Chansha, that adulterous couple, I knew they weren't reliable, but I didn't expect them to run so fast."

The Earthly Sovereign was also extremely angry in his heart. "This adulterous couple hasn't thought it through. If we fail, it won't be easy for the imperial court to catch them. Although this boundless world is vast, how can they escape from the palm of Gu Chensha?" "Lord Sovereign of Earth, should we leave?" The Great Spirit God was already trembling with fear.

Although he had the seed of the Divine Realm, he was no match for Gu Chensha and the Imperial Court. If the Heavenly Court was defeated, he would definitely be the first to be captured by the Imperial Court. Just like the peacock and the others, he would lose all his abilities and become a normal person. He couldn't stand such a situation.

"No, let's gather together and form another formation. We can't let the Imperial Court's sacrifice succeed."

Sovereign of Earth roared. Immediately, Chaotic Heavenly King and all the reincarnated Celestial Lords of the stars gathered together. Even Zhang Ziran gathered beside Sovereign of Earth.

In an instant, they combined their powers and formed a huge shield of light to protect themselves. At the same time, they rammed into the greyspace. They wanted to destroy the entire Land of Gods and the Four Wildernesses.

"Suppress them!"

Lou Baiyue moved again. All the officials of the Imperial Court gathered together and formed a huge text. The Dragonless Mantra suppressed the people of the Heavenly Court so that they wouldn't cause trouble in the Land of Gods and the Four Wildernesses.

However, after the people of the Heavenly Court gathered together and formed a huge shield of light, the rebound force was so strong that even Lou Baiyue couldn't suppress them for a while.

"Zhang Ziran, the Imperial Court has given you countless blessings. You've made great contributions over the years. Why are you rebelling? Why are you afraid to break your own destiny?

You're destined to be the ruler of the human world, but it's just a destiny imposed on you by the Heavenly Dao. You should immediately break your destiny so that you can live freely. "

Lou Baiyue said, "I'll give you one more chance. Return to the Imperial Court immediately and perform the sacrifice with the officials. I can let bygones be bygones. The sea of bitterness has no bounds. Repent and you'll be saved."

"Lou Baiyue, you're not bad. You've actually comprehended the Dragonless Mantra. This is a supreme art that surpasses the current civilization. Unfortunately, if the Dragonless Mantra were to spread, the human world wouldn't be the human world anymore. I've already told Wen Hong that there are seven emotions and six desires, birth, old age, sickness, and death, a lifetime of pain, unbearable torment, the boundless mortal world, the taste of lead, this is the human world. Without these things, the human world wouldn't be the human world anymore. I like this kind of human world, so I can't let your Dragonless Mantra spread and destroy the future human world."

In Zhang Ziran's eyes, the future of the human world seemed to appear. Emperors, generals, ministers, virtuous, foolish, and unfilial, all sorts of people, ordinary people, all of them. This kind of human world had a different kind of taste.

"Sigh, looks like you, Zhang Ziran, are stubborn. I thought you were a promising talent, but I didn't expect you to be so stubborn." Lou Baiyue sighed.

"It's not that I'm stubborn, it's just that you don't understand. Only in this kind of human world can true immortality be born. It's like how a lotus can only be born from mud. If there's no stinky mud, there's no way for a lotus to be born. How can you not understand this? Your current Dragonless Mantra is actually a tree without roots, it can't last long." Zhang Ziran's will was unshakable.

"The heart of all living beings is immortal, it's immortal, it's immortal, it's able to surpass everything and escape from fate."

Lou Baiyue said, "What mud and lotus, it's the Dao of Yin and Yang. This Dao of Yin and Yang is a minor Dao, it's just a trick. But you didn't see through it, I don't blame you. One day, you'll understand everything."

"Master of the human world, don't talk to him anymore." The Earthly Sovereign said, "Let's tear apart the divine continent and the four wastelands first! This time, we can't let them succeed in the ceremony. "

"Demonic Ape of Chaos, you'll definitely die without a burial place." Chaotic King hated Demonic Ape of Chaos to the extreme.

"I'll be suppressed by the Emperor Of Heaven and be doomed eternally. Besides, it's hard to say who will die without a burial place now."

The Chaotic Demonic Ape's face glowed. "I've been practicing the Dragonless Mantra, and I've completely comprehended the true Way of Immortality and Immortality. Chaotic Heavenly King, in the distant future, you'll also have a tribulation. The Heavenly Court isn't immortal. Everyone has to go through tribulations, including the Heaven Sovereign. Take my tribulation for example. How did I manage to steal the Heavenly Pillar of Chaos so smoothly?

That is because the Heavenly Emperor encountered a tribulation, causing the people of the Heavenly Court to panic and have their own plans. Otherwise, with my cultivation, it would have been impossible for me to steal the Primordius Heavenly Pillar no matter what sort of fortuitous encounter I had. But, the people of the Heavenly Court could only watch on helplessly as I stole it and caused a great ruckus. In truth, they wanted me to bear the endless sins and tribulations. Finally, I was beyond redemption and turned to ash. In truth, I had withstood the tribulation for the Heavenly Court. In this situation, if I hadn't cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, it would have been impossible for me to perceive the secrets within. The Heavenly Court didn't enjoy heavenly blessings for eternity. Rather, every 129,600 years, there would be a tribulation. And after nine more eras, there would be another great tribulation. In every Original Tribulation, they'll find a scapegoat. None of you can escape. "