Chapter 1130
============

Chapter 1125: The Greater Universe

"What? We're going to fuse the Lifespan Universe into the new world? "

Qu Chen looked at Gu Xinjian with suspicion. He thought that this person was trying to trick him, but he was very afraid and didn't dare to make a move. The other party's aura was too strong, almost on par with Zhou Qin and the others.

"Don't panic. I know that you've occupied the Lifespan Universe. With the power of this universe, your cultivation can improve greatly. But did you see Lin Yixun? She still hasn't improved after obtaining a world that isn't old or new? From this, it can be seen that once you reach a certain point, you have to give up your achievements and start anew. Didn't you say that the mother nest universe, the Arcana Universe, the Taiwu Universe, and the Immemorial Universe merged to form the old world? Once the old world was formed, who knows how many Immortal Realm experts would be born. "

Gu Xinjian said, "Right now, I want to work with you to create an even greater universe that surpasses the Boundless Universe. Once this universe is born, you will all ascend. There's no suspense. "

"We also want to upgrade the current universe, but we don't have the ability. Are you confident?" Chen Qi asked.

"Of course, I'm very confident."

Gu Xinjian said, "Actually, our goals are the same. We all want to break the shackles of Gu Chensha and obtain true freedom.

Therefore, there's no need for me to trick you. Moreover, at this level, there's no point in tricking you. With your strength, there's no point in me tricking you. " "That makes sense."

Wang Dong, Qu Chen, Gu Shentong, Chen Qi, and the others weren't unhappy at all. On the contrary, they felt that Gu Xinjian was speaking the truth.

Chen Qi said, "However, there's one thing I need to know. Even the new world isn't an existence that surpasses the boundless universe. Why were you able to ascend? I need to know how you ascended. Otherwise, we won't be able to feel at ease. Moreover, your experience will tell us, and we'll have more reference value." "You can't copy my experience. I'm a special existence." Gu Xinjian smiled.

"That's not necessarily true."

Chen Qi said, "Besides, you're just saying that you want us to integrate the Longevity Universe into the new world without doing anything. How can we believe you? You should at least show us your sincerity and pay us the deposit first, how about it?

The deposit is the experience for your advancement. We will only work with you if we get the benefits. Otherwise, do you think we would be so stupid to bet our future and fate that we don't know anything about? " "That's right." Qu Chen agreed with Chen Qi.

Wang Dong and the Ancient Divine Ability also agreed. The other Undying Realm experts also nodded in agreement.

In the face of a foreign enemy, these people were united against a common enemy. They secretly gathered their strength, and some even sent their wills into the Lifeless Universe's Origin Source in an attempt to stop Gu Xinjian.

Of course, this ultimately depended on Qu Chen's opinion. This was because Qu Chen had the largest share in the Longevity Cosmos, and he also had the most authority. It was just like a company. He was the highest leader and held the authority and ownership of the company. Of course, the thirty-six Undying Realm experts here were all shareholders of the company. In terms of rules, he was on equal footing with Qu Chen.

"It's not impossible. Since that's the case, I will pass on my experience to you."

As he spoke, cracks appeared on Gu Xinjian's body. Many laws emerged from these cracks, and they gathered together to form countless balls of light. These balls of light merged with each other and finally formed an article.

There were characters and pictures in the article. It seemed to contain all life in the universe, all cultivation, all evolution, and all enlightenment.

"This article is my understanding. You can all use your divine will to read it, but I can say with certainty that you will not be able to advance according to my cultivation," Gu Xinjian said.

As expected, as soon as this article appeared, the Undying Realm experts all sent their divine will into it. Pfft …

Many people couldn't bear it when their divine will entered, and they spat out a mouthful of blood. This blood was the result of their Undying power being shaken and unable to fuse with their minds.

Only Chen Qi, Qu Chen, Wang Dong, and the Ancient Divine Ability could endure it, and they gained a lot from this article.

"So that's how it is."

Chen Qi pondered for a long time before saying, "Your advancement is so strange. You and the Old World's Will worked together to make up for each other's weaknesses. You fused all the power together, and finally evolved to the same level as Zhou Qin, with a lifespan of a hundred billion. This is something we can't learn, and we can't do. I believe you now." "If you believe me, then let's begin."

Gu Xinjian waved his hand. "I don't like to talk nonsense. If I can do it, I will do it. The new world doesn't belong to Gu Chensha now, but it contains great power. As long as we can fuse with the Undying World, we can create a huge devouring effect, and absorb both the old and the new worlds. Once we succeed, we can create a new history." "Then let's not waste time."

Qu Chen finally made the decision. He thought for a while, and suddenly opened his eyes. "We can't just sit here and wait for death." Rumble! The moment he made his decision, some kind of fate energy began to boil in the unseen world.

In the old and new worlds, as the true master, Lin Yixun suddenly felt her heart palpitate. She had been thinking hard, wanting to break through as soon as possible.

In the past hundred thousand years, her realm hadn't broken through at all, and it was even in a state of decline. Although the decline wasn't very obvious, she could still feel that the old and new worlds were expanding day by day, and there were many experts emerging. She felt a little powerless to control them.

She was the true ruler of the old and new worlds, but no matter how powerful a ruler was, there would be a moment when they would be overthrown. She could feel it from the fate.

In the old and new worlds, there were Zhang Xuangong, Tang Chuan, Zhou Yang, Wei Jia, and others. These people were with her when they plotted against the Fourth, Gu Huasha, and successfully turned the Fourth, Gu Huasha's formation into the old and new worlds.

Zhou Yang was the system created by Gu Chensha, and fused with the system created by the will of the old world. In the end, he cultivated to the Undying Realm, and created the central plains universe.

Wei Jia was Zhou Yang's nemesis, created by the unyielding will of the people of the central plains universe. Later, he received the help of the Emperor Of Heaven Pill. In the end, he stood at the peak, and also reached the Undying Realm.

Zhang Xuangong and Tang Chuan were the main characters of the new worlds, and they were very powerful. As for Lin Yixun and others, they were the Undying Realm experts born in the new worlds.

Lin Yixun wasn't outstanding in front of these people, but she was good at grasping opportunities. When the Fourth, Gu Huasha, died, she grasped his weakness, and obtained the Undying Realm cultivation. However, this opportunity couldn't let her be strong forever, so she was now going downhill. Rumble!

At this moment, the old and new worlds suddenly shook, and a huge aura seemed to seep into the world's origin, gaining its recognition.

"Someone else has reached the Invincible Imperishable level in this universe?"

Lin Yixun's eyes were sharp. She knew that in this universe that wasn't the old or the new world, as long as someone reached the Supreme Immortal Realm, her fate would be divided. It could even be a threat to her. However, she couldn't do anything about it. She couldn't stop the birth of a Supreme Immortal Realm expert.

Although she was the master of the old and new worlds, she gradually couldn't control the origin of the universe. This was something that complemented each other, and also counteracted each other.

For example, Gu Chensha was the creator of the new world, but as things developed, the new world grew stronger, and the will of the new world gradually broke away from his control, and it even nurtured experts everywhere to go against him. In the end, Gu Chensha didn't want to manage the new world, and let nature take its course. Of course, this was Gu Chensha's strategy. Not only did he not suppress the birth of experts, he even intentionally or unintentionally nurtured experts to go against him. Many of the experts were nurtured by him. But Lin Yixun didn't have the same height as Gu Chensha.

"Master of the old and new worlds." Sou!

Someone entered the hall. It was Tang Chuan. After he entered, he said, "In our universe, another person reached the Undying Realm, but this person seems to have a grudge against you. Let's discuss, should we kill this person? "

"I didn't expect such a small character to grow to such a level. I really underestimated him. Is he someone the origin of the old and new worlds dotes on?" Lin Yixun said.

Her finger moved, and a person appeared in front of her. It was a young man with a slight smile on his face. This young man was very cold, and his clothes fluttered in the wind, as if everyone in the world lacked his money. That disdainful expression would make anyone who saw it feel uncomfortable. This youth was the one who had just reached the Undying Realm.

Lin Yixun knew about this grudge very well. It turned out that she was the master of the entire Old and New Worlds, and her status was extremely high. She also had many subordinates and disciples. Her disciples established their own sects and spread them down. After countless generations, they established a sect called the "Sacred Palace". The Sacred Palace only accepted female disciples.

Coincidentally, the girl that the youth liked was taken in by the Saint Palace, and became a saintess. The youth naturally went to find her, but he was humiliated and almost lost his life. Thus, the youth started his fortuitous encounter, and continuously cultivated, grew, and challenged the Saint Palace. He fought his way up, and who knew how many Saint Palace disciples he had killed. Remember the mobile website: M.