Chapter 1089
============

Wei Jia The Nine Profound Cosmos, no, the current Central Plains Cosmos, underwent a large-scale renovation.

"Zhou Yang is quite powerful." Gu Chensha was still observing in secret. He nodded.

Zhou Yang divided the entire Central Plains Universe into many universes. Each universe contained many dimensions, and each dimension contained many galaxies. Within the galaxies, there were many planets, and on the planets, there were many continents, and on the continents, there were many countries. In fact, these countries all believed in Zhou Yang.

The Nine Profound Dynasty that Zhou Yang controlled had become a God Dynasty. He didn't want to directly control the situation. He wanted to be like the Heavenly Court, high above and controlling the laws.

Many powers fought with each other, but they all had to believe in Zhou Yang in order to gain his support.

Zhou Yang was purposely making the various powers of the Central Plains Cosmos fight each other. Only then would they be able to develop. If there was no competition, then there would be no future for them to develop. Only through competition and all sorts of wars would one's thoughts and ideas burst forth. Only then would the potential in one's heart burst forth.

Actually, this was also Gu Dusha's method. Gu Dusha had caused the multivariate universe to be filled with chaos and strife. As expected, many experts had risen to prominence. If he had come to rule the entire universe, it was likely that the universe would not have developed so quickly.

Under Zhou Yang's instigation, the entire Central Plains Universe underwent an earth-shattering change. Time passed quickly. On Planet Azure, many incredible things were happening.

First, many space-time wormholes appeared in many places on Planet Azure. Many demons, powerful beings, giants, and even wild beasts came out of these wormholes. They continuously attacked the cities, causing the rulers and armies of the cities to be extremely busy dealing with them. At the same time, the entire planet started to mutate, as if it had come to life. It continuously devoured other planets to strengthen itself. The surface of the planet continued to expand, bringing about countless natural disasters. There were earthquakes and volcanic eruptions. The continents became oceans, and the islands in the oceans became continents.

Moreover, during the devouring process, the entire planet released waves of dense Life Energy, causing many people to awaken and obtain strange powers. Of course, there were also many people who could not withstand the power during the awakening process and became walking corpses, killing and eating people everywhere. They were the so-called Zombies. All in all, Planet Azure became a hunting ground, a land of chaos.

Wei Jia, who had obtained the Emperor Of Heaven Pill, was like a fish in water. His cultivation rose. However, he wasn't happy.

"Damn it, why?

Why did that Zhang Tianhao also have a fortuitous encounter? I defeated him a few times, but he didn't die. Every time, he would have a fortuitous encounter and come back. He is like an unkillable cockroach. "

At this time, Wei Jia was standing on top of a tall building in the city. The building was broken, as if it had been heavily attacked. The city was also a wasteland, with many zombies wandering around. There were also many stray dogs and stray xenogeneics. In addition, in the east, west, north, and south of the city, as well as in the center, there were large space-time wormholes. From time to time, strange things would fly out of them.

"Zhang Tianhao also has a huge amount of fate energy. You won't be able to kill him for the time being." The Emperor Of Heaven was in Wei Jia's hand. (If this chapter is not finished, please turn the page.)