Chapter 509
===========

The Three Realm Seal was a divine weapon that did not lose out to the Buzhou Palace. It contained massive energy and extraordinary effects. The seal's function was to pass through the Three Realms, break through the spacetime barrier, and suppress demons. It was modeled after the Emperor's Jade Seal, and for a period of time, the ancient Emperor had used this seal to issue other edicts. The Three Realm Seal was like the Imperial Jade Seal.

The Legalists collected this seal because it circulated the ancient laws, and it had great benefits in suppressing all Dharma Realms. However, Gu Chensha took advantage of the chaos to collect it, which resulted in great losses.

After the Tree of Wishes completely absorbed the seal, it condensed into a god-like fruit. Zhuge Ya nodded to himself and observed the operation of the sphere. He felt that the energy required for the sphere to pass through the void or tear through space was greatly reduced.

Any grotto-heaven level magic treasure needed to pass through the spacetime turbulence and tear through space. The Three Realm Seal was a magic treasure that could pass through the Three Realms and control spacetime.

When this treasure fused with the sphere, the sphere could open a teleportation door and hide in the depths of spacetime. It could instantly jump through many spacetimes and endure spacetime turbulence and storms. It was like a fish in water. Such an effect was like coal in winter for the Calming Deity Bureau.

"Once this seal is fused, normal God-level experts won't even be able to grab the sphere, let alone destroy it. The speed at which the sphere jumps through space is much faster than God-level experts. As expected of the Three Realm Seal. "

Zhuge Ya suddenly guided it, and as the sphere wriggled, it absorbed a lot of spacetime power from the spacetime turbulence and rushed into the Tree of Wishes.

The Tree of Wishes' leaves fluttered as it started to refine the Ancient Thunderclap Temple and the Little Muni Buddhist Pagoda.

These two ultimate Buddhist treasures were incredibly powerful, and they contained worlds within them. They had the power to create and destroy things.

The Ancient Thunderclap Temple's effects were to suppress and attack, while the Little Muni Buddhist Pagoda's effects were to protect and carry. Kacha kacha …

Under the pressure, the two Buddhist treasures broke down into the most primitive Buddhist runes. After being completely absorbed by the Tree of Wishes, they condensed into small similar fruits.

At this moment, the Life's Wish sphere's defense, tearing, suppressive, and internal space were all expanded.

"Time and space as one, heaven and earth as one."

Zhuge Ya activated the secret art, and the roots of the Tree of Wishes completely fused with the sphere's greyspace. "Excellent. All of the magic treasure cores are fusing further. As long as I can fuse all of them into one, given time, it will definitely not be inferior to any magical realm of the school of Legalism." Then, with a flip of his palm, many sets of armors appeared, and a ferocious aura surged. These were the 360 sets of Divine Land's Ferocious Armor. There was also a set of Divine Land's Ten Villains Armor.

This was what Gu Chensha had obtained from the Sun and Moon Division through Qin Han. The Fourth Gu Huasha had exchanged for it and sent it into the sphere to observe the armor and discover some of the secrets of the Xing Qiong Clan's Divine Continent Great Technique.

"Absorb!" He made a hand seal and let the Tree of Desire absorb the armors.

Bzzt bzzt bzzt bzzt bzzt … The Malevolent Qi overflowed, trying to get rid of it. Unfortunately, the power of the Tree of Desire and the sphere was limitless and exquisite, especially at the top of the sphere. There was a gold medal hanging there, and none of the Malevolent Qi dared to offend the gold medal. Gradually, the armors were all absorbed. A lot of information flowed into Zhuge Ya's mind. Of course, this information was also transmitted into the depths of Gu Chensha's mind.

In the "Small Divine Continent" above the ocean, Gu Chensha was circulating his cultivation, refining his magic power and comprehending his realm. He was trying to resist the powerful Heavenly Dao's Call like the Dharma Saint. Recently, he had also gained some insights, and he circulated all kinds of techniques with exquisite ease.

Suddenly, he felt the Azure Dragon Tower that he had created tremble, and the connection between it and the Life's Wish Sphere became closer. He immediately knew that the Tree of Desire had completely absorbed the Three Realms Seal. Ancient Thunderclap Temple, Little Muni Pagoda.

"Because the Maha Ring was forged from God Maha's bones, it will probably take some time to completely digest it."

The sphere itself carried his will, and he had the highest control over the sphere. Every movement of the sphere was reflected in his mind. This was especially so after he cultivated the Heavenly Dao Technique.

He sat in the Azure Biochemical Dragon Pagoda and continued to refine the pagoda into a powerful magic treasure.

"The Divine Continent Ominous Armor and the Divine Continent Ten Ominous Armor do indeed contain the miraculous effects of the Xing Qiong Clan's self-created Divine Continent Grand Technique. However, my peeping is only a hair from nine oxen. The Divine Continent Grand Technique is extremely exquisite, and it's fine for me to peep into it.

My understanding of the Divine Continent has deepened. Since that's the case, Dragon Nurturing Mantra, Dragon Creation Mantra! "

Gu Chensha circulated these two mantras, and immediately, a large amount of Dragon Nurturing Qi and Dragon Creation Qi were formed.

These two types of qi, which seemed to contain endless secrets, seeped into the Azure Dragon Tower, making it even more worthy of its name. Furthermore, it gradually seeped into the ground, changing the mountain veins underground, causing the Earth Qi of this Small Divine Continent to become denser, and it could also nurture more underwater life. In time, this Small Divine Continent might become the center of the ocean. This was also a preparation to capture the Peerless Heavenly Tome.

Beneath the Small Divine Continent, there were many formations faintly gathered. These formations absorbed Spiritual Qi, Immortal Qi, the power of the stars, and the energy from the various dimensions. Gradually, they gathered into a ball, and within the ninety-nine prefectures of the Small Divine Continent, there were ninety-nine Dragon Veins. Whoosh! Jin Suibo entered the Azure Dragon Tower.

"What? You sensed the Peerless Heavenly Tome? "Gu Chensha asked.

"This subordinate feels that the Peerless Heavenly Tome is about to appear, and its target is this subordinate. This subordinate once signed a contract with the Peerless Heavenly Tome, and obtained the Five Star profound. But now, I've devoured the Five Star profound and fused it into my Yuan Shen. This is equivalent to betraying the Peerless Heavenly Tome, and the book will definitely not let me go."

Jin Suibo said, "These days, I condensed this Small Divine Continent according to King's plan, and infused my aura into the depths of the earth veins. Unknowingly, the Peerless Heavenly Tome sensed it, and it became tempted."

"That's right. The Peerless Heavenly Tome itself is greatly damaged, and it is difficult to recover. You contain the Five Star profound, and it is the best tonic to recover its Yuan Shen. Now, if the Peerless Heavenly Tome devours you, it will also obtain a great supplement."

Gu Chensha was very perceptive, "You have long sensed the Peerless Heavenly Tome's spying on you, so it asked me to set up in advance. Now, it is almost done.

The Small Divine Continent we set up has already formed a small scale, and it is becoming more and more attractive to the Peerless Heavenly Tome. If the book devours you, and then covers this Small Divine Continent, using the Small Divine Continent's formation, it will quickly recover. " "King, my spiritual sense is becoming more and more dangerous."

Jin Suibo's expression was solemn, "These days of planning, with each passing day, I feel that the Peerless Heavenly Tome's killing intent towards me is becoming stronger, and it will attack me at any time." "That's exactly the effect I want."

Gu Chensha smiled. "Now, I'll pour oil on the fire for you. The Five Star Mysteries in your Nascent Divinity don't belong to you. They were stolen from you, so you can't fuse them together. That's why your Nascent Divinity isn't perfect. My Heavenly Dao cultivation base can make up for this. With the power of the Heavenly Dao, you'll be the true reincarnation of the Lord of Five Stars! That way, the Peerless Heavenly Tome will have no choice but to act. "

"The Peerless Heavenly Tome is extremely powerful," Jin Suibo said. "I'm afraid it's no weaker than a true god. Furthermore, its Yuan Shen is extremely intelligent, and its plans are flawless. My safety isn't important, but Your Highness is responsible for the rise and fall of the world. You can't act rashly." "Don't worry. If I didn't have absolute confidence, why would I set up this trap?

Establishing a Small Divine Province, integrating the mystical sects of the Immortal Dao, and conducting military training are killing two birds with one stone. "

Gu Chensha had Jin Suibo sit down cross-legged. "Just as well, I can help you raise your cultivation. Moreover, even at its peak, the Peerless Heavenly Scripture cannot compare to the Life's Wish sphere.

In essence, the Peerless Heavenly Scripture is actually an existence of the same level as the Buzhou Palace, the Three Realms Seal, the Little Muni Buddhist Pagoda, and the Minor Thunderclap Temple. It's just that the Peerless Heavenly Sect had a few God-level experts overseeing it back then, and they were able to activate the Peerless Heavenly Scripture's greatest power. "

Although they were all treasures, the Three Realms Seal, Buzhou Palace, Little Moni Buddhist Pagoda, and Minor Thunderclap Temple were not able to unleash their full power in the Tranquil Immortal Department. This was because there were no Deity level experts to control them. For example, when the Bu Zhou Palace was in Wen Hong's hands, it was definitely different. But in the hands of Fairy Jing, she could only display less than a thousandth of its power. It was the same for the All Mammoth Shattering Stick. These divine treasures could only be activated with the power of a Deity level expert's world.

If anyone in the Tranquil Immortal Department had ascended to the Deity level, then the situation would have been completely different. They would have had the ability to resist the Profound Immortal Dao Sects and the various aristocratic families.

Unfortunately, the powerhouses of the Tranquil Immortal Department were still far from reaching the Deity level. Hum ….

Gu Chensha waited for Jin Suibo to sit down, then activated his Heavenly Dao Magic. A wave of pure power exploded forth, pouring into Jin Suibo's body.

Instantly, the Profound Mysteries of five stars appeared within Jin Suibo's body. They hadn't completely melted yet.

But under the assault of the Heavenly Dao Magic, the Profound Mysteries of the five stars began to crumble. Even after Jin Suibo died, they couldn't return to the stars themselves. This was a complete fusion, leaving no traces behind.

Even after the Lord of Seven Stars died, the Profound Mysteries of the Seven Stars would return. This was the law of the Heavenly Dao, but Gu Chensha could break it.

As the Heavenly Dao Magic washed over him, Jin Suibo repeatedly activated his own Profound Mysteries. Instantly, his magic power became incomparably refined, transforming into spheres of bright light that illuminated his surroundings.

All of his life's efforts were revealed in the light. Everything about the Everlasting Celestial Sect was displayed in it. Many secrets of the Peerless Heaven Scripture were inextricably linked to each other according to the marks on his body. On his body, the Peerless Heavenly Tome had left a mark that was similar to a curse.