Chapter 639
===========

This power had been left behind by Wan Senshi to prevent Jing Fanxing from being killed or used by others. In the end, Gu Chensha and Immortal Master Wan clashed.

"Buddha's Suppression, Paramita Golden Mountain."

At this time, Gu Chensha galvanized the power of his dimensional realm and linked up with the endless space and time. Through the Buddha statue of the Human-Dragon Association, the Release Bow, and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows, he was able to sense the Paramita Golden Mountain in the depths of space and time.

The Paramita Golden Mountain was the headquarters of the Buddhist Sect. Even though the Buddha was dead, there were definitely many big shots of the Buddhist Sect still there. The Buddhist Sect's arrangements were still very powerful and deep. This time, Gu Chensha wanted to use the Buddhist Sect to deal with Wan Senshi again.

His will spread out, "Big shots of the ancient Buddhist Sect, I have found a good believer for you. It is Jing Fanxing. Not only does he have Fate, but he also has the potential to become a Saint. He also controls the huge Holy Sama Empire. If you really convert him, you can spread the faith of the Buddhist Sect in the desert and the Buddhist Sect can return to the world.

This is a very profitable thing. Practice with me and suppress Wan Senshi. I believe that with the power of the Buddhist Sect working together with me, we can definitely destroy the chess piece that is Wan Senshi … " Gu Chensha was negotiating with the Buddhist Sect.

Jing Fanxing was an important person to the Buddhist Sect. If the Buddhist Sect could obtain him, they could immediately make the Holy Sama Empire believe in the Buddhist Sect. In the blink of an eye, it would become a Buddhist Kingdom, and they would receive a large amount of faith power.

That way, the development of the Buddhist Sect would be equivalent to establishing a foundation in the Land of Infinity. More importantly, Jing Fanxing was a natural Saint.

Gu Chensha did not want to use his own power to deal with Wan Senshi, so he had to use the Buddhist Sect.

More importantly, the Release Bow and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows were the ultimate treasures of the Buddhist Sect. They were the origin of the Buddhist Sect, and the power of the Buddhist Sect could be used as a medium to unleash the greatest effect. As expected, after obtaining Gu Chensha's will, the Buddhist Sect was inexplicably moved.

A golden light pierced through the endless world and the void, descending on the Release Bow and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows. It turned into a huge Buddhist light that actually suppressed the power that Wan Senshi had exploded out. The Buddhist Sect clearly wanted to obtain Jing Fanxing and make him their believer. The Buddhist Sect clearly wanted to obtain Jing Fanxing and make him their believer.

He believed that the Buddhist Sect would definitely not be able to resist this temptation. Jing Fanxing had already been promoted to have the potential of a Saint. The Buddhist Sect needed such a talent, and Jing Qiu had set up in the desert of the Holy Sama Empire for many years. It was far away from the Middle-earth, and it was just the right place to develop the country and civilization of the Buddhist Sect. What Gu Chensha needed was to destroy Immortal Master Wan's chess piece.

No matter how strong Wan Senshi was, if he wanted to deal with the mysterious Buddhist Sect and the medium-class world that Gu Chensha had activated, it would not be easy.

Perhaps Wan Senshi had more power, but it was not worth it to fight the Buddhist Sect and the Department of Tranquility over a small chess piece like Jing Fanxing. Moreover, Wan Senshi's main focus was probably on scheming against the Dharma Saint. Gu Chensha seized this opportunity to catch Wan Senshi off guard.

This was where Gu Chensha's brilliance came from. As the saying went, he could drive the tiger to devour the wolf. He used all kinds of strategies to perfection.

"Absorb, devour!"

Just as the Buddhist Sect's power suppressed Wan Senshi's, Gu Chensha had already targeted the dao seeking painting on Jing Fanxing. He activated the power of the medium-class world and swept it through the air. The dao seeking painting was wrapped up by his power and sent into the medium-class world.

Then, the vast power of the medium-class world rushed into the dao seeking painting. In an instant, Gu Chensha understood one of the supreme mysteries of the painting.

This painting was not a connate numinous treasure, but one that Wan Senshi had refined himself. The most valuable part was the World Tree. The World Tree was an imitation of the Primordial Tree, and Wan Senshi's understanding of the Primordial Tree had been integrated into it. This kind of knowledge was even more nourishing to Gu Chensha.

"So that's how it is, that's how it is!"

In an instant, Gu Chensha had already obtained the refinement method of the World Tree and Wan Senshi's philosophy. "So this is how Wan Senshi views the Primordial Tree. He is observing it from a completely different angle. This person is truly an invincible existence. His understanding is so profound that it makes my understanding of the Wish Tree completely different. Absorb, transform!" He laughed heartily. The Wish Tree absorbed the World Tree and the dao seeking painting.

Gu Chensha quickly calculated in his heart. Change. He started to transform his own strength once more.

"Ten Thousand Destruction!" After the Wish Tree absorbed the dao seeking painting and the World Tree, it changed once more.

"Wish Tree, turn into the World Tree!"

Gu Dusha roared out loud. The tree expanded once more and the God of Wishes above it evolved again and again. Waves of strength spread into the dimensional realm, causing many materials and spatial faults to appear within the dimensional realm. Not only were the changes more abundant, but the strength within was also purified by a great deal. Kill!

As the dimensional realm's Tree of Hope transformed into a true World Tree, Gu Chensha's cultivation rapidly changed and rose again and again. The dao he perceived was simply incomparable to before.

Immediately, he comprehended the 26 Transformations of the Dao Realm, 10,000 Techniques Return to One.

All of the cultivation techniques, principles, and various other comprehensions were gathered together, seemingly turning into a single 'one', the one true self.

Under the powerful pressure of the medium-class world, the Ten Thousand Destruction Rod shattered. It fused into Gu Chensha's body and became one with him.

At this moment, because of the Wish Tree's transformation, the dimensional world turned into the World Tree. Its essence energy was stable and it revolved nimbly. It provided Gu Chensha with a huge amount of power. Let alone the Ten Thousand Destruction Rod, even if the God of Strength came, he would be turned to dust.

"Inject!"

At this moment, his cultivation level had increased and he had obtained what he wanted. He activated the medium-class world and injected it into the Release Bow and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows.

Immediately, the bow and arrow shone brightly. It combined with the power of the Buddhist Sect and suppressed Wan Senshi's power. Then, Gu Chensha swept and absorbed Wan Senshi's power into the medium-class world.

At this moment, a Buddhist light shone from Jing Fanxing's body. It was as if he had truly comprehended the mysteries of the Buddhist Sect and had become a member of the Buddhist Sect.

"Not bad, not bad."

Gu Chensha knew that he had to leave Jing Fanxing to the Buddhist Sect. This was also part of his plan with the Buddhist Sect. It was impossible not to give Jing Fanxing some benefits.

Now, the Buddhist Sect could rely on Jing Fanxing's management to turn the Holy Samar Empire into a Buddhist Kingdom.

As for Jing Qiu, no matter how strong he was, he was not strong enough to compete with a colossus like the Buddhist Sect. Naturally, Jing Fanxing would take all the fruits of his labor. With the Buddhist Sect supporting Jing Fanxing, what would he be able to do in the desert? Gu Chensha was looking forward to it. Rumble!

Gu Chensha put away the Release Bow and the Constant and Impermanence Arrows. He found that he still could not refine them. With the input of the Buddhist Sect, the bow and arrow seemed to have recovered its strength. Moreover, there was still a great deal of room for growth.

He put it back into his body, and with a move of his body, he left. Jing Fanxing's matter was left to the Buddhist Sect to handle. Immortal Master Wan had probably sensed the situation, and who knew what countermeasures he would come up with.

At this moment, in the Common People's Wish sphere, Chang Weiyang, Tai Xuandu, Ji Qingwu, Wen Hong, and Zhuge Ya were all within it.

They sat under the Tree of Wishes and watched as the huge Tree of Wishes began to change. Majestic wills seeped into it. The Tree of Wishes devoured the Path Seeking Picture, and the small World Tree within was refined. Then, the Tree of Wishes turned into a true World Tree.

Then, another ball of energy flew in. That was the energy that Wan Senshi had left in Jing Fanxing's body. It was wrapped up and seemed unwilling to give up. Instead, it wanted to corrode and refine the World Tree and the medium dimension.

"Let's work together and suppress Wan Senshi. From this ball of energy, we can obtain many secrets and information about Wan Senshi." Zhuge Ya's eyes flashed. The few magnates immediately started their cultivation.

Wan Senshi wanted to use this ball of energy to plunder a medium dimension. That was wishful thinking. Far away, in the turbulence of time and space.

Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master were sitting. Between them, a storm was brewing. This storm was to be used against the Dharma Saint. Suddenly, Wan Senshi opened his eyes.

"What? Was the pawn you laid out destroyed by that brat Gu Chensha? "

The Immortal Master calculated, and everything was within his grasp. He could not help but nod. His eyes were filled with surprise. "Good move, good move. He actually joined forces with the Buddhist Sect to reap the benefits. Your pawn was even stolen by the Buddhist Sect.

Your Dao Seeking Diagram and the essence of the Minor World Tree were all refined by him. He became familiar with your cultivation base and techniques, and even strengthened his dimensional realm. In this exchange of blows, you've lost just a little bit. " "That's not necessarily true."

Wan Senshi's tone was very calm. "These little fellows are very greedy. They actually want to absorb my energy. This is the condensation of my own essence. If they absorb it, it is tantamount to leaving behind a hidden danger. In the future, sooner or later, I will take their medium dimension. This is all within my calculations."