Chapter 905
===========

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha had actually comprehended his own path and unique skill. Moreover, this path really contained a supreme principle that surpassed heaven and earth. He could even burn his own fate, future, and destiny to reach an endless level. Such a path could not be compared to the Dragonless Cultivation Method, but it could be considered a branch of the Dragonless Cultivation Method.

Seeing Gu Xuansha's path, Gu Chensha was a bit impressed, but it did not mean that he would let Gu Xuansha go.

While the Crown Prince, Gu Xuansha, burned his Qi and surged up, Gu Chensha sat down and operated the Dragonless Cultivation Method. "Fine, Gu Xuansha. I'll show you what true nothingness is. The Dao of nothingness isn't like you. You've only comprehended a little bit. For me, it's just a small principle. Suppress!"

As the Dragonless Cultivation Method swayed, it spread out. Words and knowledge created the universe, and then all things were born. All things grew and reincarnated, creating civilizations. In the calculation of civilizations, all kinds of civilizations were born in the Dragonless Cultivation Method. Vaguely, in the long river of the Dragonless Cultivation Method, there were not only immortal civilizations, martial arts civilizations, technological and mechanical civilizations, but also other civilizations that had never been born before.

In the calculation of Gu Chensha's Dragonless Cultivation Method, new civilizations could be born. Of course, these civilizations might not be the best, and they might not be able to surpass immortal civilizations and mechanical civilizations. However, this was a completely new attempt. In the calculation and deduction of civilizations, Gu Chensha could create a perfect, flawless, and possibly eternal civilization. This kind of civilization could break the shackles of time and lead people to an immortal future.

This was the highest secret of Gu Chensha's Dragonless Cultivation Method. It was definitely not something that any cultivation method could compare with. Countless civilizations were born, developed, flourished, declined, and came to an end. Then, new civilizations were born again, and they went through reincarnation.

In an instant, Gu Chensha's Dragonless Cultivation Method calculated a civilization that was close to perfect.

This civilization was vague, hazy, and unclear. It was not born in the end. However, even if this civilization was like a cloud of mist, like looking at flowers in the mist, it still gave birth to great power.

This mysterious civilization infiltrated it and suppressed all the counterattacks in an instant. The power of the Crown Prince's Gu Xuansha was gradually suppressed. Then, Gu Chensha grabbed the battleship and the system, completely separating it from the Ancient Xuansha. From then on, the Ancient Xuansha could no longer have the battleship and system left behind by the prehistoric civilization.

However, the power transmitted from the battleship and the system was extremely great, as if it was resisting Gu Chensha.

Of course, Gu Chensha knew that the core instincts of the system of the One God hadn't been fully refined by the primordial black sand. It was still building up power to fight back. However, now that the system was in his hands, it was going to die beyond the shadow of a doubt. Gu Chensha wouldn't resurrect the system of the One God. He would destroy its spirit and will, then assimilate it into his Dragon-Less Gourd. That way, the Dragon-Less Gourd would become the most powerful treasure in all of history, even more powerful than the Emperor Of Heaven. 'You want to resist me?

That's impossible. I can only use twenty to thirty percent of its power, but the system and the battleship aren't even one ten-thousandth of what they used to be. They only have their essence core. How could they possibly fight me? 'Gu Chensha could clearly sense the power and will of the system.

The battleship and systems struggled, but Gu Dusha's Dragonless Heart Sutra was so profound that it surpassed countless eras and civilizations. The systems of the One God and the battleship were nothing more than the crystallization of technology from prehistoric civilizations, and were clearly inferior to the Dragonless Heart Sutra. That was why Gu Chensha had the system and the battleship under his control.

Of course, it would take a long time to fully assimilate the system and the battleship. Right now, all Gu Chensha could do was suppress the battleship and keep the system and the battleship at bay.

Slowly, the battleship and the system of the One God were suppressed by Gu Chensha. Then, they were sucked into the Dragonless Cultivation Method. From an outsider's point of view, the Dragonless Cultivation Method looked like a battleship. Normally speaking, all magical treasures, techniques, and power that entered the Dragonless Cultivation Method would become knowledge and text. But now, the battleship wasn't being melted down, but rather, it was being bound down.

Thinking about it, the system and the battleship could not be destroyed during the Heaven-Dao Shattering. The fact that they still existed meant that they contained a very high level of deathlessness. The power of the Ancient Dust Sands could suppress the battleship and the system, but it was still not enough to completely refine them. When he returned, he would have to slowly use the materials he had extracted from the human heart to melt the battleship and seep into the system. Only then would he be able to disintegrate the system and fuse it with the Dragonless Gourd.

"You and I are irreconcilable enemies, Gu Chensha!"

Seeing that he had lost the battleship and the system, Crown Prince Gu Xuansha felt like he was going crazy. He had lost all hope and opportunity.

Crown Prince Gu Xuansha had relied on the battleship and the system, and now that he had lost them, his cultivation base would plummet, and his vital energy would be drained away.

"Essence, give it to me!"

Gu Chensha said, taking aim at the essence of the Lord of the Sun and Moon, as well as the essence left behind by Gu Taxian and the dao of heaven.

Essence was much easier to assimilate than the battleship and the system. As long as Gu Chensha could refine them, he would gain more power, and then he could refine the divine continent and the Four Wilds.

However, at this instant, a sudden change occurred. A bright moon and a great sun appeared. Within the bright moon and the great sun, two silhouettes could be seen. In the great sun was Long Xiangtian, and in the bright moon was a woman. This woman was delicate and pretty, but her eyes were filled with hatred towards Gu Chensha. She joined forces with Long Xiangtian, causing the energy of the sun and moon to increase tremendously. Other than that, the aura of this woman was the same as Gu Chensha. Her origin was formed from the entanglement of the Heavenly Dao and Gu Chensha's Ancient Immortal Treading.

The blazing sun in the sky disappeared and fell into Long Xiangtian's hands. The bright moon also disappeared and disappeared. Now, it seemed that the situation was clear. The moon fell into the hands of this woman. Of course, Gu Chensha didn't know who this woman was.

If the woman was alone, she wouldn't be a threat to Gu Chensha. But with Long Xiangtian, the two of them worked together. One man, one woman, one sun, and one moon. Their power wasn't as simple as one plus one. It was like the transformation of Yin and Yang, creating divine lightning.

At the instant they appeared, the essences of the Lord of the Sun and Moon squirmed, as if they had received a great suction force. With a whoosh, the essences of the Lord of the Sun and Moon were split into two balls, which were absorbed into their bodies. Buzz …

In the blink of an eye, both Long Xiangtian's cultivation base and the young woman's cultivation base were vastly more powerful than before. The sun and moon fluctuated in and out of existence, contracting and trembling, and unleashing attacks that had a huge impact on Gu Dusha.

"Gu Chensha, you didn't expect that my fortuitous encounter is still here. Sister Liu and I are working together. Our essence is strong, the Sun and Moon are working together, and we have refined the will of the Heaven World. Our cultivation base is about to recover. Essence, give it to me! "

Long Xiangtian was in high spirits. He and the woman called Sister Liu used some kind of secret technique at the same time. Immediately, the ancient Heavenly Sand's essence flew towards them.

Gu Chensha frowned. He was just about to activate an even more formidable secret technique when he vaguely sensed an extremely strong threat staring at him. This threat was sufficient to cause harm to him.

"Emperor Of Heaven?"

Just like that, the ancient Heavenly Sand's essence was taken by Long Xiangtian and the woman called Sister Liu.

"Gu Chensha is really powerful. This time, if you didn't use some of your strength to suppress the Four Wilds, then use some of your strength to form the Sun and Moon, then use some of your strength to suppress the Prehistoric Civilization's battleship and system, and then use some of your strength to defend against Emperor Of Heaven's sneak attack, we wouldn't have been able to take the Lord of the Sun and Moon's essence."

The woman called "Sister Liu" let out such a voice in the bright moon, but her figure could not be seen clearly.

"Another variable has been born."

Gu Chensha knew that he had overestimated. These newly born existences had too much luck. Plus, with the Emperor Of Heaven restraining them, he couldn't completely suppress the world. "But now that you've fallen into the Emperor Of Heaven's control, there's a high chance that you'll be killed by the Emperor Of Heaven in the future. Don't you understand your situation?"

"You don't have to worry about us, Gu Chensha. You should worry about yourself. I'll definitely take revenge on you. I'll kill everyone around you, destroy your country, and destroy everything you have. Although you've obtained the warship and system of the prehistoric civilization, it'll definitely be extremely difficult to refine them. Instead, it'll lower your strength," Gu Chensha said coldly as he looked at Gu Chensha.

The woman called Sister Liu said, "But if you use your full strength, I don't think the Emperor Of Heaven will be your opponent.

You're really too terrifying, but you have to remember, the future doesn't belong to you. In the future, more and more people like us will be born. In the end, the strongest existence will be born to suppress you. " "That's right, people like you will be born one after another."

Gu Chensha continued, "But in the end, all of you will end up killing each other. It's like breeding bugs. In the end, only one will be left, and that will be the strongest. The strongest will possess the combined power of the Heavenly Dao and the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. Long Xiangtian, you and this Sister Liu will also kill each other, don't you care? "