Chapter 356
===========

"Then, let me ask you, how are we going to capture Jing Fanxing and punish him for his crimes?"

Gu Chensha stood with his arms behind his back, "I don't believe that the Jing Family doesn't know anything about this. Han Wuqin, what do you think?"

"King, should I write a memorial and report it to the Imperial Court so that they can discuss and deal with this matter?" Han Wuqin probed.

"What do you think?" Gu Chensha smiled and it increased the pressure on Han Wuqin.

"King, don't be angry."

Han Wuqin said right away, "Calming Celestial Division has a gold medallion that the Emperor gave them. They have the right to act first and report later. Moreover, they can do things independently and don't need to discuss with the Imperial Court. But King, you should know that to eat up the Jing Family, the governor's manor is far from enough. " "I don't want to eat up the Jing Family." Gu Chensha waved his hands, "Listen to my orders." "Yes!"

"Bring my invitation to the Jing Family and invite Jing Qiu to the governor manor." Gu Chensha tossed out an invitation.

"Yes." Han Wuqin said right away, "King, please stay in my manor for a while. I will head over right away. I will arrange for people to serve you. " "No need, I don't want people to know that someone is coming."

Gu Chensha rejected, "Moreover, you don't have to be responsible for my safety. If someone can hurt me, then it doesn't matter how many people you send." Han Wuqin nodded his head and left with the invitation.

This invitation was huge. As the governor of a state, he had a high status and even the governors had to personally send it to the Jing Family.

Seeing Han Wuqin leave, Gu Chensha shook his head, "The officials of the Imperial Court are too weak and can't suppress these local powers and aristocratic families. This Han Wuqin is just at Dao Realm Transformation Five and is one of the top governors. Compared to the Jing Family, he is just an ant. How can we suppress him like that?

Even Iron Blood Marquis, the most powerful man in Six Fan School who is in charge of patrolling the world, is far weaker than Jing Qiu. "

Among the eight marquises of the imperial court, Gu Chensha had seen Marquis Calming Sea's cultivation. He was at the 21st transformation of the Dao Realm and had transformed into the Five Elements. He was already a grand elder of the Profound Immortal Dao Sect who held the core authority. Even Xiao Yan was only at this level. The Iron Blood Marquis was about the same.

The eight marquises were the Marquis Jushi, the Marquis Ironblood, the Marquis Sucking Star, the Marquis Thousand Autumns, the Marquis Subduing Demon, the Marquis Treasure, the Marquis Xinwu, and the Marquis Zhenhai.

Among them, Marquis Dashi's cultivation was the most profound because he was not born of a human. His mother was pregnant with a boulder from beyond the heavens and was born with many supernatural abilities. Now, his cultivation was even more unfathomable.

"Apart from His Majesty, there isn't anyone in the imperial court who can truly suppress all the noble families in the world in terms of overall strength.

Those two old geezers from the Celestial Designer Institute are actually only about as powerful as the true old-timers of those aristocratic families. It seems we'll have to rely on our Celestial Designer Institute for this. "

Gu Chensha thought as he calculated. The imperial court was divided into villages, towns, counties, prefectures, provinces, and states. Starting from the county level were the magistrate, prefectural magistrate, inspector, and governor.

Back then, when Gu Chensha went to Xian Province to wipe out the barbarian race, the inspector of Ba Nan Province was only a martial arts master. It wasn't easy for him to hire two martial arts grandmasters as bodyguards.

Now, the inspector of a province had to be a grandmaster, preferably at the Dao Realm. As for the governor, he had to be at the Dao Realm.

Officials who hadn't reached this level had to be nurtured and learned. The imperial court would provide resources to train these officials. Even so, these officials still couldn't compare to those thousand-year-old aristocratic families.

"Father, father …" Just as Gu Chensha was thinking about this, a voice spread out from outside the courtyard. A girl pushed open the door and walked in. She was around 17 or 18 years old and wore armor that was dotted with stars. It was actually the Star Soldier Armor. She held a sword that was also the Star Soldier Sword. She gave off a heroic aura and her breathing was long and deep. She was actually at the peak of the martial arts grandmaster realm and was about to touch the Dao Realm.

"Who are you?

Why is he in the courtyard where my father practices martial arts? "The young girl entered the courtyard and was shocked to see Gu Chensha." Where did my father go? " "Are you Han Wuqin's daughter?"

Gu Chensha wasn't angered by the interruption. "I'm an official sent by the imperial court, your father's superior. I just sent your father on an errand. "

"I see." The young girl quickly cupped her hands. "My name is Han Qingnan. Greetings, Sir. May I know which Sir you are from?" She did not kneel down according to the etiquette. Instead, she appeared rather arrogant.

"I am Duke Jing Xian Si Chen, the Nineteenth Prince of the current dynasty." Gu Chensha did not hide anything.

"Ah." Han Qingnan was surprised and quickly knelt down. "I didn't know that Your Highness had arrived. It's a big crime.

Princess Yuefu of the Calming Immortal Bureau is someone that my daughter admires. Since I'm fortunate enough to meet Your Highness today, I have a presumptuous request. I wish to join the Calming Immortal Bureau. "

"Get up. You can pass the test to join the Calming Immortal Department. Our Calming Immortal Department has a specialized test passage. We won't let talents go to waste. "

Gu Chensha did not agree, nor did he refuse. "Based on your cultivation level, you can take the test for a position.

As long as a man or woman of the Calming Immortal Bureau is talented, they can become a member after passing the test. " He did not open the back door and followed the rules of the Calming Immortal Bureau.

Han Qingnan looked disappointed, but she did not show it. Instead, she stood up and said, "What kind of tea would Your Highness like to drink? I will brew it for Your Highness. My Jing Province has all kinds of famous teas. A few days ago, the Jing Family sent my father some tea leaves made from Green Dragon Grass. This tea is very rare."

"There's no need." Gu Chensha was not in the mood to drink tea. Instead, he asked, "What kind of martial arts do you cultivate?

It's not bad. Although I can't open the back door for you to enter the Calming Immortal Bureau directly, I can still teach you martial arts. " "Really?

Your Highness is a top expert. I heard that you captured the Jing Family's genius, Jing Fanxing. At that time, Jing Fanxing was already at the 18 Dao Realm Transformation, the legendary Great Dao Golden Core Realm. "

Han Qingnan became happy once more. "I cultivate the Heart Doumu Technique from the Imperial Court Academy. Father's Cold Dragon Celestial Freezing Technique was supposed to be passed to me, but after cultivating for a few months, I felt that my body was not suitable, so I stopped cultivating." Now, the Imperial Court opened up schools all over and taught high-level techniques.

As for Gu Tanjian's National Fortune Newspaper, each issue would introduce techniques to attract people.

The Calming Immortal Bureau was the same. They even published specialized periodicals to introduce martial arts cultivation insights. Experts would explain them. At the same time, commoners could write letters about problems they had with cultivation, and they would be answered in the periodical.

This was why in the entire world, even the poorest commoners didn't need to worry about techniques as long as they wanted to learn martial arts. The prosperity of martial arts in the world was unprecedented.

Just like that, the number of experts in the world increased greatly. During these years, all sorts of Grandmasters and Dao Realm Transformation One and Two popped up like bamboo shoots after the rain.

"Heart Doumu Technique is a technique passed down by the Ancient Doumu Goddess. There is a complete version in the Imperial Court's secret vault. Only a small portion of it is spread out in the schools. Of course, it isn't because the Imperial Court is hiding it, but because they are afraid that the students won't be able to cultivate it."

Gu Chensha pointed, and in an instant, a ball of will entered Han Qingnan's consciousness. "This is a memory. I just comprehended this technique. After you get this small piece of memory, you can comprehend it on your own. If you can comprehend it completely, it won't be a problem for you to step into the Dao Realm." Han Qingnan didn't bother to say anything and started to comprehend right away.

After a while, Han Wuqin walked in furiously. When he saw his daughter, he was shocked. He didn't bother to ask anything and just knelt down and kowtowed. "Please forgive me, Your Highness." "What happened?" Gu Chensha's gaze turned cold.

"I went to the Jing Residence. The people of the Jing Residence welcomed me at first, but after I sent the invitation, the people inside said that Your Highness should go to the Jing Residence personally. Their master was in seclusion and could not receive you." As Han Wuqin spoke, his voice trembled. "How audacious! How audacious!

The Jing Family really has the intention to rebel. This lowly official, as the Governor, has actually raised the Jing Family into such a huge gangrene. This lowly official is truly ashamed. " At that moment, Han Wuqin was furious.

His relationship with the Jing Family was good and they were close, but this was a necessary method to maintain the region. Local officials and aristocratic families were close but he was from the Imperial Court. The Imperial Court sent him to be the Governor because they wanted to monitor the aristocratic families. This was something that every official was very clear about.

"How bold."

Killing intent appeared on Gu Chensha's face. "I asked Jing Qiu to come to the Governor Manor to discuss with me. He actually insulted the Imperial Court. Good, this is good. " Gu Chensha was really angry.

It wasn't because he had been humiliated, but because the dignity of the Imperial Court had been damaged.

As a Prince of the Imperial Court, he had been assassinated by the Jing Family. Now, all he had to do was ask. According to normal etiquette, the Jing Family Head would immediately rush over to explain and even disassociate himself and make all sorts of gestures.

But now, the Jing Family had directly refused and even wanted Gu Chensha to pay a visit. This was a great humiliation to the Imperial Court.

If this got out, not only would Gu Chensha lose all his dignity, but the Celestial Tranquility Department would also be unable to raise its head. The Imperial Court would also lose its deterrent power over the aristocratic families. This was no longer Gu Chensha's personal honor.

"Prince, for the dignity of the Imperial Court, please give the order. I will immediately send soldiers to surround the Jing Family and conduct a search. I don't believe that the Jing Family would dare to kill soldiers and officials."

Han Wuqin knew that if this matter wasn't handled well, his career would come to an end. It would be difficult for him to escape unscathed. Now was not the time to smooth things over. It was time to pick a side.

"Wait."

Gu Chensha calmed down and made precise calculations. "Since the Jing Family dared to do this, they must have a countermeasure or a conspiracy. This move of mine can be considered to have alerted them. I can see the Jing Family's wild ambitions. This can be considered a good thing. Wait for a while and don't leak the news. I have my own ideas. "

As he spoke, he had already begun to communicate with the Life's Wish sphere. He wanted to see what countermeasures Zhuge Ya had.

The Jing Family's actions were a crime of extermination. However, it was impossible for Gu Chensha to destroy the Jing Family alone.