Chapter 1073
============

Becoming Undying Wen Hong was the first to reach the Supreme Undying level.

The ninth level of Undying was completely different from the Heavenly Dao, and surpassed everything in the original world. There was no ninth level of Undying, only Heavenly Dao. The highest level was Heavenly Dao. Celestial Sovereign, Celestial Longevity, Celestial Origin, Celestial Realm, Heavenly Dao. These were the five levels of advancement.

After reaching these five levels, there were no more paths. It was Gu Chensha who carved out this path. Of course, this was also the result of the old world's Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian's fusion. In short, Wen Hong was the first to reach the Supreme Undying level.

Next, Lou Baiyue and Zhuge Ya's flames of life swelled, giving off wisps of aura that devoured the eggshell outside. Then, with the baptism of the new world, they reached the Supreme Undying level as well.

"Finally."

Zhuge Ya and Lou Baiyue were meditating on their own levels to familiarize themselves with the power of the Supreme Undying level. But then they saw Jin Suibo vanish and understood what had happened.

"Jin Suibo vanished into thin air."

Zhuge Ya said, "I failed to break through to the Invincible Immortal level. Just now, when I was trying to break through, I already had a telepathic connection, but I didn't expect it to be so dangerous. I could die at any moment and disappear completely. The biggest drawback of our new world is that we can't come back to life after we die. That's the disadvantage of non-conservation of energy. " "That's not a drawback."

Gu Chensha sighed and said, "The conservation of energy represents an infinite cycle, while the non-conservation of energy represents an infinite non-cycle. The birth of the new world has actually broken the inherent cycle of reincarnation and stepped into a new concept. Everyone who is born in the new world is actually eternal, but this kind of eternity only exists once. After death, eternity is lost. This is in line with our philosophy. We have eternal life, so we must grasp it at all times. " "How miraculous. New world, old world."

Wen Hong said, "In theory, all living beings in the old world die, but they have reincarnation. In other words, they are immortal.

In the new world, all of the creatures in the new world were born with eternal life, but after they died, they would completely disappear. There was no reincarnation. In reality, they could not live forever. This contrast is very interesting. " "Interesting indeed."

Lou Baiyue said, "However, we still have to resurrect Jin Suibo. He has been with us for so many years and has contributed greatly. Moreover, he is loyal and devoted. There is still a part of the new world for him."

I can borrow the power of the old world to resurrect him, but with my current cultivation base, I can't do it. He must be someone from the new world. That's the law of the new world. Living beings are eternal, but if they encounter a tribulation and die, they will truly die.

"But once I comprehend the tenth level of undying, I can resurrect him." Gu Chensha said, "Now that the three of us are at undying level, we can kill him."

"Now that the three of us are at undying level, we have more complete control of the situation. Can we capture and kill Mister Wu Wu and the others?" Zhuge Ya was eager to try.

"Mister Wu Wu and the others are old undying experts. It's hard for you to kill them one on one. But they are undying from the old world, and you are undying from the new world. Naturally, you will have an advantage.

But killing them now isn't a good thing. After the old world's main character is born, they will increase his power. At that time, the old world's main character will have the right to fight against me. After subduing the old world's main character, I will be able to reach the tenth level of undying. " Gu Chensha waved his hand.

"You don't plan on eliminating the Old World's protagonist in the bud. You still have to nurture him and strengthen him. In the end, when he reaches his peak, you will defeat him. That's the perfect ending. It's just like how pigs have to be fattened before being killed, and crops have to mature before being purchased. If the crops aren't mature, harvesting them is meaningless. "

Lou Baiyue understood Gu Chensha's meaning, "Actually, I really want to see and know who the old world's main character is. Who can fight against you. I feel that there will never be someone who can fight against you. There won't be one in the future, and there won't be one now."

"I hope that there will be someone who can fight against me. Only then will I have motivation. Even if it can't be born, I will nurture it. In the past, Mister Wu Wu and the others worked together with The Fourth, Emperor Of Heaven, Zhang Ziran and the others to nurture another me. Unfortunately, they didn't succeed."

Gu Chensha said, "Now that you've reached the Undying Realm, leave the new world immediately and go to the old world. You can also secretly push for the union of the four worlds. Also, try to create as many supermassive worlds as you can. The more worlds there are, the more complicated the situation will be, and the stronger the main character of the old world will be. You can even secretly get that main character to accept the ideals and karma of the new world, making it easier to subdue him in the future. I don't want to kill the main character of the old world, because if I do, another main character will be born in the future, generation after generation. Only by subduing this main character and getting him to acknowledge the ideals of the new world will we be able to get rid of him once and for all." "I see." Everyone understood now.

The stronger the main character of the old world was, the better. Moreover, Gu Chensha couldn't kill this person. It was best if he could change the main character's thoughts and actions. Only then would he be able to get rid of all traces of the old world.

Otherwise, even if he killed the main character of this old world, the remaining poison would not disappear. After a long period of time, another main character would appear to oppose Gu Chensha. This would continue for generations, and there would be no end to it. It was very frustrating.

For example, in 10,000 years, the main character of the old world would be born, but he would be killed by Gu Chensha, and the multivariate universe would temporarily settle down. However, in another 10,000 years, or even tens of thousands of years, the main character would be born again. When that time came, there would be a huge storm, and who knew how many people would die and how many worlds would be destroyed? Of course, Gu Chensha wanted to solve everything once and for all. Swish, swish, swish …

After the discussion, Wen Hong, Lou Baiyue, and Zhuge Ya left the new world and disappeared. They would hide themselves, and no one would find them. Then, they would push forward the development of the multivariate universe.

In the current multivariate universe, there were only four super-colossal universes: the Mother Nest Universe, the Arcane Technique Universe, the Extreme Martial Universe, and the Immemorial Universe. However, if these three Supreme Immortals pushed forward, it was likely that even more super-colossal universes would be born.

The unique characteristic of these super-colossal universes was that they could nurture opportunities to reach the Supreme Immortal Realm.

Of course, it was just an opportunity. There was no guarantee that they would reach the Supreme Immortal Realm. Rumble!

Three more Supreme Immortals appeared in the multivariate universe. Immediately, a profound change occurred. Back in the day, Fa Wuxian hadn't reached the Supreme Immortal Realm. He kept devouring, which led to the multivariate universe's backlash. If he had reached the Supreme Immortal Realm at that time, then the multivariate universe wouldn't have been able to do anything to him.

"Billions of universes, completely revealed." When Gu Chensha saw the three of them leave, he once again activated his River of Fate.

The River of Fate expanded by trillions of times. It flowed endlessly, and everyone's fate was within it. Even Mister Wu Wu and the others were revealed.

Originally, if one reached the Supreme Immortal Realm, they would have long since escaped the control of fate.

However, Gu Chensha's fate was no ordinary fate. Ever since Jin Suibo's death, he had gained a deeper understanding of the Supreme Immortal Realm. Therefore, when he observed the multivariate universe, he could see the fate of every living being and non-living being more clearly.

"The main character of the old world should have already been born. However, I don't know who it is. Moreover, this main character doesn't even know that he's the main character of the old world. He might even be a minor character. Just like me back in the day, I was also a minor character, a prince who wasn't well received.

Right now, I'm sending Lou Baiyue, Wen Hong, and Zhuge Ya out to stir things up. This way, the fishes, prawns, crabs, and turtles will show themselves.

It's like a pond. The water surface is calm, and you'll never know what's hidden inside. But if you keep stirring things up, you'll startle the snake, and the water will turn into a muddy soup. That way, many things won't be able to hide, and will show themselves. Gu Chensha's stirring things up to startle the snake was a grand scheme, but it wasn't a conspiracy.

In the boundless River of Fate, the fates of countless living beings and non-living beings, and even those who weren't living beings or non-living beings, appeared in the river.

Dragons and snakes mingled in the river. The Heavenly Dao Realm experts were like dragons, swimming and growing. However, some of them had chaotic fate, and were plagued by bad luck. They were actually devoured by some minor characters. And those minor characters quickly grew up.

In the River of Fate, everyone's fate changed from a tiny ant to a shrimp, a small fish, a large fish, a huge fish, a python, a whale, a flood dragon, and a true dragon. Gu Chensha was constantly observing and adjusting them. He could even change anyone's fate. By adjusting their fate, that person would turn from an ant to a true dragon.

The fate of Mister Everlasting and the others was also included. They didn't appear as true dragons, but as stars. They floated in the River of Fate. Sometimes, they would struggle to fly out of the river, and other times, they would fall back into the river. It was like the sun rising and setting over the sea. This meant that they were unable to escape the restraints of the River of Fate.

"Hmm?"

Sure enough, Gu Chensha discovered some clues when he was manipulating the fates of countless living beings.