Chapter 706
===========

Longevity God used his own words to persuade Calming Chaos to surrender and become part of Calming Xian Si.

Daoist Calming Chaos was a little hesitant. He and Longevity God had fought for many years and had suppressed Longevity God to the second tier.

Longevity Sect and Chaos Calming Sect had been fighting for many years and he always had the upper hand. Even if Longevity God was a genius, it was useless.

But now, Longevity God had joined the Calming Immortal Department, and in the blink of an eye, he had become a Sage who had reached the 30th transformation of Dao Realm, "Controlling Fate". Apart from that, he also had his own Minor Chiliocosm, and most importantly, he had three True God Great Positions.

In this way, even ten Calming Chaos Daoists couldn't do anything to Longevity God. Longevity God had already left him far behind. b,,,,r/ It was impossible for Calming Chaos Daoist not to be envious of Longevity God's opportunity.

But the reason he resisted now was because he was tied to these giants in the new god continent. If he surrendered, these giants might kill him first. Moreover, he definitely didn't want to be converted by the Great People's Salvation Scripture.

After that, his position would be very low and he would lose his own dao. He was not like Longevity God who was now a high level member of Calming Xian Si and could make decisions. And he was just a slave now. So, he wanted to fight for the same position as Longevity God.

"Your Highness, this Calming Chaos Daoist is a talent. My sect and his Chaos Calming Sect have been fighting for thousands of years. I know how powerful he is. Not only is he good at scheming, he is also good at business operations. He also has many secrets that he hides very deeply. If I'm not wrong, he should have already cultivated his own small chiliocosm and become one of the ancient 72 mysterious sects, pushing Mountain Sect out. That Mountain Sect's Sect Leader Yue Ziju is a small character with great ambition but little talent. He can't become a Saint at all. Moreover, that Mountain Sect's small chiliocosm is withering every year due to the lack of faith. Its energy storage is huge and it can't make ends meet. In a few decades, it will completely collapse.

The reason why he hasn't taken action yet is because he's afraid that a tall tree will attract the wind. If he becomes one of the 72 Mysterious Gates, the Mysterious Gate of Heaven and Earth will find trouble with him. He won't be able to withstand the erosion and oppression of such a giant. "

Longevity Immortal quickly transmitted his divine sense to Gu Chensha: "So, your highness, it's not a good choice to enlighten Tranquil Daoist. The best way is to subdue him and make him work for us. I think he has this intention."

"I know that. The Calming Daoist's fate energy is obscure, but it is full of life. He will definitely achieve great things in the future."

With Gu Chensha's current cultivation base, he was able to see through fate and fate. Even Daoist Calming Chaos, who was at the 32 Transformations of the Dao Realm and was only one step away from becoming a Saint, couldn't escape his discerning eyes.

"It's impossible for him to surrender now. One must know that he has the king beside him." At that moment, Lou Baiyue appeared silently.

A thread of world energy changed repeatedly. It seemed like it could change fate and change the world. A new aura spread out from Lou Baiyue's body.

"Baiyue, you reached god realm?"

Gu Chensha was shocked. He could already tell that the aura that Lou Baiyue was giving off right now was that of a true Divine level expert. He was definitely at the 30th transformation of the Dao Realm, 'World Creation'. He had already transformed his magic power into World Energy.

What Lou Baiyue comprehended was the Life Reforming Heaven Art. It was a supreme transformation derived from the true essence of the Great Massacre God Art. It complemented Gu Chensha's Life Mending Heaven Art and formed a perfect system. Gu Chensha mainly cultivated the Son of Heaven Investiture Art. This art was deduced to the extreme, and with the addition of Gu Chensha's nature and various comprehensions, it formed the Life Mending Heaven Art.

Of course, as Gu Chensha deduced the Common People Heaven Mending Technique, he also taught the essence to Lou Baiyue.

Lou Baiyue also taught the Common People Heaven Mending Technique to Gu Chensha. The two of them communicated with one another and each had their own thoughts.

Lou Baiyue's status as a Deity-Ranked expert was extremely important. In fact, she was the person the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor valued the most. She was also the first to succeed in cultivating the Great Slaughter Divine Art. Even now, her comprehension of the Great Slaughter Divine Art was the deepest.

For example, when Gu Chensha imitated the Great Massacre God Art with the quality of the Heaven Dao Art, he didn't have the domineering aura and might of Lou Baiyue's that could cut through everything, destroy the eons, and make the sun and moon dim.

He also didn't have the domineering aura that could change fate, change the world, change the world, and change the world. Of course, Gu Chensha had his own style.

The current Lou Baiyue had cultivated to the god realm. When she attacked, she even had a power that exceeded that of a Saint.

The small world in her body had already been formed. The world energy surged and it seemed like it was rearranging all sorts of energies.

The Great Massacre God Technique used all sorts of ocean-like formulas to extract endless amounts of energy and mysterious things. These formulas were the crystallization of the prehistoric civilization. After Gu Taxian's near Heaven Dao wisdom and the Celestial Dao Civilization, they formed the Great Massacre God Technique.

The mysteries of the Great Massacre God Technique were something that people in the world couldn't understand.

In the past, when Lou Baiyue cultivated this technique and reached the Dao Realm Six Transformations, she cultivated Xiantian Earth Energy. She had an endless amount of it and could use it to attack many times.

As for Fa Wuxian and Connate Saints of that level, they would only be able to unleash hundreds or thousands of astral energy attacks before their energy was depleted.

So, at that time, even if Lou Baiyue was a top genius and couldn't be compared to a Saint, she could use the Great Massacre God Technique to ignore all other talents and be invincible at the same realm.

Moreover, as one's realm got higher and higher, the Great Massacre God Technique would become stronger and stronger.

"Recently, I broke through and finally reached God Realm."

Lou Baiyue nodded her head, "Moreover, I comprehended the deeper mysteries of the Great Massacre God Technique. In the future, I will be able to improve the Common People Life Changing Heaven Book."

"These people aren't willing to submit and are fighting back. What do you think we should do?" Gu Chensha asked Lou Baiyue.

"The pillar of these people is Wang Chengshi. He is already a Dao Realm Transformation 35 expert and is the top one out of all of them.

If we can subdue this person, then everything else will be solved. "Lou Baiyue saw through the core of the matter," Let me solve this. "

While speaking, she stepped into the core of the New God Continent and was not far away from this bunch of people. She said to Wang Chengshi, "Wang Chengshi, I know that you are really talented and have many secrets. You are the son of God Ability from God Ability World, God Ability Descending.

How about this, you gather these people to fight against our Tranquil Immortal Department. We can completely crush you, but you are just bewitched by Immortal Master Wan. If we kill you, we will not be benevolent and righteous masters.

Wang Shengshi, I've only just reached the Deity level, but you're already at the thirty-five transformations of the Infinitesimal realm. When we fight, we will use our own cultivation to decide the victor.

If you win, all of you can leave. My Calming Immortal Department will let you go. But if you lose, Wang Shengshi, I will make you pay. Wang Chengshi, if you lose, then you have to join us and work for us. Do you dare to bet with us? " "You are Lou Baiyue?"

At this time, Wang Chengshi stepped forward. "I know of your fame and your deeds, but you actually want to make a bet with me?

Do you know the difference between Creation World with 30 Transformations and Chaos Realm with 35 Transformations? Also, are you sure you won't use any magic treasures? You even have the dimensional world strength of the Common People's Wish sphere? "

"If you use the dimensional world strength of the Common People's Wish sphere, then what does that count as? You will have to rely on your own ability to fight with your own cultivation."

Lou Baiyue said, "In short, in front of everyone, we will use our own cultivation. We will not use any magic treasures or any other strength. If anyone uses anything, then that person will be the loser. Our words are as good as gold and we never go back on our word. If you can defeat me, then all of you can be saved." "Alright!"

Wang Chengshi looked around. Many people were looking at him with expectant gazes. He knew that if he won, then he would win the hearts of these people and establish his prestige. From there, he would obtain a massive amount of destiny.

Moreover, right now, only Lou Baiyue was willing to fight him. In his mind, his chances of victory were extremely high, almost 99%.

According to reason, the difference between Creation World with 30 Transformations and Chaos Realm with 35 Transformations was simply too great.

Thirty Transformations was when one had just reached the Deity level, while 35 Transformations was when one reached the peak of Sages, close to the great circle of the 36 Transformations.

As he spoke, Wang Chengshi arrived in front of Lou Baiyue. "People of the Calming Immortal Department always keep their word. Especially since you are a Big Shot of the Calming Immortal Department. If you deceive the world, then you will never be able to promote your ideals in the future." "You don't need to use words to pressure me."

Lou Baiyue smiled. "There are so many people watching. Since you have already agreed, then I will make the first move. After all, your cultivation level is much higher than mine." "I will let you have three moves."

Just as Wang Chengshi finished speaking, he wanted to put on a calm expression. But Lou Baiyue suddenly flicked her finger. Buzz! In the blink of an eye, Lou Baiyue's microscopic world flew out.

As soon as the world flew out, it moved with incredible speed toward Wang Chongshi, where it self-detonated.

"This is …" Wang Chengshi was shocked. "You actually committed suicide! Self-detonating your own microscopic world?

A Deity's microscopic world is the source of their lifeforce. Detonating it will be extremely powerful, but it will also greatly damage their vitality. They will basically drop a level, and they will never be able to advance! " After reaching the Deity level, one had to create their own lifeforce world.

All Deities created their own microscopic worlds using their lifeforce, their Yuan Spirit, their essence energy, and all sorts of blood and sweat. It was the equivalent of a millionaire working hard to build up his family fortune. A Deity's last resort was also the most desperate, most desperate, most suicidal method.

In order to escape Gu Chensha's capture last time, Martial Emperor had also self-detonated his own world, causing great damage to his vitality. In the end, he had been captured by Gu Chensha and even refined the Divergent Heart. If it wasn't for Wan Senshi saving Martial Emperor, he probably wouldn't have recovered.

Wang Chengshi hadn't expected that Lou Baiyue would self-detonate her microscopic world as soon as she came out. = = The free mobile reader is online! Over one million free reading, smart bookshelf management, and you will never lose what you like! Dedicated to creating an even better reading experience. Come and follow my official WeChat account. (Press and hold for three seconds to copy) Download the free reader.