Chapter 430
===========

The chief of the Great Apes, Barren Ape, was dead.

The treasure of the mountain, the Myriad Demon Human Painting, had been swept away, along with the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree and the Mother Earth Milk that had been accumulated for many years. Half of the spirit medicines, treasures, treasures, and materials had been swept away as well. The ten Battle-Monarchs were dead as well. These were all things that the Great Apes could not afford to lose.

Especially the Myriad Demon Human Painting. It was a treasure that had stabilized the fortunes of the Great Apes, and yet it had been swept away just like that, with no way to retrieve it afterward. This was a great loss.

Normally, such a treasure could not be swept away, because it had long since been refined by the three Godly Apes to the point where it could move at will and transform at will. Today, however, was an exception.

In order to deal with Chang Weiyang, the three Godly Apes had used all of Tai Xuandu's talismans, and thus were unable to control the Myriad Demon Human Painting. In addition, when the painting had been swept away, Gu Chensha had activated Grand Preceptor Wen Hong's talisman to suppress it, and then brought it into the depths of the Life's Wish sphere to be controlled by the Heavenly Demon Tree. This way, the three Godly Apes could do nothing about it.

He knew very well how much the Heavenly Demon Tree sapling had improved after obtaining the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree, and how much power it could wield.

Actually, ever since the Celestial Pacification Department had refined the Heavenly Demon Tree, the three Godly Apes had been scheming to obtain the sapling and use its remains to strengthen it. This way, the overall power of the Great Apes would increase by a hundredfold.

Not to mention anything else, the Heavenly Demon Tree's current growth had greatly increased the speed at which it absorbed and disintegrated chaotic energy. It could produce many elixirs every day.

For example, the Heavenly Demon Transformation Elixir was extremely beneficial to the Great Demons. After eating it, one could gradually transform into a human form. But now, none of this had anything to do with the Great Apes.

"Kill, kill, kill!

We will attack the Celestial Pacification Department right now, destroy the court, and kill those humans from the Great Yongchō Court! "The Diamond Fighting Ape's body exploded with a destructive storm.

"The Great Apes cannot take this lying down."

Although the Thousand Changes Stone Ape looked calm on the surface, it was inwardly furious. "If we don't take revenge on those foolish humans, we will become the laughingstock of all demons."

The Yin Yang Ghost Ape's eyes darted back and forth. "This is no small matter. We Simians suffered heavy losses. That Celestial Calmness Department acquired the remains of the heavenly demon tree, as well as the Myriad Demonized Human Painting. If they fuse with them, they'll be dozens of times stronger than before. That's especially true of that Zhuge Ya. His cultivation base is rising every day, and he'll eventually surpass us. If we want to take revenge, we have to think about it carefully. "

The Yin Yang Ghost Ape knew very well that the Tranquil Immortal Department had obtained such a large amount of wealth. If it was digested, the Ape Race wouldn't be able to shake it.

Additionally, Tranquil Immortal Department had reached an agreement with the Universe Mysterious Sect and had a close relationship with Taiyi Fantasy Sect. Additionally, it had the support of Wen Hong. Including all these, the ape race was no match for them at all.

"We have to report what happened today to Lord Demon Saint."

Que Ying 'er and Que Huang' er said. As they spoke, the two sisters activated the Demon Saint Talisman again and disappeared. Even the three great apes couldn't stop them.

When they reached the outside, Que Ying 'er flew swiftly and a cold smile appeared on her face. "The ape race has declined. There is basically no hope. The three great apes are seeking their own deaths. They are completely at a disadvantage in the battle with the Tranquil Immortal Department."

"That bunch of fools deserved it. However, it is really a pity that the Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Diagram and the remains of the Heavenly Demon Tree have fallen into the hands of the Tranquil Immortal Department. In a short period of time, the Tranquil Immortal Department's strength will increase by a lot. If a God Realm expert appears in the future, it will be really difficult to suppress them." Que Huang 'er was very worried.

"That's right. Their treasure, the Heavenly Demon Tree, and the ball that they refined, with their current strength, they won't be able to use it at all. However, if a God Realm expert appears, it will be completely different. A God Realm expert will be able to perfectly use the power of the treasure."

Que Ying 'er frowned. "If a God Realm expert appears in the Tranquil Immortal Department, it will be comparable to the 72 Mysterious Sects of the Immortal Dao."

God Realm experts were people who had opened up their grotto-heavens at the Thirty Transformations of the Dao Realm. They were able to perfectly use the power of space to stabilize and create grotto-heavens.

One had to know that any high grade treasure contained the changes of the grotto-heavens and had to use the power of space to activate it.

"I wonder how the Ape Race will take revenge on the Tranquil Immortal Department." Que Ying 'er guessed.

"They won't be able to take revenge."

Que Huang 'er thought about it. "The Ape Race has decided to let the Tranquil Immortal Department suffer a huge loss. I didn't expect that the Tranquil Immortal Department would actually contact so many strong existences and even schemed against Ape Huang, causing the Ape Race's efforts to fail. If the Ape Race wants to take revenge, they will probably fall into another trap. I think those three old monkeys won't even be able to keep their lives." "That is very possible."

Que Ying 'er said, "Since that is the case, let's find a chance to capture those three old monkeys and refine them into treasures to prevent the Tranquil Immortal Department from benefiting." "That is my idea too."

A cold smile appeared on Que Huang 'er's face. "However, even if the Ape Race doesn't take revenge, the Tranquil Immortal Department won't be at ease. They might want to capture the three divine apes and refine them into slaves so that they can activate the Common People's Wish Ball." "What great ambition. They can even do that?

Refine the three Deity level experts into slaves and spiritual bodies? "Que Ying 'er was secretly shocked." Maybe we can be the fishermen that reap the benefits. "

"That is natural. We still have to go back and discuss this with the elders in the race. Taking back the Vermillion Bird from the Tranquil Immortal Department is the right path." The two demonesses gradually went far away. Inside the Common People's Wish Ball.

Gu Chensha and Zhuge Ya were refining the Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Painting. This painting was hidden with profound mysteries. It was hard to refine it in a hurry. At this time, Lou Baiyue had also rushed back from the Devil Domain to help with the refining.

"Ten thousand demons transform into humans, the growth and decline of all living things, life and death, all spirits return to one!"

Gu Chensha struck out layers of talismans and injected them into the Heavenly Demon Tree, absorbing the Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Painting. Rumble!

The treasure trembled incessantly. There was an unyielding will within it. It was the mark left behind by the four great apes.

However, Zhuge Ya struck out with a supreme technique. Instantly, the figures of the four great apes appeared on the Heavenly Demon Tree. It was as if he had used the Heavenly Demon Tree to duplicate the four great apes.

The auras of the Chaotic Demonic Ape, the Thousand Transformation Stone Ape, the Yin-Yang Ghost Ape, and the Diamond Fighting Ape were actually duplicated by Zhuge Ya using the Heavenly Demon Tree.

The moment the auras of the four great apes appeared, the Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Painting stopped struggling and obediently merged into the Heavenly Demon Tree.

Zhuge Ya blew out a breath again. The Heavenly Demon Tree actually burned with raging flames. These flames condensed into the image of ten thousand demons. They spun and danced everywhere before worshiping the Heavenly Demon Tree. Crack, crack!

After merging with the Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Painting, the Heavenly Demon Tree grew again. It was now as tall as a dozen people, two or three times larger than before.

At this time, an incomparably domineering and tyrannical aura was born from the Heavenly Demon Tree. It spread out and resonated with the space inside the Life's Wish sphere. A huge amount of chaotic elemental energy was absorbed out of thin air and then broken down into various beneficial energies that filled the yellow sand inside the sphere.

After a full three months, the land within the sphere of Life's Wish, which had originally been lifeless yellow sand, was now overflowing with life. Not only was it filled with purple immortal mud, some parts of it had even begun to transform into green "heavenly mud".

Sky mud was refined using a primordial secret method. The ape clan's Minor Mount Meru was completely covered in this "sky mud" that grew countless spirit herbs.

And now, after devouring the Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Painting, the Heavenly Demon Tree also had the ability to transform the earth into "sky mud." It had devoured countless precious elixirs brought out from the ape clan and reshaped them, transforming a portion of their elemental energy into sky mud. The rest was in the process of brewing an extremely pure elixir treasure.

The ape clan's treasury was too diverse with all sorts of treasures. In fact, they weren't practical. After being devoured by the Heavenly Demon Tree, all that was created was pure treasures.

In fact, for the Calming Immortal Department to develop, three things were the most important. The first was elixirs and cultivation. The second was weapons, and the third was armor. Everything else was useless. It was the same as an army. First were rations, then weapons and armor.

Therefore, the Calming Immortal Department had gathered all the energy and elemental energy materials to create these three things.

They would replace the previous Star Trooper Armor and Star Trooper Sword to increase their power. Even a low-level armor would be able to fly with absolute defense, increase power, and assist in cultivation. After the Heavenly Demon Tree grew quickly, it could definitely do that.

During these three months, Gu Chensha had comprehended the Ten Thousand Demon Human Transformation Painting along with the growth of the Heavenly Demon Tree. His understanding of the true meaning of humans became deeper and deeper. At the same time, he finally knew why humans were called the spirits of all beings.

Actually, the human body contained some secrets that even the Green Dragon, White Tiger, Vermillion Bird, Xuanwu, and North Star Emperor might not have. A human's potential was the greatest and there was no limit to it. As for why humans were born, Gu Chensha didn't understand.

Gu Chensha's accumulation was getting thicker and thicker, but he still wasn't able to break through to Dao Realm 20 and cultivate the Heaven Path Technique. No matter how much he cultivated, he was just a little bit away. He could reach it, but for some reason, he couldn't break through that bottleneck.

The deeper his cultivation, the more he felt that the Heaven Path Technique's quality was a key. If he broke through, he would be able to see many things.

"Chensha, you have accumulated enough. I feel like your body contains the power to destroy heaven and earth, so why can't you break through?" Lou Baiyue found it weird.