Chapter 474
===========

The Legalism palace complex was enveloped by a formation. It was like a huge invisible screen that covered thousands of kilometers of land. Ordinary people couldn't even get close to the dozens of kilometers around the palace complex. Only legalism disciples who wore talismans could enter and exit this barrier freely.

Gu Chensha, on the other hand, did not care. He had just come into contact with the barrier, and he was already familiar with its secrets. He gently transformed and became a part of the barrier. Naturally, he was able to hide inside without anyone knowing. The Legalists' palaces had many floors, and there were countless barriers. The outer disciples couldn't enter the deeper layers. The rules were strict and meticulous.

Legalism disciples were divided into many levels. The lowest level was the Miscellaneous Chores Disciples. They were servants who served tea, did manual labor, planted crops, and reclaimed land. They had to bow and scrape.

Those with slightly higher levels were secular disciples, traveling merchants, transporting goods, dealing with other trading companies, and so on.

These two types of disciples were the largest bottom level. They lived in the periphery of the Legalism palace complex. They lived in towns. The houses weren't palaces, but were all single-story houses. Then there were the inner disciples.

Once one became an inner disciple of the Legalism, their treatment improved. They could be given pills, cultivation techniques, and all sorts of conveniences. Also, the inner disciples basically didn't have to do any work. Their role was to cultivate every day and take tests. However, they were very strict. There would be a big test every month. If they couldn't pass, they would be kicked out and become secular disciples. Not only would they lose face, they would also have to work every day. They wouldn't have time to cultivate, and they would basically never be able to make a name for themselves. Above the inner disciples were the inner disciples, and their treatment was even better. After that, there would be another selection in the inner disciples for elite disciples. After that, there would be another selection in the elite disciples for enforcers. This was similar to the adjudicators under the three Heavenly Venerables.

The enforcers monitored all the disciples and had an extremely high status. They were already the peak of the disciples. If one had enough experience, they would become a legalism elder.

Gu Chensha entered the Legalism palace and hid his body. He walked around leisurely and observed the structure of the Legalism palace. He found that there was a strict order, and the hierarchy was clear. No one could take half a step forward. It was this order that made the Legalism so powerful. Odd job disciples, secular disciples, inner disciples, elite disciples, and enforcers.

There were six major levels, followed by the Elders, Great Elders, Patriarchs, Supreme Elders, and Ancestors.

Old Ancestors were usually God Realm experts. As for Grand Elders, they were at the Dao Realm 27 Transformations, Two World Seamless and 29 Transformations comprehending chaos. They needed to cultivate and step into the God Realm.

"I wonder what the school of Legalism's Omniscient Law Realm is like?

It's bigger than our Life's Wish sphere, and it produces countless rare spiritual herbs, minerals, resources, and treasures. The real good stuff is in that World of Dharma. If I can infiltrate it, I'll be able to pry into the true secrets of legalism. "

Gu Chensha strolled around for most of the day and saw the Miscellaneous Chores disciples at the lowest level of the school of Legalism working hard to wash clothes, sweep the floor, serve tea, plant medicinal fields, raise livestock, and so on. They were busy and the work was extremely heavy.

Actually, with the school of Legalism's divine powers, these tasks could be done by puppets. However, the school of Legalism did not seem to have any puppets that worked.

The members of the school of Legalism's upper echelon felt that the odd jobs should be left to the disciples. Firstly, they could comprehend the principles through the odd jobs. Secondly, if the large number of low-end disciples did not have any work to do, they would loaf around, and it would be extremely disadvantageous to the clan's stability.

Only by keeping the disciples at the lowest level busy all day, not giving them time to think or take a breather, would the clan be at peace.

Actually, many rulers had the same thoughts. They could not let the commoners have it too easy. They had to be constantly working so that there would be a hint of hope. However, they could not be allowed to starve to death either. Only then would the country be stable.

However, Gu Chensha did not think this way. He was no longer looking at the problem from the perspective of the Emperor. Instead, he was looking at it from the perspective of the survival of all of humanity. He had to do his best to strengthen humanity, increase their intelligence and strength, so that they could fend off the upcoming calamity!

The Legalism's structure and philosophy of governance were indeed a kind of truth that had existed for several thousand years. They contained some kind of rule and had created the Legalism's glory for several thousand years. However, by the looks of it now, these were a little outdated.

Gu Chensha went deeper and observed the disciples' cultivation. He also got a good look at the Legalism's basic cultivation techniques and training methods.

"Hmmm? Fiendish aura? "

As he slowly observed, Gu Chensha suddenly sensed a hint of fiendish aura. It was very pure and intense. Although the owner of the fiendish aura tried his best to hide it, how could he hide it from him?

"Why would there be fiends in the Legalism?" Gu Chensha immediately transformed and lurked towards the spot where the fiendish aura appeared.

Every level of the Legalism palace had a unique restrictive spell. One could only enter by wearing the corresponding talisman amulet. The deeper one went, the stronger the restrictive spell. If a disciple trespassed and triggered the restrictive spell, only death awaited them.

This had been the rule for thousands of years, resulting in no one daring to trespass the forbidden zone. Gu Chensha ignored the restrictive spell. He casually transformed and seeped in.

His body's transformation had already surpassed the River of Myriad Things and reached a whole new level.

The Legalism's massive palace complex basically had no secrets to him. Only the Dharma World was difficult to find.

In just a short while, he found a garden deep in the palace complex. The spiritual energy in the garden was really strong and there was also celestial energy mixed within. When mixed together, it formed a special celestial spiritual energy.

The celestial spiritual energy was nurtured by a special formation and actually turned into many beautiful fairies. These fairies danced in the garden and looked really lively. And here, a banquet was being held.

Apart from the six hall elders who appeared to accompany the guest, there were 12 other elders of the same level.

Gu Chensha knew that the Legalism had a total of 18 halls and each hall's elder was an absolute expert at the 20 changes.

Even with how strong the Legalism School was, there were very few people who could cultivate spiritual power. They weren't as simple as cabbages. The 18 hall elders were accompanying a guest. This guest was a really handsome young man. The fiendish aura was coming from his body.

"Dwarf Demon Race?"

Gu Chensha could immediately tell that this handsome young man was an expert of the Dwarf Demon Race. This man had actually reached the 26 changes of Dao Realm, 10,000 Techniques Return to One. It seemed like he could break through to the 27 changes of Seamless Two Worlds at any time.

"This image, it seems like …" Gu Chensha was shocked. "It's actually the Dwarf Demon Clan's younger generation, the Dwarf Death Abandonment.

I even pretended to be this person and killed the Dark Armor Great Demon Race's Dark Armor Foolishness. There was also a 24 Transformation Six-Armed Snake Demon and 25 Transformation Blood Demon.

I wanted to stir up internal strife in the Demon Race, but I didn't succeed. This Abandoned Dwarf is still here. It seems like he has made some sort of agreement with the Legalism School. "

Abandoned Dwarf was a freak. When he was born, there were all sorts of phenomenons. His parents saw numerous black lotuses surging out from the ground and then blood rain falling from the sky.

The moment he was born, he was completely different from the other Dwarf Demons. He was extremely strong and resonated with the demonic nature. His cultivation speed was really fast and he could pretty much learn any technique just by listening to it once. His proficiency was also much better than other Demons who cultivated for decades.

Abandoned Dwarf's signature move was to turn into a black lotus that would suddenly appear and slash and destroy everything. From a certain perspective, Abandoned Dwarf was the Demon Race's Fa Wuxian. He was a natural Saint!

His father was the Dwarf Death Emperor who had the Prison Suppressing Black Stele and was a Demon Saint.

Gu Chensha had turned into this person because of Abandoned Dwarf's arrogance. He killed the experts of the Demon Race and pushed the blame onto him. However, this was effective. Otherwise, the Demon Race would have already exploded. The humans had already delayed it for a year.

Fa Liufeng laughed heartily. "Our cooperation this time is not bad. I didn't expect the Pygmy Devil Race to have so many natural treasures. Our School of Legalism can do business with you. It'll be a win-win situation for both sides."

As he laughed, he pointed, and an immortal spirit woman flying through the garden was wrapped in magic power and brought to the banquet table on a jade plate.

The immortal spirit woman was more than a foot tall and had rainbow-colored wings. When she flapped them, she looked ethereal and beautiful.

But the immortal spirit woman was scared out of her wits. She begged, "Exalted Immortal, Exalted Immortal, Exalted Immortal, please spare me! Don't eat me, don't eat me! "

Fa Liufeng shouted. "Immortal spirits like you are creatures that our School of Legalism has gathered immortal energy and spiritual energy for thousands of years in this garden. The meaning of your existence is to please us and entertain our guests. You dare to struggle and beg for mercy? But it doesn't matter. This is your fate. "

As he spoke, he opened his mouth and inhaled. The foot-tall immortal spirit woman was sucked into his mouth. She screamed, then struggled in pain as she was eaten by Fa Liufeng.

"How extravagant. Extremely extravagant."

Created by Ancient Dust Sand, this was the Celestial Spirit Virgins Feast recorded in ancient records. It was a type of extreme enjoyment, and it was created by gathering great formations for thousands of years, using all sorts of secret methods to condense the Celestial Spirit Virgins and then consume them.

Rumor had it that among the great clans of the Profound Immortal Dao Sects, only those who could arrange the Immortal Spirit Fairies Feast could be considered truly powerful. To Gu Chensha, this was a bad habit. It was like ordinary nobles eating a monkey's brain.

But there was nothing he could do about it. The Profound Immortal Dao Sects and Sage clans weren't perfect. There were many bad habits, and to the nations, these Sage clans were like cancerous tumors.

"How enjoyable. Immortal spirit energy has been brewed by countless formations, gathering the five elements of heaven and earth, and the purest essence of human dao. After thousands of years, these immortal spirit fairies have been brewed."

Abandoned the dwarf looked at Fa Liufeng, who also grabbed one of the fairies and placed her on his jade plate. He slowly opened his mouth and absorbed the fairy's energy. He watched as she begged, and then her body shrank until she was completely absorbed. The fairies first begged, then cursed, then pain and despair disappeared.