Chapter 740
===========

"As expected, Fa Wuxian still has luck. He definitely won't die just like that. Before he died, he received the blessing of the Heaven Realm, preventing me from obtaining the Infinity Umbrella. This is what it means to be rescued from death's door. But it's not surprising. For a powerful existence like the Endless Child, it would be illogical if he died so easily." Gu Chensha wasn't surprised at all. His soul didn't move and he observed the changes.

Fa Wuxian making a breakthrough in the midst of battle was the most common thing, and it was also within his expectations. Only then would it be more challenging. Only when Fa Wuxian broke through to Saint Realm would it be worth it to fight him. He would be able to threaten his main body and trigger the essence of his battle.

"Gu Chensha, thanks to you, I was able to break through to Saint Realm."

Under the protection of the Infinity Umbrella, Fa Wuxian absorbed the source of the Heaven Realm. In the blink of an eye, he consolidated his own cultivation base and condensed all the power and essence into a Saint Heart that represented his own truth.

Once he reached this realm, even if he died, he would be able to merge with the Heaven Dao. In the future, with enough worship power, he might even have a chance of reviving. At Saint Realm, one's spirit would exist forever in the world. This was the power and privilege of a Saint.

In theory, Saints were indestructible. If the Heaven Dao didn't die, then Saints wouldn't die. This was the realm of being one with the Dao.

When one became a Saint, even if one died, one would just merge with the Heaven Dao and become one with it.

Now that Fa Wuxian became a Saint, many dao techniques that he didn't understand in the past became clear to him. His comprehension of the Heaven Dao and the Heaven Realm instantly increased by a huge realm.

Out of the 36 transformations, there were many transformations. Although they were just one realm apart, there were huge differences in battle, comprehension, management, and cultivation.

For example, from the second transformation of Nine Bulls and Two Tigers to the third transformation of Copper Skin Iron Bones.

The former could be injured by swords and arrows while the latter could charge about. They were pretty much human-shaped war machines. This was why the barbarian race generals were basically experts at the third transformation of Copper Skin Iron Bones.

For example, there was a huge difference between the fifth transformation of the Dao Realm, Spirit Gathering Hundred Orifices, and the sixth transformation of the Connate Stellar Energy.

The former could only use their physical bodies to fight, while the latter could kill people from a distance. Their Stellar Energy could break mountains and split rocks. After that, all kinds of changes were as intense as heaven and earth.

Among them, the Twenty-Ninth Transformation, 'Understanding Chaos', and the Thirtieth Transformation, 'World Creation', had the greatest difference.

"Breaking through to the Sage Realm is a good thing."

Gu Chensha crossed his hands behind his back and said calmly, "If you hadn't broken through to the Sage Realm, you wouldn't have posed any threat to me. Now, you finally have the qualifications for me to use my full strength. However, you can still rest assured that I won't use the dimensional realm's power. I will still fight with my own strength." "That would be best."

Fa Wuxian's body flickered as he charged forward with a speed ten times faster than before. His hands formed seals, and within the seals, there seemed to be sabers, swords, spears, pikes, and all sorts of torture instruments. This was the embodiment of Law, the might of Law. "Gu Chensha, I've finally understood the true meaning of Law, it's punishment. Without punishment, the might of Law cannot be manifested. Take this, Heavenly Punishment Seal!" "It's just a little enlightenment, but I've gained some insights."

Gu Chensha focused his mind and calmed his Qi. His fists were like lightning, expanding and contracting, and he didn't retreat at all. He suddenly attacked and took the attack head-on. The space-time turbulence caused a large number of spatial fragments to spin around.

If the shockwaves from their fight were in the Land of Infinity, it would be enough to destroy mountains and rivers, evaporate the oceans, and cause countless disasters.

A single move from an Immortal Realm expert could destroy the world, and cause landslides and tsunamis.

"Gu Chensha, die!"

After this punch, Fa Wuxian felt that Gu Chensha's strength could no longer cause any harm to him. He couldn't help but feel relieved, knowing that he had reached the Sage Realm. His World Energy was ten times more condensed, and with the support of the nomological laws, his Dao techniques and Dharmic Spells were raised to another level. His control over the Infinity Umbrella was also raised to another level.

The Infinity Umbrella was strengthened by his own sacrifice, and the energy within it gradually settled down.

"After I defeat Gu Chensha this time, I must learn from Jing Qiu and build an empire, gather the people, and carry out sacrifices." Fa Wuxian felt that he could not wait to build an empire. In the past, he didn't care about this, but now he knew the importance of this.

Gu Chensha's body dispersed and turned into a part of the Heavenly Dao, changing in the air. No matter how ferocious Fa Wuxian's fist technique was, it couldn't affect him at all. Bam! The punch missed.

Fa Wuxian turned around abruptly and saw Gu Chensha materializing behind him. He pointed a finger at him, and the power of the finger was concentrated on a single point. It sliced through the air, and the brilliant Light of Liberation gathered at the tip of the finger, causing Fa Wuxian to have the urge to immediately abandon everything and prostrate himself in worship.

"Buddhism, Great Liberation Finger."

Fa Wuxian's hands formed a circle. "This martial art is indeed a long-lost supreme dao, but it's a pity that it's still useless if you want to free me."

The finger entered the circle, and Fa Wuxian's body trembled, and it actually started to flow, trying to absorb Gu Chensha's power.

Gu Chensha's power gushed out, and immediately, an unfathomable profundity appeared in the world, as if all living things had appeared here. "Fa Wuxian, you were too lazy to build an empire in the past, and manage the people. Do you regret it now? If you had billions of people to worship and worship, the power of the Infinity Umbrella would be several times stronger. But that doesn't matter. If you don't have enough, I'll gather the people to worship and worship. Let me worship this Infinity Umbrella. " As he spoke, Gu Chensha's body dispersed again.

His body turned into a surging river, and the scenery of the Divine Prefecture appeared in the river. The ninety-nine prefectures of the Divine Prefecture, the mountains and rivers, the roads, the cities, the people, and the animals were all vivid in his eyes, as if they were real. No, it wasn't as if they were real. It was more accurate to say that they were real. Gu Chensha's understanding of the Divine Prefecture surpassed even that of the Xingqiong Clan.

Now that he had created a Divine Prefecture, and combined with the Heaven-Dao Magic's never-ending characteristic, the Divine Prefecture that Gu Chensha had created was actually closer to the real Divine Prefecture than it had ever been.

As soon as the Divine Prefecture appeared, the billions of people living within it were also manifested. In that moment, he was the Divine Prefecture, and the billions of people living within it. All of them were worshipping and worshipping the Infinity Umbrella. In the blink of an eye, the immense power of worship rushed into the Infinity Umbrella.

The Infinity Umbrella suddenly expanded, like an inflated balloon. Its power increased, and it seemed to be able to cover heaven and earth, evade the sun and moon, and become a complete entity of its own.

The Sun-Moon Lord Gu Chensha's worship could bring a Martial Saint back to life. From this, it could be seen how powerful the worship of people like him was.

The stronger the existence, the more powerful the worship. If it was a God-level expert's worship, it would be possible to see a green-colored heavenly pillar.

Ordinary people's worship, on the other hand, would be a faint gray aura. When gathered together, it would not be very strong.

The worship of a God-level expert was already this strong, let alone an existence like the Sun-Moon Lord. The Sun-Moon Lord's worship was even stronger than a Heavenly Venerate's, or even Tian Shou's.

For example, for primordial creatures like Wan Senshi and the Immortal Master, if they worshipped something, the power of worship would be earth-shattering. But it still could not bring a Sage back to life.

This was the result of countless experiments that Gu Chensha had conducted in the Lesser Divine Prefecture. Gu Chensha's research on the power of worship was very thorough. In terms of his nature, he was even stronger than the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Chensha.

Therefore, if he truly worshipped something, the power would be unimaginable. In the past, when his cultivation level was not high enough, he could directly inject his Heaven-Dao Magic into the Profound Gate of the Universe, and bring the fallen Sage Chang Yuzhou back to life.

If Gu Chensha became a God-level, or even a Sage, the resurrection time would be even longer, and it might even bring the Sage back to life completely.

This was also why it was so difficult for him to become a God-level expert. After he became a God-level expert, he would break the balance of the Heaven-Dao.

However, he had already accumulated enough. When he became a Martial Sage to become a Heavenly Venerate, he had already been reborn and entered a whole new realm. Now, he was fighting with Fa Wuxian for the final breakthrough. After Fa Wuxian became a Sage, he would be the best whetstone.

"You …" Fa Wuxian saw his Infinity Umbrella expand, but he was not happy at all. Instead, he felt fear. "You turned yourself into the Divine Prefecture, turned yourself into the people of the Divine Prefecture, and used them to worship my Infinity Umbrella to steal its power. No! No worship! Stop it! "

He saw the Infinity Umbrella grow bigger and bigger, and in the end, it was like a mountain, covering a huge space-time turbulence. In his heart, he knew that after Gu Chensha's worship, the Infinity Umbrella would be refined by Gu Chensha in the end.

Originally, after he became a Sage, even a Heavenly Venerate would not be able to kill him, and even a Heavenly Venerate would not be able to steal the Infinity Umbrella. However, in terms of essence, Gu Chensha's worship had completely surpassed Gu Chensha's.

This level of worship could already turn everything into nothingness, and create a universe for the people.

This way, he could forcibly refine the Infinity Umbrella, and resist the power of the Heavenly Realm.

With Gu Chensha's own cultivation base, he had also refined two god items. The first was the All-encompassing Destruction Staff. After refining it, he had extracted the root of the Titan God's power from it, which gave his own magic power immense power.

The second was the origin of the Buddhism Sect, the Jedu Bow and the Constant and Impermanence Double Arrows. A person, a bow, and two arrows, they formed the word 'Buddha'.

The bow and arrows fused with his body, allowing him to communicate with the Buddhist Sect's Paramita Golden Mountain, and finally, he could successfully use the power of the Paramita Golden Mountain. If he had not fused with the bow and arrows, he might not have been recognized by the Buddhist Sect.