Chapter 900
===========

Translator: EndlessFantasy Translation Editor: EndlessFantasy Translation Gu Chensha wasn't polite at all. He wanted to humiliate Long Xiangtian and crush his confidence. He wanted to plant the seed of failure in his heart. Once this seed of failure was planted, Long Xiangtian's fate energy would be suppressed and his fate energy would be transferred to himself.

For someone like Long Xiangtian, ever since he began his cultivation journey, everything had been smooth sailing. No matter what he encountered, he could always turn misfortune into fortune. Therefore, he believed that he would never fail and was truly an undefeatable person.

However, once a person like him fails, he would be met with a calamity. From then on, his fate energy would no longer belong to him.

For example, Gu Tiansha was the same. Ever since he began his cultivation journey, he was undefeatable. Sadly, after Gu Chensha stole one-tenth of his Origin Energy, he couldn't get back up again. He suffered setbacks everywhere he went and his cultivation went downhill.

Originally, Long Xiangtian's fate energy was stronger than Gu Chensha's and he shouldn't have declined so quickly. However, he couldn't stop Gu Chensha from taking drastic measures. Gu Chensha helped Long Xiangtian fight against the King of Earth and taught him the [Dragonless Heart Sutra] so that he could refine the Great Stone Wall. Theoretically speaking, Gu Chensha was consuming Long Xiangtian's fate energy, adding fuel to the fire. When Long Xiangtian reached his peak, he wouldn't be able to continue. Therefore, his fate energy began to decline.

"Long Xiangtian, Gu Tiansha is right. You're truly too foolish. You think you can refine the Great Stone Wall without me noticing? You've underestimated me, underestimated the ruler of the Divine Prefecture, and underestimated the heroes of the world."

Gu Chensha continued to taunt, "Everything you have was given to you by me. If I didn't help you, you would've been suppressed by the King of Earth a long time ago. Do you think you can escape from the King of Earth? Do you think you're smart?

In reality, you're just an idiot. Do you think you don't need any intelligence just because your fate energy is undefeatable?

I really can't imagine how someone as stupid as you could have been born. Now that you've lost a third of your Quintessence, your cultivation base has plummeted. Now, I'm going to completely refine you into my divine art. "

"Gu Chensha, you …" When Long Xiang Tian heard what Gu Chensha said, he was so angry that he wanted to kill Gu Chensha immediately. However, he knew that he couldn't do anything to Gu Chensha. In fact, he could feel that he had lost a third of his Origin. In other words, this third of his Origin would never come back. Puff!

Long Xiang Tian was so angry that he spat out a mouthful of blood. His entire body was in a state of exhaustion. Gu Chensha could see that Long Xiang Tian's fate energy had been greatly reduced, and the fate energy had been transferred to him.

His destiny increased abruptly, almost as if he had transcended all living things, breaking through the Dao and achieving nothingness. The Dragonless Heart Sutra received the transfer of this destiny, condensing into a clump, constantly changing, from words to the void, primal chaos, the universe, the galaxy, the mountains and rivers, the Heavenly Realm, the throne, and finally the hazy existence similar to the Heavenly Dao. This was Gu Chensha's strength. His Dragonless Heart Sutra could even absorb other people's fate energy.

Long Xiang Tian's strength had been greatly reduced, and his fate energy had been greatly reduced. In the future, it would be difficult for him to achieve anything great. However, Long Xiang Tian still had 70% of his Quintessence. Gu Chensha couldn't let anyone else obtain this fate energy.

Apart from this, Long Xiang Tian's fate energy was too great. Even if it was going downhill, there was still a chance for him to make a comeback.

If he had some sort of fortuitous encounter in the future, there was still a chance for him to make a comeback. Therefore, Gu Chensha definitely wouldn't let Long Xiang Tian make a comeback.

"Gu Chensha, very good. You actually dared to scheme against me. I will never be able to live under the same sky as you in this lifetime!"

Long Xiang Tian swore to the heavens, "Gu Chensha, now we should truly ally together. If we don't, I'm afraid we'll all die today." "Long Xiang Tian, if you knew this would happen, why did you do it in the first place?"

Gu Tiansha was filled with resentment towards Long Xiangtian. "If it wasn't for you being so arrogant and wanting to suppress us, we wouldn't have fallen to such a state. You're just a short-sighted junior, thinking that you're invincible. Actually, you've always been under Gu Chensha's control. You're even worse than us.

Now you know how foolish you are. Let me tell you, I will never ally with you. You're too unreliable. Gu Chensha, let's go. " At this moment.

Gu Chensha's body moved and fused with the Ancient Profound Sand. His entire body released a brilliant light and a wave of Origin Qi wrapped around his body. The Heaven Realm's will surged crazily and was about to leave this place.

He wasn't prepared to fight Gu Chensha, nor was he prepared to join forces with Long Xiangtian. This was because he knew that a person like Long Xiangtian wasn't reliable at all. Perhaps Long Xiangtian would devour him during the battle, allowing him to recover a step further. Now, he gave up on Long Xiang Tian and let him fight against Gu Chensha.

Moreover, he knew that even if he joined forces with Long Xiang Tian, he wouldn't be able to do anything to Gu Chensha. Especially since Gu Chensha had devoured a third of their source energy. When these source energy were gathered, it was enough to push Gu Chensha to an extremely terrifying realm, the strongest expert in the world.

"Want to run?"

Gu Chensha looked at the flickering light and knew that Gu Chensha and Gu Chensha wanted to escape. However, he didn't chase or stop them because he was aiming at Long Xiang Tian.

Long Xiang Tian saw Gu Chensha and Gu Chensha running away but he didn't dare to run because he knew that Gu Chensha had his eyes on him. If he moved, Gu Chensha would pounce on him and tear him to pieces.

In the blink of an eye, Gu Chensha and Gu Chensha were gone. Only Gu Chensha and Long Xiang Tian were left in the blazing sun of the Heaven Realm.

"Long Xiang Tian, I'll give you a chance to join me. If you're sincere, I can spare your life. How about it?

If you're stubborn, then don't blame me for being ruthless. I can only kill you and take your source energy. I'll make you destroy your true spirit. From now on, you won't be able to keep your soul. You'll disappear from the world and you won't be able to revive. "Gu Chensha said coldly. He was still giving Long Xiang Tian a chance.

"Gu Chensha, I admit that I failed this time. You're indeed my biggest enemy. Even the Emperor Of Heaven is afraid of you. However, if you think that you can kill me so easily, then you're dreaming. Although I failed once, I've understood some secrets. I've seen my future and destiny. It's true that I lost my source energy but my destiny hasn't run out yet. You can't kill me!

"Furthermore, you still haven't completely refined our Essences. Before you do that, your power will drop. Furthermore, you've also absorbed a portion of my destiny. It will take a very long time for that destiny to completely fuse with you. That's why you're only putting on a strong front right now. You're just trying to scare me."

Long Xiang Tian calmed down. It was as though this setback was a form of cultivation for him. It allowed him to see himself clearly, and he became even calmer. "Furthermore, I have a chance to turn the situation around. Even though you made me refine the Great Rock Wall, I have already refined the Great Rock Wall into my doppelganger. What do you think will happen? Will it affect the Divine Continent? " "Really? Do you really think that you've refined the Great Rock Wall?

As the saying goes, what's true is false. "Gu Chensha shook his head." If you don't believe me, why don't you try controlling the Great Rock Wall? " As expected, Long Xiang Tian's expression changed. He couldn't control the Great Rock Wall anymore.

However, his expression soon returned to normal. "Gu Chensha, you're amazing. You actually managed to confuse me. I thought that I had refined the Great Stone Wall, but in reality, I haven't completely refined it. I was completely bewitched by you. However, you've forgotten one thing. If I submit to the Sky Emperor now, the Sky Emperor will immediately sense it and help me escape from the threat. He might even borrow my power to invade the Great Stone Wall. At that time, will you be able to control the situation?"

"You've grasped the crux of the matter. You should know how powerful the Emperor Of Heaven is, and how arrogant your previous thoughts were."

Gu Chensha didn't care. He was still observing Long Xiang Tian's fate energy. It was true that Long Xiang Tian's fate energy hadn't run out yet. If he forcefully attacked, there might be an unpredictable change. However, he wasn't afraid of it. He wanted to see what the change was.

"I've indeed comprehended it. It won't happen again, but my cultivation has improved because of it …" Long Xiang Tian wanted to say how he could escape from Gu Chensha's clutches. Buzz … However, before he could finish speaking, Gu Chensha attacked.

The moment Gu Chensha attacked, a power seemed to descend from the blazing sun in the Heaven Realm, causing the entire space to collapse. The moment the space collapsed, a power that could destroy all living things surged out and hit Long Xiangtian. Wah!

Long Xiang Tian spat out another mouthful of blood. His blood wasn't the blood of a normal person. It was a type of life essence that was scattered. This meant that he couldn't control the life essence in his body.

"Gu Chensha, how dare you sneak attack me!" Long Xiang Tian roared.

"Sneak attack?

Today, I want to see what kind of change your fate energy can create. How can you turn calamities into blessings? "

Gu Chensha unleashed his Dragonless Heart Magic, which was capable of countless transformations. It flickered incessantly as Dragon Xiangtian was completely enveloped by the Dragonless Heart Magic. If nothing unexpected happened, Long Xiang Tian wouldn't be able to escape. However, something unexpected happened.

In the depths of the blazing sun in the Heavenly World, it was as though some kind of energy was triggered. A pure energy seeped into Long Xiangtian's body. Then, the blazing sun in the Heavenly World disappeared completely. The entire sun disappeared from the sky just like that. The power of the sun shrunk, condensed and disappeared into Long Xiang Tian's body.

At this moment, everyone in the Heaven World looked up at the sky. The sky darkened because the eternal sun had disappeared. From then on, the Heaven World was filled with darkness. 。