Chapter 632
===========

"In front of Big Sister, God Destroying is just a joke. God Destroying is only ranked fifth under the three Sky Venerables. Big Sister is first." Dou Nineteen smiled.

"I am just first in battle." Dou Yiyu's real name was Dou Yiyu. She was the eldest daughter of Sky Venerable Victory. She was first under the three Sky Venerables. Dou Yiyu's gaze was deep, "Yuan Shang under Sky Venerable Yuan Gu is first in divination.

Although he is weaker than me in battle, I can't do anything to him. As for Pu Tuo's Pu Zi, he is first in luck.

The three of us can't do anything to each other. In terms of combat strength, I am naturally first, but in this world, combat is not the deciding factor. " "I wonder why a treasure like the Clear Turbid Axe is given to God Destroying?"

Dou Nineteen was still thinking about it, "Logically speaking, Big Sister is first in battle. With this axe, she can kill gods and no one is her match. Can it use its true power in God Destroying's hands?"

"Actually, with my current cultivation, I am the top person below Ascendant Realm. Even if that Anomaly Chang Weiyang reached Dao Realm 36 Transformations and peak Embodiment Transformation, if I fought her one on one, I could defeat her."

Dou Yiyu's tone was shocking, "So, it doesn't matter if I have the Clear Turbid Axe or not. Moreover, God Destroying has his own opportunities. With this axe in his hands, it can absorb enough energy to evolve once more. When that happens, it will be much easier to split open the chaos and open a kingdom within it.

However, I will take it back sooner or later. As long as Sky Venerable Yuan Gu and Pu Tuo don't say anything, no one can go against me. "

"Big Sister, now that Wan Senshi created this Alliance and is suppressing God Destroying, it is obvious that he is going against us. Do we really have no way to deal with him?" Dou Nineteen's tone was filled with reluctance.

"Wan Senshi is the most ancient existence. When he was invincible, even Father wasn't born. From this, one can see how terrifying he is."

Dou Yiyu said, "We are no match for him, but if he wants to save the world, it won't be so easy. There are many obstacles and tribulations. I am afraid he will die."

"If this person dies, then there will be endless benefits. However, if this person is so powerful, it will be very easy for him to destroy the Calm Immortal Department," Dou Nineteen said.

"The Calm Immortal Department has risen to a dimensional realm, so destroying it won't be easy at all. Of course, if they were ruthless enough, they could still destroy it. But, what Wan Senshi fears is the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor.

From a certain point of view, the Heavenly Talisman Grand Thearch is not a living being. Wan Senshi is no match for him. "

Dou Yiyu said, "Although this emperor is our enemy, I still admire him. It's a pity that I didn't get to witness his glory." "Big sister, what should we do now?

Right now, the Central Divine Prefecture was full of fortuitous encounters. If they didn't go in and search for them, they wouldn't be able to disrupt Wan Senshi's plans.

But, this person is really invincible. He directly captured Yuhuan Lu and declared war on the Calm Immortal Department. I wonder how they will fight back. "There was a hint of excitement in Dou Nineteen's voice. He couldn't wait for Wan Senshi to go to war with the Calm Immortal Department."

"The Calm Immortal Department will either fight back, or that Gu Chensha will disguise himself and sneak into the Alliance of Myriad Immortals to stir up trouble. Who knows, he might even be observing the New Divine Prefecture right now." Dou Yiyu smiled. "But, we won't be able to find him among them." "Is there no way to break the Heavenly Dao?"

Dou Nineteen said. "If there's no way to break it, then this person will lurk around and wreak havoc. No one will be able to do anything to him. Wouldn't that make him invincible?"

"That's right. Being invincible isn't necessarily true, but it's almost impossible to completely kill him. Otherwise, it wouldn't be a Heavenly Dao."

Dou Yiyu said, "But in the future, the Heavenly Dao will change, and a whole new variable will be born. That might not necessarily be the case. Fortunately, he hasn't achieved climate yet, so he's easy to deal with. If he does, even I won't be a match for him.

Fortunately, if Wan Senshi completes the Great Sacrificial Rite of Salvation, the Heavenly Dao will be perfected, and the Heavenly Dao will naturally not be born. The reason why this Gu Chensha has cultivated the Heavenly Dao is very simple. It's because the Heavenly Dao has fallen, and a huge flaw has appeared. It's just like the collapse of the imperial court. No one knows how many people will be crowned as emperors or kings. It's even possible that someone will cultivate the Heavenly Dao in the future. "

"Big Sis, come to think of it, let Gu Chensha and Wan Senshi fight it out, and we'll just sit back and reap the benefits. That's the best."

Dou Nineteen said, "My cultivation base is rather low. I'm still at the Dao Realm's Twenty-Seven Transformations, Seamless of Two Realms. It's very difficult for me to break through and become a Deity. But if I can become a True God, I'll be able to break through again and again." "Don't worry, I'll help you seize the position of true god," Dou Yiyu said.

"Look, this person is called the Loose Cultivator Drifting Void. I've already secretly used the Aura Divination Art, and I can see that his fortune is very strong, like a flood. He's bound to have great fortune. I'll find a few more people like him and gather their fortune together. Then, I'll use a secret art to steal their fortune.

Once it's gathered on you, you'll trigger the great fortune of heaven and earth, and you'll be able to obtain a true god-level treasure. "

"No wonder you're doing this, Big Sis. I didn't understand," Dou Nineteen said. "Now I do. Big Sis, you have unfathomable power." "Don't try to curry favor with me," Dou Yiyu said.

"I've found a few people with such fortune, and I'll trick them into going to the Central Divine Prefecture. We can also see what the Dharma Saint will do next. "

"The Dharma Saint has obtained the position of true god, and he's now working hard to cultivate it, fusing it into his own world, and then becoming a medium-class god. He'll also borrow the power of the Heavenly Sacrifice Talisman to suppress his vital energy, and in the process, Wu Dangkong will benefit greatly."

Dou Yiyu said, "However, if my guess is correct, there's no way Wan Senshi will let the Dharma Saint cultivate a medium-class world. We can just sit back and watch the tigers fight, and the Bureau of Tranquility will also intervene. It'll be a good show."

"It really will be a good show, and the demons will also take advantage of this opportunity," Dou Nineteen said. "I really want to seize the position of true god." "That'll depend on luck and fortune," Dou Yiyu said.

"Right, you can go take a look at the chess pieces you've set up before. It seems that Wan Senshi has also set up a trap on Jing Fanxing." "Is that so?

To think that Wan Senshi would actually set up a trap on this piece of trash. What a waste. Back then, I nurtured this kid to annoy the Bureau of Tranquility, and now he's unintentionally succeeded? "Dou Nineteen said," How did Big Sister know? " "Of course it was Jing Qiu who informed me," Dou Yiyu said with a smile.

Dou Yi Yu said with a smile, "That Jing Qiu is quite a character. Don't underestimate him. He will become a god sooner or later. Moreover, the luck on his body will be very difficult to comprehend. Moreover, this person has benefited greatly from both sides."

"Jing Qiu is indeed powerful. Even I lost to him, and I didn't expect him to form a relationship with Big Sister."

Dou Nineteen thought back to the day when he'd tried to snatch the Myrtle Imperial Star from Jing Qiu's hands, but had been defeated by Jing Qiu. Jing Qiu's endless methods and daoist techniques had shocked him.

"Don't go against this person. There's no point. This person will probably be taken as a disciple by Father," Dou Yiyu said.

Dou Yiyu said, "Of course, he is now assisting the Warlock Saint in training his medium dimension. It is even more likely that he has been roped in by Immortal Master Wan or another powerful existence." "I won't cause trouble for this person." Dou Nineteen obeyed obediently. In front of Dou Yiyu, he was an obedient baby.

Dou Nineteen and Dou Yiyu had used their illusions to confuse Gu Chensha, and the two of them had conversed as though no one else was around. Who would have guessed that Gu Chensha would overhear everything?

"Impressive. This Dou Yiyu is really impressive. Wan Senshi actually found Jing Fanxing? And even nurtured this kid? If I hadn't caught this giant while fishing, I would have forgotten about this kid. "

Gu Chensha's expression did not change. He had never taken Jing Fanxing to heart. Right now, his main focus was on dealing with the giants. Why would he care about these small fries? Dou Yiyu was a true giant. She was the strongest among the three Celestial Venerables. She had even claimed that she could defeat Chang Weiyang. What did that mean?

Of course, Gu Chensha knew that now that Zhuge Ya had imparted the true essence of the Dharma Saint to Chang Weiyang, what level had Chang Weiyang's cultivation reached?

Even Gu Chensha couldn't guess. Moreover, even if Chang Weiyang hadn't obtained the essence of the Dharma Saint, she might not necessarily lose in a fight against Dou Yiyu as she had said. Dou Yiyu had really overestimated herself. The environment changed. Dou Yiyu and Dou Nineteen resumed their disguises. Dou Nineteen was still "Mie Chenzi". Gu Chensha pretended not to know. His imitation was practically flawless.

"Brother Liuxu, let's go. Shall we go to the Central Plains and try our luck now? Some other fellow daoists have come here as well, "Dou Yiyu suddenly said. Whoosh whoosh whoosh! At this time, a few more cultivators descended. Surprisingly, Gu Chensha knew one of them. It was a young man, Ling Shaofei.

The reincarnated Spirit Star and Flying Star had fused together, and he had obtained a magical treasure from the grotto-heaven of Mount Fugui.

This person's fortune was extremely strong, almost as if he had the will of the heavens. And yet, he had also been roped in by Dou Yiyu.

Ling Shaofei had always been a loner, not cooperating with anyone, and had never joined the Alliance of Myriad Immortals. But now, he had been roped in by Dou Yiyu. The other cultivators also had strong fortunes, and it was a mystery how Dou Yiyu had found them.

Dou Yiyu's strength was unfathomable, and it was not strange for her to do anything. Gu Chensha decided to follow the woman and see what kind of plan she had. Perhaps, by combining the fortunes of these people, they could actually lead to some great fortuitous encounter. If he could take more, he would be able to increase his strength quite a bit.

Ling Shaofei's cultivation had progressed rapidly, and he had now reached the twenty-five transformations of the Immortal Body. It seemed that he had encountered some sort of fortuitous encounter.

For someone like him, a reincarnated star, he could probably run into treasures in the midst of a great tribulation.