Chapter 875
===========

One Second to Remember 09, providing you with exciting reading. Chapter 872: Show Up

The transparent man appeared in front of Gao Yuanxin and said that Gao Yuanxin was the Inexhaustible Eye and wanted to take him away. [0↑ 9 △ Small ↓ Say △ Net .09 】 Gao Yuanxin was stunned at first, and then a look of joy appeared on his face. "Who is this friend? I feel a very familiar feeling from you, and I can see that you are not an enemy. "

"Of course I am not your enemy, but your savior. You are the reincarnation of the Inexhaustible Eye, and now you are in an extremely dangerous situation because Gu Chensha of the Dragonless Cabinet has collected more than 20 Inexhaustible Treasures. His ambition is to collect all the Inexhaustible Treasures, open the gate to the Heavenly Realm, and then seize the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven.

And if he finds you, he will definitely take your Inexhaustible Treasures immediately, and then demote you to a mortal, making your life worse than death. " The transparent man in the robe was very friendly to Gao Yuanxin.

"I know that the Dragonless Cabinet, the former Calming Fairy Department, has collected a lot of Inexhaustible Treasures, and there is a lot of news about it. But they advertise that whether it is the reincarnation of Inexhaustible Treasures or the reincarnation of stars, they are all bound by fate, and must give up these to cultivate to the highest level," Gao Yuanxin said doubtfully.

"I am Heavenly King Dong Hua."

The transparent man in the robe said, "As long as you are saved by me, at least Gu Chensha will have one less Inexhaustible Treasure to collect. At that time, his plan will be delayed, and we will have more time to arrange and prepare.

You can also see that now the Heavenly Way has shrunk, and all the power is gathered on the Emperor Of Heaven. The Myriad World is no longer under supervision, and people's cultivation will be different every day. In a few years, the Divine Prefecture will be full of masters, and naturally they will not believe the Dragonless Cabinet, and their court will collapse on its own. At that time, the Emperor Of Heaven will appear again, and he can easily suppress them. " "So it is Heavenly King Dong Hua."

Gao Yuanxin dropped to his knees. "Greetings, milord. I am the reincarnation of Infinity Treasure. When the Heavenly Court is established, I will be an official of the Heavenly Court, one of the thirty-six generals who will guard the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven. They are under Master's jurisdiction. "

"It seems that you are not bad," Donghua Sky King said. "You immediately understood your identity and mission. You are much more clear-headed than some of the other reincarnations of Endless Treasures. Those people betrayed their mission, and it will be difficult for them to die even if they wanted to. They will fall into hell forever, enduring endless pain and torture for millions of years."

"Heavenly King, you have to be careful. The Dragon-less Cabinet is extremely powerful, especially Gu Chensha. He even devoured the School of Jin's Heavenly King and recruited the Disciplinary Heavenly King as his subordinate. If they notice you, I'm afraid they'll try to kill you," Gao Yuanxin hurriedly warned.

"That's right. Gu Chensha has been looking for us all this time, but his current strength is still lacking. How can he find where I am?"

Heavenly King Dong Hua sneered. "This guy is powerful. I know that he is about to take my Hongmeng Tree, but that is just wishful thinking. Alright, come with me.

Now that you are in the Divine Prefecture, you will be in great danger if you stay even a breath longer. " "What about the other reincarnations of Infinity Treasures?"

Gao Yuanxin said, "I can't let these brothers fall into the hands of Gu Chensha. Otherwise, his tyrannical power will only grow. If he finds the throne of the Emperor Of Heaven, then there will be no hope in the future. Everyone in the world will truly fall into a situation of certain death. They will be fooled and fooled by him, believing in his idea that everyone is an anomaly and that everyone can transcend. In the end, it will lead to the collapse of the world, and there will be no order."

"Yes, the world itself should be divided into many levels. Only with many levels will there be the existence of desire, and only with desire will there be progress, pushing the Heavenly Path forward as a whole. But Gu Chensha's idea is nothing more than destruction. In the end, everyone will welcome their own destruction."

Heavenly King Dong Hua rolled up his sleeves and swept Gao Yuanxin up. Then, he quietly left the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds.

In the next moment, they came to an extremely remote place in the Heavenly Realm. This place was filled with ancient stone mountains, and not even a blade of grass grew. Every stone was extremely huge, and the stone itself was the color of green jade. It was an extremely precious and supreme jade. [0↑ 9 △ Small ↓ Say △ Net .09 】 At a glance, this place was filled with such jade mountains, almost endless and boundless.

"The jade here!"

Gao Yuanxin was stunned. "Every piece of jade here is priceless. I have never seen such beautiful jade. For example, the jade sold by the Calming Deity Department is much more precious." "This is the Chaos Precious Jade refined from the chaos."

Heavenly King Dong Hua said, "Your cultivation is extremely shallow right now. You haven't even cultivated your spiritual power, and you don't even know that you have the Endless Eye. If I didn't enlighten you, you would still be in danger.

However, I will help you quickly improve your cultivation. It is very easy to cultivate now. With my help, you can quickly cultivate to the Celestial Lord Realm, or even Celestial Life Realm, or even Celestial Origin Realm. " "Really?

I am now at the level of Big and Small Transformation of Dao Realm. I haven't broken through to the level of 20.

Gao Yuanxin said, "If I can cultivate to the God Realm, it will be a huge extravagant hope. I can actually cultivate to the Celestial Lord Realm?" "Of course. The Celestial Lord Realm was very difficult in the past, but it is much easier now."

Heavenly King Dong Hua said, "I will now teach you an extremely powerful technique called the Celestial Court Ruling Human Spell. Man is the spirit of all things, and the human heart is unpredictable. This technique controls the human heart and makes it conform to the Heavenly Path. It is extremely perfect. After cultivating this technique, your progress will be very fast." "Really? Celestial Court Ruling Human Spell? "

Just at that moment, a voice rang out, "This technique is quite interesting. It was comprehended by the Emperor Of Heaven, right? He has already appeared and is still hiding in the future. I didn't predict the birth of this technique. It seems like the future has changed." "Who!?"

Heavenly King Dong Hua shuddered. He turned around and saw a young man dressed in luxurious clothes. He was carefree, and he could do whatever he wanted.

"Gu Chensha."

Gu Chensha looked at Heavenly King Dong Hua. "As expected, you have infiltrated our Calming Immortal Department. If I am not wrong, you should be someone called Meng Xing. You had a rather high position in the original Calming Immortal Department. You were one of the people in charge of the Wildlands Chamber of Commerce. You were in charge of contacting the demons, purchasing their treasures, and exporting all sorts of pills, treasures, weapons, and armor to the Calming Immortal Department.

In the Wildlands, there were many Demonic Beasts. Over the years, they had been attacking humans. Thus, the original Calming Immortal Bureau had formulated a series of methods to divide the Demonic Beasts. They had instigated wars among the Demonic Beasts and supported factions among the Demonic Beasts to fight against each other. During the battles, the strength of the Demonic Beasts would constantly weaken. Then, they would plunder the resources of the Demonic Beasts, causing the Demonic Beasts to run out of resources. In the end, they could only rely on humans.

There was an organization in the Calming Immortal Department that specialized in studying and dealing with the demons. One of them, Meng Xing, was very talented and had made many contributions to the Calming Immortal Department. Now, it seemed that this person was actually a substitute for Heavenly King Dong Hua.

"Gu Chensha, you actually found this place after all."

The transparent man in the long robe, Heavenly King Dong Hua, calmed down. Immediately, he knew that he was in great danger. He did not think that he could deal with Gu Chensha. He was well aware of Gu Chensha's current cultivation. Even if the Nine Heavenly Kings gathered together at their peak, and the Lord of the Sun and Moon were at their peak, they would not be able to deal with the current Gu Chensha.

After becoming a Celestial Lord, Gu Chensha was already an invincible existence, apart from the Emperor Heaven.

If it were not for Gu Chensha, the current Yongchō and the Dragonless Cabinet would have long been destroyed.

There was no way to control the situation. Unknowingly, Gu Chensha already had the embryonic form and power of the Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor.

"Heavenly King Dong Hua, are you going to surrender without a fight, or do you want me to do it?

As for you, Gao Yuanxin, I will not blame you for insulting the imperial court. But you are also trying to stir up chaos in the world, following the remnants of the future Heavenly Court to create chaos. I cannot tolerate you, "Gu Chensha said, looking at Gao Yuanxin.

"You Yongchō are the remnants, defying the heavens and rebelling against the dao. In the future, when the Heavenly Court is established, the myriad realms will usher in order, live in harmony, and finally enjoy a long period of peace."

At this time, Gao Yuanxin made up his mind. He was not afraid of Gu Chensha at all. "Your imperial court, the Celestial Tranquility Department, the Dragonless Cabinet, are the real rebels and remnants. Now, I want to set things right with the officials of the Heavenly Court, so that you can no longer bewitch the hearts of the people and cause trouble here."

"The winner takes all, and the loser takes all. It is meaningless to say who is the remnant, who is defying the heavens and rebelling against the dao."

Gu Chensha was very patient. "Heavenly King Dong Hua, the Divine Prefecture has been suppressed by me, and the Heavenly Court cannot rise. What can you do?

In my opinion, why don't you go back and inform the Celestial Thearch to come out and fight with me? If he loses, he will naturally be devoured by me. Then, I will win. You are all remnants of the Celestial Thearch. If I lose, all the victory belongs to you. How about it? This way, it is simple and clear. " "Don't worry, the Emperor Of Heaven will come out and fight you sooner or later."

Heavenly King Dong Hua laughed coldly. "But not now. You have also discovered that you are not in a good position. As time passes, your control over the Divine Prefecture will become weaker and weaker. In the end, you will be deserted by everyone, and your power will also become weaker and weaker. At that time, the Emperor Of Heaven will come out to deal with you.

Right now, the Emperor Of Heaven does not want to deal with you. He has more important things to do, and that is to kill Gu Taxian, or to let the Heavenly Dao devour Gu Taxian. As for you, you will die by yourself. You will not be taken seriously by the Emperor Of Heaven. " "Very well."

Gu Chensha nodded. "If that is the case, then I will reduce all the remaining heavenly kings to mortals and seize their source. Let's see if he can still hold back and not come out to be a turtle hiding in its shell." Mobile users, please browse M. Read for a better reading experience.