Chapter 974
===========

"Human Ancestor?"

Hearing this word, Zhang Ziran's heart was in turmoil. No matter how high his cultivation was, he couldn't help but be overwhelmed with emotions.

"That's right, Human Ancestor."

Gu Huasha said, "That Hong Ling Sha asked for the identity of the Taoist Ancestor, so why can't you become a Human Ancestor? Your status is the same as the Taoist Ancestor. Even the Emperor Of Heaven can't control you. The Emperor Of Heaven actually made a fatal mistake. The mouth of the Taoist Ancestor can't be opened. Once it is opened, anyone can become an ancestor. You can too. " "You can help me cultivate the Dragonless Cultivation Method?"

Zhang Ziran didn't believe it, "The Dragonless Cultivation Method needs to be comprehended by chance. Even the founder Gu Chensha couldn't do this. If you can do it, then wouldn't you be even more powerful than Gu Chensha? " "In any case, it's up to you whether you believe it or not."

Gu Huasha didn't explain, "There aren't many paths you can choose now. In fact, there is only one. The path I chose for you is in line with your path. You are the Dao of the human world. That's why I gave you Human Ancestor.

This is where I am more powerful than Gu Chensha. If you rely on Gu Chensha, you won't be able to obtain the identity of Human Ancestor. If you rely on the Emperor Of Heaven, there's no need to talk about it. Emperor Of Heaven will even kill the Taoist Ancestor in the end. "

"Your breadth of mind is indeed something that Gu Chensha can't compare to. If Gu Chensha let me directly obtain the human world, I wouldn't have gone to rely on the Emperor Of Heaven. Human Ancestor, that's a good word. If there's a Taoist Ancestor, then there's definitely a Human Ancestor."

Zhang Ziran made up his mind: "However, I'm not someone who won't release the eagle until I see the rabbit. First, let me practice the Dragonless Heart Sutra. Moreover, you definitely want some benefits. Tell me, what benefits do you want? I can see that you have already thoroughly practiced the Dragonless Heart Sutra. However, your days are not good either. That Gu Chensha thinks that you are the true body of the Emperor Of Heaven. " "Don't worry about him. What do I need?

After you become the human ancestor, the human world will become independent and will no longer be under the jurisdiction of the Heaven Court. After you unify the human world and develop the true Dao of Man, I want half of the sacrifices in the human world. "Gu Huasha said.

"As you wish, we can sign a contract. But my cultivation base isn't enough for me to break free from the Emperor Of Heaven's control. Becoming the Human Ancestor is easier said than done. Why don't you let me cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra right now?

As long as the Dragonless Heart Sutra is truly mastered, we will immediately start the plan. "Zhang Ziran began to take the initiative.

"No rush, no rush."

Gu Huasha said, "Mastering the Dragonless Heart Sutra isn't something that can be done in a day. Now, I will teach you the profound secrets, and I will be in the human world's imperial palace. Even if the Emperor Of Heaven wants to demote you, I am afraid it won't be easy. I will be your backing, and you can boldly carry out the reform. You can even expel some gods and separate the divine power from the imperial power. This way, the divine power will not be able to threaten the imperial power. In this way, you can abandon the Heaven Court and further expand the human world's influence. I want to see what the Emperor Of Heaven can do to you."

"You want to help me fight against the Emperor Of Heaven?" Zhang Ziran didn't believe him, "What if you run away halfway?"

"Why would I want to harm you? If you are killed by the Emperor Of Heaven, what good would that do to me?

If you are still alive, we can work together to strengthen the human world. "Gu Huasha said," Besides, if you don't promise me, do you think the Emperor Of Heaven will let you go? If my guess is correct, the Emperor Of Heaven will make a move against you soon. " "The Heavenly Decree has arrived. Zhang Ziran, receive the decree!"

While Gu Huasha was speaking, a loud and clear voice suddenly resounded throughout the imperial palace.

"As expected, the Heavenly Court's decree has arrived."

Zhang Ziran stood up and went to the imperial palace. This palace wasn't the imperial court's main hall, but a hall for offering sacrifices to the Heavens.

At this time, the Heaven Offering Hall shone brightly, and the image of the Dharma Saint appeared in the middle of the light.

"So the Heavenly King of Reform has graced us with his presence." Zhang Ziran hurriedly bowed.

"This decree is extremely important, so the Emperor Of Heaven asked me to come personally to pass on the decree."

The Dharma Saint looked at Zhang Ziran with an expressionless face, and without any pleasantries, he said, "Now, receive the decree."

As he spoke, the Dharma Saint began to read the decree, "The Lord of the human world, Zhang Ziran, has opened up the human world and has made great contributions. He should be rewarded. Quickly enter the Heavenly Court and be given an official position. The Heavenly King of Reform will choose another Emperor to manage the human world." "I'm going to heaven now?"

Zhang Ziran was stunned. He understood the meaning of this. The Heavenly Court wouldn't allow him to continue managing the human world, and the Dharma Saint would choose another Emperor. "Then what about my family? What should I do with my sons and descendants?" "Don't worry, I will make arrangements for them."

The Dharma Saint said, "Now that the human world has settled down and there are no more loopholes, the Heavenly Court will restructure the human world, so you have to consider the big picture. Moreover, with your cultivation, it isn't good for you to stay in the human world for a long time as it will affect the Heavenly Court's authority. Think about it, in the human world, there isn't anyone above Dao Realm 20. What realm are you at? Heaven Essence Realm.

Moreover, you are thousands of times stronger than normal Heaven Essence Realm experts. With someone like you in the human world, won't people respect you and weaken the Heavenly Court's authority?

The longer you stay, the deeper your sins will be. Now that the Emperor Of Heaven is protecting you, you should be thanking him for letting you enjoy immortality in the Heavenly Court. After you receive the decree, follow me to the heavens. " "So fast?"

Zhang Ziran was shocked, "After I receive the decree, I need to explain things to the officials and my sons."

"No need, I will deal with these things." The Dharma Saint said, "Quickly go to the heavens, the Emperor Of Heaven will give you a good position." "Then, if I do this, I will be missing? It will cause chaos in the court and the people will be unstable. "

Zhang Ziran tried to delay time. He knew that the Emperor Of Heaven would attack him after he stabilized the situation, but he didn't expect it to be so fast. He hadn't even finished discussing with Gu Huasha and the Emperor Of Heaven had already attacked. Moreover, he summoned him so urgently. If he went to the Heavenly Court, he would definitely be doomed.

"No need." The Dharma Saint said, "Even if the human world is in chaos, how far can it go? There are gods everywhere and the people who obtained the mutated source have been cleaned up. If I interfere and choose a new emperor, do you think I won't be able to suppress it? Let's depart quickly. " Seeing that Zhang Ziran still didn't move, the Dharma Saint suddenly showed killing intent, "What? Zhang Ziran, you dare to defy the decree? "

"Dharma Saint, your cultivation …" Zhang Ziran was shocked to find that the Dharma Saint's cultivation was almost unfathomable. If he fought with the Dharma Saint now, he might not have the slightest chance of winning.

"Zhang Ziran, if you dare to defy the decree, even if you use the power of the human world, I can still capture and suppress you."

The Dharma Saint said, "The human world is completely controlled by the Heavenly Court. You can't use much of the power of the human world.

You are dilly-dallying now. In your heart, you already have the idea of betraying the Heavenly Court. Just this point, I can completely capture you. "

"Dharma Saint, I know that if I follow you to the Heavenly Court, even if I get a temporary position, I will definitely not have a good ending.

The Emperor Of Heaven will definitely take advantage of some of my loopholes, deprive me of my cultivation, and send me into reincarnation. From then on, I will be consigned to eternal damnation, right? But if the Emperor Of Heaven treats me like this, sooner or later, he will do the same to you. You have to think clearly. "Zhang Ziran said.

"Zhang Ziran, your sins are grave." The Dharma Saint shouted, "But I don't care about this. Quickly accept the decree and go to the Heavens."

"Dharma Saint, I am the master of the human world. If there is a merit in the human world, I can accept the decree. But I want to ask the Emperor Of Heaven for a reward. "Zhang Ziran said.

"What reward?" The Dharma Saint's killing intent rose, but he calmed down. He wanted to hear what Zhang Ziran wanted to say.

"The Emperor Of Heaven recognized that Hong Ling Sha as the Taoist Ancestor. I, Zhang Ziran, am not talented, but I am proficient in the Dao of the human world.

I hope to be conferred the title of Human Ancestor. "At this time, Zhang Ziran was definitely not willing to wait for death.

"What? Human Ancestor? "

The Dharma Saint's body surged with power. "Zhang Ziran, how dare you call yourself an ancestor. Are you trying to rebel?" "Dharma Saint, don't be so agitated."

Zhang Ziran was a peerless hero. The more he thought about it, the calmer he became. "The Emperor Of Heaven has already given us a chance. Also, don't you want to be the Spell Ancestor?

I remember that when you were in the Divine Continent of the Heaven Realm, you once told people that your dream was to be the teacher of the Emperor Of Heaven.

Right now, you are just a subject. If you become the Spell Ancestor, it will be completely different. You will be the ancestor of all laws. " "Spell Ancestor!"

When the Dharma Saint heard this word, his heart throbbed. Indeed, Hong Ling Sha becoming the Taoist Ancestor was beyond many people's expectations. Deep in his heart, he was extremely dissatisfied. There could not be two suns in the sky, and people could not have two masters. This was a great blow to his Dao of Law. However, he could not fight against the Emperor Of Heaven.

However, the law was most afraid of the first opening. Once this opening was opened, it would be out of control.

As soon as the word Spell Ancestor came out, it was immediately planted in his heart. Sooner or later, it would take root and sprout.

However, it was impossible for him to show mercy just because of Zhang Ziran's words. He knew that the Emperor Of Heaven meant to deal with Zhang Ziran. This was a clear matter. The human world no longer needed a master with too much prestige and cultivation to compete for glory with the Heavenly Court. Zhang Ziran had to be dealt with.

"Zhang Ziran, no matter how glib your tongue is, it is useless."

The Dharma Saint said, "You want to be the ancestor of the human world. This is disgraceful. Since you are unwilling to obey the imperial edict and disrespect the imperial edict, don't blame me. Capture him! "

Inscriptions of Law appeared on the Dharma Saint's body. These inscriptions gathered together and formed a rope that wrapped around Zhang Ziran.

"Dharma Saint, how dare you!"

Zhang Ziran quickly mobilized the power of the human world, but it was useless. The Dharma Saint's current strength was actually far above his.