Chapter 16
==========

It was recorded in the history books that when a treasure was unearthed, a brilliant radiance would traverse the vast sky.

Gu Chensha's spirit was roused. He executed his movement technique and moved as fast as a bird, shuttling and leaping through the forest. Very quickly, he advanced another fifty to sixty li and arrived at an even deeper part of the mountain.

"Why is there the smell of blood?"

The strong wind blew over a dense smell of blood. Gu Chensha stopped. Not far away, there was a cave. There were actually torches swaying and shadows flickering. There were corpses on the ground. All of them were dressed in black, even their heads were wrapped up. They had cat-like bodies and were holding shiny curved blades in their hands.

Clear patterns could be seen on the curved blades. It was a special cold steel that had been forged and folded over thousands of times. It could chop people like tofu, and the slightest movement would cause their heads to fall.

There were at least dozens of black-clothed men surrounding the valley. There were even dozens of them dead on the ground. Fresh blood dyed the snow in the cave red.

In the middle of the valley sat a woman. She wore a white fox fur coat, but her body was already stained with blood.

"Young Island Lord, you are at your wit's end.

That strike just now even consumed the last of your Myriad Sword Talisman. After killing so many of our experts, can you still move now? "

A few of the black-clothed men's leaders pressed forward, but they didn't dare to approach. They were afraid that this woman still had the ability to counterattack.

"You all betrayed me."

The fox fur coat woman's lips were pale, but her tone was still extremely dignified. "What benefits did that Gu Hengsha give you? You were willing to be insiders and betray my Dragon Sword Island. Aren't you afraid that the overseas islands will hunt you down after finding out? "

"Young Island Lord, you also know the current situation. The Great Yong Dynasty is like the sun in the sky. The Great Emperor of Heavenly Talismans can slaughter gods. The overseas islands will fall into the hands of the imperial court sooner or later. You all are resisting stubbornly, but only death awaits you.

You might as well sell it for a good price. My lord is the head of the many princes and has an illustrious reputation. He commands an army of millions and is a good master. I think Young Island Lord shouldn't be so stubborn. Obediently return with us and become my twenty concubines. "The leader of the black-clothed men spoke while observing if this young island lord had truly lost her ability to fight.

"So it's someone from the overseas islands? It's even related to Boss Gu Hengsha. "Gu Chensha heard it clearly and thought to himself.

The Crown Prince Gu Hengsha was a heaven-shaking, earth-shattering character in the royal clan. As the leader of the many princes, his martial arts were unfathomably deep and he had long since broken through to the Dao Realm. In fact, he even played a crucial role in the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's fight for the throne. Right now, he had a lofty status and authority. He spent most of his time guarding the coastal regions, going out to sea to conquer the various empires and immortal and demonic sects.

It was unknown how many sects the Heavenly Talisman Dynasty had annihilated in this dynasty. Many of the surviving members of these sects had escaped to the seas, waiting for an opportunity to make a comeback. The imperial court placed great importance on coastal defense. The reason why they built a canal that connected to the sea was to facilitate the transportation of war resources from the mainland to the sea.

Because of this, the First Prince, Gu Hengsha, was the most powerful of all the princes. Even the Seventh Prince, Gu Fasha, was no match for him. Of course, this was only in terms of strength, not actual cultivation. In terms of cultivation level, the Seventh Prince was probably a level higher.

"This is the person that the First Prince wants. Should I save her?"

Gu Chensha pondered. "Back then, I remember that when my mother committed suicide, the First Prince's mother immediately sent her eunuchs to take away the ring my mother left behind.

Back then, I didn't know the importance of the ring. It was only later that I found out that the ring was called the 'Giant Spirit Ring'. It was forged from the finger bone left behind by the Great Spirit God in the mortal world. Anyone who wore it would be cleansed by the power of the ring. Their physique would change and they would gradually become extremely strong, capable of tearing apart ferocious beasts. I will settle this debt sooner or later. Now, I'm just collecting some interest.

Also, this group of people is surrounding a girl. It would be immoral if I didn't save her. Since I met her, there's no reason for me to ignore her. "

The black-robed men in front of him were all highly skilled. Gu Chensha didn't let his guard down. He covered his face with a cloth and advanced silently.

"Who is it?!"

Just as he was about to get close, the leader of the black-robed men suddenly roared and looked in his direction.

Gu Chensha shuddered. He felt as if he was being stared at by a poisonous snake. It was extremely uncomfortable.

"Grandmaster!" Only a Grandmaster would have the sensitivity to lock on to him. He immediately activated his movement technique and dashed into the crowd. Bam bam bam!

A few black-robed men who were blocking his way were sent flying. They fell into the snow and fainted. He did not kill them. Instead, he used the Giant Spirit Palm Technique from the The Great Spirit God to hold his breath. He was only trying to save someone. There was no need to kill them.

He had already mastered the The Great Spirit God's technique. Although he had not used it in actual combat and was still a little rusty, it was still extremely powerful when he used it with his strength.

"Waterfall Slash!" The snow-white glow of the blade sliced through the sky. It had the aura of breaking a waterfall.

The leader of the black-robed men leaped over. His movement technique was graceful and graceful. However, the aura of his blade was filled with bloodthirst.

"Impressive!"

Gu Chensha was bare-handed and he didn't dare to use his body to block a sharp blade, especially a blade from a Grandmaster.

When one reached the Grandmaster Realm, one could pick leaves and flowers and use grass and wood as swords to pierce through armor. Only those who cultivated to the third transformation of the Dao Realm Copper Skin Iron Bones could casually allow a Grandmaster to slash their bodies.

He slid forwards and used the Sun and Moon Training Technique. It was like the light of the sun and moon piercing through the cracks. He was actually able to drill through the small openings of the blade.

When the girl saw this, she had a weird expression on her face like she had never seen such a magical technique before.

Using this technique, Gu Chensha was in front of the girl in an instant. He grabbed her shoulder and didn't make a sound. He jumped up once more and charged out of the encirclement.

"Chase!"

The leader of the black-robed men shouted angrily and chased after them. However, they couldn't catch up. After an hour, they had completely disappeared.

Gu Chensha grabbed the girl and ran around in the forest for a long time. While he was shaking off the pursuers, he found that the girl's aura was long and endless, which was rare in his life. Her cultivation level was much higher than his, but she was injured. Her face was green as if she had been poisoned.

He wandered around for a long time and finally found a hidden cave. He immediately put the girl down and let her rest. He went outside to pick up some firewood to start a fire.

But when he came back with the firewood, he saw a red light illuminating the cave, making it as warm as spring. The girl took out a bead to warm herself. It was warm and masculine, which made people feel lazy.

"Fire bead." Gu Chensha threw the firewood on the ground. "So you have this treasure. That will save me a lot of trouble."

Fire beads were very valuable. Even in the Great Yongchō, only the aristocratic families had them. Each one was worth tens of thousands of dollars, and even if you had money, you might not be able to buy one. This thing was produced by the Heaven Palace Sect. It was made of rare gems, and there was a mysterious spell inscribed on it. When it was used, it could be opened by rubbing it with one's palm.

There was no need for that. As long as it was soaked in water, the red light would be extinguished immediately.

"Who are you? Why did you save me?" The girl saw Gu Chensha walking in.

"I just saw injustice. Are you the young master of the Dragon Sword Island?" Gu Chensha heard the black-robed man's conversation and knew the girl's identity.

"I've been poisoned. Can you help me up? I'll use the Good Luck Technique to force the poison out." The girl couldn't move. Gu Chensha nodded and walked in front of the girl. He reached out his hand.

Suddenly, the girl flipped her hand. Like a giant whale coming out of the water, waves of air billowed. The power of her palm had the sound of roaring tides, enveloping Gu Chensha from all directions.

Gu Chensha had never expected that the girl he'd saved would attack him. Fortunately, he'd been cultivating the Emperor's God Sealing Technique for half a year, and his spirituality was extraordinary. He could sense the approaching danger. In a hurry, he roared angrily. His left hand held the sun, and his right hand held the moon. Yin and Yang changed. Day and night rotated. He took on the woman's violent attack like a raging whale.

In the blink of an eye, the two of them had already exchanged dozens of palms. The power of the palms shook the rocks in the cave until they fell. The cave felt like it would collapse at any moment.

The pressure on Gu Chensha increased. Every time he exchanged a palm, he felt like the power of the opponent's palm was like a raging sea. It was endless, and he couldn't breathe. He could be killed at any moment.

"This girl is not a martial arts master, nor is she in the ordinary realm. She must have stepped into the Tao realm!"

After taking on 30 palms, Gu Chensha finally couldn't take it anymore. He was sent flying, and his organs were damaged. Blood spurted out from his mouth.

"It's rare for a martial arts master to cultivate to such a realm. You can actually take 30 palms from my Raging Whale Frenzy Palm."

The girl stood up and spat out black blood. The poison on her face dissipated a little. She'd actually used her palms against Gu Chensha to force out a lot of the poison in her body.

"I saved you, so why did you still want to kill me!?"

Gu Chensha knew that things weren't good. Even though he was injured, he didn't panic. He rolled to the entrance of the cave and secretly adjusted his breathing, trying to recover from his injuries. He was sure that this girl was a Tao realm expert.

Even if he cultivated the Emperor's God Sealing Technique, he hadn't cultivated it for long. His level was suppressed by the opponent.

"I, Long Yuyun, will never trust anyone."

The girl's face turned cold. "Your martial arts are extremely profound, and you have boundless strength. However, your combat experience is poor. There's no killing intent on you, which means that you've lost your life. You must be a rich and powerful disciple who has been nurtured with good resources.

This place is close to the capital, and I can't even guess the grade of your cultivation art. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor collected all the books in the world and plundered the martial arts of the immortals, demons, demons, and gods. Only the royal family would have such a cultivation art. All the signs point to you being surnamed Gu, a member of the royal family, or even a prince.

My Dragon Sword Island and the royal family of Great Yong have a deep grudge. Do you think I should do this? "

"This girl can actually analyze so accurately with such little information. How terrifying. Or is it because I have too little combat experience that I'm full of flaws?"

Gu Chensha thought quickly, reviewing his gains and losses. He wasn't flustered. Although he'd played the fool in the royal palace for many years, he hadn't experienced killing or war. He didn't have much life experience. On the other hand, this Long Yuyun in front of him was an expert who had experienced countless battles. It was laughable that he had tried to save her.

Seeing that Gu Chensha was about to escape at the entrance of the cave, Long Yuyun didn't intend to chase after him. Instead, she took a deep breath. An indescribable energy in the air quickly condensed into a faint green mist, entering the major acupoints of her body. Her complexion became redder and redder.

"This is Submission of Qi Inedia."

Submission of Qi was to sense the spiritual qi in the air and absorb it into one's body. It was completely otherworldly.

Spiritual qi was the most profound energy. It could transform the body, shape the soul, temper the primordial spirit, condense the will, comprehend the great dao, and many other things.

Now, Long Yuyun was rapidly absorbing the spiritual qi of heaven and earth to cleanse the poison in her body.

"I can't let her recover. Otherwise, I won't be able to escape."