Chapter 518
===========

"That's right. More than half of the ministers in the imperial court's study believe that the Celestial Calmness Bureau can properly manage the court. As for the Three Dukes and Eight Marquises, they've all sided with the Celestial Calmness Bureau. At first, Marquis Ironblood supported me, believing that I was the rightful Crown Prince. However, after Marquis Jushi's persuasion, he's now cooperating with me. According to the Celestial Calmness Bureau, the Six Doors Gate, the Ironblood Guard, the Apprehension Office, and the other government offices have recently recruited a large number of people. All of them are disciples of the Common People's Wishes Institute.

We basically don't have any power anymore. "Crown Prince Gu Xuansha sighed, as if he were holding a bitter fruit in his mouth." Most importantly, the Celestial Calmness Bureau has a righteous reputation. Imperial Father bestowed upon them a command medallion, which is equivalent to an imperial edict. We can't disobey it. " "I know that command medallion was bestowed upon Lou Baiyue."

Fa Wuxian clasped his hands behind his back and said coldly, "Find a time to kill Lou Baiyue and take the command medallion. Won't that solve the problem?" "It's not that easy."

Gu Chensha immediately mocked, "Fa Wuxian, your words are bigger than the heavens, but in reality, you're completely useless. Do you think you can scheme against the Lord of Seven Stars?

As far as I know, you lost to Jing Qiu, and Jing Qiu lost to Zhuge Ya. Every day you clamor about capturing and killing this and that. Who do you think you are? " "Wudang Xing!" Fa Wuxian flew into a rage. "Do you think I won't kill you right now?" "Kill me?

Let's not even talk about whether or not you have the ability, "Gu Chensha said with a cold laugh." If you touch me, the Dharma Saint won't be able to bear the consequences. " "You're just bluffing!"

Fa Wuxian stepped closer and closer, as if he were about to attack. "Let's see what kind of powerful backer you have. You actually dare to brag that you're on par with the Dharma Saint."

"Brother Wuxian," said Gu Tanjian, "you really won't be able to bear the consequences. The Dharma Saint and the entire school of Legalism won't be able to either." He also disliked Fa Wuxian.

Fa Wu Xian had always been arrogant and unruly. He looked down on all the heroes in the world. This time, he actually came out to help Wu Dangkong. This made Gu Tanjian feel even more uncomfortable, as if there was a fishbone stuck in his throat.

Gu Tanjian, Gu Xuansha, and Wu Dangkong merged their factions and formed the World Alliance. Originally, Gu Tanjian was the leader, but Wu Dangkong didn't back down. With the Xing Qiong clan's help, the two of them were evenly matched. However, now that Fa Wu Xian had joined and supported Wu Dangkong, the situation immediately became one-sided. Gu Tanjian was at a complete disadvantage. In Gu Tanjian's heart, he could not wait to refine Fa Wuxian and get rid of this eyesore. However, Fa Wuxian had the support of the Dharma Saint, so he couldn't do anything.

"Gu Tanjian, you're also boasting shamelessly here."

Hearing that, Fa Wuxian hesitated for half a step. He knew that behind Wudang Xing, there really was a mighty existence comparable to the Dharma Saint.

"Enough!"

Wu Dangkong slapped the table. "Now isn't the time for internal strife. If we fight here, the people of the Calming Immortal Agency will unite and become stronger day and night. Given time, will there still be a chance for us to make a comeback?" "That's right. We can't fight among ourselves."

Gu Tanjian nodded. "The people of the Calming Immortal Agency, Gu Chensha, Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, Gu Huasha, and Jin Suibo, are all working together to suppress our living space. If we fight among ourselves, we will all be destroyed one by one. At that time, we will all die without a burial place. Especially that Gu Chensha. He is not a kind person. He has endured since he was young, and once he gained power, he became cruel and merciless. Almost all of his enemies' souls and flesh were taken away by him to feed the Heavenly Demon Tree. He talks about benevolence, righteousness, and the common people. His methods are even more vicious than those of the demonic path." "Is there any way to turn the situation around?" Gu Xuansha was at his wit's end.

"Father, things haven't reached a point where we can't do anything," Gu Changjian suddenly said.

"Oh? What ideas do you have? Let's hear them. "Everyone looked at this youth.

"The Calming Immortal Agency has a huge flaw. Although we have the Sphere of the Common People's Wish, without a Deity level expert to drive it, it's just child's play. We can't unleash its true might." As Gu Changjian spoke, his expression was bright and radiant.

Gu Chensha's heart stirred. "This kid has some talent. He's definitely not simple. How could I have seen so much at that time?"

"This is the most fatal flaw. Actually, as long as we launch an all-out attack, using our foundation and the major powers behind us, it won't be difficult to break through the Calming Immortal Agency. It's just that it's hard for us to make up our minds."

Gu Changjian continued, "Of course, I can understand everyone's worries. You're just afraid that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor will suddenly come out of seclusion. In truth, this is a mistake. The world is in full swing, and the devil calamity is about to erupt. If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor could come out, he would have long come to suppress the situation.

I've studied hard since I was young, and I've gained some insights over the years. I've also carefully analyzed the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's style of governance. He's always prepared for a rainy day, eliminating everything invisibly. Not appearing now is definitely not his style. Therefore, there's no meaning in worrying about such an illusory matter. " "Then what do you think?" Fa Wuxian asked.

"The most important thing now is to cut through the Gordian knot, dealing a destructive blow to the Calming Immortal Agency among the people and the immortal dao."

A ferocious glint flashed in Gu Changjian's eyes. "Concubine Ming's train of thought isn't bad. Set up the Sun and Moon Agency and capture the foreign races. At the same time, capture all the officials under the heavens. Whoever dares to interact with the Calming Immortal Agency will be immediately captured and thrown into prison. At the same time, we'll also capture the advisors of the Calming Immortal Agency as spies.

I don't believe that we won't be able to curb the momentum of the Calming Immortal Agency's development.

This is one of the reasons. The second reason is to contact the devil race and send Devil God level experts to launch an attack on the Calming Immortal Agency. At the same time, we'll contact the immortal dao mystical sects and launch a destructive attack on the cave abode overseas. With these three methods, the Calming Immortal Agency will immediately collapse! " "You're a vicious brat." Gu Chensha laughed coldly.

"Hmph."

Gu Changjian snorted coldly and glared at Gu Chensha's incarnation of Wudang Xing. "In short, we can no longer remain silent. If we remain silent, we'll allow the Calming Immortal Agency to develop and gather the hearts of the officials, the people, and the immortal dao mystical sects. What else can we do but retreat step by step?

What's more, it's not that the Calming Immortal Agency's gathering is useless. Rather, it's gathering the power of oaths and wishes. This power can nurture spheres that will grow stronger and stronger. " "We can't endure any longer. We have to launch a thunderous attack."

Wu Dangkong nodded. "If we continue to endure, we'll be expelled from the court and become traitors. There's no other path we can take." "The Calming Immortal Agency is pressing forward step by step. It's truly frightening."

As arrogant as Fa Wuxian was, when he thought about the general situation of the world, he had to admit that the Crown Prince and Wu Dangkong, the Bright Concubine who was supervising the state, were at a complete disadvantage. This was especially true for Wu Dangkong. His reputation was stinking.

Among the scholars, the common people, and some of the second and third-rate rich and powerful families, Wu Dangkong was known as a 'treacherous concubine'.

She was a treacherous official through and through. Many groups among the common people had begun to boycott the Clearsky Merchant Group, causing its business to plummet. Coupled with the Calming Immortal Agency's constant pressure, they were on the verge of collapse.

The Crown Prince, Gu Xuansha, had only gained the reputation of being a 'coward'. Everything else was fine.

"We can't get entangled. If we get entangled, we won't be a match for the Calming Immortal Agency at all in terms of public opinion and officialdom. We can only launch a thunderous attack!

And we have to be fast. The longer this drags on, the less chance we have of success. The Calming Immortal Agency's growth is too terrifying. If we are delayed for two or three years, we won't stand a chance at all. "

Gu Changjian's tone was stern. "I feel that Father and Bright Concubine will work together to issue an official document to clean up the court and reorganize the bureaucracy. Then, all the aristocratic families and many princes will respond and change their minds. Brother Zijian can do this. Right now, those royal uncles are relying on Brother Zijian. Secondly, Senior Brother Wuxian can contact the Infernal domain.

We can also contact the Crimson Firmament Mystic Sect, the Black Heaven Earth Mystic Sect, the Nine Swords Mystic Gate, and the other sects that have a deep grudge against the Calming Immortal Agency and attack the Immortal Dao Alliance's cave abode.

With these three methods, we will definitely be able to catch the Calming Immortal Agency off guard. "

"This kid is sinister and ruthless. He's quite the character. Furthermore, a newborn calf isn't afraid of a tiger."

Gu Chensha sneered inwardly. "But if he thinks he can defeat the Calming Immortal Agency with just these three methods, then he's taking it too lightly. Since I've transformed into Wudang Xing, I can use my schemes to obtain more opportunities. Then, I'll make your alliance collapse and suffer the consequences of your actions!"

"Rather than sitting around and waiting for death, why not take the risk?" Wu Dangkong, Fa Wuxian, Gu Xuansha, and Gu Tanjian all agreed.

Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "That's feasible, but we'll need to come up with a detailed plan. As soon as we make a move, the Lord of Seven Stars, Zhuge Ya, will immediately find out. He'll be able to deduce our movements from the smallest clues and deal a devastating blow to us." "Zhuge Ya doesn't matter. Even if he has three heads and six arms, he's too busy right now."

Wu Dangkong waved his hand, as if he had absolute confidence. "That Zhuge Ya is said to be flawless, but this time he suffered a huge loss. I obtained the Peerless Heaven Book."

Gu Chensha immediately knew that it was definitely the matter of the "World Burying Coffin" that had stalled Zhuge Ya. However, Wu Dang Kong would never have imagined, not even in his wildest dreams, that the Department of Tranquil Immortals had already grasped the plan, and had even obtained the Seventy-Two Divine Prefecture Great Arts, which could completely make up for the loss of the Peerless Heavenly Scripture.

Gu Chensha had comprehended the Divine Prefecture Grand Technique, and his comprehension of the Dao of Divergent Numbers had deepened. The Common People Mending Heaven Technique was also more complete, and he was able to deduce more things. More importantly, with the Dao of Divergent Numbers, he could resist the summons of the Heavenly Daos. This allowed him to easily circulate his magic power, and it was as if he had broken free from some sort of predetermined fate.

Using the Divine Prefecture Grand Technique, he created the Small Divine Prefecture in an exquisite manner. He could even create a tenth of the Sky Dew's effect.

He sat in the Small Divine Prefecture for three months, activating his magic power to rain down the Sky Dew. Now, the Small Divine Prefecture could be compared to some of the Ancient Xuan Sects' grotto-heavens. The cultivators within didn't even want to leave.

This wasn't all. Many cultivators also started to cultivate the Dragon Raising Heart Technique. The Dragon Raising Energy gathered and pierced through the Small Divine Prefecture. Day and night, dragon energy flourished deep underground. The construction speed of the Small Divine Prefecture far exceeded the imagination of these people.

"I'll head to the Demon Region and persuade the Demon God to deal with the Calming Immortal Agency." Fa Wuxian had wanted to do this a long time ago.