Chapter 359
===========

When Gu Tanjian heard this, he was stunned. "Mister Jing Qiu can even swallow the heavens. I wonder what you're relying on? Can you destroy the Celestial Calmness Department? But even if you do, aren't you afraid that the Heavenly Talisman Emperor will come out of seclusion? The Celestial Calmness Department is the Heavenly Talisman Emperor's most important chess piece. "

Jing Qiu was still indifferent, as if he didn't care about anything and everything was under his control. "Back then, when the Heavenly Talisman Emperor rose to power, I immediately submitted to him, so that the Jing Clan's foundation wasn't damaged. My patience has finally paid off.

The Heavenly Talisman Emperor has been in the limelight for the past few years, standing at the peak. However, it has been a few years since he appeared. I just want to probe him, if we kill everyone from the Calm Immortal Sector, would he still appear? " "What if he comes out? Won't you die? "

Gu Tanjian knew that many old antiques didn't dare to take the risk, including the supreme divine ability experts behind him, a few Saint-level experts, and the high and mighty Heavenly Venerables. Those existences all feared the Heavenly Talisman Emperor. They wanted to move, but they didn't dare to.

"The three Heavenly Venerables and even those Sages don't dare to act rashly. Then let me be the first to attack. Who has my courage? This is actually a kind of breakthrough. "

Jing Qiu said everything with confidence. "I dare, but you don't dare. The existences behind you don't dare either, right?"

"So you're seeking a breakthrough. Could it be …" Gu Tanjian was shocked. "You want to use this opportunity to break through the limits of talent and become a legendary Divergent?" "That's right."

Jing Qiu looked at the sky. "I naturally reached an agreement with the major powers to destroy the Celestial Calmness Department. Our Jing Clan will take the lead and see what the Heavenly Talisman Emperor is like. Of course, there will be many benefits. Even if things don't work out, our Jing Clan can keep our bloodline.

Regardless of whether I succeed or not, as long as I do this, I will definitely be able to comprehend some of the profundities of Divergent. "

"I thought Mr. Jing Qiu was arrogant and conceited. I didn't expect him to amaze the world with a single brilliant feat."

Gu Tanjian stood up and bowed deeply, "I've long noticed Mister's character. You've always been patient and quiet for many years. But when you suddenly strike, it's like a thunderclap that shakes the nine heavens. Even the three Heavenly Venerables did not dare to make a move.

It is admirable that Mister is willing to be the vanguard of the revolution. With such courage, I am afraid that your future career will not be limited to this. " Jing Qiu waved his hand. "You don't have to flatter me. If I destroy the Calming Immortal Department, what does the heir want?

Now that Crown Prince knows my thoughts, you should understand that what I said is true. My initiative is also in line with Crown Prince's interests. If Crown Prince helps me, I will be eternally grateful. " "You're gambling."

Gu Tanjian said solemnly, "If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor doesn't appear after destroying the Calming Immortal Department, it proves that he really won't appear again.

And the benefits you will obtain are endless. As the vanguard of the revolution, I'm afraid that you will receive a supreme fate that will aid your cultivation. If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor appears, the chances of you dying are very high, but there is also a chance that you won't die. " "That's natural."

Jing Qiu sat down. "Crown Prince, this Gu Chensha is secretly observing from the governor's manor. What do you think we should do?" "Very simple. We just have to capture this person.

If Mister Jing Qiu makes a move, it won't be difficult to deal with him. But the key is that he can communicate with the Life's Wish sphere and escape at any time. "Gu Tanjian said," Could it be that Mister can restrict the power of that sphere? " "If I can't restrict this sphere, how can I collect it?"

Jing Qiu said, "I already have enough confidence that I can break through the sphere's defenses and collect it.

Of course, capturing this Nineteenth Prince Gu Chensha and devouring him will allow me to gain control over a portion of the Life's Wish sphere, which will be easier for me to collect. " "You want to kill Gu Chensha?" Gu Tanjian was shocked. "Then there's really no turning back." "Turning back?" Jing Qiu laughed heartily. "If I tell you our Jing Clan's plan, Crown Prince shouldn't be shocked." "Mister Jing Qiu, please speak." Gu Tanjian's face darkened.

"The first thing I will do is to capture the Nineteenth Prince Gu Chensha and kill him as a sacrifice. Then, the Jing Clan will kill all the officials of the Great Yongchō in Jing Province, restoring the Jing Clan's rule.

At the same time, we will gather our troops and use Jing Province as a base to attack the cities and seize the land. In an instant, we will occupy a few provinces. At the same time, the Yao and Barbarian Armies will gather at the border.

I will control the Life's Wish sphere and use it to kill the Marquis Dashi and his soldiers guarding the border. I will lure the Yao and Barbarian Armies into the Divine Prefecture to burn, kill, and plunder. At the same time, the Great Wei Dynasty will attack from overseas, and the 72 Mystical Sects of the Immortal Path will send their disciples to join my Jing Clan. In this way, won't there be hope for the world?

Many aristocratic families will also respond, killing the Great Yongchō officials and occupying one or more provinces. As long as I make the first move, it will be like a spark that will start a prairie fire. The world will immediately fall into chaos, and the fate of the Yongchō will be completely destroyed. I believe that within a month, the seemingly boundless Yongchō will collapse and cease to exist.

What a pity, what a pity. After so many years, no one has dared to be the vanguard of the revolution. They don't dare to do it, but I have benefited from it. "Jing Qiu said a series of words, causing even a schemer like Gu Tanjian to be dumbfounded.

Although Gu Tanjian was full of ambition, he only made small moves in the dark. He didn't expect that Jing Qiu would immediately kill the officials and start a rebellion, sweeping across the world. With a wave of his arm, the world would fall into chaos, and the prairie fire would start a prairie fire.

If the Heavenly Talisman Emperor was here, the situation would definitely not be like this. Unfortunately, he had been in seclusion for a long time, and the aristocratic families were naturally full of ambition. Gu Tanjian himself would definitely not dare to be the vanguard of the revolution.

"Damn it, this Jing Qiu looks refined, but deep down, he's the number one lunatic in the world. He actually wants to do something that even he doesn't dare to do." Gu Tanjian's heart was filled with shock. In that instant, his face turned pale.

"How is it?" Jing Qiu said this very calmly. "Does the Crown Prince think that there's hope for what I'm doing?" "I don't know. If I knew, I wouldn't have endured until today."

Gu Shengjian smiled bitterly. "However, if Mr. Jing Qiu succeeds, we will still be allies and not invade each other.

Furthermore, I can use the Dragon Nurturing Pill and Dragon Creation Pill to exchange for Mister Jing Qiu's Azure Dragon bloodline. How about it? " "This is a fair trade."

Jing Qiu said, "I have reached an agreement with the Profound Gate of Heaven and Earth. As long as I am the vanguard of the revolution, they will provide me with the Azure Dragon bloodline and many Magic Treasures. They will also borrow the Divine Power of the Profound Gate of Heaven and Earth to help me refine a talisman. The Scarlet Firmament Gate even promised me many benefits and even borrowed their treasure, the Scarlet Firmament Gate's Heaven Stairway, to absorb the Purple Emperor Holy Qi from the Immortal World.

I won't talk about the other benefits one by one. If the Crown Prince has enough Medicinal Pills, you can exchange them for anything from me. "

"It looks like the Jing Clan has no choice but to shoot. You've taken so many benefits from those large sects. If you don't act now, you'll probably be torn to pieces by them."

Gu Tanjian said, "I don't have much else to gain. I just want the Azure Dragon bloodline. However, if you destroy the Celestial Tranquility Bureau, I want to exchange for the Black Tortoise bloodline and the Vermilion Bird bloodline. How about it? "

"That's natural. The Vermilion Bird and Black Tortoise are actually alive. To me, they are extremely valuable. I'll refine them into External Incarnations. After all, it would be a pity to kill them. Ever since the Great Desolate Immemorial Era, the world has changed. These Holy Beasts that are born from the innate laws of the five elements have gone extinct."

Jing Qiu gestured for Jing Fanxing to sit down. "Fanxing, I don't want you to be blinded by hatred. If you forcefully raise your cultivation in the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth, it will be even more difficult. However, it's not like there's no way. When I comprehend the Divergent, I'll naturally have a way to help you straighten out your magic power and change your Primordial Spirit." "Patriarch."

Jing Fanxing hurriedly said, "It's not that I'm eager for quick success. It's just that time waits for no man. Think about how I've improved. I've cultivated in the depths of the Black Gate of Heaven and Earth for hundreds of years, using up a large portion of my life force. When I came out, I should have been able to kill Gu Chensha. I didn't expect that I would still be defeated by him. The Celestial Tranquility Bureau is growing too fast for us to cultivate carefully.

If I cultivate in the real world for hundreds of years, I'm afraid that Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue would have already become gods. That Zhuge Ya would have probably reached the peak of the thirty-six transformations, comparable to the ancient Jiang Gongwang. At that time, would we still have any hope? "

"That's not a bad idea. We need to act as soon as possible. Otherwise, with every day that passes, that Zhuge Ya will become even more powerful."

A profound expression appeared on Jing Qiu's face. "However, he's only a Heavenly Law Puppet. How is it possible to break free from him? I have plenty of ways to restrain him. " "I'll do as you say, Patriarch."

Although Jing Fanxing was arrogant, he already knew that this patriarch had a much bigger picture than he did. Furthermore, he had the grand ambition to swallow the heavens and earth. He dared to take action, and Jing Fanxing would never be able to catch up to him.

"Right now, you need to contact the disciples of my Jing Clan and have them prepare all kinds of weapons and armor. Once I give the order, we'll immediately kill the officials and rebel, restoring the glory of our Jing Nation."

Jing Qiu said, "Once I seize the Wish of the People sphere, we can use it as a foundation for the Jing Nation. We can hold a great ceremony and connect the sphere to the destiny of our nation."

"Patriarch, you're truly a schemer. You've been intentionally getting on good terms with the Celestial Tranquility Bureau and bought quite a few of their Starsoldier Armors and Starsoldier Swords. That should be enough to arm the important disciples of our clan. With these weapons and armors, it'll be much easier for the disciples to kill those officials." By this time, Jing Fanxing had already seen through Jing Qiu's plans.