Chapter 999
===========

Chapter 996: Ancestor of Magic Chapter 996: Ancestor of Magic

"I didn't expect that such a small continent could produce the Ancestor of Magic. It's amazing."

Fa Wuxian looked at the Dragon Valley Continent. Although the continent was huge in the eyes of a Heaven's Origin cultivator, it wasn't big in the eyes of the Devouring Ancestor Fa Wuxian.

The Dragon Valley Continent was as big as dozens of divine lands and the four wildernesses combined. There were many layers of space in it. There were also many treasures in those spaces and worlds.

The Dragon Valley Continent had gone through thirty thousand years of changes, and it was full of wonders. There were magic and swords, machinery and steam, heroic knights, dragon princesses, magical beast gods, and necromancers. It was a completely different kind of civilization, a magic civilization that was completely independent of the technological civilization and the immortal dao civilization. Because of the uniqueness of this civilization, it was able to produce the Ancestor of Magic.

The magic system was automatically formed. It was the essence of the wisdom of the entire Dragon Valley Continent. A large amount of the origin of the human world was extracted from it and gave birth to the magic system.

"Fa Wuxian, it's you!" Wu Dangkong was shocked.

She was just about to make a move, but Fa Wuxian's body emitted endless devouring power. It pulled her back and devoured her completely.

Fortunately, Wu Dangkong had many trump cards. Waves of power began to burst out, and the aura of the Emperor Of Heaven was released.

"Huh?"

Fa Wuxian's devouring power didn't devour Wu Dangkong completely. Instead, he grinned. "Wu Dangkong, you're quite something. You actually stole some of the power of the Emperor Of Heaven and used it as a trump card. But those tricks can only last a while in front of me. You're dreaming if you think you can protect yourself." "Fa Wuxian, you're so ruthless!"

Wu Dang Kong let out a long roar. His hair was disheveled, and he had lost his image. "I've worked so hard to create the Ancestor of Magic. If I can get my hands on the Ancestor of Magic, I'll be able to break through the shackles of the Heaven Realm. I'll be able to condense the power of the eighth level of the Immortal Realm, and then I'll be able to enter the Heavenly Dao Realm.

"Wu Dengkong, you are the weakest among all the ancestors. Furthermore, you only managed to form the Heaven Realm in your body because you stole some of the power from the Heavenly Court. Furthermore, you betrayed the Heavenly Emperor at the most crucial moment of the dynasty in order to obtain destiny. In reality, with your cultivation level, you are not worthy of being called an ancestor. Furthermore, you still call yourself a Heavenly Ancestor. Not only will this not increase your destiny, it will also decrease your destiny. Furthermore, you are also forming an ill-fated relationship. Today is the day when your ill-fated relationship explodes. Not only will I devour you, I will also devour the ancestor of magic that was born in the Dragon Valley Continent." "Fa Wuxian, do you really think you can defeat me?"

Waves of power burst out of Wu Dangkong's body again. The power changed and vibrated with each other. Then, it started to fuse with the Dragon Valley Continent.

"Wu Dangkong, you sure have a lot of tricks up your sleeves."

Fa Wuxian continued to increase his devouring power. Within his body, countless amounts of energy revolved into numerous runes. These runes then turned into ropes, and the ropes and ropes intersected with each other, forming a huge net. The mesh of the huge net was a huge mouth, and within these mouths, the chewing sounds of ancient beasts could be heard, completely enveloping Wu Dangkong within.

As long as this huge net closed inwards, Wu Dangkong would be devoured by the countless holes in the net until not even his bones were left. This was Fa Wuxian's trick.

These runes, ropes, and net were formed by the power of a level-eight Immortal. That was why he could suppress the power of a level-seven True Immortal and devour Wu Dangkong.

"Don't worry. I've discovered many secrets about the human world from Wu Dangkong. The continents in the human world are like organs in a human body. If the continent becomes stronger, it will absorb more essence from the human world.

Then, a powerful and terrifying existence will be born. This magic system is even more powerful than the Yin and Yang system, the Five Elements system, the Eight Trigrams system, and many other systems. It is almost comparable to the Good and Evil system and the Cause and Effect system. "

Fa Wuxian looked at the changes caused by the combination of Wu Dangkong and the Dragon Valley Continent. His cultivation base became more profound. "If that's the case, I know what to do in the future. I also know how to devour the human world completely. At this moment, the human world is the only world between heaven and earth.

Even Gu Chensha tried his best to create the human world, making it bigger and bigger. There is still a chance for the human world to expand, and that is when the Heavenly Dao and Gu Taxian collapse at the same time. When the Immortal Origin that had reached level-nine Immortal will descend, I'm afraid the human world will be many times bigger than it is now. More experts will be born, and there will be many experts in the Heavenly Dao.

That will be the best time for me, the Devouring Ancestor, to activate the devouring power. I will be able to devour everything and reach the highest realm, surpass the Heavenly Dao, and achieve a realm that has never been reached since ancient times. "

With the improvement of his cultivation base, Fa Wuxian was more at ease. He changed his spell again, and the huge net enveloped the entire Dragon Valley Continent. He was like a cat toying with a mouse, toying with Wu Dangkong. When he was done toying with Wu Dangkong, he would start killing.

After a day and a night, Fa Wuxian seemed to have seen through Wu Dangkong's trump card. At the same time, he had also figured out the operation of the entire Dragon Valley Continent. A sinister smile appeared on his face.

"Wu Dangkong, I've completely figured out your background. You no longer have any secrets in my eyes. In that case, it's time for me to devour you.

I was afraid that you had some powerful means that could injure me, but now it seems that your foundation is indeed lacking. " Boom!

Fa Wuxian didn't waste any more time talking to Wu Dangkong. After a day and a night, he had seen through Wu Dangkong's background. Even if Wu Dangkong risked his life, he wouldn't be able to pose any threat to him. The huge net of devouring began to close in. Fa Wuxian was going to devour Wu Dangkong and the Dragon Valley Continent together.

"Fa Wuxian, you're too aggressive. I'm going to kill you!

Fuse! "Wu Dangkong's essence energy began to leak out, and the Heaven Realm in her body was in danger of shattering.

At this time, she knew that if she didn't do something, she would probably die without a burial ground, and she might not even be able to rise again in the future. She gritted her teeth and activated her secret technique.

"Fa Wuxian, you said you saw through my background, but let me tell you now, I still have a way to destroy both sides. Emperor Of Heaven, World Annihilation, Ten Thousand Laws, Nirvana. "

Wu Dangkong's body suddenly burst into flames. "I'll exchange the glory of all my lives for a moment of glory. All the lives of billions of lives will be gathered at this point. True Fusion! " Boom!

At this time, Wu Dangkong's body completely burst into flames, and he turned into a huge fireball, which broke through Fa Wuxian's blockade and entered the Dragon Valley Continent.

"Good one, Wu Dangkong. You actually have a way to destroy both sides. This is clearly not your plan, but the Emperor Of Heaven's. It seems that even though the Emperor Of Heaven has been hiding, he's still controlling many things in the dark."

Fa Wuxian could tell from Wu Dangkong's self-destruction that this was not a method that Wu Dangkong was capable of. After all, the power that could be unleashed by a person's self-destruction was not infinite.

There were many self-destruction techniques in the world, such as Heavenly Demon Disintegration, Immortal Jade Incineration, Divine Nation Annihilation, and so on. Fa Wuxian was very familiar with these self-destruction techniques, so he had already calculated that even if Wu Dangkong self-destructed, he wouldn't be able to cause any harm to him. In fact, he wouldn't even be able to escape his control.

But now, Wu Dangkong's self-destruction technique was actually burning his past, present, and future, all of his hopes, all of his karma, all of his predestined fate, and even all of his future opportunities. In other words, he was exchanging the glory of all lives for a moment of glory. This method of mutual destruction was not something that Wu Dangkong was able to execute.

Even though Wu Dangkong had stepped into the Heaven Realm, it was impossible for him to comprehend the glory of all lives, all of his hopes, karma, and predestined fate.

It was even more impossible for him to gather all of these incorporeal things and unleash a moment of glory. Boom!

The fireball that Wu Dangkong had turned into fell into the Dragon Valley Continent. Immediately, many strange phenomena appeared in the Dragon Valley Continent. Everything began to condense, and a powerful thing was born in the entire continent. In the Dragon Valley Continent.

The most ordinary family in the town. Their house was in a dilapidated state, and painful groans could be heard coming from inside.

A middle-aged woman looked at her son on the bed, crying non-stop. There were also a few boys and girls who had not yet grown up, and they were crying from hunger.

The person lying on the bed was a young man who had just reached adulthood. His hands and feet were all broken, and his body was covered with many knife wounds that were still bleeding non-stop. Clearly, he wouldn't be able to live for long.

"Amanla, you can't die, my son. Those heartless bastards cut you up just because they stole a small magical beast that you hunted. It's a pity that I don't have money, otherwise I could go to the magic academy in the city and use magic to help you recover."

The middle-aged woman cried, cursed, and blamed herself. Clearly, if this adult son of hers died, she wouldn't be able to live, and the rest of the family would most likely starve to death. A family would completely disappear just like that. That was the cruelty of survival.

"Mom, I saw it! I saw it!"

The man lying on the bed, Amanla, seemed to have regained his last bit of radiance. He actually cried out, and then a fireball pierced through the roof and landed on his body. Then, a voice rang out in his ear. "The magic system has received enough energy. Activate."

In an instant, all of his injuries were healed, and the entire Dragon Valley Continent shrank, turning into dust and disappearing without a trace. Fa Wuxian roared.

In his eyes, the instant that Wu Dangkong had turned into a fireball and landed on the Dragon Valley Continent, the Dragon Valley Continent had shrunk and disappeared. He had no idea where it had gone.

"Wu Dangkong has fused with the Progenitor of Magic. He actually managed to escape my control.

You won't be able to escape. "A devouring power appeared above Fa Wuxian's head, and he began to track Amanla.