Chapter 910
===========

"The power of the Heavenly Dao is extremely great. The Heaven Realm, many worlds, space-time turbulence, endless chaos and so on, according to logic, all belong to the scope of the Heavenly Dao. This is only a part of the Heavenly Dao. The true will of the Heavenly Dao is hidden in an unfathomable place. That is the true power of the Heavenly Dao. The Heavenly Emperor is also a part of the Heavenly Dao, an avatar of the Heavenly Dao. However, this avatar only occupies one-thousandth of the power of the Heavenly Dao. Father Emperor's power is also the same. The reason why the Heavenly Dao hasn't shown its strongest power yet is because it wants to protect the world it created. If it doesn't protect it, then the chaos will explode and everything will become nothingness.

As such, if the Heavenly Daos and Father Emperor collapse at the same time, the changes will be unimaginable. At the very least, tens of thousands of Dragons will be born, and existences that are hundreds of times more powerful than Dragons will be born. Of course, at that time, I will also absorb the power of the collapse to grow. "

Gu Chensha said, "Right now, I can't stop Father Emperor from fighting with the Heavenly Daos. My power needs to be on guard against the Emperor Heaven and the others. If they gather all living beings and form the Heavenly Court, it will be truly dangerous. The materials refined from the souls of all living beings can strengthen the Heavenly Daos." "That's right."

Lou Baiyue suddenly had a question, "Ever since the world was created, the Divine Continent has existed. Countless races have sacrificed to the heavens and earth, and after so many years, the Heavenly Daos must have accumulated even more sacrificial power than we do. This sacrificial power can also be refined into Immortal materials to strengthen the Heavenly Daos."

"That's right, the sacrificial power definitely exists. Since ancient times, all living beings have sacrificed to the heavens, but where did the sacrificial power go? If my guess is correct, it must be hidden within the Emperor Heaven's Throne.

Once the Emperor Heaven is born, he can refine this power and give birth to true Immortals. "Gu Chensha seemed to have seen through this.

"The Emperor Heaven's Throne …" Zhuge Ya said, "If we obtain the Emperor Heaven's Throne again, we can cut off all of the Emperor Heaven's foundations and strengthen the Emperor. In the end, we can defeat the Heavenly Daos and completely control the situation.

However, we don't have all the Endless Treasures yet, so we need to find a way to obtain all of them. "

"There's no need to obtain all the Endless Treasures. After refining the Divine Continent and the Four Wilds and adding on the systems left behind by the Prehistoric Civilization, I have completely understood the secrets of the Endless Treasures. I have also released a lot of my power, so I can completely create the Endless Treasures. However, this is already useless. If my guess is correct, the Emperor Heaven's Throne has been taken by the Emperor Heaven.

At the moment when the Heaven Realm changed, when the sun, moon, and stars were sinking, the Emperor Heaven quietly took away the Emperor Heaven's Throne. "

Gu Chensha said, "The Emperor Heaven is also constantly improving. Otherwise, with my current cultivation, I would have completely found him a long time ago. Now, when I calculate him, he is still wrapped in a cloud of fog." "This is a bit difficult."

Lou Baiyue said, "The Emperor Heaven has appeared a few times. Last time when you seized the Heaven Sacrifice Decree and suppressed Wu Dangkong, the Emperor Heaven made a move. When I refined the Empress of Heaven's Origin, the Emperor Heaven also made a move, but this emperor is always seen. I have checked all the people in the imperial court, but I still can't find a trace of this emperor."

"The Emperor Heaven must be hiding in our imperial court, in the Dragonless Cabinet. He will definitely show up."

In a flash, trillions of people appeared in Gu Chensha's mind. Every move and even the inner thoughts of each person appeared in his sea of consciousness. However, those people were eliminated one by one. There was no suspicion of the Emperor Heaven. In the end, Gu Chensha locked on to a few people.

"I have a plan in mind."

Gu Chensha said again, "What you need to do next is to calm the people's hearts and arrest those who have rebelled." "Yes!" Everyone immediately responded.

At this time, Gu Chensha's body moved and disappeared into the Dragonless Gourd. The rest of the people also left to deal with the various affairs of the imperial court.

There were a lot of things to do in the imperial court. There were trillions of people, and these people were not ordinary people. Each of them had mystiques, spells, and some were even very clever. In this way, even the General of Common People could not manage all of them.

Especially when the countless stars in the sky descended into the world, the true bodies of these stars descended. Their strength was extremely terrifying. The lowest was a Heavenly Venerable, and the highest was a Heavenly Essence. The General of Common People could not deal with Heavenly Essence experts and experts at all.

Right now, Gu Chensha could not help the General of Common People to advance to the Heavenly Essence Realm. Even if his mystique was almost the best in the world, the Heavenly Essence Realm was just too strong. He could help one or two people, but it was not easy to help all 360 of the General of Common People.

It should be known that in the future, the Heavenly Essence Realm experts in the Heavenly Court were actually only the Master of the Sun and Moon, the Nine Heavenly Kings, the Empress, a few concubines, and some hidden old antiques.

"The world is so chaotic … I didn't expect that even such a strong imperial court like me would find it hard to suppress the situation." At this moment, Gu Chensha came to the border of Bodhisattva.

At the edge of the Wilderness, there used to be dense primeval forests everywhere. But now, these primeval forests had all been reclaimed and replaced by tall buildings. Huge cities and manors were built between the mountains and rivers. Roads were spread all over the place like a net. In the sky, many cultivators flew about. These cultivators were all commoners.

As time went on, the cultivation of the people of Yongchō got stronger and stronger. Basically, they were all at Dao Realm. Even newborns could reach Dao Realm at such a young age.

As for Dao Realm Six Transformations Xiantian Energy, Nine Transformations Glass Jade Body, Eighteen Transformations Great Dao Golden Core, Twenty Transformations Gather and Disperse Impermanence, and even Thirty Transformations World Creation Experts, there were as many as the hairs on a cow.

In the past, the God level experts were hidden in the minor chiliocosms of the aristocratic families that had existed for thousands of years. They were the true old antiques of the aristocratic families. They were high and mighty and never came out easily. But now, people could see powerful world energy whizzing past in the sky. That was the God level experts hurrying along.

When Gu Chensha landed at the border of Bodhisattva, he saw that the border of Bodhisattva was divided into two distinct worlds. In Bodhisattva, there was light everywhere. Outside of Bodhisattva, it was pitch black. Ghosts cried and gods howled. It was like hell.

In fact, apart from the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wastelands, everywhere else in the Heaven Realm was pitch black. The sun and moon had disappeared, the stars had disappeared, and the world was in pitch black at all times. The living beings there were no less than experiencing the end of the world.

Therefore, anyone with divine abilities would think of all possible ways to come to the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds to bathe in the light.

The moment Gu Chensha arrived at the border of Bodhisattva, he saw many powerful auras flying through the air toward the border.

They were all God level experts with their own microscopic worlds. Those worlds contained all sorts of living beings. They brought those living beings to the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds to spread their roots.

However, before entering the Four Wilds, they had to go through an inspection and explain their origins. Otherwise, they wouldn't be able to enter.

Ever since Gu Chensha had refined the system left behind by the prehistoric civilization, he had refined the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds. A huge greyspace had appeared, covering the sky. Anyone who wanted to enter the Divine Prefecture and the Four Wilds had to go through the inspection of the greyspace.

However, the inspection of the greyspace was very lax. As long as one wasn't a member of the Devil race and wasn't a fiend, they could enter.

In various places in the Heavenly Realm, there were plenty of devils, fiendish demons, and evil gods. These fiends didn't care about the rules. As soon as they entered, they would start killing and plundering. Of course, Gu Chensha wouldn't allow such existences to enter. Whoosh!

A Saint-level expert flew to the side of the greyspace. He stretched out his hand and injected his will into the greyspace. Then, a ball of light surged out from the greyspace and enveloped this Saint-level expert. After a quick inspection, he was sent into the Four Wilds.

"Cool Wind Sage, you're here too?"

After this Sage landed in the greyspace, more than ten God level experts who seemed to be his old friends surrounded him and chatted with each other. One of them, a middle-aged man with a big beard, greeted him.

"West Sea God, I didn't expect you to be here before me. How is it? Have you settled down the citizens of your kingdom? "

Cool Wind Sage asked. "Now that the Heavenly Realm has lost its sun and moon, my people in the Cool Wind Continent can't survive. I could only bring them into my mini world and bring them here." "They haven't settled down yet."

The bearded man was a God level expert called West Sea God. He shook his head and smiled bitterly. "The Imperial Court here is very powerful. Their officials are called the Common People's Marshal. All of them are at the Heavenly Longevity Realm. We can't get any land to settle our people. In my tiny world, there are billions of people. If we release them and give them land, they will definitely occupy large areas of cities. Why would the Imperial Court give it to us? "

"I didn't expect the Imperial Court to be so powerful. This Yongchō Imperial Court is now under the control of the Dragonless Cabinet. It is said that the disappearance of the sun, moon, and stars in the Heavenly Realm has a lot to do with the true master of the Dragonless Cabinet, Gu Chensha."

Another God level expert said. "However, we have a good chance here. It is said that the Imperial Court has a heart technique called the Dragonless Heart Technique. This heart technique can help people reach the Heavenly Venerable Realm and even the Heavenly Longevity Realm." "I heard about it too. That's why I rushed here."

Cool Wind Sage said. "I feel that the Heavenly Realm is about to collapse. Only this place is stable. If the Heavenly Realm collapses, I'm afraid we will be buried in the space-time turbulence."