Chapter 315
===========

"Trying to fool me, the Lord of Seven Stars? That's child's play," said Zhuge Ya with a cold smile.

"Sir Zhuge, what's going on?" asked Lou Baiyue, immediately sensing his psychic fluctuations. "Could it be that someone is plotting against Chensha?" "That should be the case."

Zhuge Ya's cold smile faded, replaced with a solemn expression. "I just did some calculations. The ones plotting against Your Highness are most likely Wu Dangkong and the second prince, Gu Xuansha." "Second Bro?"

The Fourth, Gu Huasha, stared blankly for a moment, then calmed down. "Second Bro has secretly returned. I knew about that a long time ago, but as soon as he returned, he joined forces with Wu Dangkong to deal with the Celestial Calmness Department. That's a bit surprising.

Doesn't he know that the Celestial Calmness Department is extremely powerful now? Large numbers of people have submitted to us. In the past two or three months, our taxes have tripled. " The Fourth wasn't wrong.

The news that Zhuge Ya had submitted to the Celestial Calmness Department as the Lord of Seven Stars had already spread throughout the immortal dao. Many people within the seventy-two profound gates of the immortal dao were shocked.

The Lord of Seven Stars was an ancient legend. She possessed the wisdom of heaven and earth, the power of heaven and earth, and the ability to subvert the natural order of things. In time, the Lord of Seven Stars would become a Saint.

If even the seventy-two profound gates of the immortal dao were shocked, then there was no need to even mention the second and third-rate sects.

In recent days, many sects that had previously refused to submit to the Celestial Calmness Department came knocking, expressing their willingness to pay taxes and ask for protection.

Jin Suibo was in charge of this matter. He was extremely powerful to begin with, and now that he had become the Lord of Five Stars, he was practically a born saint. His cultivation base had advanced by leaps and bounds, and he was able to turn the tides among the second and third-rate profound gates of the immortal dao. During this time, the Celestial Calmness Department's power had snowballed.

Originally, there had been three or four hundred second and third-rate sects pledging allegiance. Now, there were roughly a thousand.

Of course, Jin Suibo's contributions couldn't go unnoticed. He had maneuvered about, roped in, and suppressed them. In just a few months, he had created this explosive situation.

Of course, the various taxes collected from the Calming Immortal Department's treasury were also constantly increasing.

Fortunately, the immortal dao sects that paid taxes to the Calming Immortal Department wouldn't suffer any losses. This was because they could purchase many relatively practical magic treasures from the Calming Immortal Department, such as the Heaven Mending Battle Armor and all sorts of pills.

Gu Chensha's fief had been transformed by the auras of Zhuge Ya, the Vermilion Bird, the Black Tortoise, and the others. Then, it was suppressed by the sphere of the Common People's Wish. Its operation had already surpassed the mystic realms of many immortal dao sects.

Even though he had yet to truly master the Life's Wish Sphere, its original ability to forge artifacts was still there. Furthermore, as the fusion process grew stronger, as long as he had the materials, he would be able to forge artifacts and pills of excellent quality at will.

Like this, those immortal dao sects also felt that there were great benefits, and they were even more willing to submit to the Calm Immortal Department, creating a virtuous cycle.

Be it the Vermilion Bird, the Black Tortoise, Zhuge Ya, or Jin Suibo, they were all top-notch experts. Coupled with the Life's Wish Sphere, which was formed by the Book of Heavenly Demon, Buzhou Palace, and Dragon's Gate, the refinement of magic treasures was like the surging tide.

Overall, if the Calming Immortal Department's strength continued to grow, it would probably become a true powerhouse in three to five years. At that time, it wouldn't be strange for it to subdue the weaker immortal dao sects of the 72 immortal dao sects.

The 72 immortal dao sects weren't monolithic. They fought among themselves, and some even had deep enmity. For example, the Black Heaven Earth Sect and the Black Cosmos Sect both wanted to destroy the other's orthodoxies. These conflicts could also be used.

In fact, Jin Suibo had already decided on some plans. It was to sow discord among the immortal dao sects, and the Calming Immortal Department would reap the benefits. He had always been carrying out this plan.

Countless materials from the immortal dao were selected by Jin Suibo and integrated into the Life's Wish Sphere.

The Life's Wish Sphere was becoming more and more mysterious. It contained many secret techniques, and Zhuge Ya was able to innovate. In terms of aptitude, even many ancient demon race sages were inferior to him.

"Chensha is using the blood and souls of those monsters to refine the most mysterious Heavenly Demon Tree in the Book of Heavenly Demon. This method is good, and those monsters are very useful. To refine the Heavenly Demon Tree as quickly as possible, the fastest cultivation method is to kill living beings and absorb their souls and blood."

Lou Baiyue saw it clearly. "If this tree is refined, it will be enough to suppress the seals of the Bottomless Sea of Sin. No matter how many monsters come, they will be killed, and they will become resources. Those trees will bear all kinds of armors, weapons, pills, magic treasures, and fruits. At that time, our Calming Immortal Department will have another production base." "This is His Highness's plan."

Zhuge Ya clicked his tongue in admiration. "His Highness also seems to feel that someone is plotting against him, so he would rather the seven-colored demonic vine grow slowly to condense the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd from the tree. This treasure needs many days to brew, and once released, it will be extremely powerful. Even an immortal body will be injured." "We have to be prepared at all times."

The fourth brother, Guhuasha, said, "Logically speaking, the Common People's Wish sphere has the ability to break through the void and traverse various dimensions. It's a pity that we can't activate it. Otherwise, we could directly transmit its power and cover the bottomless Sea of Sin for three thousand miles. No matter what kind of monsters there are, we could absorb them all and directly refine the Heavenly Demon Tree." "We don't have this ability yet."

Zhuge Ya frowned. "The biggest obstacle to merging the three treasures is the core of the Heavenly Demon Book. Gouchen's Will, Aunt Hugu, and a few primordial beast souls are gathered together. If they aren't at the core, I should be able to find a way to merge them quickly."

"There is nothing we can do about it. Although we have an agreement with Gouchen and Aunt Hugu, that is all. Actually, no one trusts each other." Jin Suibo's eyes flashed. "However, they can't do anything to us, and we can't do anything to them.

Luckily, we can increase our strength. As the Life's Wish Sphere becomes more and more unified, they won't be able to do much. "

"It is only a matter of time before we suppress them." Zhuge Ya had absolute confidence. "Now, I have an idea …" The higher-ups of the Calm Celestial Department gathered together to discuss. Peng!

At the edge of the Bottomless Sea of Sin, Gu Chensha's Xiantian Astral Energy Shield shrunk once more, and its power became more concentrated.

Ximen Zuo and Ximen You's bodies gave off an explosive sound. That was a change in their consciousnesses. During the intense battle, they actually broke through to Dao Realm Transformation 10, Thousand Ways at One Heart.

The two brothers were geniuses and Gu Chensha taught them the Sky Monster Secret Technique. They were also given large amounts of Seven-Colored Essence Fruits. While consuming them to replenish their Xiantian Astral Energy, they also expanded their meridians and Sea of Energy. They also strengthened the mental energy in their consciousnesses, allowing them to comprehend and break through.

After the two brothers broke through, they became stronger and stronger. They flashed like lightning and under the protection of Gu Chensha's Xiantian Astral Energy Shield, they killed their way in and out and captured many strong monsters. Honglong!

Suddenly, a pitch-black beam of light that was as thick as a water bucket and thousands of feet long smashed onto Gu Chensha's innate energy barrier. The moment the Seven-Colored Demon Vine's vines touched the black light, they melted right away. Zhi zhi zhi zhi … The Seven-Colored Demon Vine's main body gave out a painful cry like it was alive.

The Seven-Colored Demon Vine had a mind of its own and when its tentacles were sliced off, it would feel pain.

"Be careful, this is a demon that is around the 14th Transformation of Dao Realm."

Gu Chensha opened his eyes and looked outside. As expected, among the densely packed monsters that swarmed over, one could see an expert wrapped in a black cloak.

Other people might not be able to see through this monster, but Gu Chensha's Sun Moon Dragon Eye saw through the black cloak.

Within the cloak was a man with a human face and horns on his head. His skin was black and smooth like black jade and his demonic energy was deep like an abyss. This was the nobility of the demon race.

Among the monsters, those that looked like humans were nobles and had a really high status. Be it combat strength, Xiantian Astral Energy, or willpower, they were much stronger than normal monsters.

"This move is the 'Annihilation Wave' of the Infernal Demon Technique recorded in the Maha Suppression Art. This technique uses Xiantian Astral Energy to melt everything. Anything that comes into contact with this light will instantly disintegrate and cease to exist."

Gu Chensha knew that the Ximen brothers were definitely not a match for this devil among the fiends. The Seven-Colored Demonic Vine would also be destroyed. In terms of realm, this monster was on the same level as him.

But he wasn't shocked. Instead, he was delighted. The appearance of such a strong monster meant that he could push the Seven-Colored Demon Vine further.

"Common People Capture!" He sat under the Seven-Colored Demon Vine Tree and suddenly waved his hand.

Immediately, a large hand flew out of the Astral Energy barrier and grabbed at the 14 Transformation Devil Monster.

The demon's expression changed drastically. It repeatedly activated the "Annihilation Wave" to wash over the large hand, but to no avail. With a slight grab from the large hand, the Annihilation Wave was completely shattered, and a boundless aura enveloped the nobleman.

Just as the nobility was about to fall into Gu Chensha's hand, demonic energy rose up from the depths of the demon grass.

The devilish aura turned into countless runes. As the runes combined, they formed a nine-story devil tower. At the top of the devil tower, there seemed to be a huge force suppressing it. It flew over and was about to shatter Gu Chensha's hand.

"This is a Golden Dan Great Dao expert among the monsters."

The Ximen brothers jumped in fright. Golden Dan Great Dao was already an overlord. If such a person appeared in the Divine Prefecture, they could create a thousand-year-old family.

"So it really did appear?"

A smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face. In the instant that the nine-story demon tower appeared, 28 beams of divine light flew out from behind him. These 28 beams of divine light shone with the power of the stars. They resonated with the stars in the sky and carried with them a supreme aura. Whoosh!

The 28 beams of divine light flew out. With a single brush, the nobility of the demon race fell into the tower. He was completely trapped, like a fly frozen in amber.

Then, the divine light flashed again, and the nine-story demon pagoda also fell into it. An angry voice came from the demon pagoda. It was the 18 transformations demon controlling it, but this kind of demon was still no match for Gu Chensha.