Chapter 553
===========

"I didn't even side with them and ended up reaping the benefits. I think it's the same for you, Alliance Leader."

Gu Chensha said, "You benefited from the Celestial Pacification Department, Emperor Wu, Wu Dangkong, and Alliance Leader. You even got protection from the Celestial Master." "Good. You benefited from both sides. That's your advantage."

Gu Tanjian nodded, feeling a little envious. "The more chaotic the situation, the better it is for you. Why didn't I notice such a talent like you before?"

"Alliance Leader, as long as you give me enough benefits, I can still work for you," Gu Chensha said. "Think about what you want to trade with the Celestial Pacification Department."

"I'll let you know in three days," Gu Tanjian said. "Go discuss with the Celestial Pacification Department and see what they think."

"The Celestial Pacification Department looks prosperous on the surface, but it's actually full of danger. They'll do everything they can to increase their strength. "

Gu Chensha said, "Actually, Alliance Leader, you can still work with the three Heavenly Venerables. Not only have I joined the Celestial Pacification Department, but I've also joined Dou Nineteen." "What? You've contacted Dou Nineteen? "Gu Tanjian's interest was piqued.

"That's right." As they spoke, another person appeared in the room. It was Dou Nineteen.

But there was no doubt that this Dou Nineteen wasn't the real one, but a person Gu Chensha had created.

Gu Chensha's cultivation was so profound that he could create many clones, each of which could transform into a different person. Even a Saint would have a hard time recognizing them.

Dou Nineteen was an expert with an undying body, and Gu Chensha's current level was the Twenty-Three Transformations, Past Reflection. His level wasn't high enough, so he could only create superficial changes. Fortunately, he had cultivated the Wish God from the Tree of Wishes. With its aura, he could also simulate the aura of an undying body. He might not be able to fool a god-rank expert, but he could fool Gu Tanjian without a problem.

"Dou Nineteen!" Gu Tanjian's eyes flashed. "You actually believe in Wudang Xing? You've also recruited him under your command? " "Wudang Xing has already acknowledged my senior apprentice brother as his master."

Gu Chensha, who was disguised as Dou Nineteen, had obtained all of Dou Nineteen's memories. Hence, there were no loopholes in his words. "My Senior Martial Brother, the God of Violence, taught Wu Dang Xing the Supreme Divine Art. He even sent him to infiltrate the Calming Immortal Department and did all sorts of things. I suffered a loss at the hands of the Calming Immortal Department. Even the Dragon Cultivation Technique and the Dragon Creation Technique were forced out by the Calming Immortal Department. How could I not seek revenge for this?"

"Violent God!" Gu Tanjian exclaimed. "He's the second-ranked god-rank expert under Celestial Victorious Battle. Wudang Xing, you really have a wide circle of friends. " "I was just lucky."

Gu Chensha, who was disguised as Wudang Xing, chuckled. "Alliance Leader, Young Master Dou Nineteen is right in front of us. If you want to work with the three great Celestial Venerables, Young Master Dou Nineteen is a good choice."

"Gu Tanjian, you are very talented and have a treasure on you. If you can contribute the Blessing of the Sacred Dragon, I can ask my father to accept you as a disciple and secretly remove the latent danger of The Great Spirit God in you. What do you think?" Gu Chensha, who was disguised as Dou Nineteen, said.

Gu Chensha, one as Wudang Xing, the other as Dou Nineteen. The two of them were playing a two-man show.

They wanted to deceive Gu Tanjian once more and squeeze something out of him. The Blessing of the Sacred Dragon was necessary, and it suited Dou Nineteen's identity.

The three great Celestial Venerables did not have the Blessing of the Sacred Dragon, nor did they know the Sacred Dragon Cultivation Technique. The Great Spirit God had the Blessing of the Sacred Dragon, but he obviously did not know the Sacred Dragon Cultivation Technique. Dou Nineteen was also a peerless genius. He only needed a trace of the Blessing of the Holy Dragon to become a natural saint because he had cultivated the Dragon Creation Technique to the extreme.

"A mutual exchange."

Gu Tanjian stared at Dou Nineteen. "Dou Nineteen, although the three great Celestial Venerables are powerful, I did not obtain the Blessing of the Sacred Dragon for nothing. What do you have to exchange for it?"

"Don't tell me you won't agree even if my father accepts you as a disciple?" Dou Nineteen's tone was a little arrogant.

"That's just an empty promise."

Gu Tanjian said, "How about this. How about you exchange the Dragon Cultivation Technique and the Dragon Creation Technique for the Blessing of the Sacred Dragon?

In any case, these two techniques have already been forced away by the Calming Immortal Department. As a result, a portion of the Dragon Cultivation Technique has already been obtained by some of the Calming Immortal Department's disciples. Some of them have even begun to spread it. Some governors and inspectors have also begun to cultivate it. These people will naturally be loyal to the Calming Immortal Department. You have already caused a huge disaster. I'm afraid that after the three great Celestial Venerables are done, you will also be punished. "

Right now, the Calming Immortal Department had not completely publicized the Dragon Creation Technique. The Dragon Cultivation Technique had only been taught to a few of their trusted disciples, governors, inspectors, and officials. Moreover, the Dragon Cultivation Technique was a modified version. It included the path of the common people mending the heavens, the path of the common people reforming, and all sorts of scriptures and prayers. This was to prevent these two techniques from falling into the hands of crafty people.

After all, even if the Calming Immortal Department was very perceptive, once there were a lot of people, they could not be foolproof.

Gu Tanjian was also very cunning. He directly asked Dou Nineteen for these two techniques. He was not afraid that Dou Nineteen would not take the bait. Dou Nineteen was now an unparalleled genius. He needed the Blessing of the Sacred Dragon to advance to the Innate Saint Realm. He believed that Dou Nineteen was even more anxious than him. He would definitely take out the two techniques in exchange.

Of course, Gu Chensha would not give these two techniques to Gu Tanjian. He was just testing the waters.

His incarnation of "Dou Nineteen" laughed. "Brother Snapping Sword, the value of these two techniques is far above the Blessing of the Sacred Dragon. In fact, even if you obtain the Sacred Dragon Cultivation Technique, you will not be able to become an Innate Saint. This is because you need the Dragon Cultivation Technique and Dragon Creation Technique as your foundation.

If my guess is correct, Brother Snapping Sword has already obtained a Minute Dust World. What's left is to send a group of people into your own world. They will cultivate and pray day and night, using their faith to transform the Minute Dust World. If those people in your world learn the Dragon Cultivation Technique and Dragon Creation Technique, the power of faith will increase by a thousand times. " "Brother Dou Nineteen is indeed perceptive."

Gu Tanjian said, "Value is not calculated this way. You and I both need it. What's wrong with exchanging it?

Think about it. If Brother Nineteen cultivated to become an Innate Saint, wouldn't his position under the three great Celestial Venerables rise sharply?

After all, Brother Nineteen is only nineteen. There are still eighteen older brothers and sisters in front of him. Apart from that, there are still some younger brothers and sisters. I heard that Celestial Venerable Victorious Fighter has hundreds of children. " "I see."

Gu Chensha's incarnation of "Dou Nineteen" suddenly had an idea. "I can give you these two techniques. How much Blessing of the Sacred Dragon does Brother Snapping Sword have?"

"Why?" Gu Tanjian asked in surprise. "Does Brother Nineteen need a lot of Blessing of the Sacred Dragon?

With Brother Nineteen's cultivation of the Dragon Cultivation Technique and Dragon Creation Technique as his foundation, as long as a trace of Blessing of the Sacred Dragon is integrated into his two techniques, he can transform into an Innate Saint. Even if he asked for extra Blessing of the Sacred Dragon, it would not have much effect.

If Brother Nineteen doesn't cultivate these two techniques, he might need ten times more Blessing of the Sacred Dragon. " "You don't have to tell me that. I have my own uses for it."

Gu Chensha's incarnation of "Dou Nineteen" laughed. "How about this, give me ten portions of Blessing of the Sacred Dragon, and I will give you these two techniques completely." "Brother Nineteen's appetite is really big."

Gu Tanjian laughed. Suddenly, he flipped his palm, and an illusory world appeared in his palm. In the center of this world, a gourd appeared. Inside the gourd was the Sacred Dragon Blessing. "This is the Sacred Dragon Blessing I obtained from The Great Spirit God. There is only one gourd in total, and the more I use it, the less it will be."

Gu Chensha looked at the gourd of Blessing of the Sacred Dragon. He wanted to take this gourd with him.

This way, the Sacred Dragon Blessing in the gourd, combined with his Heavenly Dao Art, could probably turn Long Zaifei, Lou Huaiyue, Liu Yu, Jia Liang, Qian Zhen, Zhou Bu, and Mo Chao into Innate Saints. That would be terrifying.

The seven of them were already geniuses. Now that they had obtained the Dragon Creation Technique and Dragon Raising Technique, they could consolidate their foundations. Although they weren't as good as Jin Suibo, they were still amazing. With the help of Gu Chensha's Heavenly Dao Art, they could use the Sacred Dragon Blessing to its greatest effect.

As for Long Yuyun, Yu Hanlu, and Bao Ming 'er, they had decent foundations, but they were still far from the seven of them. Even with the Sacred Dragon Blessing, they might not be able to improve. Unless they cultivated the Dragon Creation Technique for decades or even hundreds of years, they might not be able to reach the level of the seven of them.

"To raise the talents of these seven people …" Gu Chensha thought to himself, "I must obtain the Sacred Dragon Blessing in this gourd!

Within these seven days, if we have seven more Innate Saints, our combat strength and Wish Power will increase by leaps and bounds. "

Actually, the difference between geniuses and Innate Saints was in terms of combat strength. At the same realm, for example, at the Dao Realm Seventh Transformation, a Innate Saint could fight against more than ten geniuses.

Back then, when Fa Wuxian barged into Gu Chensha's land and beat up a bunch of people, he was able to come and go as he pleased. However, combat strength wasn't the most important; the most important thing was the Wish Power!

A Innate Saint's talent, the Wish Power, faith, etc., wasn't something that normal people could compare to. It wasn't something that geniuses could compare to either. The higher one's talent, the higher the quality of the Wish Power. The higher one's cultivation, the more Wish Power there was.

Anyway, if a small-sized world had one more Innate Saint's talent, the small-sized world would be extremely nourishing.

If Gu Chensha could raise all seven of them to Innate Saints, it would be a heaven-defying move. However, to the Common People's Wish sphere, it would be more flexible and powerful. Using this sphere to fight would increase their chances of success by at least 30%.

Now that the Calming Celestial Department was facing a calamity, the Demon Race and Celestial Path Sect had joined hands to launch a storm-like attack. In seven days, they would see who was stronger, so Gu Chensha had to think of a way to increase his strength. Now, the Sacred Dragon Blessing could help him increase his strength.