Chapter 1104
============

Chapter 1099: The Fall of Mister Four

"It's been so many years, but Mister Four hasn't improved at all. How pitiful. That's the downside of not having a mind of your own."

Fourth Brother Guhuasha looked into the depths of the Void, feeling a little disdain in his heart. At the same time, he looked at the new world's will, Gu Xinjian, and said, "This person does not have a soul of his own, but he has the existence of the new world in his body, which means he possesses great power at all times. This is incomparable. If Misters Four build their own world and break away from the shackles of the old world, becoming a king with their own strength, they would have endless power."

The Mister Four's power hadn't grown since they were born. They had plenty of ways to increase their power, the most reliable of which was to establish their own universe and become the lord of the universe. Then, they could slowly gather destiny and devour other existences.

Unfortunately, they were born from the will of the old world, and were created to support the main characters in the future. They couldn't establish their own universe and fight against the will of the old world. As a result, their power couldn't improve.

"Being a loyal subject of the will of the old world means death."

The Fourth Gu Huasha thought, "But Mister Four is still the most important subject of the will of the old world. If they die and I refine them, the will of the old world won't be able to control the situation.

That's why the will of the old world will come out to stop me at the most critical moment. It might even want to kill me. But I've roped in Gu Xinjian, so he'll definitely find a way to injure the will of the old world. That way, the two wills will have to fight, and if they both get hurt, I can devour them and push the Skyless Daoless Formation to its limit. When that happens, not even Gu Chensha will be a match for me. Of course, Gu Xinjian won't let me off easy. He probably wants to devour me as well. "

The Fourth Gu Huasha was at the Invincible Deathless level, and was extremely important to both the wills of the old and new worlds. He was an unusual chess piece. Rumble!

The Fourth Gu Huasha finished preparing the Skyless Daoless Formation, and with a sudden movement, space-time shattered to reveal a dimension in which Mister Four appeared.

"Gu Huasha!"

When Mister Wu Wu saw the Lawless Formation Diagram, his expression turned ugly. When he saw the will of the new world, Gu Xinjian, he was even more shocked. "New world will!" "That's right, that's me."

The will of the new world, Gu Xinjian, laughed. "Mister Wuwu, Mister Wuxin, Mister Wuwei, Mister Wuxiang, stop struggling. Just follow me obediently. I can still increase your strength. How about that?" "Don't even think about it. We won't betray our mother."

"The will of the Old World has already been born, and the main character will soon appear. You won't be able to live for long. I think you should abide by the rules of the Old World and give up everything. That way, you can still obtain some status." "Cut the crap."

The Fourth Mister Gu Huasha suddenly closed the array diagram. Instantly, time and space changed, and a huge array enveloped the four Misters. Then, a ferocious smile appeared on his face.

"If this was a thousand years ago, when my array was just completed, there might still be some loopholes and it might not be able to proceed smoothly. Unfortunately, I purposely delayed the activation of the array for a thousand years. Now, when the conditions are right, it will be completed. In these thousand years, (If this chapter isn't finished, please flip) " , "message": "Already subscribed to nt. Remember mobile website: M.