Chapter 1071
============

The Second Main Character The Second Main Character

"These people are fighting and scheming against each other, but they are nothing more than a nest of snakes and rats. If I use some tricks, they will fall apart. But they are still useful to me now, so I won't touch them. I'll let them push for the four realms to unite."

The Fourth Gu Huasha looked at Zhang Yi Ren. In truth, he didn't trust this trash in front of him at all. But Zhang Yi Ren was useful to him.

The Fourth Gu Huasha's cultivation had reached a certain limit. He was just one step away from the Undying Realm.

However, he was stuck at this critical juncture, and needed something important to push him forward. At this time, he needed destiny and great luck to be able to cultivate to the Undying Realm.

"How did Gu Chensha reach the Undying Realm?"

The Fourth Gu Huasha recalled. Suddenly, he realized that when Gu Chensha reached the Undying Realm, there was no movement. It was as if he had done it unknowingly.

"Could it be that Old Nineteen is really a main character? A main character of this era, or even countless eras?" The Fourth Gu Huasha suddenly thought about it. He felt a little discouraged.

Gu Chensha seemed to have been smooth sailing from start to finish. He was invincible. He had never suffered any losses. Countless dangers, great changes in the world, he could always turn them into safety. He was even more of a main character than the main character template. Why was that? The Fourth Gu Huasha couldn't figure it out no matter how he thought about it.

He knew that in this world, strength was born from fate. A person's strength could be determined by their fate. But Gu Chensha had completely surpassed the limit of fate.

From the beginning until now, everything that Gu Chensha had done, he was the creator of fate energy. He was not someone who was bound by fate energy.

Gu Taxian's sudden appearance had already shocked all living beings in the world, but what Gu Chensha had done was far greater than what Gu Taxian had done.

Gu Taxian had established a dynasty in the Divine Central Continent before choosing to merge with the Heavenly Dao, giving birth to something terrifying. As for Gu Chensha, he had turned the Heavenly Realm of the Endless Mainland into the current Human Realm, a multiverse, and had even opened up a brand new world.

In the current multiverse, any random universe was much larger than the human world, not to mention the current Arcane Universe, Mother Nest, Primordius, and Taiwu.

It could even be said that the many universes that were born in the new world were all much larger than this universe.

Gu Chensha's creation of the Dragonless Cultivation Method had inspired a whole new era. People no longer relied on external forces to maintain themselves, but on the endless power deep in their hearts. To Gu Huasha, this was like a dream, and he couldn't tell the difference between a dream and reality.

But even now, he couldn't help but admire Gu Chensha's creation. It was precisely because of this that he wanted to keep up with Gu Chensha and surpass Gu Chensha. This was his motivation, otherwise, his life would be meaningless. He didn't want to follow Lou Baiyue, Zhuge Ya, and the others to walk behind Gu Chensha. Otherwise, he wouldn't be the Fourth, and he wouldn't be Gu Huasha. Back then, he had set out on his own and had great ambitions.

Among the many princes, Gu Chensha had caught up, but at the beginning, many Sages thought highly of him. Even Wen Hong thought that he was comparable to the Born Sage Fa Wuxian. Moreover, he was the incarnation of the Old World's Emperor Heaven. In a sense, he should actually represent the Old World.

Therefore, he had a series of plans and goals. People like Zhang Ziran, Teddy Lin Yu, Lin Xiaofan, and even Zhao Jiangshan were all vulnerable.

Fa Wuxian could at least pose some threat to him, but he was already dead, and only a brand was left. Now, he could only attach himself to others and cause trouble. As for Meholi, he was just a parasite of Fa Wuxian.

"Old Nineteen, Gu Chensha, no matter what, I hope to become the Lord of the Old World."

The Fourth Gu Huasha suddenly let out a long roar. "I hope that the final battle will be completed between us two brothers. I don't want a new protagonist to be born to fight with you."

The unification of the four realms would definitely produce a huge amount of energy and even cause changes in the multiverse. At that time, the Old World would be born. Whoever could become the Lord of the Old World would have the ability to compete with Gu Chensha. At that time, the Lord of the Old World and the Lord of the New World would fight. Whoever won would become the true protagonist of all ages and laugh proudly for countless ages. The Fourth Gu Huasha was very clear about this.

Mister Everlasting and the others weren't the rulers of the Old World. Although their cultivation bases were in the Annulled Deathless level, Fourth Bro Guhuasha knew that if the ruler of the Old World showed up, Mister Everlasting and the others would become his subordinates. The ruler of the Old World was far stronger than Mister Everlasting and the others, otherwise he wouldn't have been able to deal with Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha's power was constantly improving, and the new world was constantly expanding, eroding the foundation of the Old World.

However, no one knew who the Lord of the Old World was, and who the Lord of the Old World was. Anyone with destiny would fight to be the Lord of the Old World.

The Fourth Gu Huasha had an advantage over everyone else, but he wasn't confident that he would become the Lord of the Old World. Who knew what the Lord of the Old World would choose? Or, in other words, who would have the supreme throne fall into the hands of?

It was like the world was in chaos, and the dynasties were fighting for supremacy. Countless vassals had destiny, and no one could see which vassal would rise to the top and seize control of the universe. However, there was one person who could sit on the sidelines. That person was the Lord of the New World, Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha couldn't become the Lord of the Old World. The Lord of the Old World wouldn't choose Gu Chensha. Of course, Gu Chensha wouldn't become the Lord of the Old World either. He was thinking about how to make someone else become the Lord of the Old World and then submit to him.

While the Fourth Gu Huasha was thinking about how to become the Lord of the Old World, Gu Chensha was gathered with Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, and the others. He had arrived in the new world.

There were very few people at the gathering. It was just Gu Chensha himself, Jin Suibo, Zhuge Ya, Wen Hong, and Lou Baiyue.

"Chensha, your plan is gradually being activated. The Arcana World is getting bigger and bigger, and it will become a cage that will completely trap Mister Wu Wu and the others. However, now that Zhao Jiangshan has escaped, will this plan pose a threat to us?" Lou Baiyue asked.

"My plan has gone awry."

Gu Chensha said, "Originally, I wanted to use the Arcana World as a cage to trap Mister Wu Wu and the others. However, the Old World's instincts have retaliated against me. Unknowingly, the Old World's instincts have affected Zhao Jiangshan. It wants him to carry out the Four Realms Unification.

He wants to use the Four Realms Unification to once again form a huge Old World to fight against my new world. " "Then should we destroy this plan?" Zhuge Ya asked.

"There is no need to destroy it. What will come will come sooner or later. I can only make the Old World reach its maximum size and form a complete body. Then, the Master of the Old World will be born to fight against me. Only then will I be able to push my power to the maximum."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "After this battle, the Old World's imprint will be completely erased. Only then will the New World be able to truly control this era." "It seems that the final battle is unavoidable," Wen Hong said. "We might also fall."

"The collision between the New World and the Old World is indeed imminent, and it is inevitable. Otherwise, it would be impossible to trigger the tenth level of the Immortal Realm. Moreover, if we don't carry out the final battle and drag it out, the battles in the future will become more and more intense. I might not even be able to control it. Now that the Old World has formed and the Master of the Old World has been born, I can still control it," Gu Chensha said.

"I have a question," Lou Baiyue said. "Actually, there is one more thing. Who is the Master of the Old World? Is there a definite answer to this?

I think the Fourth also wants to become the Master of the Old World. Fa Wuxian also wants to be resurrected and become the Master of the Old World. In addition, Zhao Jiangshan, Long Xiangtian, and the others all want to rise to the top in a single step.

However, after countless calculations and countless evolutions, I still can't see who the Master of the Old World is and who will inherit the Old World. Everything is hidden in layers of fog. " "I can't see it either."

This time, Gu Chensha encountered some problems. "However, the most promising one is the Fourth. The Fourth is the Emperor Of Heaven, so it is reasonable for him to inherit the Old World's orthodoxy. However, because I injected the power of the New World into his body, the medicinal pills he consumed from the Emperor Of Heaven were not real medicinal pills, so he basically ruled out the opportunity of the Old World. Zhang Ziran is second, but he doesn't have the ability to fight against me. As for Fa Wuxian, Meholi, Lin Xiaofan, Teddy, Lin Yu, and the others, they are just helping others. Zhao Jiangshan is the first person to cultivate the Heavenly Dao, but this caused him to lose his destiny, so he can't become the Master of the Old World. Mister Wu Wu and the others will become the subordinates of the Master of the Old World.

In my opinion, the identity of the Master of the Old World is indeed confusing, and it is difficult to determine who will be born to become the Master of the Old World. I can only catch some clues, but I can't be sure. " "Will there be a new main character?"

Lou Baiyue smiled. "All these years, we have created countless universes, countless worlds, and in each of them, there will be people who are like the main characters, invincible and invincible, but once they reach the multiverse, they are just giants. Are we going to witness the birth of the biggest main character?"

"Almost. Once this main character is born, he will be a threat to me. He is my greatest enemy. Only by defeating him can we usher in a new world. If he defeats us, our new world will be reduced to nothing," Gu Chensha said.