Chapter 694
===========

The first-rate aristocratic families of the world, such as the Legalists, Heng, Fan, Lei, Wen, Military, Wu, Hong, Nong, and many others, numbered in the dozens. Some of the families that had tried to force him to abdicate didn't come, but not all of them were hostile to the Imperial Court.

There were also some families that had hidden themselves and formed their own systems. They didn't cooperate with the Imperial Court, but they didn't oppose it either. They closed their doors and lived their own lives. Gu Chensha couldn't wipe them out all at once.

Any aristocratic family that had existed for thousands of years would have millions of disciples. It was just that most of them were in the Minor Chiliocosms. Gu Chensha couldn't bring himself to let the Xingqiong clan devour all of them. No matter what, they were all people under the Yongchō clan.

Gu Chensha only wanted to get rid of the main culprit, and let the rest of the disciples blend in with the common people.

Moreover, if the Xingqiong clan devoured the Minor Chiliocosms of the aristocratic families and became a medium-grade world, they would become a huge enemy in the future. Gu Chensha hoped that the Common Life's Wish sphere would subjugate all the Minor Chiliocosms, rather than let the Xingqiong clan devour them and support the enemy.

The Xingqiong clan was a dangerous factor, constantly wanting to devour the divine continent and its people. In some sense, he was even more dangerous than the three Heavenly Sovereigns.

In truth, Gu Chensha really wanted to suppress, kill, and refine the Xingqiong clan. Unfortunately, he didn't have the strength to do so. He could only feign civility with the Xingqiong clan. Of course, now that he had cultivated the Common Life Monarch, the Xingqiong clan could no longer stay in the medium-grade world.

Of course, he didn't want to fight to the death with the Xingqiong clan and let others take advantage of him.

"How about this? Let's not deal with the aristocratic families. Instead, we'll join forces to deal with the demons, or Wan Senshi. What do you think?

Actually, capturing the demons' Minor Chiliocosms can also turn your Minor Chiliocosm into a medium-grade world. Moreover, you'll be doing a great service to the divine continent. "

Gu Chensha said, "Eliminate the Demonic Disaster, protect China, and restore balance to the world. This is what you should do."

"Wrong, the devil calamity is inevitable. It's a method to create a balance between yin and yang in this world. Right now, Yongchō is too powerful, with the appearance of the Heavenly Talisman Immortal Emperor, he's a threat to the Heavenly Daos. Hence, the Heavenly Daos sent down many powerful methods to deal with the devil calamity. If I try to stop it, I would suffer the tribulation of the Heavenly Daos, weakening my destiny. At that time, it would be extremely difficult for me to advance." Xing Qiongshi replied.

"Hahaha …" Gu Chensha laughed loudly, "Xing Qiong Shi, are you afraid that the Heavenly Dao will weaken your fate?

In reality, you are also an existence that defies the heavens and opposes the dao. Back then, you were the divine continent's number one vicious existence, killing many heavenly sons of heaven. Many true deities finally suffered a calamity. Could it be that you are scared because of this? Not daring to defy the heavens?

I can see that you still have lofty ambitions. The medicinal pill you refined is also called the heaven-defying Mutated Pill. "

"You have obtained the ancient Buddhist Sect's inheritance, the Lotus Blossoming Tongue. Unfortunately, no matter what you say, I won't go against the devil race. Looks like it's going to be extremely difficult to obtain benefits from you. In that case, we won't be working together for now.

You want me to go deal with Wan Senshi, but I don't want to go against that giant. You can rely on yourselves to save that Yuhuan Lu of your Calmness Celestial Division. "

As he spoke, Xing Qiong Shi's body twisted slightly, and he used some unknown method to leave this dimensional realm.

"Amazing."

Gu Chensha watched as Xing Qiong Shi left, but he didn't stop him. "I didn't expect that even after cultivating the King of Common Life, I still wouldn't be able to suppress Xing Qiong Shi. This person is truly worthy of being the divine continent's number one vicious existence, the King of Divergent. He has his own plans. " "That's because Your Highness hasn't reached the Deity realm yet.

Your Highness can reach the Deity realm at any time. Once you do, the Common Life's Wish sphere will become a whole new world. " Sou!

At this moment, Zhuge Ya, Jin Suibo, The Fourth, Gu Huasha, and Lou Baiyue all received the news and returned. When they saw Longevity God and the King of Common Life, they couldn't help but exclaim in admiration.

Gu Chensha noticed that Zhuge Ya had reached the Dao Realm 32 Transformation, One Thought Connecting to Heaven. He was just a step away from becoming a Saint.

Be it Jin Suibo, The Fourth, or Lou Baiyue, their cultivation was the same as his. They reached the Dao Realm 29 Transformation and comprehended the Chaos Realm. Soon, they would be able to cultivate to the Deity Realm.

They were all born with the qualifications of Saints, and with Gu Chensha perceiving more and more of the Holy Dragon Heart Sutra, everyone's cultivation base rose rapidly. Moreover, Gu Chensha had obtained countless inheritances and secret techniques. By fusing them into a furnace and using his dimensional realm to calculate, he was able to calculate many secret techniques to perfection and turn them into his own.

It was because of this that the cultivation speed of these giants far exceeded that of the Deity Realm Saints in history.

If one had the support of a medium-sized world, along with Deity Realm Saints, numerous secret techniques, resources, and luck, they would be even dumber than pigs.

"It seems like the people of our Deity Realm are going to advance to the Deity Realm on a large scale. With the King of Common Life holding down the fort, the five elements will be perfected, and the three True Gods of Fortune, Fortune, and Longevity will be activated. Our luck, fortune, and lifespan will all reach the limit."

Gu Chensha said, "Right now, Longevity God has completely connected with our Deity Realm. He has contributed greatly to our Deity Realm in obtaining the King of Common Life and heavily injuring the Dharma Saint. Therefore, he is now one of the giants and is in charge of the matters of the immortal path together with Jin Suibo. Your mission is to try your best to rope in the other immortal path mystical sects so that they can share weal and woe with us." "Yes!"

After Longevity God had gone through this confrontation with the Dharma Saint and obtained great benefits, he was completely convinced by Gu Chensha and no longer had any other thoughts. Moreover, he was extremely glad that he had joined the Deity Realm. Otherwise, how could he have obtained so many benefits? In fact, if he hadn't joined the Deity Realm, he would have already died in this storm.

"This subordinate will definitely contact the immortal path and cooperate with Lord Jin Suibo to control the situation. I also have some ideas. The immortal path mystical sects and primordial orthodox sects don't pay taxes. This time, we will collect taxes from them to enrich the resources of our Deity Realm. We will let them know that the land under the heavens belongs to the emperor. Of course, before this, we must deal with Wan Senshi with all our strength. We must seize back Yuhuan Lu and destroy the New Divine Prefecture.

We must re-establish our prestige in the immortal path. Otherwise, I'm afraid that many major forces will think that we are really afraid of Wan Senshi. "Longevity God was eager to give it a try.

"That's right, it's time to teach Wan Senshi a lesson. In the past, our wings weren't fully developed.

Indeed, we couldn't resist Wan Senshi. If it weren't for Wan Senshi being afraid of His Majesty's gold medal, I'm afraid he would have become even more aggressive and thrown the imperial court into chaos. "

Lou Baiyue's eyes flashed with killing intent. "Now that you have cultivated the King of Common Life, you are a Celestial Venerable that can suppress destiny and dimensional realms. This is completely different. We have the capital to fight him head-on. I don't believe that even if he is an ancient antique, he can still resist the suppression of so many of our forces."

"I have confidence in the battle on Wan Senshi's side. What we are worried about now is the Immortal Master. The Heavenly Craftsman Institute controlled by the Immortal Master is slowly nibbling away at our control over the common people. After rescuing Yuhuan Lu, we will have to reformulate the national policy. My idea is that the prehistoric civilization and the immortal path civilization can be combined to create a new civilization. We shouldn't resist the prehistoric civilization and give the common people new choices. After all, in the path of cultivation, very few people can truly cross layers of barriers and reach the peak.

And the various genetic evolution methods of the prehistoric civilization can make up for these flaws, "Gu Chensha said.

"This is also a brand new idea, but I'm afraid that it will form two major factions and cause a situation of division."

Lou Baiyue and Zhuge Ya both thought the same thing. "According to the genetic evolution methods of the prehistoric civilization, once the genes evolve, the acupoints and meridians in the body will disappear. Although they will retain their human form, they will have evolved into another species and will no longer be able to cultivate the methods of the immortal path. Over time, the evolved humans and the immortal path will clash sooner or later, and I'm afraid the gains won't make up for the losses."

"I also know this, but this path is correct. The integration of the two great civilizations is what Imperial Father needs. Otherwise, how could Imperial Father establish the Celestial Designer Institution, establish the Celestial Calming Department, and let the Celestial Master manage the Celestial Designer Institution?"

Gu Chensha thought deeper than them. "Even if we don't develop this civilization, the Celestial Master will eventually develop it. In the end, there will still be a conflict. If that's the case, why don't we take the first step? Moreover, when the immortal path civilization reaches its peak, there will be a bottleneck, and the prehistoric civilization was the same.

If the two are combined, they might be able to break through some kind of limit and give birth to a brand new civilization. " "You're still the one who thinks deeply about this."

Lou Baiyue thought for a while. "This kind of trend can't be stopped. Moreover, the prehistoric civilization also made it convenient for those who can't cultivate and comprehend their nature. If we stop this matter from spreading, it's the same as blocking their path of advancement. In this way, the cause and effect of this will produce a huge amount of resentment, causing the Celestial Designer Department to develop in a bad direction. If that's the case, we might as well guide it. Who knows, maybe it'll be a good thing. "

"My Heaven-Dao Magic can peer into many of the methods of the prehistoric civilization," Yang Qi said. "There are plenty of secrets about the prehistoric civilization. Besides, I have a fragment of the Epoch Cruiser, which contains many of the prehistoric civilization's methods of using power. It's a miracle that it can absorb the power of the universal tideflow.

With my auguries and enlightenment, I can definitely deal with some of the methods of the Celestial Designer Department. "Gu Chensha was completely confident in his abilities.