Chapter 719
===========

Gu Chensha had absorbed the memories of countless experts. It could be said that he had a great understanding of all magic treasures and cultivation methods in the world. There were very few people in the world who were more knowledgeable than him.

However, Gu Chensha didn't know the whereabouts and secrets of the Book of Immortal Wisdom, as well as the specific method to refine it. If he did, even if he created a replica and injected it into the depths of a puppet's mind, the puppet's computing power would be greatly enhanced. Unfortunately, the Book of Immortal Wisdom had long since disappeared in the long river of time. Even if Gu Chensha was very knowledgeable, he might not be able to understand its secrets. Therefore, it was very difficult for him to restore the refining method of the book. However, from the looks of it, the Martial Saint seemed to know something.

"What? Sir Martial Sage seems to know the whereabouts of the Book of Immortal Wisdom? "

Gu Chensha asked. "I already know many things about the Dharma Saint. I've peeped into all of the Dharma Saint's memories, and after digesting them, they became my resources. But there's nothing about the Book of Immortal Wisdom. "

"I've seen the book before. The reason I was able to become a Martial Sage was because I had a fortuitous encounter. It was this book that helped me deduce the path of martial arts, which allowed me to reach the founding realm and become a Sage. But then the Book of Immortal Wisdom flew away. It really does contain the supreme secrets of immortal wisdom. According to the rumors, this book is the crystallization of the wisdom of the prehistoric civilization.

The prehistoric civilization had a few treasures that represented their civilization. One was the Epoch Cruiser, and the other was the Book of Immortal Wisdom. " "So Sir Martial Sage knows the whereabouts of the Book of Immortal Wisdom?" Gu Chensha asked.

"That's not it either. The Book of Immortal Wisdom itself is a treasure equivalent to the Vast Thousand Worlds. Although it can't compare to the Prehistoric Dragon Sect, the Heavenly Sacrificial Talisman, or the Primordial Tree, it is still far above any other Innate Numinous Treasure. Moreover, this book wasn't born from the Innate Chaos, but the crystallization of the wisdom of the prehistoric civilization. It was created by humans, and by humans who don't know any magical arts at all." The Martial Saint said, "The wisdom within it is something that we cultivators can't even imagine.

However, I have some clues and have comprehended a small part of the Book of Immortal Wisdom. I can share them with you guys so that your puppets will be more perfect and their deduction abilities will be stronger. " As the Martial Saint spoke, he sent a will over.

Gu Chensha's expression flickered, and he accepted the will into his body. Immediately, a book appeared in the depths of his sea of consciousness. This book seemed to be all-encompassing, containing all the wisdom in the world. With this wisdom, it was possible for him to live forever and reach the realm of immortality. This book also contained countless knowledge.

At this moment, Lou Baiyue had also received the information from this book. She seemed to have a deeper understanding of it than Gu Chensha, because she was proficient in the Great God Massacre Technique. This technique itself contained many secrets of the prehistoric civilization. The principles of energy combining, circulating, combining, circulating, and vibrating were all excavated from the prehistoric civilization.

Therefore, the Martial Saint's comprehension of the Book of Immortal Wisdom was even more useful to Lou Baiyue.

Gu Chensha digested it even faster than Lou Baiyue. He immediately inserted his Heavenly Dao Technique into the Tree of World. The Tree of World was like a huge factory that absorbed a huge amount of fusion elemental energy. It then started to decompose, refine, and combine them. In the end, it actually created a thin book. It was a counterfeit of the Book of Immortal Wisdom.

The thin book was grotesque and motley, filled with countless information, formulas, characters, magical techniques, and calculations. It seemed to contain the deepest mysteries of heaven and earth.

Gu Chensha shot the book into Common People's Marquis's body. Instantly, Common People's Marquis started to change. He seemed to have been reborn, reaching a level where everything was accounted for. Sou sou sou!

The Marquis changed many times, turning into a ball of light. In the depths of the light, there were numerous pieces of information.

Within it, it showed the population, life force, and vegetation of the various provinces, provinces, prefectures, counties, towns, and villages of the Yongchō. The scenes changed faster and faster. It was like in just a few hours, it could sort out all of the population, all of the places, all of the government affairs, all of the big and small matters of the Yongchō.

The entire complicated Imperial Court Country was in a mess, but the Marquis was able to sort it all out in just a few hours. From there, he was able to give the perfect orders and responses. This was pretty much a miracle.

In history, any Emperor, even the ancient Son of Heaven couldn't compare to him. At least in terms of swift and decisive efficiency, they couldn't compare to the Marquis. Of course, even a swift and decisive Emperor would need the cooperation of his subordinates.

Now, the Marquis had such a foundation. He had the support of the Common People's King, this Heaven Venerable level giant. Below him were 360 Common People's Generals who comprehended Chaos Realm at the 29 Changes. Apart from that, the students from the Common People's Wish College could help. At least they could follow orders and instantly the entire country was united.

"Next is to refine the Common People's Officials, Common People's Apostles, Common People's Generals, Common People's Marquis, and Common People's King."

Lou Baiyue said, "The Common People's Officials, Common People's Apostles, and Common People's Generals are easier to create. With our current cultivation, we can create large amounts of these puppets. Of course, calling them puppets doesn't sound nice. We should call them Senators."

"We can start to test it out, but we can't promote it all at once. For example, the few states near Sin Province, because there are many Demon Race people, we can swap out the officials and change them to Common People's Senators."

Gu Chensha said, "It can be said that everything is ready now. I will accompany the Martial Saint to walk around and observe the changes in the people's lives, the destiny of the nation, and the martial fate. Perhaps the Martial Saint will be able to comprehend something new and advance to the Celestial Venerable Realm."

The Martial Saint had revived and was reborn after a calamity. With the sacrifice of the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, his strength had reached the peak of the 36 Changes. He had Embodiment Transformation and was even stronger than a Martial Emperor at his peak. After the Dharma Saint was reborn, he quickly became a Heaven Venerable. Although the Martial Saint was inferior to the Dharma Saint back then, in terms of battle prowess, he still surpassed the Dharma Saint.

The Dharma Saint was ranked first among the many Saints. He didn't rely on battle prowess, but on his management ability. He was able to unite the hearts of his family, sect, and even country, allowing them to develop rapidly. His overall strength, sacrifice, and faith were unrivaled in the world.

In this aspect, the Martial Saint couldn't compare to the Dharma Saint. Although his martial path was heavenly, if he couldn't compare to the Dharma Saint in terms of management, he could only admit defeat. Because of this, the highest realm was for all living beings to be united.

Now, the Martial Saint wanted to observe the world and see the unprecedented grand era. He hoped to comprehend the principles within and finally break through the realm that he couldn't break through to Heaven Venerable Realm.

As long as the Martial Saint could become an Empyrean, he could return to his Martial Saint's Heavenly Abode, unify the Wu Clan's disciples, and rely on the imperial court. To the Calming Immortal Department, this would be a tremendous benefit. The significance of this was no small matter.

"Sir Martial Saint, then I will be your host and bring you around the world. Let's take a look at this picturesque landscape and the most glorious era." Gu Chensha's figure flashed as he rose up.

"The guest will follow the host's wishes." The Martial Saint smiled. With that, the two of them left the dimensional realm sphere.

The Martial Saint admired the many people of the Calming Immortal Department for being able to cultivate a dimensional realm. He asked a few questions and nodded repeatedly. The Calming Immortal Department had already become a colossus; it was impossible to shake it.

"Brother Chensha, you may be thriving with each passing day, but you still need to be on guard against the three great Empyreans. These three are the most sinister, cunning, shameless, and enduring existences in the world." The Martial Saint warned.

"I've already taken precautions against this. The three Empyreans are my strongest opponents. Of course, there is also the Great Spirit God who swallowed the Sorcerer Ancestor." Gu Chensha and the Martial Saint began to converse.

"Speaking of the Great Spirit God, I also know that this god is far more cunning than any Empyrean. However, even if the three Empyreans join forces, the Great Spirit God still won't be able to do anything to them." As the Martial Saint and Gu Chensha spoke, they first landed in the old capital city.

Now, besides the Imperial Palace, which still maintained its original appearance, the city, the streets, everything else had changed.

Gu Chensha and the Martial Saint suddenly appeared on the wide streets of the old capital city. This didn't cause any abrupt changes.

The streets of the old capital city weren't paved with stone mud. Instead, they were paved with a green jade-like substance. It wasn't iron or stone, and it was very comfortable to step on.

In the old capital city, there weren't any carriages coming and going like in other cities. Instead, there were people on foot. On both sides of the green jade-colored road were clear ditches. Countless colorful fishes swam in the ditches, spitting out bubbles. These bubbles actually contained some Spirit Qi.

On both sides of the road, there were all kinds of exotic flowers and plants, and their fragrance assailed the nostrils.

Some young ladies and scholars wandered among the flowers and the green jade-colored road. They felt carefree and happy, as though they were in a fairyland.

"The capital city has actually been transformed into such a state?"

The Martial Saint looked at the entire old capital city. It seemed like a huge garden, and the houses were also ancient. The courtyards and pavilions were surrounded by a myriad of flowers. The green jade-like mountains and rivers made one feel more comfortable walking in it than walking in a painting.

"Right now, the land of China is filled with tall buildings. This is a good thing, but it also destroys the atmosphere. Therefore, we transformed the old capital city into a huge garden.

In this garden, people can enjoy and play to their heart's content, washing away the dust in their hearts. "Gu Chensha and the Martial Saint walked slowly, enjoying the atmosphere here.

After traveling for half a day, the old capital city was truly a fairyland on earth. Every day, it attracted countless tourists, and countless rich people bought courtyards and residences in the capital city.

As long as one stayed in the old capital city, the four seasons of the year would be filled with the fragrance of flowers, and the spring scenery would be pleasant. It was as though there wasn't a change of seasons, and everything was everlasting. = = This site's Book Chasing Divine Tool has been released!

All the books are updated at the speed of light, so that the fans don't have to wait in torment, and don't miss any exciting chapters! A must have for bookworms! Follow the official WeChat account zaixianxiaoshuo (Press down for 3 seconds to copy) Download this site's reader!