Chapter 771
===========

The Immortal Master had dispersed the power of the little Hong Meng Tree with just one move.

The little Hong Meng Tree was a manifestation of the World Tree. It had gathered the power of the Azure Dragon, White Tiger, Vermilion Bird, Black Tortoise, and North Star Tree, as well as many Minor Chiliocosms and a Medium Chiliocosm.

Its destructive power was immense. Even the Immortal Master himself wouldn't be able to withstand it.

Back then, Gu Chensha had taken advantage of the fact that the Lord of the Sun and Moon, Gu Tiansha, had been affected by the tribulation of the Celestial Realm and hadn't regained his composure to use the little Hong Meng Tree to erase one-tenth of his source.

But the Immortal Master was different now. She had used some sort of mysterious system. With the power of the system gathered, she wasn't afraid of the little Hong Meng Tree's scouring.

Gu Chensha knew that he could only fight the Immortal Master if he used the Great Divine Prefecture Technique. He wasn't afraid at all. All of a sudden, he punched out.

A hundred images of the Divine Prefecture appeared on his fist. Ninety-nine clear images, and one and a half clear images.

This was the power of the Great Divine Prefecture Technique. The might of the Divine Prefecture Technique tore through the air and gathered on Gu Chensha's fist.

The power of the Divine Prefecture Technique was stronger than that of the Sun and Moon Great Thousand Worlds. Bang!

The two forces collided again. The Immortal Master retreated three steps, while Gu Chensha flickered continuously, dispelling the Immortal Master's attack. The two of them were actually evenly matched.

However, Gu Chensha could already tell that the Immortal Master still had a killer move up her sleeve. She just didn't dare use it. Of course, Gu Chensha also had a desperate move, which was the true Divine Prefecture Fusion. He would abandon himself and merge with the Divine Prefecture Technique, which would allow him to unleash his greatest power. Even the Immortal Master was afraid of him.

"Gu Chensha, you can't do anything to me," the Immortal Master said. "Your current strength is inferior to mine.

You should be able to suppress a Celestial Venerable, but you're still lacking when it comes to dealing with me. Unless you become a Sage and perfect your power, you'll be able to do whatever you want, just like the Lord of the Sun and Moon Gu Tiansha. " "So, it's futile for me to reform the Heavenly Craftsman Institute today?"

Gu Chensha laughed, "But Immortal Master, I will become a Sage very soon. If you cooperate with me now, we can compromise and we can still be friends. If you insist on going about things the wrong way, I'm afraid that the first person I suppress after I become a Sage will be you." Gu Chensha was at the Dao Realm 32 Transformation, One Thought Connecting to Heaven.

He was only one step away from mastering the Thirty-Three Transformations of the Saint Heart of Truth. Once he succeeded, his combat strength, cultivation, and production capacity would all undergo a tremendous change.

Take the Sun-Moon Lord Gu Tiansha for example. The moment he ascended to become a Saint, he became extremely arrogant and despotic. He single-handedly came to wipe out the Calming Immortal Department and even sealed off the Calming Immortal Department's Sphere of Common People's Wish, not allowing other antiques to get a share of it. If it was not for the fact that Gu Chensha had cultivated to the Deity level and appeared in time, he might have really accomplished the magnificent feat of wiping out the Calming Immortal Department.

If Gu Chensha became a Saint, he would be even stronger than him. That was because the power Gu Chensha drew from the Divine Prefecture was much stronger.

Moreover, Gu Dusha had devoured a tenth of his Origin and used his Heavenly Law to refine it. In this way, Gu Dusha had become an existence that had never appeared since ancient times. No one could understand it. It was close to immortal, undying, indestructible, unbreakable … This realm could no longer be understood by the people of the world.

Even Gu Chensha himself couldn't guess exactly what sort of changes would occur after he devoured Gu Chensha's quintessence. He only knew that he had become stronger.

Originally, when Gu Chensha cultivated to the Deity level, he could only fight against Heavenly Venerables and be on the same level as the Martial Saint Heavenly Venerables. Even so, this was already shocking.

The difference between the Deity level and the Heavenly Venerables was like the difference between a Dao Realm cultivator who hadn't cultivated preheaven empyrean energy and a Deity level cultivator.

But after becoming a Deity, he had swallowed 10% of the source essence of Gu Chensha, the Lord of the Sun and Moon. Because of that, he had undergone fundamental changes. Now that he was in the Thirty-Two Transformations, he could even fight against the Heavenly Longevity Realm.

More importantly, the Immortal Lord was mysterious and unfathomable. He was a terrifying being born of primordial chaos creatures.

"Given your current strength, Gu Chensha," the Immortal Lord said with a sharp look in his eyes, "I'm afraid it's impossible for you to become a Saint given your current strength. Others might not be able to see it, but I can. Unless you devour the source essence of Gu Chensha, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, there's no way you can become a Saint.

"If you want to deal with Gutiansha, then you should be working with me, not opposing me. We can work together to capture him. You can use the Divine God Grand Magic, and I can use the Systems of the One God of the Prehistoric Civilization to capture him before he recovers. Then we can split him fifty-fifty. What do you say?

That would benefit us the most. My God System of the Sun and half of the Essence of Gu Chensha would be able to recover, and you would be able to reach the Celestial Level.

We can both take what we need. If we fight and both get hurt, Gu Chensha will benefit. That wouldn't be a good thing. " "You have a point," the Immortal Lord said. Gu Chensha's eyes flickered. "I just can't find him. Don't tell me you think you can find him?"

Gu Chensha, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, could rapidly improve his cultivation base. If he could track him down and take some of his source essence, Gu Chensha might be able to let the Immortal Lord off the hook. The Immortal Lord was using that as a bait, and it was very tempting.

"If you can find him," Gu Chensha said, "I can work with you for a while. Why don't you tell me what you want to do, and I'll see if we can work things out." "Of course I know where he is," the Immortal Lord said. "We're working together.

Back when we were working together, I had already secretly made arrangements and knew everything. "The Immortal Master said," Now, can we talk about working together? " "How do we work together?"

Gu Chensha said. "My suggestion is that we work together to subjugate Gu Chensha and split his source essence. Besides, you can't repair the systems of the One God. Only my heaven-dao magic can repair the damage, and even absorb the will of the dao of heaven. That way, the systems can unleash their full potential. You'll have to rely on me for that.

You working with Gu Tiansha, the Lord of the Sun and Moon, is like asking a tiger for its skin. You want to plot against him, and he wants to plot against you. I can say for sure that the Immortal Lord is plotting against your prehistoric civilization's One God System that replaces the Heavenly Dao. Because in this world, other than me, only a freak like him can unleash the power of the System and repair it.

If he takes the systems of the One God from you, no one will be able to do anything about him. You have to be careful. Although we're working together to deal with him, I suspect that you're actually working with him to deal with me. You're trying to lure me into a dangerous situation. I have to think about that. Immortal Lord, I know you too well. You probably don't know how well I know you, do you? I know all of your experiences, your schemes and schemes. " Of course, Gu Chensha didn't trust the Immortal Lord.

In the dream world that the Heaven Realm's will had pulled him into, the Celestial Master's personality was crafty, sinister, and ruthless. He was a peerless hero. This time, the Celestial Master's suggestion to join forces with him to deal with Gu Tian Sha was definitely a scheme to lure him into the trap. How could he trust the Immortal Lord?

"Gu Taxian's son really isn't a good person. I can't believe you're suspecting me."

The Immortal Lord frowned. "This is the best time to deal with Gu Chensha. He hasn't recovered from his battle with you. If we delay any longer, we'll miss the opportunity." "No matter what you say, it's useless."

Gu Chensha waved his hand. "How about this. You attack first, find Gu Chensha, and fight him. I'll naturally work with you to defeat and seal him. How about it?

Also, I need to see the systems of the One God. That's the only way I can help you get rid of some of its flaws. "

"You're a very cautious person, Gu Chensha," the Immortal Lord said with a cold smile. "You're always trying to take advantage of me. The ancient civilization I acquired is the most mysterious and powerful entity in existence.

If I let you inject the Heavenly Dao technique into it, with your ability, you will immediately be able to understand the secrets within. In that case, my Heavenly Designer Institution will be meaningless. You can completely obtain the knowledge and build a brand new Heavenly Designer Institution, "the Immortal Master sneered.

"Oh really?"

Gu Chensha said. "It's not that simple, Immortal Lord. You're mistaken. The Heavenly Designer Institution and the Calming Immortal Department aren't about treasures, machines, cultivation techniques, or medicinal pills. They're about people. I have a fragment of the Epoch Cruiser, which means I can use it to unravel the secrets of the ancient civilization. Do you really think I don't know anything about the machines of the ancient civilization?

My body as the King of Common Life contains a fragment of the Epochal Cruiser, which will be of great help to your One God System. I can't believe you refused me. What a pity. "