Chapter 955
===========

Geniuses remembered in a second, 'Go if you like? Say → ', providing you with wonderful novels to read. Chapter 952: The Reform In the Human Realm

High up in the sky, at the highest node where mortals couldn't reach, the Heavenly Court operated eternally, its majesty boundless.

The Heavenly Court was as huge as the Divine Central Continent in the past, and its four legs were the four wastelands.

However, at this moment, the Heavenly Court had a much more sacred luster than before. This was because the Celestial Thearch had gathered countless sacrifices and refined Immortality. He had even obtained some variant source energy, making the Heavenly Court even more powerful. At this moment, a meeting was being held in the highest central hall of the Heavenly Court.

This meeting was presided over by the Celestial Thearch. The Celestial Thearch sat on a high throne. His entire body was incomparably huge, and he wore a flat crown. Bead curtains hung down, making it impossible to see his true appearance. The Emperor Of Heaven's throne beneath him presented a color that didn't exist in the world.

The Emperor Of Heaven's throne used to be in the deepest part of the Heavenly Realm, inside the Celestial Gate. It could only be opened by gathering all thirty-six treasures and obtaining the Emperor Of Heaven's throne.

But because of the changes in the Heavenly Dao, the Celestial Realm had shattered ahead of time. The Emperor Of Heaven hadn't gathered all thirty-six treasures, but he had already secretly obtained the Emperor Of Heaven's throne and established a brand new Heavenly Court.

According to the original development of history, after the Divine Central Continent had been refined by Gu Chensha, the Emperor Of Heaven would have been homeless and become a wandering ghost.

But the Emperor Of Heaven had also had a fortuitous encounter. Not only had he obtained the Emperor Of Heaven's throne ahead of time, but he had also established a brand new Heavenly Court, making it even more powerful.

The Emperor Of Heaven sat on the throne of the Heavenly Court. Below him were the gods, immortals, heavenly kings, celestial lords, and various other officials, all lined up according to their positions. This was the first court meeting since the establishment of the Heavenly Court, and it was of great significance.

"Everyone."

The Celestial Emperor let out a thunderous roar, causing the entire Heavenly Court to tremble slightly. This showed his immense power, which was almost boundless.

"This is the first meeting since the Heavenly Court established the human world and established order. The Demons, Immortals, Gods, and Underworld have all been at peace. This meeting can be said to be the most crucial meeting to gather destiny, to change the universe, to create the future, and to pacify fate. It has great significance. All of you who are able to participate in the conference can obtain immortality. "

All of the ministers of the Heavenly Court dropped to their knees. "Congratulations, Emperor Of Heaven. May the Heavenly Court be everlasting and deathless. May the Heavenly Court be established, and may not be destroyed by a trillion tribulations." "Very good."

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "Everyone, there are a few goals for this meeting. First, although the Heavenly Court has been established, there is a flaw, and that is that the Heaven Empress hasn't returned. However, she is about to appear, and once she does, the Heavenly Court will be truly complete."

"Your Majesty, the Heaven Empress' source was taken by that Lou Baiyue. I think we should kill Lou Baiyue and obtain the source." Concubine Wu Dangkong, who was sitting below the Emperor Of Heaven, suddenly said.

Wu Dangkong was actually very unwilling. She had always wanted to become the new Heaven Empress, but the Emperor Of Heaven didn't give her the chance. He even wanted to choose a new Heaven Empress. This made her angry, but there was nothing she could do.

As long as the Heaven Empress didn't appear, she was basically below one person and above billions of people.

"Concubine Ming, you have worked hard and done a lot, and I have seen it all. I definitely won't mistreat you. However, the Heaven Empress already has a new person, and that is something that cannot be changed. You will forever enjoy the position of Concubine Ming, and that is also a blessing." The Emperor Of Heaven said calmly.

"I just want to help Your Majesty stabilize the situation. After all, the Eternal World, the Otherworld, and even the mutated source of the Ancient Dao Immortal are still here. They can cause great damage to the Heavenly Court," Ming Feiwu said in the air.

"This matter needs to be discussed." The Emperor Of Heaven interrupted Wu Dangkong, "Everyone, what do you think?"

"Your Majesty, I feel that the most important thing is to strengthen the human world's order and reproduction. That Gu Dao Xian is hiding in the human world, and I don't know what method he used, but he can't come out. I used the Heaven Observation Mirror to monitor Daluo, but I couldn't see anything. If this person isn't killed, the world won't be at peace.

Even our officials are at risk of being assassinated. "Heavenly King Daluo stepped forward and reported.

"Your Majesty, other than that, there are also many mutated sources that have landed in the human world, and they can easily cause instability in the human world. We need to investigate them one by one. There are also some rebellious people who are even more vicious. Some experts came from the Eternal World, and were contaminated by the Eternal Qi. They cultivated the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and although they didn't reach the level of the Dragonless Heart Sutra, they can use this evil technique to resist the corrosion of the human world. They are also hiding in the human world, secretly gathering faith. The Heavenly Court also needs to exterminate these people. Otherwise, they will become malignant tumors that can easily pollute the human world." The new Lord of Sun and Moon, Hua Mingsha, said.

"That's right. That's what I want to say. "

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "As long as one cultivates the Dragonless Heart Sutra, they can resist the corrosion of the human world. Even the surging lust of the human world can't do anything to them. They hide in the human world and go around bewitching humans. They gather faith, so they must be exterminated. " "Your subjects understand" all of the officials replied.

"We have something to report as well."

The Lord of the Divine World, The Great Spirit God, said, "In this official's Divine World, there are some people in the Divine World who are arrogant and unruly. Although they are temporarily afraid of the Heavenly Court, they aren't very obedient. They often secretly cause trouble in the Divine World. This official requests Your Majesty to deal with these rebellious people." "This Emperor knows about your troubles."

The Emperor Of Heaven listened, and after a moment of silence, he said, "This is indeed a troublesome matter. When the world changed, many ambitious people were born. These people should not have been able to cultivate to the Divine World, but now they have. This is a variable.

According to the rules of the heavens, these people must be killed. However, there are too many variables. If we kill them all, it will not only cause panic in the hearts of the people, but it will also cause them to change. This is not good for stability. Therefore, we need to recruit them. But how exactly do you want to recruit them? " "Your Majesty, this official has something to say." The Dharma Saint stepped forward.

"Oh? Dharma Saint, speak. "

The Emperor Of Heaven said, "Dharma Saint, speaking of recruiting, I can use you as an example. You are not a subject of the Heavenly Court, but you have been following the Heavenly Court for a long time. You have made many plans and contributed greatly to the establishment of the human world.

I have made an exception and promoted you, making you one of the subjects of the Heavenly Court. Today, I want to reward you and set an example for everyone. Do you think so? " "This is what this official wants to say."

The Dharma Saint said, "This official was originally not destined to be a person of the Heavenly Court, but thanks to the grace of the Emperor Of Heaven, I entered the Heavenly Court and can enjoy immortality. This is enough to set an example for those variables.

What this official means is that I am willing to contribute to the Heavenly Court and set up a department to manage variables. These people who originally should not be in the Divine World, Heavenly Longevity, or Heavenly Venerables will all be managed by this official. This official will work for the Heavenly Court and worship for the Heavenly Court. " "Good!"

The Emperor Of Heaven was overjoyed. "That's right, I have the same intention. Dharma Saint, you have always been the representative of the law, the example of the law. In the original Central Plains, you helped the ancient Heavenly Sons of Heaven establish order and continue the legal system for ten thousand years. This kind of destiny is extraordinary. What's even rarer is that you were not tempted by Gu Chensha and remained loyal to the court. Dharma Saint, listen to the title." "Your official is here." The Dharma Saint was also overjoyed and knelt down.

"I confer you the title of Heavenly King of Reform, and the Nine Heavenly Kings will become the Ten Heavenly Kings."

The Emperor Of Heaven's golden words seemed to change the Heavenly Court. "Since the law of the future has changed, the Heavenly Court will change accordingly. As the Dharma Saint, you will manage the variables for the sake of reform. The Heavenly King of Reform will manage the variables, and everyone will assist you.

I will bestow upon you the Whip of Reform. You will be in charge of the reform of the mortal world, the immortal world, the god world, the devil world, the demon world, and even the Heavenly Court. "

As soon as the Emperor Of Heaven conferred the title, a magical robe appeared on the Dharma Saint's body. It was a magical robe made up of countless characters, all of which were the symbols of law. As soon as he donned the robe, the Dharma Saint's destiny began to flow, and the Dharma Saint's power skyrocketed.

At the same time, a golden whip appeared in the Dharma Saint's hand, covered with numerous characters of law, which, when combined, seemed to surpass the power of the sun and moon. Everyone looked enviously at the Dharma Saint, especially the Great Spirit God. After all, the Dharma Saint now had both the Robe of Reform and the Whip of Reform.

With a leap, he became someone who was even more powerful than Zhang Ziran. "Reform, these two words occupy destiny.

It can be said to be the mainstream of the future. I didn't expect the Dharma Saint to reach the heavens in one step. Among the many Heavenly Kings, it seems like the Chaotic Heavenly King is ranked first, while the Dharma Saint's Heavenly King of Reform is only ranked tenth. However, the Heavenly King of Reform is the real number one, because the future has changed. The Heavenly Dao will eventually be destroyed, and the future is destined to be different. Therefore, the Heavenly Court also needs to reform, and reform will be the mainstream in the future. The Dharma Saint made the right choice, snatching destiny that he didn't have before. "Zhang Ziran frowned, but he immediately understood.

"This person is really lucky."

Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, and the others who were standing below were also extremely jealous. They didn't expect the Dharma Saint's position to leap to become one of the higher-ups of the Heavenly Court.

Now that the Heavenly Court had established a brand new order, these people who didn't have any positions but had submitted to the Heavenly Court were now in an awkward position.

"Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, listen to my orders!"

The Dharma Saint, who had been conferred the title, stood up. "All of you, enter my Reform Department and collect all the people who have changed. Reorganize the world order. " Gu Tanjian, Gu Changjian, and the others had no choice but to obey the Dharma Saint's orders.

"Your Majesty."

The Punishing Heavenly King, Valla Miesha, walked out and reported, "We aren't a match for that Gu Daoxian. We might need Your Majesty to personally subdue him." Reading, a better reading experience.