Chapter 9
=========

"Snowflake Overhead!" Gu Chensha struck with both palms and knocked out another tiger.

The tiger was huge and yellow, with deep fangs and a mouth full of blood. It had just hunted a wild goat, and when it saw Gu Chensha appear, it pounced to eat him, but was defeated by his bare fists. After knocking out the tiger, Gu Chensha took the Five Colored Soil and built a small altar.

The Five Colored Soil was everywhere, so it was effortless. The Heaven Altar in the capital was built with Five Colored Soil.

After the altar was built, Gu Chensha took out the Heaven Sacrificial Decree, and placed the prepared medicinal ingredients on the altar.

These medicinal ingredients were not rare. With the Great Yong Dynasty's capital's business being developed, as long as one had money, one could buy them.

Although he had been embezzled, he still had some savings, and could afford to buy some medicinal ingredients that were not very precious.

These medicinal ingredients were just a primer, to change the power of the sacrifice and condense the pill. On the altar, there was a fainted wolf. He took out a dagger and killed the tiger, letting the blood drip on the Heaven Sacrificial Decree. This time, he did not drip his own blood.

As expected, the tiger's soul was absorbed, and the surging power met with the medicinal ingredients and the small formation of the Five Colored Soil Sacrificial Altar, and started to spin. Zzt zzt zzt zzt …

As if the water was boiling, Gu Chensha saw a green energy squirming on the altar, and finally igniting into a big fire. In the big fire, a pill was finally condensed. It was green like jade.

"As expected, it succeeded. This is a tiger wolf pill. After eating it, one's strength increases greatly. Although I have no use for it, it can be given to loyal subordinates to increase their strength!" Gu Chensha was overjoyed. The ancient tiger wolf pill was finally condensed through the sacrifice. Those simple medicinal ingredients were like plaster for tofu.

If not for the few medicinal ingredients interfering with the power of the sacrifice, the tiger wolf's strength would have dissipated in the air, wasted.

He did not drip his own blood, and the power of the sacrifice could not surge into his body, so it remained in the air.

After obtaining the tiger wolf pill, he slowly returned to the palace. Just as he entered the courtyard, his foster son stood at the door with a swollen face. His teeth were missing, and he spoke with a lisp.

"My lord, you're finally back," he said with a sad face.

"What's going on?"

Gu Chensha was furious in his heart, but he remained calm and collected. He knew that the little eunuchs and palace maids by his side were often beaten. Even he himself was sometimes beaten by the princes. This was already a common occurrence.

As a result, the palace maids and eunuchs who followed him were all beaten up and tried to find a way to leave. They would rather empty the toilet bowl than follow him. As a result, the palace maids and eunuchs who followed him were changed one after another. Only his little godson was loyal and devoted.

He had once suspected that his adopted son was a spy sent by someone else, but after many years of observation and paying attention to the details, he realized that this person was sincere.

"Master! You still don't know? "

Xiaoshunzi's eyes widened. "I heard news from the inner palace that ye is about to come of age. His Imperial Majesty has bestowed Lou Baiyue's hand in marriage to ye. Right now, ye is the envy of all the princes. Almost all of them want to kill ye. Today, I went to the Catering Department to ask for some food for ye to eat. Coincidentally, I ran into the seventh master's subordinate eunuch, Xiao Duozi. He immediately slapped me and even beat me up." "What?

Bestowed Lou Baiyue's hand in marriage to me? "Gu Chensha was shocked." That can't be. Is this a rumor? "

Lou Baiyue was the pride of the heavens. Some ministers even thought that she was the best candidate for the future Empress. She was also proud and arrogant, and looked down on all the men in the world.

Of course, this was only secondary. The main reason was that this woman hated him so much was because he had offered his blood to the imperial court.

"News from the inner palace said that the Duke of Yuan is asking about the marriage, and the Emperor wants Lou Baiyue to get close to ye first.

Ye, if it was any other prince, this would be a good thing. However, to me, this is a great disaster. I have to risk my life to resign so that I can be safe for the rest of my life. "Xiaoshunzi's voice trembled.

"I know about this. They are just getting close to each other. There is no real decree to bestow marriage. There is no need to make a fuss. Let's just wait and see."

Gu Chensha composed himself. "If this is Father's intention, then I am afraid I cannot resign. Furthermore, I have been pretending to be a fool for so long. When I hear about this, I should be happy and not resign immediately. If I do that, everyone will know that I am hiding my strength and biding my time. They will be even more wary of me. Right now, I can only continue to pretend to be a fool. " "I am afraid …" Xiaoshunzi was still trembling with fear.

"What are you afraid of? Come in with me." Gu Chensha returned to his room and took out the Tiger-Wolf Pill. "Xiaoshunzi, take this medicine." "Yes!" Xiaoshunzi did not hesitate. He was not afraid that it was poison and swallowed it.

A moment later, green gas appeared on Xiaoshunzi's body. It surrounded his entire body and went in and out of his seven orifices.

A huge force reshaped his body. Instantly, his aura changed. He became vigorous and forceful. His feminine aura was swept away and replaced by the fearless "Master of Tigers and Wolves" on the battlefield.

His aura calmed down. Xiaoshunzi looked at his hands with a dazed expression. He felt that his body had an inexhaustible amount of power. "What is this? I feel like I am a different person. "

"Don't worry about it. You only need to know that you are extremely powerful now. You will be able to get twice the result with half the effort when practicing martial arts." Gu Chensha looked around. "Also, keep today's matter a secret." "Yes!" "Also, go and get some green grasshopper. Remember, I want it alive." "Yes!"

Green grasshopper was a type of insect. According to folklore, if one smeared its blood on money, the money would automatically fly back after it was spent. That was why money was called "Green Grasshopper". This was a legend because people had tried it, but it did not have any effect.

The Dayong Dynasty had already started to issue paper money. However, if one had gold and silver, they could still go to the country's bank to exchange the gold and silver for paper money.

The ancient history books recorded that using the Green Grasshopper as a sacrifice could obtain gold and silver. Gu Chensha wanted to try it. His monthly allowance had been greatly deducted and he was struggling to make ends meet. If he could really obtain gold and silver from the sacrifice, then he would no longer be short of money. In the future, there would be many places where he would need to spend money.

Xiaoshunzi was rather capable. The next day, he used a cloth bag to carry the Green Grasshopper and waited in the inn. The Green Grasshopper was like a cicada or a butterfly. It was everywhere.

"Go and keep an eye on the outside in case anyone notices me." Taking the Green Grasshopper, Gu Chensha ordered.

"Yes." Xiaoshunzi went out and looked around.

Gu Chensha took the large copper basin. In the copper basin, there was a gold particle the size of a broad bean. He had saved it for so many years, so he still had some gold.

Taking out the Green Grasshopper, he used a needle to extract its blood and smeared it on the Heaven Sacrifice Decree. Bang!

A golden stream of air appeared in the copper basin. It circulated slightly but could not fly out. Instead, it settled in the basin and finally turned into the same gold particle.

"It's actually real?" Gu Chensha was overjoyed.

He was about to kill the Green Grasshopper in the bag one by one and sacrifice it to the gold particle. However, he saw the insects inside the bag wailing and squeaking. He could not help but feel pity for them. "Ferocious beasts are vicious. Killing tigers, wolves, bears and pythons to sacrifice to the heavens is not a problem. The Green Grasshopper is not poisonous and does not harm humans. Killing the weak for the sake of gold seems to be immoral. However, what qualifications do they have to obtain the Heaven Sacrifice Decree? Money can be earned in other ways. Killing to earn money seems to be heartless. " He shook his head and released the Green Grasshopper. After doing this, he suddenly felt much more open-minded.

"Master, it's time. Let's return to the palace early. Otherwise, we won't be able to enter the palace with the key and will have to sleep in the inn. That will cost a lot of money." Xiaoshunzi said softly outside.

"That's good."

Gu Chensha nodded. Ever since xiaoshunzi took the Tiger Wolf Pill, his strength had increased several times and he could do things efficiently. If he could have a few more subordinates like this, it would be much less troublesome. The two of them left the inn and entered the palace from the north gate.

The north gate was a side gate. It was responsible for transporting vegetables, chickens, ducks, fish, pigs and goats into the palace. It was also responsible for transporting the rubbish out of the palace. It was the filthiest gate. Normally, eunuchs and palace maids with a bit of status would not enter the palace from the north gate. However, Gu Chensha's courtyard was in the north of the palace, so he had no choice but to enter from there. This was also the meaning of the palace's powerful people insulting him.

After passing through the north gate, it was connected in all directions. It was like the formation of the Eight Trigrams. It led to the imperial kitchen, the purchasing office, the warehouse, the Ministry of Internal Affairs, the manufacturing department and so on. Even an old man who had stayed in the palace for ten years would get lost.

Gu Chensha had no idea how big the palace was. He could not go to the back palace, and there were many forbidden areas that were heavily guarded.

When he and xiaoyi walked into a narrow alley further north, a large palanquin came towards them. It was carried by eight eunuchs, and there were four eunuchs holding melons, fruits and tea to serve them. The other two maids were carrying a gold and silver incense burner. The fragrance wafted out, making people feel relaxed and happy.

The large palanquin was also made of fragrant wood. It was inlaid with beautiful jade and jewels, and it shone brightly. It was very ostentatious and rich.

"This is the Eighteenth Prince's palanquin. Sir, let's give way," xiaoshunzi said. Gu Chensha was the Nineteenth Prince. He had not yet come of age and lived in the palace. The Eighteenth Prince was the same. The two of them were only a few days apart in age. They were both princes, but the difference in treatment was like heaven and earth.

When the Eighteenth Prince went out, he was elegant and dignified. He was surrounded by many servants, while Gu Chensha walked with a little eunuch.

The Eighteenth Prince was about to come of age, but he had already bought a manor in the capital as a residence. It was built magnificently, like a heavenly palace. According to the news from the inner court, he would be conferred the title of Duke as soon as he came of age.

The Eighteenth Prince's mother was one of the four "Imperial Noble Consorts", second only to the Empress. This Imperial Noble Consort's family was a thousand-year-old aristocratic family, the Shui Clan. It was rumored that they were the descendants of the ancient Black Deity. They had existed for a thousand years and did not fall even after the change of dynasties.

The Heavenly Talisman Great Emperor had relied on the Shui Clan to dig the canal that connected the east, west, north and south.

The Eighteenth Prince had such a strong backing. His martial arts skills were superb, and his wealth could move the gods. He was the most powerful candidate for the throne. His name was Gu Hongsha.

Gu Chensha did not want to be entangled with him. He walked to the side and avoided him. This was a sign of showing weakness. Things were not as simple as he thought. The large palanquin stopped in front of him. The curtains were drawn by a eunuch, and a young man walked out.

This young man wore a silver-white brocade robe with cloud patterns embroidered on it. It was simple and elegant. His face was fair, but his body was straight like a spear. There was no joy or anger on his face, and his eyes were deep. He was a powerful character.

"Congratulations, Nineteenth Younger Brother." Gu Hongsha said lightly.

"Eighteenth Brother, why would I be happy?" Gu Chensha had a silly smile on his face. "I don't understand what you're saying."

"There's news from the inner court. Father has summoned Lou Chongxiao, and he intends to betroth Lou Baiyue to you.

Lou Baiyue is a proud daughter of the heavens. Many brothers want to marry her. Isn't this happiness? "Gu Hongsha's indifferent tone made it hard to guess his true thoughts. Gu Chensha made up his mind to stay the same. He laughed foolishly and said, "I'm not that lucky." "Alright."

Gu Hongsha waved his hand, "Old Nineteen, don't pretend to be a fool here. I know that you're hiding your strength and biding your time. Anyone with a discerning eye can see that. However, it's understandable. You have your difficulties." "Hehe."

Gu Chensha was still smiling foolishly. It was one thing for others to speculate about him, but he still had to pretend to the end.