Chapter 182
===========

"Submit to the Imperial Court? What do you mean? "

Luo Xiu muttered, "We celestial cultivators are high above. Even if a random disciple comes to the mortal world, the emperor has to respectfully call him immortal. 200 years ago, I was still at the seventh transformation of Dao Realm and came to the mortal world. Many emperors had to bow to me when they saw me. Why did the world change so quickly?" "Times have changed. Otherwise, why would there be such a huge change? Black energy swallowing the sun, heaven and earth shaking, demon stars descending? "

Jin Suibo looked around, "The Imperial Court is a piece of fat meat. The Heavenly Talisman Emperor might go crazy one last time and then collapse. We can hide and wait for a chance. Maybe we can seize the chance and stand out when the calamity arrives. We can become saints and ancestors. Wouldn't that be great?"

"Brother Jin, what you say makes sense. In front of such a situation, even the ancient seventy-two sects can't protect themselves, let alone a second-rate celestial sect like me?" Luo Xiu finally thought it through.

"That's right."

Jin Suibo said, "Actually, you paying taxes might not be without benefits. At least you can get the protection of the Imperial Court. I know that your Three Extreme Sect also has enemies. You came out this time because your lifespan is almost up and you want to find a good body to possess. It's best if it's an unparalleled genius. Only then can you make up for the loss of your soul.

Secondly, you sensed the huge change in the world and wanted to find treasures to increase your strength to deal with your enemies. For example, Old Man Guan of the Thousand Puppet School and Old Man Corpse of the Stone Tomb Sect. But if you submit to the Imperial Court, these two enemies and your sect can be easily dealt with. The Imperial Court also has many pills that can increase lifespan. You can use the savings of your sect to exchange for them. "

"In that case, I can endure humiliation and live in exchange for a foundation that will last for a thousand years." Luo Xiu clasped his hands, "Brother Jin, your plan is thorough. In the future, help me plan more." "Of course. If we work together, there will be more space between us."

Jin Suibo laughed loudly, "Let's go. This time, there is a huge change in the Burial Grounds. The Buzhou Palace that suppresses this place is about to appear. I wonder who will obtain it." After the two of them came to an agreement, they also went deep into the Burial Land.

At this time, Gu Chensha, The Fourth, and Lou Baiyue had already reached the crack where the Bu Zhou Palace had appeared.

As soon as they arrived, they found that the original crack had expanded, causing the entire Buzhou Palace to appear in the middle of the burial ground. Even though it was broken everywhere, it was majestic and still displayed the majesty of the last Son of Heaven, "Zhou". After the Zhou Dynasty, there were no more emperors, only emperors. It could be said that Bu Zhou Palace was the last palace of the Emperor. Perhaps he could find the secret to the end of the Way of the Son of Heaven.

"So many experts have come."

Lou Baiyue looked around. There were experts coming in continuously, directly landing in Buzhou Palace, knocking and smashing everywhere in an attempt to obtain treasures. There were actually people fighting within.

Experts from all kinds of forces had rushed here. Everyone wanted to obtain Bu Zhou Palace. Even if they could not obtain the palace, it was not bad to be able to obtain pills and treasures in the chaos.

In the ancient books that Gu Chensha had read, it was recorded that every time a treasure appeared, it would cause all kinds of battles between the immortals, demons, demons, and barbarians. In the history books of the past five hundred years, there had been a few treasures appearing in the Divine Prefecture Pass, and every time there was a bloodbath.

In the most recent record, it was sixty years ago. In Hong Province, an ancient immortal's cave was unearthed. In the end, the experts of the immortal dao sects and the demonic path all gathered and fought fiercely. The aftershocks razed all the big and small cities in Hong Province to the ground, and countless people died. In order to snatch the treasures, why would the immortals and demons care about the common people? Whoosh whoosh! A few rays of light descended and greeted the three. "Princess Yuefu, Prince Chen, Prince Hua." Gu Chensha looked and saw that it was Bao Ming 'er, Luo Wu, Mu Yexiao, Yinxuan, and Huangfu Fengyun.

These five were the outstanding disciples of the five great immortal dao sects. Bao Ming 'er and Luo Wu had returned to the sect when the world changed, and now they had come out again.

Originally, he, Bao Ming 'er, and Luo Wu addressed each other as brother and sister. However, in front of so many outsiders, Bao Ming' er and Luo Wu both chose to address him as Prince Chen.

"Everyone, did you come to the Burial Ground for the treasures of Bu Zhou Palace?"

Lou Baiyue knew that Gu Chensha had recruited Bao Ming 'er and Luo Wu. At the same time, she also knew that Bao Ming' er was probably from the Great Wei Dynasty, but she did not say anything.

"When treasures appear, immortals and demons fight over them. This is a normal thing."

Mu Yexiao's tone was cold. "I heard that the imperial court established the Celestial Pacification Department, with Princess Yuefu and the two princes as the department heads. First, they have to collect taxes from the immortal dao sects. This is unheard of. It has never happened since ancient times."

"Brother Mu Yexiao is a disciple of the Great Thousand Mysteries Sect. What do you think of the tax collection from the imperial court?"

Lou Baiyue knew that these disciples were angry. "All lands under the heavens belong to the imperial court. The immortal dao sects are also subjects of the imperial court. Those sage families pay taxes every year, and the immortal dao sects are no exception." "Alright.

As long as the Black Heaven Earth Sect pays the taxes, the Great Thousand Mysteries Sect has nothing to say. "

Mu Yexiao was very tactful. He did not want to directly oppose the imperial court. When he saw the Celestial Talisman Emperor capture Elder Wangji from the Crimson Firmament Sect, any disciple with a brain would not choose to fight the imperial court head-on.

"This is the policy of the imperial court, and the Celestial Dances Sect supports it."

Luo Wu expressed her opinion. "Princess Yuefu, I will go to the Celestial Pacification Department in a few days to discuss the tax payment and cooperation with the imperial court. The Celestial Dances Sect has held a meeting to support the imperial court.

However, as the first sect to respond to the imperial court, the imperial court should give us some preferential treatment. " "Of course there will be preferential treatment."

Lou Baiyue smiled. "The Celestial Pacification Department has just been established. If the Celestial Dances Sect can help us, it will be a win-win situation."

Seeing Luo Wu express her opinion, Bao Ming 'er did not speak. Although she was an outstanding disciple of the Bountiful Treasures Sect, she did not have the authority to decide on such a big matter. The sect would not agree to pay taxes to the imperial court.

As for the other disciples, Mu Yexiao, Yinxuan, and Huangfu Fengyun were also silent. The sect was very hostile to the imperial court. This time, they had come to destroy the imperial court's structure and assist the new Child of Destiny.

"The barbarian experts are here." At this time, Luo Wu pointed to the front.

At this time, a group of barbarians came from afar. All of them were tall and mighty, and their bodies were like giant bears and apes. They were shrouded in black gas, and their cultivation was extremely high. Of course, barbarians with low cultivation were useless here.

The Buzhou Palace, the burial ground, was so important that even if Yi Ming was in the barbarian race, he would not be qualified to come here.

Those who could come here were all barbarian kings, even barbarian emperors, and sect masters like Yuan Shasheng.

"The person who came is the crown prince of one of the ten barbarian tribes, the Devil Temple Tribe."

Bao Ming 'er pointed to the group of barbarians. There was a young barbarian in the middle. He was not wearing animal skins, but silk brocade clothes. His hair was loose, and his nose and ears were strung with golden rings. His eyes were dark green with a hint of blood red, and his body was emitting wisps of black smoke, like flames. The crown prince of the barbarian Devil Temple Tribe appeared here and looked over. Everyone could only feel the chilly wind blowing and the cries of ghosts and gods.

"Kill this group of people for me." The barbarian crown prince ordered. It was in the barbarian language, but everyone present could understand it.

The barbarians and humans were irreconcilable enemies. When the barbarian crown prince saw Gu Chensha and the others, he knew that they were officials of the imperial court. He wanted to kill them to relieve the hatred in his heart. Rumble! There were experts beside the barbarian crown prince.

Seven or eight barbarian experts flew over fiercely. They were all wearing animal skins, and they had no armor or weapons. They were bare-handed, and their fist techniques were extremely fierce. When they pounced, they were thousands of steps away, and they punched at the same time. Innate Stellar Energy that could topple mountains and overturn seas surged toward him.

These people were actually experts at the seventh or eighth transformation of the Dao Realm. The thickness of their earth energy far exceeded that of celestial path disciples.

The barbarians were tall and muscular like giants. The meridians and acupoints in their bodies could store more Xiantian earth energy. Normally speaking, barbarians had two to three times the potential of humans.

This was why the barbarian race had bullied humans for tens of thousands of years and they had never fought back. Thinking about it, normal barbarian race soldiers could fight one against three, so how could they fight against five? Gu Chensha was the first to head up.

His body was really quick and his movement technique was extraordinary. In a flash, he turned into a few shadows and absorbed all the Xiantian earth energy into his body.

Everyone saw the mountain-toppling and ocean-moving Xiantian earth energy strike them, but with a slight movement from Gu Chensha, the few shadows moved in all directions. All the earth energy that touched his body was absorbed by the whirlpool and turned into nothingness.

"Old Nineteen is so fast!" The Fourth was shocked.

"He must have already comprehended the Ten Thousand Miles Flying Cloud Escape. That's why he's able to move so quickly. His King Dragon Armor has the ability to fly, and it's connected to his heart's blood, making it a part of his body. He can also use some of the abilities of the Ten Thousand Miles Flying Cloud Escape that require Connate Earth Energy," Lou Baiyue said as a giant longbow appeared behind him. There were two arrows on the bow.

She had comprehended the secret technique of the Ten Thousand Mile Flying Cloud Flag and taught it to Gu Chensha.

Gu Chensha absorbed Luo Xiu's Xiantian earth energy and formed a drop of Dragon Transformation Neidan in the Dragon Transformation Pagoda to raise his talent to high grade. With the increase in talent, he comprehended the Ten Thousand Mile Flying Cloud Movement. Even the Son of Heaven Sealing Technique, Great Massacre God Technique, various other martial arts, and even the Clumsy Fist had a fundamental breakthrough. As they comprehended one another, their strength increased really quickly. Peng peng!

Just as he absorbed the Xiantian earth energy, the bowstring on Lou Baiyue's back made a sound and the two arrows shot straight towards the Barbarian Crown Prince.

Lou Baiyue had once used this move to force Li Wangsheng into a sorry state. Now, her cultivation level had increased by several folds. The Great Massacre God Art had evolved into the Extrication Bow. The power of the Chang Chang and the Impermanence Arrows were extremely great, and their shooting range was also extremely long. Even the Barbarian Crown Prince was unable to dodge them. He only reacted when the arrows were about to reach his chest. Roar!

The Barbarian Crown Prince was an expert after all. He instinctively activated some kind of divine power. Pitch-black flames surged and turned into a shield to block the two arrows.

However, the two arrows were extremely fast and their power was not something an ordinary divine power could block. They pierced through the shield and pierced through the Barbarian Crown Prince's body.

After the two arrows pierced through the Barbarian Crown Prince's body, the Barbarian Crown Prince disappeared and melted into the two arrows. Not even his bones were left. Only dust was left floating in the wind.

After the two arrows killed the Barbarian Crown Prince, they made a turn in the air and pierced through all the experts of the Barbarian Race, turning them into ashes. This series of changes happened in the blink of an eye.