Chapter 168
===========

"Looks like you know everything, but you're just playing dumb."

Li Wangsheng wasn't surprised, as if he already knew that Heng wasn't simple, "You're right, let's discuss." "What about the Barbarians?" Heng asked, "They definitely won't let this go." "The Barbarians are a piece of juicy meat now."

Li Wangsheng's eyes shone with sharpness, "Of course I'll take a bite. Their blood sacrifice is not bad, but how about we split the power of the blood sacrifice equally?" "What do you mean?" Heng asked fiercely, "The power of the blood sacrifice can be split equally?"

"Of course, this is also a piece of fat meat that I am giving you. As long as you steal the Hundred Sage Painting of the Heng family, we can first take this Buzhou Palace and wait for the Barbarian Emperor to come. Their blood sacrifice and pollution of this palace is just to make a wedding dress for us." Li Wangsheng laughed loudly, "At that time, can't we share it together?"

"That's not a bad idea. If I can get the power of the blood sacrifice from the Barbarians, why would my cultivation only increase by a few times?" Heng seemed to be tempted, "If that's the case, then it's a deal." "It's a deal." Li Wangsheng and Heng reached a gentleman's agreement.

"What a pity."

Yuan Shasheng suddenly sighed, "Even with the Hundred Sage Painting, we might not have the confidence to open this palace, because once the palace is opened, there are countless traps and formations. Unless we get the legendary Vast Thousand Mirror and use it to calculate and attract the celestial sphere, then there's no way we can fail."

"Vast Thousand Mirror, Celestial Sphere, these two treasures were created by the ancient Heavenly Son Xu and Heavenly Son Zhou. Both are used to calculate the secrets of heaven. Back then, Heavenly Son Xu gave it to Heavenly Son Zhou, and the two are master and disciple. The Vast Thousand Mirror and the celestial sphere can sense each other, but they're like yin and yang. If we have the Vast Thousand Mirror, we can naturally sense the celestial sphere," Li Wangsheng said.

"Brother Wangsheng, what do you mean by this?" Heng asked.

"I heard that Lou Baiyue was guided by the Heavenly Talisman Emperor to find the tomb of the ancient Heavenly Son Xu. Maybe she obtained the Vast Thousand Mirror from it."

Li Wangsheng said, "If Brother Heng can obtain this mirror from her, I'm afraid our chances of success will be much higher."

"I've also heard that Lou Baiyue found the Primordial Heavenly Son Xu's tomb and obtained several treasures. She has also displayed the Void Zenith Heaven Path before, but I've never heard of her possessing the Vast Thousand Mirror." Heng Unmoving was a little puzzled.

"With her cultivation, she can't activate the Vast Thousand Mirror at all. Of course I can't use it. "

Li Wangsheng said, "In short, you will be the one to inquire about this matter. If you can get your hands on it, we will be absolutely safe. If you can't, then there will be some twists and turns in our plan." "That's the only way." Heng Buyi and Li Wangsheng came to an agreement on the spot.

Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue heard a lot of secrets here. "I didn't expect your Vast Thousand Mirror to have such an ability, but I'm afraid Li Wangsheng deliberately told us. We can't be fooled."

"That's only natural. However, the Vast Thousand Mirror and the Heavenly Cycle Apparatus are indeed a wall of yin and yang. The yin and yang cannot be separated, and they are mutually attracted to each other. Only now do I understand Your Majesty's profound intentions. The Emperor has already calculated everything. "Lou Baiyue thought carefully.

"So, with the Vast Thousand Mirror, we can obtain this Bu Zhou Palace?"

Gu Chensha was a little excited. Such a big ancient palace, who knew how many treasures it contained. If they could obtain it, it would be at least a thousand times more than what they stole from the Demonic Ape Temple.

"It's not that simple."

Lou Baiyue was also very tempted, but she maintained her calm. "Our cultivation is still too shallow. If this palace could be obtained so easily, it would have been taken away by many old monsters." "That's true. I also don't dare to believe that this palace can be so easily obtained."

Gu Chensha was actually more calm than before. "Moreover, even if we can really obtain it, we can't swallow such a big Bu Zhou Palace."

"That's right. We came here to collect a few skeletons and catch a few thousand years old bone demons. That's fine. If we want to swallow this Bu Zhou Palace, we might be blinded by greed. We don't have such a good appetite. This matter needs to be considered in the long term.

In my opinion, although Li Wangsheng and the others have a thorough plan, I'm afraid that they are working for someone else. "

Lou Baiyue thought for a while. "You know, this is the plan of Li Wanlong, and he even reached an agreement with the mysterious Barbarian Saint of the Barbarian Tribe. How can it be easily obtained by a few small characters?"

"That's true. But should we go in and explore?" Gu Chensha said. "Since father has planned this well, maybe we will gain something."

"Of course we should go in and explore." Lou Baiyue nodded. "How can we return empty-handed after entering a treasure mountain?

The world is in full swing. Although our strength has improved rapidly, we are still lacking in resources. We can't be compared to those sects and families of saints. If we can obtain a lot of treasures here, it will save us hundreds of years, or even thousands of years of accumulation. It is also a good thing. " These two people were very scheming and calculating. They would not be blinded by greed.

As they spoke, they looked at each other and saw the admiration in each other's eyes. They couldn't help but smile at each other.

At this time, in the mirror, Li Wangsheng, Heng Motionless, and Yuan Shasheng seemed to be discussing something. Their voices gradually faded. Suddenly, they separated, and Heng Motionless came out of the crack in space. In this way, only Li Wangsheng and Yuan Shasheng were left in the damaged Buzhou Palace.

After Heng Motionless left, these two people looked around, knocked, and even bombarded the place with Innate Gang Qi. But they found nothing. They couldn't even break a stone, let alone obtain anything.

There were thousands of rooms in the Buzhou Palace, but most of the doors were closed and couldn't be opened. After a long time, these two people still found nothing. They both shook their heads.

"It seems that this Buzhou Palace is really hard to open."

Li Wangsheng said, "Since it showed a crack in space half a month ago, I have come here three times. No matter what I do, I can't get anything."

"Indeed, there is no way. The power of the ancient Emperor is not something we can shake." Yuan Shasheng said, "What should we do now? Wait here or …?" "You go back and gather the experts, I will stay here."

Li Wangsheng said, "I don't want to disturb the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons. My brothers are not easy to deal with. If they know that there is something good here, they will swarm here and we will not be able to do anything."

"If that is the case, I will go back and gather the experts." Yuan Shasheng said, "I have been in the Demonic Ape Temple of Confusion for many years, I still have a lot of trump cards."

"Then I will trouble you." Li Wangsheng chose a place and sat cross-legged. He seemed to be calculating the flaws of this Buzhou Palace. Yuan Shasheng nodded. His body turned into a ball of light and disappeared in a few flashes.

"Yuan Shasheng's cultivation is so strong. I remember that this is the Nine Flame Light Movement Technique recorded in the Demonic Book of Confusion. In an instant, he shakes his body's Xiantian Earth Energy and explodes with his strongest speed. He can travel 1,000 miles in an instant."

Gu Chensha saw the changes, "This technique consumes a lot of Earth Energy and even Dao Realm Transformation Nine Experts find it hard to use. Even if they do, they will use up all of it in an instant. Yuan Shasheng is actually able to use it so easily. Even if we are stronger than him, we won't be able to catch up to him." "Not really."

Lou Baiyue shook his head and said, "Although the Nine Flame Light Escape Art is fast, my Great Slaughter God Art also has an escape art. His speed might not be faster than mine. Just based on speed alone, he won't be able to gain any advantage over me. In the past, my body was not strong enough. If I forced the escape art, my body might not be able to withstand it. But now, I can use the God Chasing Art." "Li Wangsheng is the only one left? Should we head over? "Gu Chensha said," Let's wait for him to leave before we explore this place. "

"But we don't need to wait for him to leave." Lou Baiyue stood up, "I will deal with him now. Revenge doesn't wait for a night." Sou!

The white God Slaying Xiantian Earth Energy spread out from her body and wrapped around Gu Chensha. Then, the white energy turned gold.

Gu Chensha felt like he was teleporting. Before he even used his Spiritual Sense, he was brought into Buzhou Palace by Lou Baiyue. They landed not far from Li Wangsheng.

"Who?"

Li Wangsheng stood up and saw that the white flame around Lou Baiyue's body had dissipated and was replaced by a black lotus above his head. The lotus had seven petals and each petal was different. Each petal had a talisman. The talisman was an ancient word. The ancient word represented the sins of the gods.

This black lotus seemed to be born to judge the sins of the gods. It judged the immortals and demons, the gods, and even … the Heavenly Dao.

"Li Wangsheng, how many hours has it been since you injured me? Let me calculate? " Lou Baiyue stretched out a few fingers. "You didn't expect me to recover so quickly, did you?" "It has only been a few hours and not only have you recovered from your injuries? And your cultivation has also improved? From the Seven Changes to the Nine Changes? Did the Heavenly Talisman Emperor make a move? "

Even though Li Wangsheng was experienced and knowledgeable, he was almost shocked. From his understanding, this was impossible.

It was already difficult for someone to recover from an injury, but she actually advanced by two realms. Didn't the countless cultivators in the world cultivate for nothing?

"This is a small matter, it is not His Majesty's turn to deal with it personally." Lou Baiyue said disdainfully, "Li Wangsheng, I won't talk nonsense with you. How about another battle? If you lose, get out of this Buzhou Palace and don't step into it again. " "Oh?"

Li Wangsheng stood with his arms behind his back, "I don't know what fortuitous encounter you had to actually recover from all your injuries. But if you want to fight me at the Nine Changes of Dao Realm, it is like hitting a rock with an egg. Realm is realm and it won't change because of any technique. Since that is the case, then the two of you can fight me together. " "Gu Chensha, just watch from the side." Lou Baiyue said.

"Okay, I can't interfere in your battle."

Although Gu Chensha had cultivated to the Five Changes of Dao Realm and could fight Immovable Heng, he was no match for Li Wangsheng.