Chapter 237
===========

"Demonic fog shrouds the sun, black clouds shroud the sky, conceal!"

In the Dharma altar in the belly of the mountain, the green and white snakes circulated their bodies and suddenly spewed out a black fog. Immediately, it was pitch black in the cave. They couldn't even sense the direction of the magnetic field. This was the Minor Universal Concealment Reversal Fog Spell from the Skydemon Book.

This was a minor spell, but the Stellar Energy changes were rather ingenious, especially when it used the Connate Stellar Energy to distort and change the magnetic field, causing one's Essence Soul to lose its sense.

If someone were to cast the Heavenly Eye Suspension in the sky, they would only see that the belly of the mountain was as empty as a field. There was nothing there.

Over the past few days, the green and white snakes had already cultivated this Dharma spell to a certain extent. They had basically avoided many searches.

Gu Chensha sensed that many experts had come to observe with the Hu Gu Divine Temple as the center. There were even experts who cast the Fifteen Transformations, Heavenly Eye Suspension, to observe.

From the looks of it, there are many hidden talents in Wuzhou City. I'm afraid that the reincarnated people of Wuqu Star are about to appear?

I must not let it fall into the hands of heretic Daoists. Father's intention is for the Celestial Calming Department to recruit all the reincarnated people of Wuqu Star into the department. Gu Chensha thought to himself.

Over the past few days, he had read quite a number of cultivation techniques in the Skyfey Book. His comprehension ability exceeded the green and white snakes by a hundred times. However, he only took a look at those cultivation techniques. The greatest value of the Skyfey Book was the book itself and the general principles.

The general principles described the connection between living beings and the world, as well as the profundity of life.

The green and white snakes couldn't understand. Gu Chensha cultivated the Son of Heaven's God-Conferment Art and comprehended the vicissitudes of the world. He was proficient in the Dao of fiendish demons and had studied history books. The changes of the human dao, the vicissitudes of dynasties, the joys and sorrows of partings and reunions almost resonated with the ancient demon sages, so he naturally gained a lot.

The green and white snakes possess the Skydemon Book. Although I won't covet it, this book is no trifling matter. I can't let it fall into the hands of the demons and create a great enemy for the imperial court.

I need to think of a way to bring these two snakes under my tutelage and make them part of the Calming Immortal Department. "This was what Gu Chensha was thinking about.

The cultivation technique recorded in the Divine Demon Book was secondary. The book itself contained infinite demonic mysteries. This treasure was probably not inferior to the 'Buzhou Palace'. With the cultivation of the green and white snakes, it was already impressive for them to be able to learn the cultivation technique in the book. It was impossible for them to guard such a treasure.

If they brought it back, the treasure would fall into the hands of the Nest of 10,000 Dragons, which would be detrimental to the country. This was also one of the reasons why Gu Chensha did not leave. Shh …

The green and white snakes woke up from their long meditation. The white snake said, "The content recorded in this Book of Heavenly Fey is indeed unfathomable. We have been comprehending it for so long, and we barely know a Dharma art. As for the true cultivation method, we can't understand the Heavenly Fey Dao Fruit, Heavenly Fey God Subduing Technique, and Heavenly Fey Reincarnation Technique. It seems that without a hundred years of comprehension, it's impossible to have a clue."

"Sister, this book is rumored to have a world of its own. There are countless treasures in it. We can't open it at all."

Little Qing frowned, "If we can open the world of the book and take out some pills, our cultivation will also have a qualitative improvement."

"Opening the world of the book and taking out the treasures isn't something that the two of us can do. Let's memorize the cultivation technique in the book and bring it back to the Young Master. The old master behind the Young Master has an incredible cultivation. He will definitely be able to open the book. When the time comes, he will reward the two of us. We will definitely benefit from it." The white snake said.

"I have something to ask. Who is the Young Master that the two fairies mentioned?" Gu Chensha asked.

"There's no harm in telling you. The Young Master is the eldest son of the Nest of 10,000 Dragons' old master." Little Qing said.

"Little Qing, don't reveal the identity of the Young Master." The white snake shouted.

"What are you afraid of? This scholar doesn't know anything."

Little Qing looked at him unconcernedly, "Tsk tsk, you're not simple. While we were cultivating, you actually broke through to the Grandmaster realm without a sound."

Gu Chensha had slightly improved his martial arts, pretending that he had broken through to the peak of the fourth tier of the mortal realm. Although this little bit of martial arts was not worth mentioning in the eyes of the green and white snakes, it would make Gu Chensha's Elementary Scholar status extremely valuable when he went out.

"My cultivation is not worth mentioning in the eyes of the two fairies."

Gu Chensha quickly said, "But the two fairies, when are we going out? We've been staying in the belly of this mountain for several days. It's really stuffy."

"You're just an Elementary Scholar. You can't even endure this little bit of loneliness. You still want to cultivate martial arts?

I saw you speak with confidence and composure and thought you were very knowledgeable. Now, it seems that it's all for show. "Little Qing seemed to enjoy watching the 'scholar' in front of her make a fool of himself.

"Young Master, I'm afraid you have to stay for a while longer." The white snake said, "We have to wait for news from the Young Master."

Right as she spoke, a talisman flew up and burned. It turned into a light and many words appeared on it before disappearing.

"The Young Master is here in Wuzhou City. He wants us to meet him." A look of joy appeared on the white snake's face, "With the Young Master here, everything will be fine." "Should we bring this scholar away?" Little Qing asked.

"Of course, we should. He read the Sky Demon Book, so we can't leave him in the world. Let's bring him to see the Young Master and hope that he can make a decision. If he can be nurtured by the Young Master and keep this chess piece, it will be beneficial for him in the future." The white snake had her own ideas.

While speaking, she waved her hand and swept up Gu Chensha. He flew out of the belly of the mountain and headed towards Wuzhou City.

Wuzhou City's defense was really tight and there were many experts. The city walls were really tall and there were all sorts of giant crossbows and cannons. There was even the newest Fire Talisman Spear from the Celestial Craft Institute. Even a fourth or fifth Dao Realm Transformation expert would die on the spot.

But the two snakes were Dao Realm Transformation Eight experts and had cultivated the Heaven and Earth Flipping Fog Technique. Along with the fact that it was night time, it was really easy for them to pass the city walls and enter the city. The two of them brought Gu Chensha to a large courtyard in the city. They saw a young man with his arms behind his back, looking at the stars at night.

"Subordinate greets Young Master." The two snakes tossed Gu Chensha aside and knelt down on one knee towards the young man.

The young man looked at the stars and after a long while, he said, "Why did you bring a scholar over?"

"It's like this …" Little Qing immediately explained the situation. "This scholar is very knowledgeable in reading and can actually understand some of the scriptures in the Book of Sky Fey. He explained it to me and my sister. Because he observed the Book of Sky Fey, we can't let him stay among the people and spread the scriptures, so we brought him to Young Master." "Young Master, this scholar has some talent and he is fated with our Monster Race."

The white snake said, "I think that Young Master wants to lay a trap in the Imperial Court, so it is good for him to leave this flag." She was protecting Gu Chensha.

"Bold!"

A servant behind the young man said, "Young Master has his own plans. Who are you to make the decision? It is obvious that the two of you want to seduce this scholar. "

This servant had an eagle nose and a sharp mouth. His eyes were deep and he looked really weird. He looked like a human but not a human.

"Iron Roc King, don't speak nonsense."

Little Qing was furious, "You have a good relationship with Zombie Blood River. That fellow betrayed Young Master and joined the Imperial Court's Prince Gu Tanjian. You are to blame too."

"Damn servant, you dare to offend me." Iron Roc King was furious and reached out with his black claws.

"Stop arguing."

The young man waved his hand and Iron Roc King didn't dare to make a sound. However, the baleful aura on his body didn't dissipate and he was a little lecherous. It was obvious that he had been eyeing the green and white snake sisters.

This young master had red lips and white teeth. His eyes were like the stars and his eyebrows were elegant. He was actually a rarely seen handsome man.

Gu Chensha's heart moved. This young master looked similar to Li Wangsheng. From the information he got from the two snake demons, he knew that this young master was the King of Ten Thousand Demons, the master of the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons, another son of Demonic Saint Li Wanlong.

"You have obtained the Book of Heavenly Demon left behind by Goddess Hu. Let me take a look." The young master nodded.

"I was about to offer it to Young Master." The white snake took out the Book of Heavenly Demon and offered it.

The young master took it and was about to flip through it when the Book of Heavenly Demon suddenly exploded with a ball of light that covered the book. He couldn't read it at all.

"Hmph!"

A ball of purple flame appeared on the young master's hand. He wanted to refine the restriction on the book but it was useless.

"What are you two damned sluts doing?" Iron Roc King suddenly pounced. "How dare you make fun of Young Master." "It's none of their business. Back down."

The young master waved his hand and blocked Iron Roc King. "There is a restriction on this book. Those who aren't fated can't read it. I can't break it with my cultivation. It seems I can only bring it back to Father.

Father's cultivation is above the ancient demon race sages who wrote this book. He will definitely be able to break it. "

Gu Chensha frowned and thought to himself, "If this book falls into Li Wanlong's hands, there's really no way out. These two snakes are really stupid. They actually offered it to him just like that. " "Hahaha …" At this moment, laughter could be heard.

A few people appeared in this courtyard. The leader was a noble with a golden crown and a thumb ring on his hand. He was unfathomable. It was Gu Tanjian. The others weren't kind either. Their auras were terrifyingly strong.

"Li Tiansheng, I didn't expect you to come to Wuzhou City and obtain the Book of Heavenly Demon left behind by Hu Gu. However, this book can absorb the wishes of all living beings and steal the fate of the imperial court. It should belong to the imperial court." Gu Tanjian didn't hide his greed.

"What? Gu Tanjian, you want to take the book from me? "

Li Tiansheng's tone was relaxed, but he was actually ready for battle. "If it's Lou Baiyue, Gu Chensha, and Gu Huasha, I naturally won't be able to defeat them. You seem to be a bit weaker." "We'll only know after we fight."

Hearing these three people, Gu Tanjian's expression turned cold and murderous. However, he didn't attack. Instead, he said, "However, we might be able to cooperate. I don't covet the Book of Heavenly Demon. However, if you want to take it away, you must pay a price." "Cooperate with what?" Li Tiansheng asked.

"We can discuss in detail."

Gu Tanjian glanced at the two snakes, as well as Gu Chensha, who was disguised as Chen Gongshi. He didn't recognize them.

Gu Chensha looked at the general outline of the Book of Heavenly Demon and deduced all sorts of martial arts. He comprehended his Clumsy Fist to a deeper level and created the Common People Mending Heaven Technique. He used this technique to push his cultivation to the Dao Realm Ten Changes. His martial arts were many times stronger than before.