Chapter 1037
============

A Brand New Life Chapter 1034: A New Life

"Confucianism Ancestor, now that that thing has appeared, which side should we stand on?" The Ancestor of Mercy was also thinking about this.

"We won't rely on anyone. We'll form our own system and let Gu Chensha and that terrifying thing fight each other. When both of them are injured, that will be the best time for us to rise up. In fact, many people have the same idea. That Fa Wuxian doesn't really want to follow that terrifying thing. But we still need to be prepared for that thing to come after us. "

Confucian Ancestor said, "We really need to think of a foolproof plan for this matter. Otherwise, we might be devoured by that terrifying thing. Compared to that, Ancient Dust Sand is better. How about this, Ai Zu, your cultivation is the highest. Go to the new universe of the new world and see what it is. If there's a need, we can hide inside." "I've been thinking about this for a long time."

Ai Zu said, "Actually, it's all about benefits. We'll follow whoever benefits us. That's what I think. I've been asking around these past few days, and I found out that Zhuge Ya, Lou Baiyue, and the others have all reached the Heavenly Dao Realm, and their Heavenly Dao Realm is much stronger than Zhao Jiangshan's.

I found out that the new world's Heavenly Dao is far stronger than the old world's Heavenly Dao. That's why we need to reach the Heavenly Dao level.

We can go to the new world and obtain the new Heavenly Dao. That way, we'll be much stronger than the average Heavenly Dao. "

"Zhao Jiangshan was single-handedly created by us. Our Righteous and Evil Alliance created the Righteous and Evil Universes, and the first Heavenly Dao level expert actually appeared from it. This is all because of Gu Chensha's persecution, or else we would have long since become Heavenly Dao.

The Ancestor of Mercy was indignant, "But why is the new world's Heavenly Dao so much stronger than the old one?

Does that mean the old world is inferior to the new? If that's the case, do we have to choose the new world and abandon the old? "

"No, my philosophy is still to obtain new things, but I won't abandon the old. We have to combine the old with the new, surpass the ancient sand, surpass that terrifying thing. Our principles, our glory, will spread across billions of space-time, throughout the past, present, and future. We also have to create the most perfect world, the best system.

Gu Chensha is nothing. What's that thing? Our Confucian school's benevolence, righteousness, propriety, wisdom, faith, loyalty, and filial piety are the best. "The Confucianism Ancestor's voice rang out.

"Confucianism Ancestor, let's go take a look." The Ancestor of Love wanted to drag Confucianism Ancestor along.

"Alright, we'll go scout the way in the new world. In the end, we'll be the experts who have reached the Heavenly Dao Realm."

The Confucianism Ancestor thought about it. He had wanted the Ancestor of Love to scout the way first. Even though the Confucianism Ancestor was the leader of the Justice League, in actuality, the Ancestor of Love had the highest cultivation and was unfathomable. In order to maintain his authority, the Confucianism Ancestor had suppressed the Ancestor of Love in all sorts of situations.

However, the Ancestor of Love was incredibly powerful and had roped in a group of people to fight against the Confucianism Ancestor.

"The two of you are the most powerful out of us, so exploring the new world and discovering the benefits is something we strongly support …" At that moment, almost all of the Ancestor realm experts agreed.

The Confucianism Ancestor and the Ancestor of Love each had their own plans, but they had to work together. Swish!

The two of them joined together and turned into a beautiful rainbow that passed through boundless space and arrived at the edge of the new world.

A huge new world, a new universe appeared in front of them. This new universe was constantly emitting spiritual Qi, immortal Qi, and immortal energy. All of these energies were injected into the Human Realm, causing the essence of the Human Realm to grow stronger at all times. What was more frightening was that the immortal energy contained the consciousness of the new world. Under the influence of this, living beings born in the depths of the Human Realm would automatically cultivate the Dragonless Heart Sutra, comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra, and accept the consciousness of the new world instinctively.

For example, the creatures affected by the old world's ideas would instinctively want to eat as soon as they were born.

As for the creatures born in the new world, they would want to contribute their spirit power to the world and create spirit qi or other substances. That was the difference.

Of course, the creatures born in the old world had a drawback. After they were born, if they did not absorb energy from the outside world, they would not be able to live and would die.

However, it was impossible for them to know the Dragonless Heart Sutra the moment they were born. Hence, at the start, they could only maintain their own lives and slowly comprehend the Dragonless Heart Sutra, gradually developing their own spirit force. After that, they would repay the karma to the world and finally leave their body.

"I wonder what the new world is like," the Goddess of Love said to the Confucianism Ancestor. "We have to be careful when passing through the crystal wall." "We've cultivated the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method and can pass through the crystal wall.

I think we have to deal with it. The crystal wall is a huge obstacle for creatures who haven't cultivated the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method. "The Confucianism Ancestor activated his Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method. At that moment, the Ancestor of Love also activated his Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method. The two of them directly passed through the crystal wall and landed in the new world.

But as soon as they touched the greyspace, the entire new world seemed to possess some sort of power that instantly stripped them of their cultivation bases. Everything that carried the mark of the old world vanished into nothingness.

When they landed on the ground, the two of them did not have any divine abilities and had become ordinary people.

"What's going on, what's going on …" The Ancestor of Love and the Confucianism Ancestor were completely flustered. Their greatest reliance was their cultivation, but now that it had been destroyed, they could not accept this.

They landed on a grassy area in the new world. The grassy area was lush and green, and there were countless flowers growing on it. Among the flowers, there were small streams of spring water that looked like jade. This was like a paradise on earth.

Looking around, there seemed to be grassy areas, fresh flowers, and spring water everywhere. In the distance, there were purple mountains covered in snow, and the air was filled with a refreshing smell. This was the new world.

A group of children sang folk songs as they walked over. There were boys and girls among them, and the leader was a young girl who looked about 14 or 15 years old. "Today, you came here to cultivate. Remember, today's lesson is to release your spirit power to enrich and beautify the entire world."

Immediately, the group of children started to get busy on the grassy area. They did not pick flowers, nor did they play. Instead, they all activated their Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method, releasing their spirit power into the grassy area.

One of the children seemed to release a very powerful spirit power. During the process, with him as the center, the grassy area in a circumference of several kilometers actually gave birth to spirit stones. These spirit stones accumulated, forming a statue that was as tall as a person. The statue looked like Gu Chensha.

Spirit stone statues appeared out of nowhere, appearing on the grassy area, causing the spirit qi in the grassy area to become even denser. The grass grew, swaying in the wind, and cheers could be heard. Peng!

The child unleashed his spirit force, creating 81 spirit stone idols. Suddenly, his entire body changed. His entire person dissipated, transforming into a ball of magic. Within this magic, a lot of immortal qi was born, and it began to circulate once again. This was the Dao Realm 20 Transformation, Gathering and Scattering Impermanence Realm.

In the past, people who cultivated to such a level could give up on spiritual energy and start to absorb celestial energy. But now in the new world, such a person would give celestial energy to the world. Sou sou sou sou …

After this child cultivated to the Dao Realm 20 Transformation, Gathering and Scattering Impermanence Realm, he condensed into a child form once more. He flew in front of Confucianism Ancestor and Ancestor of Love and looked at them, "You are new, right? It is obvious that you came from the old world?

Although you have cultivated the Dragonless Mental Cultivation Method, you have stayed in the old world for too long and your bodies have been tainted by the old world's essence. So, when you passed through the new world's crystal wall, you were rejected by the world. Your cultivation wasn't absorbed by the new world. The new world doesn't need to absorb anything. The new world's heavenly dao is to give and expand. What we need to cultivate is to continuously release our spirit power. Only then will we become stronger. " "Who are you?"

Confucianism Ancestor and Ancestor of Love had lost all their strength and were like ordinary people. They didn't have any abilities and were really afraid that someone would come to kill them.

"Don't worry. In the new world, there is no killing, no plundering, no hatred, and no fighting. Everyone is focused on releasing their spirit power to create the world."

The child said, "Because we can use our hearts to create all materials, there is no point in fighting for resources. I am not a special person; I am just a child in the new world. My current level, in the words of the old world, is just a child. "

"I didn't expect a small child in the new world to have such knowledge." Ancestor of Love and Confucianism Ancestor were shocked, "Then how can we recover our strength?"

"It is simple to increase strength. Keep releasing spirit power to create the world. The more you give to the world, the more authority you will have. Actually, strength and realm are just a stage for the new world to show off.

You can think of realm as an official position in the old world. How much money you give to the new world, the new world will give you that position. Of course, money refers to your spirit power. Official is your realm. "

The child explained to Confucianism Ancestor and Ancestor of Love, "Now, the creator of the new world is coming up with another way to describe realms. When the time comes, you will know.

For example, I released a total of spirit power and created 150,000 kilograms of spirit stones to give to the new world. The new world allowed me to display Dao Realm 20 Transformation cultivation. "

"Actually, everyone's spirit force is boundless and boundless. If we release all of our spirit force, there's no other power that can describe it. However, this world restricts the space we can unleash our power. Only by providing energy to the world can it expand, allowing us to unleash our power. The more energy we provide to the world, the greater the space we can unleash our power."

At that moment, the leading girl said, "If the two of you can give such a huge amount of spirit power to the new world, then you will be able to display Ancestor Realm cultivation."