Chapter 665
===========

The battle between Dou Yiyu and Chang Weiyang was indeed dangerous. Of course, it was impossible to predict the outcome.

There were a few possibilities. First, both of them transcended. Second, both of them died. Third, either one of them died. Fourth, both of them were injured.

Gu Chensha believed that the main reason the two of them were fighting was to raise their cultivation to Sky Lord. Dou Yiyu definitely wouldn't use the Immortal Slaying God Punishing Gourd. If that was the case, it meant that deep in her heart, she felt that she wasn't as good as Chang Weiyang. With such a mentality, she wouldn't be able to ascend to Sky Lord. It might even be impossible in the future. Because of this, Gu Chensha wasn't prepared to watch the battle. Any spectator would put pressure on both sides.

Actually, if Gu Chensha witnessed the life and death battle of these two strong people, he would gain a lot of experience. But in reality, Dou Yiyu wouldn't let him watch. So everyone could only wait here.

Of course, while waiting, Gu Chensha and many others discussed how to deal with the upcoming situation.

"Sect Leader Wei Yang's battle is inevitable. This is the wish of both sides. From the moment the letter of challenge was sent, it couldn't be stopped."

Ji Qingwu said, "Actually, I am a little envious of Sect Leader Wei Yang. She lets go when she says so. She is much more carefree than me." "Let's just wait and see."

Gu Chensha said, "We should discuss. If we operate the world, I see that we have absorbed so many people and countries. If we follow my plan, our luck can increase by many times." "Now that the population is exploding, our Human Dragon Set is just a drop in the bucket."

Zhuge Ya said, "Of course, we can't let everyone eat the Human Dragon Pill, hold the Human Dragon Sword, and wear the Human Dragon Armor. Without levels, it will cause chaos." "Whether a person is noble or not depends on what they eat."

Tai Xuan said, "Right now, most of the people in the world still eat normal rice with some Herculean Bull meat. As for some rich families, they have Spirit Fields that can produce Spirit Rice. Spirit Rice is divided into low, middle, and high grade Spirit Rice according to the amount of Spirit Qi it contains.

Higher up, some of the higher ranked geniuses would eat Fire Dates. The second and third rate aristocratic families would eat Purple-Green Immortal Peaches. As for the higher ranked families and court officials, they would eat Human Dragon Pills. Could it be that you want to improve the overall quality of people? "

"It's really difficult to open up a spirit field. I have to reach the Dao Realm and set up a spirit gathering formation to watch over it at all times."

Gu Chensha said, "Therefore, the number of spirit fields has always been limited, and the rich have many experts in their families, so they can open up a large number of spirit fields. This has led to the expansion of some of the grand aristocratic families. The old aristocratic families have been suppressed by us, and new aristocratic families have been born.

In addition, there have been many fortuitous encounters in the Divine Central Continent. If my guess is correct, many new Sage families may emerge in the next few decades.

The war between us and the Devil Race has been going on for a long time. If there are any internal problems, we will immediately fall apart. " "Right now, there are already internal problems."

Wen Hong said, "After the Warlock Saint cultivated the dimensional realm, his prestige increased greatly. Now, all the aristocratic families have pledged their allegiance to him. If my guess is correct, they will soon form an alliance like us and link up.

With the Law Realm as the center, the Fan Family, Lei Family, Military Family, Hong Family, Wu Family, Heng Family, Wen Family … These families all have Minor Chiliocosms. If they unite, their power will immediately surpass ours. At that time, if they start to stir up trouble in the imperial court, it will be very difficult for us to control them. " "That is a big problem."

Zhuge Ya said, "Fortunately, Your Highness has already cultivated to the 27 Transformations of the Dao Realm, the Seamless Realm of Two Realms. The next 28 Transformations is the Shattering of Vacuum, and the 29 Transformations is the comprehension of Chaos.

Only the 30 Changes will create a world. Once you break through, King's transformation path will greatly increase, and you will be able to infiltrate and stir up trouble. Any alliance will fall apart. "

"Of course. I am best at hiding, dividing, suppressing, and sowing discord. Before this, I had neutralized the attacks of Wu Dangkong's Heaven Alliance, Martial Emperor, and Gu Tanjian. The Dharma Saint and Wan Senshi are no exception."

Gu Chensha said, "However, there is another faction that cannot be ignored, and that is the Celestial Designer Institution.

It is not easy for me to deal with Gu Huansha. After all, he is the leader of the Celestial Designer Institution, and he has the support of Celestial Master. Celestial Master is on the same level as Wan Senshi. He will be very difficult to deal with. "

"Recently, the Celestial Designer Institute has been expanding their territory in the Wildlands. They've recruited a lot of talented people, and they've taken over vast tracts of land to build factories, train workers, and even set up residential areas. They're not under our control.

As time goes on, they will become a huge problem. "Zhuge Ya waved his hand and instantly a picture appeared.

Deep in the Wildlands, the Celestial Designer Institute was carrying out a lot of construction work. Numerous cities, railroads, and iron carriages were being built. In addition to that, large tracts of farmland were being laid out, and then surrounded by spirit gathering spell formations.

Apart from that, there were many craftsmen in the cities. All sorts of mechanical weapons appeared. The Celestial Designer Institution walked the path of machinery that even normal people could use. It seemed to be a remnant of the prehistoric civilization. Many people were recruited by the Celestial Designer Institution to become apprentices. However, this was something that the Celestial Designer Bureau couldn't stop.

This was because the Celestial Designer Institution had the right to develop independently. Gu Chensha actually wanted to weaken the Celestial Designer Institution, but the Celestial Master stood behind them.

"That's an airship made by the Celestial Designer Institution, an aerial battleship."

Zhuge Ya then channeled his powers, causing the image to spin. On the vast land of the Desolate Continent, a dense number of steel floating battleships could be seen shuttling back and forth in the Nine Heavens. This was not powered by magical powers, but by machines. That was why it was said that even ordinary people could pilot these battleships.

As Gu Chensha watched, he could sense that the Celestial Designer Institution was building a brand new civilization.

Jing Qiu had founded the Holy Sama Empire in the desert, creating a new civilization. However, the truth was that it was a cultivation civilization, one that exploited one's potential and used spiritual energy to build upon the foundation of the thirty-six elements.

The Celestial Designer Institution's civilization didn't require cultivation. It was a purely mechanical civilization that could transform heaven and earth with mechanical engineering techniques.

Furthermore, the Celestial Designer Institution was researching medicine, not medicinal pills, but something that could extend one's lifespan, increase one's strength, and unleash destructive power. It was also a prehistoric civilization.

At the end of the day, medicinal pills of the immortal dao were used to assist in cultivation. Cultivation was primarily based on one's comprehension of one's own realm. If one couldn't comprehend one's realm, then no amount of medicinal pills would be of any use.

Some of the medicines developed by the Celestial Designer Institution didn't require comprehension of one's realm at all. They simply made one stronger and stronger. Moreover, most of these medicines were used for injections.

If the Celestial Designer Institution continued to develop like this, then it wouldn't be long before they became an obstacle to the Celestial Designer Bureau's way of governing.

Moreover, the Celestial Master's ideals of governing were completely different from the Bureau's. There would definitely be conflicts in the future.

"I'll find a chance to learn some things about the prehistoric civilization. They'll definitely be useful to the Bureau's development.

I'll find a chance to discuss important matters with her. If there's a chance, I'll meet with the Celestial Master. Although the Celestial Master and Wan Senshi are working together to deal with the Dharma Saint, they won't actually be working together. Perhaps they're both scheming against each other. "

Gu Chensha said, "Wan Senshi has captured Yuhuan Lu, and we still haven't rescued her. Our reputation among the immortal dao mystical sects has suffered.

However, Wan Senshi is truly powerful. We don't have a solution for now, so we can only use the strategy of driving the tiger to swallow the wolf. " "Rescuing Yuhuan Lu is our first priority," Zhuge Ya said.

"Wan Senshi isn't easy to deal with, but if the Celestial Master makes a move, we'll be able to distract him. That way, we'll be able to break into the new god prefecture and rescue Yuhuan Lu."

"I agree. It's been a long time since we've worked together. It looks like we'll have to use some tricks," Gu Chensha said. "I'm going to see Gu Huansha right now.

Rescuing Yuhuan Lu is firstly to prevent our Tranquil Immortal Department's reputation from falling. Secondly, Yuhuan Lu has obtained the Heavenly Sound Dragon Zither. Once she's rescued, she'll be a high-end combatant. "

"We have to rescue her as soon as possible. Otherwise, Wan Senshi might refine that Heavenly Sound Dragon Zither," Jing Qiu said.

"I've been keeping an eye on him at all times. I've transformed into Ghost Weep, operating within his microscopic world and grasping his every move. But then again, this God of Fortune and Longevity is no small matter. It's very likely that he'll obtain the position of God of Fortune and Longevity."

A cold smile appeared on Gu Chensha's face. "This god's fortune is extraordinary, but it's all going to benefit me." "That's true."

Zhuge Ya said, "However, I feel that we still have a chance to find Xing Qiongshi to discuss important matters. This person won't be his enemy, and can even help him form an alliance. Thus, obtaining the position of God of Five Seasons isn't a bad idea. "

"I've always had this thought. Keeping Xing Qiongshi and cooperating with each other, we can suppress the three great Heavenly Venerables, and even Wan Senshi."

Gu Chensha said, "Don't be fooled by how old Wan Senshi is and how he talks big. In reality, while the three great Heavenly Venerables are indeed his juniors, their strength might have already surpassed his. In this day and age, it's not just those who live longer who can gain the upper hand.

Also, we have to immediately carry out the plan regarding the Master of the Sun and Moon. This person can't fall into the hands of other forces. Otherwise, I'm afraid it'll be a huge disaster. "