Chapter 299
===========

"Jiang Hongri, you really are smart."

Young Master Lie Han pointed at the old ape and said, "I entered the mountain once and was caught by this ape. I was almost eaten by him, but I lied to him and told him that I could do business with him. I gave him the Nine Cauldron Pill, Dragon Raising Pill, and Dragon Creation Pill.

He believed me and really let me go. He then brought large amounts of treasures over. Of course, I couldn't take out these pills, but I wasn't his match either. I could only use you guys to kill me. "

As he spoke, he waved his hand. Someone opened a row of wooden houses and found that there were many treasures inside.

"To show my sincerity, you can take half of these treasures. How about that?" Young Master Lie Han said.

Jiang Hongri took a look and found that there were many spirit herbs, ores, and metal essences. There were also the remains of some powerful existences that were worth a lot. He nodded, "As expected of one of the 49 Young Masters of Scenic Martial Trade Association. You are good at using others to kill me. However, I want all of these treasures. I want you to compensate me with two cauldrons of pills. Otherwise, you will die today. How about that? I want to see if anyone comes to save you. "

Jiang Hongri's cultivation was at the 14th Transformation, so he naturally had the right to suppress Young Master Lie Han.

Young Master Lie Han's cultivation was at the 2nd Transformation. Compared to someone at the 14th Transformation, one was an ant and the other was a god dragon. There was an insurmountable gap.

"Jiang Hongri, is what you said true?" Young Master Lie Han's expression changed, "I had no choice this time. Don't be so overbearing." "So what if I did?"

Jiang Hongri laughed, "Jing Fanxing was captured and tied up by the Calm Celestial Department. I went to take a look, and it was so embarrassing. If it wasn't for Black Heaven Earth Sect taking out the Green Dragon God Wood in exchange, he would still be locked up in jail. As for Wu Dangkong, his face was covered in dirt and he didn't dare to make any big moves.

Your Scenic Martial Trade Association has lost the hearts of the world, so no matter what you do, it will be hard for you to recover. Why not join us? " "You can just kill me." Young Master Lie Han looked at death calmly.

"That's fine," Jiang Hongri said. "Although our Hongyun Games and the Scenic Martial Chamber of Commerce are working together, you've maliciously schemed against us today. If we take the lead, people in the future will follow suit. Wouldn't that cause chaos?" "Young Master Jiang, why must you do this?"

At this time, a calm voice also arrived in front of Young Master Lie Han, who shot out a fiery red Gang Qi to resist Jiang Hongri's Gang Qi. It was a woman.

She appeared to be about twenty-five or twenty-six years old. With a slight smile on her face, she unleashed a ring-shaped flame aura with one hand. With a slight tremble, she shattered Jiang Hongri's energy and even forced him to take a step back.

"It's you? Que Huang 'er? "

Jiang Hongri looked at this woman with a fearful expression. "Why would you protect such a small fry?" "I've already seen your master."

Que Huang 'er didn't have any intention to fight with Jiang Hongri against this woman who had suddenly appeared. "Your Lord, us and the Scenic Martial Merchant Guild have already reached an agreement on strategy. Let's forget about this matter. Of course, the Scenic Martial Merchant Guild will compensate you. Just give this Yao Lian two cauldrons of pills and let's forget about this grudge. How about that?"

"Since you've spoken, I can only do so." Jiang Hongru sneered, "Lie Han, I'll let you off today. If you dare to plot against me again in the future, I won't let you off lightly."

Young Master Lie Han smiled but didn't answer. He just took out a jade bottle from his bosom and painfully threw it to Yao Lian.

"Que Huang 'er?

Isn't this Que Ying 'er's younger sister? "When Gu Chensha saw this woman, he recalled the information he had on the Demon Race.

Que Ying 'er was the concubine of the Nest of Ten Thousand Dragons' Demon Saint, Li Wanlong. Li Wanlong commanded the demons of thousands of mountains and rivers, and his cultivation was comparable to an ancient saint.

However, the Demon Race wasn't a monolithic block. Many races fought with each other. For example, the Snake Race and the Golden-winged Great Peng Race were mortal enemies. There was also the Tiger Race and the Fox Race who were enemies. These were all natural antagonisms between races. It was the law of nature. Even if they had cultivated to become demons, there was no exception.

Que Ying 'er belonged to the Bird Race. The Bird Race also included the Golden-winged Great Peng. However, Que Ying' er's bloodline was even more noble than the Golden-winged Great Peng. She belonged to the royal bloodline of the Vermillion Bird.

The Vermillion Bird was one of the Four Sacred Beasts. Its status was extraordinary, even higher than the Phoenix. In order to win over the Bird Race, Li Wanlong naturally had to marry the nobility of the Bird Race.

Que Huang 'er was Que Ying' er's younger sister. She was also a powerful character in the Demon Race.

Gu Chensha looked at this woman and suddenly thought of the burly man who sold the Vermillion Bird's eggs. It was possible that he was related to Que Huang 'er and Que Ying' er.

"Very good. It seems like a huge conspiracy is slowly unfolding against our Tranquil Immortal Department.

I can disguise myself as a nobody and find out some big secrets. "Gu Chensha made a series of deductions and had some clues in his heart.

Que Ying 'er had almost wiped out the entire Tranquil Immortal Department. This debt had always been in the hearts of Gu Chensha and Lou Baiyue. Now, it seemed like they had found an opportunity to take revenge.

Jin Suibo was also collecting information about the Demon Race. He knew that the most noble races among the Bird Race were the Vermillion Bird bloodline behind Que Ying 'er. There were also the Phoenix Race, the Golden-winged Great Peng Race, and the Peacock Race. As for the Eagle Race, the Eagle Race, the Vulture Race, the Swallow Race, the Magpie Race, and the Owl Race, they weren't as powerful as the other four races.

However, even though there were internal strife within the Bird Race, they were still relatively united. They were one of the most powerful races among the Demon Race. But the strongest was still the Ape Race.

The Ape Race suppressed the Bird Race, the Snake Race, the Sea Demon Race, the Fox Race, the Tiger Race, the Wolf Race, the Ox Race, and the Insect Race. They were the overlords of the Demon Race. Moreover, the Ape Race was rather independent. Even Li Wanlong found it hard to order them around. If the Demon Race was united, there wouldn't be any problems for the humans.

However, since ancient times, the Demon Race had been killing each other. It was impossible for them to unite. They couldn't count on snakes and rats to work together. They also couldn't count on birds and insects to turn hostility into friendship.

"If that burly man's Vermillion Bird egg was really Que Ying 'er's doing, I might be able to beat her at her own game."

Gu Chensha remained calm and pondered. "The Hongyun Games are organized by the mysterious Second Brother, Gu Xuansha. The Scenic Martial Merchant Association is led by Wu Dangkong. Now, Que Ying 'er's Demon Race is involved. Only Gu Tanjian's National Fortune Party hasn't come out yet. However, I definitely believe that the four forces have discussed this in secret. " "Let's just forget about this."

Que Huang 'er waved her hand. "Jiang Hongri, I was just about to discuss the details of our cooperation. You can all leave first." "This subordinate will leave."

Yao Lian had obtained some benefits. She hurriedly bowed to Jiang Hongri again, gave Gu Chensha a meaningful look, and retreated. Outside, Yao Lian's tone was apologetic. "I'm sorry, Young Master Chen. I almost got you killed."

"It's fine. I didn't expect the Hongyun Games to have such an expert. It's shocking. Your Hongyun Games has a strong foundation and a peerless expert. Your future is limitless." Gu Chensha faked a sigh.

"Then, Young Master, are you interested in joining us?"

Yao Lian asked. "If Young Master is willing to join us, we might even be able to help you in terms of scholarly honors." This sentence showed how much control the Hongyun Games had in the imperial court.

"I couldn't ask for more."

Gu Chensha used this identity to join the Feng Clan's Spirit Light Poetry Society. Although he disappeared afterward, it didn't matter if he joined the Hongyun Games this time.

"However, I will have to report this to the clan." "Very good, very good."

Yao Lian was overjoyed. "With Brother Chen's strength, you can definitely become a Joss Master. I will go report to the higher-ups and have them summon Brother Chen. After passing the examination, Brother Chen will be able to wield great power and receive a generous reward. The salary of our Hongyun Games is very generous. If you become a Joss Master, you will receive ten thousand gold coins, ten spirit pills, and a Horned Dragon Armor at the entrance ceremony."

"Ten thousand gold coins, this is a very generous salary." Gu Chensha was shocked. A Prince's annual salary was only a few tens of thousands.

Of course, in the recent years, the imperial court had been developing very quickly. The world was rich and the common people were getting richer. However, a small Joss Master of a gang had such a salary. One could see how powerful the Hongyun Games was.

Not counting the Calming Immortal Bureau, Gu Chensha's income from his fief was already over one hundred million. However, his fief had a large population, and his soldiers had expanded to fifty thousand.

Raising the soldiers and horses was not a small expense. In addition, there were several thousand servants and maids. Not to mention, there were all kinds of reporting agencies, purchasing medicinal ingredients, refining magical treasures, and training experts. All in all, the annual expenses amounted to tens of millions. In reality, he could not save much money.

This was the result of the six thousand-year-old bone demons working hard without asking for anything in return. They planted large amounts of medicinal fields and rice fields, raised strong bulls, and built roads.

Of course, a large part of the reason was that he would not sell many of the good things. Instead, he would hoard them.

For example, the Fire Dates and Purple-Green Immortal Peaches produced in the Black Tortoise's Nest were not sold. Instead, they were refined into medicinal pills and stored as strategic resources.

"I will take my leave first. Inform the clan that I will contact the Joss Master in a few days." Gu Chensha cupped his hands in farewell and left the medicinal pond.

As soon as he left the medicinal pond, he activated the Dragon's Gate and instantly disappeared. Then, he locked onto Jiang Hongri and Que Huang 'er.

At this time, Jiang Hongri and Que Huang 'er seemed to have finished their conversation and flew away. Gu Chensha did not even think about it and followed Que Huang 'er. This woman was an enemy. The right thing to do was to get rid of her first.

Moreover, he could learn the secret of the Vermilion Bird egg from her. If it was really the Vermilion Bird egg, he might be able to obtain it if he figured out the conspiracy behind it.

Que Huang 'er's flying speed was extremely fast, but in front of Gu Chensha, it was not worth mentioning.

With Gu Chensha's current cultivation, he could single-handedly challenge an expert of the 19 Transformations like Que Ying 'er.

After he cultivated his Primordial Spirit to the Astral Projection Stage, he used the power of his Primordial Spirit to activate the Dragon's Gate and Buzhou Palace.

As expected, Que Huang 'er flew into the depths of the Wilderness and landed in a small basin. The basin was hundreds of miles wide and there was an altar. A group of barbarians lived around the altar, numbering in the hundreds of thousands.

On the altar, a huge Vermilion Bird statue was enshrined. This Vermilion Bird statue was carved from fire jade and there were countless runes circulating around it.