Chapter 420
===========

Gu Chensha was actually quite knowledgeable about the universe's Mystic Sect's Universe Lightning Pool. Jin Suibo knew all sorts of secrets of the Immortal Dao. Zhuge Ya also knew about the Universe Lightning Pool, a connate numinous treasure. Even in primordial times, Jiang Gongwang would inevitably mention the Universe Lightning Pool whenever he talked about various thunder arts.

The lightning water in the Universe Lightning Pool contained all sorts of powers of creation and could even revive the dead. Of course, these were just the basic functions.

Its true function was to refine Dharmic powers, physical body, Xiantian Earth Energy, body, Golden Core, Essence Spirit, mind, and other foundations.

Gu Chensha could refine the power of his Golden Core and the changes in his physical body, making it purer. At the same time, he perfected the Common People Heaven Mending Technique. The power of the Universe Lightning Pool exceeded that of the Common People's Wish ball.

The lightning water wrapped around Gu Chensha's body and seeped into it, changing his body and bloodline and increasing his strength.

Chang Weiyang observed once more, "This kid's body actually merged with the power of spacetime. This is something that even the three Celestial Venerables can't do. Legend has it that only the Grotto-Heaven Ritual has such power …"

Every particle in Gu Chensha's body was getting stronger. He breathed in and out and his entire body seemed to be in a trance, like he was in a state of the true meaning of the universe. This state was really useful for one's own comprehension.

After who knew how long, his entire body's flesh and blood started to wriggle. The lightning water merged with his flesh and blood, giving birth to Core Energy. His Sea of Consciousness, Energy Sea, and other acupoints rapidly expanded. Not only could they contain more Core Energy, but they also seemed to have opened up a whole new world. Honglong! The huge amount of energy was all absorbed by his body.

His body became extremely perfect, without any flaws. His entire body rippled with waves of Core Qi. This Core Qi seemed to have become a part of his flesh and blood, and it had the characteristics of magic power. That magic power had the power of the Heavenly Path magic power. However, he still didn't look very satisfied.

"Unfortunately, I seem to be about to grab hold of that bloodline."

Gu Chensha was actually using the power of the Universe Lightning Pool to sense the bloodline in his body. It wasn't the Common People's True Blood but the Heaven Talisman Emperor's bloodline.

Back then, Xing Qiongshi had told him that this bloodline was hidden in the deepest parts of his body's many dimensional nodes, and he was unable to sense it now.

However, Gu Chensha felt that the Great Massacre Divine Art might be the key to activating his bloodline.

When he was cultivating earlier, he wanted to grab hold of this opportunity, but he was still a step away. He felt that as long as he could grab hold of this bloodline and make use of its power, he would be able to master the Heaven's Path Art. At that time, if he met Fa Wuxian again, he would have no problem beating him up.

Unfortunately, it was only for a split second, and he wasn't able to completely grasp this bloodline.

However, he still benefited a lot from the Universe Thunder Pool's comprehension. At the very least, he refined all his meridians and acupoints again, greatly increasing their capacity.

Originally, one needed to accumulate large amounts of energy to reach Dao Realm Transformation 20. Now that Gu Chensha had finished accumulating energy, he could only comprehend and grasp the key points to break through right away. He would be able to reach the Gathering and Dispersing Realm and cultivate spiritual power.

"Thank you, Sect Master Endless, for lending me the Universe Lightning Pool."

After Gu Chensha came out, he bowed once more, "Next, how will Sect Leader help me deal with the three apes?" "Wen Hong gave you a talisman, so I will give you one too."

Chang Weiyang flipped her palm and a talisman appeared. This talisman was made of jade and it contained lightning and wind, as well as the birth and destruction of lightning.

Gu Chensha took it, "With just two talismans, it won't be enough to deal with the three apes." "Of course.

The three apes are cunning and aren't so easy to deal with. Their Small Meru Mountain is one of the ancient sky pillars and contains rich Ancient God Energy. It is occupied by the four apes and no one dares to snatch it. From this, one can see how strong they are. If the Chaos Demon Ape wasn't sealed, then I wouldn't be able to do anything to him. Luckily, the four apes have turned into three apes and their bloodlines aren't complete. That Small Meru Mountain won't be able to use the full strength of the ancient sky pillar.

Don't worry, Wen Hong and I can sense your presence because of this talisman. As long as you have a chance, we will attack. How about that? "Chang Weiyang said.

"What do you mean by I have a chance?" Gu Chensha asked.

"If the three apes were so easy to deal with, they would have been killed and eaten. How would you be able to plot against them?

You were invited into Small Meru Mountain by them, so you can spy on some of their plans. If there are other powerhouses in the plan that we can't take down, then we won't attack them. "Chang Weiyang also had to consider some things.

"If that's the case, isn't it very dangerous for me?" Gu Chensha smiled.

"Isn't that what you want?" Chang Weiyang said, "You seem to want to break through your potential when you encounter real danger."

"That's true. If the three great apes don't attack me and don't have any schemes, then it would be too disappointing." Gu Chensha was well-prepared. "If that's the case, I'll take my leave now and head for Mount Meru. However, before that, I hope you can help me contact Taiyi Fantasy Sect. How about that?

I hope to meet the master of Taiyi Fantasy Sect. It's not appropriate for me to go to Taiyi Fantasy Sect now. After all, ostensibly, our Tranquil Immortal Department has lured Tai Mang to defect. "

"Brat, you're really going to kill the three apes," Chang Weiyang knew that Gu Chensha was serious about cooperating with Taiyi Fantasy Sect.

"Not only that, I also need to contact the Xingqiong Clan."

Gu Chensha said, "The three apes are an opportunity. However, the place of the Xingqiong Clan has been sealed by someone called Dou Nineteen. Only a powerhouse like Weiyang Headmaster can help me deceive the seal silently." "Dou Nineteen?"

Chang Weiyang's eyes flickered with killing intent. "This person once snuck into my universe's Profound Gate. Fortunately, I was prepared. However, I still couldn't catch him. He escaped by relying on Heavenly Lord Victorious Battle."

"This person has taken the Innate Transformation Fruit. He is almost as powerful as the Thousand Transformations Stone Ape. Even Sages can't discover him."

Gu Chensha spoke the truth, "However, I believe that with Never-Ending Sect Master's abilities, it's not that he can't discover this kid. He can also execute his methods to kill this kid. However, Headmaster is afraid of the three Heavenly Lords. Therefore, you didn't kill him, right? "

Chang Weiyang stared at Gu Chensha for a while. "I understand what you mean. Do you want to kill him for me? You want me to borrow your blade to kill him? " "That's right."

Gu Chensha nodded. "It's never tiring to talk to Weiyang Headmaster. Our Calmness Celestial Department is fearless. We can help your universe's Profound Gate kill him.

I want to see if the three Heavenly Lords dare to act against our Calmness Celestial Department after we kill Dou Nineteen. "

"You are really daring. However, you are continuously testing the three Heavenly Lords' bottom line."

Chang Weiyang looked at Gu Chensha in a new light. She felt that the Calmness Celestial Department was really daring. Perhaps, she could make use of them. "I dare to say that the three Heavenly Lords won't dare to act. They are afraid of Gu Taxian.

This is a good opportunity to kill Dou Nineteen. If you can kill him, I'll give up everything. I'll just let you refine this kid and get the Transfiguration Fruit. The Transfiguration Fruit contains the supreme quintessence of the Precelestial Transformation Dao. If you consume it, even if you've already mastered the Heaven-Dao Magic, you'll still be able to break through to the twenty-second transformation, the Lawful Manifestations of Heaven and Earth level.

It will be easy to transform into the River of Myriad Things. At that time, your combat power will be extremely terrifying. "

Gu Chensha grasped what Chang Weiyang was thinking. At this moment, he had finally moved this "Divergent" Sect Leader.

The Calmness Celestial Department had something that could be used. Chang Weiyang could use the Calmness Celestial Department as a knife to eradicate some existences that she wanted to kill but had great misgivings about.

"I will contact Tai Xuandu now." Chang Weiyang was excited. Suddenly, a will pierced through the void and flew to who knew where.

After a full hour, she tore through space. At the place where the tear was, a dot of light appeared. In the blink of an eye, it turned into a person. This person was an old man. He looked unprepossessing, like an old pedant from the countryside. His eyes were blurry, and he looked like he would die at any moment.

"Tai Xuandu, you are becoming more and more cautious. Even when you go out, you activate the Five Decay Divine Art to hide your aura. Are you afraid of being discovered?" Chang Weiyang spoke.

"The workings of the heavens are hard to fathom. The world is in turmoil, and the changes are unpredictable. A great tribulation is coming," said Tai Xuandu. "I have no choice but to be cautious." As he spoke, he clasped his hands to Gu Chensha. "Many thanks to the Calmness Celestial Department for taking care of my son." "Sect Leader Tai Xuandu, there's no need to be so polite."

Gu Chensha hurriedly said, "Tai Mang Di is my brother, and we can fight the three Celestials together. We are like-minded. We will definitely succeed." "The Lord of Seven Stars can topple the heavens and topple the earth," said Tai Xuandu.

"Just now, Sect Leader Wei Yang sent me a message. You want to fight the three Ape Godkings?"

"That's right," said Tai Xuandu. "The Yao and Barbarian Tribes will take advantage of the Devil Apocalypse to attack. The first to bear the brunt of the attack are the Ape Race and the Barbarian Tribe. If we can get rid of the Ape Race, we can get rid of a major hidden danger. We can use the Ape Race's wealth to solidify our nation's destiny. If our nation's destiny prospers, we might be able to influence the Dao of Heaven. That way, it will be easier for Father to suppress the Dao of Heaven.

Once Father completely suppresses the Dao of Heaven, he'll be able to get rid of the three Celestials as easily as turning over his hand. "Gu Chensha continued," When that happens, the structure of the Profound Immortal Dao Sect will change. " "Kid, you really do have the ability to persuade others." Tai Xuandu knew that things weren't that simple, but he had a plan. "Tell me, what is your plan?"

"Uncle Wen Hong, Sect Leader Wei Yang, Taiyi Mystic Sect, and our Calmness Celestial Department will be a huge force.

Next, I won't go to Small Sumeru Mountain for now. Instead, I'll use your power to complete the deal with Xing Qiongshi without alerting Dou Nineteen. After that, with Xing Qiongshi's power, it won't be impossible to deal with the three Ape Godkings, or even Li Wanlong. "Gu Chensha had to be fully prepared.

"Xing Qiongshi is a huge variable. I'm afraid that once she's released, it'll be hard to control," said Tai Xuandu.